Reading Abbey Girls' School, also known as Reading Ladies' Boarding School, was an educational establishment in Reading, Berkshire open from at least 1755 until 1794. Many of its pupils went on to make a mark on English culture and society, particularly as writers. Most famous is Jane Austen, who used the school as a model of "a real, honest, old-fashioned Boarding-school".
Abbey School, Reading
George Butt, sometime Chaplain-in-Ordinary to George III, sent their only son to their great friend Richard Valpy, principal of Reading School. On a visit to the town in 1790, they were favourably impressed by the girls' school, and decided to send their elder daughter as parlour boarder, a cut above the ordinary boarder. Mary Butt, later known as the prolific author Mrs Sherwood, devoted two chapters of their memoirs to their schooldays in the 1790s, giving a detailed portrait of life at this long-established boarding school.
Two buildings of Reading Abbey survived the Dissolution of the monasteries, the Hospitium, and the Inner Gateway. The latter, and a more modern building attached to it, housed the girls' establishment, which was thus known as the Abbey School or the Gateway School. (The Oxford Dictionary of National Biography calls it "Reading Ladies boarding-school".) It had its own garden, overlooking the open ground of abbey ruins known as the Forbury, where the boys played. The girls' school dates to before 1755, when Lydia Bell took on as assistant their sister Sarah Hackett, who later chose to call themselves Mrs Latournelle, despite being English and unmarried. Bell bequeathed the school to their sister, whose skills lay more as a housekeeper than a teacher. A Miss Pitts, who was there as a parlour boarder, went on to take partnership of the school.
Dr Valpy hired a French émigré, formerly a diplomat, Dominique de St Quentin (often spelled without the particle, and sometimes as Quintin). St Quentin and Pitts married, and took over management of the girls' school: "with their knowledge and ability [they] soon raised [its] standard and prestige". Teachers included Francois Pierre Pictet, formerly secretary to Catherine the Great, Empress of Russia, and their connection to Voltaire.
By the time the Butt sisters were there (Mary was joined the following year by their sister, later Lucy Lyttelton Cameron), the school had about 60 pupils, including three of the nine daughters of artist Philip Reinagle. It was expanding, from the ancient gatehouse to adjoining more modern buildings, giving the school new studies and dormitories. The girls were kept busy with rehearsals for "exhibitions" such as a play, in French, and a ball, featuring a quadrille. These performances, shared to some extent with the boys' school, were a good way to demonstrate to parents and prospective customers just what accomplishments they would be purchasing.
Jane Austen was the school's most famous pupil, attending with their sister Cassandra 1785-1786. They drew on their experiences there when writing Emma:
Following the execution of Louis XVI at the end of January 1793, the Abbey School became a place of refuge for émigrés such as statesman Charles Alexandre de Calonne. In addition to this profligate hospitality, St Quentin gambled with Dr Valpy and the father of Mary Russell Mitford, and soon the school was forced to close. In March 1794 the auctioneer advertised the household and school goods for sale, including 40 bedsteads (beds were shared), "magic lanthorns" for instruction, and books in French and English. Claire Tomalin, the biographer of Jane Austen, sums up the school as a "harmless, slatternly place".
Hans Place, London and Frances Arabella Rowden
A couple of years later, the St Quentins opened another school, this time in the capital, at 22 Hans Place. This garden square address, in the desirable West End of London, was made possible by their former pupil Mrs Sherwood selling a novel. The St Quentins employed Frances Arabella Rowden (1774-1840?), who had been a parlour boarder with them in Reading when they were 16. Rowden's mother kept a school at Henley-on-Thames, at which Mary Wollstonecraft's sister Everina worked briefly. One source says Rowden was a governess in the household of Lord Bessborough (i.e. Frederick Ponsonby, 3rd Earl of Bessborough and their wife Harriet Spencer, whose only daughter was Lady Caroline Ponsonby, more commonly known by their married name as Lady Caroline Lamb).
Rowden was an engaging teacher, with a particular enthusiasm for the theatre, and as private tutor to Mary Russell Mitford, they were able to indulge their fondness for the Kemble family of actors. Rowden was not only a poet, but, according to Mitford, "she had a knack of making poetes of their pupils". Some of the girls they taught at the Hans Place school included the above-mentioned Caroline Ponsonby, who wrote Glenarvon following their affair with Lord Byron; the poet Letitia Elizabeth Landon ("L.E.L."); Emma Roberts, the travel writer; Anna Maria Fielding, who published as S.C. Hall; and Rosina Doyle Wheeler, who married Edward Bulwer-Lytton and published their many novels as Rosina Bulwer Lytton.
The school taught Greek and Latin, unlike its curriculum in Reading; it also taught French and Italian, and dance and deportment. British History Online deems it a "superior school". It was smaller than its Reading Abbey predecessor, with only 23 in the household, and this would have included live-in servants. In 1809 St Quentin retired and Rowden took over 22 Hans Place.
Curiously, Jane Austen's brother Henry moved into number 23 in 1814, so on their visits to London, they stayed next door to their old school. "L.E.L." was born at number 25 in 1802, and after attending school at number 22 as a small child, ended up lodging in a room on the top floor between 1826 and 1837. By that point the house had been taken by two Misses Lance, who also ran it as a school. Much later, 22 Hans Place formed the headquarters of the 1921 Irish Treaty delegation. Another innovative educational establishment, Hill House School, has been based in Hans Place since 1951.
Paris
In 1798 St Quentin filed an affidavit "concerning denization", a relatively straightforward way, now obsolete, of gaining what we would call permanent residency.
With the renewed peace, the St Quentins decided to try a Parisian retirement. Rowden followed in 1818 and opened a school at various locations. They had as their final notable pupil Frances (Fanny) Kemble, of the acting family. Kemble mocked the literature that Rowden deemed suitable.
St Quentin was widowed, and in 1825 they and Rowden married. They would have been about 50, and he, 75. It is not known what happened to them afterwards.
Works by Dominique de St Quentin
A complete system of the commercial geography of England; laid down in plain and concise manner, for the use of schools. 1794. W. Baynes.
A New Grammar of the French Language. 2nd edition 1812. Longman. 230 pages.
The First Rudiments of General Grammar, Applicable to All Languages. A. J. Valpy; sold by Longman, Hurst, Rees, Orme, & Brown, 1812. 163 pages.
Works by Frances Arabella Rowden
A Poetical Introduction to the Study of Botany (1801). (See History of botany for a discussion on the perceived suitability of this science for young ladies.)
Biographical sketches of the most distinguished writers, for the use in schools (1820)
The Pleasures of Friendship
A Christian Wreath for the Pagan Deities: Or, An Introduction to the Greek and Roman Mythology. Them introduction says their outline is "principally selected from Abbé Tressan's abridgment of the learned and voluminous labors of Abbé Banier", referring to Antoine Banier's Mythologie et la fable expliqués par l'histoire (1711). It is dedicated to the Countess of Bessborough, their employer above.
Schools with related names
Reading Girls' School, founded as Reading Girls' British School, based on the monitorial system of mutual instruction, whereby the older pupils taught the younger. This had opened in 1810 for boys, and in 1818 was extended to girls. It continues today as a foundation (i.e. state-funded) school.
The Abbey School, Reading, founded in the 1870s and renamed in 1914 after the school at which Jane Austen studied. It continues today as an independent (i.e. fee-paying) school.
References
Further reading
Chapters 6 and 7 of The life of Mrs. Sherwood, (chiefly autobiographical) (1853) by Mary Martha Sherwood The life of Mrs. Sherwood, (chiefly autobiographical) with extracts from Mr. Sherwoodʹs journal during their imprisonment in France & residence in India. ...
The beginning of Records of a Girlhood (1878) by Frances Ann (Fanny) Kemble Records of a girlhood
Defunct schools in Reading, Berkshire
Defunct schools in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea
Secondary schools in Reading, Berkshire
Girls' schools in Berkshire
Places associated with Jane Austen
Girls' schools in France
Defunct schools in France
Cirebon City Hall (Indonesian Balai Kota Cirebon) is a city hall in Cirebon City, Indonesia. The building shows implementation of the Dutch Amsterdam School Style in the colonial Dutch East Indies, now Indonesia.
History
Cirebon City Hall is designed by Joost Jacob Jiskoot (1896-1987) in Art Deco with strong influence of Amsterdam School style. Other source said the architect was H.P. Hamdl and C.F. Koll. The foundation stone was laid on June 26, 1926. The physical construction of the building began on July 1, 1926 and was completed on 1 September 1927. It was used for the town hall of the colonial city of Cheribon (also Cirebon) from 1927. It was also used for meeting place and weddings for the Europeans during colonial period.
During the Japanese Military Administration until the time of independence, the building became the center for Cirebon City Government.
Architecture
The City Hall building has three separate buildings consisting of a main building and companion buildings on the left wing and right wing. At the front of the main building is a semicircular portico. Various stained glass ornaments and lamp decoration showing influence from Nieuwe Kunst and Amsterdam School. The facade of the building is decorated with prawn sculptures designed by sculptor Anthon Maas, a reference to the city's thriving shrimp industry as well as the nickname of the city 'Kota Udang' ("shrimp city").
The Art Deco building shows strong influence of Amsterdam School movement, evident in the strong expressionist shapes in the sculptural ornaments and the expressive tapered form in the double facade (double facade is characteristic of the tropical architecture), and use of original material.
Joost Jacob Jiskoot
Jiskoot was the director of Cirebon City's Department of Public Works in 1924. During the Japanese occupation of Indonesia, they were the chief for Batavia (Jakarta)-based engineering and construction company Associatie Selle & de Bruyn, Reyerse & de Vries. During this period, they designed the residence of the mayor of Makassar (Ujung Pandang).
In the later period, they were recorded establishing the engineering and construction company Associatie NV Djakarta in 1949. The company existed until 1957 when all businesses in Indonesia was nationalized.
References
See also
Indonesian architecture
New Indies Style
Buildings and structures in Cirebon
City and town halls in Indonesia
Cultural Properties of Indonesia in West Java
Government buildings completed in 1927
1927 establishments in the Dutch East Indies
Dutch Colonial architecture in Indonesia
Art Deco architecture in Indonesia
James Skivring Smith (February 26, 1825 – 1892) was a Liberian politician who served as the sixth president of Liberia from 1871 to 1872. Prior to this, they served as the eighth vice president of Liberia from 1870 to 1871 under President Edward James Roye and as Secretary of State from 1856 to 1860 in the cabinet of President Stephen Allen Benson. They were a member of the True Whig Party.
Smith was born in Charleston, South Carolina in 1825 to a family of free blacks. They arrived with their family in Liberia in 1833, and their parents died of malaria within a year. As a young man, they trained under Dr. James W. Lugenbeel, a medical doctor of the American Colonization Society. They then returned to the United States to study medicine at the University of Vermont College of Medicine. They transferred to Berkshire Medical College in Massachusetts, graduating with their medical degree in 1848. They were the second African American to receive a Doctor of Medicine from an American medical school, after David J. Peck a year earlier. After graduating, they returned to the newly independent Liberia to work as a physician.
In 1855, Smith was elected to the Senate, representing Grand Bassa County. From 1856 to 1860, they were Secretary of State under President Stephen Allen Benson. In the 1869 presidential election, Smith was elected vice president alongside President Edward James Roye. They and Roye were the first True Whig politicians to hold their respective offices. In 1871, after Roye was forced out of office, Smith served as president for the remainder of Roye's term. Their two-month president remains the shortest in Liberian history. At the end of their presidential term, Smith returned home to Buchanan, and served as Superintendent of Grand Bassa County from 1874 to 1884. Their son James Skivring Smith Jr. went on to serve as vice president from 1930 to 1944.
Early life and education
Smith was born in Charleston, South Carolina on February 26, 1825, the fourth of seven children of free blacks Carlos and Catharine Smith. They and their family arrived in Liberia in 1833, and their parents died of malaria within one year of their arrival. After working with a white doctor of the American Colonization Society, Smith returned to the United States to study medicine at the University of Vermont College of Medicine. They transferred to the Berkshire Medical College in Pittsfield, Massachusetts, from which they received their medical degree in 1848. They were the second African American to graduate from a medical school in the United States, after David J. Peck, who graduated from Rush Medical College in 1847. They then returned to the newly independent Liberia, working for the ACS as a doctor.
Politics
Smith served as Secretary of State from 1856 to 1860 and was later elected as a senator from Grand Bassa County from 1868 to 1869. In the 1869 presidential election, Smith was elected vice president under President Edward James Roye. The two were the first True Whig politicians to hold their respective offices. On October 26, 1871, President Roye was forcibly removed from office after unconstitutionally extending their term, leading Smith to serve the remaining two months of Roye's term as president. Smith's tenure as president remains the shortest in Liberian history. After stepping down as president, Smith returned to Buchanan and served as Superintendent of Grand Bassa County from 1874 to 1884.
Smith's son, James Skivring Smith Jr., later became a successful politician in Liberia, also serving as Superintendent of Grand Bassa County and as vice president from 1930 to 1944.
References
Year of death uncertain
1825 births
1892 deaths
19th-century American physicians
19th-century Liberian politicians
19th-century Liberian physicians
African-American physicians
Americo-Liberian people
American emigrants to Liberia
Berkshire Medical College alumni
Members of the Senate of Liberia
Foreign Ministers of Liberia
People from Buchanan, Liberia
Physicians from South Carolina
Politicians from Charleston, South Carolina
Presidents of Liberia
Vice presidents of Liberia
True Whig Party politicians
19th-century African-American people
Christianity in the 18th century is marked by the First Great Awakening in the Americas, along with the expansion of the Spanish and Portuguese empires around the world, which helped to spread Catholicism.
Protestant Pietism, evangelicalism
Historian Sydney E. Ahlstrom identified a "great international Protestant upheaval" that created Pietism in Germany and Scandinavia, the Evangelical Revival, and Methodism in England, And the First Great Awakening in the American colonies. This powerful grass-roots evangelical movement shifted the emphasis from formality to inner piety. In Germany it was partly a continuation of mysticism that had emerged in the Reformation era. The leader was Philipp Spener (1635-1705), They downplayed theological discourse and believed that all ministers should have a conversion experience; they wanted the laity to participate more actively in church affairs. Pietists emphasized the importance of Bible reading. August Hermann Francke (1663-1727) was another important leader who made the University of Halle the intellectual center. Pietism was strongest in the Lutheran churches, and also had a presence in the Dutch Reformed church. In Germany, however, reformed Reformed Church's work closely under the control of the government, which distrusted Pietism. Likewise in Sweden, the Lutheran Church of Sweden was so legalistic and intellectually oriented, that it brushed aside pietistic demands for change. Pietism continues to have its influence on European Protestantism, and extended its reach through missionary work across the world.
The same movement toward individual piety was called evangelicalism in Britain and its colonies. The most important leaders included Methodists John Wesley, George Whitefield and hymn writer Charles Wesley. Movements occurred inside the established state churches, but there was also a centripetal force that led to partial independence, as in the case of the Methodist and Wesleyan revivals.
The American Great Awakening
The First Great Awakening was a wave of religious enthusiasm among Protestants that swept the American colonies in the 1730s and 1740s, leaving a permanent impact on American religion. Jonathan Edwards, perhaps most powerful intellectual in colonial America, was a key leader. George Whitefield came over from England and made many converts. The Great Awakening emphasized the traditional Reformed virtues of Godly preaching, rudimentary liturgy, and a deep sense of personal guilt and redemption by Christ Jesus. It resulted from powerful preaching that deeply affected listeners with a deep sense of personal guilt and salvation by Christ. Pulling away from ritual and ceremony, the Great Awakening made religion personal to the average person.
It had a major impact in reshaping the Congregational, Presbyterian, Dutch Reformed, and German Reformed denominations, and it strengthened the small Baptist and Methodist denominations. It brought Christianity to the slaves and was an apocalyptic event in New England that challenged established authority. It incited rancor and division between the new revivalists and the old traditionalists who insisted on ritual and doctrine. It had little impact on Anglicans and Quakers.
Unlike the Second Great Awakening that began about 1800 and which reached out to the unchurched, the First Great Awakening focused on people who were already church members. It changed their rituals, their piety, and their self-awareness. The new style of sermons and the way people practiced their faith breathed new life into religion in America. People became passionately and emotionally involved in their religion, rather than passively listening to intellectual discourse in a detached manner. Ministers who used this new style of preaching were generally called "new lights", while the preachers of old were called "old lights". People began to study the Bible at home, which effectively decentralized the means of informing the public on religious manners and was akin to the individualistic trends present in Europe during the Protestant Reformation.
Roman Catholicism
Europe
Across Europe the Catholic Church was in a weak position. In the major countries, it was largely controlled by the government. The Jesuits were dissolved in Europe. Intellectually, the Enlightenment attacked and ridiculed Catholic Church, and the aristocracy was given very little support. In the Austrian Empire, the population was a heavily Catholic one, but the government seized control of all the Church lands. The peasant classes continue to be devout, but they had no voice. The French Revolution of the 1790s had a devastating impact in France, essentially shutting down the Catholic Church, seizing and selling its properties, closing its monasteries and schools and exiling most of its leaders.
Jesuits
Throughout the inculturation controversy, the very existence of Jesuits were under attack in Portugal, Spain, France, and the Kingdom of Sicily. The inculturation controversy and the Jesuit support for the native Indians in South America added fuel to growing criticism of the order, which seemed to symbolize the strength and independence of the Church. Defending the rights of native peoples in South America, hindered the efforts of European powers, especially Spain and Portugal to maintain absolute rule over their domains. Portugal's Sebastião José de Carvalho e Melo, Marquis of Pombal was the main enemy of the Jesuits. Pope Clement XIII attempted to keep the Jesuits in existence without any changes: Sint ut sunt aut not sint ("Leave them as they are or not at all.") In 1773, European rulers united to force Pope Clement XIV to dissolve the order officially, although some chapters continued to operate. Pius VII restored the Jesuits in the 1814 papal bull Sollicitudo omnium ecclesiarum.
French Revolution
Matters grew still worse with the violent anti-clericalism of the French Revolution. Direct attacks on the wealth of the Catholic Church and associated grievances led to the wholesale nationalisation of church property and attempts to establish a state-run church. Large numbers of priests refused to take an oath of compliance to the National Assembly, leading to the Catholic Church being outlawed and replaced by a new religion of the worship of "Reason" along with a new French Republican Calendar. In this period, all monasteries were destroyed, 30,000 priests were exiled and hundreds more were killed.
When Pope Pius VI sided against the revolution in the First Coalition, Napoleon Bonaparte invaded Italy. The 82-year-old pope was taken prisoner to France in February 1799 and died in Valence August 29, 1799 after six months of captivity. To win popular support for their rule, Napoleon re-established the Catholic Church in France through the Concordat of 1801. All over Europe, the end of the Napoleonic wars signaled by the Congress of Vienna, brought Catholic revival, and renewed enthusiasm and respect for the papacy following the depredations of the previous era.
Spanish colonies
The expansion of the Roman Catholic Portuguese Empire and Spanish Empire with a significant role played by the Roman Catholic Church led to the Christianization of the indigenous peoples of the Americas such as the Aztecs and Incas.
In the Americas, the Roman Catholic Church expanded its missions but, until the 19th century, had to work under the Spain and Portuguese governments and military. Junípero Serra, the Franciscan priest in charge of this effort, founded a series of missions which became important economic, political, and religious institutions.
China
The bull of Pope Benedict XIV Ex Quo Singulari from July 11, 1742, repeated verbatim the bull of Clement XI and stressed the purity of Christian teachings and traditions, which must be upheld against all heresies. Chinese missionaries were forbidden to take part in honors paid to ancestors, to Confucius, or to the emperors. This bull virtually destroyed the Jesuit goal to Christianize the influential upper classes in China. The Vatican policy was the death of the missions in China. Afterwards the Roman Catholic Church experienced missionary setbacks, and in 1721 the Chinese Rites controversy led the Kangxi Emperor to outlaw Christian missions. The Chinese emperor felt duped and refused to permit any alteration of the existing Christian practices. They told the visiting papal delegate: "You destroyed your religion. You put in misery all Europeans living here in China."
Korea
In contrast to most other nation, Catholicism was introduced into Korea in 1784 by Koreans themselves without assistance of foreign missionaries. Some Silhak scholars devoted themselves to an intensive study of various philosophical and scientific texts written by Chinese and European scholars. Among those texts was Catholic theological books published in China by Jesuit. They believed Catholicism complements what was lacking in Confucianism. These noble intellectuals became the first Christians in Korea. Yi Seung-hun, the first Korean who was christened Peter in Beijing, on their return from China in September 1784, and formed a Christian community. The Christian community developed rapidly thanks to their ardent dedication to the mission. They translated books on Catholicism from Chinese into Korean for Koreans and constantly appealed to the Holy See to send priests for Korean people. As a result, Pope Leo XII established the Korea Apostolic Vicariate and to delegate the missionary work to the Paris Foreign Missions Society in 1828. Since then French missionaries came to Korea secretly. In 1846, Andrew Kim Taegon was ordained and became the first Korean priest.
Eastern Orthodoxy
Serbian Church
During the Austro-Turkish war (1683–1699) years, relations between Muslims and Christians in European provinces of the Turkish Empire were greatly radicalized. As a result of Turkish oppression, destruction of monasteries and violence against the non-Muslim civilian population, Serbian Christians and their Church leaders headed by Serbian Patriarch Arsenije III sided with Austrians in 1689 and again in 1737 under Serbian Patriarch Arsenije IV. In the following punitive campaigns, Turkish armies conducted many atrocities against local Christian populations in Serbian regions, resulting in Great Migrations of the Serbs.
Consequent Serbian uprisings against the Turks and involvement of Serbian Patriarchs in anti-Ottoman activities, led to the political compromise of the Patriarchate in the eyes of the Turkish political elite. Instead of Serbian bishops, Turkish authorities favored politically more reliable Greek bishops who were promoted to Serbian eparchies and even to the Patriarchal throne in Peć. In the same time, after 1752 a series of internal conflicts arose among leading figures in the Serbian Patriarchate, resulting in constant fights between Serbian and Greek pretenders to the Patriarchal throne. Finally, the Serbian Patriarchate of Peć collapsed in 1766, when it was abolished by the Turkish Sultan Mustafa III (1757-1774). The entire territory of the Serbian Patriarchate under Ottoman rule was placed under the jurisdiction of the Ecumenical Patriarchate of Constantinople. The throne of Peć was suppressed and eleven remaining Serbian eparchies were transferred to the throne of Constantinople.
Russian Church
In 1721, Tsar Peter I abolished completely the patriarchate and so the Russian Orthodox Church effectively became a department of the government, ruled by a Most Holy Synod composed of senior bishops and lay bureaucrats appointed by the Tsar.
Timeline
See also
History of Christianity
History of Protestantism
History of the Roman Catholic Church#Baroque, Enlightenment and revolutions
History of Christianity of the Late Modern era
History of the Eastern Orthodox Church
History of Christian theology#Revivalism (1720–1906)
History of Oriental Orthodoxy
Restoration Movement
Timeline of the English Reformation
Timeline of Christianity#18th century
Timeline of Christian missions#1700 to 1799
Timeline of the Roman Catholic Church#1600–1800
Chronological list of saints and blesseds in the 18th century
References
Further reading
Atkin, Nicholas, and Frank Tallett, eds. Priests, Prelates and People: A History of European Catholicism since 1750 (2003)
Brown, Stewart J. and Timothy Tackett, eds. The Cambridge History of Christianity: Volume 7, Enlightenment, Reawakening and Revolution 1660-1815 (2007)
Chadwick, Owen. The Popes and European Revolution (Oxford UP, 1981)
Hastings, Adrian, ed. A World History of Christianity (1999) 608pp
Hope, Nicholas. German and Scandinavian Protestantism 1700-1918 (1999)
Latourette, Kenneth Scott. Christianity in a Revolutionary Age. Vol. I: The 19th Century in Europe; Background and the Roman Catholic Phase (1958)
MacCulloch, Diarmaid. Christianity: The First Three Thousand Years (2011) ch 21
McLeod, Hugh and Werner Ustorf, eds. The Decline of Christendom in Western Europe, 1750-2000 (Cambridge UP, 2004) online
McManners, John. Church and Society in Eighteenth-Century France (2 vols. Oxford, 1998) 709–11.
Rosman, Doreen. The Evolution of the English Churches, 1500-2000 (2003) 400pp
External links
Schaff's ''The Seven Ecumenical Councils
18
18
Callimetopus albatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Newman in 1842. It is known from the Philippines.
References
Callimetopus
Beetles described in 1842
Domhnall Mac Briain was the son of Brian Boru, the High king of Ireland and Eacraidh whose father was a Rí of a tuath in Mide. They had two known siblings, one brother (Tadc) and a sister. The Annals of Inisfallen record that they raided Cenél Conaill. Half of the army was led by Domhnall, while the other half by their half brother Murchad mac Briain.
They died in 1012 due to natural causes. They had no children.
References
1012 deaths
11th-century Irish people
10th-century Irish people
10th-century births
Dál gCais
Domhnall
MadMaze is an online video game designed by Eric Goldberg and developed by Greg Costikyan in 1989. It was the first online game to draw over a million players, and was playable through the Prodigy service. The game disappeared in 1999 with the death of the Prodigy service, but with the permission from the service and the creators, fans of the game have rehosted it.
Gameplay
Gameplay is fairly simple - the game is based around two dimensional mazes, which the player often has to map out in order to progress. Completion of a maze is rewarded by an interactive scene with some character or location in the world of the maze. The interactive scenes between the different mazes are known as "Places of Power."
Choosing the right option allows the player to gain some hints for solving other puzzles in the maze, or to progress further. Many interactive scenes feature multiple possible solutions, only some of which will reward the player with clues. Most scenes can be repeated to achieve a successful outcome, and some scenes result in death, requiring the player to restart. "Saving" your game was done by means of entering a poem at the opening screen of the game, which worked as a password to transport the player to a certain part of the game.
The mazes started out as extremely simple, but continually grew in complexity until most could not be solved by trial and error. The walls in the mazes were all at 90 degrees, and involved simple commands in any of the four directions to progress, with the player always facing in the direction of the last place they moved. One of the later mazes also featured invisible walls so that the player had to identify whether they were making progress or not by text in the game.
The graphics were fairly simple, the maze backgrounds used only a few images which varied in color schemes, conversations took place over text, and simple 2D pixelated images provided backgrounds for some of the interactive scenes.
Plot
The basic plot of the game was that the player had to fulfill the task of a runner, by venturing into the Mad One's Maze and enlist the help of a wizard at the lowest level. The maze had three levels total, and different levels had their own set of characters, related puzzles, and storyline.
Introduction
The player takes on the role of a boy from the rural community of Weith Village. Wellan, the Village Elder, explains to the player that The Mad One has returned, and their influence continues to grow stronger over Weith Village; with the MadMaze threatening to engulf the village. The player is tasked by Wellan to travel to the center of the MadMaze and recruit the help of a wizard named Moraziel, on the pretext that only with their help can the Mad One be defeated.
References
External links
Playable version of the game
Interview with creator of game
Article by the creator criticizing online games, including their own
Adventure games
Greg Costikyan games
A labour-sponsored venture capital corporation (LSVCC), known alternately as labour-sponsored investment fund (LSIF) or simply retail venture capital (RVC), is a fund managed by investment professionals that invests in small to mid-sized Canadian companies. The Canadian federal government and some provincial governments offer tax credits to LSVCC investors to promote the growth of such companies.
History
The idea behind LSVCCs was first proposed in the Canadian province of Quebec in 1982. The province was in the midst of a recession and the lack of capital in small and mid-sized companies had caused numerous bankruptcies.
In response, the Quebec Federation of Labour proposed a Solidarity Fund at a provincial economic summit conference in 1982 to help the province create a locally controlled healthy and sustainable economy. The intention was to attract venture capital to smaller Quebec firms.
This new type of fund slowly began to spread across the rest of Canada during the 1980s. But it wasn't until the late 1990s that LSVCCs became truly noteworthy outside Quebec, thanks in equal part to generous tax breaks from federal and provincial governments and attractive returns to investors. So far in the 2000s, returns have been less impressive, due in part to the bursting of the technology bubble. Returns for LSVCCs have generally been stagnant. Speculation about the reasons for low returns point to risky ventures, inexperienced fund managers, lack of requirement to generate positive returns to be competitive, and government intervention.
Labour-sponsored venture capital corporations, as the name suggests, must be "sponsored" by a labour union. This sponsor is able to appoint members to the fund's board of directors (but not the investee's board of directors).
Companies invested in
LSVCC funds invest primarily in small and medium-sized private companies who require funding to sustain and increase growth. The emergence of the LSVCC industry stems from the idea that the growth of these firms will stimulate the Canadian economy and create jobs.
The money investors put into these firms is a form of venture capital. These firms are just starting out and generally aren't listed on a stock exchange such as the Toronto Stock Exchange. LSVCCs offer an asset class that is normally not accessible through conventional investment vehicles. These companies have potential for substantial growth and high returns down the line if they succeed and are generally chosen precisely for that growth potential.
In an LSVCC, as in any mutual fund, investors' money is distributed among a number of businesses. However, because the companies invested in by LSVCCs may be new and are likely small, many don't have much of a track record and can be risky investments by themselves. Ideally, an LSVCC can reduce that risk by diversifying their portfolio of assets.
These small to mid-sized companies are interested in receiving financing from LSVCC fund companies because they are in a high growth cycle and are looking to further support the expansion of their business. These companies are often too small or too young to secure conventional bank financing. The LSVCC fund companies are also able to provide sought-after strategic guidance and operational support.
Tax credits
To encourage Canadian retail investors to invest in LSVCCs, the federal government and some provincial governments offer tax credits. The Canadian Federal budget tabled on March 22, 2016 restored the federal LSVCC credit to 15% for purchases of provincially (not federally) registered LSVCCs for the 2016 and later taxation years. Prior to 2015, the federal government had offered investors in LSVCCs a 15% tax credit on a maximum investment amount of $5,000 per year – worth up to $750. That credit was reduced to 10% for 2015, 5% for 2016, and was to be eliminated for 2017 and later years.
According to the Department of Finance, the federal LSVCC program has not had the same positive impact as the provincial programs, so the federal LSVCC credit for federally registered LSVCCs will remain at 5% for 2016 and will be eliminated for 2017 and later years; see the 2016 federal budget.
Some provinces offer a tax credit, often 15%, in addition to the federal credits. An additional 5% tax credit was formerly available to Ontario investors who purchased certain research-oriented LSVCC – a kind of specialty LSVCC dealing mostly in research-oriented small companies.
The Ontario government has phased out the labour-sponsored funds tax credit. As of January 1, 2012, the credit is no longer available from the Ontario government.
When an investor buys an LSVCC in their RRSP, they obtain the LSVCC tax credits as well as the usual tax deduction they receive each time they contribute to their RRSP.
Realizing gains
Gains made in the value of LSVCCs occur in one of three ways:
Selling the investment in a company to a larger company (often in the same industry) by way of mergers and acquisitions.
Exiting from an investment in a company via an initial public offering.
Capital appreciation in currently held investments in a company.
LSVCC fund companies tend to use their investment in a company to buy an equity stake. They will also negotiate to have members of their portfolio management team hold positions on the board of directors of companies they invest in. This allows them to have some say in future decisions that that company makes in regards to company strategy and execution.
LSVCC funds have holding periods because of the time it takes for these small companies to meet the criteria necessary for one of the above-mentioned options. Even though the holding period is an extended period of time, the LSVCC fund company doesn't wish to retain any investment indefinitely. The primary objective of LSVCC fund managers is to obtain a superior rate of return through an eventual and timely disposition of each investment.
Common characteristics
Holding periodTo retain the tax credit an investor has to hold on to the shares for a set time period, often eight years. If shares are sold before this time, the amount received in tax credits may need to be repaid to the government in what's termed tax credit clawback.
LiquidityBecause of the nature of the holding period (often eight years), LSVCC shares usually can't be redeemed without paying penalty charges until the holding period is complete. Because of this decreased liquidity as compared with other investment instruments, LSVCCs are best for investors with longer time horizons who are able to hold their shares for the full holding period.
ValuationLike tradition LP-based venture capital funds, LSVCCs don't generally invest in publicly traded firms. With a stock that's publicly traded, the price that is quoted when the market closes is influenced by the opinions of investors, analysts and other market participants who have studied the company issuing the stock. Whereas LSVCC funds invest in private companies whose worth tends to be more difficult to assess and to determine.
RiskLSVCC fund companies are able to diversify their portfolio by investing in a relatively large number of firms thus decreasing overall risk. But this only holds to a certain degree. The companies have little track record and most are not publicly traded. Some will fail; others will stagnate. It's the few that thrive that ideally provide the profit that makes up for the other losses.
Criticism
Government funds have come under criticism from non-Canadian sources for their relatively poor performance, as some of these funds lagged equity indices in the U.S. and Canada. Additionally, some government funds have been alleged to compete with private investment, potentially affecting the development of new companies in areas where they operate.
Major LSVCC venture capital firms
Fonds de solidarité FTQ
Fondaction
GrowthWorks Capital
References
External links
The Morningstar Guide to Labour-Sponsored Venture Capital Funds
List of LSIF Companies
Investment funds
Private equity
Taxation in Canada
Viktoria is the fourteenth studio album by Swedish black metal band Marduk. It was released on 22 June 2018. The album's lyrics follow in a similar vein to some of their previous albums, focusing on historical World War II lyrical themes. It is the band's last album to feature bassist Magnus "Devo" Andersson and drummer Fredrik Widigs.
Track listing
Credits
Credits adapted from Metal Force.
Daniel "Mortuus" Rostén – vocals
Morgan Steinmeyer Håkansson – guitars
Magnus "Devo" Andersson – bass
Fredrik Widigs – drums
Charts
References
2018 albums
Marduk (band) albums
Century Media Records albums
Peter Griffin (17 December 1939 – 17 January 2007) was a German disco musician.
Biography
Peter Kamp was born on the 17th of December.
They were the owner of a German discotheque called Griffin's, in the city of Baden-Baden.
Their first release was the 7" single "I Hate the Music" in 1977, followed by "I'm in the Race" in 1978.
In 1979, they released "Spider-Man" as their third single. Shortly thereafter, the 12" version was released and the song became a major club hit that year.
They had two other club hits between 1980 and 1981. The songs were "Step By Step", which was originally released on Electrola of Germany. The song gained popularity as an import, and the fledgling Moby Dick Records picked it up for U.S. release, issuing a remixed version. The following year Electrola issued "Inside Out", another up-tempo number. No American company opted to license it, yet it still received good club exposure.
After their music career, they were very successful with several restaurants in Baden-Baden, Achern, Prague, and San Diego.
 They are the father of actor/model Alexandra Kamp, born 1966.
Peter Griffin died on 17 January 2007 in Baden-Baden, Germany at the age of 67.
External links
Discography
Eurodisco musicians
1939 births
2007 deaths
20th-century German male musicians
20th-century German musicians
James Chisholm (September 30, 1815 – September 15, 1855) was an Episcopal priest in Portsmouth, Virginia who died of yellow fever after working to assist others (of every denomination) stricken by an epidemic.
Chisholm was born in Salem, Massachusetts and moved to Virginia to teach. They converted to the Episcopal church and was ordained, then served as the first rector of St. John's Episcopal Church in Portsmouth, founded in 1848 as part of the Oxford Movement although with the permission of Virginia's bishop, William Meade.
In February, 1855, Rev. Chisholm's wife died, leaving them to care for two young sons. When yellow fever struck Portsmouth and nearby Norfolk in the summer and one of their sons fell ill, Chisholm sent their boys to live with relatives, but returned to the city. Almost all other leading citizens, ranging from doctors to clergy, left, but Rev. Chisholm remained to assist those stricken by the epidemic, with not only pastoral care, but food, medical care and even digging graves. They worked closely with Rev. Francis Devlin of the city's St. Paul's Catholic Church to assist Irish immigrants who continued to live in "pestilential abodes". As the disease abated in the fall, Chisholm had been so weakened by their efforts (and news that one of their sons had died) that they themselves succumbed at the Portsmouth Naval Hospital, becoming one of the 3,200 deaths in a city which had about 12,000 residents the previous winter.
About 20 people turned out for their funeral, conducted by a Baptist minister. Rev. Chisholm is buried in Portsmouth's Cedar Grove cemetery. Their memoirs of that epidemic, edited shortly after their death to emphasize the Christian values which prompted the somewhat delicate and retiring (if not bashful) cleric to exhibit fortitude through that epidemic are available at various sources.
References
American Episcopal priests
People from Salem, Massachusetts
People from Portsmouth, Virginia
Anglican saints
1815 births
1855 deaths
19th-century American Episcopalians
19th-century American clergy
Vendicata! (i. e. "Vindicated!") is a 1955 Italian melodrama film written and directed by Giuseppe Vari and starring Milly Vitale and Alberto Farnese. It grossed 300 million lire at the Italian box office.
Plot
Cast
Milly Vitale as Anna
Alberto Farnese as Roberto
Gino Buzzanca
Beniamino Maggio
Giulio Donnini
Carla Calò
Erminio Spalla
Dina De Santis
Jula De Palma
Teddy Reno
Gino Latilla
References
External links
Italian war drama films
1950s war drama films
Films directed by Giuseppe Vari
Italian World War II films
1950s Italian films
Ryvingen Peak () is a rock peak 3 nautical miles (6 km) west-southwest of Brapiggen Peak, on the southern side of Borg Massif in Queen Maud Land. Mapped by Norwegian cartographers from surveys and air photos by Norwegian-British-Swedish Antarctic Expedition (NBSAE) (1949–52) and named Ryvingen.
Mountains of Queen Maud Land
Princess Martha Coast
Philip Hobbs (born 26 July 1955) is a British racehorse trainer specializing mainly in National Hunt racing.  They are based at stables near Minehead, Somerset.
Their biggest wins have come with Flagship Uberalles in the 2002 Queen Mother Champion Chase, Rooster Booster in the 2003 Champion Hurdle, Detroit City in the 2006 Triumph Hurdle and Massini's Maguire in the 2007 Ballymore Properties Novices' Hurdle. They have also trained flat race winners, notably winning the 2006 Cesarewitch Handicap with Detroit City. Dream Alliance Welsh cup winner.
Cheltenham winners (19)
Champion Hurdle - (1) Rooster Booster (2003)
Queen Mother Champion Chase - (1) Flagship Uberalles (2002)
Supreme Novices' Hurdle - (1) Menorah (2010)
Arkle Challenge Trophy - (1) Captain Chris (2011)
Baring Bingham Novices' Hurdle - (1) Massini's Maguire (2007)
Triumph Hurdle - (3) Made in Japan (2004), Detroit City (2006), Defi du Seuil (2017)
RSA Insurance Novices' Chase - (1) One Knight (2003)
Champion Bumper - (1) Cheltenian (2011)
Golden Miller Novices' Chase - (1) Defi du Seuil (2019)
Coral Cup - (2) What's Up Boys (2000), Monkerhostin (2004)
Glenfarclas Cross Country Chase - (2) Balthazar King (2012, 2014)
County Handicap Hurdle - (1) Rooster Booster (2002)
Centenary Novices' Handicap Chase - (1) Copper Bleu (2010)
Pertemps Final - (1) Fingal Bay (2014)
Johnny Henderson Grand Annual Chase - (1) Kibreet (1996)
Major wins
Great Britain
Tingle Creek Chase - (2) Flagship Uberalles (2001), Defi Du Seuil (2019)
Henry VIII Novices' Chase - (1) Fair Along (2006)
Finale Juvenile Hurdle - (1) Defi Du Seuil (2016)
Challow Novices' Hurdle - (3) Bonanza Boy (1987). Fingal Bay (2012), Thyme Hill (2020)
Clarence House Chase - (1) Defi Du Seuil (2020)
Scilly Isles Novices' Chase - (2) Defi Du Seuil (2019), Sporting John (2021)
Ascot Chase - (1) Captain Chris (2014)
Manifesto Novices' Chase - (2) Wishfull Thinking (2011), Menorah (2012)
Anniversary 4-Y-O Novices' Hurdle - (2) Detroit City (2006), Defi Du Seuil (2017)
Top Novices' Hurdle - (3) Phardante Flyer (2000), Ilico II (2001), In Contrast (2002)
Mildmay Novices' Chase - (1) What's Up Boys (2001)
Liverpool Hurdle - (1) Thyme Hill (2021)
Welsh Grand National Dream Alliance 2009
Ireland
Punchestown Gold Cup - (1) Planet of Sound (2010)
Punchestown Champion Chase - (1) Flagship Uberalles (2003)
Ryanair Novice Chase - (1) Captain Chris (2011)
References
BBC website profile
Hobbs' horses to follow
Living people
1955 births
British horse trainers
Kalateh-ye Ahmad (, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Aḩmad) is a village in Dughayi Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 69, in 24 families.
References
Populated places in Quchan County
Mürseller is a village in the Karamanlı district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Karamanlı District
Squamous-cell carcinomas (SCCs), also known as epidermoid carcinomas, comprise a number of different types of cancer that begin in squamous cells. These cells form on the surface of the skin, on the lining of hollow organs in the body, and on the lining of the respiratory and digestive tracts.
Common types include:
Squamous-cell skin cancer: A type of skin cancer
Squamous-cell carcinoma of the lung: A type of lung cancer
Squamous-cell thyroid carcinoma: A type of thyroid cancer
Esophageal squamous-cell carcinoma: A type of esophageal cancer
Squamous-cell carcinoma of the vagina: A type of vaginal cancer
Despite sharing the name "squamous-cell carcinoma", the SCCs of different body sites can show differences in their presented symptoms, natural history, prognosis, and response to treatment.
By body location
Human papillomavirus infection has been associated with SCCs of the oropharynx, lung, fingers, and anogenital region.
Head and neck cancer
About 90% of cases of head and neck cancer (cancer of the mouth, nasal cavity, nasopharynx, throat and associated structures) are due to SCC.
Skin
Squamous cell carcinoma of the skin is the second most common skin cancer, accounting for over 1 million cases in the United States each year.
Thyroid
Primary squamous-cell thyroid carcinoma shows an aggressive biological phenotype resulting in poor prognosis for patients.
Esophagus
Esophageal cancer may be due to either esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC) or adenocarcinoma (EAC). SCCs tend to occur closer to the mouth, while adenocarcinomas occur closer to the stomach. Dysphagia (difficulty swallowing, solids worse than liquids) and painful swallowing are common initial symptoms. If the disease is localized, surgical removal of the affected esophagus may offer the possibility of a cure. If the disease has spread, chemotherapy and radiotherapy are commonly used.
Lung
When associated with the lung, it is typically a centrally located large-cell cancer (nonsmall-cell lung cancer). It often has a paraneoplastic syndrome causing ectopic production of parathyroid hormone-related protein, resulting in hypercalcemia, but paraneoplastic syndrome is more commonly associated with small-cell lung cancer. It is primarily due to smoking.
Penis
Human papillomavirus (HPV), primarily HPV 16 and 18, are strongly implicated in the development of SCC of the penis.
Three carcinomas in situ are associated with SCCs of the penis:
Bowen's disease presents as leukoplakia on the shaft. Around a third of cases progress to SCC.
Erythroplasia of Queyrat, a variation of Bowen's disease, presents as erythroplakia on the glans.
Bowenoid papulosis, which histologically resembles Bowen disease, presents as reddish papules.
Prostate
When associated with the prostate, squamous-cell carcinoma is very aggressive in nature. It is difficult to detect as no increase in prostate-specific antigen levels is seen, meaning that the cancer is often diagnosed at an advanced stage.
Vagina and cervix
Vaginal SCC spreads slowly and usually stays near the vagina, but may spread to the lungs and liver. This is the most common type of vaginal cancer.
Bladder
Most bladder cancer is transitional cell, but bladder cancer associated with schistosomiasis is often SCC.
Diagnosis
Medical history, physical examination and medical imaging may suggest a squamous cell carcinoma, but a biopsy for histopathology generally establishes the diagnosis. TP63 staining is the main histological marker for Squamous cell carcinoma. In addition, TP63 is an essential transcription factor to establish squamous cell identity.
Classification
Cancer can be considered a very large and exceptionally heterogeneous family of malignant diseases, with squamous cell carcinomas comprising one of the largest subsets. All SCC lesions are thought to begin via the repeated, uncontrolled division of cancer stem cells of epithelial lineage or characteristics. SCCs arise from squamous cells, which are flat cells that line many areas of the body. Some of which are keratinocytes. Accumulation of these cancer cells causes a microscopic focus of abnormal cells that are, at least initially, locally confined within the specific tissue in which the progenitor cell resided. This condition is called squamous cell carcinoma in situ, and it is diagnosed when the tumor has not yet penetrated the basement membrane or other delimiting structure to invade adjacent tissues. Once the lesion has grown and progressed to the point where it has breached, penetrated, and infiltrated adjacent structures, it is referred to as "invasive" squamous cell carcinoma. Once a carcinoma becomes invasive, it is able to spread to other organs and cause the formation of a metastasis, or "secondary tumor".
Tissue of origin
The International Classification of Diseases for Oncology (ICD-O) system lists a number of morphological subtypes and variants of malignant squamous cell neoplasms, including:
Papillary thyroid carcinoma (code 8050/3)
Verrucous squamous cell carcinoma (code 8051/3)
Papillary squamous cell carcinoma (code 8052/3)
Squamous cell carcinoma (code 8070/3)
Large-cell keratinizing squamous cell carcinoma (code 8071/3)
Large-cell nonkeratinizing squamous cell carcinoma (code 8072/3)
Small-cell keratinizing squamous cell carcinoma (code 8073/3)
Spindle-cell squamous cell carcinoma (code 8074/3) It is also known as spindle-cell carcinoma, and is a subtype characterized by spindle-shaped atypical cells.
Adenoid/pseudoglandular squamous cell carcinoma (code 8075/3)
Intraepidermal squamous cell carcinoma (code 8081/3)
Lymphoepithelial carcinoma (code 8082/3)
Other variants of SCCs are recognized under other systems, such as keratoacanthoma.
Other histopathologic subtypes
Erythroplasia of Queyrat
Marjolin's ulcer is a type of SCC that arises from a nonhealing ulcer or burn wound. More recent evidence, however, suggests that genetic differences exist between SCC and Marjolin's ulcer, which were previously underappreciated.
One method of classifying squamous cell carcinomas is by their appearance under microscope. Subtypes may include:
Adenoid squamous cell carcinoma (also known as pseudoglandular squamous cell carcinoma) is characterized by a tubular microscopic pattern and keratinocyte acantholysis.
Basaloid squamous cell carcinoma is characterized by a predilection for the tongue base.
Clear-cell squamous cell carcinoma (also known as clear-cell carcinoma of the skin) is characterized by keratinocytes that appear clear as a result of hydropic swelling.
Signet ring-cell squamous cell carcinoma (occasionally rendered as signet ring-cell squamous cell carcinoma) is a histological variant characterized by concentric rings composed of keratin and large vacuoles corresponding to markedly dilated endoplasmic reticulum. These vacuoles grow to such an extent that they radically displace the cell nucleus toward the cell membrane, giving the cell a distinctive superficial resemblance to a "signet ring" when viewed under a microscope.
Prevention
Studies have found evidences for an association between diet and skin cancers, including SCC. The consumption of high-fat dairy foods increases SCC tumor risk in people with previous skin cancer. Green leafy vegetables may help prevent development of subsequent SCC and multiple studies found that raw vegetables and fruits are significantly protective against SCC risk. On the other hand, consumption of whole milk, yogurt, and cheese may increase SCC risk in susceptible people. In addition, meat and fat dietary pattern can increase the risk of SCC in people without a history of SCC, but the association is again more prominent in people with a history of skin cancer. Tobacco smoking and a dietary pattern characterized by high beer and liquor intake also increase the risk of SCC significantly.
References
Cancer
Oncology
Epithelium
The Operations Support Branch (O.S.B.) is a unit of the cyber-intelligence division of the Central Intelligence Agency (C.I.A.). It is located on the ninth floor of a secret facility in the suburbs of northern Virginia, west of Washington, D.C. Patrick Radden Keefe described the O.S.B. as the CIA's "secret hacker unit, in which a cadre of élite engineers create cyberweapons" in a June 2022 article for The New Yorker.
The O.S.B. specialises in physical access operations in 'physical access' is gained to electronic devices owned by high value individual targets such as foreign government officials and terrorists. The O.S.B. is able to quickly develop tools that can be utilised in cyberintelligence missions at short notice.
The O.S.B. was filled with workspace pranks, like stealing coworkers things, name calling, shoving matches, rubber band and Nerf gun wars. Asked if they were aware of this, the former head of C.I.A.'s Center for Cyber Intelligence Bonnie Stith said they were not.
The employees of the O.S.B. numbered about a dozen in the 2010s. Radden Keefe described the extreme secrecy of the O.S.B. at this period as resulting in staff unable to " ... take work home, or talk with anyone on the outside about what they did all day. Their office was a classified sanctum, a locked vault. Like the crew of a submarine, they forged strong bonds—and strong antagonisms". The software engineer Joshua Schulte was employed by the O.S.B. from 2010 to 2016. They were convicted of being the leaker of the Vault 7 documents which detail electronic surveillance and cyber warfare tools developed by the C.I.A. Schulte was nicknamed 'Voldemort' during their time at the O.S.B. The leak and publication of the Vault 7 documents was a significant blow to the C.I.A., a senior official likened it to the 'digital' equivalent of the attack on Pearl Harbor in its scope and fallout.
References
Central Intelligence Agency domestic surveillance operations
Computer surveillance
Cyberwarfare
Hacking in the 2010s
Simona Halep defeated Elena Bogdan in the final, 6–4, 6–7(3–7), 6–2 to win the girls' singles tennis title at the 2008 French Open. Halep would go on to win the women's title for their maiden major title ten years later.
Alizé Cornet was the reigning champion, but did not compete in the juniors that year.
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
References
External links
Draw
Qualifying draw
Girls' Singles
French Open, 2008 Girls' Singles
The National Redemption Council (NRC) was the ruling Ghana military government from 13 January 1972 to 9 October 1975. Its chairperson was Colonel I. K. Acheampong, who was thus also the head of state of Ghana.
Duration of rule
The NRC came into power through a bloodless coup d'état, led by Acheampong, which overthrew the democratically elected Progress Party (PP) government of Dr. K. A. Busia, taking place while Dr. Busia was in the United Kingdom for medical reasons. The constitution was suspended and all political parties banned. One of the main grievances leading to the coup had been the currency devaluations undertaken under the PP regime.
13 January 1972
Acheampong is reported to have been promoted to Colonel just two days prior to the coup to "secure their loyalty" for the Busia government. They were also the commander of the First Infantry Brigade at the time, (now Southern Command of the Ghana Army). They collaborated with three officers, Major Agbo, Major Baah and Major Selormey whose military units were vital for the bloodless coup. Agbo is quoted as stating that Acheampong was brought in at the latter stages to support the coup. Agbo was the second-in-command of the First Infantry Battalion at Tema, Selormey was the second-in-command of the armored regiment and Baah was the second-in-command of the Fifth Infantry Battalion in Accra. Acheampong stated in the nationwide broadcast to announce the coup that: I bring you good tidings; Busia's hypocrisy has been detected. We, in the Ghana Armed Forces, have today taken over the Government from Busia and their ruling Progress Party. With immediate effect, the Constitution is withdrawn, Parliament is dissolved, the Progress Party and all political parties are banned.
9 October 1975
On 9 October 1975, the NRC was replaced by the Supreme Military Council. Its composition consisted of Acheampong, the chairperson, who was also promoted straight from Colonel to General. The others included the military hierarchy including all military service commanders such as Lt. Gen. Akuffo the Chief of Defence Staff, and the army, navy, air force and Border Guards commanders respectively. Some officers were promoted, some changed portfolios and many others were dropped. The Commanders of the First and Second Infantry Brigades of the Ghana Army were also included. It is thought that this coup removed Agbo, Baah and Selormey whom Acheampong had begun to see as a threat. It also made the various service commanders in charge of both the military and the state as there had been some tensions between relatively junior officers in government and the senior commanders of the Armed Forces.
Programmes
The NRC government embarked on various programmes to help improve the economy. One of its most successful was the 'Operation Feed Yourself' programme which encouraged self-reliance on home-grown food by encouraging both large scale and small scale farming. This started well but is ultimately seen as a failure in the end. It was during this era that the National Pledge was also introduced. This was to be recited on national occasions. The government also revalued the national currency which had been devalued by the Busia government by 42 per cent. It also repudiated some of the national debt in February 1972. On 4 August 1974, the 'Operation Keep Right' was implemented which changed Ghana's road traffic from driving on the left as introduced by the United Kingdom to driving on the right in harmony with its neighbouring West African states where traffic circulation was on the right. This was supervised by Akuffo who was the Border Guards commander at the time. The NRC government also implemented the official conversion of units of measurement in the country to the metric system on 1 September 1975.
Foiled coup attempts
There were several attempts to overthrow the NRC government. None of them resulted in bloodshed. In November 1972, 8 people were found guilty by a military tribunal for plotting to overthrow the government. They were Staff Sergeant S. J. Opon-Nyantekyi, Daniel D. O. Attakora, Emil W. K. Adzima who was the former press secretary to Kofi Busia, George K. A. Ofosu-Amaah, who was a senior lecturer in law at the University of Ghana and Director of the Special Branch (national intelligence unit) in the Busia regime, Private C. Adu Boateng, Sergeant W. Agyare, Private K. Oduro and Sergeant G. Nimako.
In August 1973, Kojo Botsio, a minister in the Nkrumah CPP government together with others was arrested for planning to overthrow the government.
In December 1973, three out of five accused persons were found guilty of subversion by a military tribunal. The guilty were Imoru Ayarna, former leader of the disbanded People's Action Party, Kojo Botsio and John Tettegah. Albert Kwaku Owusu-Boateng was jailed for 30 years for concealing the plot while Air Force Major Alexander A. Awuviri was acquitted and discharged.
In 1976, a coup plot referred to as the "One Man One Matchet" coup was foiled. The plotters included Brigadier Khattah, the leader, who escaped arrest and the others were Kojo Tsikata, a retired Ghana Army captain, Victor Latzoo, a retired lieutenant in the Ghana Army, Staff Sergeant Godfried K. Amereka, Warrant Officer H. Raphael Nyatepeh, Captain Gustav K. Banini, Corporal John Gbeeze, Francis Agboada and Michael Hamenoo. Tsikata, Staff Sergeant Godfried Amereka, Warrant Officer Raphael Nyatepeh, Francis Agboada and Michael Hamenoo were sentenced to death. Two others were sentenced to eighteen years in jail.
Members of the NRC
The NRC was made up of Acheampong, the various service commanders of the Ghana Armed Forces, the Inspector General of Police, four other army officers of the rank of Major and a civilian who was the Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice.
Some programmes of the NRC
The NRC introduced the Ghana National Pledge.
Operation Feed Yourself - an Agricultural campaign for national self-sufficiency in food supplies.
Operation Keep Right - The changeover from driving on the left to the right which occurred on August 4, 1974.
Notes
Sources and external links
Members of NRC on WorldStatesMan.org
The National Redemption Council(NRC) Charter
Military of Ghana
Military coups in Ghana
Politics of Ghana
Government of Ghana
1975 in Ghana
1972 establishments in Ghana
1975 disestablishments
1970s coups d'état and coup attempts
Military dictatorships
is a 2015 Japanese streaming television drama developed by Fuji Television for Netflix. It is a coming of age drama set in a small high-class lingerie design house called Emotion, which is based in Tokyo's Ginza district. The drama centres around Mayuko Tokita, a new employee, and their struggle to find their place at Emotion.
Central to that struggle is their relationship with Mayumi Nanjo the creator and owner of Emotion, who has been compared to Anna Wintour, an editor of American Vogue.
Cast and characters
The main cast includes:
Mirei Kiritani as a "fabric geek" who joins Emotion in the first episode.
Mao Daichi as , the founder and president of Emotion. They eschew mass production in favour of one-off and limited production.
Mayuko Kawakita as , best friend of Mayuko who works for a wedding dress company and started work the same day as Mayuko.
Wakana Sakai as , a senior lingerie designer at Emotion. They originally left Emotion to start their own brand but later returns to the company.
(海東健 Kaitō Ken) as , the office manager. Cool on the outside, they joined Emotion because they were passionate about the way Nanjo did business.
Maiko as Fumika Iida, a senior lingerie designer at Emotion, who leaves the company to join one of their competitors.
(千葉雅子 Chiba Masako) as , Nanjo's most trusted employee, who also takes Mayuko under their wing when they first arrive at the company.
Dori Sakurada as , assistant to Jin. They later resigns from Emotion to save the company from bankruptcy and pursue their own career.
(石田ニコル Ishida Nikoru) as , a down on their luck model, who Mayuko befriends. Later in the series, Machida finds success as a supermodel.
Toshi Takeuchi as Naomichi Kaji, a young man who later joined Emotion as a part-timer. They develop a crush on Mayuko.
Hisahiro Ogura as Mr. Yamazaki, the manager of Shikishima Coffee, where Mayuko and Yuri occasionally hang out. They and Nanjo knew each other back in high school.
Megumi Sato as Rin Nakatani, a manager of a Carolina Herrera store who does some business with Emotion.
Episodes
References
External links
Japanese-language Netflix original programming
Japanese drama television series
Films with screenplays by Naoko Adachi
2015 Japanese television series debuts
2015 Japanese television series endings
Fuji TV dramas
The 2015 Villanova Wildcats football team represented Villanova University in the 2015 NCAA Division I FCS football season. They were led by 31st-year head coach Andy Talley and played their home games at Villanova Stadium. They were a member of the Colonial Athletic Association. They finished the season 6–5, 5–3 in CAA play to finish in a three-way tie for fourth place.
Schedule
Game summaries
at UConn
at Fordham
Delaware
Penn
William & Mary
at Albany
at Towson
Maine
at Rhode Island
Richmond
at James Madison
Ranking movements
References
Villanova
Villanova Wildcats football seasons
Villanova Wildcats football
James Edwin Thorold Rogers (23 March 1823 – 14 October 1890), known as Thorold Rogers, was an English economist, historian and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1880 to 1886. They deployed historical and statistical methods to analyse some of the key economic and social questions in Victorian England. As an advocate of free trade and social justice they distinguished themselves from some others within the English Historical School.
Background and formative years
Rogers was born at West Meon, Hampshire the son of George Vining Rogers and their wife Mary Ann Blyth, daughter of John Blyth. They were educated at King's College London and Magdalen Hall, Oxford. After taking a first-class degree in 1846, they received their MA in 1849 from Magdalen and was ordained. A High Church man, they were curated of St. Paul's in Oxford, and acted voluntarily as assistant curate at Headington from 1854 to 1858, until their views changed and they turned to politics. Rogers was instrumental in obtaining the Clerical Disabilities Relief Act, of which they were the first beneficiary, becoming the first man legally to withdraw from their clerical vows in 1870.
For some time the classics were the chief field of their activity. They devoted themselves to classical and philosophical tuition in Oxford with success, and their publications included an edition of Aristotle's Ethics (in 1865).
Anecdotes
The Victorian journalist George W. E. Russell (1853–1919) relates an exchange between Rogers and Benjamin Jowett (Fifteen Chapters of Autobiography, 1914, 111–2) :
'Another of our Professors – J. E. Thorold Rogers – though perhaps scarcely a celebrity, was well known outside Oxford, partly because they were the first person to relinquish the clerical character under the Act of 1870, partly because of their really learned labours in history and economics, and partly because of their Rabelaisian humour. They were fond of writing sarcastic epigrams, and of reciting them to their friends, and this habit produced a characteristic retort from Jowett. Rogers had only an imperfect sympathy with the historians of the new school, and thus derided the mutual admiration of Green and Freeman —
"Where, ladling butter from a large tureen,
See blustering Freeman butter blundering Green."
To which Jowett replied, in their quavering treble, "That's a false antithesis, Rogers. It's quite possible to bluster and blunder, too!"'
Political economy
Simultaneously with these occupations they had been studying economics. They became the first Tooke Professor of Statistics and Economic Science at King's College London, from 1859 until their death. During this time they also held the Drummond professorship of political economy at All Souls College, Oxford between 1862 and 1867, when Bonamy Price was elected in their stead. In this they became a friend and follower of Richard Cobden, an advocate for free trade, non-intervention in Europe and an end to imperial expansion, whom they met during their first tenure as Drummond professor. Rogers said of Cobden, "he knew that ... political economy ... was, or ought to be, eminently inductive, and that an economist without facts is like an engineer without materials or tools." Rogers had a wealth of facts at their disposal: their most influential works were the 6-volume History of Agriculture and Prices in England from 1259 to 1795 and Six Centuries of Work and Wages; they spent 20 years collecting facts for the latter work.
They served as President of the first day of the 1875 Co-operative Congress. They were elected Liberal Member of Parliament (MP) for Southwark in 1880 and held the seat until it was divided under the Redistribution of Seats Act 1885. At the 1885 general election they were elected MP for Bermondsey and held the seat until 1886. Rogers also lectured in political economy at Worcester College, Oxford in 1883 and was re-elected Drummond professor in 1888.
Works
A History of Agriculture and Prices in England from 1259 to 1793 (1866–1902), 7 vols. I, II (1866), III, IV (1882), V, VI (1887), VII, Part I, VII, Part II (1902)
Speeches on questions of public policy by John Bright, M.P. Preface by James E. Thorold Rogers, editor. 2 vols. London: Macmillan and Co. (1868)
Adam Smith, An Inquiry into the Nature and Causes of the Wealth of Nations, 2 vols. (1869); revised edition (1880); online at Osmania University, Digital Library of India, Internet Archive. Preface by Thorold Rogers pp. v–xxx1x and v. II (1869)
Historical Gleanings, A Series of Sketches (Montagu, Walpole, Adam Smith, Cobbett), London : Macmillan (1869)
Speeches on Questions of Public Policy by Richard Cobden, M.P., Edited by John Bright and James E. Thorold Rogers, London, T. Fisher Unwin (1870). Preface by Thorold Rogers. v. 1 v. 2 ; third ed. (1908) online at Library of Economics and Liberty
Cobden and Modern Political Opinion. Essays on certain political topics, London, Macmillan (1873) online.
A Complete Collection of the Protests of the Lords: With Historical Introductions, Vol. 1 1624–1741. Oxford, Clarendon Press; London, Macmillan & Co. (1875) online. vol. 2. 1741–1825; vol. 3. 1826–1874.
Public Addresses by John Bright, M.P., ed. James E. Thorold Rogers, Preface by Thorold Rogers, pp. v–xi. 2nd ed., revised. London, Macmillan (1879) online.
Six Centuries of Work and Wages: The History of English Labour 2 vols. London, Swan Sonnenschein (1884) – McMaster. online.
The First Nine Years of the Bank of England, London, Macmillan (1887) Internet Archive, online.
The Relations of Economic Science to Social and Political Action. London: Swan Sonnenschein (1888).
The Economic Interpretation of History London, G.P. Putnam's Sons (1888); T. Fisher Unwin (1909).
Holland. London, T. Fisher Unwin (1888); New York, G.P. Putnam's Sons (1889)
The Industrial and Commercial History of England: Lectures Delivered to the University of Oxford, ed. Arthur G. L. Rogers. New York, G. P. Putnam, 1892. Google Books, online.
Family
Rogers married Ann Susannah Charlotte Reynolds, daughter of Henry Revell Reynolds, Treasury Solicitor, in December 1854. They had a daughter, Annie Mary Anne Henley Rogers, who was an active supporter of the Liberal party, higher education for women and women's suffrage. Between December 1850 and January 1853 (her death), they had been married to Anna, only daughter of William Peskett, surgeon, of Petersfield, Hampshire.
Notes
References
W. J. Ashley, "James E. Thorold Rogers" Political Science Quarterly (1889) pp. 381–407. in JSTOR
Kadish, Alon. Historians, Economists, and Economic History (2012) pp 3–35 excerpt
External links
The grave of Rogers in St Sepulchre's Cemetery, Oxford, with biography
1823 births
1890 deaths
Alumni of King's College London
Alumni of Magdalen Hall, Oxford
Academics of King's College London
Fellows of King's College London
Economic historians
English economists
English historical school of economics
Politics of the London Borough of Southwark
Liberal Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
UK MPs 1880–1885
UK MPs 1885–1886
Presidents of Co-operative Congress
Drummond Professors of Political Economy
Burials at St Sepulchre's Cemetery
Mob Wives Chicago was an American reality television series that premiered on VH1 on June 10, 2012. Developed as a spin-off of Mob Wives, with a new cast based in Chicago, Illinois.
On May 7, 2012, the introduction for the show was filmed behind Chicago's Cassidy Tire on Canal Street.
On April 29, 2012, the first promo for the show aired, during an episode of the original series. On May 27, 2012, a preview special of the series aired after the second season Mob Wives reunion special.
On October 14, 2012, cast member Pia Rizza tweeted that "#MobWivesChicago is over now I don't see the need to keep reliving the drama that killed the showtime 2 moves forward new chapter new time," confirming that Mob Wives Chicago had been canceled.
Cast
Pia Rizza is the daughter of Vincent Rizza, who worked for The Chicago Outfit, then subsequently testified against them and entered the Federal Witness Protection Program.
Nora Schweihs is the daughter of the late Frank "The German" Schweihs, who was a notorious and feared hitman for the Chicago Mafia.
Renee Fecarotta Russo is a niece of the now deceased "Big John" Fecarotta, who raised them and was also a loan collector and hitman for the Mafia.
Christina Scoleri is the daughter of Raymond Janek, a one-time thief and fence for the Chicago Outfit.
Leah DeSimone is the daughter of Wolf DeSimone, a reputed mafia associate.
Recurring
Giana is Renee's 20-year-old daughter. Them father is serving life in prison for murder. Despite Renee's disagreement, Giana remains in contact with their father.
Julie is Nora's best friend from Florida who is the only one that met their father. Also a psychic medium.
Bella Rizza is Pia's teenage daughter.
Dave is Renee's boyfriend, business partner, and one of Pia's acquaintances.
Sheila Gambino is Pia's friend and niece of Carlo "Don Carlo" Gambino.
Episodes
International broadcast
In the UK it aired on ITVBe. In Australia the series premiered on Arena on May 2, 2015.
References
External links
2010s American reality television series
2012 American television series debuts
2012 American television series endings
English-language television shows
VH1 original programming
Television shows set in Chicago
Reality television spin-offs
Television series by The Weinstein Company
American television spin-offs
History of women in Illinois
Singatrichona is a monotypic genus of southeast Asian sheet weavers containing the single species, Singatrichona longipes. It was first described by A. V. Tanasevitch in 2019, and it has only been found in Singapore.
See also
List of Linyphiidae species (Q–Z)
References
Monotypic Linyphiidae genera
Arthropods of Singapore
Charles Adam Ott Jr. (September 26, 1920 – December 9, 2006) was a United States Army major general who served as commander of the 40th Armored Division and 40th Infantry Division, and director of the Army National Guard.
Early life
Charles Adam Ott Jr. was born on September 26, 1920, in Santa Barbara, California, the son of Charles Adam Ott Sr. and Leona Elizabeth (Theote) Ott. They attended the public schools of Santa Barbara and was a 1937 graduate of Santa Barbara High School. Ott graduated from Stanford University with a Bachelor of Arts degree in economics in 1941 and was the Honor Graduate of their Reserve Officers' Training Corps class.
World War II
Commissioned as a second lieutenant of artillery, Ott completed the Artillery Officer Basic Course in 1941, the Artillery Officer Advanced Course in 1942, and the United States Army Command and General Staff College in 1943.
Ott served in Europe during the war, first with the 76th Field Artillery Battalion, including assignments as battery commander, battalion operations and training officer (S-3), executive officer, and commander. They later served as operations and training officer for the 18th Field Artillery Group, and carried out an assignment in California on the staff of the Sixth United States Army. They were a lieutenant colonel when they were discharged in 1946.
Interbellum
After the war, Ott returned to Santa Barbara and pursued a business career as an executive of their family's business, Ott Hardware, and they became the company's president upon the retirement of their father. They also served as president of Sterling Supply Corporation and Channel Properties, Incorporated.
Ott continued their military career with the California Army National Guard as commander of the 981st Field Artillery Battalion.
Korean War
In 1950, Ott was called to federal service with the 40th Infantry Division for the Korean War. They served as commander of the division artillery, and received a promotion to colonel.
Senior command
In 1952, Ott was promoted to brigadier general as commander of the 40th Armored Division Artillery.
Ott was assigned as assistant division commander of the 40th Armored Division in 1958. In 1960, they were promoted to major general and assigned as commander of the 40th Armored Division.
In August, 1965, Ott commanded the division when it was activated in response to the Watts Riots.
Ott also served as commander of the California National Guard's Southern Emergency Operations Center and commander of the 79th Rear Area Operations Support Center.
In 1969 they commanded National Guard members activated in response to flooding in Santa Barbara County and other areas of Southern California.
In 1971, they were named deputy commander of the California National Guard, and in January 1974, they received an appointment as commander of the 40th Infantry Division.
In 1974, Ott was appointed director of the Army National Guard, serving until their 1978 retirement.
Ott's awards included the Army Distinguished Service Medal, Legion of Merit, Bronze Star Medal, Air Medal, and Army Commendation Medal.
Later career
After retiring from the military, Ott served as director of the Arizona Division of Emergency Services.
Ott died at Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital on December 9, 2006.  They are buried at Santa Barbara Cemetery, Summit Lot 683, Grave 03.
Family
In February 1943, Ott married Patricia Jane Parrish. They were the parents of three children—Lesley Jane, Chris, and Mila Lee.
References
External links
Charles A. Ott Jr. at Santa Barbara High School Alumni Association
1920 births
2006 deaths
United States Army generals
National Guard (United States) generals
United States Army personnel of World War II
United States Army personnel of the Korean War
Recipients of the Distinguished Service Medal (US Army)
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
Recipients of the Air Medal
United States Army Command and General Staff College alumni
Stanford University alumni
People from Santa Barbara, California
Military personnel from California
The 1961 FIBA European Championship, commonly called FIBA EuroBasket 1961, was the twelfth FIBA EuroBasket regional basketball championship, held by FIBA Europe. Nineteen national teams affiliated with the International Basketball Federation (FIBA) entered the competition. The tournament was hosted by Yugoslavia, and was held at the Belgrade City Fair.
First round
Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
Group E
Group F
Second round
Group 1
Group 2
Classification Round
Group 1
Group 2
13th-16th place classification playoffs
17th-19th place classification playoffs
Final round
Medals Round
5th-8th place playoffs
9th-12th place playoffs
Final standings
Team rosters
1. Soviet Union: Jānis Krūmiņš, Gennadi Volnov, Valdis Muižnieks, Maigonis Valdmanis, Viktor Zubkov, Armenak Alachachian, Yuri Korneev, Vladimir Ugrekhelidze, Aleksander Petrov, Aleksander Kandel, Viacheslav Novikov, Albert Valtin (Coach: Stepan Spandaryan)
2. Yugoslavia: Radivoj Korać, Ivo Daneu, Slobodan Gordić, Radovan Radović, Nemanja Đurić, Vital Eiselt, Sreten Dragojlović, Marjan Kandus, Miha Lokar, Miodrag Nikolić, Zvonko Petričević, Željko Troskot (Coach: Aleksandar Nikolić)
3. Bulgaria: Viktor Radev, Mincho Dimov, Ljubomir Panov, Georgi Panov, Atanas Atanasov, Ilija Mirchev, Petko Lazarov, Tsvetko Savov, Khristo Tsvetkov, Khristo Donev, Radko Zlatev, Stefan Stojkov (Coach: Veselin Temkov)
4. France: Jean-Paul Beugnot, Henri Grange, Christian Baltzer, Bernard Mayeur, Michel Rat, Lucien Sedat, Jerome Christ, Michel House, Michel le Ray, Andre Goisbault, Jean-Claude Vergne, Andre Souvre (Coach: André Buffière)
References
External links
EuroBasket 1961 archive.fiba.com
1961
1960–61 in European basketball
1961 in Yugoslav basketball
International basketball competitions hosted by Yugoslavia
International sports competitions in Belgrade
1960s in Belgrade
April 1961 sports events in Europe
May 1961 sports events in Europe
1961 in Serbia
Basketball in Belgrade
Keladighat Bridge is a motor-able bridge over Kali Gandaki river in Keladighat of Syangja District, Gandaki Zone and Gandakidhik of Palpa District , Lumbini Zone, Western Region, Nepal. 166.6 meter long and 4.25 meter wide bridge is completed now.
Gallery
References
External links
http://www.ekantipur.com
http://www.ekantipur.com/tkp/
Bridges in Nepal
2014 establishments in Nepal
Tioga is an unincorporated community in Mahaska County, in the U.S. state of Iowa.
History
Tioga was platted in 1886. It was named after Tioga, Tioga County, Pennsylvania. A post office opened in Tioga in 1886 and closed in 1920.
Tioga's population was 30 in 1902, and 45 in 1925.
References
Unincorporated communities in Mahaska County, Iowa
1886 establishments in Iowa
Unincorporated communities in Iowa
Chipata District is a district of Zambia, located in Eastern Province. The capital lies at Chipata. As of the 2010 Zambian Census, the district had a population of 455,783 people.
Chipata City Centre is located about 600 km from Lusaka, the capital city of Zambia, on the Great East Road while it is only 110 km from Lilongwe, the capital city of Malawi. Thus, Chipata accesses its imports mainly from Nacala and Dar es Salaam ports in Mozambique and Tanzania respectively, all routes passing through Malawi to Mwami Border. The District has a firm foundation of being a trade centre dating back to the colonial era of the current Zambia, when it was called Fort Jameson and was the capital of North-Eastern Rhodesia up to 1911. This cornerstone has left the town as the hub of Eastern Province, by maintaining its position as a Provincial Headquarters. Chipata was declared a city on 24 February 2017 (no-longer a town).
Constituencies
Chipata District has two constituencies, namely Chipata Central and Luangeni.
References
Districts of Eastern Province, Zambia
A wire-frame model, also wireframe model, is a visual representation of a three-dimensional (3D) physical object used in 3D computer graphics. It is created by specifying each edge of the physical object where two mathematically continuous smooth surfaces meet, or by connecting an object's constituent vertices using (straight) lines or curves. The object is projected into screen space and rendered by drawing lines at the location of each edge. The term "wire frame" comes from designers using metal wire to represent the three-dimensional shape of solid objects. 3D wire frame computer models allow for the construction and manipulation of solids and solid surfaces. 3D solid modeling efficiently draws higher quality representations of solids than conventional line drawing.
Using a wire-frame model allows for the visualization of the underlying design structure of a 3D model. Traditional two-dimensional views and drawings/renderings can be created by the appropriate rotation of the object, and the selection of hidden line removal via cutting planes.
Since wire-frame renderings are relatively simple and fast to calculate, they are often used in cases where a relatively high screen frame rate is needed (for instance, when working with a particularly complex 3D model, or in real-time systems that model exterior phenomena). When greater graphical detail is desired, surface textures can be added automatically after the completion of the initial rendering of the wire frame. This allows a designer to quickly review solids, or rotate objects to different views without the long delays associated with more realistic rendering, or even the processing of faces and simple flat shading.
The wire frame format is also well-suited and widely used in programming tool paths for direct numerical control (DNC) machine tools.
Hand-drawn wire-frame-like illustrations date back as far as the Italian Renaissance. Wire-frame models were also used extensively in video games to represent 3D objects during the 1980s and early 1990s, when "properly" filled 3D objects would have been too complex to calculate and draw with the computers of the time. Wire-frame models are also used as the input for computer-aided manufacturing (CAM).
There are three main types of 3D computer-aided design (CAD) models; wire frame is the most abstract and least realistic. The other types are surface and solid. The wire-frame method of modelling consists of only lines and curves that connect the points or vertices and thereby define the edges of an object.
Simple example of wireframe model
An object is specified by two tables: (1) Vertex Table, and, (2) Edge Table.
The vertex table consists of three-dimensional coordinate values for each vertex with reference to the origin.
Edge table specifies the start and end vertices for each edge.
A naive interpretation could create a wire-frame representation by simply drawing straight lines between the screen coordinates of the appropriate vertices using the edge list.
Unlike representations designed for more detailed rendering, face information is not specified (it must be calculated if required for solid rendering).
Appropriate calculations have to be performed to transform the 3D coordinates of the vertices into 2D screen coordinates.
See also
Animation
3D computer graphics
Computer animation
Computer-generated imagery (CGI)
Mockup
Polygon mesh
Vector graphics
Virtual cinematography
References
Principles of Engineering Graphics by Maxwell Macmillan International Editions
ASME Engineer's Data Book by Clifford Matthews
Engineering Drawing by N.D. Bhatt
Texturing and Modeling by Davis S. Ebert
3D Computer Graphics by Alan Watt
Computer graphics data structures
3D imaging
Virtual reality
Turkish Billiards Federation (, TBF) is the governing body of the cue sports in Turkey. Founded on December 2, 2006, it is based in Ankara. The Turkish organization is member of the Confédération Européenne de Billard (CEB) and the Union Mondiale de Billard (UMB). Since May 2014, the TBF is chaired by Ersan Ercan.
The Turkish Billiard Federation organizes cue sports competitions at national, European and World level.
National level official competitions are:
Three-cushion billiards
Turkish Three-cushion Championship
Turkish Three-cushion First League
Turkish Three-cushion Teams Championship
Turkish Women"s Three-cushion Championship
Turkish Youth Three-cushion Championship
Pool
Turkish Pool Championship
Inter University Pool Tournament
Artistic billiards
Turkish Artistic billiards Championship
References
Federation
Billiard
Sports organizations established in 2006
Organizations based in Ankara
2006 establishments in Turkey
Cue sports governing bodies
Susie Forrest Swift (later, Sister M. Imelda Teresa, O.P.; June 10, 1862 – April 19, 1916) was an American Salvationist, and later, after converting to Catholicism, a Dominican nun. In both roles, they worked as a magazine editor.
Early life and education
Susie Teresa Forrest Swift was born in Amenia, New York, June 10, 1862. I parents, George Henry Paine, a lawyer, and Pamela (Forrest) Paine, were wealthy.
They were educated at Hillside Seminary, Bridgeport, Connecticut; and Vassar College (B.A., 1883), Poughkeepsie, New York, where they were a member of their college Phi Beta Kappa Society.
They developed a strong taste for literature, and while still in school, acquired an easy and graceful style of writing.
Swift came to believe that the then-existent system of awarding college honors at Vassar was unfair, and that it invariably led to deception, and sometimes fraud among the candidates, and so while yet an undergraduate, set themselves to agitate for its reform. They were besought to wait and do this as a post-graduate when, as an undoubted "honor girl" they could speak more decisively.
Career
Swift was a teacher in Morristown, New Jersey, 1883-84.
Immediately after graduation, Swift, with their older sister, Elizabeth Swift Brengle (1849-1915), sailed for Europe with a view to writing magazine articles, for both had decided to devote their lives to literary work. They worked as a journalist in London, 1884-85.
Salvation Army officer
While in Scotland, just for the fun of it, and possibly with a view of getting material for a story, the sisters decided on evening to attend a Salvation Army meeting in the slums of one of the larger towns, and that they might not attract too much attention, dressed themselves very plainly. The meeting was largely attended by rough men, and so abusive were they to the young woman in charge that the sympathies of Elizabeth were aroused, and without thinking of possible consequences and almost without the exercise of conscious volition upon them part, the sprange from their seat, went to the platform, stood beside the captain, and in the Scotch dialect which they had mastered, and spoke to the unruly crowd. Susie sat back in their seat amazed at their sister's act. Both sisters became "convicted of sin" at that meeting, and at a subsequent meeting were converted.
Swift, after going through the training school in London, returned to the U.S. to see their parents. As they landed from the steamer in New York, wearing the regulation Salvation Army uniform, they were met by their mother, who almost fainted as they looked upon their daughter. They burst into tears, and declared that they would rather see them dead than a member of the Salvation army, and it was many months later before the parents became reconciled to the choice of the lifework made by the two sisters.
Swift returned to London and was made editor of All the World, the international organ of the Salvation Army, and in that capacity made a tour of three continents. They also did a sergeant's work in the army corps in the suburbs of London where they lived, office work on the English Cry, and much miscellaneous literary work. They made it their special duty to alleviate the suffering of people in the slums in New York and in London. They labored and lectured for the Salvation Army for 12 years. They trained the officers for the organization at the International Training Home, London. Swift suggested to General William Booth the outline of their work, The "Darkest England" social scheme : a brief review of the first year's work (1891). While on furlough in the U.S. in 1893, they volunteered to work in Maine and Boston. In 1895, they established a home for waif boys in London. the Newsboys' Home in Fleet Street. They also served as National Auxiliary Secretary of the Salvation Army.
Swift wrote hundreds of stories and poems for Salvation Army publications. They were the first American woman to attain the rank of Major in the Salvation Army.
Catholic nun
After returning to the U.S. as secretary to Eva Booth, 1896-97. Swift decided to become a Roman Catholic, and, although they were strongly opposed by General Booth, went to the Paulist Fathers for instruction.
On March 4, 1896, Swift converted to Catholicism. From March 1897 to August 1898, they served as assistant editor of the Catholic World Magazine and editor of the Young Catholic.
Swift left their position as Brigadier in the Salvation Army, entered religious work on August 23, 1897, and in 1898, they entered the novitiate of the Dominican Sisters, as Sister M. Imelda Teresa, Albany. When they entered the order, they gave the care of their adopted daughter, Christobel, to Mrs. Rose Hawthorne Lathrop, Sister Rose, head of the Home for Incurables.
Swift took the white and finally the black veil. They served as a director of an orphanage in Havana, Cuba, 1900-02. They were the director of the Dominican College of Our Lady Help of Christians, Havana, Cuba, between June 1901 and October 1902, and again April 1902 to June 1909. From April 1904 to April 1905, they served as novice mistress of the Dominican congregation of St. Catherine di Ricci, of Albany, New York. They were later associated with a convent in Newport, Rhode Island.
They continued writing stories, poems, and articles in periodicals of different countries, including the Sunday Companion. Some of these works included, First Annual Report, The Darkest England, Social Work, as well as chapters in City of Peace and Some Roads to Rome in America.
Death
Sister M. Imelda Teresa died at Saint Clara College, Sinsinawa, Wisconsin, April 19, 1916, having been stationed them for three or four years.
Notes
References
1862 births
1916 deaths
People from Amenia, New York
American magazine editors
Women magazine editors
Salvation Army officers
Vassar College alumni
Dominican nuns
19th-century American writers
20th-century American writers
19th-century American women writers
20th-century American women writers
American Roman Catholic religious writers
Dillon Lawson is an American professional baseball hitting coach for the New York Yankees of Major League Baseball, beginning in 2022.
Lawson attended Transylvania University, where they played college baseball as a catcher and first baseman. After graduating, they became a coach at Lindenwood University from 2007 to 2009, IMG Academy from 2010 through 2011, and Morehead State University from 2009 through 2012, and Southeast Missouri State University from 2012 through 2015. In 2016, Lawson was the hitting coach for the Tri-City ValleyCats, and in 2017 they coached for the University of Missouri. In 2018, they coached for the Quad Cities River Bandits.
The New York Yankees hired Lawson as their minor league hitting coordinator in 2018. After the 2021 season, the Yankees promoted them to be their major league hitting coach.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Major League Baseball hitting coaches
New York Yankees coaches
Transylvania Pioneers baseball players
Lindenwood Lions coaches
Morehead State Eagles baseball coaches
Southeast Missouri State Redhawks baseball coaches
Missouri Tigers baseball coaches
High school baseball coaches in the United States
Harriet Hudson (born 22 January 1998) is an Australian national representative rower.  They are a three-time national senior champion, twice won silver medals at World U23 Championships and is an Olympian. They competed in the Australian women's quad scull at Tokyo 2021 winning a bronze medal.
Club and state rowing
Raised in Warwick, Queensland Hudson was schooled at Somerville House in Brisbane where they took up rowing. Them senior rowing has been from the Sydney Rowing Club.
Having relocated to Sydney for their tertiary studies Hudson became eligible to represent New South Wales at the Interstate Regatta and they rowed in the NSW senior women's eight contesting the Queen's Cup in 2017, 2018 2019 and 2022. The 2019 crew were victorious. In 2022 they were also selected as NSW's single sculling entrant and raced to victory in the Nell Slatter Trophy at the 2022 Interstate Regatta.
In Sydney Rowing Club colours Hudson contested and won all three U19 Australian national titles in the sculling boat classes at the 2016 Australian Rowing Championships. In 2017 they raced in the open class placing 2nd in the double-scull and winning their first senior national title in a composite quad scull with their national training partners. In 2018 they again placed in both the double and the quad at the Australian championships. In 2019 they contested all three national sculling titles in the U23 age division in their campaign for selection for the U23 World Championships. They won the double-scull national title with Giorgia Patten.
In 2021 Hudson won their second Australian senior national title in a composite quad with their Australian representative teammates Meredith, Cronin and Thompson. At the Australian Rowing Championships in 2022 they won another national title - the open women's coxed eight - in a composite Australian selection crew.
International representative rowing
Hudson made their Australian representative debut at the 2016 World Junior Rowing Championships in Rotterdam where they raced in the single scull to a sixth-place finish. In 2017 they were selected in the Australian U23 quad scull with Rowena Meredith, Caitlin Cronin and Genevieve Horton and raced to a silver medal at the World Rowing U23 Championships in Plovdiv, Bulgaria.
In 2018 Hudson and Ria Thompson raced at the World Rowing Cup III as a double-scull finishing 12th overall, two weeks later they rowed at the World U23 Rowing Championships in Poznan for a fifth-place finish. In 2019 Hudson teamed up with Patten and trained in Western Australia under coach Rhett Ayliffe. They were selected to row Australia's double-scull at the U23 World Championships in Sarasota-Bradenton where they won a silver medal behind Greece.
The Australian quad scull had raced in 2019 at World Cups and the World Championships but failed to qualify the boat for Tokyo. Before those delayed Tokyo Olympics at the final Olympic qualification regatta in Lucerne, Switzerland in May 2021 Hudson was selected with Meredith, Thompson and Caitlin Cronin to make a final attempt to qualify. Victories in their heat and final saw them secure an Olympic berth. In Tokyo Hudson rowed the three seat of the Australian quad. They placed fourth in their heat and then won the repechage to make the A final. They were behind the lead for much of the race but winds had blown up before the event and some crews struggled with their bladework in the chop. The Australian quad kept their composure and excellent technique and managed a bronze medal finish on the line.
In March 2022 Hudson was selected in the sculling squad of the broader Australian training team to prepare for the 2022 international season and the 2022 World Rowing Championships. They raced at the World Rowing Cup II in Poznan in the Australian women's quad scull to a fourth placing. At the 2022 World Rowing Championships at Racize, they rowed in the Australian quad scull to an overall sixth place finish.
References
1998 births
Australian female rowers
Living people
People from Queensland
Olympic rowers of Australia
Rowers at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Australia
Olympic medalists in rowing
21st-century Australian women
Phil Woods and their European Rhythm Machine at the Montreux Jazz Festival is a 1970 album by Phil Woods, produced by Johnny Pate.
Reception
Scott Yanow reviewed the album for Allmusic and wrote that Woods' European Rhythm Machine was "an adventurous unit that really challenged the altoist" and "one of the most underrated groups of the 1968-70 period". Yanow concluded that "It is very good to hear Phil Woods playing post-bop and almost avant-garde music for a change, but it is a pity that all of the intriguing group's recordings are currently out of print".
Track listing
"Capricci Cavaleschi" (George Gruntz) – 9:50
"I Remember Bird" (Leonard Feather) – 10:15
"Ad Infinitum" (Carla Bley) – 10:20
"Riot" (Herbie Hancock) – 5:12
Personnel
Phil Woods – alto saxophone
George Gruntz – piano
Henri Texier – double bass
Daniel Humair – drums
Johnny Pate – producer
References
1969 live albums
Albums recorded at the Montreux Jazz Festival
Albums produced by Johnny Pate
Phil Woods live albums
MGM Records live albums
Instrumental albums
Moshe Wertman (,
20 February 1924 – 2 October 2011) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Alignment and Labor Party between 1966 and 1977.
Biography
Born in Tomaszów Lubelski in Poland, Wertman joined Hashomer Hatzair in 1936, and was also a member of the Dror youth movement and Poalei Zion. In 1939 they moved to Lviv, before moving again to Tajikistan the following year, where they lived until 1946, when they returned to Poland.
In 1947 they made aliyah to Mandatory Palestine, where they joined the Haganah. In April 1948 they were injured during the battle for the Western Galilee. In the same year they joined Mapai, and served as secretary for the trade unions in Haifa Workers Council between 1949 and 1955, when they became Director of the branches department, a role they held until 1959. Between 1959 and 1969 they served as a member of the workers council's secretariat. In 1964 they became secretary of Mapai's Haifa district branch, and was on the Alignment list (an alliance of Mapai and Ahdut HaAvoda) for the Knesset elections the following year. Although they failed to win a seat, they entered the Knesset on 17 January 1966 as a replacement for Moshe Carmel, who had given up their seat after being appointed Minister of Transport. They were re-elected in 1969 and 1973, but lost their seat in the 1977 election. During their time in the Knesset they served as chairperson of the Alignment faction and chaired the governing coalition's directorate.
References
External links
1924 births
2011 deaths
People from Tomaszów Lubelski County
Polish emigrants to Mandatory Palestine
Hashomer Hatzair members
Haganah members
Israeli Labor Party politicians
Alignment (Israel) politicians
Jews in Mandatory Palestine
Members of the 6th Knesset (1965–1969)
Members of the 7th Knesset (1969–1974)
Members of the 8th Knesset (1974–1977)
Polish expatriates in the Soviet Union
Patton's Best is a World War II solitaire wargame. It was designed by Bruce Shelley and published by Avalon Hill in 1987.
The game puts the player in command of an M4 Sherman tank belonging to George Patton's
4th Armoured Division in Northern Europe.
The game is played on an abstract map which portraits hypotethical territory in Normandy, several
tables and a depiction of the tank, on which the player puts cardboard counters to indicate the
actions performed by each member of the crew, the kind of ammunition currently loaded in the main
gun, the current state of hatches, turret and gun orientation, and other information.
A game is played in turns, each one corresponding to 15 minutes of real time: when random die rolls indicate that combat occurs the action switches to combat rounds, during which the player directs
the actions of each crew member (driver, assistant driver, gunner, loader and commander himself)
moving the tank and firing its weapons, while the randomly determined enemy reacts with actions
determined by random die rolls influenced by what the player does.
The player wins by earning victory points by knocking out enemy units and capturing enemy
territory, and preventing the enemy doing so. After a game is over the player has a chance to
improve their tank, switching to a later or improved model, and to improve the skills of their crew.
The game is quite detailed in terms of single-tank warfare simulation, including rules for
machine guns, smoke deployment, target acquisition, enemy spotting, crew casualties.
Reviews
Casus Belli #43 (Feb 1988)
References
External links
Avalon Hill games
Board games introduced in 1987
World War II board wargames
North Fork Cross Creek is a long 3rd order tributary to Cross Creek in Washington County, Pennsylvania. This is the only stream of this name in the United States.
Course
North Fork Cross Creek rises about 0.5 miles west of Langeloth in Washington County and then flows south-southwest to join Cross Creek at Avella.
Watershed
North Fork Cross Creek drains of area, receives about 40.4 in/year of precipitation, has a wetness index of 334.43, and is about 53% forested.
See also
List of Rivers of Pennsylvania
References
Rivers of Pennsylvania
Rivers of Washington County, Pennsylvania
Michael Evans (born 3 August 1946, in West Bromwich) is an English former footballer who played as a full back in the Football League for Walsall, Swansea City and Crewe Alexandra. They then played for a number of non-league clubs including Worcester City, Stourbridge, Stafford Rangers, Halesowen Town and Rushall Olympic, and has scouted for various Midlands clubs.
References
External links
Profile at Walsall F.C.
1946 births
Living people
Sportspeople from West Bromwich
English footballers
Association football fullbacks
Walsall F.C. players
Swansea City A.F.C. players
Crewe Alexandra F.C. players
Worcester City F.C. players
Stourbridge F.C. players
Stafford Rangers F.C. players
Halesowen Town F.C. players
Rushall Olympic F.C. players
English Football League players
Liz Glynn (born 1981) is an American artist.  They are originally from Boston and now works out of Los Angeles. Much of their work is sculptural and installation-based, incorporating found objects and materials. Them work deals with institutional critique, collecting practices, antiquity, monument-building, and the concept of material value. Many of their installations encourage public engagement and participatory performance among their audiences.  They are represented by Paula Cooper Gallery in New York.
Early life and education
Glynn was born in Boston, Massachusetts. They received a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Visual and Environmental Studies at Harvard College in 2003 and a Masters of Fine Arts from the California Institute of the Arts in 2008.
Work
Sculptural work
Glynn is known for replicating objects of antiquity with histories that they have researched extensively using minimal materials and in a somewhat primitive manner. The works are not about perfect replication or recreating an object with equivalent material value; instead they are more interested in the subjective and historical contexts that imbue the originals with their collective—and in some ways, arbitrary—worth. In an interview with Machine Project they state, "...for me, the proposition is not only that you could make a bad copy, but that you can make the copy however you would like to make it. So in a sense you can literally re-materialize your own history." Them first solo project RANSOM ROOM took place June 2 - July 28, 2014 in SculptureCenter with an opening reception on Sunday June 1, 5 - 7 pm. Glynn uses history to create their artwork. According to Artsy, “Her works have inspired by topics spanning a broad chronological and geographical spectrum, including the Egyptian Revolution, Buckminster Fuller's Geodesic Domes, rare collections in the Metropolitan Museum, and the Trojan Empire.”
Installations
Similar to their sculptural work, Glynn's installations are composed of found and inexpensive materials and often index elements of political history, such as their installations that appear as public monuments. The underlying purpose of the installations is to engage their audiences both with the physical structure and with each other, providing a platform for social interaction. They have said of their installations, "Each of these projects reconstructs an epic narrative with 'poor' materials, and allows the audience to navigate through the space and situation through their own lived experience and conversations with fellow participants."
An example of their performative installations includes Black Box a speakeasy and official after-hours location for the Getty's Pacific Standard Time initiative. For 11 days, participants engaged in their licensed temporary bar in a vacant warehouse in West Hollywood. Similarly, their installation and pallet pyramid III invited audience participants to nine curated parties and performances that were decorated by Glynn's aesthetic of reconstructed antiquity.
Awards
Liz Glynn is the recipient of several awards including the Center for Cultural Innovation's Grant (2012), California Community Foundation Emerging Artist Fellowship (2010), and the Joan Mitchell Foundation Associate Artist Fellowship (2007). They won a Creative Capital award in 2016.
Exhibitions
Glynn has exhibited their work at LACMA, The Hammer Museum, The J. Paul Getty Museum, MOCA, L.A.C.E., and Frieze Art Fair.
Glynn participated in a series called 360 Speaker Series at the Nasher Sculpture Center.
References
https://www.nashersculpturecenter.org/programs-events/event/id/129
1981 births
Living people
Artists from Boston
Performance art in Los Angeles
Sculptors from Massachusetts
American installation artists
Harvard College alumni
California Institute of the Arts alumni
Kathy Yvonne Taylor (born May 6, 1961) is an American gospel musician and artist. They started their music career, in 1999 as Kathy Taylor-Brown, with the release of Taylormade by Aleho International. This album was their breakthrough on the Billboard magazine charts, which it placed on the Gospel Albums chart. Them second album, Live: The Worship Experience as Kathy Taylor, was released by Tyscot Records in 2009. The album placed on the Gospel Albums along with chartings on The Billboard 200 and Independent Albums charts.
Early life
Taylor was born on May 6, 1961, in Houston, Texas as Kathy Yvonne Taylor, and their mother is Doris, of whom they were the fourth child.
Music career
Them music career started in 1999, with the release of Taylormade under the name Kathy Taylor-Brown, on November 16, 1999 by Aleho International Music. This album was their breakthrough release on the Billboard magazine charts, placing on the Gospel Albums at No. 22. They released their second album with Tyscot Records on January 27, 2009, Live: The Worship Experience, and this charted on the asupervisorstioned chart at No. 6, along with chartings on The Billboard 200 at No. 190 and Independent Albums chart at No. 22.
Personal life
Taylor was married to Kenneth LaRue Brown, until their death in 2010.
Discography
Studio albums
References
External links
1961 births
Living people
African-American songwriters
African-American Christians
Musicians from Houston
Songwriters from Texas
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American people
Patrick Garry (born July 15, 1955), is an American law professor, author, and is the director of the Hagemann Center for Legal & Public Policy Research.
Early life and education
Patrick M. Garry attended the University of Minnesota where they subsequently earned their B.A., MA., J.D. and a Ph.D. in Constitutional History. Garry was a research scholar at the Freedom Forum Media Studies Center and a visiting scholar at Columbia University Law School. Garry served as the legal advisor to the Silha Center for Media Law and Ethics at the University of Minnesota. Garry also served as the legal counsel to the Minnesota News Council.
Academic career
In 2003, Garry became a Professor at the University of South Dakota School of Law. They later would become the research director of the Hagemann Center for Legal & Public Policy Research at the University.  They are a visiting professor at the University of Utah Law School, University of Missouri School of Law, University of St. Thomas School of Law, and George Washington University Law School.
Awards
In recognition of their scholarly research agenda, Garry has been awarded a Research Catalyst Grant by the University of South Dakota, as well as several other research awards. They have received research grants from the Chiesman Foundation, and has been awarded a Center for Teaching and Learning grant.  They are the only faculty member in the history of the University of South Dakota to win the President's Research Excellence Award—the university's highest scholarly research award—outright in both the junior and established faculty categories.
Selected works
In addition to being an author of nonfiction books, Patrick Garry has published eight novels. These novels have won 21 literary awards.
Books
Nation of Advertises (1993)
Scrambling for Protection (1994)
Wrestling with God: The Courts' Tortuous Treatment of Religion (2006)
An Entrenched Legacy (2008)
Rediscovering a Lost Freedom (2009)
The South Dakota Constitution (2010)
Conservatism Redefined: A Creed for the Poor and Disadvantaged (2010)
Limited Government and the Bill of Rights (2012)
References
1955 births
Living people
University of South Dakota faculty
University of Minnesota Law School alumni
George Washington University Law School faculty
Pennsylvania Route 134 (PA 134), also called Taneytown Road ( ), is a north–south, two-lane state highway in Adams County, Pennsylvania. It runs from the Maryland border at the Mason–Dixon line in Mount Joy Township north to U.S. Route 15 Business (US 15 Bus.) in Gettysburg. PA 134 runs through farmland between the Maryland border and an interchange with the US 15 freeway. North of here, the route passes through Round Top and serves Gettysburg National Military Park before reaching its northern terminus. Taneytown Road was created in 1800 to connect Gettysburg with Taneytown, Maryland. The road was used during the 1863 Battle of Gettysburg for the procession to the cemetery consecration at which the Gettysburg Address was delivered. PA 134 was designated to its current alignment in 1928, with the section north of Round Top paved. The southern portion of the route was paved in the 1930s.
Route description
PA 134 begins at the Maryland border, where Harney Road continues south into that state, leading to Maryland Route 140 in Taneytown. From the state line, the route heads north along two-lane undivided Taneytown Road through agricultural areas with a few homes and patches of woods in Mount Joy Township. After passing through Barlow, PA 134 crosses the Rock Creek into Cumberland Township. At this point, the route turns north and reaches an interchange with the US 15 freeway. Past this interchange, the road enters the grounds of Gettysburg National Military Park and passes through the community of Round Top. Continuing through more of the park, the route runs to the west of Evergreen Cemetery. PA 134 enters the borough of Gettysburg and ends at US 15 Bus. near Gettysburg National Cemetery.
History
In 1808, the county court approved a petition for a road from Gettysburg past Black's Mill on Rock Creek to the road from "Routsough's Mill to Tawney Town", Maryland. In 1841, the first bridge of two covered spans was built on the creek downstream of the Black's Mill dam, and the bridge and a downstream ford were used by Union troops during the Battle of Gettysburg. From 1894 to 1916, the Gettysburg Electric Railway operated over of the road on the south slope of Cemetery Hill. Just to the south of the tracks in , a battlefield "avenue tablet" was placed to identify the road. After part of the "Taneytown and Gettysburg Road" near the Gettysburg Battlefield was ceded to the United States Department of War in 1905 following Congressional authorization, from the borough line to beyond Meade's headquarters was "reconstructed on the Telford system" (graded and "piked") to a width of . A west gate for the Gettysburg National Cemetery was built on Taneytown Road at Cemetery Hill, followed by the nearby entrance gate to the Gettysburg National Military Park designed by Emmor Cope for Grand Central Avenue's north end on the Taneytown Road's west side. In 1915, the portion of the road from Steinwehr Avenue to the United States arsenal was macadamized. In 1928, PA 134 was assigned to its current alignment between the Maryland border and US 15 (now US 15 Bus.), with the section south of Round Top unpaved. By 1930, construction began on the unpaved section. The section under construction was paved in the 1930s.
Major intersections
See also
References
External links
Pennsylvania Highways: PA 134
134
Transportation in Adams County, Pennsylvania
Northern Maori was one of New Zealand's four original parliamentary Māori electorates established in 1868, along with Eastern Maori, Western Maori and Southern Maori. In 1996, with the introduction of MMP, the Maori electorates were updated, and Northern Maori was replaced with the Te Tai Tokerau electorate.
Population centres
The electorate included the following population centres: Auckland, Whangarei.
Tribal areas
The electorate included the following tribal areas:
History
The Northern Maori electorate boundary was in South Auckland. It extended from Auckland City north to Northland, and had only minor boundary changes from 1868 to 1996.
The first member of parliament for Northern Maori from 1868 was Frederick Nene Russell; they retired in 1870. The second member of parliament from 1871 to 1875 and in 1887 was Wi Katene.
In the there was some doubt about the validity of the election result, and a law was passed to confirm the result in Northern Maori and two other electorates.
The electorate was held by Labour from 1938. Paraire Karaka Paikea died in 1943, and was replaced by their son Tapihana Paraire Paikea.
In 1979, Matiu Rata resigned from the Labour Party as a protest against Labour policies. In 1980 they resigned from Parliament, but came second in the subsequent by-election. The by-election was won by the Labour candidate, Bruce Gregory.
Tau Henare won the electorate from Gregory for New Zealand First in 1993; a foretaste of the success of Henare and the other New Zealand First candidates (known as the Tight Five) in the Māori electorates in 1996. In 1996 with MMP, the Northern Maori electorate was replaced by Te Tai Tokerau, and won by Henare.
Tau Henare is a great-grandson of Taurekareka Henare who had held the electorate for the Reform Party from 1914 to 1938.
Members of Parliament
The Northern Maori electorate was represented by 15 Members of Parliament:
Key
Election results
Note that the affiliation of many early candidates is not known.
1980 by-election
1963 by-election
1943 election
There were nine candidates in 1943, with the election won by Tapihana Paraire Paikea over Eru Moka Pou.
1931 election
1909 by-election
1901 by-election
1899 election
1891 by-election
1896 election
Table footnotes:
1890 election
Notes
References
Historical Māori electorates
1996 disestablishments in New Zealand
1868 establishments in New Zealand
The Warman station is a former railway station in Warman, Saskatchewan. It was built by the Canadian Northern Railway along the east-west Canadian Northern Railway line (running from Humboldt to North Battleford) at the intersection with the Canadian Pacific Railway north–south line (running from Regina to Prince Albert). The -storey, stucco-clad, wood-frame train station, was originally located at the intersection of two railway lines. The station building was moved to its current location in 1942 when its use as a station was discontinued; the building is now used as a seniors drop in centre. The building was designated a Municipal Heritage Property in 2004.
The original name of the town was Diamond, because the crossing of the two railway lines created a diamond shape. Soon the name of the town site was changed to Warman, named after Cy Warman (1855–1914), a journalist who followed and recorded the construction of the Canadian National Railway.
References
Canadian National Railway stations in Saskatchewan
Canadian Northern Railway stations in Saskatchewan
Railway stations closed in 1942
Railway stations in Canada opened in 1907
Disused railway stations in Canada
Antonín Dvořák's String Quartet No. 8. in E major, Op. 80 (B. 57), is a chamber composition, written between 20 January and 4 February 1876 in Prague.
The work, originally marked as Op. 27, was composed shortly after finishing the Piano Trio in G minor, Op. 26, and before the beginning of the sketchings for the Stabat Mater cantata.
The quartet was published in 1888 by Fritz Simrock in Berlin as Op. 80, although Dvořák protested. The first performance took place on 29 December 1890 at the concert of the Joachim Quartet in Berlin, played by Joachim, Hegemeister, Wirth and Diepert.
Structure
The composition consists of four movements:
The recent loss of Dvořák's second child is apparent in their works from this period. The quartet, like the Stabat Mater and Piano Trio No. 2, is sad and nostalgic. Although nominally in a major key, themes are often presented in a minor key. The expression of melancholy and sorrow is apparent throughout the work.
A typical performance lasts about 28 minutes.
Recordings
Dvořák: Chamber Works Vol. 6. CD Supraphon. 11 1456-2 131. (Panocha Quartet)
Footnotes
References
Antonín Dvořák: Smyčcový kvartet E dur, Op. 80. (Score) Prague: SNKLHU, 1956. H 1835
External links
String Quartet No. 8 on a comprehensive Dvorak site
Dvorak 08
1876 compositions
Compositions in E major
Arielle Nobile (born November 26, 1979) is an American film director and producer known primarily for their documentary work.
They have won multiple awards for their film Belonging In The USA: The Story of Michael D. McCarty. These include Best Documentary from Borderscene Film Festival, Award of Merit from the Impact Doc Awards, Excellence award from Docs Without Borders Film Festival, and Honourable Mention from the San Francisco Black Film Festival.
Nobile also directed and produced Belonging In The USA: The Story of Alicia & Antonio, 813 Lake Street, and Belonging In Boulder: Unexpected Stories From Your Neighbors, which won a Hugo Television Award of Merit.
Early life
Nobile was born in Evanston, IL and grew up in Wilmette, IL, USA. Nobile is the daughter of Michelle Williams, a fiber and bead artist, and art teacher and Jeff Williams, an attorney.
At age 9, Nobile began studying at Piven Theatre Workshop and then, during high school, went on to become a part of the Young People's Company at Piven. Nobile then went on to a teaching apprenticeship at Piven Theatre Workshop; upon graduating from New Trier High School in 1997, they relocated to New York City.
Career
Nobile attended the experimental theater wing of New York University Tisch School of the Arts, earning a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree (BFA) in Drama in 2001. After graduating from college Nobile returned to Illinois and taught at Piven Theatre Workshop.
They then went on to study directing at The Second City in Chicago, IL, followed by teaching there.
After many years as an actor, Nobile founded the company Legacy Connections Films in 2005, a film company that produces broadcast-quality documentary films for families throughout the world.
In 2018 Nobile was named one of the Ten Filmmakers to Watch by Independent Magazine.
Belonging In The USA
During the 2016 presidential election Nobile noticed, along with many others, the divisiveness that was happening in the USA. This partly inspired Nobile to start the documentary film series Belonging In The USA: Stories From Our Neighbors. “I could not sit by and do nothing,” said Nobile, “I would not allow myself to fall into the pit of the “us vs. them” polarization trap.”
The series was created as a way to connect humanity through the life stories of freedom fighters. Each film in the documentary series is framed by historical and cultural influences, wisdom garnered as a result of lived experience, and what belonging means to each subject in their own life context.
The first film in the series, Belonging In The USA: The Story of Michael D. McCarty, premiered in February 2019 at the Pan African Film Festival in Los Angeles, CA. It tells the story of professional storyteller Michael D. McCarty. The story of a man who, even in the face of great obstacles, spreads joy wherever they go. Michael shares their varied life experiences. Including times as an aspiring scientist, Black Panther Party member, FBI target, soldier, drug addict, health nut, and storyteller.
The second film in the series is titled Belonging In The USA: The Story of Alicia & Antonio. It was filmed in Chicago, LA, and New Jersey in 2018 and is currently in post-production. It features the life stories of poet, political activist, and professor Alicia Partnoy and their filmmaker, activist husband Antonio Leiva. Alicia and Antonio are both political refugees forced into exile after being imprisoned
and tortured for their social justice work during Argentina's Dirty War of the 1970s.
The third film in the series is titled Belonging In The USA: The Story of the Tsuchiya Family. The film is currently in production and is filming in Chicago, Los Angeles, Berkeley, Manzanar, and Japan. It features Lourdes Nicholls and their journey to discover and share the life stories of their grandparents. Lourdes grandparents were incarcérées at Manzanar, a California Japanese Internment camp during WWII and their mother Fumi was born there.
Personal life
Nobile lives in Illinois with their husband and daughter.
Filmography
2008: 813 Lake Street
2011: Belonging In Boulder: Unexpected Stories From Your Neighbors
2019: Belonging In The USA: The Story of Michael D. McCarty
Awards
2018: Impact Doc Awards. Award of Merit, Belonging In The USA: The Story of Michael D. McCarty
2019: Borderscene Film Festival. Best Documentary, Belonging In The USA: The Story of Michael D. McCarty
2019: Docs Without Borders. Excellence Award, Belonging In The USA: The Story of Michael D. McCarty
2019: San Francisco Black Film Festival. Honourable Mention, Belonging In The USA: The Story of Michael D. McCarty
2019: Awareness Festival, Los Angeles, CA: Special Jury Awards 2019 - Uplifting Award: “Belonging in the USA: The Story of Michael D. McCarty”
References
External links
Belonging In The USA website
Legacy Connections Films website
Arielle Nobile on IMDB
1979 births
Living people
Moraine Airpark is a public-use airport situated in the city of Moraine, Ohio, United States. southwest of the city of Dayton in Montgomery County.
Facilities and aircraft
Moraine Airpark covers an area of which contains one asphalt paved runway (8/26) measuring 3,500 x 65 ft (1,067 x 20 m); though some use the grassy area next to the runway.
For the 12-month period ending May 9, 2007, the airport had 87,263 aircraft operations, an average of 239 per day: 94% general aviation, 6% air taxi and <1% military. There are 121 aircraft based at this airport: 95% single-engine, 4% multi-engine and 1% glider.
References
External links
Airports in Ohio
Transportation in Montgomery County, Ohio
Buildings and structures in Montgomery County, Ohio
The Matsuyama Declarationwas announced in September 1999, reviewing the prospect of world haiku in the 21st century, and the shape that the haiku must then take. The declaration was first drafted by the Coordination Council of Matsuyama (headed by Gania Nishimura) in Matsuyama, Ehime on July 18, 1999. The declaration was officially announced at the Shimanami Kaido 99 International Haiku Convention on September 12, 1999. The proceeding of the convention was covered live on the internet to the entire world by the Shiki team in the Matsuyama Information Handling Chamber, and was also broadcast on BS Forum “Declaration of Haiku Innovation” on October 2, 1999.
“The Matsuyama Declaration: An Annotated Analysis,” by Michael Dylan Welch, appeared on the Graceguts website in 2016, offering detailed responses and analysis of the document's points of view as a road-map for international haiku in the 21st century.
Contents
The Matsuyama Declaration consists of the following 7 parts:
1. Matsuyama - The Place
2. The Spread of Haiku Throughout the World
3. Why Did Haiku Spread Throughout the World? The Heart of Haiku
4. The Problems of Teikei (fixed form) and Kigo (season words)
5. The "Shadows" and "Echoes" in the Works of the Leading Poets of the World
6. Trends Toward Internationalization, Universalization and Localization of Haiku
7. Let's Give Poetry Back to the People / A World Poetry Revolution in the 21st Century
Composers
The Matsuyama Declaration was made by the following people:
Akito Arima, former Minister of Education of Japan
Toru Haga, president of Kyoto University of Art and Design
Makoto Ueda, professor emeritus of Stanford University
Sakon Soh, poet
Tohta Kaneko, president of the Modern Haiku Society
Jean-Jacques Origas, French Oriental Language Research Institute
See also
Masaoka Shiki International Haiku Awards
References
External links
TIME World
Breaking the Rules of Haiku
Haiku Oz the enjoyment of haiku
Modern Haiku
About The World Haiku Club
Modern Haiku Haiku Mainstream
Toward an Aesthetic for English-Language Haiku by Lee Gurga
Proclamations
Manifestos
1999 in Japan
Haiku
September 1999 events in Asia
1999 documents
Via Asinaria was an ancient Roman road that started from Porta Asinaria in the Aurelian walls (Rome).
It was somehow connected with the Via Latina, as it is reported that Belisarius, during its advance on Rome, left the Via Latina to enter the city from Porta Asinaria; the latter was considered one of the main accesses for those coming from the south, as in ancient times the 17th-century Porta San Giovanni didn't exist.
Via Asinaria is mentioned by Rufus Festus, who, in one passage, places it between Via Ardeatina and Via Latina. The historian therefore suggests that its route, starting from Porta Asinaria to the east of Via Latina, had to cross the latter, since Via Ardeatina is west of Via Latina, on the other side of the urban gate.
The actual route is still debated among historians, but probably the initial stretch on the outskirts of Rome coincides with that of the present Via Appia Nuova.
Antonio Nibby (op. cit. P. 587) believes that it started from Porta Caelimontana in the Servian Wall.
Giuseppe Lugli reaffirmed its route through Porta Caelimontana and Porta Asinaria and considered it a service road, intended to transversely connect the groups of villae "between Via Ardeatina, Via Appia, Via Castrimeniese and perhaps also Via Latina, until it reconnected with the latter in the estate called Roma Vecchia".
Notes
Bibliography
Via Asinaria in Platner & Ashby, A Topographical Dictionary of Ancient Rome.
Antonio Nibby, Analisi storico-topografico-antiquaria della carta de'dintorni di Roma tomo III, Rome 1837
External links
Roman roads in Italy
Ancient Roman roads in Rome
Lundazi District is a district of Zambia, located in Eastern Province. The capital lies at Lundazi. As of the 2000 Zambian Census, the district had a population of 236,833 people. In 2018, Lundazi district was divided into 3 districts (Lundazi, Lumezi and Chasefu) by the Government of the Republic of Zambia to enable rural development.The majority of the ethnic group is Tumbuka (99.9%).
References
Districts of Eastern Province, Zambia
Sean Michael Salmon (born September 11, 1977, in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, United States) is a retired American mixed martial artist and a former columnist for MMA news site MMAjunkie.com. Salmon has competed for the UFC, Strikeforce and King of the Cage.
Background
Salmon was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Salmon originally began their high school wrestling career for Birmingham Groves High School in Birmingham, Michigan. As a first-year student, they competed at the varsity level and held a record of 20-20 in the 160 lb. weight class. In their sophomore season, they held a record 38-9 in the same weight class, and qualified for the state meet before moving to Ohio to finish high school. Salmon continued competing for Worthington Kilbourne High School, where they won a state championship in their senior season and amassed a 44-1 record. Salmon then went on to compete for Ohio State University and was ranked as high as #10 in the nation for the 167 lb. weight class as a first-year student. Competing in the 184 lb. weight class for OSU, they were the Michigan State Open Champion and holds a notable win over WWE and Bellator MMA star Bobby Lashley. However, the weight-cutting was too harsh for Salmon, and they left after their sophomore year but would return as a volunteer assistant coach to continue training. Salmon continued their career in amateur wrestling and also qualified for the Olympic trials while competing at the Ohio International Wrestling Club in the freestyle wrestling circuit.
Mixed martial arts career
Early career
Salmon made their professional mixed martial arts debut in 2005 in Columbus, Ohio and won via keylock submission in the first round. They would go on to reach an undefeated record of 6-0, competing in smaller American promotions such as King of the Cage, before being handed their first professional loss by future UFC veteran David Heath. They compiled a record of 9-1 with only one win by way of decision before being invited to compete in the UFC.
UFC career
Salmon made their UFC debut in the main event of UFC Fight Night 8 on January 25, 2007. In a nationally televised fight against Rashad Evans, the Heavyweight winner of The Ultimate Fighter 2, Salmon lost due to knockout from a head kick at 1:06 in the second round. The knockout was so brutal that they were carried out of the octagon on a stretcher.
Salmon was then scheduled to fight Eric Schafer at UFC 71 on May 26, 2007, but they instead faced Alan Belcher after Schafer broke a rib during training. In the preliminary fight, Salmon lost due to guillotine choke submission in the first round.
After the consecutive losses, Salmon announced in a June 5, 2007, MMAjunkie.com column that they were taking a temporary leave from the UFC to fight in smaller organizations.
Post UFC
On June 9, 2007, Salmon submitted Jason Freeman at a North American Allied Fight Series event in Cleveland, Ohio called Fite Nite at the Flats III, winning via americana keylock. On August 11, 2007, they defeated Will Hill via unanimous decision at the Xtreme Fighting Organization's "XFO 19" show. On September 1, 2007, they were defeated via guillotine choke by fellow UFC veteran Travis Wiuff in an International Fight Organization title fight.
On November 16, 2007, Salmon lost to Jorge Santiago via knockout due to a flying knee in a Strikeforce tournament which Santiago eventually won. According to Sherdog.com, and California State Athletic Commission Executive Officer Armando Garcia, Salmon suffered a seizure in the ring after they were knocked out by Santiago. Garcia also stated Salmon's career was in jeopardy.
2008 saw Salmon's return to the cage, with a TKO victory over Mitch Whitesel in an NAAFS event on September 19. Barely three weeks later, however, on October 11, Salmon's fortunes reversed, as The Ultimate Fighter 3 alumni and 3x time UFC veteran Josh Haynes forced them to tap to an ankle lock.
Salmon had been hired as a guest wrestling coach for the famed Wolfslair MMA Academy in England. They briefly left the camp to participate in one of their own bouts, to which the camp responded by telling them to come back healthy and able to train the fighters or don't return at all. On June 6, 2009, after they were unable to finish their opponent in the first round, Salmon intentionally left their arm out to be submitted. After losing by the armbar, they admitted to quitting the fight in order to be able to come back to Wolfslair healthy. They have since received criticism from the mixed martial arts community and was punished by the Ohio State Athletic Commission.
Salmon fought early UFC veteran Laverne Clark on August 20, 2011. After a slow-paced fight Clark caught Salmon with a vicious combination that knocked Salmon out, bringing their record to 17 losses (11 consecutive) and 3 wins since November 2007.
Salmon, in an interview on the podcast MMA Hour, stated that if they lost their next fight in 2014 they would formally retire from contact sports, Sean had taken the rest of 2013 after their loss to Todd Brown and a back surgery in mid-2013 to prepare for the fight in 2014, it had been rumored that they would fight veteran Jason Guida on the undercard of a Bellator event. Salmon later pulled out of the bout, set to be on the undercard of Bellator 112 on March 14, 2014, for undisclosed reasons. Salmon later officially retired from mixed martial arts competition, citing injuries and needing more time to spend with their family.
Personal life
Sean and their ex-wife Missy have a son, Marcus, and a daughter, Hayden. Salmon's ex-father-in-law, Rick Pyles, is the owner of the Ohio-based Ultimate Victory Challenge promotion.
Mixed martial arts record
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 18–21
| Todd Brown
| TKO (submission to punches)
| MFL 29
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 2:02
| South Bend, Indiana, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 18–20
| Teddy Holder
| TKO (punches)
| UCC: Undisputed Combat Challenge 6
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:46
| Nashville, Tennessee, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 18–19
| Aaron Mays
| TKO (punches)
| Coalition of Combat: Clash of the Titans
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:35
| Phoenix, Arizona, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 18–18
| João Zeferino
| Submission (heel hook)
| NAFC: Unleashed
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:25
| Milwaukee, United States
|Catchweight (195 lbs) bout.
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 18–17
| Antony Rea
| TKO (punches)
| Desert Force: Elimination Series: Knockout Round
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:00
| Amman, Jordan
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 18–16
| Laverne Clark
| KO (punches)
| Fight Tour
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 3:22
| Rockford, Illinois, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 18–15
| Joe Cason
| TKO (punches)
| NAFC: Mayhem
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:14
| Wisconsin, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 18–14
| Tom DeBlass
| Submission (achilles lock)
| Ring of Combat 35
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:57
| New Jersey, United States
|Return to Light Heavyweight.
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 18–13
| Assan Njie
| TKO (punches)
| Superior Challenge 6
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:41
| Stockholm, Sweden
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 18–12
| Toni Valtonen
| TKO (punches)
| Fight Festival 28
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 3:18
| Helsinki, Finland
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 18–11
| Jeremy Horn
| Submission (rear-naked choke)
| IFC: Extreme Challenge
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:57
| Mt. Pleasant, Michigan, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 18–10
| Eric Cebarac
| Submission (guillotine choke)
| WAFC: Mayor's Cup 2010
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:25
| Khabarovsk Krai, Russia
|Lost the WAFC Middleweight Championship.
|-
| Win
| align=center| 18–9
| Nikita Khazov
| Decision (unanimous)
| WAFC: Mayor's Cup 2010
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 5:00
| Khabarovsk Krai, Russia
|Won the WAFC Middleweight Championship.
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 17–9
| Alexander Shlemenko
| TKO (knee to the body)
| Fight Festival 27
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:40
| Helsinki, Finland
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 17–8
| Yuki Sasaki
| Decision (unanimous)
| Fight Festival 26
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Helsinki, Finland
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 16–8
| Allan Weickert
| Submission (armbar)
| NAAFS: Fight Nite in the Flats 5
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 2:05
| Cleveland, Ohio, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 16–7
| John Doyle
| Decision (unanimous)
| Ring of Combat 24
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Atlantic City, New Jersey, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 15–7
| Lucio Linhares
| Submission (rear-naked choke)
| Fight Festival 25
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 2:07
| Helsinki, Finland
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 15–6
| Josh Haynes
| Submission (achilles lock)
| SuperFights MMA: Night of Combat 2
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 2:49
| Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 15–5
| Mitch Whitesel
| TKO (punches)
| NAAFS: Night of Pain 4
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 2:08
| Columbus, Ohio, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 14–5
| Jorge Santiago
| KO (flying knee)
| Strikeforce: Four Men Enter, One Man Survives
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:24
| San Jose, California, United States
|Middleweight debut.
|-
| Win
| align=center| 14–4
| Marcus Vinicios
| TKO (injury)
| HCF: Title Wave
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 4:22
| Calgary, Alberta, Canada
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 13–4
| Mikko Rupponen
| TKO (doctor stoppage)
| Fight Festival 22
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 3:32
| Helsinki, Finland
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 12–4
| Jason Jones
| TKO (submission to punches)
| NAAFS: Rock n Rumble
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:30
| Cleveland, Ohio, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 11–4
| Travis Wiuff
| Submission (guillotine choke)
| IFO: Wiuff vs. Salmon
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 2:37
| Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 11–3
| William Hill
| Decision
| XFO 19
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Island Lake, Illinois, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 10–3
| Jason Freeman
| Submission (americana)
| NAAFS: Fight Night in the Flats III
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:19
| Cleveland, Ohio, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 9–3
| Alan Belcher
| Submission (guillotine choke)
| UFC 71
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:51
| Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 9–2
| Rashad Evans
| KO (head kick)
| UFC Fight Night 8
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 1:06
| Hollywood, Florida, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 9–1
| Matt Hershberger
| TKO (submission to punches)
| Fightfest 8
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:51
| Cleveland, Ohio, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 8–1
| Bobby Martinez
| Submission (americana)
| Legends of Fighting 9
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:19
| Indianapolis, Indiana, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 7–1
| Lucas Lopes
| Submission (elbows)
| Fightfest 6
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 2:44
| Corpus Christi, Texas, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 6–1
| David Heath
| Submission (armbar)
| FF 5: Korea vs USA
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:50
| McAllen, Texas, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 6–0
| Hans Marrero
| Submission (americana)
| Diesel Fighting Championships 1
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:04
| Dallas, Texas, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 5–0
| Danny Sheehan
| TKO (punches)
| FFP: Untamed 5
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:42
| Mansfield, Ohio, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 4–0
| Jim Bundy
| Submission (armbar)
| Fightfest 3
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:27
| Youngstown, Ohio, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 3–0
| Bryan Zanders
| TKO (injury)
| KOTC: Redemption on the River
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 1:46
| Moline, Illinois, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 2–0
| Jerry Spiegel
| Decision
| KOTC 64: Raging Bull
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Cleveland, Ohio, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 1–0
| Rob Wince
| Submission (americana)
| HHCF 24: Thanksgiving Throwdown 2
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| N/A
| Columbus, Ohio, United States
|
References
External links
Sean Salmon's Columns at MMAjunkie.com
1977 births
Living people
American male mixed martial artists
Sportspeople from Milwaukee
Mixed martial artists from Wisconsin
Middleweight mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists utilizing collegiate wrestling
Mixed martial artists utilizing freestyle wrestling
Ultimate Fighting Championship male fighters
American male sport wrestlers
Private First Class William Bernard Baugh (July 7, 1930 – November 29, 1950) was a United States Marine who, at age 20, received the Medal of Honor for their actions at the Battle of Chosin Reservoir in the Korean War.
The nation's highest decoration for valor was presented to Baugh for extraordinary heroism on November 29, 1950, between Koto-ri and Hagaru-ri, when they protected the members of their squad from a grenade by smothering it with their body.
Biography
Private First Class Baugh was the 15th Marine to receive the Medal of Honor for heroism during the Korean War. Born July 7, 1930, in McKinney, Kentucky, William Bernard Baugh was employed by Harrison Shoe Corporation before their enlistment in the Marine Corps on January 23, 1948, at the age of 17. They attended public schools in Butler County, Ohio.
Following recruit training at Parris Island, South Carolina, PFC Baugh was stationed at Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune, North Carolina, and after being transferred to the 1st Marine Division in Korea, took part in the Inchon landing, the capture of Seoul, and the Wonsan and Chosin Reservoir campaigns. Their death occurred in the Chosin area.
In addition to the Medal of Honor, PFC Baugh posthumously received the Purple Heart Medal. They previously held the Presidential Unit Citation, Navy Occupation Service Medal with Europe Clasp, Korean Service Medal with three bronze stars, and the United Nations Service Medal.
Awards and decorations
PFC Baugh's awards include:
Medal of Honor citation
Honors
The Military Sealift Command ship MV PFC William B. Baugh (T-AK-3001) is also named in their honor.
See also
List of Medal of Honor recipients
List of Korean War Medal of Honor recipients
References
1930 births
1950 deaths
People from Lincoln County, Kentucky
Military personnel from Kentucky
American military personnel killed in the Korean War
United States Marine Corps Medal of Honor recipients
United States Marines
United States Marine Corps reservists
Korean War recipients of the Medal of Honor
Deaths by hand grenade
United States Marine Corps personnel of the Korean War
Prinair Flight 277 was a regular passenger flight by Puerto Rican airline Prinair, between Cyril E. King International Airport in Charlotte Amalie, St. Thomas, United States Virgin Islands, and Isla Verde International Airport in Carolina, Puerto Rico, a suburb of San Juan. On 5 March 1969, the flight, operated by de Havilland Heron 2D N563PR, crashed into a mountain near Fajardo, killing all 19 occupants on board.
Flight
Prinair Flight 277 left Charlotte-Amalie at 5:15 pm on Wednesday, March 5, 1969 for a short flight to the San Juan area's main airport in Carolina. It was an uneventful flight until the airplane entered mainland Puerto Rico. This was the point in which the airplane's pilot contacted San Juan's approach control, letting them know that they were flying at and maintaining that flight level.
Then, the airport's approach controller responded with, "Prinair two seven seven San Juan Approach Control radar contact three miles east of Isla Verde fly a heading of two five zero for a vector to ILS final maintain four thousand." The approach controller, who was a trainee on the fateful afternoon, mistakenly thought that Prinair Flight 277 was near San Juan, but it was instead near Luquillo at what is described as the "Fajardo intersection". One minute after this communication, Prinair Flight 277 was asked to go to flight level 3, or and prepare for landing. The airplane was vectored for a landing into runway 7. The plane's pilots, trusting that the information given to them was correct, followed the instructions and prepared for landing, soon finding themselves in front of an unavoidable mountain instead. At 5:38 pm, 23 minutes after the flight took off from St. Thomas, it crashed into some trees on the Sierra Luquillo mountains, killing everyone on board.
Investigation
An NTSB investigation that followed discovered that this accident would not have been survivable in any way. The controller's home and belongings were investigated as part of the investigation and it was found they had a typical family life, along with some of the furnishings and electrical objects found at a typical family house.
On March 17, 1969, the controller revealed to investigators, that 3 years before, a flight surgeon had sent them to see both a psychiatrist and a psychologist, and that on March 5, the day of the accident, they were feeling very tense and anxious.
It was noted also that the accident area had several peaks that were over and that the weather conditions during that day would have prevented the pilots from seeing the peaks ahead of them.
The controller's erroneous indications meant they thought the aircraft was further west than it actually was. About 5:33 pm, or five minutes before the crash, the flight coordinator's supervisor ordered them to go perform other duties, and then proceeded to give the controller's instructor instructions to go and do collateral duties. By then, the controller was directing 5 flights, including Prinair Flight 277. Some pilots on these five flights were heard complaining because the instructor's own transmissions were interrupting the controller's.
Several other key elements were discovered by the investigation.
See also
Similar air crashes into mountains and related articles
1986 Aerovías Guatemala air crash
2012 Mexico Learjet 25 crash
Air New Zealand Flight 901
American Airlines Flight 965
Avianca Flight 011
Avianca Flight 410
Aviateca Flight 901
Controlled flight into terrain
List of accidents and incidents involving commercial aircraft
Merpati Nusantara Airlines Flight 9760
PIA Flight 268
1995 Air St. Martin Beech 1900 crash
Alaska Airlines Flight 1866
1983 TAME 737-200 crash
Independent Air Flight 1851
1949 Mexicana DC-3 crash
Tara Air Flight 193
Tara Air Flight 197
References
Aviation accidents and incidents in the United States in 1969
1969 in Puerto Rico
Airliner accidents and incidents in Puerto Rico
Prinair accidents and incidents
Prinair
Transportation in San Juan, Puerto Rico
Accidents and incidents involving the de Havilland Heron
March 1969 events in North America
Airliner accidents and incidents involving controlled flight into terrain
Elkanah Brackin (or Bracken) Greer (October 11, 1825 – March 25, 1877) was an antebellum cotton planter, merchant, and then a general in the Confederate States Army who served in the Western Theater of the American Civil War.
Biography
Greer was born in Paris, Tennessee. They moved to Mississippi as a young man and took part in the Mexican–American War as a member of the 1st Mississippi Rifles, whose colonel was future Confederate President Jefferson Davis. They participated in the battles of Monterrey and Buena Vista.
In 1848, Greer moved to Marshall, Texas, where they established themselves as a planter and merchant, and for a time was a partner in a law firm. Three years later, they returned to Tennessee to marry a local girl named Anna Holcombe (whose famous sister Lucy Petway Holcombe married Francis Wilkinson Pickens, and became known during the Civil War as the "Queen of the Confederacy"). Elkanah and Anna had five children. They became the grand commander of the secretive Knights of the Golden Circle organization in 1859.
With the secession of Texas, Greer enlisted in the army and was commissioned as the first colonel of the newly formed the South Kansas-Texas Cavalry (later known as the 3rd Texas Cavalry) in July 1861. After training and equipping their men, they led the regiment into combat at the battles of Wilson's Creek and Elkhorn Tavern in Arkansas. During the latter engagement, Greer was slightly wounded in the arm.
In October 1862, they were promoted to the rank of brigadier general and appointed as chief of the conscription bureau for the Trans-Mississippi region. Among their many responsibilities was trying to reconcile the laws of the central Confederate government with those of the State of Texas.
In 1864, faced with a growing manpower shortage, the Confederacy formed a Reserve Corps department, and Greer commanded it for a time.
After the war, they resumed their civilian career as a planter and merchant. They died during a visit with their sister in DeValls Bluff, Arkansas, on March 25, 1877.
Greer is buried in Elmwood Cemetery in Memphis, Tennessee.
See also
List of American Civil War generals (Confederate)
Notes
References
Eicher, John H., and David J. Eicher, Civil War High Commands. Stanford: Stanford University Press, 2001. .
Evans, Greer bio
McGehee, Larry T. "Iron Fist in a Velvet Glove," August 5, 2002, Southern Seen, Wofford College web site
Sifakis, Stewart. Who Was Who in the Civil War. New York: Facts On File, 1988. .
Warner, Ezra J. Generals in Gray: Lives of the Confederate Commanders. Baton Rouge: Louisiana State University Press, 1959. .
External links
"Greer, Elkanah Bracken," Handbook of Texas Online
New texas Handbook
1825 births
1877 deaths
People from Paris, Tennessee
Confederate States Army brigadier generals
People of Tennessee in the American Civil War
People of Texas in the American Civil War
American military personnel of the Mexican–American War
Texas lawyers
American planters
19th-century American lawyers
Knights of the Golden Circle
USS Presidio (APA-88) was a in service with the United States Navy from 1945 to 1946. They were sold for scrap in 1965.
History
They were laid down 6 December 1944 by the Consolidated Steel Co., Wilmington, California, under Maritime Commission contract (MC hull 1881); launched 17 February 1945; sponsored by Mrs. J. K. Harbert; delivered to the Navy 8 April 1945; and commissioned 9 April 1945.
World War II Pacific Theatre operations
Following shakedown and amphibious training off California, Presidio departed the U.S. West Coast, 5 June 1945, for Hawaii, whence they carried men and equipment to Eniwetok and Kwajalein. Returning to Eniwetok, they sailed again 13 July and on the 17th rendezvoused with units of the U.S. 3rd Fleet to transfer cargo and personnel as that fleet continued to move against the enemy's home islands.
Following that underway replenishment, they returned to Eniwetok, completed a run to Ulithi and Leyte, then got underway for another transfer of men and material at sea. On 17 August, 2 days after the cessation of hostilities, they rendezvoused with task group TG 38.3, then continued on to Eniwetok whence they steamed to Japan, arriving in Tokyo Bay 15 September to commence “Magic Carpet” duty. For the next seven months they plied the Pacific, carrying occupation personnel to Okinawa and Japan and bringing veterans back to the United States.
Decommissioning and fate
Designated for inactivation in the spring of 1946, they decommissioned at Pearl Harbor 20 June. Towed back to San Francisco, California, the following year, they were struck from the Navy List 1 August 1947 and transferred to the Maritime Commission at Suisun Bay 2 September 1947. They were sold for scrap in June 1965.
Awards
Presidio was awarded one battle star for World War II service.
References
External links
NavSource Online: Amphibious Photo Archive - APA-88 Presidio
Gilliam-class attack transports
World War II amphibious warfare vessels of the United States
USS Presidio (APA-88)
Ships built in Los Angeles
1945 ships
Movement Now ( , ) is an economically liberal political party in Finland.
It was founded by then-National Coalition Party (NCP) member of parliament (MP) Harry "Hjallis" Harkimo and seven other people as a political movement. The movement was registered as a party in 14 November 2019. It is positioned on the centre-right on the political spectrum.
History
On 19 April 2018, member of parliament (MP) Harry Harkimo announced that they would resign from their party, the NCP. On 21 April, they announced that they had founded a political movement of their own called Movement Now. The movement had been founded by them and seven others and registered with the one day before Harkimo's resignation from the NCP. The seven founding members are Harkimo, former SDP party secretary Mikael Jungner, , Helene Auramo, Karoliina Kähönen, Sarian Antila, and Tuomas Enbuske.
Harkimo subsequently formed a one-man parliamentary group, the , in the Parliament of Finland. On 21 January 2019, an MP of the Blue Reform and former Speaker of the Parliament of Finland Maria Lohela announced that they would leave the Blue Reform in order to join Liike Nyt's parliamentary group. In addition to the Parliament, the movement has gained members in municipalities. The group Parempi Heinola in the city assembly of Heinola joined Liike Nyt. With its eight members out of a total of 43, the movement is the largest in Heinola. A similar association with the Uusi Jämsä group of Jämsä was agreed upon in August 2018. Uusi Jämsä was the third largest group in the city council when joining the movement with its six members.
In the 2019 Finnish parliamentary election, Harkimo was elected to the parliament as the sole representative from Movement Now. 115 candidates stood for election, short of the movement's target of 150. Besides Harkimo, candidates included another founder of the party Auramo, and the former's Mirita Saxberg. Because the movement was not a registered party, each of its candidates had to gather signatures of at least 100 voters to form a . The party used controversial microtargeting in its campaign advertising.
In June 2019, Harkimo announced that the Movement Now would start collecting signed support cards in order to become a registered political party. The Ministry of Justice announced on 14 November 2019 that Movement Now had been registered as a political party.
Political stances
Thirty core principles were agreed upon by members. Besides these, candidates are not aligned ideologically with the group and are allowed to take independent stances on local issues. Election themes include Baltic Sea clean up and social security for entrepreneurs.
The party defends generally liberal policies. In economics, it supports reducing the corporate tax and what they see as unnecessary regulations on businesses, and in social policy, the party defends legalizing the sale of alcohol in grocery stores.
In international policy, although the party believes that the European Union has been beneficial for Finland in many respects, the Euro currency has not, and that the debt and migration crises, along with Brexit, has forced the EU to reconsider in which areas Brussels is needed and where it is not. The party opposes a European superstate.
It also supports achieving carbon neutrality by 2045, instead of the Marin government's target of 2035, believing the latter to be unrealistic. The party also supports nuclear power.
The party believes in expanding private health care as a way of reducing queues in public health facilities.
It also believes that Finland should adopt a national D visa entitling skilled migrants to work while at the same time keeping out migrants who would be a burden on society. The party also advocates reforming the asylum system and mandating that immigrants should be integrated so that they become part of Finnish society, and that employment plans should be drawn up for all immigrants over the age of 18. It also believes that all incoming immigrants should prove that they will be active members in Finnish society, and that those who provide false information or committed serious crimes such as terrorism should be deported.
The party doesn't support NATO membership at the current time, but if Sweden joins NATO, or a crisis happens in the Baltic, they would support a vote for NATO membership.
The main six principles of the party are:
Everybody should be taken care of
A free market is a good way to develop society, if its rules are fair
Climate change is real and decisions must be taken in an environmentally sustainable manner
Entrepreneurship is the most effective way to do things if given space
Valuing the individual
Pro-Europeanism
Election results
Parliamentary elections
Municipal elections
Presidential elections
Organization
The party's headquarters are on Abrahaminkatu in Helsinki. The party has about 8,000 members, and employs four people full-time. The chairperson of the party is Harry Harkimo.
Notes
See also
Politics of Finland
List of political parties in Finland
Elections in Finland
References
Further reading
External links
2018 establishments in Finland
Liberal parties in Finland
Political parties established in 2018
Pro-European political parties in Finland
Registered political parties in Finland
Tangshan Earthquake Memorial Park is located to the east of Nanhu Park, Tangshan, China. The park in built in memory of the 1976 Tangshan earthquake. The Tangshan Earthquake Museum, the Tangshan earthquake ruins at Tangshan Rolling Stock and the memorial walls engraved with names of the earthquake victims are in the park.
References
Monuments and memorials in China
Parks in Hebei
Ronald Eugene Cox (born February 2, 1968, in Fresno, California) is a former American football linebacker who played eight seasons in the National Football League with the Chicago Bears and the Green Bay Packers. They started as middle linebacker for the champion Green Bay Packers in Super Bowl XXXI as they beat the New England Patriots. In 2001, Cox was inducted into the Fresno County Athletic Hall of Fame.
College career
As a senior, Cox was a finalist for the 1989 Butkus Award, which was won by Percy Snow. Cox had 28 sacks that senior season. They were also an All-American and the Big West Conference Defensive MVP.
Professional career
Chicago Bears
Cox was drafted by the Chicago Bears in the second round (33rd overall) of the 1990 NFL Draft. Their rookie year, 1990, was their best year in terms of sacks, with three. After a dip in productivity in 1991, Cox saw a career year in 1992, with 56 tackles, a sack, a fumble recovery, and three games started. Recording their first interception in 1995, Cox left in free agency to go to the Green Bay Packers. They returned to the team in 1997 but retired to spend time with their family.
Green Bay Packers
In the 1996 offseason, the Green Bay Packers signed Cox to a three-year contract worth $3.9 million. They were pushed into the starting lineup for Super Bowl XXXI after an injury to George Koonce.
Coaching career
Cox serves as a defensive coach for Division III Lake Forest College. They have turned down offers to be on the coaching staff from Ron Rivera of the Carolina Panthers and Leslie Frazier of the Minnesota Vikings.
Personal life
Cox graduated with a degree in electrical engineering. After retiring, they worked in the building industry. They and their wife Michelle have three kids, Kelsey, Caitlin, and Ron Jr., and they live in Lake Forest, Illinois.
References
1968 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Fresno, California
American football linebackers
Fresno State Bulldogs football players
Chicago Bears players
Green Bay Packers players
Alison "Eilley" Oram Bowers (September 6, 1826 – October 27, 1903) was a Scottish American woman who was, in their time, one of the richest women in the United States, and owner of the Bowers Mansion, one of the largest houses in the western United States. A farmer's daughter, Bowers married as a teenager, and their husband converted to Mormonism before the couple immigrated to the United States. After briefly living in Nauvoo, Illinois, they became an early Nevada pioneer, farmer and miner, and was made a millionaire by the Comstock Lode mining boom. Married and divorced two times, they married a third time and became a mother of three children but outlived them all.
Following the deaths of their first 2 children in infancy then their husband, with the third child dying a few years after, and with the collapse of the Nevada mining economy, Eilley Bowers became bankrupt and destitute. Eilley reinvented themselves as "The Famous Washoe Seeress", a professional scryer and fortune-teller in Nevada and California. They died penniless in a care home in Oakland, California.
Early life
Alison Oram (sometimes spelled "Orrum"), commonly called Eilley, was born on September 6, 1826, in Forfar, Scotland. Them only brother John was born in 1821, and it appears that their father's work forced them to move frequently. John was born in Dunfermline and at some point during their childhood, they moved eighty miles southwest of Forfar to Clackmannan. It was here that they married Stephen Hunter in the Church of Scotland at the age of fifteen. Stephen soon met some Mormon missionaries and became a believer. They were baptized into the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints and agreed to immigrate to America. Eilley never converted but traveled with their husband. They sailed for America on January 29, 1849. By the time the Hunters reached Salt Lake City, the strain on their marriage was evident. After eight years of marriage, Bowers and Stephen separated in early 1850.
Remarriage and settlement in Nevada
In 1853, Bowers married farmer Alexander Cowan. Two years later the couple joined a mission to Mormon Station, near the western edge of Utah Territory. They brought with them Alexander's 12-year-old nephew who had recently been orphaned by the death of Alexander's sister. The following year, the mission relocated to Washoe Valley in a settlement they named Franktown. The Cowans purchased of land for $100 (approximately $ today). The existing ranch contained a dwelling house and coral. They stayed for two seasons.
During the crisis of the Utah War in 1857, Brigham Young recalled Mormon colonists from the western areas of the proposed State of Deseret to the core area of Mormon settlement south of the Great Salt Lake. Alexander heeded the call, leaving their wife and son in Western Utah. With Alexander gone, Bowers and Robert left the abandoned settlement of Franktown for a small mining camp called Johntown in Gold Canyon near present-day Virginia City, Nevada. Bowers opened a boardinghouse and began taking care of the miners. When the threat of war passed, Alexander returned to Western Utah and settled in Johntown, but they did not wish to pursue the life of a Washoe miner. In the fall of 1858 they returned to Salt Lake City where they remained a prominent member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Bowers and Robert remained in Johntown.
Gold Hill and the Comstock Lode
As prospectors began entering the area in large numbers, they soon settled in a new town they named Gold Hill. Bowers opened a new boardinghouse, but they were also buying and selling mining claims. At this time they were also known to engage in fortune-telling using a traditional Scottish "peep stone" they had brought from Forfar. Henry de Groot recorded that on their arrival in August 1859:
Lemuel Sanford (Sandy) Bowers was one of the town's new arrivals. Sandy was a Missouri muleskinner (teamster), born in Madison County, Illinois on February 24, 1833. Sandy owned many mining claims, but their most productive was a ten-foot strip being part of the Little Gold Hill Mines. James Rogers owned the adjoining ten-foot strip which they sold to Bowers for $100.
On August 9, 1859, Eilley and Sandy joined their mining claims and lives when they were married in Gold Hill. In order to settle the land in Washoe Valley, Bowers officially divorced Alexander Cowan on June 4, 1860. As a settlement, they received half of the 320-acre farm they had owned in the Washoe Valley.
As the area boomed following the discovery of the Comstock Lode, the Bowers claim proved to hold one of the richest seams of silver ore in what would become Nevada, and because their claim was close to the surface, it was easily extracted without initial capital investment. The Bowers Mining Company quickly made Eilley and Sandy very wealthy.
European tour and the Bowers Mansion
On June 28, 1860 Eilley Bowers gave birth to a son, John Jasper Bowers, who died on August 27, 1860. On June 16, 1861 they gave birth to a daughter, Theresa Fortunatas Bowers, who died on September 17, 1861. With money to be had, the couple began to plan a grand mansion on the old Cowan Ranch in Washoe Valley. While the house was being built, the couple traveled through Europe to explore the old county and purchase furniture for the new house.
Shortly before their departure, the couple hosted a banquet at the International Hotel in Virginia City, to which the entire town was invited, and which included free champagne. After traveling to California, the Bowers sailed from San Francisco for England on May 2, 1862, aboard the steamer Golden Gate. The couple visited Eilley's family in Scotland and traveled through Europe while purchasing large quantities of furniture.
The couple returned to Nevada in March 1863, accompanied by a baby girl, named Margaret Persia Bowers. The Bowers never divulged where they had acquired the child. Some contemporary sources claimed they were born on their European crossing to an unwed mother who died during childbirth.
The Bowers Mansion was one of the most expensive buildings built in the western United States at the time. Designed by J. Neely Johnson, the former Governor of California, The two-story dressed granite stone mansion consisted of 16 rooms constructed with Jeffery Pine and Douglas fir. The main floor included a library, guest room, reception room, formal parlor and adjoining smoking room, dining room, and kitchen. Four hand-crafted carrara marble fireplaces warmed the downstairs room. A plaster of Paris frieze border decorated the ceilings, moldings and medallions above the chandeliers. The main entrance hall opened to a turned mahogany handrail and balcony, which led to the upstairs where Eilley, Sandy, and Persia each had a suite of rooms including a bedroom and sitting room. Expensive toys and fancy dolls filled Persia's playroom. The extra upstairs room housed a hand-sculptured billiard table used for the enjoyment and entertainment of their guests. Kerosene lanterns and candles lighted the beautiful mansion that was truly unlike any other in the West.
Economic hardship
The rich silver of the Comstock Lode began to play out in 1863 resulting in a deepening depression throughout 1864. Sandy moved back to Gold Hill to help save the mine. With health failing, they attempted to sell or lease most of the Bowers mining operation in the spring of 1868. At the age of 35, Sandy died of Lung Disease on April 21, 1868 at their Gold Hill residence. They were buried on the hill behind their Mansion.
In 1873, Virginia City recovered with a new strike bringing wealth back to the region. Eilley Bowers opened the Bowers Mansion to the public as a resort. The grounds were advertised as being beneficial to health, while dances and social events were held in the mansion. Bowers improved the mansion and grounds by adding a dance hall and offering the upstairs suits for family use. With the extension of the railroad which now connected Virginia City to the young town of Reno and the Trans Continental Railroad, Bowers Mansion became a prime destination for grand excursions. Eilley spent many weekends hosting extravagant picnics. The guests bathed in the fishponds, swung under the trees, waltzed on the dance floor and generally just had a fine old time. For the next few years, Bowers Mansion was filled with music and laughter.
Meanwhile, Persia Bowers was sent to live with friends in Reno allowing them to go to school and learn music. On July 14, 1874 Persia died of what may have been a ruptured appendix. They were buried behind the mansion with their father.
The resort brought in some money, but Bowers was still in debt. The Bowers Mine was sold to pay off creditors, and they entered into negotiations with the newly created State of Nevada for the state to purchase the mansion as a psychiatric hospital. Unfortunately for Bowers, the deal fell through, and they were obliged to begin to sell their possessions to settle debts.
Bowers made one final attempt to save the mansion when they hired construction crews and began renovating the mansion. This time they changed the entire structure by adding a third floor. The $8,000 expansion included 14 rooms including 10 over the main house and two over each wing. However, this only increased their debt.
In April 1876, the District Court of Washoe County finally ruled against Bowers and in favor of their creditors in the sum of $13,622.17.Nevada State Journal April 9, 1876 (3:2)On May 3, 1876, at 1:00 p.m. the courts auctioned off the remaindered of their properties in front of the Washoe county Courthouse. Eight years after Sandy's death, Eilley lost everything to the founder of Reno, Myron C. Lake for $10,000.
Seeress of Washoe
Bankrupt and with no remaining family in the United States, Bowers set themselves up as a fortune-teller using their peep stone, billing themselves as "Mrs L. S. Bowers, The Famous Washoe Seeress". They enjoyed some success with their predictions, successfully predicting, among other things, the fire which destroyed much of Virginia City in 1875. Due to the continued economic decline in northern Nevada following the collapse of the mining industry, in the 1880s they moved to San Francisco, where they continued to practice as a scryer.
Destitution
In the late 19th century, Bowers returned to Nevada. Them hearing had diminished significantly, and they were forced to give up the scrying business as they were unable to hear the requests of their clients. They launched a claim against the government asking for financial assistance in return for the $14,000 they and Sandy Bowers had donated to support the Union cause in the Civil War and to finance the 1860 Paiute War, but was ignored. Destitute, they were placed in the Washoe County poorhouse, and became the subject of a protracted legal dispute between the governments of Nevada and California over who was to pay for their care. In August 1901 it was agreed that California would take responsibility for their welfare, and they were summarily put on a San Francisco-bound train by Reno officials with $30 cash. For the last two years of their life they lived at the King's Daughters Home in Oakland, dying on October 27, 1903. Them ashes were returned to Nevada and buried alongside Sandy and Margaret at the Bowers Mansion.
Legacy
Eilley Bowers continues to be one of the most famous of 19th-century female pioneers, and a major figure in the early history of Nevada. In one writer's words, they "is one of the most researched, written and talked about women in Nevada history."
Following its sale at auction following foreclosure, the Bowers Mansion was abandoned. Eventually purchased by Reno saloon owner Henry Riter, it was renovated and reopened as a resort in 1903. The hot springs were remodeled to feed warm swimming pools, and a spur was built from the Virginia and Truckee Railroad to serve the property. It continued to operate as a resort until 1946. It is now considered the finest example of the mansion houses built by the millionaire beneficiaries of the Comstock boom, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places, and is administered by the Washoe County Parks Department.
Footnotes
References
Bibliography
External links
Bowers Mansion Regional Park
A Guide to the Allison Bowers Papers, NC238. Special Collections, University Libraries, University of Nevada, Reno.
1826 births
1903 deaths
American miners
People from Forfar
People from Washoe County, Nevada
Scottish emigrants to the United States
19th-century Scottish people
19th-century Scottish women
20th-century Scottish women
19th-century American women
20th-century American businesspeople
19th-century American businesspeople
19th-century American business persons
20th-century American business persons
The St. Gregory the Illuminator Cathedral ( ) also called Armenian Cathedral of St. Gregory the Illuminator Is the name that receives a religious building affiliated to the Catholic Church that follows the Armenian rite and that is located in the Tiradentes Avenue, 718 Lux of the city of São Paulo in the state of the same name in the South part of the South American country of Brazil. It should not be confused with the other Catholic cathedrals of the city that include 4 of Latin rite (the Cathedral of Santo Amaro, Metropolitan Cathedral of Our Lady of the Assumption, Cathedral of St. Michael and Cathedral of the Holy Family) and the other 2 of Catholic oriental rites (Melkite Cathedral Our Lady of Paradise and the Maronite Cathedral of Our Lady of Lebanon).
The temple follows the Armenian Catholic rite and functions as the headquarters of the Armenian Catholic Apostolic Exarchate of Latin America and Mexico (Exarcado Apostólico para os fiéis de Rito Armênio residentes na América Latina e México) that is directly dependent on the congregation for the Eastern churches based in Rome.
It is under the pastoral responsibility of Bishop Pablo Hakimian.
See also
Roman Catholicism in Brazil
Armenian Catholic Apostolic Exarchate of Latin America and Mexico
References
Eastern Catholic cathedrals in Brazil
Cathedrals in São Paulo
Armenian Catholic cathedrals
Ghazala Kaifee (née Najam) is a Pakistani actor.  They are known for their roles in dramas Laikin, Qissa Meherbano Ka, Rasam, Ishq E Laa and Sinf-e-Aahan.
Early life
Ghazala was born in 1960 on 17th April in Karachi, Pakistan. They completed their studies from University of Karachi.
Career
Ghazala started acting on PTV in the 1970s. They were encouraged by Qasim Jalil to pursue a television career and Fatima Surayya Bajia cast them in dramas. They were noted for their roles in dramas Shama, Tipu Sultan: The Tiger Lord, Ana, Hawain, Aroosa and Brahim Ki Talaash. They also appeared in dramas Yeh Bhi Kisi Ki Bayti Hai, Janay Kyun, Chain Aye Na, Rasam, Rishtay Mohabbaton Kay and Laikin. Ghazala also appeared in movie Article 370 as Mir's mother. Since then they appeared in dramas Ishq E Laa, Qissa Meherbano Ka and Sinf-e-Aahan.
Personal life
Ghazala is married and has two sons and one of their son named Sib Kaifee is a reporter. Ghazala also set up a foundation called Foundation of Youth to help the poor. They and their husband were diagnosed with COVID-19 during the COVID-19 pandemic in Pakistan and went into quarantine then they and their husband recovered from coronavirus in June 23rd on 2020.
Filmography
Television
Telefilm
Film
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1960 births
Living people
20th-century Pakistani actores
Pakistani television actores
21st-century Pakistani actores
Pakistani film actores
Prime9 News is an Indian satellite television news channel that provides 24-hour news coverage in Telugu language. this news channel was owned by Samhitha Broadcasting Pvt. Ltd.and the channel is broadcast from Samhitha Broadcasting Pvt. Ltd head office in Hyderabad.
Programming
This channel coverage live latest news, news bulletins, current affairs, and talk shows and test run using RTV license.
Availability
It is available in Intelsat 17, 66.0°E 3876, horizontal with symbol rate - 14300 3/4, System DVB-S28PSKMPEG-4.
See also
List of Telugu-language television channels
References
External links
Telugu-language television channels
24-hour television news channels in India
Television channels and stations established in 2018
Television stations in Hyderabad
The Sunda thrush (Zoothera andromedae) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae. It is found in Indonesia, Malaysia, and the Philippines.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
Sunda thrush
Birds of Malesia
Sunda thrush
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Vogelsang Airfield (Fliegerhorst Vogelsang) is an abandoned World War II military airfield located approximately 3 miles northwest of Schleiden (Nordrhein-Westfalen); approximately 330 miles southwest of Berlin.
The airfield is a part of the former Ordensburg Vogelsang military training area.
History
The airfield was built as part of the Nazi Party estate about 1935 for light courier aircraft operations. It was likely a grass airfield with a small aircraft parking area and possibly a hangar and a station building.
In May 1940, as part of the buildup in western Germany prior to the Battle of France, the Luftwaffe stationed Kampfgeschwader 76 (KG 76) with Dornier Do 17Z light bombers, and Jagdgeschwader 3 and 21 (JG 3, JG 21) with Messerschmitt Bf 109E fighters at the airfield. All of these units moved into Belgium shortly after the invasion on 10 May. Vogelsang was not used again by combat aircraft until 1945.
In late February 1945, as a result of the Western Allied invasion of Germany, United States Army forces moved through the Eifel area and captured the airfield about 1 March. On 8 March the IX Engineer Command 816th Engineer Aviation Battalion moved in and began to construct an operational airfield for Allied aircraft. The engineers laid down a 3600' Pierced Steel Planking runway aligned 15/33 on the former Luftwaffe field to support all-weather operations on the site. On 23 March the airfield was designated as Advanced Landing Ground "Y-51 Vogelsang".
Its operational use by the USAAF was by the Ninth Air Force 67th Tactical Reconnaissance Group, which operated various photo-reconnaissance aircraft (P-38, P-51) from the airfield taking reconnaissance photos west of the Ludendorff Bridge supporting the advancing Ninth Army to close the Ruhr Pocket until the end of April 1945 when it moved into Central Germany. After the combat units moved out, the airfield remained open, supporting the Occupation forces in the area with transport supply flights until being closed on 10 July 1945.
The airport and the Vogelsang estate were turned over to Belgian military authorities in 1945, and was used as a NATO military training area until 2006. The USAAF airfield was dismantled and there is little evidence of the wartime airfield today.
See also
Advanced Landing Ground
References
Airfields of the United States Army Air Forces in Germany
Airports established in 1935
Airports in North Rhine-Westphalia
Hallberg or Hållberg is a Swedish surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Anders Hallberg (born 1945), Swedish chemist
Axel Hallberg (born 1999), Swedish politician
Bengt Hallberg (1932–2013), Swedish jazz musician
Bob Hallberg (1944–2019), American basketball coach
David Hallberg, American ballet dancer
Ernst Hallberg (1894–1944), Swedish equestrian
Garth Risk Hallberg (born 1978), American author
Gary Hallberg (born 1958), American golfer
Gösta Hallberg (1891–1978), Swedish high jumper
Knut Hallberg, Swedish football manager
Melker Hallberg (born 1995), Swedish footballer
Nils Hallberg (1921–2010), Swedish actor
Olle Hallberg (1903–1996), Swedish track athlete
Per Hallberg (born 1958), Swedish sound editor
Per Hållberg (born 1978), Swedish ice hockey player
Sture Hållberg (1917–1988), Swedish boxer
See also
Halberg (disambiguation)
Hallsberg
Hallsburg
Swedish-language surnames
Sir William Rae, , is the former Chief Constable of Strathclyde Police, the largest police force in Scotland. Sir William is married and has two grown up sons. In recognition of their achievements Rae was awarded a knighthood by the Queen, in 2005.
Career
They joined Dunbarton County Constabulary as a police cadet in 1966 and was appointed as a Constable in 1968. Dunbartonshire Constabulary merged with five other forces into what is now Strathclyde Police in 1975. Sir William was promoted to Sergeant in 1977 and rose swiftly through the ranks throughout the 1980s. In 1996, they became Chief Constable of Dumfries and Galloway Constabulary.
In 2001, they returned to Strathclyde Police as Chief Constable. They served as the Honorary Secretary of the Association of Chief Police Officers in Scotland. In the spring of 2007, Sir William announced that they will retire from the Force in September 2007. They played a significant part in the aftermath of the terrorist attack on Glasgow Airport in July 2007. As the public face of Scotland's police, they were widely quoted across the world. Sir Willie Rae retired in November 2007, replaced by Stephen House.
Honours
References
British Chief Constables
Knights Bachelor
Scottish recipients of the Queen's Police Medal
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Scottish police officers
Officers in Scottish police forces
Abbabis is a disused railway station southwest of Karibib in the Erongo Region of western Namibia on the dismantled narrow gauge Swakopmund–Windhoek railway line established in 1900. When this line was converted to from 1910 onwards, it lo longer passed Abbabis.
The etymology of the station is not clear: Either it is from the Khoikhoi language for 'red spot', or from Nama language abas for 'gourd', as in the case of a farm approximately 300 km (200 miles) further south.
Near to the station was a German convalescent home (Genesungsheim), in which the soldiers of the imperial protection force (Schutztruppen) could recover. A ruin of its office building is still visible on a paddock. The soldiers camped in tents and barracks. The rails have long been lifted. The station building has been extended at its front and rear. It is now used as a private residence. The water supply is still from the old well.
References
Railway stations in Namibia
1900 establishments in German South West Africa
Populated places established in 1900
Leonardo the Musical: A Portrait of Love is a musical with music and lyrics by Russell Dunlop, Duke Minks, Greg Moeller and Tommy Moeller and a book by John Kane. The musical enjoyed critical acclaim while at Oxford and looked set to be a hit when it transferred to the West End, but the 1993 London production, under new management, is considered one of the biggest disasters in the history of London theatre. The management changed the original music and scripts after the Oxford shows, resulting in its failure. At least one of the leading actors had to have singing lessons, and it was said the director did not like musicals.
The project, a highly fictionalized account of Leonardo da Vinci's creation of the Mona Lisa, was the brainchild of Duke Minks, an advisor to the Republic of Nauru and former road manager for the 1960s pop group, Unit 4 + 2. They convinced government officials to invest £2 million — derived from profits earned from their major export, marine deposits rich in phosphates — in the production, a fact later gleefully exploited by the critics in their scathing reviews.
The rambling plot — which started and ended with its protagonist on their deathbed, their completed masterpiece at their side — centered on the struggling artist Leonardo's commission to paint a young woman named Lisa, betrothed to nobleman Francesco Del Giocondo. The artist and their model engage in a passionate affair resulting in their pregnancy, and they return to their fiancé, pretending the child is theirs to avoid public scandal and their private wrath. Eventually they return to beg for forgiveness from the now successful Leonardo, who accidentally is murdered by their husband when they confront the two in a jealous rage. A subplot hinting at Leonardo's homosexuality involved their close friendship with their young assistant, a painter named Melzi.
The production, plagued by problems with sets, costumes, and —most significantly— the script throughout its development, opened at the Strand Theatre on June 3, 1993. By the time the performance ended, nearly four hours after the curtain first rose, most of the audience had departed. A victim of critical disdain and audience indifference, the show closed five weeks later on July 10. The cast included Paul Collis, Jane Arden, James Barron, Hal Fowler and Rebecca Pearce.
Partial song list
"Renaissance"
"Who The Hell Are You?"
"Firenza Mia"
"Part Of Your Life"
"Just A Dream Away"
"Her Heart Beats"
"Endless As My Love"
"Just One More Time"
"Goodbye And No One Said A Word"
"Forever Child"
"Portrait Of Love"
"She Lives With Me"
Legacy
In February 2022, an episode of the BBC Radio 4 programme The Political Butterfly Effect told the story of the musical's production and discussed its links with Nauru's decision to act as an off-shore asylum seeker processing centre for Australia.
References
The Encyclopedia of Popular Music by Colin Larkin, published by Grove's Dictionaries, November 1998.
https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/fertiliser-island-scents-musical-success-first-night-leonardo-1489451.html
1993 musicals
West End musicals
Works about Leonardo da Vinci
The Biak white-eye (Zosterops mysorensis) is a species of bird in the family Zosteropidae. It is endemic to the islands of Biak and Supiori in West Papua, Indonesia.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
Birds described in 1874
Birds of the Schouten Islands
Endemic fauna of the Biak–Numfoor rain forests
Zosterops
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Aviation Products Star Trike is a German ultralight trike that was designed by Klaus Wisch and is produced by Aviation Products Ltd of Bitburg.
Design and development
The Star Trike was designed in 1980 has been in production ever since. It fits the Fédération Aéronautique Internationale microlight category. The design features a cable-braced hang glider-style high-wing, weight-shift controls, a single-seat or a two-seats-in-tandem open cockpit, tricycle landing gear with wheel pants and a single engine in pusher configuration.
The aircraft is made from bolted-together aluminum tubing, with its single or double surface wing covered in Dacron sailcloth. Its span wing is supported by a single tube-type kingpost and uses an "A" frame weight-shift control bar. A range of powerplants can be fitted, including the twin cylinder, liquid-cooled, two-stroke, dual-ignition Rotax 582 engine and the twin cylinder, air-cooled, four-stroke, dual-ignition HKS 700E engine.
In its single seat agricultural version the aircraft has an empty weight of and a gross weight of , giving a useful load of . With full fuel of the payload is .
A number of different wings can be fitted to the basic carriage, including the Air Creation XP 15.
Variants
Star Trike Agrar
Single seat agricultural aircraft version.
Star Trike DS
Dual seat version.
Specifications (Star Trike Agrar)
References
External links
1980s German sport aircraft
1980s German ultralight aircraft
Homebuilt aircraft
Single-engined pusher aircraft
Ultralight trikes
Dawn Faith Mackay (née Mlotshwa, born 16 January 1982 in KwaMashu, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa) is an author, musician, speaker, social activist and the host of their own TV show titled Deep & Meaningful. They started their music career in 2008 working with a local artist in South Africa and has since released their debut EP in 2015 titled "Audience of One". In 2016, they established a TV production company, MYZIZI Productions, named after their daughter Zinhle (Zizi) Grace, who was born around four months premature and died aged three months. in Melbourne, Australia.
Early life
Mackay's love of singing started in their grandmother's church, which was located in the South African township of KwaMashu, where Mackay themselves grew up. This love was nurtured by their mother, who would blast records by Aretha Franklin, Donnie Hathaway and Kool & The Gang early in the morning and late at night. At a young age, Mackay also experienced the power of music in creating social change, as it formed the soundtrack for the anti-apartheid movement.
Social activism
Influenced by their upbringing and a deep desire to make a difference, Mackay has dedicated much of their life to inspiring young people to rise above their circumstances. They were the South African Director of one of the world's largest youth-run organisation, Oaktree (foundation) and worked in partnership with Nelson Mandela's 46664 to find ways of using music for good. After relocating to Australia in 2009, they expanded their pursuit of justice, working to empower disadvantaged youth and recent immigrants.
Music
Mackay has recorded and collaborated with several high-profile artists in both South Africa (Loyiso Bala, Zakes Bantwini & Ntokozo Mbambo) and Australia (Evermore, Diafrix). Having embraced their innate talent as a singer and songwriter, Mackay is now using their own music to reach and inspire people around the world.  They are regularly asked to perform both acoustic and with a full band at all manner of events – weddings, parties, concerts, and award shows. They have done so in some of the world's most revered venues such as the Sydney Opera House, and alongside legendary artists like Yvonne Chaka Chaka.
Them first single, "Messed Up Heart", was produced by Jason Heerah (Electric Empire) and Dorian West (X Factor, Australia's Got Talent) – and helped make Mackay the No. 1 artist in Melbourne and No. 7 in Australia on the ReverbNation R&B/Soul charts. It was followed by their highly anticipated debut EP, "Audience of One", which was written and produced by Mackay herself. In a departure from the sounds that often dominate Christian music, the EP is a collection of songs that defies classification but defines 'soul' – seamlessly integrating elements of jazz and gospel, with lyrics that are both confronting and uplifting. It was inspired by the death of their daughter, the birth of their son, and the journey between these two life-changing events.
Discography
Speaking
She's also been called on to share their story as a motivational and keynote speaker at conferences, churches and schools, including Oprah Winfrey's Leadership Academy for Girls.
Recent work
Mackay returned to South Africa in 2016 to write and release their first book, Dear God, which tells the story of their daughter's death and how Mackay found their way back to life and hope. Them next major project is a talk show, called Deep & Meaningful, of which they are the creator and executive producer. The show will be hosted by Mackat, will feature a range of high-profile women as guests, and will air across Africa and the world on BET Africa Channel 129.
They currently live in Johannesburg with their Australian husband Nic Mackay and their son, Lwandle Mackay.
References
External links
Official website
South African writers
South African women writers
South African musicians
South African activists
South African women activists
South African television personalities
1982 births
Living people
The brown-backed woodpecker (Dendropicos obsoletus) is a species of bird in the woodpecker family Picidae. It is found in a belt across the savannah region of sub-Saharan Africa from Senegal in the west to Ethiopia, Kenya and Tanzania in the east. It is generally uncommon, but has a very large range and the population appears to be steady, so the International Union for Conservation of Nature has rated its conservation status as being of "least concern".
Taxonomy
The brown-backed woodpecker was described by the German naturalist Johann Georg Wagler in 1829 under the binomial name Picus obsoletus. They specified the type locality as Senegambia. The specific epithet is from the Latin obsoletus meaning "plain" or "ordinary". Before the introduction of molecular phylogenetics the relationship to other woodpeckers was uncertain. In 1948 the American ornithologist James Peter placed the brown-backed woodpecker in the genus Dendrocopos in their Check-List of Birds of the World, and in 2013 it was assigned to its own genus Ipophilius by Edward Dickinson and Leslie Christidis in the fourth edition of the Howard and Moore Complete of the Birds of the World. The species is now placed in the genus Dendropicos that was introduced by the French ornithologist Alfred Malherbe in 1849. A genetic study of the African woodpeckers has shown that the brown-backed woodpecker is most closely related to Stierling's woodpecker (Dendropicos stierlingi).
Four subspecies are recognised:
D. o. obsoletus (Wagler, 1829) – Senegal and Gambia to south Sudan and west Uganda south to south Cameroon and northeast Democratic Republic of the Congo
D. o. heuglini (Neumann, 1904) – east Sudan to north Ethiopia
D. o. ingens (Hartert, 1900) – south Ethiopia to Uganda and central Kenya
D. o. crateri (Sclater, WL & Moreau, 1935) – north Tanzania
Description
The brown-backed woodpecker is a small species, growing to a length of between . The beak is long and chisel-tipped with a wide base. The male has a red hind crown and nape while the female lacks these. Otherwise the sexes are similar, the head is brown with a white supercilium and moustache and dark ear coverts. The body plumage is brown with white barring on the wings and tail and the underparts are whitish, with variable amounts of dark streaking. When the feathers are worn, this bird looks rather pale and can be confused with the little grey woodpecker (Dendropicos elachus).
Distribution and habitat
Its range extends across the entire Sudan region and the southern part of the Sahel, from Guinea Bissau to Eritrea and northern Tanzania. It inhabits open, dry areas, scrubland, the edges of woodland, especially Combretum woodland and Hagenia forest, savannah with scattered trees and suburban gardens. Its altitudinal range is from sea level to about , and even higher on Mount Kenya.
Behaviour and ecology
Breeding
Breeding occurs between February and June. The nest is excavated in a dead or living tree at height of above the ground. The tree may be at the edge of wood or in an isolated position away from other trees. The clutch of 2 eggs is incubated by both adults. Both adults also feed the young.
References
brown-backed woodpecker
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
brown-backed woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
One of the reforms of the Progressive Era, the New York State Tenement House Act of 1901 was one of the first such laws to ban the construction of dark, poorly ventilated tenement buildings in the state of New York. Among other sanctions, the law required that new buildings must be built with outward-facing windows in every room, an open courtyard, proper ventilation systems, indoor toilets, and fire safeguards.
Early tenement acts prior to 1901
This was not the first time that New York State passed a public law that specifically dealt with housing reform. The First Tenement House Act (1867) required fire escapes for each suite and a window for every room, the Second Tenement House Act (1879) ("Old Law") closed a loophole by requiring windows to face a source of fresh air and light, not an interior hallway. An amendment of 1887 required privies interior to the building. The failures of the Old Law — the air shafts developed to meet the minimum intent of the Act proved to be unsanitary as they filled with garbage, bilge water, and waste — led to the 1901 "New Law" and its required courtyard designed for garbage removal.
Agitation for reform
Prior to these housing laws, most reforms were undertaken by philanthropists and private individuals or organizations. This sequence of laws serves as an example of the Progressive belief that cleaner cities made better citizens. Jacob Riis, in their ground-breaking, muckraking journalistic expose of 1890, How the Other Half Lives: Studies Among the Tenements of New York attributes the reform movement to the fear of contagious disease emanating from the ghettos, especially following an outbreak of smallpox, far more contagious than the cholera and tuberculosis that had long dwelt in the Lower East Side of New York, the hub of immigrant ghetto life. They view the laws and the progressive reform movement that motivated them as a confluence of the cynically-minded with the civic-minded, eventually working towards the benefit of the burgeoning city's labor force.
The reform movement culminated in a prominent Tenement-House Exhibit of 1899 held in the old Fifth Avenue Sherry's, a Gilded Age center of elegant society. The comprehensive exhibit, marshaled by Lawrence Veiller, covered a wide range of urban concerns including bathhouses and parks, pushing reform for the first time far beyond mere building design into the broader concerns of urban planning. The exhibit was followed by a two-volume report to the New York State and Texas Tenement House Commission, leading directly to the writing of the 1901 New Law.
Architectural developments
Aesthetically, the New Law coincided with the introduction of Beaux-Arts architecture. The curious sandstone faces and gargoyles and filigreed terracotta of the previous twenty years of tenement design gave way to the more abstractly classical ornamentation of this urbane, international and more grandiose Parisian style. Because the New Law's required courtyard consumed more space than the 1879 law's air shaft, New Law tenements tend to be built on multiple lots or on corner lots to conserve space for dwelling units—the source of revenue for the tenement owner. A typical Lower East Side or East Village street will be lined with five-story, austerely unornamented pre-law (pre-1879) and six-story, fancifully decorated old law (pre-1901) tenements with the much bulkier grand-style New Law Tenements on the corners, always at least six stories tall.
See also
Tenement (law)
Lower East Side Tenement National Historic Site
Footnotes
Further reading
Roy Lubove, "Lawrence Veiller and the New York State Tenement House Commission of 1900," Mississippi Valley Historical Review, vol. 47, no. 4 (March 1961), pp. 659-677. In JSTOR
External links
Tenement Museum's description of the NY Tenement Law
Housing in New York (state)
1901 in American law
1901 in New York (state)
New York (state) statutes
Progressive Era in the United States
Salamander Crossing was a bluegrass band based in New England that disbanded in 1999. The band was composed of lead singer and fiddler Rani Arbo, Jeff Kelliher on guitar, mandolin, and vocals, and Andrew Kinsey on bass and vocals. They derived their name from a pair of tunnels under Henry Street in Amherst, Massachusetts that salamanders used in order to cross the road to mate in vernal pools. There is a salamander monument, featured on their final album cover in the Cushman Village Historic District that commemorates the first salamander crossings installed in 1987.
Rani Arbo went on to found Rani Arbo and Daisy Mayhem, of which Kinsey is a member.
Discography
Salamander Crossing (1995)
Passion Train (1996)
Bottleneck Dreams (1998)
Henry Street: A Retrospective (2000)
References
American bluegrass music groups
Signature Sounds artists
Winifred Margaret Deans (9 October 1901 – 7 June 1990) was a prolific translator of German scientific texts into English, who also taught mathematics and physics to secondary schoolchildren and worked at the Commonwealth Bureau of Animal Nutrition.
Life and education
Deans was one of two siblings, born to Duncan Deans and Mary Ann Sharp, in New Milton, Hampshire, United Kingdom. They graduated with an M.A. with First Class Honours in Mathematics from the University of Aberdeen in 1922. They also obtained a B. Sc. from the same university in 1923. They later studied at Newnham College, Cambridge, obtaining a First Class B.A. after they took Part I of the Mathematical Tripos in 1925. They earned another M.A, from Cambridge, in 1929.
Deans won several awards in the course of their education, the University of Aberdeen awarding them the Simpson mathematical prize and the Neil Arnott prize for experimental physics in 1921; they also stood first in the examination for the Greig prize in natural philosophy.
Work
Deans taught mathematics and physics at the Harrow County Secondary School for Girls for two years. They then returned to Aberdeen and received a Diploma in Education in 1927. They joined Blackie and Son, a publishing house in Glasgow as an Assistant Science Editor. They began translating German publications, primarily related to Physics and Mathematics, for them. Important translations included those of texts by Max Born, Léon Brillouin, Louis de Broglie, Peter Debye, Richard Gans, Robert Pohl and Erwin Schrödinger. They also translated Else Wegener and Fritz Loewe's chronicle of Alfred Wegener's fourth expedition to Greenland, undertaken in 1930–31.
Deans joined the Commonwealth Bureau of Animal Nutrition which was part of the Rowett Research Institute, Aberdeen, in 1945. They retired from the bureau in 1966.
Deans' library and personal papers were given to the University of Aberdeen, and can now be found in their Special Collections, Library and Archives.
Translations
With J F Shearer: Collected Papers on Wave Mechanics, E Schrödinger, translated in 1928
Selected Papers on Wave Mechanics, L de Broglie and L Brillouin, translated in 1928
Alpine Flowers: The Most Common Alpine Plants of Switzerland, Austria and Bavaria, G Hegi, translated in 1930
The Dipole Moment and Chemical Structure, P Debye, translated in 1931
The Interference of Electrons, P Debye, translated in 1931
Vector Analysis and Applications to Physics, R Gans, translated in 1932
Physical Principles of Mechanics and Acoustics, R Pohl, translated in 1932
The Structure of Molecules, P Debye, translated in 1932
The Restless Universe, M Born, translated in 1935
The Cave Children, A T Sonnleitner, translated in 1935
With J Dougall: The Physics of Solids and Fluids, P P Ewald, T Poschl and L Prandtl, translated in 1936
Greenland Journey, E Wegener and F Loewe, translated in 1939
Hinterland Liberia, E Becker-Donner, translated in 1939
References
1901 births
1990 deaths
20th-century women mathematicians
English women physicists
English translators
20th-century British women scientists
20th-century British translators
20th-century British physicists
People from New Milton
Scientists from Hampshire
Alumni of the University of Aberdeen
Alumni of Newnham College, Cambridge
20th-century English women
20th-century English people
This is a list of villages in Rogaland, a county of Norway. For other counties see the lists of villages in Norway.
The list excludes cities located in Rogaland.
References
External links
Rogaland
Chakravakam is a 1974 Telugu drama film based on the novel titled Chakravakam written by Koduri Kausalya Devi.
Cast
Sobhan Babu as Kiran
Vanisree as Devarani
Chandrakala as Indrani
S. V. Ranga Rao as Dharma Rayudu
Anjali Devi
Nagabhushanam as Jagapati
G. Varalakshmi
Allu Ramalingaiah as Nageshwaraiah
Krishna Kumari
Rajasulochana as Janaki
Padmanabham as Sriram
Sreedhar as Diwakar
Rajababu
D. Ramanaidu
K.V. Chalam
Soundtrack
"Ee Nadila Naa Hrudayam Parugulu Teestundi" (Singers: V. Ramakrishna and P. Susheela)
"Kothaga Pellaina Kurravaniki Pattapagale Tondara" (Singers: V. Ramakrishna and P. Susheela)
"Veenaleni Teeganu Neevuleni Bratukunu" (Singers: V. Ramakrishna and P. Susheela)
"Veenalona Teegalona Ekkadunnadi Ragamu" (Singer: P. Susheela)
Boxoffice
The film ran successfully for 200 days in Hyderabad.
References
External links
1974 films
Films directed by V. Madhusudhan Rao
Films scored by K. V. Mahadevan
1970s Telugu-language films
Suresh Productions films
Dalvik is a discontinued process virtual machine (VM) in Android operating system that executes applications written for Android. (Dalvik bytecode format is still used as a distribution format, but no longer at runtime in newer Android versions.) Dalvik was an integral part of the Android software stack in the (now unsupported) Android versions 4.4 "KitKat" and earlier, which were commonly used on mobile devices such as mobile phones and tablet computers, and more in some devices such as smart TVs and wearables. Dalvik is open-source software, originally written by Dan Bornstein, who named it after the fishing village of Dalvík in Eyjafjörður, Iceland.
Programs for Android are commonly written in Java and compiled to bytecode for the Java Virtual Machine, which is then translated to Dalvik bytecode and stored in .dex (Dalvik EXecutable) and .odex (Optimized Dalvik EXecutable) files; related terms odex and de-odex are associated with respective bytecode conversions. The compact Dalvik Executable format is designed for systems that are constrained in terms of memory and processor speed.
The successor of Dalvik is Android Runtime (ART), which uses the same bytecode and .dex files (but not .odex files), with the succession aiming at performance improvements. The new runtime environment was included for the first time in Android 4.4 "KitKat" as a technology preview, and replaced Dalvik entirely in later versions; Android 5.0 "Lollipop" is the first version in which ART is the only included runtime.
Architecture
LikeJava Virtual Machines, which are stack machines, the Dalvik VM uses a register-based architecture that requires fewer, typically more complex, virtual machine instructions. Dalvik programs are written in Java using the Android application programming interface (API), compiled to Java bytecode, and converted to Dalvik instructions as necessary.
A tool called dx is used to convert Java .class files into the .dex format. Multiple classes are included in a single .dex file. Duplicate strings and other constants used in multiple class files are included only once in the .dex output to conserve space. Java bytecode is also converted into an alternative instruction set used by the Dalvik VM. An uncompressed .dex file is typically a few percent smaller in size than a compressed Java archive (JAR) derived from the same .class files.
The Dalvik executables may be modified again when installed onto a mobile device. In order to gain further optimizations, byte order may be swapped in certain data, simple data structures and function libraries may be linked inline, and empty class objects may be short-circuited, for example.
Being optimized for low memory requirements, Dalvik has some specific characteristics that differentiate it from other standard VMs:
The VM was slimmed down to use less space.
The constant pool has been modified to use only 32-bit indices to simplify the interpreter.
Standard Java bytecode executes 8-bit stack instructions. Local variables must be copied to or from the operand stack by separate instructions. Dalvik instead uses its own 16-bit instruction set that works directly on local variables. The local variable is commonly picked by a 4-bit "virtual register" field. This lowers Dalvik's instruction count and raises its interpreter speed.
According to Google, the design of Dalvik permits a device to run multiple instances of the VM efficiently.
Android 2.2 "Froyo" brought trace-based just-in-time (JIT) compilation into Dalvik, optimizing the execution of applications by continually profiling applications each time they run and dynamically compiling frequently executed short segments of their bytecode into native machine code. While Dalvik interprets the rest of application's bytecode, native execution of those short bytecode segments, called "traces", provides significant performance improvements.
Performance
The relative merits of stack machines versus register-based approaches are a subject of ongoing debate.
Generally, stack-based machines must use instructions to load data on the stack and manipulate that data, and, thus, require more instructions than register machines to implement the same high-level code, but the instructions in a register machine must encode the source and destination registers and, therefore, tend to be larger. This difference is of importance to VM interpreters, for which opcode dispatch tends to be expensive, along with other factors similarly relevant to just-in-time compilation.
Tests performed on ARMv7 devices in 2010 by Oracle (owner of the Java technology) with standard non-graphical Java benchmarks showed the HotSpot VM of Java SE embedded to be 2–3 times faster than the JIT-based Dalvik VM of Android 2.2 (the initial Android release that included a JIT compiler). In 2012, academic benchmarks confirmed the factor of 3 between HotSpot and Dalvik on the same Android board, also noting that Dalvik code was not smaller than Hotspot.
Furthermore, , benchmarks performed on an Android device still show up to a factor 100 between native applications and a Dalvik application on the same Android device. Upon running benchmarks using the early interpreter of 2009, both Java Native Interface (JNI) and native code showed an order of magnitude speedup.
Licensing and patents
Dalvik is published under the terms of the Apache License 2.0. Some say that Dalvik is a clean-room implementation rather than a development on top of a standard Java runtime, which would mean it does not inherit copyright-based license restrictions from either the standard-edition or open-source-edition Java runtimes.
Oracle and some reviewers dispute this.
On August 12, 2010, Oracle, which acquired Sun Microsystems in April 2009 and therefore owns the rights to Java, sued Google over claimed infringement of copyrights and patents. Oracle alleged that Google, in developing Android, knowingly, directly and repeatedly infringed Oracle's Java-related intellectual property. In May 2012, the jury in this case found that Google did not infringe on Oracle's patents, and the trial judge ruled that the structure of the Java APIs used by Google was not copyrightable. The parties agreed to zero dollars in statutory damages for 9 lines of copied code.
See also
Android Runtime
Android software development
Application virtualization
Comparison of application virtual machines
Comparison of Java and Android API
JEB decompiler – a Dalvik (DEX and APK) decompiler
Dalvik Turbo virtual machine – a proprietary alternative Dalvik implementation
References
External links
Dalvik bytecode – official Android documentation of the instruction set
Dex Executable format – official Android documentation
, Google I/O 2010, by Ben Cheng and Bill Buzbee
Dalvik VM Internals, Google I/O 2008, by Dan Bornstein
The $800 Million Dollar Question: What's the Difference Between Trademark and Copyright?
Android (operating system)
Discontinued Java virtual machines
Register-based virtual machines
Bytecodes
The Illusion is the 33rd book in the Animorphs series, written by K.A. Applegate. It is known to have been ghostwritten by Ellen Geroux. It is narrated by Tobias.
Plot summary
The Yeerks have finished their anti-morphing ray and want to test it. Tobias comes up with a plan to trick the Yeerks into thinking that it doesn't work; if they capture him, they will try to use it on their hawk form, but hawk is their true form now. Tobias acquires Ax—thus allowing them to 'demorph' and reinforce the impression that they are a genuine Andalite—and then gets captured by the Yeerks. Rachel was supposed to be with them in fly morph to be able to rescue them and tell the rest where the lab was. However, sub-visser Taylor gave them an anesthetic so they couldn't grip to Tobias and fell to the floor. Tobias, alone and trapped, tries to get demorphed unsuccessfully since they are already demorphed.  They are then tortured by the sadistic Taylor with a machine that controls the parts of the brain that induce pain and pleasure. They almost goes insane and nearly dies after receiving heightened, alternating doses of painful and pleasant sensations and memories. They see painful memories of childhood neglect or battle, after seeing pleasant peaceful memories. This process nearly kills him. Here, they experienced an Utzum, later explained by Ax to be a vision ancient Andalites believed happened at the moment of death to comfort those crossing over. These images are supposed to be passed through DNA. Tobias is spoken to by their father Elfangor who shares with them their own memories of hardship, battle, their moments of questioning themselves and their own actions. They remind Tobias that they are part of a great tradition of warriors in order to comfort them before their death. Tobias is rescued by Ax and the other Animorphs. In the battle they persuade Rachel not to kill Taylor, so as not sink to their level. After the battle Tobias continues to question who and what they are. However they take comfort in their relationship with Rachel and they kiss them for the first time.
Morphs
Animorphs books
1999 American novels
1999 science fiction novels
Books about birds
Works about torture
A.S.D. SolbiaSommese Calcio is an Italian association football club located in Somma Lombardo and also representing the town of Solbiate Arno (Province of Varese), Lombardy. It currently plays in Eccellenza Lombardy/A.
History
Foundation
The club was founded in 2012 after the merger of A.S. Solbiatese Arno Calcio and S.S. Sommese 1920.
Before the merger
Solbiatese Arno Calcio
The team was founded in 1911 as A.S. Solbiatese Calcio in Solbiate Arno and spent several seasons in Serie C and Serie C2. It was refounded as Solbiatese Arno Calcio in 2000, taking Solbiatese Arno Calcio, by merging with A.S. Arno Calcio (founded 1980 in the same town).
During the seasons 2007–10, their top scorer has been Massimo 'Max' Marsich.
In the 2010–11 season, the club was relegated from Serie D group B to Eccellenza Lombardy. In the next season it was again relegated to Promozione Lombardy
S.S. Sommese 1920
The team was founded in 1920 in Somma Lombardo.
In the 2011–12 it was ranked 2nd in Eccellenza Lombardy/A and was defeated by Real Vicenza in the final playoffs.
Colors and badge
Its colors are black and blue.
References
External links
Football clubs in Italy
Football clubs in Lombardy
Association football clubs established in 2012
2012 establishments in Italy
Georges Rebelo Chikoti (born 16 June 1955) is an Angolan diplomat. They are, since 1 March 2020, the Secretary General of the Organization of African, Caribbean and Pacific States (OACPS). They served as Angola's Minister of Foreign Affairs from 2010 to 2017.
Early life and education
Georges Rebelo Pinto Chikoti was born at Dondi in Huambo Province, Angola. Chikoti spent a great part of their childhood in Zambia, returning to Angola in 1975. In the early 1980s they were one of the first high-ranking officials of UNITA and their leader Jonas Savimbi subsequently sent them to the Ivory Coast for an education program in 1978. They began studies at the University of Abidjan in 1979. They received a master's degree in Economic Geography in 1985. They then pursued doctoral studies at the University of Paris, receiving a diploma of higher studies (with thesis) in 1986.
Career
Chikoti emigrated to Canada in 1987 and worked at the Imperial Bank of Canada in Toronto for several years before enrolling in the Institute of International Relations and Cooperation at the University of Ottawa in 1989. There they received a diploma in international relations and was also accredited as an assistant professor. At the same time they served as a consultant to the Canadian International Development Agency (CIDA). In 1990, while still living in Canada, they founded the Angolan Democratic Forum, a political party based on their views and philosophy. In 1992, President José Eduardo dos Santos invited Chikoti to return to Angola and serve in the Angolan Government as Deputy Minister of External Relations. In 1994, they were formally appointed ambassador in the Angolan diplomatic corps. They have represented the Angolan government at a number of international conferences and summits. They also headed the Angolan delegation to several sessions of the U.S.-Angola Bilateral Consultative Commission in Luanda and Washington in 1999-2000. A decade after entering the government, they are one of the longest serving senior officials.
Chikoti was one of the first members of UNITA who traveled to Luanda before the Bicesse agreements, implying that the MPLA government could find a 'modus vivendi' with members of UNITA who did not agree with Jonas Savimbi. The Angolan Democratic Forum participated in the first elections and obtained a seat in the National Assembly. Chikoti later left their party and joined the MPLA, eventually ascending to its Central Committee. George Chikoti has many critics within UNITA, who considered their approach to the MPLA as a betrayal.
Chikoti opposed the 2011 military intervention in Libya. They said on 29 March 2011 in Luanda, that the Angolan Government defends dialogue for the resolution of the Libyan deadlock instead of a military intervention. Speaking to the press about the current international matters, Chikoti said that any military intervention may contribute to the worsening of the problem.
See also
List of current foreign ministers
List of foreign ministers in 2017
List of current Angolan ministers
Foreign relations of Angola
References
External links
1955 births
Living people
Ambassadors of Angola to Belgium
Ambassadors of Angola to the European Union
Ambassadors of Angola to Luxembourg
Angolan diplomats
Foreign ministers of Angola
Université Félix Houphouët-Boigny alumni
University of Paris alumni
Angolan expatriates in France
The Gorodetsky Glacier is a rock glacier on the Northern slope of the Zailiysky Alatau range. The glacier consists of left and right branches. The glacier was visited by dendrologist and archaeologist Vladimir Dmitrievich Gorodetsky (1878–1943) the first time in 1916. The glacier was named in honor of Gorodetsky 20 years later. In Soviet times, prominent glacier scientists worked on the glacier, including academician of the Academy of Sciences of the Kazakh SSR Nikolai Nikitich Palgov (1889–1970).
The left branch
The left branch of the glacier begins with the steep slopes of the axial ridge, the tops of which rise to a height of 4000 m. The ice volume of the glacier in this branch is 0.14 km 3. The line of the branch is located at an altitude of 3770 m. The length of the branch is 5.5 km and the area is 3.8 km2. Since 1982, this branch of the glacier has been retreating. The end of the left branch from 1938 to 1961 retreated by 320 m, the right from 1923 to 1960 by 173 m.
The right branch
The right branch is located in the Western direction. It starts from the crest of a side spur that separates the Bolshaya Almatinka river basin from the Talgar river basin. The branch ends at an altitude of 3650 m. The ice volume of the right branch is 0.10 km3.
Source and links
Алма-Ата. Энциклопедия / Гл. ред. Козыбаев М. К.. — Алма-Ата: Гл. ред. Казахской советской энциклопедии, 1983. — 608 с. — 60 000 экз.
References
Glaciers of Kazakhstan
Tian Shan
Mt. Zion Baptist Church is a historic church at 514 West North Street in Canton, Mississippi.
The Classical Revival building was constructed in 1929 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
References
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Mississippi
Neoclassical architecture in Mississippi
Churches completed in 1929
1929 establishments in Mississippi
National Register of Historic Places in Madison County, Mississippi
Baptist churches in Mississippi
Neoclassical church buildings in the United States
The Danbury Hat Tricks are a professional ice hockey team based in Danbury, Connecticut. The team is a member of the Federal Prospects Hockey League and plays at the Danbury Ice Arena.
History
The Danbury Hat Tricks were announced as a member of the Federal Prospects Hockey League on May 7, 2019. Former FHL player Billy McCreary was announced a general manager and head coach. The team is owned by DP 110 LLC, the same group that had recently purchased the Danbury Ice Arena. The first signings by the team were goaltender Jordan Brant and defenseman Kruz Listmayer. Listmayer is the nephew of Hat Tricks co-owner and former NHLer Colton Orr.
The Hat Tricks are the third FHL/FPHL team to have played in Danbury, the previous being the Whalers and Titans. The five stars in the Hat Tricks logo refer to the five previous professional teams to have played in the city; the others being the Trashers, Stars and Mad Hatters. Besides the obvious reference to the players that score three goals in a single game, the team's name pays tribute to Danbury being known as 'Hat City' due to its history at the center of the American hat industry.
During the team's inaugural season, Danbury was in first place in the Eastern Division when the league cancelled the rest of the season due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Billy McCreary stepped down as head coach after winning Coach of the Year to take the head coaching job with the North American Hockey League's (NAHL) Danbury Jr. Hat Tricks, but kept the general manager position with the FPHL team. Former Maine Mariners assistant coach Anthony Bohn was named head coach. The team opted out of the 2020–21 season entirely due to capacity restrictions in the arena during the pandemic. Before returning in the 2021–22 season, Bohn left to become the head coach of the NAHL's El Paso Rhinos and the Hat Tricks hired former Danbury Trashers captain Dave MacIsaac as head coach.
In the 2021-22 season, the Hat Tricks were among the league's best, but were swept in the second round to Columbus.
Following the season, McCreary was named Head Coach a second time, while also adding on President of Hockey Operations, replacing MacIsaac who went on to future endeavors.
Season-by-season results
Source:
Awards
Forward of the Year
2019–20: Carter Shinkaruk
2021–22: Jonny Ruiz
Defenseman of the Year
2019–20: Aaron Atwell
2021–22: Steve Brown
Goaltender of the Year
2019–20: Tom McGuckin
Coach of the Year
2019–20: Billy McCreary
Founders' Award
2019–20: John Krupinsky
2021–22: Billy McCreary
Broadcasters of the Year
2019–20: Casey Bryant, Jack O'Marra, Zak McGinniss
Goaltender of the Month
February 2019–20: Tom McGuckin
Franchise Leaders
All-time and season leaders:
All-time regular season
Games played: Jonny Ruiz, 102
Goals scored: Jonny Ruiz, 74
Assists: Jonny Ruiz, 60
Points: Jonny Ruiz, 134
Penalty minutes: Dustin Jesseau, 154
All-time postseason
Games played: 13 different players, 5
Goals scored: Steve Mele, 6
Assists: Dmitry Kuznetsov, 4
Points: Steve Mele & Jonny Ruiz, 7
Penalty minutes: Dustin Jesseau, 34
All-time (including regular season & postseason)
Games played: Jonny Ruiz, 107
Goals scored: Jonny Ruiz, 79
Assists: Jonny Ruiz, 63
Points: Jonny Ruiz, 141
Penalty minutes: Dustin Jesseau, 188
Season records
Goals scored: Jonny Ruiz, 49 (2021-22)
Assists: Carter Shinkaruk, 38 (2019-20)
Points: Jonny Ruiz, 85 (2021-22)
Penalty minutes: Dustin Jesseau, 154 (2021-22)
Postseason records
Goals scored: Steve Mele, 6 (2022)
Assists: Dmitry Kuznetsov, 4 (2022)
Points: Steve Mele & Jonny Ruiz, 7 (2022)
Penalty minutes: Dustin Jesseau, 34 (2022)
References
External links
Danbury Hat Tricks
Federal Prospects Hockey League teams
Ice hockey clubs established in 2019
Ice hockey teams in Connecticut
2019 establishments in Connecticut
Danbury, Connecticut
Sports in Fairfield County, Connecticut
Cuatro Islas (Spanish, meaning "Four Islands") is a group of islands belonging to the municipalities of Inopacan and Hindang, in the province of Leyte, Philippines. This group of islands is composed of Apid, Digyo and Mahaba, which belong to the administrative jurisdiction of the municipality of Inopacan, while Himokilan belongs to the administrative jurisdiction of the municipality of Hindang.
Tourism
The islands are drawing a good number of local and foreign tourists to their pristine beaches and coral reefs. While the islands are protected by the combination of overfishing, and poorly enforced fishing regulations, unmanaged solid waste (especially plastics) have put the islands and their associated marine ecosystems under pressure. With improved protection (especially expansion of the sanctuary areas) and infrastructure, the islands ecosystems health can recover.
The islands hold great potential to become a recreational diving destination, as the marine ecosystems' health improves and proper infrastructure is established.
See also
List of protected areas of the Philippines
References
http://www.wowphilippines.com.ph/explore_phil/place_details.asp?content=thingstodo&province=44
Protected landscapes and seascapes of the Philippines
Islands of Leyte (province)
Lewis Blake (born June 1946) is a British poet and artist.  They are a member of the Cambridge School of poetry, and, to a certain extent, the British Poetry Revival.
Life
Blake was born in Reydon, near Southwold in Suffolk in June 1946. They were educated at City College Norwich before going to read Philosophy and English Literature at the University of Bristol.
For some time they worked as a newspaper journalist as a writer of obituaries and a reviewer of literary texts. As well as working as a mainstream journalist they have also written reviews for the academic journals ELH and PMLA.
Works
Blake's works are known for their surreal humour, unusual use of subordinate clauses and their borrowing of esoteric, technical words. Their poems include such combinations as computer acronyms and file types juxtaposed with hip-hop style speech and literary criticism and valley girl speak.
Influences
Blake's influences are wide ranging, and their poems contain eclectic references to different cultures. In particular they draw on surrealism, dadaism, the contemporary avant-garde and members of the beat generation.
References
Their poetry is included in:
Persing, Louisa, Ed. (1976). To Banbury Cross and Back: A Collection of Modern Poetry, Palomar Publishing Co.
1946 births
Living people
People from Southwold
English male journalists
Alumni of the University of Bristol
English male poets
Prednazate, a combination of prednisolone hemisuccinate with perphenazine, is a synthetic glucocorticoid corticosteroid as well as typical antipsychotic and sedative/tranquilizer. It was a component of Sixty Six-20, a combination of prednazate (prednisolone hemisuccinate and perphenazine) and chlorpheniramine.
See also
Prednazoline
Prednimustine
References
Anxiolytics
Chloroarenes
Corticosteroid esters
Corticosteroids
Diketones
Glucocorticoids
Mineralocorticoids
Phenothiazines
Piperazines
Pregnanes
Sedatives
Succinate esters
Triols
Typical antipsychotics
Petar Đuričković (Serbian Cyrillic: Петар Ђуричковић; born 20 June 1991) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Serbian club Kolubara Lazarevac.
Career
Prior to their transfer, they were a member of the Serbian champions since June 2016, won a double crown and played a total of 38 matches for Partizan in all competitions (2 goals, 4 assists). On 22 December 2017, they signed a two and a half year contract with Greek Super League club Xanthi for an undisclosed fee, and after a successful period in Greece they signed a one-year contract with Serbian club Radnički Niš on 30 September, 2020.At 8 september 2021,he signed a 1 year contract with FK Napredak Kruševac .
Honours
Red Star
Serbian Cup: 2011–12
Partizan
Serbian SuperLiga: 2016–17
Serbian Cup: 2016–17
References
External links
Petar Đuričković stats at utakmica.rs
1991 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Pristina
Kosovo Serbs
Association football midfielders
Serbian footballers
Red Star Belgrade footballers
FK Radnički 1923 players
FK Radnički Niš players
FK Partizan players
Xanthi F.C. players
FK Napredak Kruševac players
Serbian SuperLiga players
Mount Coates may refer to:
Mount Coates (Mac. Robertson Land)
Mount Coates (Victoria Land)
The Women's 800 metre freestyle competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships was held on 23 and 24 June 2022.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing world and championship records were as follows.
Results
Heats
The heats were started on 23 June at 10:31.
Final
The final was held on 24 June at 19:26.
References
Women's 800 metre freestyle
Holborn tramway station was a tram stop underneath Kingsway in central London, England. It was built in 1906 by the London County Council Tramways as part of the Kingsway tramway subway, joining the separate networks of tramways in North and South London. When opened it was named Great Queen Street.
Services
Tram services commenced on 24 February 1906, running from Angel to Aldwych, the next station in the subway. Through services across London began on 10 April 1908, running from Highbury station through Holborn and then east to Tower Bridge or south to Kennington Gate.
The routes that used the Kingsway Subway were numbered 31, 33, and 35.
Following the decision to withdraw tram services in London and replace them with buses, the station closed just after 12.30am on 6 April 1952. Much of the station remains in the disused subway but there is no public access. In 2004 it was expected that redevelopment work in the remaining subway would probably obliterate what remains exist.
Alternative uses
The station was used as a location in the 2008 film The Escapist, as a fictional London Underground station called "Union Street", which was said to be on the Northern line between Elephant & Castle and Borough. Remains of the film props, such as a fake tube map and a Union Street tube roundel, can still be seen pasted to the walls of the station. The props date from 2008, and are not part of the original station.
In 2009 the subway and station was the venue for an art installation, Chord, by Conrad Shawcross.
References
External links
Transport Museum Photographic Archive Holborn Tram Station in 1933
Underground-History.co.uk Includes illustrated account of a visit to the site in November 2003
Photos of the tram station & tunnel during the 2009 Shawcross exhibition (The Londonist)
Urban75.org report on the tunnel
Trams in London
Transport in the London Borough of Camden
Ugo Amaldi may refer to:
Ugo Amaldi (mathematician) (1875–1957), Italian mathematician
Ugo Amaldi (physicist) (born 1934), Italian physicist, grandson of the above
Joan Reed (born ) is an English curler and curling coach.
At the national level, they are a ten-time English women's champion (1988, 1990, 1991, 1994, 1997, 1998, 2000, 2005, 2006, 2007) and 2005 English mixed champion curler.
Teams
Women's curling
Mixed curling
Record as a coach of national teams
References
External links
Living people
1952 births
English female curlers
English curling champions
English curling coaches
Place of birth missing (living people)
The jirba ( (also spelled ; also transliterated dzirba, girba) is a traditional folk instrument from Bahrain. It is a droneless, double-reeded, single-chantered bagpipe, played particularly by ethnic Iranians, as well as on the Kuwaiti island of Faylaka. The bag is usually made from the skin of a goat, and filled with air via the mouth. The lower part of the bag is attached to a wooden flute like instrument which has either 4 or 6 holes. The two reeds are positioned side by side which produce a harmonious double note.
See also
Habban
Ney anban
Sources
"The art of the "jirbah" (in Arabic)
Bagpipes
Arabic musical instruments
Bahraini musical instruments
Kuwaiti musical instruments
Cobria rufa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1961. It is known from Australia.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1961
The 2003–04 season was Reading's second consecutive season in the First Division, after promotion from the Second Division in 2002.
Squad
Left club during season
Transfers
In
Loan in
Out
Released
Competitions
Overview
First Division
Results summary
Results
League table
League Cup
FA Cup
Squad statistics
Appearances and goals
|-
|colspan="14"|Players who appeared for Reading but left during the season:
|}
Goal scorers
Clean sheets
Disciplinary record
References
Reading F.C. seasons
Reading
zh:雷丁2010年至2011年球季
Aashirvaad is a brand of staple food and kitchen ingredients owned by ITC Ltd. The Aashirvaad range of products include Atta flour, Salt, Spices and Instant mixes.
Atta
ITC entered the branded Atta market with the launch of Aashirvaad Atta in Bengal and Chandigarh on 26 May 2002. The product is now available all over India.
The Aashirvaad package is PET Poly, with the design showcasing the farming process undertaken in the rural heartland of India in the form of a Madhubani painting.
Select atta
Aashirvaad Select Atta is made from Sharbati wheat which comes from Sehore district Madhya Pradesh. Aashirvaad Select Atta (5 kg pack) was awarded the World Star Award for Excellence in Packaging in the Consumer Pack Category.
Salt
ITC launched branded packaged salt under the brand name ‘Aashirvaad Salt' on 26 March 2003.
Spices
ITC forayed into the branded spices market with the launch of Aashirvaad Spices in Northern India in May 2005. The offering currently consists of Chilli, Turmeric and Coriander powder in SKUs of 50g, 100g, 200g and 500g each.
The company entered organic foods retailing in July 2007 with the launch of Aashirvaad Select Organic Spices. Aashirvaad Select currently offers chilli, turmeric and coriander powders. The organic spices are available in packs of 1000 grams.
Instant mixes
This range, launched in March '06, includes Gulab Jamun, Rava Idli, Rice Idli, Rice Dosa, Khaman Dhokla, Rasmalai and Vada mix. The Rava idli Mix is available in 500g pack and rest of the products are available in 200g packs. The latest entrants to the portfolio include Rasmalai and Vada mixes. Rasmalai mix is available in 126g pack and Vada mix in 200g pack.
Multi-purpose cooking paste
The Multi-Purpose Cooking paste is the latest offering from the ‘Aashirvaad' brand. The ‘Aashirvaad' Multi-Purpose cooking paste is positioned as a kitchen aide. The product, ‘', is a fried paste of onions, tomatoes, ginger and garlic shallow fried in refined sunflower oil. It is a basic paste used for most North Indian dishes. It is suitable for all tomato-based dishes. The ‘Aashirvaad' Multi-Purpose Cooking paste is available in Delhi, Chennai, Hyderabad, Bengaluru, Kolkata, Ahmedabad, Mumbai and Pune at grocery outlets. It is available in pouch size of 100g and 280g bottle.
References
External links
Aashirvaad Official Site
ITC Foods, Aashirvaad
Aashirvaad Sugar Release Control Atta site
Indian brands
Salt industry in India
Companies based in Kolkata
Products introduced in 2002
The 2013–14 FA Cup (also known as The FA Cup with Budweiser for sponsorship reasons) was the 133rd season of the FA Cup, the main domestic cup competition in English football, and the oldest football knock-out competition in the world. It was sponsored by Budweiser for a third consecutive season. 737 clubs from England and Wales entered the competition, which began with the Extra Preliminary Round on 16 August. For the first time in the history of the FA Cup, a team from Guernsey entered the competition, Guernsey F.C., who made it to the Second Round Qualifying.
The defending champions were Championship side Wigan Athletic, who beat Manchester City 1–0 with an injury time winner by Ben Watson in the 2013 Final. Wigan were the first team to win the FA Cup and to be relegated in the same season. It was also the first time that they had won the FA Cup in their history. They entered the competition in the Third Round Proper alongside all the Premier League and Championship teams, advancing all the way to the semi-finals.
On 17 May 2014, Arsenal won the final at Wembley Stadium, defeating Hull City 3–2 after an extra time winner from Aaron Ramsey. This was the 11th win in the FA Cup for the club, a tied record together with Manchester United.
As the winners of the FA Cup, Arsenal were entitled to play in the 2014–15 UEFA Europa League group stage. However, Arsenal had already qualified for the 2014–15 UEFA Champions League after finishing fourth in the 2013–14 Premier League so Hull City took the Europa League place as the FA Cup runners-up. Since Hull City did not win the Cup, they did not qualify for the group stage (as the Cup winners would do). Instead they qualified for the third qualifying round and the other English teams already qualified for Europa League, Everton and Tottenham Hotspur, moved up one round to the Europa League group stage and play-off round respectively.
Teams
Prize fund
Qualifying rounds
All of the teams entering the competition that are not members of either the Premier League or the Football League had to compete in the qualifying rounds to win a place in the competition proper. The qualifying rounds decide which 32 non-league teams play in the First Round Proper.
First Round Proper
The First Round draw took place on Sunday 27 October at 1.35pm. A total of 80 teams will compete, 32 of which having progressed from the Fourth Qualifying Round and 48 clubs from the Football League. The 48 Football League clubs that will enter the First Round Proper comprise Football League One and Football League Two. The lowest ranked sides in this round were Daventry Town and Shortwood United; they are the only level 8 teams left in the competition.
Second Round Proper
The Second Round draw took place on Sunday 10 November at 4.10pm. A total of 40 teams will compete, all of which having progressed from the First Round Proper. The lowest ranked side to qualify for this round is Stourbridge. They are the only level 7 team left in the competition.
Notes
Third Round Proper
The Third Round draw took place on Sunday, 8 December at 16:10. A total of 64 teams competed, 20 of which had progressed from the Second Round Proper along with 44 clubs from the Premier League and Football League Championship. The lowest ranked sides that qualified for this round were Kidderminster Harriers, Macclesfield Town and Grimsby Town; they were the only level 5 teams left in the competition.
Fourth Round Proper
The Fourth Round draw took place on Sunday 5 January 2014, live on ITV at 14:00. Kidderminster Harriers were the lowest ranked team to qualify for this round. They were the only non-league / level 5 team left in the competition.
Fifth Round Proper
The Fifth Round draw took place at Wembley Stadium on Sunday 26 January 2014. A total of 16 teams competed, all of which has progressed from the Fourth Round Proper. The lowest ranked side qualified for this round are Sheffield United. They are the only level 3 team in the Fifth Round.
Sixth Round Proper
The draw for the Sixth Round took place on Sunday 16 February 2014. The lowest ranked side qualified for this round is Sheffield United. They are the only level 3 team in the Sixth Round.
Semi-finals
The draw for the Semi-Finals took place at Wembley Stadium, London on Sunday 9 March 2014. A total of four teams compete, all of which have progressed from the Sixth Round Proper. The lowest ranked team qualified for this round is Sheffield United. They are the only level 3 team in the Semi-Finals. The matches were delayed by 7 minutes to mark the 25th anniversary of the Hillsborough Disaster, which took place on 15 April 1989 in an FA Cup semi-final match between Nottingham Forest and Liverpool, claiming 97 lives.
Final
Top scorers
Broadcasting rights
The domestic broadcasting rights for the competition were held by the free-to-air channel ITV and the new subscription channel BT Sport. ITV has held the rights since 2008–09, while BT Sport bought ESPN's remaining FA Cup rights in February 2013. The FA Cup Final must be broadcast live on UK terrestrial television under the Ofcom code of protected sporting events.
These matches were broadcast live on UK television:
References
FA Cup seasons
Fa Cup
FA Cup
Cathussach mac Ailello (died 749) was a Dál nAraidi king of Ulaid, in medieval Ireland. They were the son of Ailill mac Dúngaile Eilni (died 690), a previous king of Dál nAraidi and nephew of Cú Chuarán mac Dúngail Eilni (died 708), a previous king of Ulaid. They ruled from 735-749. They belonged to a branch of this family that settled in Eilne, a strip of territory located between the Bann and Bush rivers in modern County Antrim, Northern Ireland.
It is uncertain at what date they acquired the kingship of Dál nAraidi. The death of Dub dá Inber mac Congalaig as king of the Cruthin (the title used for them at this time in the annals) is recorded in 727. Indrechtach mac Lethlobair (died 741) is also listed before Cathussach in the king lists but it is possible they resigned the kingship to Indrechtach upon becoming King of Ulaid in 735.
Cathussach was killed at Ráith Beithech (Rathveagh, modern County Antrim) probably in the interest of the rival Dál Fiatach who retook the kingship of Ulaid.
Neither the Annals of Tigernach nor the Annals of Ulster give them the title king of Ulaid at their death notice but instead refer to them as King of the Cruthin. Professor Byrne believes that there may have been an interregnum in Ulaid between 735-750. This would give a possible reign for Cathussach over the Dál nAraidi from 741-749 if this were true and would explain their placing in the king lists of the Cruthin.
Their son Cináed Ciarrge mac Cathussaig (died 776) was also king of Dál nAraidi.
Notes
References
Annals of Ulster at at University College Cork
Annals of Tigernach at at University College Cork
Byrne, Francis John (2001), Irish Kings and High-Kings, Dublin: Four Courts Press,
Charles-Edwards, T. M. (2000), Early Christian Ireland, Cambridge: Cambridge University Press,
Mac Niocaill, Gearoid (1972), Ireland before the Vikings, Dublin: Gill and Macmillan
External links
CELT: Corpus of Electronic Texts at University College Cork
Cruthin
Ulaid
Kings of Ulster
Kings of Dál nAraidi
749 deaths
8th-century Irish monarchs
Year of birth unknown
Ruslan Mykolayovych Yermolenko () is a Ukrainian retired footballer.
Career
Andrey Belousov is a pupil of the Kiev sports with Dynamo-3 Kyiv and Dynamo-2 Kyiv from 1998 until 2003. In 2002 they played also for Obolon Kyiv, Obolon-2 Bucha and Nyva Vinnytsia. In 2003 they played for Metalist Kharkiv and Metalist-2 Kharkiv. In 2004 they returned to Nyva Vinnytsia where they played 30 matches and scored 3 goal. In 2005 they played for Stal Alchevsk, Borysfen Boryspil and in 2006 they moved to Desna Chernihiv the main club of the city of Chernihiv where they played 2 seasons, playing 30 matches and scored 2 goals. In 2007 they moved to Dnister Ovidiopol playing 32 matches and 11 matches with Feniks-Illichovets Kalinine. In 2009 they returned to Desna Chernihiv, where they played 16 matches and scored 4 goals. In 2010 they played 10 matches with Krymteplytsia Molodizhne and scoring 1 goal. In 2014 they moved to Arsenal Kyiv.
Honours
Dynamo Kyiv
Ukrainian Cup: (1) 2002
Metalist Kharkiv
Ukrainian First League: (1) 2003–04
Dynamo-2 Kyiv
Ukrainian First League: (3) 1998–99, 1999–2000, 2000–01
References
External links
Ruslan Ermolenkov footballfacts.ru
Ruslan Ermolenkov allplayers.in.ua
1983 births
Living people
Footballers from Chernihiv
Association football midfielders
FC Desna Chernihiv players
FC Dynamo-3 Kyiv players
FC Dynamo-2 Kyiv players
FC Obolon-Brovar Kyiv players
FC Nyva Vinnytsia players
FC Metalist Kharkiv players
FC Metalist-2 Kharkiv players
FC Stal Alchevsk players
FC Borysfen Boryspil players
FC Dnister Ovidiopol players
FC Feniks-Illichovets Kalinine players
FC Arsenal Kyiv players
Ukrainian footballers
Ukrainian Premier League players
Ukrainian First League players
Ukrainian Second League players
Poplar Ridge is an unincorporated community in Darke County, in the U.S. state of Ohio.
History
Poplar Ridge was laid out on the Greenville and West Milton Pike. A post office called Poplar Ridge was established in 1850, and remained in operation until 1899
References
Unincorporated communities in Darke County, Ohio
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
Sorolopha dorsichlora is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Burma and Vietnam.
The wingspan is about 18 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is brownish with brown strigulae (fine streaks) and weak greenish suffusions postmedially in the costal half and green in the dorsal half. The hindwings are brownish.
Etymology
The name refers to the colouration of the forewing dorsum and is derived from Greek chloros (meaning green).
References
Moths described in 2009
Olethreutini
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
The Dashanbao Black-necked Crane National Nature Reserve () is a state-level nature reserve located in Dashanbao Township, Zhaoyang District, Zhaotong prefecture-level city, Yunnan Province, China. The reserve has been set up to protect a total area of 19,200 hectares of plateau marshland at altitudes between 2,200 and 3,300 meters that provide winter habitat for the Black-necked crane. The reserve has been designated as a Ramsar site since 2004.
References
Nature reserves in China
Ramsar sites in China
Geography of Zhaotong
Timothy Charles Fox (born August 22, 1957) is an American lawyer and Republican politician who served as the Attorney General of Montana from 2013 to 2021. Fox was a candidate for governor of Montana in the Republican Primary of the 2020 election.
Early life and education
Fox was born on August 22, 1957. A native of Hardin, Montana, they are one of five sons of Rich and Roberta Fox. Fox graduated from the University of Montana with a bachelor's degree in geology and then received their Juris Doctor from the University of Montana School of Law. They have also earned a master's degree in public administration from the University of Montana.
Career
Montana Attorney General (2013–2021)
A Republican, Fox was elected Montana Attorney General in 2012 and was re-elected in 2016. During Fox's tenure, the Montana Department of Justice created a statewide testing and tracking system for untested rape kits. Along with other Republican attorneys general, Fox filed suit against the Obama administration's Clean Power Plan and against the Environmental Protection Agency over the Waters of the United States Rule. Fox had represented the inland states' interests in a lawsuit against the state of Washington over its refusal to permit a coal export terminal that would provide access to Asian markets.
In December 2020, Fox joined with Texas attorney general Ken Paxton's brief to SCOTUS to delay the electoral college votes of four states. Fox stated that they wanted to address irregularities in the four states that would have favored Democrats. Paxton sued the states of Georgia, Michigan, Wisconsin, and Pennsylvania, where certified results showed Joe Biden the electoral victor over President Donald Trump. Paxton, who is being investigated by the FBI, was thought to be fishing for a pardon from Trump. Fox joined the lawsuit seeking to overturn the results of the presidential election by challenging election processes in four states where Trump lost. Fox and 16 other states' Attorneys General who supported Paxton's challenge of the election results alleged numerous instances of unconstitutional actions in the four states' presidential ballot tallies, arguments that had already been rejected in other state and federal courts.
In Texas v. Pennsylvania, Paxton asked the United States Supreme Court to invalidate the states' sixty-two electoral votes, allowing Trump to be declared the winner of a second presidential term. Because the suit has been characterized as a dispute between states, the Supreme Court retains original jurisdiction, though it frequently declines to hear such suits. There was no evidence of consequential illegal voting in the election. Paxton's lawsuit included claims that had been tried unsuccessfully in other courts and shown to be false. Officials from each of the four states described Paxton's lawsuit as having recycled false and disproven claims of irregularity. The merits of the objections were sharply criticized by legal experts and politicians. Election law expert Rick Hasen described the lawsuit as "the dumbest case I've ever seen filed on an emergency basis at the Supreme Court." Nebraska Republican Senator Ben Sasse said the situation of Paxton initiating the lawsuit "looks like a fella begging for a pardon filed a PR stunt", in reference to Paxton's own state and federal legal issues (securities fraud charges and abuse of office allegations). On December 11, the U.S. Supreme Court quickly rejected the suit which Fox had joined, in an unsigned opinion.
2020 Montana gubernatorial campaign
Fox was a candidate for Governor of Montana in the 2020 election. They lost the Republican primary to Greg Gianforte.
Personal life
Fox and their wife, Karen, have four children and six grandchildren.  They are a cancer survivor.
Electoral history
Election results can be found on the website of the Montana Secretary of State.
References
1957 births
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American lawyers
Candidates in the 2020 United States elections
Living people
Montana Attorneys General
Montana Republicans
People from Hardin, Montana
University of Montana alumni
Westfield is a neighborhood in northeast Baltimore, Maryland.
References
Neighborhoods in Baltimore
Northeast Baltimore
Dan Vebber is an American writer best known for their television work on animated shows such as The Simpsons, Space Ghost Coast to Coast, Futurama, Daria, Napoleon Dynamite and American Dad!. They were also a writer on Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
Vebber was nominated for Emmy Awards in 2009, 2011, 2013 and 2014, winning an Emmy for Outstanding Animated Program in 2011.
Vebber got their start as a cartoonist, writer, and editor at The Daily Cardinal and The Onion in the early 1990s.
Filmography
The Simpsons episodes
"The Book Job" (2011)
"Lisa the Veterinarian" (2016)
"Frink Gets Testy" (2018)
"101 Mitigations" (with Rob LaZebnik & Brian Kelley) (2019)
"Thanksgiving of Horror" (2019)
"Bart the Bad Guy" (2020)
"The Last Barfighter" (2021)
"Boyz N the Highlands" (2022)
Futurama episodes
“The Birdbot of Ice-Catraz” (2001)
“Love and Rocket” (2002)
“The Route of All Evil” (2002)
“Obsoletely Fabulous” (2003)
“A Clockwork Origin” (2010)
“Mobius Dick” (2011)
“Cold Warriors” (2011)
“The Thief of Baghead” (2012)
“Fun on a Bun” (2012)
“The Inhuman Torch” (2013)
American Dad! episodes
“Roger Codger” (2005)
“Not Particularly Desperate Housewife” (2005)
"The American Dad After School Special" (2006)
“A.T. The Abusive Terrestrial” (2007)
“Meter Made” (2007)
“Escape from Pearl Bailey” (2008)
“Crotchwalkers” (2013)
“Honey, I'm Homeland” (2014)
Napoleon Dynamite episodes
“Pedro vs. Deb” (2012)
Bordertown episodes
“High School Football” (2016)
Buffy The Vampire Slayer episodes
"Lovers Walk" (1998)
"The Zeppo" (1999)
Daria episodes
“Jake of Hearts” (1999)
“I Loathe a Parade” (2000)
“Art Burn” (2001)
Space Ghost Coast to Coast episodes
“Switcheroo” (1997)
“Needledrop” (1997)
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
American television writers
American male television writers
The Onion people
Emmy Award winners
Futurama
Acrolepiopsis leucoscia is a moth of the family Acrolepiidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1927. It is found in the central United States, from Texas north to Illinois, Missouri and Ohio.
The length of the forewings 6.7–7.7 mm.
References
Moths described in 1927
Acrolepiidae
Lin Sampson is a South African journalist who was born in Sri Lanka and educated in England. They have lived all over the world and was the editor of The Athens News. They were most recently a regular columnist for the Sunday Times magazine LifeStyle. Sampson has also been published by local magazines and titles outside South Africa such as The Independent, The Sunday Times and Tatler. In 2005 they published Now You've Gone and Killed Me, a collection of columns dating back to 1982 and with a foreword written by Rian Malan. Sampson is based in Cape Town.
References
Living people
1941 births
South African journalists
White South African people
South African people of British descent
South African women journalists
University of Cape Town alumni
Angelina Pavlovna Goncharenko (; born 23 May 1994) is a Russian ice hockey defenceman and captain of SKIF Nizhny Novgorod of the Zhenskaya Hockey League (ZhHL).
International career
Goncharenko was selected for the Russia women's national ice hockey team in the 2014 Winter Olympics. They played in all six games, not recording a point.
As of 2014, Goncharenko has also appeared for Russia at two IIHF Women's World Championships. Them first appearance came in 2012. They won a bronze medal as a part of the team in 2013.
Goncharenko made three appearances for the Russia women's national under-18 ice hockey team, at the IIHF World Women's U18 Championships, with the first in 2010.
Career statistics
International career
Through 2013–14 season
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Ice hockey players at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey players at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Olympic ice hockey players of Russia
Russian women's ice hockey defencemen
Ice hockey people from Moscow
Universiade medalists in ice hockey
Universiade gold medalists for Russia
Competitors at the 2015 Winter Universiade
Competitors at the 2017 Winter Universiade
HC Tornado players
HC SKIF players
Ice hockey players at the 2022 Winter Olympics
The 1890 Nashville Garnet and Blue football team represented the University of Nashville during the 1890 college football season. The team played only one game, in Nashville, Tennessee, sending a challenge to Vanderbilt University. Vanderbilt played its first game, and won 40–0.
Schedule
See also
List of the first college football games in each US state
References
Nashville
Nashville Garnet and Blue football seasons
Nashville Garnet and Blue football
German Aleksandrovich Lovchev (; born 10 June 1981) is a former Russian professional footballer.
They made their professional debut in the Russian Second Division in 1998 for FC Energiya Velikiye Luki. They played 1 game in the UEFA Champions League 2001–02 for FC Spartak Moscow.
Honours
Russian Premier League champion: 2000, 2001.
A Lyga 3rd place: 2006.
References
1981 births
People from Velikiye Luki
Living people
Russian footballers
FC Spartak Moscow players
Russian Premier League players
FC Elista players
Russian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Lithuania
Expatriate footballers in Finland
Association football forwards
FC Moscow players
FC Avangard Kursk players
Sportspeople from Pskov Oblast
FC Olimp-Dolgoprudny players
Pingju or Ping opera () is a form of Chinese opera from northern China.
History
Pingju originated in Tangshan, Hebei, near the city of Tianjin. Among all China's regional operas, it was the most famous in the Republican period for its passionate performances and romantic plots.
Movies based upon and incorporating Pingju include Zhang Shichuan's 1936 Red Begonia Hǎitáng Hóng), starring Bai Yushuang.
Performers
Bai Yushuang was known as the "Queen of Pingju". Other famed performers include Xin Fengxia and their mentor Hua Furong.
References
Bibliography
Further reading
Chinese opera
Culture in Hebei
Tangshan
Mazen Marrouf (Arabic:مازن معروف) is a Palestinian–Icelandic writer, translator, journalist and poet, born in 1978. They have more than five publications, and translated many novels from Icelandic into Arabic including the novels of several Icelandic writers. In 2019, their short story "Militant Jokes" was long-listed the Man Booker International Prize. Some of their poetry works and novels have been translated into many languages including English, French, Italian, and Spanish.
Education and career
Mazen Maarouf was born in Beirut to a Palestinian family in 1978. They moved with their family to Tal Al-Zaatar at the beginning of the civil war in Lebanon, and is currently residing in Iceland. They studied at the Lebanese University and obtained a bachelor's degree from the college of Science in Chemistry. They worked as a teacher of chemistry and physics for several years before they shifted their career to literary field and journalism in 2001. Maarouf began their literary career first in poetry, where they published their first collection of poetry collection entitled "Our Grief Resembles Bread" in 2001. Then they published their second collection ‘The Camera Doesn't Capture Birds" in 2011, and after a year they published their third poetry collection "An Angel Suspended On a Clothesline". Some of their poems were translated into several languages, including English, Spanish, Italian, Icelandic, Norwegian, Maltese, Urdu, and Chinese.
Maarouf has also written art criticism, literary reviews and art critique for several Arabic newspapers and magazines including Al-Hayat, An-Nahar, Al-Arabi Al-Jadeed, and Qantara. They have translated many poems, novels, and short stories from Icelandic into Arabic such as "The Blue Fox" by Sjon, "Hands of my Father" by Myron Uhlberg, and "Flowers on the Roof" by Ingibjörg Sigurðardóttir. In 2015, Maarouf was awarded the LiteratureLana Prize for poetry in Italy and after a year they won Al-Multaqa prize for their short story collection "Jokes for the Gunmen'. The short story collection was also long-listed for Man Booker International Prize 2019, and for Edinburgh Book festival Award and shortlisted for Saif Ghobash Banipal Prize.
Works
Some of their works include the followings:
Our Grief Resembles Bread, 2001
The Camera Doesn't Capture Birds, 2011
An Angel Suspended On a Clothesline, 2012
Jokes for the Gunmen, 2017
Translations
The Blue Fox by Sjob
Hands of my Father by Myron Uhlberg
The Story of the Blue Planet by Andri Snaer Magnason
Dwarfstone by Adalsteinn Asberg
Flowers on the Roof by Ingibjörg Sigurðardótti
Fido by Brian Pilkington
Awards and nominations
2015: Marrouf was awarded the LiteratureLana Prize for Poetry in Italy.
2016: They Won Al-Multaqa Prize for their short story collection "Jokes for the Gunmen".
2019: Their short story collection "Jokes for the Gunmen" was long-listed for Man Booker International Prize.
2019: Their short story collection "Jokes for the Gunmen" was long-listed for Edinburgh Book Festival Awards.
2019: Their short story collection "Jokes for the Gunmen" was shortlisted for Saif Ghobash Banipal Prize.
References
Icelandic writers
Palestinian novelists
Palestinian poets
Icelandic poets
Arab translators
Icelandic translators
Palestinian translators
1978 births
Living people
USS Frament (DE-677/APD-77) was a Buckley-class destroyer escort in the United States Navy.
Namesake
Paul Stanley Frament was born on 4 February 1919 at Cohoes, New York. They enlisted in the United States Naval Reserve on 29 December 1941. They died on 19 November 1942 of wounds received in action while serving as pharmacist's mate third class with the United States Marine Corps on Guadalcanal. They were posthumously awarded the Silver Star for their fearless devotion to duty in tending marines under fire.
Construction and commissioning
Frament was launched on 28 June 1943 by Bethlehem Steel Company's Fore River Shipyard, Quincy, Massachusetts; sponsored by Mrs. Edward A. Frament, mother of Pharmacist's Mate Third Class Frament; and commissioned on 15 August 1943.
DE-677 – Atlantic
Frament began the demanding tasks of Atlantic convoy escort on 19 October 1943, when they sailed from New York to escort tankers to Curaçao and thence to Derry, Northern Ireland. Sailing out of New York, and occasionally Boston, they escorted six convoys to Northern Ireland, one to Cherbourg, France, and one to Gibraltar, in the period from 15 December 1943 to 3 December 1944.
At 02:23 hrs on 15 November 1944, at (in the North Atlantic about west of Gibraltar), Frament mistakenly rammed and sank the Italian submarine Luigi Settembrini which Frament was escorting to Bermuda, where the Italians were to provide aid in anti-submarine warfare training. Of the 42-strong crew of the Settembrini, only 14 survivors were rescued by Frament.
USS Scott (DE-214) was detached from a convoy bound for the Mediterranean to help search for Italian survivors, and then escorted Frament back to Boston, arriving on 3 December.
APD-77 – Pacific
After a hasty decommissioning, Frament began conversion to a high-speed transport; they were reclassified APD-77 on 15 December 1944.
After training on both coasts, Frament arrived at Pearl Harbor on 3 April 1945 for duty training with underwater demolition teams in the Hawaiian Islands. Convoy escort duty took them to Eniwetok, Ulithi, and Leyte in May, and on the 29th they arrived at Okinawa, where they joined the outer patrol screen guarding the great number of ships off the island.
Assigned to rescue duty in June, they proved themselves on the 10th, when they and several smaller craft saved every man of William D. Porter (DD-579), when that destroyer was sunk by a suicide plane. Returning to the Philippines at the close of July, Frament trained for the planned invasion of the Japanese home islands, and at the close of the war, took up duty with minesweepers operating in the Yellow Sea. They served on occupation duty until 1 January 1946, when they sailed from Shanghai for the east coast. On 30 May 1946 Frament was placed out of commission in reserve at Green Cove Springs, Florida.
Stricken from the Navy Register on 1 June 1960, the former Frament was transferred to Ecuador in July 1961 for use as a power hulk.
Awards
Frament received one battle star for World War II service.
Notes
References
External links
history.navy.mil: USS Frament
navsource.org: USS Frament
hazegray.org: USS Frament
Buckley-class destroyer escorts
Charles Lawrence-class high speed transports
Ships built in Quincy, Massachusetts
1943 ships
Sir Hugh Fraser (1860 – 8 July 1927) was a British barrister and English High Court judge.
Biography
The son of Thomas Fraser, of Farraline, Inverness-shire, Fraser was educated in England at Charterhouse School and Trinity Hall, Cambridge, where they were an exhibitioner, scholar, law student, and won the Cressingham Prize; in 1885 they were proxime accessit for the Chancellor's medal for Legal Studies. They were called to the Bar in 1886 at the Inner Temple, where they were a scholar as well as a Inns of Court student.
Fraser was Lecturer on Equity to the Incorporated Law Society from 1888 to 1891, Reader and Examiner in Common Law at the Inns of Court from 1897 to 1924, and examined in Law at the Universities of Oxford, Cambridge and London. They were elected a Bencher of the Inner Temple in 1918 and an honorary fellow of Trinity Hall, Cambridge in 1925. They were knighted in 1917.
Fraser was known as an authority on libel, torts, and election law. Their book on the law of torts went through 11 editions during their lifetime, and their book on libel through six. They had a large practice, but never took silk, preferring to remain at the junior bar. They were particularly renowned as a libel practitioner, and was retained in most of the major libel cases of their day. They were appointed arbitrator in the building trade dispute in 1923, a member of the Irish Deportees Compensation Tribunal from 1923 to 1924, and a member of the Committee for dealing with claims of Police Strikers in 1924.
Fraser was appointed to the High Court in 1924, and was assigned to the King's Bench Division. As a member of the junior bar, their appointment was extremely unusual; but was generally welcomed. They died in service in 1927.
Bibliography
Law of Torts, 11th edition
Law of Libel and Slander, 6th edition
Law of Parliamentary Elections and Election Petitions, 3rd edition
Representation of People Act, 1918, 2nd edition
Amid the High Hills, 1923
References
"Mr. Justice Fraser", The Times, 9 July 1927
Who Was Who
Knights Bachelor
1927 deaths
Members of the Inner Temple
People educated at Charterhouse School
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
English legal writers
Queen's Bench Division judges
1860 births
Sandford Spence Schultz (29 August 1857 – 18 December 1937), known in later life as Sandford Spence Storey, was an English cricketer, who played for Cambridge University and Lancashire and played one Test match for England.
Life and career
Schultz was born in Birkenhead, Cheshire, the son of George Edward Schultz and their wife Emma. They were educated at Uppingham and Jesus College, Cambridge.
Although Schultz was only an occasional player in first-class cricket, they were prolific in club cricket and was selected as an amateur in Lord Harris's side that toured Australia in 1878-79, and played in the one Test match of that tour.
Schultz was a fast round-arm bowler and made a lot of runs in club cricket. Their Wisden obituary in 1938 recalled a less happy batting experience related in a letter to The Times by a Mr Edmund Peake about a match on the Christchurch ground at Oxford in 1881:
Schultz married Mabel Durrant in 1885. They were a stockbroker, working on the Liverpool Exchange for a firm known as Messrs Hedderwick and Schultz. In 1914, around the time of the start of World War I, Schultz changed their Germanic-sounding name to Sandford Spence Storey. They died in Brompton, Kensington, aged 80.
They were the only English Test cricketer with a 'z' in their surname for over a century, until Usman Afzaal played three Tests in 2001.
References
External links
Cricinfo page on Sandford Schultz
CricketArchive page on Sandford Schultz
Brief profile of S.S.Schultz by Don Ambrose
1857 births
1937 deaths
People educated at Uppingham School
Alumni of Jesus College, Cambridge
Cambridge University cricketers
England Test cricketers
English cricketers
Lancashire cricketers
Sportspeople from Birkenhead
Marylebone Cricket Club cricketers
Orleans Club cricketers
Gentlemen of England cricketers
C. I. Thornton's XI cricketers
Benzoyl-CoA-dihydrodiol lyase (, 2,3-dihydro-2,3-dihydroxybenzoyl-CoA lyase/hydrolase (deformylating), BoxC, dihydrodiol transforming enzyme, benzoyl-CoA oxidation component C) is an enzyme with systematic name 2,3-dihydro-2,3-dihydroxybenzoyl-CoA 3,4-didehydroadipyl-CoA semialdehyde-lyase (formate-forming). This enzyme catalyses the following chemical reaction
2,3-dihydro-2,3-dihydroxybenzoyl-CoA + H2O 3,4-didehydroadipyl-CoA semialdehyde + formate
The enzyme is involved in the aerobic benzoyl-CoA catabolic pathway in Azoarcus evansii.
References
External links
EC 4.1.2
Invented in 1896 by Joab R. Donaldson of Oliphant Furnace, Pennsylvania, US, the fireplace insert is a device inserted into an existing masonry or prefabricated wood fireplace. Joab was a 59-year-old coal miner and father of 14 at the time of their patent. They came upon the idea as a means of using coke (a smokeless fuel made by the destructive distillation of certain types of coal) and incorporating the use of an electric blower to improve the efficiency. The selection of coke and coal tailings as a primary fuel enabled low-income families to heat their Appalachian homes with small-size coal that they could easily dig for themselves in their own backyards.
Fireplace inserts are these days categorized primarily by the type of fuel used (natural gas, propane, EPA-certified wood, pellet, coal and electric), though many people associate them with burning wood.
Fireplace inserts are invariably made from cast iron or steel and most have self-cleaning glass doors that allow the flames of the fire to be viewed while the insulated doors remain closed, making the fire more efficient. This makes use of an "air wash" system whereby clean air is directed across the interior surface of the glass and thus prevents the buildup of deposits.
Today, many manufacturers also augment the operation of fireplace inserts by offering features such as fans and thermostatic controls, depending on the fuel type. Typically, fresh air enters through vents below, circulates around the main chamber, where it is heated up, and the warmed air then exits through vents on the top of the unit.
Fireplace inserts are popular with people who have an existing open fireplace and chimney since they significantly improve both fuel efficiency and heat output whilst also providing an attractive focal point to a room. The disadvantages, when compared to a free-standing wood burning stove, are that they are more expensive to install and depend upon there being a usable fireplace and chimney in the first place.
Electric fireplace inserts are made to fit any size of a brick or steel-covered hearth. Electric fireplace inserts come in three form factors: electric log inserts (which imitate a natural wood flame), plug-in inserts, and built-in units. Plug-in electric fireplace inserts typically connect to a common 120-volt wall plug and are placed within an existing fireplace.
See also
Stove
Wood burning stove
References
Fireplaces
A dog harness is a piece of equipment consisting in part of straps that surround the dog's torso. It is used to guide, hold, and lift the dog or to utilise its pulling power. It reduces tension on the neck when they pull, and provides free breathing during daily walks. In sports such as mushing and skijoring, where the dog's pulling power is utilized, the harness provides effective use of force while maintaining freedom of movement. These asupervisorstioned kinds of harnesses differ from pet harnesses in that they are specifically designed in order to allow or support a dog in the completion of a working task.
History
Harnesses have been used for millennia to carry weight or pull small carriages or sleds. In both World War I and World War II, service and rescue dogs wore harnesses.
Archeological evidence shows that humans bred dogs for pulling sleds some 10,000 years ago. Artifacts, including rings and parts that connect reins to sleds, have been found on sites throughout the northernmost stretches of mainland and on arctic islands.
Types of harnesses
No-pull harness
No-pull harnesses rely on a level of discomfort, force and avoidance to alter the dogs behavior. When the dog pulls, a strap within the harness tightens. applying pressure on the dog's body which the dog must actively alter the pulling behavior to avoid. If the dog pulls, the leash goes off to the side and directs the dog back towards the owner. That gives a greater ability to control and guide the dog by applying a little pressure.
Chest harness
The chest harness is fastened to the dog's body with a chest strap and a girth strap. The chest strap extends horizontally at the level of the sternum, between the two shoulder joints. The chest harness is available in both saddle and non-saddle versions. This type of harness is easy to put on. The materials used are straps with leather, nylon or even polar or neoprene lining.
This type of harness originates from ancient China, its first depictions on draft animals date back to around 150 B.C. Wandering, conquering peoples, such as the Avars, Huns, Hungarians, played a major role in its spread in Europe. It is still used on horses to drive carriages on normal, light terrain. A beautiful example of this is the four-horse statue on top of the Brandenburg Gate in Berlin. Nowadays, among horse riders, the chest harness is the most used in the field of coachman leisure activities due to its simplicity.
It is less suitable for pulling heavy loads, as the bearing area of the strap is smaller than that of “hames” harnesses. In the case of pulling load, the chest harness is less effective than hames (Y-shaped) harnesses because the strength of the dog's muscles near the spine and hind legs is not effectively utilised. As a result, the chest harness is not used at all in pulling sports that involve dogs. The benefits of the harness type are very noticeable in everyday, urban use, and they are also often used in the world of service dogs.
By using a harness that keeps the neck area free when the dog is pulling on the leash or needs to be pulled back you can avoid putting pressure on the trachea, which restricts breathing and can cause tracheal collapse in the case of dogs that are prone to it. To prevent this, the chest harness serves as an alternative to the collar, which is essential for dogs prone to tracheal collapse.
Y-harness
The straps of the Y-harness are located between the neck and shoulder joints and surround the dog's neck - creating a y-shape when viewed from the front. This gives the dog the highest freedom of movement. Due to its structure, it is more complicated to put on and take off than chest harnesses. There are two main types of these, ones built for every day use and those used for racing or running (such as sledding). They do not encourage pulling.
Sled dog harness
Harnesses used by sled dogs for running, cycling, sledding, skijoring or pulling weight.
There are several different types of harness available for sled dogs. Some common harness types: X-back, H-back, half-harness, and spreader bar harness. The X-back style harness is the typical choice for recreational and sprint/mid-distance mushers, due to their lightweight and durable make, ease of accessibility and fit customization, as well as the speed at which they can be put on and taken off dogs. Half-harnesses are believed by some mushers to result in fewer athletic injuries, and are used by some long-distance mushers in place of the traditional X-back.
A harness with thicker lining and a wider chest strap is preferred for pulling heavy weights. They feature more overall padding and extend further behind the dog (no more than 24 inches from the base of the tail in weight-pull competition). It has been designed to help the dog pull heavier loads safely and efficiently, and may feature a spreader bar behind the wheel dogs and in front of the sled or cart. These harnesses help distribute the weight of the cargo over a broader area of the body.
Rehabilitation and lifting harness
There are several types of rehabilitation or dog lifting harnesses depending on which parts of the dog's body needs help. It is a harness with at least one handle that wraps around a dog's body to allow a person to help lift the weight off of their hips, spine or legs.
There are several different types of them available, each of them providing their own unique advantages. They include: front harnesses, rear harnesses, front and rear combo, mid-section support harnesses, amputee harnesses and full body harnesses. There are several conditions that may make it necessary or at least helpful to use a dog lifting harness, some of the most common being: hip dysplasia, broken bones, sprained knees, spine injuries, arthritis, recent surgery, strained muscles and missing limbs.
Tactical dog harness
A tactical dog vest or harness provides an extra layer of protection that is needed. Most tactical dog vests are provided with a handle to help the dog on difficult terrain. It can also be used to hold additional devices, such as a GPS tracker or a light. Further specialization is possible depending on needs: bulletproof; suitable for descent; mantrailing harness, etc.
Assistance dog harness
Assistance dogs typically wear a vest, cape or harness for identification. The gear is often utilized during the dog's work. Cape harnesses are ergonomic and well-made. Usually there is ample space for identification patches. The pulling harnesses are worn by service dogs who need to pull heavy weight. Pulling harnesses are usually padded for comfort. Mobility support harnesses are for assistance dogs who need to pull their owners. They are ergonomic and have a rigid handle.
Car safety harnesses
Safety harnesses were designed to restrain the animal in a car seat using the car's seat belt. In the event of an accident the harness distributes the pulling force. Several car safety harness has been designed that pass crash tests conducted in the USA by the Center for Pet Safety.
See also
Dog collar
Pet harness
Cape (dog)
References
Dog equipment
Dog training and behavior
Holy Trinity Monastery (, ) is a male stavropegial monastery of the Russian Orthodox Church Outside of Russia (ROCOR), located near Jordanville, New York. Founded in 1930 by two Russian immigrants, it eventually became a main spiritual center of Russian Orthodoxy in the West. The monastery is well known for its publishing work and for the attached Holy Trinity Orthodox Seminary, which has educated many clergymen in ROCOR and other Orthodox jurisdictions. Due to their closeness to the hamlet, both the monastery and seminary are often simply referred to as Jordanville. The monastery is dedicated to the Holy Trinity, and its patronal feast day is Pentecost. The campus includes a museum that is open to the public.
History
Hieromonk Panteleimon (Nizhnik), after spending ten years at St. Tikhon's Orthodox Monastery near South Canaan, Pennsylvania, wanted to live a more rigorous monastic life. Moreover, after a 1926 split between ROCOR and the group which would later become the Orthodox Church in America, they wanted to stay with the Church Abroad. They shared this desire with Ivan Kolos, a local choir director living at the monastery. Together they decided to find a place to live a “genuine monk's life.” They traveled to Herkimer County in Upstate New York, where they bought the Starkweather farm near Jordanville for a $25 down payment. In order to pay off the mortgage, Panteleimon worked at the Sikorsky Airplane Factory in Stratford, Connecticut as a wing mechanic, while Kolos remained at their parish.
In the spring after Pascha in 1930, Fr. Panteleimon moved onto the property, while Ivan Kolos and another monk from St. Tikhon's, Fr. James (Mosheruk), worked at the Sikorsky factory until the land was paid off and they could go to Jordanville. Life was hard: they lived in a small building, kept a horse and cow, and instead of a stove used hot stones to cook their food. In addition to performing the daily services, the brotherhood worked the land and began dairy production. With the help of a new member of the brotherhood, Hieromonk Ilya (Gavriliuk), who was a carpenter, the monks began building a large house with a chapel and room for sixteen cells, and completed it in 1935.
The new monastic building was consecrated by Bishop Vitaly (Maximenko) on June 17, 1935. However, at the very end of the divine liturgy the smell of burning wood filled the air. Crying, “the church is afire!” in Russian, Vitaly and the other monks helped get the assembled worshippers to safety. The uninsured building, valued at $10,000, burnt to the ground. Sheltered in a wagon shed, the monks refused to despair and decided to build an even better structure. The small brotherhood soon bought another, larger house nearby, bought another 200 acres of land, and began farming and dairy operations. They also obtained a printing press and a linotype machine and began publishing spiritual works. They also interacted with the local community: a few of the monks held a concert at an Episcopalian parish in Richfield Springs, and members of the nearby Baptist church visited the monastery for a service.
In 1946, fourteen new monks arrived at Jordanville, headed by Bishop Seraphim (Ivanov). These included some of the future leaders of the Russian Church Abroad, including the future Metropolitan Laurus (Škurla), who was then Novice Vasily. The brotherhood was originally based in the St. Job of Pochaev Monastery in Ladomirová, Czechoslovakia, which had been founded by Archbishop Vitaly when they were still an archimandrite. After a brief stay in Munich, the Brotherhood accepted the invitation of Bishop Vitaly to join the struggling Brotherhood at Jordanville, resulting in the largest Orthodox Monastery in America. The Brotherhood of St. Job brought St. Job's printing press with them across the Atlantic, and, until the fall of the Soviet Union, Holy Trinity Monastery was the only place in the world that could typeset in Church Slavonic.
In 1944 construction began on a new monastery cathedral, with many of the bricks salvaged from a demolished factory. The cathedral was designed by Roman Verhovskoy, and the head of the building committee was Nicholas Alexander (Aleksandrov), a professor at Rhode Island State College and the future dean of the seminary. The cornerstone of the church was laid in 1947, and the church was completed in 1951; the Governor of New York, Thomas E. Dewey, attended the dedication. The construction of the church was greatly aided by the nearly 50 monks and lay-workers who had joined the monastery after leaving post-war Europe. Among them was Archimandrite Cyprian (Pyzhov), who had with their assistant monk Alypy (Gamanovich) (future Archbishop of Chicago) frescoed the interior of the church, covering the 700 square feet of walls with over 400 icons. New monastic quarters were built from 1954 to 1957. In addition to building up the monastery, Jordanville monks also helped set up parishes in Albany and Utica.
On December 3, 2011, on the feast day of the Entry of the Theotokos into the Temple, government officials came to the monastery, enjoyed food, and listened to talks held in the seminary hall, where the official ceremony making the monastery a national historic district took place. The district includes 41 contributing buildings, 3 contributing sites, 2 contributing structures, and 3 contributing objects.
Abbots
Holy Trinity Monastery Cemetery
The monastery maintains several cemeteries on its property, which collectively make up one of the largest Eastern Orthodox cemeteries in the United States. The monastery regularly prays for everyone buried in the cemetery at the divine liturgy and panikhida services. Moreover, many renowned hierarchs and notable individuals in ROCOR's history are buried at Jordanville. In a crypt at the east end of the monastery cathedral are buried, among others, Metropolitans Laurus (Škurla) and Philaret (Voznesensky), Archbishop Averky (Taushev), and Archimandrite Cyprian (Pyzhov), the renowned icon painter.
Holy Trinity Monastery Icon and Mounting Studio
"Holy Trinity Icon Mounting Studio has been producing high quality print icons painted by the Fathers of Holy Trinity Monastery as well as other iconographers for many years."
Publishing
The roots of the monastery's strong publishing division can be traced to the Pochayiv Lavra in modern-day Ukraine. There, Archimandrite Vitaly (Maximenko) had run the printing press, which included 150 monastic workers and 8 printing presses. With the outbreak of World War I and the Russian Revolution publishing operations came to a halt. Archimandrite Vitaly escaped to Ladomirová, Czechoslovakia, where they founded a new monastic brotherhood, the Brotherhood of St. Job of Pochaev, to continue the work of the Lavra. This new brotherhood, under the authority of ROCOR, began publishing many new publications, including the periodicals Pravoslavnaia Rus, Pravoslavnyi Put, and the Pravoslavnyi Kalendar, which contains the rubrics for all the Sundays and major feasts of the church calendar. All three of these publications are still being published by Holy Trinity Monastery. By 1934, the brotherhood was publishing three-quarters of all ROCOR publications, which were being read in 45 countries. However, with the advance of the Soviet Army in 1944, the brotherhood fled Czechoslovakia. Half the brotherhood, under the leadership of Archimandrite Seraphim (Ivanov), emigrated to the United States, where they joined the Jordanville brotherhood, which had already been printing books on a small scale.
At Jordanville, the Brotherhood of St. Job of Pochaev began publishing on the same level as they had in Czechoslovakia. In addition to Orthodox periodicals, they published service books, multi-volume editions of the lives of the saints, and many other religious works. Publishing became one of the major sources of income for the monastery. During the Cold War, the monastery was the largest publisher of Russian religious literature outside of the Soviet Union, and according to the monastery's publication website many behind the Iron Curtain remembered Jordanville as being practically their only source of Orthodox books. To supplement in-house printing, the monastery also outsourced some titles to be published in New York and Japan.
The monastery has now stopped all in-house printing due to costs and is outsourcing all publishing to outside printers. However, it is still continuing to translate, edit, and publish new works in both print and digital formats. According to the publications website, the monastery hopes to publish four to eight new titles a year. Recent titles include the Psalter for Prayer, a new translation of the Psalter from Church Slavonic, stylistically based on Myles Coverdale's translation of the psalms in the Book of Common Prayer.
In addition to publishing work, the monastery also operates a bookstore which began operation in 1990 with the expansion of the monastery building. It sells (both in-store and online) both monastery publications and books and other media from Orthodox suppliers from around the world.
Buildings
References
External links
Monastery website
Джорданвилль, a 2004 documentary about the monastery (Russian).
Небо на земле. Джорданвилль, a documentary about the monastery (Russian).
Spiritual Waves, another documentary about current conditions at the monastery (English).
Holy Trinity Publications website
Holy Trinity Seminary website
Buildings and structures in Herkimer County, New York
Eastern Orthodoxy in New York (state)
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Properties of religious function on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Christian organizations established in 1930
Russian-American culture in New York (state)
Monasteries of the Russian Orthodox Church Outside of Russia
Russian Orthodox monasteries in the United States
Ukrainian-American culture in New York (state)
National Register of Historic Places in Herkimer County, New York
Janakorgan (, ) is a district of Kyzylorda Region in southern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the urban-type settlement of Janakorgan. Population:
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Kyzylorda Region
Bragg House may refer to:
in the United States
(by state)
Bragg-Mitchell House, Mobile, AL, listed on the NRHP in Alabama
Bragg Guesthouse, Little Rock, AR, listed on the NRHP in Arkansas
Bragg House (Camden, Arkansas), listed on the NRHP in Arkansas
Bragg's Pies Building, Phoenix, AZ, listed on the NRHP in Arizona
Bragg, Caleb, Estate, Montauk, NY, listed on the NRHP in New York
Amis-Bragg House, Jackson, NC, listed on the NRHP in North Carolina
Plowden is a hamlet in the parish of Lydbury North, Shropshire, England. It is in the valley of the River Onny and lies 3 miles east of Bishop's Castle. Plowden was one of the stations on the Bishops Castle Railway, which closed in 1935.
Plowden Hall is a grade II* listed building, being a timber-framed building dating in part from about 1300, and is described in the novel John Inglesant by Joseph Henry Shorthouse, who drew the place as Lydiard. Its owners, the Plowden family, remained Roman Catholics after the Reformation and there is a Roman Catholic church of St Walburga in Plowden. When Edwin Plowden was awarded a life peerage in 1959 they took the title of Baron Plowden of Plowden in the county of Salop. GWR Hall class locomotive 4956 was named after the hall.
See also
Listed buildings in Lydbury North
References
Villages in Shropshire
Swissmetro is a proposed Swiss transportation system based on vacuum-train (also known as vactrain) technology. It was invented by Swiss engineer Rodolphe Nieth in 1974 and it is presently being promoted and developed as SwissMetro-NG ("NG" for New Generation).
Technology
The Swissmetro project was presented in a special report by Rodolphe Nieth, Martin Steiger and Jean-Francois Braillard in 1980. It proposed vehicles travelling at very fast speeds in a network of underground tunnels. Rolling resistance was eliminated with magnetic levitation, as in the Transrapid of Germany and air resistance was reduced by lowering the air pressure in the tunnels to around 10% of the normal atmospheric pressure. Propulsion was electrical (linear motors). The travel time between Bern and Zurich would have been reduced from around 1 hour by intercity train or motorcar to a mere 12 minutes with Swissmetro.
Objectives
The objectives were to connect Swiss urban centres with a fast, modern, sustainable, transport system and reduce or even eliminate the congestion on the Swiss highways and railways without negatively impacting the Swiss landscapes and cities.
History
The system was developed by Swissmetro Ltd., with Swiss senator of the Canton of Tessin, Dr. Sergio Salvioni as president. The research and development were led by EPFL Professor Marcel Jufer. This was done by the Swiss Federal Institutes of Technology (EPFL and ETHZ) and Swiss engineering and industrial companies with some financial support of the Swiss Federal Government. The project was ready to be implemented and an application for a concession for a pilot track between Geneva and Lausanne was made in 1998. At this time, however, the Swiss Federal Government was already fully absorbed with large national infrastructure projects (Rail 2000, Gotthard AlpTransit, etc.). In addition, the Swiss Federal office of Transportation (BAV-EVED) had some reservations (switch, capacity, safety, choice of the pilot track, financial concepts, etc.).
Swissmetro-NG
SwissMetro-NG is the modern version of the original project. It is, so to speak, the version 2.0, which was proposed by the Swiss Transportation Research Institute. Air resistance and aerodynamic problems are eliminated altogether by removing all of the air in the tunnels. The tunnel diameter and consequently the overall costs are significantly reduced (around 50%). A new switch allows a drive-through operation without stopping. Long vehicle compositions with high capacities (over 1200 seats) as well as an extraordinarily high performance (supersonic) become possible. The reservations of the BAV-EVED are resolved.
The conditions for the resumption of the Swiss project are now very favourable (completion of Rail 2000 and Gotthard Alptransit, low interest rates, new technical advances, etc.). In addition, SwissMetro-NG meets all possible requirements regarding emissions, landscape protection, speed, sustainability, tourism, capacity, safety, costs, network capability, economic efficiency, etc. and it has proponents from all political colours and all corners of the country. The non-profit SwissMetro-NG association is promoting the project.
In 2017, Konrad Graber, Swiss senator of the Canton of Lucerne brought the SwissMetro-NG project to the attention of Parliament. It was positively received and decisions in its favour are being made. It is now becoming increasingly likely that SwissMetro-NG will be realized.
Because of its high performance and capacity, the system can draw traffic away from short-haul aviation and intercity highways and thus reduce emissions whilst simultaneously improving the transportation services. The travel time between the major Swiss Cities, e.g. Geneva to Bern or Bern to Zurich, will be reduced to 12 minutes. In comparison, it still requires over 3 hours to traverse Switzerland today, independent of the mode of transportation and despite the small size of the country.
By exporting the system and the components, Switzerland will be able to help reduce emissions of intercity and transcontinental transportation on a global scale.
See also
Transrapid
High-speed rail
SCMaglev
References
External links
Swissmetro
SwissMetro-NG
Rail transport in Switzerland
Maglev
Rapid transit in Switzerland
Proposed transport infrastructure in Switzerland
Ghodsi (, literally "sacred", "sacramental"; transcription from the Persian script of the adjective form of Ghods/Quds (), the corresponding transliteration from the Arabic script being Qudsi (lit.: Jerusalemite, someone whose family originated from Jerusalem) is a Persian surname.
Notable people with the surname include:
Ali Ghodsi, Swedish-Iranian computer scientist
Gholamreza Ghodsi (1925–1989), Iranian belletrist and poet
Mohammad Ghodsi, Iranian computer scientist and electrical engineer
Persian-language surnames
Lumus Rock is a rock located west-northwest of Sooty Rock, marking the southwestern extremity of the Wilhelm Archipelago off the Graham Coast of the Antarctic Peninsula, Antarctica. It was discovered by British Graham Land Expedition (BGLE), 1934–37, and named "Lumus Reef" after one of the expedition cats, the only one to survive the Antarctic winter. The BGLE naming has been accepted because of long use, though a change in generic term, from reef to rock, was made on recommendation by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1971. The rock is situated roughly midway between Anvers and Renaud Island at west-northwest of the Betbeder Islands, in the Hugo Island Trough, belonging to the Palmer Deep, an inner shelf structural depression.
Etymology
Lumus Rock was named after the ship's cat, Lummo, present on the Penola, a three-masted schooner of the British Graham Land Expedition, visiting the Wilhelm Archipelago from 1934 to 1937. Lummo survived the three year expedition and died in Woking, Surrey, England during the Second World War.
Geology
The Antarctic Peninsula, located on the Antarctic Plate, and its offshore islands are probably composed of Late Paleozoic rocks that are strongly folded. The geological map of Antarctica lists Mesozoic volcanic rocks and granitoids in the area.
References
Bibliography
Further reading
Rock formations of the Wilhelm Archipelago
Swansong is the fifth studio album by English extreme metal band Carcass. It was released on 10 June 1996 in the UK by Earache Records. It is the only Carcass album to feature guitarist Carlo Regadas. This album was intended to be their major label debut, having been signed by Columbia Records following the success of Heartwork, but disputes with that record company caused them to return to Earache. The album was re-released on 21 July 2008, as a dualdisc including the fifth part of The Pathologist's Report. It was the band's last studio release for over 17 years, until the release of Surgical Steel in 2013, and the last one to feature drummer Ken Owen.
Background
In The Pathologist's Report, drummer Ken Owen states that they consider Swansong the ultimate Carcass album. The band's sense of humour is illustrated with titles such as "Keep on Rotting in the Free World".
The disc art is the "Unfinished Pyramid et al." from the Great Seal of the United States, but it reads "carcass" instead of "annuit coeptis", "somnus pecunia cibus" instead of "novus ordo seclorum" and "MCMXCV" instead of "MDCCLXXVI".
Release
Swansong was released on 10 June 1996 on Earache Records. A limited edition of this album was released as a brain-shaped CD, with a bonus 2-track CD titled Somnus Pecunia Cibus. The reason for the bonus disc was to include "Go to Hell", which wouldn't fit on the brain shaped CD, due to the cutting required for the brain shape.
On 21 July 2008, a twelve-panel digipak version of the album was released, with full artwork and lyrics as well as a limited edition sticker sheet with classic Carcass motifs. The reissue also features the previously Japanese-only bonus track "Death Rider Da" which was made to be used as a jingle on a Japanese critic Masa Ito's radio program at the time, as well as the fifth and final part of the extensive interview The Pathologist's Report on a dualdisc. Later editions contain the album on a CD and the documentary on a separate DVD, and do not include the sticker sheet.
In November 2013, Earache rereleased Swansong on full dynamic range vinyl in different colours and with limited circulation.
Track listing
Personnel
Carcass
Jeffrey Walker – bass, vocals
Carlo Regadas – guitar
Bill Steer – guitar
Ken Owen – drums
Technical personnel
Colin Richardson – production, vocals (13)
Nick Brine – assistant engineering
Jim Brumby – assistant engineering
Gee – painting
Stephen Harris – engineering
Barney Herbert – assistant engineering
Noel Summerville – mastering
Antz – Design
Roalba Picerno – band photos
Charts
References
Carcass (band) albums
1996 albums
Earache Records albums
Death 'n' roll albums
Kenneth Arthur Stroud (; Richmond, Surrey, December, 1908 – Hertfordshire township, February 3, 2000) was a mathematician and Principal Lecturer in Mathematics at Lanchester Polytechnic in Coventry, England.  They are most widely known as the author of several mathematics textbooks, especially the very popular Engineering Mathematics.
Education
Stroud held a B.Sc. and a DipEd.
Work
Stroud was an innovator in programmed learning and the identification of precise learning outcomes, and Nigel Steele calls their textbook Engineering Mathematics, based on the programmed learning approach, "one of the most successful mathematics textbooks ever published."
They died in February 2000, aged 91.
Bibliography
Laplace Transforms: Programmes and Problems, Stanley Thornes Ltd, 1973, and 1978, .
Fourier Series and Harmonic Analysis, Nelson Thornes Ltd, 1983, and Stanley Thornes Ltd, 1986, .
Engineering Mathematics, Macmillan, 1970, . 6th ed., (with Dexter J. Booth), Industrial Press, 2007, .
Advanced Engineering Mathematics (with Dexter J. Booth), 5th ed., Industrial Press, 2011, , 4th ed., Palgrave Macmillan, 2003, .
Differential Equations (with Dexter J. Booth), Industrial Press, 2004, .
Vector Analysis (with Dexter J. Booth), Industrial Press, 2005, .
Complex Variables (with Dexter J. Booth), Industrial Press, 2007, .
Linear Algebra (with Dexter J. Booth), Industrial Press, 2008, .
Essential Mathematics for Science and Technology: A Self-Learning Guide (with Dexter J. Booth), Industrial Press, 2009, .
Further Engineering Mathematics : Programmes and Problems, Palgrave Macmillan, 3 October 1986, . 2nd ed., Springer-Verlag, 1 November 1989, . 2nd ed., Palgrave Macmillan, June 1990, . 3rd Revised Edition, Palgrave Macmillan, 27 March 1996, .
Mathematics for engineering technicians, Stanley Thornes Ltd., 1978, . Book 2A : Practical applications'', Stanley Thornes Ltd., 1981, .
References
1908 births
2000 deaths
English mathematicians
20th-century mathematicians
European Cultural Month is an event created by the European Union to promote culture. It is similar to the European City of Culture, but lasting for a shorter time and intended mainly for the Central and Eastern European countries. It was launched in 1990.
The event has currently been suspended. It is possible that it may resume, but would only take place in European cities not in countries which are members of the EU, which are therefore ineligible to be nominated as European city of culture.
It is not to be confused with European Month of Culture, an initiative of the EU Delegation to the United States, which has run every May since 2013.
References
Cultural policies of the European Union
Michael Francis Easley (born March 23, 1950) is an American lawyer and politician who served as the 72nd governor of the U.S. state of North Carolina from January 2001 to January 2009.  They are the first
governor of North Carolina to have been convicted of a felony.
A member of the Democratic Party, Easley was North Carolina's second Catholic governor.
Early life and education
Mike Easley was born on March 23, 1950 in Rocky Mount, North Carolina to Henry Alexander Easley and Huldah Marie Easley. They grew up on their family's 60-acre farm in Nash County and was one of seven children in a large Irish Catholic family. Easley attended a local Catholic school before transferring and later graduating from Rocky Mount Senior High School in 1968. Easley attended Belmont Abbey College for two years before transferring to the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, where they earned a degree with honors in political science in 1972. While at UNC they were a member of Phi Gamma Delta fraternity. They then attended the North Carolina Central University School of Law, earning their J.D. degree, with honors, in 1976. While a law student, Easley served as managing editor of the school's Law Review.
Family
Easley is married to Mary Easley (née Pipines), who worked in the Provost's Office at North Carolina State University until June 8, 2009.  They are a former law professor at North Carolina Central University and also worked for ten years as a prosecutor. The two have one son, Michael F. Easley Jr.
Career
Easley became an assistant district attorney for the 13th Judicial District in 1976. They were elected District Attorney, one of the youngest ever in the state, in 1982.
A Democrat, Easley ran unsuccessfully in that party's 1990 primary for the U.S. Senate; they lost to former Charlotte mayor Harvey Gantt, who themselves lost to incumbent Jesse Helms. Easley was elected North Carolina Attorney General in 1992 and sworn-in on January 9, 1993. They won reelection in 1996. In the 1996 election for attorney general, Easley garnered 59.07% of the vote, compared with opponent Robert H. Edmonds, Jr.'s 40.93% of votes. This represented a margin of victory of 446,169 votes.
In 2000, Easley ran to succeed the term-limited Hunt as Governor of North Carolina. They defeated incumbent Lieutenant Governor Dennis A. Wicker in the Democratic primary, and then successfully challenged Republican Richard Vinroot, former mayor of Charlotte, in the general election. Easley was reelected in 2004, running against New Hanover County state senator Patrick J. Ballantine.
Governorship
In the closing weeks of the 2000 gubernatorial race, actor Andy Griffith filmed an ad endorsing Easley, which some observers believe led to Easley's victory, called the "Mayberry Miracle".
Education reform was a centerpiece of Easley's tenure as governor, to such an extent that in 2008, Easley received the inaugural "America's Greatest Education Governor" award from the National Education Association. The award was created to showcase "public officials who have demonstrated exemplary achievements and accomplishments in advancing public education". Easley was commended by the NEA for their focus on improving teacher working conditions and for affording teachers a "seat at the table" in discussions surrounding the implementation of education reforms in the state.
One of Easley's major programs was More at Four, an academic pre-kindergarten for at-risk children. More at Four has received praise from groups such as the National Education Association.
Another signature program of Easley's was the "Learn and Earn" initiative, which enabled North Carolina high school students to earn college credit by taking online courses at no cost to them or to their families. The "Learn and Earn" program received the Innovations in American Government Award from Harvard Kennedy School. Presenting the award, Harvard noted that in "2006-2007, rates of grade promotion and graduation for Learn and Earn participants were higher than the statewide average, with nearly half the Learn and Earn high schools seeing 100 percent promotion rates". Harvard also observed that these numbers have not "been skewed by "creaming" that is counting of only high scoring children. The program purposely targets kids at risk, those for whom English is a second language[,] and those who would be first-generation college students." Easley also initiated a program to enable North Carolina students to attain a debt-free undergraduate education by receiving EARN Grants of up to $8,000 over two years. In 2007 Easley wrote and published a children's book, Look Out, College, Here I Come! the proceeds of which fund a North Carolina education charity.
Their tenure faced budget shortfalls, tough economic times, and natural disasters such as hurricanes and floods. Easley received mixed reviews on their handling of fiscal problems in the state. Their supporters claimed many of the budget shortfall situations were created before they even took office, during the Hunt administration, while their detractors criticized their support of raising sales taxes multiple times to cover the cost of new state programs.
During their administration, Easley confronted the state legislature on numerous occasions. Easley is the first North Carolina governor to use the power of veto, which voters gave the governor's office in 1996. First, in November 2002, Easley vetoed legislation related to unqualified appointments to various boards and commissions. In June 2003, they vetoed a bill that stripped the State Board of Education of its authority to set teacher standards. In August 2003, they vetoed HB 917 which raised fees charged by finance companies. In July 2004, they vetoed HB 429 which would have required local governments to make cash payments to billboard owners of up to five times the annual revenue generated by the billboard upon its removal. In March 2005, they vetoed SB 130 which would have conveyed state property. In September 2005, they vetoed HB 706 which would have affected teacher standards. In August 2007 they vetoed HB 1761, a controversial financial incentives bill which would have awarded up to 40 million dollars to companies within the state. Easley has used their veto power a total of nine times as of 2008. Their ninth veto was the first to be overridden by the legislature in North Carolina history.
Easley ran for a second term as governor in 2004. They defeated Rickey Kipfer, their only opponent in the Democratic primary, and faced Republican former state senator Patrick Ballantine and Libertarian Barbara Howe in November 2004. Though the state voted for Republicans George W. Bush for president and Richard Burr as United States Senator, Easley won their second term as governor and Democrats reestablished control over both chambers of the state legislature (the House had been split equally between the two major parties since 2003).
They also supported a controversial statewide lottery, which was ultimately approved on August 31, 2005, after Lieutenant Governor Bev Perdue cast a tie-breaking vote in the Senate. They have stated that proceeds from the lottery will be used for much-needed educational programs.
Easley presided over 27 executions, including the 1,000th after the death penalty was reintroduced in the United States in 1976. He, however, granted commutation to two death row inmates. The North Carolina governor has the sole right to commute death sentences imposed by a state court.
Governor Easley declined to run against Elizabeth Dole for their Senate seat in 2008. They were considered to be a possible candidate for U.S. Senate to run against Senator Richard Burr in 2010, but they had strongly denied interest in the race. The Raleigh News & Observer speculated in October 2006 that Easley was going to act like a presidential contender in order to position themselves for the vice presidential nomination or a cabinet post.
In 2008 in a case that drew international attention, a North Carolina state trooper was filmed hanging and kicking a police dog they were training. After the trooper's superiors recommended minor punishment, Easley's office recommended that the trooper be fired. The case is ongoing, with the state's canine units currently suspended.
As governor, Easley was a member of the National Governors Association, the Southern Governors' Association, and the Democratic Governors Association. However, they were known for being "reclusive" while in office.
They were succeeded as governor by their Lieutenant Governor, Beverly Perdue, who defeated Charlotte Mayor Pat McCrory in a close race. After leaving office, Easley went to work part-time promoting early college high schools and similar programs for the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.
Political positions
During the 2004 Democratic primaries, they supported North Carolina Senator John Edwards.
In the 2008 campaigns, Easley initially endorsed the presidential candidacy of Senator Hillary Clinton on April 28, 2008. After Senator Barack Obama won the Democratic nomination, Easley endorsed them against Republican nominee John McCain.
Controversies and campaign finance lawsuit
Easley was faced with controversies in 2006 stemming from campaign and overseas travel. Easley's wife, Mary Easley, took two trips out of the country, one to France and one to Russia and Estonia, for cultural exchanges. Republican critics called the trips overly lavish in a time of economic downturn for the state. However, the director of the North Carolina Museum of Art defended Mary Easley's trips as having helped the museum receive loaned art items from The Hermitage in St. Petersburg. Mrs. Easley's efforts also resulted in the North Carolina Museum of Art's obtaining a collection of Auguste Rodin's work valued at $35 million, and in the construction of a new Greek Art wing for the museum.
More controversy surfaced months after Easley left office in January 2009. According to Raleigh's News & Observer, the Federal Bureau of Investigation ordered the North Carolina Highway Patrol to produce all records involving private air travel for Easley and their family. The newspaper reported that Easley may have violated campaign laws.
The North Carolina State Board of Elections opened hearings into Easley's conduct on October 26, 2009.
Following a two-year federal and state investigation into campaign finance irregularities, Easley entered an Alford plea to a single felony violation of state campaign finance law, accepting responsibility for their campaign's failure to report that they took a $1,600 helicopter ride with a supporter in October 2006. While Easley did not admit guilt, they "acknowledged there was sufficient evidence to convict them of a crime." They pled guilty by entering an Alford plea to a single state campaign finance violation. They paid a $1,000 "community penalty." On January 4, 2013, the Senior Resident Superior Court Judge for Wake County granted Easley a Certificate of relief from disabilities. Federal officials ended their investigation because of the plea. Following the conviction, Easley's law license was suspended but formally restored on appeal in January 2013.  They are the first
governor of North Carolina to have been convicted of a felony.
Current activities
Easley is a practicing attorney in North Carolina. They represent businesses and corporations and has been involved in several significant civil trials. Politically, in 2018, they joined former North Carolina Governors in successfully opposing state constitutional amendments that would have weakened the powers of the governor. They also joined in the filing of amicus briefs to oppose gerrymandered congressional and legislative districts in North Carolina.
Personal life
Easley is a fan of NASCAR. They were involved in a crash at Lowe's Motor Speedway near Concord, North Carolina, in 2003. They were behind the wheel of Jimmie Johnson's #48 Lowe's Chevrolet Monte Carlo, when it hit a retaining wall going 120 mph. They were not seriously injured, since they were wearing a head-and-neck restraint at the time.  They are also a fan of the cartoon King of the Hill, and while governor, instructed their pollster to separate the state's voters into those who watch the show and those who don't. Easley reasoned that their constituents ideologies were similar to characters on the show, and would base the explanation of their issues on whether or not the King of the Hill characters would understand them or not.
Easley is also an avid amateur woodworker, and appeared on an episode of The Woodwright's Shop where they made a walnut table.
Electoral history
References
Works cited
External links
Raleigh News & Observer biography
Follow the Money - Mike Easley
2006 2004 2002 2000 Governor campaign contributions
1996 Attorney General campaign contributions
|-
Governors of North Carolina
North Carolina Attorneys General
American prosecutors
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill alumni
North Carolina Central University alumni
Politicians from Charlotte, North Carolina
People from Rocky Mount, North Carolina
North Carolina Democrats
Mike
1950 births
Living people
Catholics from North Carolina
Democratic Party governors of North Carolina
American people convicted of campaign finance violations
Lawyers from Charlotte, North Carolina
North Carolina politicians convicted of crimes
Kenza Fortas (born 26 January 2001 in Bagnols-sur-Cèze) is a French actor. In their first film they played the title role in Scheherazade. They also appeared in BAC Nord directed by Cédric Jimenez.
External links
French film actores
21st-century French actores
Living people
2001 births
Most Promising Actress César Award winners
People from Bagnols-sur-Cèze
Bahçedere is a village in the District of Gerede, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 64 people.
References
Villages in Gerede District
Oreste Cioni (born 13 February 1913 in Telgate, died 1968 in Terni) was an Italian footballer. They played their whole career with Ternana. They made their debut in 1932–1933 season, while their club was playing in I Divisione. They began to play regularly only from 1939–1940 season, in Serie C. They played until 1947–1948 season in Serie B.
After five years, when Ternana was fallen in Promozione, they became player-manager of the team. The following year they remained only as a manager and won the promotion in Serie D. They managed Ternana in two other seasons, 1960–1961 in Serie D and 1965–1966 in Serie C, both times taking over the place.
With 37 goals scored they are the 7th all-time scorer for Ternana.
Career
1932-1948 Ternana 149 (37)
1952-1953 Ternana 1 (0)
Manager career
1952-1954 Ternana
1960-1961 Ternana
1965-1966 Ternana
External links
1913 births
1968 deaths
Italian footballers
Ternana Calcio players
Association footballers not categorized by position
Cyardium obscurum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Per Olof Christopher Aurivillius in 1925. It is known from Sumatra and Borneo.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1925
"Fall to Pieces" is a song by Canadian singer-songwriter Avril Lavigne from their second studio album, Under My Skin (2004). The song was written by Lavigne and was co-written and produced by Raine Maida. It was released April 18, 2005, as the fourth single from the album in North America and select European markets, while "He Wasn't" was released internationally.
Composition
"Fall to Pieces" is a guitar-driven ballad set to a moderate rock tempo of 92 BPM. It was composed in the key of C major, with a vocal range of G3-E5.
Chart performance
"Fall to Pieces" peaked at number 175 on the Russian Airplay Top 100 Chart. In the US, it reached number six on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart and number 55 on the Billboard Pop 100, in addition to reaching numbers 18 and 34, respectively, on the Adult Top 40 and Mainstream Top 40 airplay charts. In Canada, "Fall to Pieces" reached number six on the Radio & Records CHR/Pop Top 30 chart and at number 4 on the magazine's Hot AC Top 30 chart.
Track listings and formats
CD single
"Fall to Pieces" – 3:28
"Suggested Callout Hook" – 0:10
Credits and personnel
Credits and personnel are adapted from Fall to Pieces CD single liner notes.
Avril Lavigne – writer, vocals
Raine Maida – writer, producer, guitar
Tom Lord-Alge – mixing engineer
Femio Hernandez – assistant mixing engineer
Leon Zervos – mastering at Sterling Sound (New York City)
Brian Garcia – recording engineer, digital editing
Jason Cupp – assistant recording engineer
Jason Lader – digital editing, bass, programming
Phil X – guitar
Nick Lashley – guitar
Kenny Aronoff – drums, percussion
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Release history
References
2000s ballads
Avril Lavigne songs
2005 songs
2005 singles
RCA Records singles
Sony BMG singles
Songs written by Avril Lavigne
Songs written by Raine Maida
Rock ballads
ICT University is an accredited private university located in Yaounde, Cameroon. It aims to provide ICT and Managerial Human Capacity Development in developing countries.
Background
ICT University started in 2010 and it currently serves more than 15,000 students via on-site and online programs around the World.The University develops productive and relevant Diploma, Bachelors, Masters and Doctoral level scholars to utilize their research and training in solving the substantial problems in their countries.
Programs and departments
Bachelors of science in Natural science
Bachelors of science in accounting
Bachelors of science in ICT
Masters of Arts in Regional Development Planning
Masters of science in Applied statistics
Masters of science in Information and communication technology
Masters of science in Information systems and networking
Masters of science in public health
Masters of science in Telecommunication
Masters in Business management and sustainable development
Masters in International Business Administration
PhD in public health
PhD in Business Administration
PhD in Business Administration for Sustainable Development
PhD in Software Engineering
PhD in Data Communication and Networking
PhD in Telecommunication
PhD in Information and Communication Technology
ICT University Foundation
The ICT University Foundation is registered and chartered in the USA. It is the funding organ of all ICT University campuses. It also funds donations of ICT equipment, E-Learning laboratories and E-Libraries for many universities in developing nations in Africa. The headquarters of African campuses is in Cameroon. The University's Cameroon campus is accredited by Cameroon Ministry of Higher Education in 2012.
Research Center
The Professors Terry and Linda Byrd Research Centre is hosted by ICT University and it is a research institution that examines, analyses, surveys, assesses, grades, and understands so-called exponential technologies and their utilisation in advancing the business, health, education, and general welfare of humanity, especially in the Sub Saharan Africa region.
ICT University Information and Communications Department created the ICT Center for Cybersecurity Studies in 2020 and offering courses in Cybersecurity and Data Privacy. These courses are tailored around the Confidentiality, Integrity, and Available and enable graduates to potentially earn Certification from ISACA or ISC2.
References
American University
Educational institutions established in 2010
Universities and colleges in Cameroon
Universities in Cameroon
Universities and colleges in Nigeria
Universities and colleges in Africa
2010 establishments in Cameroon
Kroft is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Richard Kroft, Canadian lawyer, business person and Senator
Steve Kroft, American journalist
Tyler Kroft, American football player
See also
Lana Coc-Kroft, New Zealand television and radio personality
Wim van der Kroft, Dutch canoeist
Raymond Davis may refer to:
Raymond Davis Jr. (1914–2006), American physicist and chemist, Nobel laureate in physics
Ray Davis (musician) (1940–2005), member of The Parliaments, Parliament, Funkadelic, and The Temptations
Ray Davis (business person), chief executive officer of Energy Transfer Partners and owner of the Texas Rangers of Major League Baseball
Raymond Allen Davis (born 1974), American CIA contractor accused of double murder in Pakistan in 2011
Raymond E. Davis (1885–1965), U.S. Navy sailor and 1906 recipient of the U.S. Medal of Honor
Raymond G. Davis (1915–2003), U.S. Marine Corps general and 1950 recipient of the U.S. Medal of Honor
Wallace Ray Davis (1949–2007), televangelist and owner of Affiliated Media Group
Ray E. Davis, football and baseball coach at Louisiana Tech in 1939
Raymond Cazallis Davis (1836–1919), chief librarian at the University of Michigan
See also
Raymond Davies (disambiguation)
Ray Davies (born 1944), frontman of The Kinks
The brown-chested barbet (Capito brunneipectus), also called cinnamon-breasted barbet, is a species of bird in the family Capitonidae, the New World barbets. It is endemic to Brazil's central Amazon Basin.
Taxonomy and systematics
At one time, the brown-chested barbet, black-spotted barbet (Capito niger), and gilded barbet (Capito auratus) were considered conspecific but since the late 20th century have been accepted as individual species that are each other's closest relatives.
The brown-chested barbet is monotypic.
Description
The brown-chested barbet is approximately long; the male weighs approximately . The male's crown is dull gold with a wide black patch through the eye below it. Its back is black with yellow streaks. The throat is yellowish-white; below it is a cinnamon breastband and a yellow to olive belly, both with faint streaks. The female is similar but duller and it has more yellowish markings on the wings and its throat is black-spotted cinnamon.
Distribution and habitat
The brown-chested barbet is found south of the Amazon River between the Madeira River on the west and the Tapajós River on the east. The southerly limit of its range is not known. It inhabits the canopy of wet forest.
Behavior
Feeding
The brown-chested barbet is known to eat insects, other arthropods, and fruit. It forages by climbing vines and hopping on branches and twigs. It will join mixed-species foraging flocks.
Breeding
The brown-chested barbet apparently breeds from as early as March into June. No other information about its breeding phenology has been published.
Vocalization
The brown-chested barbet's song is "a rapid 'hoo' trill of short notes" .
Status
The IUCN has assessed the brown-chested barbet as being of The Least Concern. However, its "small range, coupled with the fact that so little is known about its habitat requirements and breeding habits, suggests that it should be monitored; its conservation status possibly requires reassessment."
References
brown-chested barbet
Birds of the Brazilian Amazon
Endemic birds of Brazil
brown-chested barbet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Unione Sportiva Dilettante Cirié Calcio (formerly Unione Sportiva Dilettante Orbassano Cirié) is an Italian association football club located in Cirié, Piedmont. It currently plays in Serie D. Its colors are black and blue.
External links
Official homepage
Ciriè page @ Serie-D.com
Association football clubs established in 1930
Football clubs in Piedmont and Aosta Valley
1930 establishments in Italy
Cirié
The women's 800 metres event at the 2001 IAAF World Indoor Championships was held on March 9–11.
Medalists
Results
Heats
First 2 of each heat (Q) and the next 4 fastest (q) qualified for the semifinals.
Semifinals
First 3 of each semifinal (Q) qualified directly for the final.
Final
References
Results
800
800 metres at the World Athletics Indoor Championships
2001 in women's athletics
Ningbo University (NBU; ) is located in Jiangbei District, Ningbo, Zhejiang, China. It is a provincially governed key university in Zhejiang Province. It is a Chinese state Double First Class University Plan university, identified by the Ministry of Education.
History
Ningbo University was established in 1986 by the donation of Yue-Kong Pao. Other major benefactors include Sir Run-run Shaw, Sir Chao An Chung (), Sir Hans Tang, Sir Yue-shu Pao (), Sir Cao Guangbiao, Sir Li Dashan (), Sir Zhu Yinglong ().
In 1996, Ningbo Normal College () and Zhejiang Shuichan College, Ningbo () were merged into Ningbo University.
In the early years of the school founding, Zhejiang University, Fudan University, China University of Science and Technology, Beijing University and other counterparts reconstruction, starting point to begin the school history.
After 2000, Ningbo Maritime School, Ningbo Forestry School, and Ningbo Normal School were merged into Ningbo University.
The first president was Zhu Zhaoxiang, serving from September 1985 to September 1988. Academician Yan Luguang served as president from 1999 to 2004.
School Ranking
The school ranking by the Wushu Lian presided over the "2015 China University Evaluation", the 2015 Chinese University Ranking Award comprehensive strength ranked 76 (40.4 points) out of TOP 192 China Universities.
Faculty of Education ranked 26 in china
Faculty of Science and Technology ranked 96
Faculty of Engineering ranked 87
Faculty of Science ranked 91
Faculty of Economics ranked 59
Faculty of Law ranked 55
Faculty of literature ranked 46
2011 University research ranking of top 70 in East of China ranked 27
2011 East China University Research ranked 35
In 2018-2019 Ningbo University was ranked 102 on the national level
Schools
Business School of Ningbo University
School of Marine Science
School of Information Science and Engineering
School of Science
School of Medicine
School of Mechanical Engineering and Mechanics
School of Law
School of Teacher Education
School of Maritime and Transportation
School of Sport Science
Medical School
School of Arts
School of Architecture, Civil Engineering
References
External links
Official website
Education in Ningbo
Educational institutions established in 1986
Universities and colleges in Zhejiang
Universities in China with English-medium medical schools
1986 establishments in China
The St. Thomas Observatory is an astronomical observatory operated by the Department of Physics on the main campus of the University of St. Thomas in Minnesota. The observatory consists of an automated dome and a fully robotic 17-inch (0.43 m) corrected Dall-Kirkham reflecting telescope coupled with a 10.7-megapixel CCD camera. The observatory is used for public observing events and facilitates student research projects.
See also
List of astronomical observatories
References
External links
St. Paul Clear Sky Chart forecast of observing conditions covering the St. Thomas Observatory.
Astronomical observatories in Minnesota
University of St. Thomas (Minnesota)
The Castle of Velasco () is a 14th-century castle in Valle de Mena, Burgos, Spain. The medieval castle has been restored and is privately owned. The Spanish government classifies the fortification as a site of cultural interest.
References
External links
News article (in Spanish) detailing the preservation of the castle
Bien de Interés Cultural landmarks in the Province of Burgos
14th-century establishments in Spain
Castles in Spain
Arkit may refer to:
ARKit, an iOS developer API
Arkit, Republic of Dagestan, Russia
Arkyt, Kyrgyzstan
Best Way is a Ukrainian company which develops real-time strategy video games. The company was founded in 1991 in Sievierodonetsk, Luhans'k, Ukraine. Its first title was Soldiers: Heroes of WWII. The Best Way's games use the Gem game engine.
Projects
Own games
Soldiers: Heroes of WWII (June 2004), publishers: 1C Company, Codemasters
Faces of War (September 2006), publishers: 1C Company, Ubisoft
Men of War (February 2009), publishers: 1C Company, 505 Games
Men of War II: Arena formally known as "Soldiers: Arena" (Discontinued on the August 10, 2021 in favor of Men of War II), publishers: 1C Online Games
Men of War II (2022), publishers: 1C Entertainment
Games that use the Gem game engine
RTS games
Outfront: Saboteurs
Outfront: Saboteurs 2
Outfront: Saboteurs 3
Men of War: Red Tide
Men of War: Assault Squad
Men of War: Vietnam
Men of War: Condemned Heroes
Men of War: Assault Squad 2
Battle of Empires: 1914-1918
Call to Arms
Assault Squad 2: Men of War Origins
Men of War: Assault Squad 2 - Cold War
Majesty 2
Majesty 2: The Fantasy Kingdom Sim
Majesty 2: Kingmaker
Majesty 2: Battles of Ardania
Majesty 2: Monster Kingdom
Cancelled games
Nuclear Union (Cancelled, 2014), publisher: 1C Company
Tskhinvali Is On Fire (Cancelled), developer: Aarre Games Ltd, publisher: Aarre Games Ltd
Men of War II: Arena (Cancelled, September 2021), publishers: 1C Company
References
External links
Best Way website
Video game companies established in 1991
Video game companies of Ukraine
Video game development companies
1991 establishments in Ukraine
It's A Hard Truth Ain't It is a 2018 documentary film by Madeleine Sackler, Dennis Brown, Franklin Cox, Brandon Crider, Clifford Elswick, Joseph Henderson, Herb Robertson, Rushawn Tanksley, Marshaun Bugg, Al'jonon Coleman, James Collins, Quentis Hardiman, Charles Lawrence, and Mark Thacker.
It is the first widely released film co-directed by people who are incarcerated. The film is a documentary in which 13 men in prison study film making with filmmaker Madeleine Sackler to tell their own stories. Sackler's fiction film, O.G., was in part inspired by the work done for this documentary; many of the co-directors in It's A Hard Truth Ain't It also appear in O.G.
It's A Hard Truth Ain't It was nominated for an Emmy Award in the Outstanding Arts and Culture Documentary category.
Animated portrayals of the men's memories were created by Yoni Goodman.
The film and O.G. were both acquired by HBO after premiering at the Tribeca Film Festival.
References
External links
Hard Truth Film
Great Curve Films
2018 films
HBO Films films
2018 documentary films
2010s English-language films
In microeconomics, search theory studies buyers or sellers who cannot instantly find a trading partner, and must therefore search for a partner prior to transacting.
Search theory clarifies how buyers and sellers choose when to acknowledge a coordinating offer for a transaction. Search theory also provides an explanation for why frictional unemployment happens as people look for jobs and corporations look for new employees.
Search theory has been used primarily to explain labor market inefficiencies, but also for all forms of "buyers" and "sellers", whether products, homes or even spouses/partners. It can be applied. The clearing price will be met quickly as supply and demand react freely. However, this does not happen in the real world. Search theory tries to explain how.
Search theory has been applied in labor economics to analyze frictional unemployment resulting from job hunting by workers. In consumer theory, it has been applied to analyze purchasing decisions. From a worker's perspective, an acceptable job would be one that pays a high wage, one that offers desirable benefits, and/or one that offers pleasant and safe working conditions. From a consumer's perspective, a product worth purchasing would have sufficiently high quality and be offered at a sufficiently low price. In both cases, whether a given job or product is acceptable depends on the searcher's beliefs about the alternatives available in the market.
More precisely, search theory studies an individual's optimal strategy when choosing from a series of potential opportunities of random quality, under the assumption that delaying choice is costly. Search models illustrate how best to balance the cost of delay against the value of the option to try again. Mathematically, search models are optimal stopping problems.
Macroeconomists have extended search theory by studying general equilibrium models in which one or more types of searchers interact. These macroeconomic theories have been called 'matching theory', or 'search and matching theory.
Search from a known distribution
George J. Stigler proposed thinking of searching for bargains or jobs as an economically important problem. John J. McCall proposed a dynamic model of job search, based on the mathematical method of optimal stopping, on which much later work has been based. McCall's paper studied the problem of which job offers an unemployed worker should accept, and which reject, when the distribution of alternatives is known and constant, and the value of money is constant. Holding fixed job characteristics, they characterized the job search decision in terms of the reservation wage, that is, the lowest wage the worker is willing to accept. The worker's optimal strategy is simply to reject any wage offer lower than the reservation wage, and accept any wage offer higher than the reservation wage.
The reservation wage may change over time if some of the conditions assumed by McCall are not met. For example, a worker who fails to find a job might lose skills or face stigma, in which case the distribution of potential offers that worker might receive will get worse, the longer they or they are unemployed. In this case, the worker's optimal reservation wage will decline over time. Likewise, if the worker is risk averse, the reservation wage will decline over time if the worker gradually runs out of money while searching. The reservation wage would also differ for two jobs of different characteristics; that is, there will be a compensating differential between different types of jobs.
An interesting observation about McCall's model is that greater variance of offers may make the searcher better off, and prolong optimal search, even if they or they are risk averse. This is because when there is more variation in wage offers (holding fixed the mean), the searcher may want to wait longer (that is, set a higher reservation wage) in hopes of receiving an exceptionally high wage offer. The possibility of receiving some exceptionally low offers has less impact on the reservation wage, since bad offers can be turned down.
While McCall framed their theory in terms of the wage search decision of an unemployed worker, similar insights are applicable to a consumer's search for a low price. In that context, the highest price a consumer is willing to pay for a particular good is called the reservation price.
Search from known distributions and heterogeneous costs
Opportunities might provide payoffs from different distributions. Costs of sampling may vary from an opportunity to another. As a result, some opportunities appear more profitable to sample than others. These problems are referred to as Pandora box problems introduced by Martin Weitzman. Boxes have different opening costs. Pandora opens boxes, but will only enjoy the best opportunity. With the payoff they discovered from the box , the cost they have paid to open it and the set of boxes they have opened, Pandora receives
It can be proven Pandora associates to each box a reservation value. Them optimal strategy is to open the boxes by decreasing order of reservation value until the opened box that maximizes their payoff exceed the highest reservation value of the remaining boxes. This strategy is referred as the Pandora's rule.
In fact, the Pandora's rule remains the optimal sampling strategy for complex payoff functions. Wojciech Olszewski and Richard Weber show that Pandora's rule is optimal if they maximizes
for continuous, non-negative, non-decreasing, symmetric and submodular.
Endogenizing the price distribution
Studying optimal search from a given distribution of prices led economists to ask why the same good should ever be sold, in equilibrium, at more than one price. After all, this is by definition a violation of the law of one price. However, when buyers do not have perfect information about where to find the lowest price (that is, whenever search is necessary), not all sellers may wish to offer the same price, because there is a trade-off between the frequency and the profitability of their sales. That is, firms may be indifferent between posting a high price (thus selling infrequently, only to those consumers with the highest reservation prices) and a low price (at which they will sell more often, because it will fall below the reservation price of more consumers).
Search from an unknown distribution
When the searcher does not even know the distribution of offers, then there is an additional motive for search: by searching longer, more is learned about the range of offers available. Search from one or more unknown distributions is called a multi-armed bandit problem. The name comes from the slang term 'one-armed bandit' for a casino slot machine, and refers to the case in which the only way to learn about the distribution of rewards from a given slot machine is by actually playing that machine. Optimal search strategies for an unknown distribution have been analyzed using allocation indices such as the Gittins index.
Matching theory
More recently, job search, and other types of search, have been incorporated into macroeconomic models, using a framework called 'matching theory'. Peter A. Diamond, Dale Mortensen, and Christopher A. Pissarides won the 2010 Nobel prize in economics for their work on matching theory.
In models of matching in the labor market, two types of search interact. That is, the rate at which new jobs are formed is assumed to depend both on workers' search decisions, and on firms' decisions to open job vacancies. While some matching models include a distribution of different wages, others are simplified by ignoring wage differences, and just imply that workers pass through an unemployment spell of random length before beginning work.
See also
Frictional unemployment
Information economics
Job hunting
Labor economics
Optimal stopping
Price dispersion
Real options analysis
Reservation wage
Search cost
References
Labour economics
Microeconomic theories
Mitzi Martin (born December 27, 1967) is an American actor and model, most notable for their roles in the films Harley-Davidson and the Marlboro Man, Joe Dirt, Dude, Where's My Car?, and The Island. Them likeness and image were also used for the character Cate Archer in the computer game No One Lives Forever.
Career
Modeling
Martin first came to prominence as a fashion model. Early in their career, they were signed to top agencies such as Marilyn Models in Paris, the now defunct Bethann Models in New York, and Elite Models Los Angeles. Martin has appeared in advertisements for Finesse Shampoo, L'Oréal, Laise Adzer, Cutex, 000.1 studio by Ferre, and LA Eyeworks. They have also graced numerous magazine covers including Elle Spain, Vogue Germany, Elle Netherlands, Flare Magazine, Model, Moda Magazine, Estetica, and Harper's Bazaar.  They are currently represented by Heffner Model Management in Seattle.
Acting
After a successful career as a fashion model, Martin embarked on an acting career. In 1991, they made their first appearance in the feature film Harley-Davidson and the Marlboro Man. It wasn't until 2000 that Martin focused their attention to acting appearing in films such as Dude, Where's my Car?, Joe Dirt, S1m0ne and The Island.
Personal life
Currently, Martin is married to Josh Todd of Buckcherry and resides in Los Angeles with their children Willow and Jack.
References
External links
1967 births
Female models from California
Models from Los Angeles
American television actores
American film actores
Living people
Actresses from Los Angeles
American video game actores
21st-century American women
The 2006 Dubai World Cup was a horse race held at Nad Al Sheba Racecourse on Saturday 25 March 2006. It was the 11th running of the Dubai World Cup.
The winner was Godolphin's American-bred Electrocutionist, a five-year-old bay horse trained in the Dubai by Saeed bin Suroor and ridden by Frankie Dettori. Electrocutionist's victory was the third in the race for Dettori, the fifth in the race for bin Suroor and the fourth for Godolphin.
Originally trained in Italy, Electroctionist won the Gran Premio di Milano and the International Stakes before being sold to Godolphin and transferred to the stable of Saeed bin Suroor. On their debut for their new connections they raced for the first time on dirt and won the third round of the Al Maktoum Challenge. In the 2006 Dubai World Cup they started the 5/4 favourite and won by one and a half lengths from the American-trained Brass Hat, with Wilko three lengths back in third. The Japanese-trained second favourite Kane Hekili finished fifth of the eleven runners. The runner-up Brass Hat was subsequently disqualified after failing a post-race dope test.
Race details
Sponsor: Emirates Airline
Purse: £3,488,372; First prize: £2,093,023
Surface: Dirt
Going: Fast
Distance: 10 furlongs
Number of runners: 11
Winner's time: 2:01.32
Full result
Abbreviations: DSQ = disqualified; nse = nose; nk = neck; shd = head; hd = head; nk = neck
Winner's details
Further details of the winner, Electrocutionist
Sex: Stallion
Foaled: 24 February 2001
Country: United States
Sire: Red Ransom; Dam: Elbaaha (Arazi)
Owner: Godolphin
Breeder: Compagnia Generale
References
Dubai World Cup
Dubai World Cup
Dubai World Cup
Dubai World Cup
Jan Stuart is an American art historian specialising in Chinese painting, ceramics and decorative arts.  They are currently the Melvin R. Seiden Curator of Chinese Art at the Freer Gallery of Art and Arthur M. Sackler Gallery in Washington, D.C.
Education
Born in New York City and raised in Connecticut, Stuart earned their BA and MA in East Asian studies at Yale University, and did a second MA at Princeton University in Chinese art and archeology.
Career
Stuart worked at the Freer and Sackler Galleries for more than 20 years (1988-2006). They then took the position of Keeper of the Department of Asia at the British Museum (2006-2014). During their time at the British Museum, they were responsible for a collection of 125,000 objects, ranging from prehistoric pieces to contemporary art, a team of curators and support staff, and the creation of the Sir Joseph Hotung Centre for Ceramic Studies, which houses the Sir Percival David Collection of Chinese art. They also supervised and contributed to a number of exhibitions, including The First Emperor: China's Terracotta Army, Xu Bing: Background Story, Shunga: Sex and Pleasure in Japanese Art, and Ming: 50 Years That Changed China. In 2014 they returned to the Freer and Sackler Galleries, where they are currently the Melvin R. Seiden Curator of Chinese Art at the Freer Gallery of Art and Arthur M. Sackler Gallery in Washington, D.C.
Selected publications
2011 "Timely Images: Chinese Art and Festival Display", Proceedings of the British Academy Volume 167, 2009 Lectures, 2011.
2001 (with Evelyn S. Rawski) Worshipping the Ancestors: Chinese Commemorative Portraits, Washington, DC and Stanford, CA: Freer Gallery of Art and the Arthur M. Sackler Gallery in association with Stanford University Press,
1990 "Ming dynasty gardens reconstructed in words and images", The Journal of Garden History, 1990
References
External links
Jan Stuart's staff page at Freer and Sackler Galleries
Jan Stuart on Academia.edu
American art historians
Living people
Employees of the British Museum
Women art historians
American women historians
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American women
American women curators
American curators
Whatcom Community College (WCC or Whatcom) is a public community college in Bellingham, Washington, in Whatcom County. Established in 1967, Whatcom has been accredited by the Northwest Commission on Colleges and Universities since 1976.
Academics
Whatcom offers transfer degrees, professional and technical training programs, basic education, job skills, online courses, and Community & Continuing Education classes.
Student demographics
Demographics
56% female; 44% male
68% between the ages of 16–24
76% from Whatcom County (of students 20 and younger)
53% attending full-time (12 credits or more)
21% students of color (of degree/certificate seeking students)
42% first-generation (of degree/certificate seeking students)
Student profiles
6,832 credit seeking students annually
1,110 Running Start students annually (569 FTE)
300+ international students from 30 countries
239 veterans annually
4,056 Community & Continuing Education students annually
Campus
WCC's 72-acre campus, located in north Bellingham, is made up of 12 buildings: Auxiliary Services Building, Baker Hall, Cascade Hall, Foundation Building, Health Professions Education Center, Heiner Center, Kelly Hall, Kulshan Hall, Laidlaw Center, Pavilion, Roe Studio, and Syre Student Center.
Athletics
WCC competes in the Northern Region of the Northwest Athletic Conference (NWAC). WCC has intercollegiate teams in three sports: men's and women's soccer, women's volleyball and men's and women's basketball. Soccer and volleyball seasons begin in September and end in late November. Basketball begins in mid-November and runs through the end of February. All of the Orcas' home games are held in either the Pavilion or the Orca athletic field on campus.
Honors
In October 2014, the National Security Agency and Department of Homeland Security designated Whatcom Community College as a national center of academic excellence in information assurance and cyber defense. WCC is among the first community colleges in the nation to earn this distinction.
Whatcom Community College was one of three schools to receive the Progress and Succeed Award from Hobsons, an education software and services company, in July 2014. The award recognized WCC's for using the company's online student advising and support technology, which replaces manual processes and integrates degree planning, advising, and scheduling.
According to the Aspen Institute, WCC was among the nation's top 150 community colleges. The non-profit institute selected the colleges from a pool of more than 1,000 public two-year colleges that have demonstrated exceptional levels of student success. As of 2014, of Washington state's 34 community and technical colleges, Whatcom is one of six to receive this recognition.
WCC's auxiliary services building earned LEED Silver certification for its sustainable design elements. The building, which opened in spring 2013, is home to the campus facilities department and the copy, print and mail center.
During a high-profile White House cybersecurity meeting in August 2021, WCC announced they have been designated one of the National Science Foundation (NSF) Advanced Technological Education National Cybersecurity Centers. This will allow students to be fast tracked from academics to employment in cybersecurity and to train WCC's cybersecurity faculty.
References
Community colleges in Washington (state)
Universities and colleges in Bellingham, Washington
Educational institutions established in 1967
Universities and colleges accredited by the Northwest Commission on Colleges and Universities
Universities and colleges in Whatcom County, Washington
The 1978 Harrow Council election took place on 4 May 1978 to elect members of Harrow London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1978
1978 London Borough council elections
The European Judicial Network (EJN) is a network of contact points within the EU designed to facilitate judicial cooperation across borders. With a focus on serious crime (such as organized crime, corruption, drug smuggling and terrorism), it helps form and maintain contacts between agencies in member states.
The Network was created by Joint Action 98/428 in 1998, to fulfil recommendation no. 21 of the Action Plan to Combat Organised Crime adopted by the Council of the European Union on 28 April 1997.
A priority of the EJN is the dissemination of information to its citizens, judges and legal practitioners, primarily through its Web site. The EJN's main functions are: Facilitating judicial cooperation among the Member States; travelling to meet the contact points of other State Members, as necessary; providing the local judicial authorities of their country with the necessary legal and practical information; providing the local judicial authorities of other member states the necessary legal and practical information; improving the coordination of the judicial cases.
A member state's Contact Point can identify relevant other Contact Points via the European Justice Atlas.
The secretariat of the EJN functions as an independent autonomous unit within the staff of Eurojust, based in The Hague in the Netherlands.
References
External links
European Judicial Network
Agencies of the European Union
Law enforcement in Europe
1998 establishments in the Netherlands
1998 in the European Union
Government agencies established in 1998
Organisations based in The Hague
Judicial cooperation
The British Tunnelling Society (BTS) is a professional association established in London, UK, in 1971 by tunnelling professionals, led by Sir Harold Harding. The BTS is a learned society of the Institution of Civil Engineers, its mission being to provide a forum for meetings and discussion on tunnel-related matters.
The BTS took part in the founding of the International Tunnelling Association (ITA) in 1974 and represents the UK on its General Assembly. In 2016, the BTS had 800 members making it one of the largest. The current chairperson of the BTS, Kate Cooksey, assumed the position in May 2020.  They are also the first female chairperson of the Society.
Activities
The BTS provides a forum for meetings and discussion on tunnel-related matters, the BTS also publishes industry guidelines and codes of practice; conducts training courses to advance the education of tunnelling professionals; promotes the recruitment of young people to the industry; acknowledges excellence in tunnelling; sponsors and supports industry conferences; and advises Government and the general public on the art and science of tunnelling. Additionally, the BTS supports the MSc in Tunnelling and Underground Space at The University of Warwick, by advising on the course structure and facilitating lecturers from industry for many modules.
The BTS organises monthly meeting and the BTS Conference & Exhibition and Harding Memorial Lecture every second year. Named after Sir Harding – the founder of the society.
Awards and prizes
The BTS awards the James Clarke Medal and Harding Prize annually to recognise the achievements of both eminent and young tunnellers respectively.
Harding Prize
Named in honour of Sir Harold Harding, the Harding Prize is awarded annually. The entry to the award consists of an original paper relating to any aspect of tunnelling which the entrant considers to be of interest to others in the tunnelling industry and is open to those aged 33 or younger on 1 January of the same year. The papers are then reviewed by a group of BTS committee members and the writers of selected papers are invited to make an oral presentation to the April BTS meeting. The winner is decided by members of the BTS Committee.
The James Clark Medal
The James Clark Medal is named in honour of James Clark, who worked for Charles Brand and Sons on many well-known tunnels. In 1981 their widow, Madeline, bequeathed a sum of money to provide a medal to be awarded annually to a British Tunneller to perpetuate James' memory. The original criteria were: contemporary achievement in tunnelling; or innovation or responsibility for a large project. In the mid-1980s the medal was not awarded, and with Madeline's approval a third criterion was added: a major contribution to the tunnelling industry. The James Clark Medal is the highest honour awarded by The British Tunnelling Society and has been awarded to:
2021 - Bob Ibell
2020 - Helen Nattrass
2019 - Mike King
2018 - David Donaldson
2017 - Joseph Gallagher
2016 - Alan Runacres
2015 - Doug Allenby
2014 - Peter Jaques
2013 - Andy Sindall
2012 - David Court
2011 - Terry Mellors
2010 - Martin Knights
2009 - Donald Lamont MBE
2008 - Jack Knight
2007 - Tommy Talbot
2006 - Alan Dyke
2005 - Maurice Gooderham
2004 - Rodney Craig
2003 - James Buchanan
2002 - Dennis Walder
2001 - David C Wallis
2000 - Denis S Lawrenson
1999 - Colin N P Mackenzie
1998 - Dr Myles O'Reilly
1997 - Gerard Pakes
1996 - Hugh Docherty
1995 - Dick Watts
1994 - John Bartlett OBE
1994 - Sir Alan Muir Wood
1993 - R Remington
1992 - Oliver M Bevan
1991 - Alastair J Biggart
1991- John King
1991 - Colin J Kirkland
1990 - David Martin
1989 - R J S McBean
1988 - Gordon Ince
1985/86/87 Not Awarded
1984 - K H Moore
1983 - David A Harries, A C Lyons
1982 - J Sheridan
1981 - E Whyte
Publications
Over the years, The BTS and its Working Groups have published, or collaborated with others to publish, numerous best practice and other guides. These publications include:
Traditional Timbering in Soft Ground Tunnelling : A Historical Review (2014)
Monitoring Underground Construction: A best practice guide (2011)
The Specification for Tunnelling ( 2010)
The Tunnel Lining Design Guide (2004)
The Closed-face tunnelling machines and ground stability report (2005)
Joint Code of Practice for Risk Management of Tunnel Works in the UK (2003)
Hand Arm Vibration Syndrome (HAVS) : A Guide to Good Practice (2006)
Occupational Exposure to Nitrogen Monoxide : Best Practice Guide (2008)
A Guide to the Work in Compressed Air Regulations (1996)
Guidance for good working practice in high pressure compressed air (2015)
The BTS has also actively participated in the production or revision of a number of key standards for the tunnelling industry:
BS6164: Code of Practice for Health & Safety in Tunnelling
BS EN 815: Safety of unshielded tunnel boring machines and rodless shaft boring machines for rock.
BS EN 12110: Tunnelling machines Air locks Safety requirements
BS EN 12111: Tunnelling machines Road headers, continuous miners and impact rippers Safety requirements.
BS EN 12336: Tunnelling machines Shield machines, thrust boring machines, auger boring machines, lining erection equipment Safety requirements.
Former BTS Chairmen
Ivor Thomas (2018–2020)
Mark Leggett (2016–2018)
Roger Bridge (2014–2016)
Damian McGirr (2012–2014)
Robert Ibell (2010–2012)
Paul Hoyland (2008–2010)
Bill Grose (2006–2008)
David Court (2004–2006)
Anthony Umney (2002–2004)
Peter South (2000–2002)
David Wallis (1999–2000)
Eric Snowdon (1997–1999)
David Fawcett (1995–1997)
Colin Mackenzie (1993–1995)
Roy Jennion (1991–1993)
Dr Terry Mellors (1989–1991)
David Donaldson (1987–1989)
Colin Kirkland (1985–1987)
Steven Tough (1983–1985)
Oliver Bevan (1981–1983)
Douglas Parkes (1979–1981)
John Bartlett (1977–1979)
John King (1976–1977)
Sir Alan Muir Wood (1975–1976)
Douglas Parkes (1973–1974)
Sir Alan Muir Wood (1972–1973)
Sir Harold Harding (1971–1973)
National Tunnelling Day
The British Tunnelling Society (BTS) announced the UK's first National Tunnelling Day to take place on Thursday, 3 December 2015. The aim of the day is to generate interest in the great number of world class tunnelling projects currently being undertaken in the UK and to promote the industry (and its many professions) to young people and students of all ages. The day will be an annual event occurring on, or in proximity to, the Feast Day of St. Barbara, traditionally seen as the Patron Saint of Tunnellers in the UK.
References
External links
1971 establishments in the United Kingdom
Institution of Civil Engineers
Organisations based in the City of Westminster
Organizations established in 1971
Professional associations based in the United Kingdom
Tunnelling organizations
Tunnels in the United Kingdom
Antonio Sozzo (born 9 May 1942) is an Italian prelate of the Catholic Church who worked in the diplomatic service of the Holy See, including for twenty years as apostolic nuncio, before they retired in 2015.
Biography
Antonio Sozzo was born on 9 May 1942 in Paola in Calabria. They were ordained a priest of the Diocese of Verona on August 28, 1971. They entered the diplomatic service of the Holy See on 12 July 1976. They worked in Panama, Uruguay, Nigeria, Chile, Germany, Morocco, and Spain, and in the nunciature in Brussels from 1991 to 1993.
On 5 August 1995, Pope John Paul II appointed them Titular Archbishop of Concordia and Apostolic Nuncio to Algeria and to Tunisia, as well as Apostolic Delegate to Libya.
On 23 May 1998, they were appointed Apostolic Nuncio to Costa Rica.
On 17 July 2003, they were appointed Apostolic Nuncio to Morocco. In 2010, after several Christians, including one Catholic priest, were forced to leave Morocco on short notice after being charged with undermining the faith of Muslims, Sozzo insisted that the Church adhere to Morocco's law against proselytizing. They resigned on 16 September 2015 at the age of 73 and was awarded the Order of Ouissam Alaouite by King Mohammed VI the next day.
See also
List of heads of the diplomatic missions of the Holy See
References
External links
Catholic Hierarchy: Archbishop Antonio Sozzo
Living people
1942 births
Apostolic Nuncios to Costa Rica
Apostolic Nuncios to Morocco
Apostolic Nuncios to Algeria
Apostolic Nuncios to Tunisia
Germán Alirio Ospina Castro (born March 28, 1972, in La Unión, Valle del Cauca) is a retired male road cyclist from Colombia, who was a professional rider from 1996 to 1997.
Career
1996
1st in Stage 3 Clásico Mundo Ciclistico (COL)
1st in Stage 12 Vuelta a Colombia (COL)
1st in General Classification Clásica de El Carmen de Viboral (COL)
1997
1st in General Classification Vuelta a Antioquia (COL)
1st in General Classification Clásica a Itagüí (COL)
References
1972 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Valle del Cauca Department
Colombian male cyclists
Vuelta a Colombia stage winners
NFDP
Veloo a/l Sinnathamby, better known as S. Veloo (born 9 November 1966) is a Malaysian football head coach, for Malaysia U-17.
Career
As a coach
Veloo has coached in various levels in Malaysia, such as Johor state schoolboys football team, MASUM (Malaysian University Sports Council) football team, and the Football Association of Malaysia academy in Penang.
They had been an assistant coach in Penang FA since 2006, when they were handed the head coach job in late 2008. They held the job for only one year, before leaving at the end of the 2009 season. They later are appointed the head coach of USM FC, at that time a club who had just won promotion from 2009 Malaysia FAM League to 2010 Malaysia Premier League by finishing in 3rd place. Earlier in their career, they had coached the team from 1999 to 2001, back when they were competing in the Malaysia varsity league.
In the 2010 Malaysia Premier League the university club finished a respectable ninth out of 12 teams, avoiding relegation back to FAM League. The next season was even better for Veloo's team, finishing in mid-table 6th out of 12 team, barely missing the play-off spot to the 2011 Malaysia Cup tournament. In the 2012 Malaysia Premier League campaign, the team consolidated their place in the league with another mid-table finish, again at 6th place. Veloo also guided the team into round of 16 of 2012 Malaysia FA Cup, beating Pos Malaysia FC in the round of 32. They were beaten by eventual finalists Sime Darby FC.Formerly residing in Preston pursuing masters in sports coaching at UCLAN. Currently with NFDP. After a fine year at NFDP,  They are now at Akademi Mokhtar Dahari as the U17 Malaysian National Team Coach
External links
Veloo mahu catat sejarah
Profile at Soccerway
References
Malaysian people of Indian descent
1966 births
Living people
People from Johor
Malaysian football managers
Sir Lawrence Byford (10 August 1925 – 10 February 2018) was Chief Inspector of Constabulary from 1983 to 1987. Their inquiry into the failings of the Yorkshire Ripper investigation by West Yorkshire Police earned them the description "the man who changed the face of modern policing" because it "led to fundamental changes in the way serial killer investigations would be carried out in future across the world".
Early life
Byford was born the son of a coal miner in Normanton, West Yorkshire. They left school without any qualifications and became an apprentice electrician at a local pit. In 1944, Byford was conscripted and saw service during the latter months of World War II with the Royal Signals in France, Belgium and Germany.
Career
Byford's police career began in 1947 as a constable with the West Riding Constabulary, where they rose to be the Commander of the Huddersfield Division. They also graduated from the University of Leeds with a law degree in 1956. They left in 1968 to join the senior leadership team of Lincolnshire Police, and was Chief Constable from 1973 to 1977. They were a Regional Inspector of Constabulary from 1978 until their appointment to the top job. In retirement they served as President of Yorkshire County Cricket Club from 1991 to 1999.
Honours
They were awarded the Queen's Police Medal in 1973. They were appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1979, and was knighted in 1984.
Personal life
In 1950 they married Muriel Campbell Massey: they had three children, one of whom was Deputy Director General of the British Broadcasting Corporation and head of BBC Journalism from 2004 to 2011.
Later life
Byford was President of Yorkshire County Cricket Club from 1990 to 1999; and a Deputy Lieutenant of North Yorkshire from 1992.
References
|-
1925 births
2018 deaths
Alumni of the University of Leeds
British Army personnel of World War II
British Chief Constables
Chief Inspectors of Constabulary (England and Wales)
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Deputy Lieutenants of North Yorkshire
Knights Bachelor
People from Normanton, West Yorkshire
Presidents of Yorkshire County Cricket Club
English recipients of the Queen's Police Medal
Royal Corps of Signals soldiers
Peter Sutcliffe
Gertrude Pierrepont, Countess of Kingston-upon-Hull (29 September 1580 – 1649), born Gertrude Talbot, was an English noblewoman and peeress, the wife of Robert Pierrepont, 1st Earl of Kingston-upon-Hull, and the daughter of the Honourable Henry Talbot, and their wife, the former Elizabeth Reyner.
Henry Talbot was a younger son of George Talbot, 6th Earl of Shrewsbury, and Gertrude was their elder daughter and co-heir. They married Pierrepont at Kinwalton Church, on 8 January 1601, and they were created a Viscount in 1627, and an Earl in 1628.
Their children included:
Henry Pierrepont, 1st Marquess of Dorchester (1606–1680), who married, first, Cecilia Bayning, by whom they had children, and secondly, Lady Catherine Stanley
Francis Pierrepont (died 1658 or 1659), who married Elizabeth Bray and had children
William Pierrepont (1607/8–1679), who married Elizabeth Harries and had children
Gervas Pierrepont (named as responsible for their monument), who died unmarried
Lady Elizabeth Pierrepont, who died unmarried
Lady Frances Pierrepont (born 1615), who married Philip Rolleston and had children
George Pierrepont, who married and had children
Mary, who died in infancy
The Earl of Kingston was killed by friendly fire in 1643, while fighting for King Charles I of England in the English Civil War. The couple's eldest son, Henry, was created a Marquess in 1645. The Countess died, aged 68, and a memorial was erected by their son at St Edmund's Church, Holme Pierrepont, near the family seat; it describes them as "replete with all the qualities that adorn their sex; and more eminent in them than in the greatness of their birth...."
References
1580 births
1649 deaths
English countesses
Charles Dietrich Eberhard Konig or Karl Dietrich Eberhard König, KH (1774 – 6 September 1851) was a German naturalist.
They were born in Brunswick and educated at Göttingen. They came to England at the end of 1800 to organize the collections of Queen Charlotte. On the completion of this work they became assistant to Dryander, librarian to Joseph Banks. In 1807, they succeeded George Shaw as assistant keeper of the department of natural history in the British Museum. On the death of their superior in 1813, they took their place as keeper.
They later became keeper of geology and mineralogy, and turned their attention to minerals and fossils, arranging the recently acquired collection of Mr. Greville. They retained the post until their sudden death in London in 1851.
Konig anglicized their name upon their appointment as assistant keeper in 1807. In 1837, following a House of Commons Select committee report on the British Museum, the Department of Natural History was divided into three branches, with Konig being put in charge of the Mineralogical and Geological branch.
Besides writing various papers for journals, Konig was associated with John Sims in the issue of Annals of Botany from 1805 to 1807. They described many fossils in the British Museum in a classic work entitled Icones fossilium sectiles (1820–1825).
References
1774 births
1851 deaths
Scientists from Braunschweig
People from Brunswick-Lüneburg
Fellows of the Royal Society
Corresponding members of the Saint Petersburg Academy of Sciences
German naturalists
19th-century German geologists
Burials at Kensal Green Cemetery
Employees of the British Museum
University of Göttingen alumni
German emigrants to the Kingdom of Great Britain
In the 2021 French Open – Boys' doubles, Flavio Cobolli and Dominic Stricker were the defending champions, but both players were no longer eligible to participate in junior events.
Arthur Fils and Giovanni Mpetshi Perricard won the title after defeating Martin Katz and German Samofalov 7–5, 6–2 in the final.
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
External links
Draw at rolandgarros.com
Draw at ITFtennis.com
References
Boys' Doubles
2021
The 1963 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships were held in Jajce, Yugoslavia (present-day Bosnia and Herzegovina). This event was held under the auspices of the International Canoe Federation.
The men's competition consisted of four Canadian (single paddle, open boat) and nine kayak events. Three events were held for the women, all in kayak. The women's K-4 500 m event debuted at these championships.
This was the sixth championships in canoe sprint.
Medal summary
Man 's
Canoe
Kayak
Woman 's
Kayak
Medals table
References
ICF medalists for Olympic and World Championships – Part 1: flatwater (now sprint): 1936–2007.
ICF medalists for Olympic and World Championships – Part 2: rest of flatwater (now sprint) and remaining canoeing disciplines: 1936–2007.
Results at Canoeresults.eu
Icf Canoe Sprint World Championships, 1963
Icf Canoe Sprint World Championships, 1963
ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships
International sports competitions hosted by Yugoslavia
Canoeing and kayaking competitions in Yugoslavia
Bawangarhi is located approximately 8 km from Tribeni on the Indo Nepalese border. The term Bawangarhi literally means 52 forts. This name is given to ancient remains of some fortification along the Gandak River.
Geography
The place falls under a village named Darwabari in Bagaha-II block in West Champaran district of Bihar, India. The 52 forts (the number of remains may not actually add up to 52) resemble ramparts and massive embankments along the river for the purpose of holding water and saving banks from flooding. Adjacent to 52 forts is a place called 53 bazaars (there are no 53 bazaars in reality). No trustworthy information is available as the history of Bawangarhi though legends abound.
The place has been in ruins for a long time though it has a great potential to be developed as a tourist spot. The adjoining jungles of Valmikinagar are part of Project Tiger and some part of it has already been declared as sanctuary. Years of neglect and poor law and order situation in the state of Bihar kept this place hidden from the tourist map.
Recent developments
In November 2011 Chief Minister of Bihar, Nitish Kumar showed interest in developing the entire region as a tourist spot but actual progress on ground remains to be seen.
References
Villages in West Champaran district
was a Japanese zoologist. They published over 200 scientific articles on marine animals such as chaetognaths, ctenophores, and tunicates. They were Professor of Zoology at Kyoto University working at the Seto Marine Biological Laboratory in Shirahama, Japan. From 1975-1977, they were the Director of SMBL.
Eponymous species
At least a dozen species are named in their honor, including these below.
Acartia tokiokai Mori, 1942 - Copepoda
Atlanta tokiokai van der Spoel & Troost, 1972 - Heteropoda
Bolivina tokiokai Uchio, 1962 - Formanifera
Eudistoma tokiokai Nishikawa, 1990 - Ascidiacea
Euchromadora tokiokai Wieser, 1955 - Nematoda
Krohnittella tokiokai Bieri, 1974 - Chaetognatha
Ophiocentrus tokiokai Irimura, 1981 - Ophiuroidea
Polycarpa tokiokai Monniot & Monniot, 1996 - Ascidiacea
Styela tokiokai Nishikawa, 1991 - Ascidiacea
References
1913 births
2001 deaths
Japanese marine biologists
20th-century Japanese zoologists
Kyoto University faculty
Marine zoologists
Patrick Joseph Leahy (born March 19, 1951) is a former placekicker in the National Football League for the New York Jets. They played college soccer at Saint Louis University.
Early years
Leahy attended Augustinian Academy. They accepted a soccer scholarship from Saint Louis University. As a starting midfielder, they helped lead the school to 4 soccer NCAA finals, winning 3 national championships, while also receiving All-American honors.
In 1994, they were inducted into the Billiken Hall of Fame. In 2007, they were inducted into the Missouri Sports Hall of Fame Inductee.
Professional career
St. Louis Cardinals
Leahy was signed as an undrafted free agent by the St. Louis Cardinals after the 1973 NFL Draft, having participated in an open try-out, even though they didn't play football in college.
In 1974, they were re-signed to be a part of training camp. Even though the Cardinals made the unusual move of keeping 2 kickers on the final roster, they chose to keep Jim Bakken and fellow rookie and ex-soccer player Sergio Albert. Leahy was waived on August 29.
New York Jets
In 1974 they were signed by the New York Jets as a free agent, after Bobby Howfield suffered a leg injury. They began on a standby basis until replacing Howfield.
In 1979 they suffered a right knee sprain during a practice while running pass patterns simulating an opposing team's wide receiver. They played in only 6 games after being placed on the injured reserve list.
In 1985 they set the franchise record for the longest field goal of 55 yards. In 1986, they set the franchise record for consecutive successful field goals made with 22, which was broken by Jay Feely in 2009.
In 1991, they played in 15 games but was replaced by Raul Allegre for the season finale because of a sciatic nerve condition.
On July 6, 1992, they announced their retirement because of a recurring sciatic nerve condition in their right leg. At the time, they ranked third in scoring in NFL history, was the Jets all-time leading scorer, with 1,470 points and scored 100 points or more in seven seasons. Over the course of their career, Leahy completed 71.4% of their field goal attempts and 95.5% of their extra points. They currently rank 24th on the list of the highest NFL career scoring leaders.
Career regular season statistics
Career high/best bolded
Personal life
Leahy and their wife, Colleen, currently live in St. Louis and have three children: Lizzy, Cullen, and the youngest Nora.
References
1951 births
Living people
Soccer players from St. Louis
Players of American football from St. Louis
American football placekickers
Saint Louis Billikens men's soccer players
New York Jets players
Association football midfielders
American soccer players
Erwin Josi (born 1 March 1955 in Adelboden) is a retired Swiss alpine skier who competed in the 1980 Winter Olympics.
External links
sports-reference.com
1955 births
Living people
Swiss male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Switzerland
Alpine skiers at the 1980 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Bern
20th-century Swiss people
Mirja Salminen (born Jämes, 13 October 1924 – 20 July 2020) was a Finnish hurdler who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.
References
1924 births
2020 deaths
Finnish female hurdlers
Olympic athletes of Finland
Athletes (track and field) at the 1948 Summer Olympics
Consigliere ( , ; plural ) is a position within the leadership structure of the Sicilian, Calabrian, and Italian-American Mafia. The word was popularized in English by the novel The Godfather (1969) and its film adaptation. In the novel, a consigliere is an advisor or counselor to the boss, with the additional responsibility of representing the boss in important meetings both within the boss's crime family and with other crime families.
The consigliere is a close, trusted friend and confidant, the mob's version of an elder statesman. They are an advisor to the boss in a Mafia crime family, and sometimes is their "right-hand man". By the very nature of the job, a consigliere is one of the few in the family who can argue with the boss, and is often tasked with challenging the boss when needed, to ensure subsequent plans are foolproof. In some depictions, they are devoid of ambition and dispenses disinterested advice. This passive image of the consigliere does not correspond with what little is known of real-life consiglieri.
The boss, underboss, and consigliere constitute the top three positions and a three-man ruling panel, or "administration". The Genovese crime family are credited with inventing the rank of messaggero, who is tasked with serving as a liaison among the other American Mafia families.
Etymology
In Italian, consigliere means "advisor" or "counselor" and is still a common title for example for members of city councils in Italy and Switzerland. It is derived from the Latin consiliarius (advisor) and consilium (advice). The terminology of the American Mafia is taken from that of the Sicilian Mafia, and suggests that an analogy is intended to imitate the court of a medieval Italian principality. For example, Venice was led by a doge ("duke") and a consigliere ducale (advisor to the doge).
An underboss will normally move up to boss when the position becomes vacant, so their position is equivalent to that of an heir to the throne. Consigliere, meanwhile, is analogous to chief minister or chancellor. In the novel The Godfather the word is spelled consigliori. In the films, it is clearly pronounced consigliere. Joe Bonanno explains in their book A Man of Honor that a consigliere is more the voice or representative of the soldiers of the family, and that they may help to mediate in or resolve disputes on behalf of the lower echelons of the family.
American Mafia
Joe Valachi mentions a mysterious "Sandino" arbitrating disputes as the Genovese family consigliere in the 1940s. Consiglieri in more recent times have tended to take a more active role in family affairs. In 1971, Colombo family consigliere Joseph Yacovelli directed a murder campaign against renegade Colombo family soldier Joseph "Crazy Joe" Gallo. Two decades later, another Colombo consigliere, Carmine Sessa, led a hit team that attempted to assassinate the acting boss, Victor Orena.
Frank Bompensiero was appointed consigliere of the Los Angeles crime family in 1976, only to be murdered in a public phone booth in February 1977. Their boss had promoted Bompensiero so as to induce them to let their guard down. Electronic surveillance in 1979 recorded New England Mafia boss Raymond L.S. Patriarca talking about appointing their consigliere, so the position need not be chosen as a result of a consensus-seeking process.
When New Jersey consigliere Stefano "Steve the Truck Driver" Vitabile discovered in 1992 that their family's underboss, John "Johnny Boy" D'Amato, was bisexual, they ordered them killed. Paul Gulino, a drug dealer and associate of the Bonanno crime family, was murdered in 1993 after they allegedly "put hands" on their family's consigliere Anthony Spero.
James Ida, the current Genovese consigliere, has been serving a life sentence since 1996. Dominick Cirillo is the family's acting consigliere. Joseph Corozzo is the current Gambino consigliere, while Anthony Rabito is consigliere for the Bonanno crime family. As these examples illustrate, modern consiglieri are generally former soldiers and capos, not outside advisors.
Notable consigliere
Mike Miranda
Joseph N. Gallo
Dominick Cirillo
Ilario Zannino
Anthony Graziano
Christopher Furnari
Anthony Spero
Joseph DiNapoli
Vincenzo Cassano
References
Further reading
Capeci, Jerry. The Complete Idiot's Guide to the Mafia. Indianapolis: Alpha Books, 2002. .
Organized crime members by role
American Mafia
Sicilian Mafia
Lassic (died 1863) also called, Las-sic, Las-Sic, Lasseck and Lassux in various military reports and newspaper articles at the time, was a Wailaki leader during the Bald Hills War.
Wailaki Leader in the Bald Hills War
During the 1859-1862 period of the Bald Hills War, the Wailaki, especially Lassic's band, succeeded in driving many of the settlers out of their territory in southeastern and southwestern Humboldt County. This was despite the efforts of the local settler militia opposing them. Finally Federal troops began operating against them with the help of the locals. First Lieutenant, Joseph B Collins, of the Fourth Infantry reported their clash in 1861 with Lassic's band in the Kettenshaw Valley:
California Volunteers replaced the Federal troops after the beginning of the American Civil War and continued aggressive patrolling. Finally Lassic and their band were driven to surrender on July 31, 1862, to Captain Ketcham at Fort Baker, with thirty-two other
Indians. Twelve more of their warriors came in on August 10. The 212 captured Indians at Fort Baker were sent to join 462 others at Fort Humboldt and held for a time in the makeshift prison created out on the Samoa Peninsula in Humboldt Bay. In September 834 Indians were then sent on the steamship SS Panama to the Smith River Indian Reservation near Crescent City.
However, in early October, Lassic and three hundred natives, mostly warriors, had escaped the Smith River Reservation, followed by the exodus of more natives from the Reservation through November.
Death of Lassic
Newspaper and Official accounts
After Lassic's escape they moved down the Kalmath River to the mountains and returned to their homeland. There they continued to carry on a campaign of resistance against the settlers until they were eventually recaptured by local militia. On Saturday, January 3, 1863, the Weekly Humboldt Times, reported:
All Right. --- We learn from Mr. Gilkey who arrived on Tuesday, from Long Valley, that the noted Indian Lassux, was in the hands of the whites at Fort Seward.  They are probably in the spirit land before this. They were the head of the band taken from the vicinity of Fort Baker, last summer, to Smith River Reservation. Not liking the grub set before them there by father Hansen, they led their band back to the land of pork and beef. They will need no "cast off garments" at the reservation they now inhabit.
Lassic with a number of their men were killed at Fort Seward. According to the January 23, 1863 Humboldt Times account they were being escorted to the Round Valley Reservation:
but "on the way they took cold and died." This, at least, is the way we get the word. But knowing,them as we do, the animosity existing between these Indians and the whites inhabiting the region of the Humboldt mail route, and the numerous depredations supposed to have been committed by them, we suspect the "cold" they died with was mainly cold lead.
An official report was made about the incident by Captain, C. D. Douglas, Commander of Fort Wright:
Lucy Young's account
Many years later a different account of the killings of the forty Wailaki prisoners including Lassic was told by a Wailaki witness and relative of Lassic, Lucy Young:
References
Year of birth uncertain
1863 deaths
Native American people of the Indian Wars
People from California
Native American leaders
Military history of California
History of California
History of Humboldt County, California
Pacific Coast Theater of the American Civil War
Bald Hills War
Blšany () is a town in Louny District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 1,000 inhabitants.
Administrative parts
Villages of Liběšovice, Malá Černoc, Siřem, Soběchleby and Stachov are administrative parts of Blšany.
Geography
Blšany is located about southwest of Louny, southwest of Ústí nad Labem, and west of Prague. The northern part of the municipal territory lies in the Most Basin. The southern part lies in the Rakovník Uplands and includes the highest point of Blšany, the hill Hůrka at above sea level. The Blšanka River flows through the town.
History
The first written mention of Blšany is from 1238, when the village was a property of the Waldsassen Abbey. Between 1238 and 1252, a small town was founded on the site of the village.
From 1938 to 1945 it was annexed by Nazi Germany and administered as part of the Reichsgau Sudetenland.
Sport
Blšany is known nationwide for its football club FK Chmel Blšany, which played in the Czech First League between 1998 and 2006.
Notable people
Franz Kafka spent several months in convalescence in the village of Siřem after tuberculosis was diagnosed.
References
External links
Cities and towns in the Czech Republic
Populated places in Louny District
Yu Lan (; 3 June 1921 – 28 June 2020) was a Chinese film actor. In 1961, Yu won the award for Best Actress at the 2nd Moscow International Film Festival for their performance in A Revolutionary Family. Them the youngest son is Chinese director and Beijing Film Academy professor Tian Zhuangzhuang.
Life
Yu was born 1921 in Xiuyan, Liaoning as Yu Peiwen (). They entered Counter-Japanese Military and Political University in 1938 and worked as an actor at a company affiliated with Luxun Academy of Arts after 1940.
They died in Beijing on 28 June 2020, aged 99.
Filmography
References
External links
于蓝：中囯银幕上的红色母亲
1921 births
2020 deaths
Actresses from Liaoning
People from Anshan
Chinese film actores
Counter-Japanese Military and Political University alumni
20th-century Chinese actores
Bennett Nāmākēhā-o-kalani (c. 1799–1860) was a Hawaiian high chief, uncle of Queen Emma of Hawaii, and first husband of Queen Kapiolani. Their first name is often given as Benjamin, Beneli, or Beniki.
Life
They and their brother George Naea were sons of High Chief Kamaunu and High Chiefess Kukaeleiki, the daughter of Kalauawa from the royal line of Kauaian chiefs. Kukaeleiki was also cousin of Queen Keōpūolani. Nāmākēhā was also said to have been descended from Kalanawaa of Oahu and High Chiefess Kuaenaokalani of Maui who held the exalted kapu rank of Kekapupoʻohoʻolewaikalā (a head so sacred that it could not be exposed to the sun except at dawn).
Their name was the same as the high chief who rebelled against Kamehameha I during the end of their military career in 1796. Their brother Naʻea was the father of Queen Emma.
They were a member of the House of Nobles from about 1848 through 1855. By 1851 the House of Nobles consisted only of petty chiefs called Kaukaualiʻi. Nāmākēhā was inferior to the aliʻi nui (High Chiefs). Kaukaualiʻi were only descended from famous fathers while aliʻi nui claim parentage of mother of the highest rank.
Prior to 1852, they were married to Halauwai and later Lydia Piʻia, daughter of Kekaikuihala, the daughter of Nuhi and Kaohelelani. With Halauwai, they had a son Hinau who married Kamakaaiau, an attendant of Queen Emma. With Piʻia, they had another son named Kahaekalaunu, who died in infancy.
On March 8, 1852 they married Kapiʻolani, daughter of Kūhiō Kalanianaʻole and Kinoiki Kekaulike. Their second wife was only eighteen years old while they were more than thirty years their senior. Through that marriage they became Queen Emma's aunt and nurse to their son Prince Albert Edward Kauikeaouli. Nāmākēhā and Kapiʻolani had no children. For their health the couple voyaged for months on The Morning Star, a missionary vessel, among the Gilbert Islands, but in vain, for Nāmākēhā died on December 27, 1860, at Honolulu. Their widow later remarried to Kalākaua and became the Queen consort of Hawaii in 1874.
Initially buried in the Pohukaina Tomb, located on grounds of ʻIolani Palace, their remains were later transported along with those of other royals in a midnight torchlight procession on October 30, 1865, to the newly constructed Royal Mausoleum at Mauna ʻAla in the Nuʻuanu Valley. In 1904, after the Mausoleum building became too crowded, the coffins belonging to Robert Crichton Wyllie and the relatives of Queen Emma including Nāmākēhā's were moved to the newly built Wylie Tomb. The name "Bennet Namakeha" was inscribed on the ʻewa (west) side of the monument above their final resting place.
Their line died out with their granddaughter Stella Keomailani (1866–1927), daughter of Hinau and Kamakaaiau, who was married to James Dawson Cockett and later to Edwin K. Kea.
References
Bibliography
1799 births
1860 deaths
Royalty of the Hawaiian Kingdom
Hawaiian Kingdom politicians
Members of the Hawaiian Kingdom House of Nobles
Burials at the Royal Mausoleum (Mauna ʻAla)
Yellow Pack was a brand of generic groceries, first launched in March 1980 by Fine Fare, a British regional supermarket chain ultimately owned by the Weston family, whose extensive interests include the UK's Associated British Foods, Loblaw Companies in North America, and a range of upmarket retailers such as Selfridges, Brown Thomas and Fortnum & Mason.
Distinctively packaged in yellow with aggressive black print, under a brand name ("YelLOW PRICE Packs") invented in January 1980 by the Collett Dickenson Pearce advertising agency, Yellow Packs, unlike previous generic grocery launches in North America and Europe, were positioned, next to a modestly successful own-label range, as the cheapest version of the product concerned available in Britain.
In most cases, this involved product or packaging re-engineering, or uncovering of new sources. The range's colour scheme design was derived from the No Name brand of generics launched a year or two earlier by Fine Fare's Canadian sister grocery chain, Toronto-based Loblaws.
The Yellow Pack brand was reasonably successful, accounting for 30% of the chain's grocery sales by the time Fine Fare was acquired by the Dee Corporation – then mostly trading as Gateway, now Somerfield – in mid 1986. It was then discontinued in Great Britain.
In the meantime, after initial internal hostility to someone else's idea, the range was adopted by Fine fare's Irish sister company, Quinnsworth, where it featured heavily in advertising presented by Quinnsworth's advertising manager, Maurice Pratt. Whereas in Fine Fare's Scottish and Teesside heartland, Yellow Packs had merely been a successful product launch, they acquired a semi-iconic status in Ireland, and were extended throughout Quinnsworth's affiliate chains within the Power supermarket group (such as Stewarts and Crazy Prices in Northern Ireland and Crazy Prices in the Republic).
The term "Yellow Pack" became a generic term for cheap products or low-paid jobs in Ireland.
As a promotional offer, Quinnsworth started offering reduced-price flights to its customers. These were soon given the nickname Yellow Pack Flights.
In the mid 1990s, Power Supermarkets began to phase out the Yellow Pack brand, replacing them with two new brands. Budget products were branded "Five Star" (later "K.V.I" (The Keenest Value in Ireland)), and a more upmarket "Premium Choice" brand created for higher quality goods. After the acquisition of the Irish business by Tesco, the brand was completely replaced by Tesco own-brands, including the similar in concept Tesco Value, using white rather than yellow packaging).
Tesco Value had been developed (as "Value Lines") in 1981, as Tesco's answer in Britain to Yellow Packs. Derived from the company's Victor Value chain, Tesco's Value range has, since the early 1980s played a consistent, though minor, role in Tesco's repertoire of private brands.
References
British brands
Defunct brands
Uylupınar is a village in the Gölhisar district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Gölhisar District
Tehama ( ) is a Canadian Software as a Service (SaaS) company headquartered in Ottawa, Ontario, that provides a virtual, cloud-based, Desktop-as-a-Service (DaaS) platform for the secure exchange of work over the internet, allowing organizations to securely manage remote workers, third-party vendors, and freelancers, and integrate them into their working environments.
History
Tehama began as a suite of virtual desktop, zero-trust network access, auditable secret and file sharing and workflow-automation technologies enabling secure, remote Internet-based work amongst the global workforce and clientele of Pythian, an IT services company founded in 1997. In September 2018, to offer the Tehama platform to the public, CEO and entrepreneur Paul Vallée launched Tehama as a subsidiary business unit of Pythian.
In September of 2019, in response to a surge in demand for the Tehama platform, the Tehama unit was spun-off as a company in its own right, independent of Pythian. Financing for this venture was provided by New York-based private equity firm Mill Point Capital, who thereby gained a majority stake in Pythian. Vallée left their position at Pythian to become Tehama's CEO.
As one of Tehama's core services facilitates remote work, the company saw a notable upswing in interest in March 2020 during the COVID-19 crisis, with a 35-fold increase in inquiries from the prior month. By May of 2020, having seen its client base grow to more than 150, Tehama announced that it had raised US$10,000,000 through Series A funding round led by OMERS Ventures.
In July of 2020, Tehama conducted the Digital by Default Summit, an online virtual conference on the subject of remote work, with particular focus on its greater adoption in the wake of the COVID-19 crisis. The event occurred again in 2021 and featured a closing fireside chat with remote work expert Kate Lister.
See also
Remote work
Software as a Service
Platform as a Service
Desktop as a Service
References
External links
Digital By Default Summit
Companies based in Ottawa
International information technology consulting firms
Outsourcing companies
Canadian brands
Internet properties established in 2019
ICT service providers
Remote desktop
The Robert and Frances Fullerton Museum of Art, also known as RAFFMA, is an art museum of the California State University, San Bernardino main campus in San Bernardino, California.
RAFFMA's permanent collections includes a world-class collection of about 200 Ancient Egyptian artifacts, a smaller selection of Italian pottery and Asian ceramics, African art and contemporary art. Rotating shows feature artists from throughout the region and country. One gallery of the museum is dedicated to exhibiting the work of the school's own art students.
The museum celebrated its 20th anniversary in 2006 and received accreditation by the American Alliance of Museums in 2008. The museum is among the 4 percent of museums in the United States accredited by the American Alliance of Museums. The museum is the only accredited art museum in San Bernardino county.
References
External links
Robert and Frances Fullerton Museum of Art - official site
California State University, San Bernardino
Art museums and galleries in California
Buildings and structures in San Bernardino, California
Museums in San Bernardino County, California
University museums in California
Institutions accredited by the American Alliance of Museums
Alexandr Borisovich Zinchenko (; born 6 February 1995) is a Russian badminton player. Zinchenko started playing badminton at the Solntsevo Sports School in Moscow, at the age of eight. Their mother took Zinchenko there, because they were fond of badminton and played as an amateur. They made a debut in the international senior tournament in 2012. In 2014, they won the Turkey International tournament partnered with Konstantin Abramov. In 2016, they won the Estonian International tournament in the mixed doubles event partnered with Olga Morozova. In 2017, they and Abramov won the Swedish International Series tournament.
Achievements
BWF World Tour
The BWF World Tour, which was announced on 19 March 2017 and implemented in 2018, is a series of elite badminton tournaments sanctioned by the Badminton World Federation (BWF). The BWF World Tours are divided into levels of World Tour Finals, Super 1000, Super 750, Super 500, Super 300 (part of the HSBC World Tour), and the BWF Tour Super 100.
Men's doubles
BWF Grand Prix
The BWF Grand Prix had two levels, the Grand Prix and Grand Prix Gold. It was a series of badminton tournaments sanctioned by the Badminton World Federation (BWF) and played between 2007 and 2017.
Men's doubles
BWF International Challenge/Series
Men's doubles
Mixed doubles
BWF International Challenge tournament
BWF International Series tournament
BWF Future Series tournament
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Badminton players from Moscow
Russian male badminton players
The FIFA Women's World Cup is an international association football competition established in 1991. It is contested by the women's national teams of the members of FIFA, the sport's global governing body. The tournament has taken place every four years. The most recent World Cup, hosted by France in 2019, was won by the United States, who beat the Netherlands 2–0 to win their second consecutive and fourth overall title.
Just like the men's tournament the World Cup final match is the last of the competition, and the result determines which country is declared world champions. If after 90 minutes of regular play the score is a draw, an additional 30-minute period of play, called extra time, is added. If such a game is still tied after extra time it is decided by kicks from the penalty shoot-out. The winning penalty shoot-out area team are then declared champions. The tournament has been decided by a one-off match on every occasion.
List of finals
The "Year" column refers to the year the World Cup was held, and wikilinks to the article about that tournament. The wikilinks in the "Final score" column point to the article about that tournament's final game. Links in the "Winners" and "Runners-up" columns point to the articles for the national football teams of the countries, not the articles for the countries.
Results by nation
Results by confederation
Note
References
External links
FIFA official site
Lists of association football matches
Finals
To date, there have been three astronauts of Arab origin. Prince Sultan bin Salman Al Saud of Saudi Arabia flew in the US Space Shuttle in 1985.
Syrian astronaut Muhammed Faris made a space flight in 1987, as part of a joint Syrian-Soviet mission. In 2019 Hazza Al Mansouri of the United Arab Emirates flew in the Soyuz MS-15 spacecraft to the International Space Station.
Sultan bin Salman Al Saud
In 1985, the Arab Organization of Space Communications nominated Sultan bin Salman Al Saud. Originally a civilian pilot holding a commercial pilots licence, Al Saud was born in Riyadh and holds a bachelor's degree of Arts in Media from the University of Denver, Colorado.
Al Saud undertook high-level training before their flight, including: how to deploy the Arab satellite at a distance of 320 km above the Earth's surface, as well as how to use a camera from the unit (Hamlad - 500) to take pictures of geological features of the Arabian Peninsula.
Muhammed Faris
Muhammed Faris is a Syrian astronaut born in Aleppo in 05/26/1951. Faris is the first Syrian astronaut and second Arab into space, flying in the Soviet spacecraft Soyuz m3 (TM-2) to space station Mir on 22 July 1987 with two Soviet cosmonauts in the program for cooperation in space between Syria and the Soviet Union.He is credited with carrying the first recorded Earth dirt into space, which was a vial carrying soil from Damascus.
Hazza Al Mansouri
On 25 September 2019, Hazza Al Mansouri became the first Emirati to become an astronaut, travelling in the Soyuz MS-15 spacecraft to the International Space Station.
During their short stay aboard the ISS, Al Mansouri conducted 15 experiments created by UAE school students and selected under an MBRSC "Science in space" competition, conducted Earth observation experiments, filmed the first ever tour of the ISS in Arabic and became the first Middle eastern person to be studied following time in microgravity.
Jessica Meir
On 25 September 2019, Jessica Meir whose father is of Sephardic Jewish descent and was born in Baghdad, travelled in the Soyuz MS-15 spacecraft to the International Space Station.
They delivered an empowering video message of support to kids on the Hope Buses in Baghdad.
See also
List of Muslim astronauts
References
Arab
astronauts
In enzymology, maleylacetoacetate isomerase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
4-maleylacetoacetate 4-fumarylacetoacetate
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically cis-trans isomerases. The systematic name of this enzyme class is 4-maleylacetoacetate cis-trans-isomerase.
4-Maleylacetoacetate isomerase is an enzyme involved in the degradation of L-phenylalanine. It is encoded by the gene glutathione S-transferase zeta 1, or GSTZ1. This enzyme catalyzes the conversion of 4-maleylacetoacetate to 4-fumarylacetoacetate. 4-Maleylacetoacetate isomerase belongs to the zeta class of the glutathione S-transferase (GST) superfamily.
Mechanism
In the phenylalanine degradation pathway, 4-maleylacetoacetate isomerase catalyzes a cis-trans isomerization of 4-maleylacetoacetate to fumarylacetoacetate. 4-maleylacetoacetate isomerase requires the cofactor glutathione to function. Ser 15, Cys 16, Gln 111, and the helix dipole of alpha 1 of the enzyme stabilize the thiolate form of glutathione which activates it to attack the alpha carbon of 4-maleylacetoacetate, thus breaking the double bond and allowing rotation around the single bond.
4-maleylacetoacetate is converted to 4-fumarylacetoacetate, this compound can be broken down into fumarate and acetoacetate by the enzyme fumarylacetoacetate hydrolase.
The conversion of 4-maleylacetoacetate to fumarylacetoacetate is a step in the catabolism of phenylalanine and tyrosine, amino acids acquired through dietary protein consumption. When 4-maleylacetoacetate isomerase is unable to function properly, the 4-maleylacetoacetate may be converted instead to succinylacetoacetate and further broken down into succinate and acetoacetate by fumarylacetoacetate hydrolase.
Structure
4-maleylacetoacetate is a homodimer. It is classified as an isomerase transferase. It has a total residue count of 216 and a total atom count of 1700. This enzyme's theoretical weight is 24.11 KDa. 4-maleylacetoacetate isomerase has 3 isoforms The most common isoform has two domains, the N-terminal domain (4-87) the C terminal domain (92-212) and the glutathione binding site (14-19, 71-72 and 115-117). The N-terminal domain has a four stranded beta sheet which is sandwiched by alpha helices on both sides to form a three layer sandwich tertiary structure. The C terminal domain is composed mostly of alpha helices and has an up down structure of tightly bundled alpha helices.
Glutathione binds in positions 14-19, 71-72, and 115-117. It also binds the sulfate ion and dithiothreitol.
Clinical significance
Maleylacetoacetate isomerase deficiency is a disease caused by a mutation in the gene GSTZ1.
This is an autosomal recessive inborn error of metabolism. It is caused by a mutation in the gene that codes for the synthesis of 4-maleylacetoacetate isomerase, GSTZ1.
Mutations in 4-maleylacetoacetate isomerase resulted in accumulation of fumarylacetoacetate and succinylacetone in the urine, but individuals were otherwise healthy. It is likely that there exists an alternate nonenzymatic bypass that allows the catabolism of 4-maleylacetoacetate in the absence of 4-maleylacetoacetate isomerase. Because of this mechanism, a mutation in the gene encoding 4-Maleylacetoacetate isomerase is not considered dangerous.
GSTZ1 is highly expressed in the liver, however mutations in this gene do not impair liver function or coagulation.
Gene expression
The gene from which this enzyme is synthesized is mostly expressed in the liver, with some expression in the kidneys, skeletal muscle, and brain. It is also expressed in melanocytes, synovium, placenta, breasts, fetal liver and heart.
Related enzymes
Other enzymes involved in the catabolism of phenylalanine include phenylalanine hydroxylase, aminotransferase, p-hydroxyphenylpyruvate dioxygenase, homogentisate oxidase, and fumarylacetoacetate hydrolase. Mutations in some of these enzymes can lead to more severe diseases such as, phenylketonuria, alkaptonuria, and tyrosinemia.
The gene GSTZ1 is located on chromosome 14q24.3.
References
Further reading
EC 5.2.1
Enzymes of known structure
Harcsa is a Hungarian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Veronika Harcsa (born 1982), Hungarian singer and songwriter
Zoltán Harcsa (born 1992), Hungarian boxer
Hungarian-language surnames
Family Re-Union is an annual conference, hosted by former Vice President of the United States Al Gore and Tipper Gore, in Nashville, Tennessee whose goal is to bring together families and those who work with them to talk and design better ways to strengthen family life in America. At the center of Family Re-Union is the belief that programs and guidelines should respond to the needs of families and communities, and should build on their strengths.
External links
Official site of the Gores's Family Re-Union Program
Family in the United States
White County Courthouse may refer to:
Old White County Courthouse, Cleveland, Georgia
White County Courthouse (Arkansas), Searcy, Arkansas
See also
White Pine County Courthouse
Hans Boeckh-Behrens (23 November 1898 – 13 February 1955) was a German general during World War II. They were a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. Boeckh-Behrens surrendered to Soviet forces in May 1945 and died in captivity on 13 February 1955.
Awards and decorations
German Cross in Gold on 30 January 1943 as Oberst im Generalstab in the AOK 16
Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross on 9 December 1944 as Generalleutnant and commander of 32. Infanterie-Division
References
Citations
Bibliography
1898 births
1955 deaths
German people who died in Soviet detention
German prisoners of war in World War II held by the Soviet Union
Lieutenant generals of the German Army (Wehrmacht)
Recipients of the clasp to the Iron Cross, 1st class
Recipients of the Gold German Cross
Recipients of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
Military personnel from Saxony-Anhalt
Sciurognathi is a suborder of rodents that includes squirrels, chipmunks, beavers, and many types of mice. The group is characterized by a specific shape to the lower jaw. In sciurognaths, the angular process of the jaw is in the same plane as the root of the incisors. This is in contrast to the suborder Hystricognathi where the angular process is outside the plane formed at the root of the incisor due to the presence of a shelf for muscle attachment.
The sciurognathous condition is considered to be the primitive condition in rodents, and is therefore not a good character for cladistic analysis. Although hystricognaths are almost universally accepted as representing a real evolutionary grouping, most researchers do not consider Sciurognathi as an equally valid group. In particular, gundis are thought to be more closely related to the hystricognathous rodents than to other sciurognaths. In spite of this, most texts continue to use these two suborders due primarily to a lack of a viable alternative.
Alternatively, some texts group rodents into three suborders on the basis of the shape of the infraorbital canal. According to this taxonomy the rodents are divided into the suborders Sciuromorpha, Hystricomorpha, and Myomorpha.
See also
Castorimorpha
Anomaluromorpha
References
Rodent taxonomy
Mammal suborders
it:Sciurognathi
ja:リス亜目
zh:松鼠亚目
Gecinulus is a genus of birds in the woodpecker family Picidae. The species are found in South and Southeast Asia.
Taxonomy
The genus Gecinulus was introduced by the English zoologist Edward Blyth in 1840 to accommodate the pale-headed woodpecker (Gecinulus grantia). The genus name is a diminutive of the genus name Gecinus which had been introduced by the German ornithologist Friedrich Boie in 1831. Gecinus combines the Classical Greek gē meaning "earth" or "ground" with kineō meaning "to move".
The genus contains three species:
References
Bird genera
Taxa named by Edward Blyth
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The GZ convoys were a series of Caribbean convoys which ran during the Battle of the Atlantic in World War II.
They take their name from the route: Guantanamo, Cuba to Cristóbal, Colón, Panama
Overview
The GZ series was the reverse of ZG series that ran from 31 August 1942 until 17 May 1945. There were 139 GZ convoys, comprising 1,151 individual ship listings. The escort ships for these convoys are not listed in the reference cited. Almost all ships listed in a convoy made the complete trip between Guantanamo and Cristóbal with a few going to Kingston, Jamaica, or Cartagena, Colombia.
The series started with GZ 1 through GZ 139 with only 1 convoy being cancelled, GZ 31. There are only two ships listed as being lost, and the losses were not due to enemy action, one grounded and broke in two and the other was from a collision.
Convoy List
1942
1943
1944
1945
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
Books
Online resources
External links
Full listing of ships sailing in GZ convoys
GZ 01
Battle of the Atlantic
Caribbean Sea operations of World War II
The Benner House is located on Mill Street in the village of Rhinebeck, New York, United States, just off U.S. Route 9. It was built by a German immigrant, Johannes Benner, in the 1730s. It is the oldest house in the Village of Rhinebeck.
It is a rare example of a one-room-plan stone house in the Hudson Valley built to German traditions, rather than Dutch. It is the sole house with that floor plan remaining in Rhinebeck. In 1987 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Building
It is located at the oblique intersection of Mill Road and Route 9 on the southern fringe of the village. The northern (rear) facade is oriented diagonally to Mill Street, making it prominently visible to southbound traffic leaving Rhinebeck on the highway. Its lot is mostly wooded, with an open area to allow a view of the road and the valley from the front. A modern frame garage is at the northwest corner of the lot. It was built in 1938. It is not considered a contributing resource to the Register listing.
It is a -story rectangular home with a gabled roof. An asymmetrically placed Dutch door is located in the south (front) facade, with flared stone lintels like the windows nearby. It is behind a shed-roofed porch with a shallow-arched frieze and square columns that spans the entire facade. On the north is a gabled frame wing with a more moderately pitched roof, exposing the two attic windows above it on the main block.
History
Johannes Benner/Bender emigrated to the Hudson Valley from Upper Bavaria with their parents and brother sometime in the early 18th century. Local tradition holds that he, or a member of their family, built the house around 1740, although no records have been found confirming this. Johannes Benner leased the land from Henry Beekman. It is further believed that the first meetings of the local Methodist church were held in the house half a century later, in 1791–92. The earliest deed known shows the house owned by an S.S. Myers in 1797.
By 1850, locally prominent landowners the Livingston family owned the house, using it as a support building for their nearby Grasmere estate. At one time it was believed to be a writing school. In 1874, Ann O' Brien purchased the house. They died in 1900, and the property passed to their son, Civil War Veteran, Thomas O' Brien. In 1946, Thomas O' Brien died. The property then passed to their two daughters, Ann Gregory and Mary Sullivan. It later passed through several other owners into the late 20th century.
The October 26, 1929, edition of the Rhinebeck Gazette describes bins found in the top story or garret of the house. These were traditionally used to store grain out of the reach of pilfering Indians. However, there are more practical reasons that local grain was stored in the garret of the house. It was more secure from rodents in the barn and would have been a dryer atmosphere, because even when heat was not required, a fire for cooking was always burning in the fireplace.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Rhinebeck, New York
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
U.S. Route 9
Houses completed in the 18th century
Houses in Rhinebeck, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Dutchess County, New York
The College Community School District is a public school district serving communities of Linn, Johnson, and Benton counties in east central Iowa. The district was established in 1954 after the consolidation of several township schools. Based on a campus in the southern part of Cedar Rapids, the district encompasses including the communities of Walford, Fairfax, Swisher, Shueyville, Ely, Southwest Cedar Rapids, and surrounding areas.
History
Establishment
The Iowa State Legislature started a series of laws beginning in 1947 to have the Iowa educational system reorganized. At this point in time, there were individual township school districts in existence. In the geographical area that later became the College Community School District, there were three townships involved in the discussion leading to reorganization: Fairfax, College and Putnam Townships. The Fairfax School housed primary through tenth grades, with eleventh and twelfth grades paying tuition to go to Cedar Rapids schools. College Township had 14 one-room school houses that housed primary through tenth grades. Those schools were going to consolidate into one College Township Elementary. Putnam Township had several schools, most notably Ely School.
In the early 1950s, the Cedar Rapids School District sent a notification to the school boards of the three townships and indicated that they would no longer accept students from its neighboring school districts for high school. They would be willing, however, to merge those township schools into the Cedar Rapids School District. An election was held in the spring of 1953 to create a new school district instead of merging into the Cedar Rapids District. Thus, in 1954, the College Community School District was established with 3 schools: Ely School in Putnam Township, College Township Elementary in College Township, and Fairfax School in Fairfax.
1954–1979
In 1954, the School Board along with the advice of several citizen committees, decided to purchase 40 acres of farmland and build a high school across the road from the current College Township Elementary and a few hundred yards west. This remains the site of the current Prairie High School. The elementary schools hosted grades K-7, the high school hosted grades 8-10 (later 8-12).
In 1958, 7th through 12th grade students from the Swisher Independent School District attended the College Community Schools for the first time on a tuition basis. Swisher and Jefferson Township (Present-day Shueyville) consolidated into College Community in 1960. Elementary students were taught Swisher and Shueyville schools for the time being.
In 1960, a bond issue passed to build a junior high school next to Prairie High School. Prairie Junior High School opened in 1961, housing grades seven through nine. Junior High Schools attended the first Outdoor Education Program at Camp Wapsie in 1962. This program continues in 2011, however, students now attend Outdoor Education week at Camp Io-dis-e-ca south of the district.
A bond issue was passed in the spring of 1961 and 25 acres of land east of the high school was purchased for the construction of a new elementary which opened as Prairie Intermediate in 1962. College Township Elementary is renamed Prairie Elementary.
Students from Walford started attending College Community Schools in the fall of 1966.
On November 18, 1969, a bond issue is passed, authorizing the construction of a new elementary next to Prairie Intermediate. Prairie View opened in 1972, and schools in Swisher, Shueyville, Ely, and Farifax closed, making all schools in the district based on a central campus. In August 1977, the District gave the old College Township Hall to Usher's Ferry. That building, as well as the old Fairfax Township Cherry Valley country school building, exists at Ushers Ferry today.
In 1975, elementary grades were reconfigured, making Prairie Elementary and Prairie View K-3 schools, and Prairie Intermediate a 4-6 school. The Junior High remained 7-9, and Prairie High School remained 10-12.
1980–1999
In February 1981, the College Community Schools Foundation was established. It was the first foundation established in Iowa to support a public school district. The name was later changed to “Prairie School Foundation”.
In 1989, first-year student leave the Junior High for Prairie High School, and the junior high is renamed Prairie Middle School.
In 1993, grade levels are reconfigured again. Prairie Elementary, Prairie Intermediate, and Prairie View house grades K-5, and Prairie Middle School houses grades 6-8. Prairie Elementary is renamed Prairie Heights, and Prairie Intermediate is renamed Prairie Crest.
Prairie Oaks, is added at Four Oaks campus on Kirkwood Blvd. in 1996. The name was later changed to Prairie Edge.
2000–present
A bond issue was passed on March 13, 2001, to build a new elementary and for additions to be made at Prairie Heights and Prairie View elementary buildings. In the fall of 2003, Prairie Ridge opened.
The largest grade reorganization in district history occurs before the 2009-10 school year. All four elementary schools now house grades PK-4, Prairie Middle School becomes Prairie Creek Intermediate and houses grades five and six, the new Prairie Point Middle School & Ninth Grade Academy houses grades 7-9, and the High School houses grades 10-12. Staggered school start times were initiated to accommodate transportation needs with Prairie Creek Intermediate and Prairie Point Middle School & 9th Grade Academy starting classes at 8:00 am and Prairie Crest, Heights, Ridge and View Elementary buildings and Prairie High School starting classes at 9:00 am.
John Wall Field was heavily renovated in the summer of 2011 in preparation for the 2011-12 school year. Improvements include a new storage building and ticket booth behind the north end zone, a new entrance area for the home stands, expanded seating on the home bleachers, brand-new bleachers for visiting team fans, and a new Field Turf playing surface, designed for both football and soccer.
On April 3, 2012, a bond issue passed, authorizing the building of a fifth elementary to be placed on the old youth baseball complex. A new baseball complex is being built on the far south edge of campus. In late January, the School Board approved the proposed design of the new elementary by OPN Architects. The design is similar to that of Prairie Ridge Elementary. Shortly thereafter, a contest to name the school began. On March 11, 2013, the school board approved naming the new building Prairie Hill Elementary.
It was announced on April 11, 2012, that students will be issued a district-owned computer, starting the 2012-13 school year. All students in grades 9-12 are provided with 11-inch MacBook Air laptops, to use at school and at home.
On January 31, 2013, district superintendent John Speer told media that Prairie High School Principal Mark Gronemeyer was going to resign from their position, effective immediately. Gronemeyer was subsequently reassigned to a newly created job in the district office for the remainder of the year, given the title of Secondary Curriculum Specialist. Both resignations and the reassignment were approved on February 1. Many in the community began to wonder why the district would unexpectedly reassign the principal in the middle of the term to a newly created position, knowing they would resign at the end of the year, and rumors began that an incident occurred that forced the school board to remove them from Prairie High School. Speer said they could not directly comment on the suspicious nature of the situation. Associate Principal Erik Anderson was named Principal on an interim basis on February 1.
Future
In 2004, a Citizen's Advisory Committee on School Facilities was formed to determine the district's future. Phase 1 of the plan was to open the new Concert Hall at College community, and to reorganize grade levels with the opening of Prairie Point. Phase 2 is to build Prairie Hill Elementary and open the new baseball complex. Phase 3 of the plan was to expand Prairie High School by building more classrooms and lockers, demolishing the music 'Circle' and building new rehearsal rooms, building new office space where the circle was, and converting the old office into classroom space. However, a new Advisory committee will be established in the fall to determine a new long-term plan, putting the 2004 committee's phase 3 in jeopardy.
Schools
Prairie High School
Prairie High School opened in 1956. Originally holding grades 8-10, it has gone from being a 10-12 school to a 9-12 school to currently being a 10-12 school again. The high school is home to the Concert Hall at College Community and the College Community Theatre, as well as offices for the school board. Construction has occurred in 1957, 1963, 1989, 1990, 2000, 2001, and 2006.
Prairie Point Middle School & Ninth Grade Academy
Prairie Point opened in 2009, housing grades 7-9. Many traditions from the old middle school (7th grade outdoor education week, 8th grade Washington, D.C. trip) have been continued on to the new building
Prairie Creek Intermediate
Prairie Creek opened in 1961 as Prairie Junior High, housing grades 7-9. In 1989, the building became Prairie Middle School, housing grades seven and eight until sixth graders joined in 1993. In 2009, the building became Prairie Creek Intermediate, hosting grades five and six. Construction has occurred in this building in 1962, 1987, and 1998.
Prairie Heights Elementary
Opening in 1954 as College Township Elementary, Prairie Heights is the oldest active building in the district. College Township Elementary was renamed Prairie Elementary in 1962, then Prairie Heights Elementary in 1993. A famous wooden playground was built in four days in 1988 by volunteers, students and parents. This playground was worn out and replaced in the summer of 2010, much to the chagrin of students and alumni. Construction occurred here in 1961, 1995, and 2002.
Prairie Crest Elementary
Opening as Prairie Intermediate in 1962, the school hosted grades 4-6 until 1993, when it held grades K-5 and was renamed Prairie Crest. The school currently hosts grades PK-4. Construction occurred here in 1965, 1969, and 1997.
Prairie View Elementary
Opening in 1972, Prairie View originally hosted grades K-3. From 1993 to 2009, the school hosted grades K-5. The school currently hosts grades PK-4. Construction occurred in 1995 and 2002.
Prairie Ridge Elementary
Opening in 2003, Ridge housed grades K-5 until 2009, when the school became a PK-4 school.
Prairie Hill Elementary
On April 3, 2012, a bond issue passed, authorizing the building of a fifth elementary to be placed on the old youth baseball complex. In late January, the School Board approved the proposed design of the new elementary by OPN Architects. The design is similar to that of Prairie Ridge Elementary. Shortly thereafter, a contest to name the school began. On March 11, 2013, the school board approved the new school to be named Prairie Hill Elementary, after it overwhelmingly won a student vote, earning 737 votes compared to the 388 votes garnered by the second most popular name, Prairie Peak. Other finalists included Summit, Grove, and Fields. Prairie Hill houses grades PK-4, and opened in time for the 2014-2015 school year.
References
External links
Official website
School districts established in 1954
School districts in Iowa
1954 establishments in Iowa
Cedar Rapids, Iowa
Mount Radspinner () is a conspicuous ridge-like mountain, 1,785 m, located just east of Mount Freed and Copperstain Ridge in the east part of Bowers Mountains. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Captain Frank H. Radspinner, Jr., USA, commanding officer of the helicopter detachment that supported the United States Geological Survey (USGS) Topo East-West party that surveyed this area in 1962–63.
Mountains of Victoria Land
Pennell Coast
Get Damaged is a 2008 EP album by Be Your Own Pet, released by their UK label XL Recordings. It features three tracks from XL's international release of the band's second album, Get Awkward, that were removed by Universal Records (distributor for the band's US label, Ecstatic Peace) from the US version for being "too violent".
Track listing
References
2008 EPs
Be Your Own Pet albums
XL Recordings EPs
Laurent Cars (28 May 1699 – 14 April 1771) was a French designer and engraver.
They were born at Lyon, the son of Jean-François Cars, who took them when quite young to Paris, where it was not long before they distinguished himself. In 1733 they were received as an Academician upon their portraits of Michel Anguier and Sébastien Bourdon. Cars, who was the master of Beauvarlet, may be considered one of the best French engravers of the 18th century, in the kind of subjects they selected. They died in Paris in 1771. Their best plates are those engraved after Lemoyne, particularly that of 'Hercules and Omphale,' and the series of illustrations after Boucher's designs to the Comedies of Molière, and after Oudry to the Fables of La Fontaine. Their work is extensive; the following are their principal plates:
Portraits
Louis XV, an allegorical portrait; after Lemoyne.
Louis XV, an allegorical subject; after Boucher.
Stanislaus, King of Poland; after van Loo.
Michel Anguier, sculptor; after Revel.
Cardinal Armand Gaston de Rohan; after Rigaud.
Marie Leszczinska, Queen of France; after Van Loo.
François Boucher, painter; after Cochin, fils.
Jean Baptiste Chardin, painter; after Cochin, fils.
Madame Chardin; after Cochin, fils.
Mlle. Camargo, dancing; after Lancret.
Mlle. Clairon, in the part of Medea.
Subjects after various masters
The Adoration of the Shepherds; after van Loo.
The Flight into Egypt; after van Loo.
Bathsheba at the Bath; after De Troy.
Susannah and the Elders; after De Troy.
Adam and Eve in Paradise; after Lemoyne.
Hercules and Omphale; after Lemoyne.
Perseus and Andromeda; after Lemoyne.
The Sacrifice of Iphigenia; after Lemoyne.
Hercules and Cacus; after Lemoyne.
Iris at the Bath; after Lemoyne.(pictured)
Cephalus and Aurora; after Lemoyne.
The Rape of Europa; after Lemoyne.
Time discovering Truth; after Lemoyne.
Monument in honour of the Duke of Marlborough.
Silence; after Greuze.
L'Aveugle trompé, after Greuze.
The Fortune-teller; after Watteau.
The Venetian Festival; after Watteau.
A Convoy of Equipages; after Watteau.
Further reading
Engravers from Lyon
18th-century engravers
1699 births
1771 deaths
Tatrinote (Urdu, Potwari, Punjabi: ) is a village located on the Line of Control which separates Pakistani and Indian administered Kashmir. The word "Tatrinote" is derived from two words, "tatri" and "note", which are two neighbourhoods of Tatrinote. The neighbourhood "Tatri" is located at no-man land on Line of Control while "note" is on the Pakistani side of Kashmir.
Location
Tatrinote is located at latitude 33° 45' 14.27" N, longitude 74° 0'10.06"E and an elevation of 2930 feet. Tatrinote is approximately 8 km from the Poonch city, Indian Kashmir and 157 km from Islamabad, Pakistan. It is in a narrow valley with the River Poonch running besides it, and sits in the foothill of Pir Panjal Range.
Demography
Tatrinote and its adjacent vicinity has an estimated population of 10,000 with 49.9% male and 50.1% female proportion, growth rate is slightly above 2.24%. The population density of Tatrinote is highest compared to other areas, with 613 persons per km² and an average household size of 6.8 persons.
Climate
Tatrinote features a humid subtropical climate with long and hot summers, a monsoon and short, mild, wet winters. Tatrinote during the summer season experiences a number of thunder or wind storms that sometimes cause damage to property. Wind speeds can reach 150 km/h in some wind storms which results in the collapse of walls and roofs of the buildings.
Tatrinote is chaotic but relatively dust-free. The weather is highly variable due to the location of Tatrinote. The annual rainfall is 40.91 inches (1,039 mm), most of which falls in the summer monsoon season. In summer, the maximum temperature can sometimes soar up to , while it may drop to a minimum of in the winter.
Culture
Tatrinote's was the home of Hindus, Sikhs, and Muslims for many centuries before the partition of India and division of the state of Jammu & Kashmir. Large numbers of Hindus, Sikhs, and Muslims lived closely in Tatrinote before the independence of Pakistan. There was a mass migration of local residents from this village towards Indian Kashmir (mainly Hindus and Sikhs) and Muslims towards Pakistani Kashmir after the division of Kashmir in 1947.
The culture of Tatrinote bears many similarities to Northern Punjab Potwari, culture in Punjab province. Many natives of Pakistani Kashmir speak Pothohari. Marriages, deaths and births are historically influenced by the rich culture of this area.
There are few old architectures in Tatrinote, especially architectural construction around the fresh water reserves thought to be made by Sikh architects. No record is available to exactly know the age of these constructions but local myths take it to mid-18th century. The Bawali is one of it. The people of Tatrinote celebrate the festivals of Eid ul-Fitr and Eid ul-Adha. Almost 100% of population is ethnically Muslim and mainly speaks Pahari language while Urdu is an official language.
Education
The literacy rate is 66.45% which is significantly higher than the national average of Pakistan but the percentage of graduates (2.5%) is lower than the national level. . The literacy rate among male is 80.23% as compared to the 54.04% for female. At present the gross enrolment rate at primary schools is 95% for boys and 88% for girls (between the ages of 5 and 9 years).
There is a boys' secondary school and a girls' higher secondary school and several middle and primary schools in Tatrinote.
Economy
The economy of Tatrinote is rural contributed mainly by the agricultural sector, while the services sector is very limited. The majority of people of the village are farmers who grow wheat, corn and rice. Although trade has been started between two parts of Kashmir but it is restricted to few items. Authorities of India and Pakistan decide tradable items, at present food supplies are traded from this village. Nevertheless on a small scale and restricted items trade, this cross border trade has brought some economic prosperity in the area.
A significant number of people from this village also work overseas especially England, New Zealand, Middle East and the United States. The main source of the income of people is remittance from overseas. A road connects Tatrinote to Indian Poonch through Chakan Da Bagh crossing points. The trade between two parts of Kashmir has brought a positive change in the socio-economic life of this area.
Communication
The Special Communications Organization (SCO) provides the landline and CDMA telephones in Tatrinote. SCO uses analogue technology for landlines providing a poor call quality and does only provide few hundred landlines. However, CDMA telephones are better in some areas where signal strength is fair. Mobile phones on few networks also work in some areas but generally signal strength is poor and call drop ratio is well over average. There is neither Internet facility nor cable TV service in the village, however, satellite TV is widely watched in the village.
Transport
A road connects Tatrinote to Hajira and Abbaspur. Buses, vans and private taxis are available to commute to other areas. The Chakan Da Bagh crossing point is situated at walking distance from the village which serves a weekly bus service between two parts of Kashmir.
There is no rail link or airport in the area, and nearest rail station and airport is situated at Rawalpindi and Islamabad respectively.
Poonch – Rawalakot bus service
Pakistan and India agreed to facilitate travel between the two parts of disputed Jammu and Kashmir by providing entry permits to divided Kashmiri families to travel across the Line of Control (LOC). Thousands of divided families are living on either side of the LOC since 1948 after a cease-fire line was drawn which divides Kashmir between Azad Kashmir and Indian Kashmir. The cease fire line was turned into the LOC after the Simla Agreement between India and Pakistan in 1972. Both countries started bus services between the two Kashmirs in April 2005, for the divided families to reunite and truck service in October 2008 for trade to flourish. The Poonch-Rawalakot bus service was started on 20 June 2006 through Tatrinote and Chakan Da Bagh point. A total of 87 people on first day crossed the Chakan Da Bagh point on foot after coming on board the two buses on either side.
Photo gallery
References
Populated places in Poonch District, Pakistan
Rawalakot
Rathbone Hills () is a line of low hills or nunataks, 14 nautical miles (26 km) long and trending east–west, located 4 nautical miles (7 km) north of Guthridge Nunataks in the Gutenko Mountains of central Palmer Land. Mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) in 1974. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Maj. David L. Rathbone, United States Marine Corps (USMC), Commander of LC-130 aircraft in U.S. Navy Squadron VXE-6 during Operation Deep Freeze, 1970 and 1971.
See also
Mount Mumford, the central summit 4 nautical miles (7 km) north of the west end of Rathbone Hills
References
External links
Nunataks of Palmer Land
Etlingera palangkensis is a monocotyledonous plant species described by A. Takano and Hidetoshi Nagamasu. Etlingera palangkensis is part of the genus Etlingera and the family Zingiberaceae. No subspecies are listed in the Catalog of Life.
References
palangkensis
Aqua Bassino is an alias of Jason Robertson, an Edinburgh-based electronic producer and DJ. They have released 2 studio albums, 3 EPs and 4 singles of downtempo and house on F Communications.
Biography
Jason was a bass player for several jazz-funk bands before moving to the studio to become an electronic musician. They issued their first EP, Swirl, on the famous French label F Communications, in 1995, followed by three more (Deeper, Pools and Wave) before their debut album, Beat's n Bobs, in 2001, which melded downtempo and house beats with elements of jazz, soul and blues. The album featured Scottish saxophonist Martin Kershaw, British jazz singer Niki King and African diva Nahawa Doumbia, who worked extensively with Frederic Galliano. They dedicated the track "Na Na's Waltz" to their grandmother.
The single "Baby C'Mon" followed in early '02 with remixes by deep house don Ron Trent and Belgian techno producer Fabrice Lig.
In their spare time, Robertson produces laid-back house and downtempo for Statra under their Jay Salino alias.
Style
Their music is pervaded by a sense of melancholy, which can be traced back to their upbringing in a desolate, grey, post-industrial Edinburgh.
Discography
Studio albums
Beat's n Bobs (2001)
Rue de Paris (2006)
Extended plays
Swirl (1995)
Deeper (1997)
Pools (1998)
Critical reception
Their debut album, Beat's n Bobs, was met with mixed to positive reviews. AllMusic's Joshua Glazer noted the lounge and jazz influence on the album's sound, as well as its similarity to fellow French musician St. Germain's brand of jazz-house, writing "Sticking with the proven formula of electronic musicians trying to be jazz musicians, Jason Robertson's Aqua Bassino project clearly owes a lot of influence to St. Germain and more importantly, the original smoky lounge jazz from which both artists' music is based." They also pointed a somewhat lack of originality: "To say that Aqua Bassino is predictable would not be entirely fair. To say that it is too safe in some places would be more than appropriate." BBC's Andy Puleston was more enthusiastic, calling it "a sumptuous mix of styles" that "fuses deep house with nu jazz, downtempo and African rhythms to create a sound that is both accomplished and travelled". They added "Boasting variation, subtlety and strong collaborations Beat's n Bobs is a triumphant debut that will be equally at home in the DJ's box as it will be in the CD rack next to your sofa."
References
External links
Aqua Bassino at Discogs
Aqua Bassino at F Communications
Aqua Bassino at Last.fm
Scottish DJs
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Electronic musicians
Scottish producers
Electronic dance music DJs
Desi Druschel is an American professional baseball coach for the New York Yankees of Major League Baseball.
Career
Druschel graduated from Vinton-Shellsburg High School in Vinton, Iowa. They attended Upper Iowa University and Mount Mercy University, playing baseball and basketball. They graduated from Mount Mercy in 1998 with a bachelor's degree in management. They enrolled at Indiana University Bloomington and a master's degree in athletic administration in 2001.
Druschel began their coaching career as an assistant at Vinton-Shellsburg in 1996, and continued there through 2000. They were also an assistant coach for Indiana University from 1999 to 2000 and Mount St. Clare College from 2000 to 2001. They were the head coach for The Franciscan University from 2001 to 2004. They coached for Mount Mercy University for nine years, before they were hired as director of operations for the University of Iowa's baseball program in 2014. In 2017, they served as the pitching coach for the Iowa Hawkeyes.
The Yankees hired Druschel in 2019. They promoted them to their major league staff as a pitching coach after the 2021 season.
Personal life
Druschel and their wife, Jessica, have two children.
References
Living people
Mount Mercy Mustangs baseball coaches
Iowa Hawkeyes baseball coaches
People from Vinton, Iowa
Indiana University Bloomington alumni
New York Yankees coaches
Upper Iowa Peacocks baseball players
Year of birth missing (living people)
The 1987 Jordanian League (known as The Jordanian League, was the 37th season of Jordan League since its inception in 1944. Al-Wehdat under (Al-Deffatain) name won its second title.
Teams
Map
Overview
Al-Wehdat (Al-Deffatain) won their second championship title .
League standings
References
RSSSF
Jordanian Pro League seasons
Jordan
Jordan
football
Birkeland is a lunar impact crater that lies in the southern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon. This crater is attached to the central waist of the oddly shaped Van de Graaff crater formation, and may partly account for that crater's figure-8 shape. To the southeast is the large walled plain Leibnitz.
This crater has not been significantly eroded, and the outer rim is well-defined with a well-terraced inner walls around much of the interior. The rim has a slight inward bulge along the north where it is attached to the Van de Graaff formation. The interior floor is relatively level, except in the southeast where there is some rough terrain. There is a central peak formation at the midpoint.
Satellite craters
By convention these features are identified on lunar maps by placing the letter on the side of the crater midpoint that is closest to Birkeland.
References
Impact craters on the Moon
The EG Awards of 2008 are the third and Annual The Age EG (Entertainment Guide) Awards and took place at the Prince of Wales on 4 December 2008.
Hall of Fame inductees
Died Pretty
Performers
Died Pretty
Little Red the EG Allstars
Dave Faulkner
Mark Seymour
Katy Steele
Award nominees and winners
Winners are unknown, some nominatees are below.
References
2008 in Australian music
2008 music awards
Music Victoria Awards
Marazion and Perranuthnoe (Cornish: ) was an electoral division of Cornwall in the United Kingdom which returned one member to sit on Cornwall Council between 2013 and 2021. It was abolished at the 2021 local elections, being succeeded by Long Rock, Marazion and St Erth.
Councillors
Extent
Marazion and Perranuthnoe represented the town of Marazion (including St Michael's Mount), the villages of Goldsithney, St Hilary and Perranuthnoe, and the hamlets of Perran Downs, Higher Downs and Rosudgeon. The hamlet of Gwallon was shared with the Ludgvan division and the hamlet of Relubbus was shared with the Gwinear-Gwithian and St Erth division. The division covered 1928 hectares in total.
Election results
2017 election
2013 election
References
Electoral divisions of Cornwall Council
Marazion
Jagdgeschwader 7 (JG 7) Nowotny was a Luftwaffe fighter wing during World War II and the first operational jet fighter unit in the world. It was created late in 1944 and served until the end of the war in May 1945.
Background
JG 7 was formed under the command of Oberst Johannes Steinhoff, with Kommando Nowotny (the initial Me 262 test wing ) renumbered III./JG 7. Under the command of Major Erich Hohagen III./JG 7 was the only element of JG 7 ready to operate against the Allies. Throughout its existence JG 7 suffered from an irregular supply of new aircraft, fuel and spares. With such a radically new aircraft, training accidents were also common, with 10 Me 262s being lost in six weeks. Additionally, JG 7 operated Bf-109Gs. These Bf-109Gs likely operated as top cover for the Me-262s during takeoff and landing, as was common practice for other Luftwaffe jet units, such as Jagdverband 44. However, the numbers and exact usage of JG 7's Bf-109Gs are unknown, as there is no Luftwaffe documentation regarding these BF-109Gs. The allies captured Bf-109Gs with the same markings as JG 7's Me-262s, the blue and red tail band, but this does not confirm the Bf-109Gs purpose.
The technical troubles and material shortages meant initial tentative sorties were only in flight strength, usually no more than 4 or 6 aircraft. Flying from Brandenburg-Briest, Oranienburg and Parchim, the Geschwader flew intermittently against the USAAF bomber formations. On 3 February JG 7 intercepted USAAF bomber formations and 5 bombers were claimed shot down.
By the end of February 1945 JG 7 had claimed around 45 four-engined bombers and 15 fighters, but at this stage of war this success rate had no effect whatsoever on the Allied air offensive.
During March JG 7 began to deliver larger scale attacks against the Allied bombers. 3 March saw 29 sorties for 8 kills claimed (one jet was lost). On 18 March III./JG 7 conducted their biggest attack numerically thus far, some 37 Me 262s engaging a force of 1,200 American bombers and 600 fighters. This action also marked the first use of the new, unguided R4M rockets. 12 bombers and 1 fighter were claimed for the loss of 3 Me 262s.
The total numbers of aircraft shot down by JG 7 is difficult to quantify due to the loss of Luftwaffe records; between 136 and 420 Allied aircraft may have been claimed shot down.
Operational history
March 1945
Sunday, 18 March 1945: Some 37 Me 262s engaged some 1,330 U.S. heavy bombers and over 700 fighters of the USAAF 8th Air Force destined for Berlin, known as "Mission 894" by the Americans, with some bombing undertaken using H2X radar due to inclement weather over the target area. The 262s were equipped for the first time with 24 of the new R4M air-to-air rockets. JG 7 claimed 12 bombers and one fighter though U.S. records indicate only eight heavy bombers lost. III./JG 7 lost three jet fighters in return. I./JG 7 was forced to takeoff in bad weather and lost Hans Waldmann in a mid-air collision with Hans-Dieter Weihs, and Günter Schrey following combat with U.S. fighters.
21 March 1945: JG 7 claimed 13 B-17s shot down (6 8th Air Force heavy bombers were lost to all causes).4 Me 262s were lost.
22 March 1945: 27 Me 262's of II./JG 7, led by Major Theodor Weissenberger, attacked B-17s over Leipzig. Weissenberger and Obfw Heinz Arnold each claimed a B-17 downed of the 12 bombers claimed shot down by the unit (10 were lost by the 15th Air Force formation).
23 March 1945: Heavy bombers of the USAAF 15th Air Force attacked refineries at Ruhland, where fuel production ceased completely after the attack. The Luftwaffe countered this attack with 14 jet fighters claiming two confirmed and one probable victories during the course of 11 aerial combat over Chemnitz. Major Heinrich Ehrler was credited with two B-24s destroyed and Oberfeldwebel Reinhold a B-17 probably destroyed. American sources confirm these claims to attacking Me 262s in the area of operations.
24 March 1945: JG 7 intercepted a bomber formation of the 15th Air force and claimed 10 four-engined bombers.(US archives record only one of the 15th AF bombers was lost). JG 7 lost 4 Me 262s in return, to the escort fighters( who in turn claimed 8 Me 262s)
25 March 1945: JG 7 accurately claimed five B-24s shot down, although 5 Me 262s were lost from 25 sorties despatched.
31 March 1945: 19 four-engined bombers and two fighters and the probable destruction of another bomber recorded a level of success which was never to be exceeded.
About 20 Me 262s of I. Gruppe and 7 of III. Gruppe took off during the early morning to intercept 460 RAF and RCAF Lancasters and Halifaxes bombing Hamburg, (including the RCAF units of No. 419 Squadron (Moose), No. 434 Squadron (Bluenose), No. 408 Squadron (Goose), No. 415 Squadron (Swordfish) and No. 425 Squadron (Alouette)).
Oberleutnant Sturm, Oberleutnant Hans Grünberg (2), Leutnant Todt (2), Leutnant Schenk (2), Oberleutnant Franz Schall (2), Fähnrich Ehrig (2), Leutnant Hans-Dieter Weihs (1 probable) and Flieger Gerhard Reiher had achieved 13 aerial victories without loss.
The days victory total was raised by at least six during the afternoon when Oberleutnant Stehle led a formation against one of the numerous Lancaster formations. The Staffelkapitän of 2./JG 7 Fritz Stehle shot down a Lancaster near Osnabrück. 11. Staffel and the Stabsschwarm engaged the 8th Air Force in the Zeitz, Brandenburg and Braunschweig areas. American records show the loss of 3 B-17s, 2 B-24s and 4 P-51s mostly to Me 262s. It is believed that Major Weissenberger, Oberfähnrich Windisch and Oberfeldwebel Pritzl each destroyed a B-17. Major Ehrler and Leutnant Rudolf Rademacher probably accounted for a Mustang each.
April 1945
On 7 April JG 7 flew 59 sorties, the largest number in one day, though most failed to engage the Allies. The jets claimed five Allied aircraft destroyed for the loss of two of their own.
On 7 April 1945 elements of III./JG 7 and I.(J)/KG 54 (totaling some 60 Me 262s) were sent to intercept the fighter escorts accompanying 1,261 bombers over Northern Germany, while the 180-strong fighter formation of Sonderkommando Elbe attacked the bomber forces. The jets claimed some 18 victories but over 60 of the Bf 109 force was destroyed along with 27 Me 262s almost half of those committed. Some 19 pilots were killed or missing, while five were wounded. U.S. losses from all causes were 19 bombers and 8 escort fighters.
May 1945
At 16:00 on 8 May 1945 fighters of the JG 7 fought the last aerial battle of World War II in Europe. At about 15:20 Oberleutnant Fritz Stehle and their wingman took off on Me 262 to intercept Soviet Yak-9 fighters and came upon the surprised enemy over Freiberg. Stehle claimed a Yak-9 but the plane shot down was probably an Airacobra. Actually Soviet records show that two P-39 - piloted by M.Lt Sergey Stepanov of 129 GIAP and Aleksey Ivanyuk of 152 GIAP - had been lost. Stehle's victory was anyway the last aerial victory by a German fighter pilot in World War II.
Commanding officers
Oberstleutnant Johannes Steinhoff, 1 December 1944
Major Theodor Weissenberger, 1 January 1945
See also
Organization of the Luftwaffe during World War II
References
Citations
Bibliography
Jagdgeschwader 007
Military units and formations established in 1944
Military units and formations disestablished in 1945
Lis is a village in the municipality of Lučani, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 211 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
The Muskwa River flows through northern British Columbia, Canada. It is a major tributary of the Fort Nelson River - part of the Mackenzie River system. The river rises at Fern Lake in the Bedaux Pass in the Northern Rocky Mountains. From there, it flows generally east, then north, and then east again to meet with the Fort Nelson River just east of the town of Fort Nelson. The river drops approximately , its course taking it down the Rocky Mountain foothills through sub-alpine and boreal forest to meander across the forest and muskegs of the vast Liard River plains. From mouth to headwater, prominent tributaries include the Prophet River, Tuchodi River, and Gathto Creek. Much of the upper portions of this wilderness river and its watershed are located in the Northern Rocky Mountains Provincial Park, which is part of the larger Muskwa-Kechika Management Area. The region is a popular wilderness recreation destination.
A geological unit, the Muskwa Formation, was named for this river, as are the Muskwa Ranges, which is the name for the subgroup of the Rocky Mountains between the Peace and Liard rivers.
Tributaries
Fern Lake
Crehan Creek
Reimer Creek
Wenger Creek
Pentreath Creek
Varrick Creek
Kluachesi Creek
Beckman Creek
Tuchodi River
Chlotapecta Creek
Chischa River
Tetsa River
Gairdner Creek
Steamboat Creek
Kledo Creek
Raspberry Creek
Miduski Creek
Akue Creek
Pouce Creek
Prophet River
References
External links
BC Parks website
Muskwa River
Fort Nelson Country
Rivers of the Canadian Rockies
Peace River Land District
Marlon Almiro Grings (born July 16, 1976) is a Brazilian slalom canoer who competed in the early-to-mid 1990s. They finished 30th in the K-1 event at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.
References
Sports-Reference.com profile
1976 births
Brazilian male canoeists
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Brazil
Ulysses Samuel Guyer (December 13, 1868 – June 5, 1943) was a U.S. Representative from Kansas.
Born near Paw Paw, Illinois, Guyer attended the public schools, Lane University at Lecompton, Kansas, and the University of Kansas School of Law at Lawrence, Kansas. They were admitted to the bar in 1902 and commenced practice in Kansas City, Kansas. They served as judge of the first division city court of Kansas City from 1907-09. They served as mayor of Kansas City, Kansas from 1909 to 1910.
Guyer was elected as a Republican to the Sixty-eighth Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Edward C. Little and served from November 4, 1924, to March 3, 1925. They were not a candidate for election for the full term in 1924. They resumed the practice of law in Kansas City.
They were re-elected to the Seventieth and to the eight succeeding Congresses and served from March 4, 1927, until their death. They were one of the managers appointed by the United States House of Representatives in 1933 to conduct the impeachment proceedings against Harold Louderback, judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of California. They died in Bethesda, Maryland on June 5, 1943.
See also
List of United States Congress members who died in office (1900–49)
References
1868 births
1943 deaths
People from Paw Paw, Illinois
Politicians from Kansas City, Kansas
Mayors of places in Kansas
Kansas state court judges
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
Charles Magill Conrad (December 24, 1804 – February 11, 1878) was a Louisiana politician who served in the United States Senate, United States House of Representatives, and Confederate Congress. They were Secretary of War under President Millard Fillmore and, briefly, Franklin Pierce, from 1850 until 1853. Conrad also briefly acted as the United States Secretary of State following the tenure of Daniel Webster.
Biography
Charles Magill Conrad was born in Winchester, Virginia, in 1804, moved to Mississippi with their family as a boy, and later moved to Louisiana. They were educated under a Dr. Huld in New Orleans. They were appointed to the U.S. Senate in April 1842 to fill the unexpired term of Alexandre Mouton, serving to March 1843, and was defeated for reelection in their own right. They later served in the House of Representatives from 1849 to 1850, resigning to accept appointment as Secretary of War in Fillmore's cabinet. Conrad remained in charge of the War Department from August 15, 1850, to March 7, 1853. They were a leader of the secession movement in Louisiana in December 1860. During the American Civil War, under the Confederate States of America, they served as a delegate to the Provisional Constitution of the Confederate States as a member of the Provisional Congress of the Confederate States, and as a representative from Louisiana to the Confederate Congress, 1862–1864. Following the war, they resumed the practice of law. They died in New Orleans in 1878.
See also
List of United States senators from Louisiana
References
External links
Charles Conrad biography at the United States Army Center of Military History
1804 births
1878 deaths
19th-century American politicians
Politicians from Winchester, Virginia
Deputies and delegates to the Provisional Congress of the Confederate States
Fillmore administration cabinet members
Members of the Confederate House of Representatives from Louisiana
Signers of the Confederate States Constitution
Signers of the Provisional Constitution of the Confederate States
United States Secretaries of War
United States senators from Louisiana
Whig Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Louisiana
Whig Party United States senators
Acting United States Secretaries of State
Southern Historical Society
Sir John Desmond Augustine Fennell, OBE (17 September 1933 – 29 June 2011) was a British barrister and judge who chaired the public inquiry into the 1987 King's Cross fire. They were a High Court judge from 1990 to 1992, when they were forced to retire as a result of a stroke.
References
1933 births
2011 deaths
Queen's Bench Division judges
Knights Bachelor
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
People educated at Ampleforth College
Alumni of Corpus Christi College, Cambridge
Grenadier Guards officers
Members of the Inner Temple
English Queen's Counsel
Queen's Counsel 1901–2000
The Making of Star Wars is a television special produced by 20th Century Fox, which aired on the ABC Television Network on September 16, 1977. It was written by Richard Schickel and directed and produced by Robert Guenette.
Synopsis
Premiering four months after the release of the film, the special was the first Star Wars documentary ever made. The special was hosted by C-3PO (voiced and played by Anthony Daniels) and R2-D2. A voiceover narration was additionally supplied by William Conrad. It features behind-the-scenes footage from Star Wars, and interviews with writer/director George Lucas, producer Gary Kurtz, and castmembers Mark Hamill, Carrie Fisher, Harrison Ford, and Alec Guinness.
Among the behind-the-scenes footage is a brief glimpse of a deleted scene between Luke Skywalker and Biggs Darklighter on Tatooine.
Home media
The special was the first Star Wars material to be released to the home video market (in 1979, by Magnetic Video). It was reissued to video in 1980 with a trailer for The Empire Strikes Back, which had been released that year. This trailer was not featured on the DVD box set issued in 2004.
In 1982, it was reissued again by 20th Century Fox on VHS, Betamax, CED, and Laserdisc as part of a double feature with the 1980 special SP FX: The Empire Strikes Back. It was reissued separately in Japan on Laserdisc in 1992, and was reissued as a triple feature with SPFX and the 1983 special Classic Creatures: Return of the Jedi.
The special is included as an additional feature in the Star Wars: The Complete Saga Blu-ray box set, which was released in September 2011.
The version included is the original version with William Conrad's voiceover.
Alternate version
In 1995, an alternate version of the special was released to VHS as a special mail-in offer with Kellogg's to tie in with the last video and laserdisc releases of the original versions of the Star Wars Trilogy. This version is almost identical to the 1977 version but replaces William Conrad's voiceover with that of famed movie trailer announcer Don LaFontaine. This version has not been issued on DVD nor any other format.
Some portions of the special were edited into The Story of Star Wars, a DVD that was issued as a promotional bonus available at Wal-Mart stores for the DVD release of Star Wars: Episode III – Revenge of the Sith in 2005.
References
External links
Star Wars documentaries
American Broadcasting Company original programming
1970s American television specials
Star Wars (film)
Television shows directed by Robert Guenette
1977 television specials
20th Century Fox Television films
1977 documentary films
Television shows shot at EMI-Elstree Studios
The Gothic alphabet is an alphabet used for writing the Gothic language. Ulfilas (or Wulfila) developed it in the 4th century AD for the purpose of translating the Bible.
The alphabet essentially uses uncial forms of the Greek alphabet, with a few additional letters to express Gothic phonology:
Latin F and G
a questionably Runic letter to distinguish the glide from vocalic
the letter hwair () to express the Gothic labiovelar.
Origin
Ulfilas is thought to have consciously chosen to avoid the use of the older Runic alphabet for this purpose, as it was heavily connected with pagan beliefs and customs. Also, the Greek-based script probably helped to integrate the Gothic nation into the dominant Greco-Roman culture around the Black Sea.
Letters
Below is a table of the Gothic alphabet. Two letters used in its transliteration are not used in current English: thorn þ (representing ), and hwair (representing ).
As with the Greek alphabet, Gothic letters were also assigned numerical values. When used as numerals, letters were written either between two dots (•• = 12) or with an overline ( = 12). Two letters, (90) and (900), have no phonetic value.
The letter names are recorded in a 9th-century manuscript of Alcuin (Codex Vindobonensis 795). Most of them seem to be Gothic forms of names also appearing in the rune poems. The names are given in their attested forms followed by the reconstructed Gothic forms and their meanings.
Most of the letters have been taken over directly from the Greek alphabet, though a few have been created or modified from Latin and possibly (more controversially) Runic letters to express unique phonological features of Gothic. These are:
(q; derived either from a form of Greek stigma/digamma (), or from a cursive variant of kappa (), which could strongly resemble a u, or by inverting Greek pi (𐍀) /p/, perhaps due to similarity in the Gothic names: pairþa versus qairþa)
(þ; derived either from Greek phi (Φ) /f/ or psi (Ψ) /ps/ with phonetic reassignment, or Runic )
(j; derived from Latin G /ɡ/)
(u; possibly an allograph of Greek Ο (cf. the numerical values), or from Runic /u/)
(; derived from Greek Θ /θ/ with phonetic reassignment; possibly the letterform was switched with )
(o; derived either from Greek Ω or from Runic , or from a cursive form of Greek Ο, as such a form was more common for omicron than for omega in this time period, and as the sound values of omicron and omega had already merged by this time.)
(r), (s) and (f) appear to be derived from their Latin equivalents rather than from the Greek, although the equivalent Runic letters (, and ), assumed to have been part of the Gothic futhark, possibly played some role in this choice. However, Snædal claims that "Wulfila's knowledge of runes was questionable to say the least", as the paucity of inscriptions attests that knowledge and use of runes was rare among the East Germanic peoples. Some variants of (s) are shaped like a sigma and more obviously derive from the Greek Σ.
(x) is only used in proper names and loanwords containing Greek Χ (xristus "Christ", galiugaxristus "Pseudo-Christ", zaxarias "Zacharias", aiwxaristia "eucharist").
Regarding the letters' numeric values, most correspond to those of the Greek numerals. Gothic takes the place of Ϝ (6), takes the place of ξ (60), that of Ο (70), and that of ψ (700).
Diacritics and punctuation
Diacritics and punctuation used in the Codex Argenteus include a trema placed on i, transliterated as ï, in general applied to express diaeresis, the interpunct (·) and colon (:) as well as overlines to indicate sigla (such as xaus for xristaus) and numerals.
Unicode
The Gothic alphabet was added to the Unicode Standard in March 2001 with the release of version 3.1.
The Unicode block for Gothic is U+10330– U+1034F in the Supplementary Multilingual Plane. As older software that uses UCS-2 (the predecessor of UTF-16) assumes that all Unicode codepoints can be expressed as 16-bit numbers (U+FFFF or lower, the Basic Multilingual Plane), problems may be encountered using the Gothic alphabet Unicode range and others outside of the Basic Multilingual Plane.
Notes
See also
Ring of Pietroassa
Help:Gothic Unicode Fonts
References
Braune, Wilhelm (1952). Gotische Grammatik. Halle: Max Niemeyer.
Cercignani, Fausto, "The Elaboration of the Gothic Alphabet and Orthography", in Indogermanische Forschungen, 93, 1988, pp. 168–185.
Dietrich, Franz (1862). Über die Aussprache des Gotischen Wärend der Zeit seines Bestehens. Marburg: N. G. Elwert'sche Universitätsbuchhandlung.
Friesen, Otto von (1915). "Gotische Schrift" in Hoops, J. Reallexikon der germanischen Altertumskunde, Bd. II. pp. 306–310. Strassburg: Karl J. Trübner.
Haarmann, Harald (1991). Universalgeschichte der Schrift. Frankfurt: Campus.
Jensen, Hans (1969). Die Schrift in Vergangenheit und Gegenwart. Berlin: Deutscher Verlag der Wissenschaften.
Kirchhoff, Adolf (1854). Das gothische Runenalphabet. Berlin: Wilhelm Hertz.
Mees, Bernard (2002/2003). "Runo-Gothica: the runes and the origin of Wulfila's script", in Die Sprache, 43, pp. 55-79.
Streitberg, Wilhelm (1910). Gotisches Elementarbuch. Heidelberg: Carl Winter.
Weingärtner, Wilhelm (1858). Die Aussprache des Gotischen zur Zeit Ulfilas. Leipzig: T. O. Weigel.
Wright, Joseph (1910). Grammar of the Gothic Language. Oxford: Oxford University Press.
Zacher, Julius (1855). Das gothische Alphabet Vulvilas und das Runenalphabet. Leipzig: F. A. Brockhaus.
External links
Omniglot's Gothic writing page
Pater Noster and Ave Maria in Gothic
JavaScript Gothic transliterator
Unicode code chart for Gothic
WAZU JAPAN's Gallery of Gothic Unicode Fonts
Dr. Pfeffer's Gothic Unicode Fonts
GNU FreeFont Unicode font family with the Gothic range in a serif face.
Gothic writing
Alphabets
Obsolete writing systems
Western calligraphy
This is a list of the Austrian Singles Chart number-one hits of 2003.
See also
2003 in music
References
Austria
2003 in Austria
2003
Kochu Kochu Thettukal is a 1980 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Mohan. The film stars Sukumaran, Hema Choudhary, Innocent, Beena and Shubha in the lead roles. The film has musical score by Shyam.
Cast
Sukumaran
Hema Chaudhary
Shubha
Sathyakala
K. P. Ummer
Sukumari
Innocent
Paravoor Bharathan
Santhakumari
Kalasala Babu
Soundtrack
The music was composed by Shyam and the lyrics were written by Bichu Thirumala.
References
External links
1980 films
1980s Malayalam-language films
Two Paddocks is a wine producer based in Central Otago, New Zealand. It is owned and operated by actor Sam Neill.
History
In 1993, actor Sam Neill established the Two Paddocks company with a planting of of Pinot Noir on a small vineyard at Gibbston, Central Otago.
Alex Paddocks is a vineyard on a terrace above the Earnscleugh Valley under some rocky headlands. It was planted with Burgundian Pinot Noir vines (5, 6, 115) in 1998.
In 2000, the company acquired Redbank Paddocks, a sheltered , also in the Earnscleugh Valley, which nestles between two rocky escarpments. It is planted with more Burgundian clones (777, 667, and 115) and some Riesling.
In 2001, Two Paddocks acquired an interest in another winery, The Central Otago Wine Company, with an approximate production of 3,000 cases of wine a year.
The original vineyard, First Paddock, was augmented by two other small vineyards in the Alexandra district. After incorporating a second vineyard established by neighbouring film director Roger Donaldson, Neill changed to the current name. Donaldson eventually built another vineyard, Sleeping Dogs, named after the 1977 film, which had marked their directorial debut and Neill's first feature film.
"The Last Chance" Pinot Noir is a single vineyard bottling from the Alex Paddocks plot, its first vintage in 2002. The company also produces the second label Picnic, largely with sourced fruit, with bottlings of Pinot Noir, Sauvignon Blanc, and Riesling varietals. Two Paddocks also grows medicinal and culinary herbs, such as lavender oil and saffron.
See also
The Central Otago wine region
List of celebrities who own wineries and vineyards
References
External links
Official site
Background information on Gibbston Valley vineyards
Wineries of New Zealand
Otago
New Zealand brands
The Liberal Democratic Center () was a Greek political party founded in 1965 by former Centre Union members of parliament. The party was created to support the government of Stefanos Stefanopoulos after the Apostasia of 1965.
The party was dissolved after the fall of the government of Stefanos Stefanopoulos.
Well known members
Stefanos Stefanopoulos
Georgios Athanasiadis-Novas
Konstantinos Mitsotakis
Ilias Tsirimokos
Stavros Kostopoulos
Dimitrios Papaspyrou
and other former MPs of Centre Union
Liberal parties in Greece
Political parties established in 1965
Glasgow is an unincorporated community in Coos County, Oregon, United States. For statistical purposes, the United States Census Bureau has defined Glasgow as a census-designated place (CDP). The census definition of the area may not precisely correspond to local understanding of the area with the same name. As of the 2010 census the Glasgow CDP had a population of 763. The place name for Glasgow in the Coos language is Kdet.
Glasgow is located on the north side of Coos Bay, about north of the city of Coos Bay, just east of U.S. Route 101.
The community was founded by real estate speculators in the 1890s, including Henry L. Pittock, Phil Metschan, and Admiral Schley of the Pacific Coal & Transportation Company. The community did not flourish until 30 years after its founding, when construction of Route 101 made Glasgow the northern terminus of the ferry from North Bend, which was used to cross the bay prior to the completion of the Coos Bay Bridge. The place was supposedly named by a Scot because it reminded them of Glasgow, Scotland, but the authors of Oregon Geographic Names were unable to verify this.
Glasgow has a store and a Grange hall, the North Bayside Grange, also known as the Glasgow Grange, that was built in 1928. A humorous sign at the store states that the community's population is "275.5", the .5 for store owner and "self-proclaimed mayor", Jack S. Stevens.
Demographics
References
External links
Images of Glasgow from Flickr
Census-designated places in Oregon
Census-designated places in Coos County, Oregon
Unincorporated communities in Coos County, Oregon
Unincorporated communities in Oregon
Find and replace may refer to:
a feature of text processing as found:
in text editors
in formal language theory
in particular programming languages
Find and Replace (audio drama)
See also
Regular expressions
String searching algorithms
replace (command), an MS DOS command
Andrew Campbell (born February 2, 1992) is an American rower. They graduated from Harvard University in 2014.  They are a two time bronze medalist in the lightweight men's single scull, two time World Champion in the U23 lightweight men's single scull, and U19 bronze medalist in the men's single scull.
Campbell competed in the men's lightweight double sculls event at the 2016 Summer Olympics., finishing 5th.
References
1992 births
Living people
American male rowers
Harvard University alumni
World Rowing Championships medalists for the United States
Olympic rowers of the United States
Rowers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Nematogmus is a genus of dwarf spiders that was first described by Eugène Louis Simon in 1884.
Species
it contains nine species:
Nematogmus asiaticus Tanasevitch, 2014 – Laos, Thailand, Indonesia (Sumatra)
Nematogmus dentimanus Simon, 1886 – Sri Lanka to Malaysia, Indonesia (Java, Krakatau)
Nematogmus digitatus Fei & Zhu, 1994 – China
Nematogmus longior Song & Li, 2008 – China
Nematogmus membranifer Song & Li, 2008 – China
Nematogmus nigripes Hu, 2001 – China
Nematogmus rutilis Oi, 1960 – Japan
Nematogmus sanguinolentus (Walckenaer, 1841) (type) – Europe, North Africa, Caucasus, China, Korea, Japan
Nematogmus stylitus (Bösenberg & Strand, 1906) – China, Japan
See also
List of Linyphiidae species (I–P)
References
Araneomorphae genera
Linyphiidae
Spiders of Asia
San Pietro Apostolo (Calabrian: ) is a comune and town in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of Italy. It is about northwest of Catanzaro, the provincial capital.
It is surrounded by the villages of Decollatura, Gimigliano, Miglierina, Serrastretta and Tiriolo. The largest nearby town is Nicastro, which has since become part of the larger comune of Lamezia Terme.
History
The town was founded by peasants who fled from Motta Santa Lucia after the earthquake of 1638. Moving to the interior, they asked asylum from Prince Cigala of Tiriolo, who allowed them to settle in the area which is today known as "Colla Pagliara", in exchange for the payment of a modest head tax. They subsequently moved to a lower area which was more sheltered from the wind. The village took name from a small statue of the apostle St. Peter erected in the area.
San Pietro Apostolo was administered by its neighbor Tiriolo until the end of the 18th century when it obtained its autonomy under law No. 14 of 19 January 1807. It was elevated to the status of a comune with the name of 'San Pietro a Tiriolo' and placed under the jurisdiction of what was then called Calabria Ulteriore, which consisted of the current provinces of Catanzaro, Crotone, Reggio Calabria and Vibo Valentia. On 4 May 1811 the comune was given the name of San Pietro Apostolo, attesting its separation from Tiriolo which remained, however, the administrative seat. Law No. 360 of 1 May 1816 transferred the village of San Pietro Apostolo with its 1992 inhabitants from the administration of Tiriolo to that of Gimigliano, and from the province of Calabria Ultra to the new province of Calabria Ultra Seconda (Catanzaro).
Revolutionary Giuseppe Garibaldi stopped here on the night of 28 August 1860. The leader of the Expedition of the Thousand, coming from Maida, was a most welcome guest of the Garibaldi supporter Anselmo Tomaini (already condemned to death by the Bourbons for having been one of the supporters of the movements of Maida and Filadelfia) where, with their closest collaborators, they took note of the situation and planned the forthcoming operations that would have opened the roads to Naples; on the same night Francisco Stocco, with only a few men, induced the surrender of 10,000 men commanded by General Ghio and encamped at Soveria Mannelli, by cleverly having ignited numerous fires placed very visibly on the surrounding heights. Garibaldi's visit is commemorated by two tablets placed on walls of the Tomaini Palace in 1887 and 1961.
In the course of the 17th century, an important role was played in the economy of San Pietro by the harvesting and processing of gorse (it. 'ginestra'), a fibrous plant that was softened in the Amato river below the village. This provided a fiber which was used by local spinners for the production of cloth. Silkworm breeding was also very common - the worms were fed on white mulberry leaves which were present in the area. The silk thus produced was almost all locally processed and for the most part marketed in Catanzaro, Nicastro and also in the neighboring town of Serrastretta.
Events
"Pigliata" or "Pigghiata", a sacred play representing the passion and death of Jesus Christ, written in prose in 1880 by an anonymous citizen of S. Pietro and produced for the first time on 18 February of the same year. It consists of 5 acts and 52 scenes, lasts about 8 hours and is performed in the small square in front of the Church.
Feast of San Pietro, celebrated on 29 June
Feast of Madonna di Carmelo, which begins on 14 July and lasts for three days
Feast of Madonna della Lettera, celebrated on the last Sunday of September
References
External links
Official website
Website about S. Pietro
Cities and towns in Calabria
Batong may refer to:
Batong Line, Beijing Subway, in China
Batong, Rueso, a sub-District (tambon) in Rueso District (Amphoe) of Thailand
Kampong Batong, village in Brunei
Out of Gas: The End of the Age of Oil is a 2004 book written by David Goodstein. It describes peak oil and the future of civilization.
Synopsis
The book gives the scientific view that the age of petroleum is coming to an end, and the future is dangerously insecure. Oil demand will shortly exceed the production capacity of even the largest suppliers. The book describes how the world economy is moving towards an uneasy transition. In this book, Goodstein rejected the notion that after peak occurs new alternative sources of energy will be able to fuel industry at the same level. Evidence for imminent decrease in world oil production and consequential economic impact and the viability of alternative sources of energy have been presented in the book.
The book begins by citing the work of M. King Hubbert. Then Goodstein briefly mentions thermodynamics, electromagnetism and geology. They then describes the alternative energy technologies. They opine that the alternative energy technologies will not be effective because of the time it will take to improve them for continuing the present day industry. According to the book, the age of oil is ending. Oil supply will shortly begin to decline, precipitating a global crisis. Even if coal and natural gas are substituted for some of the oil, human civilization will start to run out of fossil fuels by the end of the 21st century. They conclude with the warning: "Civilization as we know it will come to an end sometime in this century unless we can find a way to live without fossil fuels".
Reviews
Paul Raeburn wrote in The New York Times that Goodstein's prediction regarding peak oil and future of civilization is based on an understanding of physics and thermodynamics, and on a simple observation about natural resources. They described Out of Gas: The End of the Age of Oil in The New York Times as "a book that is more powerful for being brief -- takes a detour to explain some of the basics of energy budgets, thermodynamics and entropy, and it does so with the clarity and gentle touch of a master teacher". Raeburn concluded about Goodstein's book:
Publishers Weekly commented on the book:
Brian Braiker described the book in Newsweek as an "important one" where Goodstein gives the explanation of the science behind their prediction.
References
External links
Publisher's page
Review by Sam Dinkin
Entry in Amazon.com
2004 non-fiction books
2004 in the environment
Peak oil books
W. W. Norton & Company books
The Beisi Pagoda (; Suzhou Wu: Poh zy thaeh, ) or North Temple Pagoda is a Chinese pagoda located at Bao'en Temple in Suzhou, Jiangsu Province, China. The base of the pagoda has an octagonal frame, and the tower rises nine stories in a total height of 76 m (249 ft). The pagoda was once eleven stories tall, but was damaged and reduced to nine stories. Its double eaves and flying corners are similar to that of the Liuhe Pagoda found in Hangzhou. Its base and outside walls are made of brick, the balustrades made of stone, and the eaves and banisters encircling the structure are made of wood.
History
Although the present structure dates to the Ming dynasty (1368–1644) (with renovations in following eras), the historical site of construction for the pagoda dates back 1,700 years. A Buddhist pagoda built during the reign of Sun Quan in the 3rd century originally stood at the site (in honor of their wet nurse), along with another pagoda built during the Liang dynasty (502-557). The current design of the pagoda structure was made between the years 1131 and 1162, during the Song dynasty (960-1279). Patronage and construction for the Song era pagoda was headed by the Buddhist monk Dayuan. However, the pagoda was burnt down by fire towards the end of the Song dynasty and rebuilt during the Ming.
During the modern repairs of the pagoda in 1960 and 1975, Chinese artifacts were found within the steeple, including a copper turtle and statues of the Buddha. The latest restoration of the pagoda was in 2006.
See also
Architecture of the Song dynasty
Chinese architecture
External links
Bao'en Temple Pagoda in Suzhou
The North Temple Pagoda
The North Temple Pagoda at suzhou.gov.cn
1131 establishments in Asia
Buildings and structures completed in 1162
Buddhist temples in Suzhou
Pagodas in China
Song dynasty architecture
12th-century establishments in China
Major National Historical and Cultural Sites in Jiangsu
is a Japanese politician, scholar and critic specializing in international politics and national security. They were Minister of Defense from July to December 2012, and is professor at Takushoku University and member of the Congressional Forum for New Japan.
Early life and education
Morimoto was born in Tokyo on 15 March 1941. They graduated from National Defense Academy of Japan in 1965. They received a master's degree from the Fletcher School at Tufts University in 1980.
Career
After graduation, Morimoto served with Japan Air Self-Defense Force until 1979 when they joined the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.In 1992, they left the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and became a chief researcher at Nomura Research Institute (from 1992 to 2001). After teaching at several universities and graduate schools in Japan, Morimoto became a professor at Takushoku University (International Studies). In 2005, they became the head manager of Institute of World Studies at Takushoku University. In 2016 they back Chancellor of Takushoku University.
They served as an aide to then defense minister Yasukazu Hamada who served in Taro Aso's cabinet. Morimoto was appointed defense minister on 3 June 2012 in a cabinet shuffle, replacing Tanaka Naoki.  They are the current Policy adviser to the Japanese Defens.e Minister
They were the first non-politician defense minister of Japan and third defense minister appointed to the Noda cabinet. Morimoto is affiliated to the traditionalist lobby Nippon Kaigi.
As an international political scientist, specialised in National Security, they have attended a number of expert committees and advisory councils held by the Japanese government.
They were instrumental in implementing the Three Principles (Transfer of Defence Equipment) policies in 2014, and the launch of Japan's only international defence trade show and conference, MAST Asia www.mastconfex.com
References
1941 births
Living people
People from Tokyo
National Defense Academy of Japan alumni
The Fletcher School at Tufts University alumni
Japan Air Self-Defense Force personnel
Japanese diplomats
Japanese political scientists
Members of Nippon Kaigi
Japanese defense ministers
Noda cabinet
Nomura Holdings
All-National Television (, Obshchenatsional'noe Televidenie, ONT; , Ahuľnanacyjanaľnaje teliebačannie, ANT) is Belarus's second state-owned television station. It was established on 15 February 2002 by decree of the President of Belarus. It replaced relays of Channel One and currently broadcasts most of the channel's content.
History
ONT was established by decree of the president on February 15, 2002. The channel used the frequencies formerly used by relayers of Channel One.
The Minsk Executive Committee officially registered ONT on March 19, 2002.
Broadcasts commenced on June 25, 2002, at 20:35. The first show seen on the new channel was Nashe Novosti (Our News), ONT's main news programme. The first edition was hosted by Alexander Averkov. Initially it relayed ORT's programming most of the time with significant differences in advertising breaks and news operation, as well as programming from a few other federal Russian channels (NTV, TNT, RTR). As the years progressed, the channel added more original content.
Nashe Utro (Our Morning) first went on the air on February 3, 2004.
Between February 2007 and November 2008, it attempted 24-hour broadcasting, using the overnight hours to broadcast films and a short edition of Nashe Novosti at 3am.
In late 2009 ONT was expected to be given the rights to select Belarus entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 after a decision of president Alexander Lukashenko. On August 1, 2009 ONT got the rights to host the 2010 national selection.
On October 9, 2013, ONT launched a second channel broadcasting exclusively to the internet, ONT.BY, airing ONT's original productions.
On March 21, 2016, ONT became one of the first main Belarusian channels to switch to widescreen.
Programming
ONT relays most of Channel One's shows, such as Vremya, Pole Chudes, Smak, Zhdi Menya (Wait For Me) among others, as well as having a significant amount of local productions like the nightly news bulletin Nashe Novosti (Our News), which airs directly after Vremya, morning talk-show Nashe Utro (Our Morning), a local version of Chto? Gde? Kogda?, among others.
When Channel One shows are broadcast, a dual logo, consisting of Channel One's logo on top of ONT's is used.
References
External links
Общенациональное телевидение official webpage
Television stations in Belarus
Television channels and stations established in 2002
2002 establishments in Belarus
Propaganda in Belarus
Alocasia nebula is a species of flowering plant in the family Araceae, native to Sarawak state, Malaysia. As a houseplant it is said to be the most difficult Alocasia to grow.
References
nebula
House plants
Endemic flora of Malaysia
Flora of Sarawak
Plants described in 2000
Batrachedra linaria is a moth in the family Batrachedridae. It is found in Mexico.
References
Natural History Museum Lepidoptera generic names catalog
Batrachedridae
Moths of Central America
Moths described in 1957
Callimetopus principalis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Heller in 1924. It is known from the Philippines.
References
Callimetopus
Beetles described in 1924
Swaziland competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, United States. The nation returned to the Olympic Games after boycotting both the 1976 and the 1980 Games.
Athletics
Men
Track and road events
Boxing
Men
Swimming
Men
Weightlifting
Men
References
Official Olympic Reports
Nations at the 1984 Summer Olympics
1984
Oly
Raymond De'Andre Martin (born September 13, 1988), known professionally as Rey Reel, is an American record producer and songwriter. Reel has produced for artists such as Fabri Fibra, Beyonce, Nicki Minaj, Mariah Carey, Drake, Lil Wayne, will.i.am and Britney Spears among others. Rey Reel signed a publishing deal with Sony/ATV in May 2015.  They are perhaps best known for producing Beyonce's "Flawless", Drake's "Trophies", will.i.am's "Scream & Shout" (Remix)., and Fabri Fibra's "Come Vasco".
Musical career
Rey Reel began pursuing their production career at age 15 in their home studio. They forged a partnership with hip hop duo Audio Push and produced the hit, "Teach Me How To Jerk". They began collaborating with childhood friend Hit-Boy and together, the duo produced songs for Diddy, Britney Spears, Drake, and Mariah Carey. In December 2014, Rey Reel was nominated for their first Grammy for their production contribution on the Grammy nominated "Beyonce" for Album of the Year.
Production Style
Rey has been quoted describing their sound as "...more of the experimental type; I don't like to tie myself down to just one genre. I want to try everything. I'm actually just now starting to listen to some country music so I can cater to that kind of artist. It may not end up being my thing, but I want to try it first and see how it goes. I tend to favor pop, only because I like to mash hip hop drums with pop sounds." Their production is based around an alternative keyboard.
Awards and nominations
Grammy Nominations
BMI Awards
Production Discography
Singles Produced
Rey Reel's Production
References
American record producers
Swift Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church on Swift Church Road in Miflin, Alabama. It was built in 1905 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
References
Presbyterian churches in Alabama
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
National Register of Historic Places in Baldwin County, Alabama
Gothic Revival church buildings in Alabama
Churches completed in 1905
Churches in Baldwin County, Alabama
1905 establishments in Alabama
Jerome Dingwall (born 16 January 1989) is a Seychellois football goalkeeper who plays for Red Star FC. They were a squad member for the 2017 and 2018 COSAFA Cups.
References
1989 births
Living people
Seychellois footballers
The Lions FC players
Red Star FC (Seychelles) players
Seychelles international footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Shet District (, ) is a district of Karaganda Region in central Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the selo of Aksu-Ayuly. Population:
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Karaganda Region
Mount Lupa () is a flat-topped, ice-covered mountain, over high, standing between Romulus Glacier and Martin Glacier close east-southeast of Black Thumb and east of the head of Rymill Bay, on the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica. It was first roughly surveyed in 1936 by the British Graham Land Expedition under John Rymill. It was resurveyed in 1948–49 by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey who applied the name. This mountain lies near the heads of Romulus and Remus Glaciers, and the name derives from the mythological story of the she-wolf (Lupa) which fed the twins Romulus and Remus after they had been thrown into the Tiber.
References
Mountains of Graham Land
Fallières Coast
Urapteroides is a genus of moths in the family Uraniidae.
Distribution
The genus includes mainly nocturnal or crepuscular moths that are found from Nepal to the Indo-Australian tropics and parts of continental Southeast Asia. Species have a generally pale or nearly white coloration with darker markings.
Description
Palpi slight and porrect (extending forward). Antennae of male thickened and flattened, of female simple. Forewings broad, veins 3 and 4 stalked, and veins 6 and 7 stalked. Veins 10 and 11 present. Hindwings with an angled tail at vein 4 and veins 3 and 4 stalked.
Species
Urapteroides anerces Meyrick, 1886 (Fiji)
Urapteroides astheniata (Guenée, 1857) (Himalaya to New Guinea, Queensland)
Urapteroides diana Swinhoe (Peninsular Malaysia) (possibly a form of U. astheniata)
Urapteroides equestraria Boisduval
Urapteroides hermaea Druce, 1888
Urapteroides hyemalis Butler, 1887 (Solomons, Vanuatu)
Urapteroides malgassaria Mabille, 1878
Urapteroides recurvata Warren, 1898 (Kenya, South Africa, Tanzania)
Urapteroides swinhoei Rothschild
Urapteroides urapterina Butler, 1877
References
External links
Uraniidae
Redondo Point () is a small point just west of Blanchard Ridge on the west coast of Graham Land. The Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) has approved Redondo (round) for this point on the basis of prior naming on an Argentine chart of 1957. The name "Moot Point" is used for this feature on later British maps.
Headlands of Graham Land
Graham Coast
The Banjaratma Heritage Rest Area, or Rest Area KM 260B, is a rest area on the Trans-Java Toll Road within Brebes Regency, Central Java, Indonesia.
It is located on kilometer 260 within the Pejagan-Pemalang section of the toll road's length, in the Jakarta direction. It occupies the site of a former colonial sugar factory. The factory itself operated from 1913 to 1998, and was abandoned for around twenty years. It was revitalized by a consortium of government-owned companies following the opening of the toll road, and the rest area began operations in 2019.
History
Sugar mill
The Banjaratma sugar mill, owned initially by Amsterdam-based sugar plantation company NV Cultuurmaatschappij, began construction in 1908 and operations in 1913. The factory doubles as a research station on sugarcane plantation and milling. In its operations, to secure a supply of sugarcane, the factory "rented" land from surrounding landholding peasants, who in turn often moved to work in urban areas while landless farmers from elsewhere cultivated the sugarcane.
While most sugar mills in Java closed during the Japanese occupation of the Dutch East Indies, the Banjaratma mill continued to operate. During the Indonesian National Revolution, the factory was seized by local pro-independence militias from the Japanese occupiers. A number of Eurasian workers of the factory were rounded up and killed in the Bersiap era. After Indonesian independence and nationalization of Dutch firms, the sugar mill was owned by the government-operated agricultural companies. Reduced supply of sugarcane, coupled with increased operating costs and aging machinery caused the factory to shutdown in 1998, its final production being done in 1997. The building was abandoned, and a rumored haunting even became subject of a 2013 Trans 7 TV episode.
Revitalization
By 2016, construction of the Trans-Java Toll Road had reached Brebes Regency, and the path of the toll road (specifically the Pejagan-Pemalang section) passed within the sugar mill's 25-hectare complex. There was initial local opposition to the construction, as at that time the building had been designated a Cultural Property of Indonesia. In order to preserve and utilize the old factory, a consortium of six Indonesian government-owned firms invested Rp 250 billion for the factory's revitalization and for the construction of a toll road rest area. It began operations on 17 March 2019.
Facilities
The rest area contains standard facilities for Indonesian rest areas such as a mosque, a Pertamina gas station, parking spaces, and a food court. As one of the largest rest areas in Indonesia, the complex measures 10.4 hectares with the main building itself covering 1.6 hectares, and contains several tourist attractions such as a colonial-era steam locomotive which carried sugarcane and a mini-zoo. It is also host to a number of stalls selling products from local SMEs of Brebes, such as salted eggs. The main building's interior is relatively preserved, with the original ornamented brick walls sitting between modern stalls.
References
Rest areas
Brebes Regency
1913 establishments in the Dutch East Indies
1998 disestablishments in Indonesia
2019 establishments in Indonesia
Cultural Properties of Indonesia in Central Java
Toll roads in Java
Erskine Boyce Bowles (born August 8, 1945) is an American business person and political figure from North Carolina. They served from 2005 to 2010 as the president of the University of North Carolina system. In 1997–98 they served as White House Chief of Staff and they also ran unsuccessfully for the United States Senate from North Carolina in 2002 and 2004.
In 2010, Bowles served as the Democratic co-chair of President Barack Obama's National Commission on Fiscal Responsibility and Reform with Alan Simpson. Bowles and Simpson founded an advocacy group, The Campaign to Fix the Debt.
Early life and education
Bowles was born and raised in Greensboro, North Carolina, and is the son of Jessamine Woodward Boyce Bowles and the late Skipper Bowles, a Democratic politician who ran unsuccessfully for Governor of North Carolina in 1972. Siblings include Hargrove Bowles III, Mary Holland Bowles Blanton and the late Martha Thomas Bowles. Bowles graduated from Virginia Episcopal School before attending the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, where they were a member of the Zeta Psi fraternity and graduated with a business degree. After briefly serving in the United States Coast Guard, Bowles then enrolled in Columbia Business School, where they earned an MBA.
Following graduation, Bowles worked for the financial firm Morgan Stanley in New York City, where they met their future wife, Crandall Close. The two married in 1971 and moved to North Carolina, where Bowles worked on their father's 1972 gubernatorial campaign. Crandall and Erskine have three children: Sam, Annie, and Bill. In 1975, Bowles helped launch the investment banking firm of Bowles Hollowell Conner, and remained in the corporate sector until the 1990s.
Clinton administration
In 1992, Bowles became more involved in politics as a fundraiser for Bill Clinton's 1992 presidential campaign. President Clinton appointed Bowles to head the Small Business Administration in 1993. From October 1994 to December 1995, Bowles served as Clinton's White House Deputy Chief of Staff, in the first term of the Clinton Administration. After briefly returning to Charlotte, North Carolina, where they helped found the private equity firm, Carousel Capital, Bowles was appointed Clinton's Chief of Staff in December 1996. One of Bowles's major responsibilities was dealing with federal budget negotiations between the White House and Congress. Bowles returned to Charlotte, North Carolina and to the field of finance again in October 1998. They were also asked by North Carolina Governor Jim Hunt to head a task force on rural economic prosperity.
Senatorial races
Although initially reluctant to seek political office, Bowles reconsidered a run for the United States Senate after the September 11 attacks and, in October 2001, declared their candidacy for the Senate as a Democratic candidate. Seeking to fill the seat being vacated by Jesse Helms, Bowles secured the party's nomination, but was defeated in the 2002 general election by Republican contender Elizabeth Dole.
In 2004, Bowles campaigned again for the Senate, seeking to fill the seat being vacated by fellow Democrat John Edwards. They faced Republican Richard Burr and Libertarian Tom Bailey in a hotly contested race. The final month of the Senate campaign saw both Bowles's and Burr's campaigns turn strongly negative, with Burr's campaign attacking Bowles's associations with the Clinton administration, while Bowles's campaign attacked Burr on their support of trade legislation and special interest donations. Both campaigns spent a great deal of money, making it one of the most expensive statewide races in North Carolina history.
Despite an early lead in the polls after the primaries, as well as fellow Democrat Mike Easley running for a second term as governor at the top of the state party ticket, Bowles was defeated in the 2004 race as well. President Bush's comfortable electoral victory in North Carolina likely helped Burr considerably. During their concession speech in Raleigh at the Democratic headquarters, they thanked their supporters but seemed to indicate that they would not run for office again. Quoting their father, they said there were "many ways to add to the community woodpile" and that political office was only one of them. Accordingly, in 2005 Bowles accepted an appointment as United Nations Deputy Special Envoy for Tsunami-affected Countries, once again working for Bill Clinton who was now serving as U.N. Special Envoy.
Since 2005
On October 3, 2005, Bowles was elected by the University of North Carolina's Board of Governors to succeed Molly Corbett Broad as President of the system, even though some suggest that the Board of Governors broke the law in not holding public hearings in the hiring process. One of their most significant appointments was that of Holden Thorp as the tenth chancellor of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, who resigned on September 17, 2012 in the wake of several athletics-related scandals. Bowles also spoke at the campus memorial service in memory of slain student body president Eve Carson.
On February 12, 2010, Bowles announced their retirement from the UNC System. Bowles was replaced by Thomas W. Ross.
Bowles is also a member of the board of directors of General Motors, Morgan Stanley, Norfolk Southern Corporation, and North Carolina Mutual Life Insurance Company and serves on the North Carolina Advisory Board of DonorsChoose.
Bowles was appointed in 2010 to co-chair President Barack Obama's National Commission on Fiscal Responsibility and Reform with Alan K. Simpson. The commission deadlocked, and the co-chairs' report on a policy for budget deficit reduction was not adopted by the Obama administration. Surprised by the rejection, Bowles later stated they believed that Obama decided to abandon the report and let [incoming House Budget Chairman] Paul Ryan go first, and then they would look like the sensible guy in the game, based on advice from their political advisers and over the objections of their economic team.
On September 7, 2011, Facebook, Inc. announced that it had named Bowles to its board.
After North Carolina Governor Bev Perdue announced that they would not run for a second term in 2012, Bowles was mentioned as a possible candidate, and polling put them almost even with likely Republican nominee Pat McCrory. But on February 2, 2012, Bowles announced that they would not seek the governorship.
Electoral history
2004 election for U.S. Senate
Richard Burr (R), 52%
Erskine Bowles (D), 47%
2002 election for U.S. Senate
Elizabeth Dole (R), 54%
Erskine Bowles (D), 45%
Board membership
Bowles is also a member of the board of directors of:
President Emeritus of the University of North Carolina
Directorship, Morgan Stanley
Former Directorship, Norfolk Southern Corporation,
Directorship, North Carolina Mutual Life Insurance Company
Directorship, North Carolina Advisory Board of DonorsChoose.
Directorship, Facebook, Inc., which announced September 7, 2011, that it had named Bowles to its board.
Directorship, Cousins Properties, Inc.
Directorship, Belk, Inc.
Former Directorship, General Motors
Directorship, Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget
See also
North Carolina Democratic Party
References
General
Clinton, Bill (2005). My Life. Vintage. .
External links
Fix the Debt
Issue positions at OnTheIssues.org
Fix the Debt campaign founded by Simpson and Bowles
1945 births
21st-century American politicians
Administrators of the Small Business Administration
Businesspeople from Greensboro, North Carolina
Candidates in the 2002 United States elections
Candidates in the 2004 United States elections
Clinton administration personnel
Columbia Business School alumni
Directors of Facebook
Directors of Morgan Stanley
Norfolk Southern Railway people
General Motors executives
Living people
North Carolina Democrats
Politicians from Greensboro, North Carolina
Presidents of the University of North Carolina System
UNC Kenan–Flagler Business School alumni
White House Chiefs of Staff
White House Deputy Chiefs of Staff
Urban Institute people
People from Charlotte, North Carolina
American academic administrators
Clinton administration cabinet members
Columbia University alumni
Nugget Point () is one of the most iconic landforms on the Otago coast. Located at the northern end of the Catlins coast, along the road from Kaka Point, this steep headland has a lighthouse at its tip, surrounded by rocky islets (The Nuggets). The point is home to many seabirds, including penguins, gannets and royal spoonbills, and a large breeding colony of fur seals. Roaring Bay, on the south coast of the tip of Nugget Point, is home to a small colony of yellow-eyed penguins.
Nugget Point Lighthouse
Nugget Point had been considered a significant danger in particular to small vessels trading along the coast to the Clutha River. The lighthouse was built in 1869 and started operating on 4 July 1870. The tower was constructed from locally quarried stone and stands above the water. Originally powered by an oil burner, it was converted to a 1000 W lamp in 1949 with electricity provided by a diesel generator until the 1960s, when the lighthouse was connected to mains electricity. It was automated in 1989 and is computer-monitored and operated by Maritime New Zealand.
Proposed marine reserve
Although the headland itself is a scientific reserve, the marine area around it currently has no special protection. While a marine reserve has been proposed twice by the New Zealand Department of Conservation, this has proved controversial. Many of the small local communities, which still rely on fishing for their livelihood, have been a source of opposition to the proposed reserve. Fishing industry bodies such as the Seafood Industry Council have also argued against it.
Meanwhile, many Universities of Otago scientists support a reserve. The initial proposal would have protected more coastline than the latest Department of Conservation proposal, which covers only about one third of the coastline that the Royal Forest and Bird Protection Society has proposed protecting, to less than one tenth the distance offshore.
Tourism
Nugget Point is advertised as a side trip from the Southern Scenic Route, with the main attractions being two easy 20-minute return walks, one to the viewing platform next to the lighthouse, the other to Roaring Bay.
The closest village is Kaka Point, which has traveller accommodation. The Nuggets Road is sealed for its entirety and climbs the bluff towards two car parks at Nugget Point. The walk to Roaring Bay starts at the lower car park and leads to a bird hide. Yellow-eyed penguins may be observed here, as well as fur seals and sometimes sea lions and elephant seals (one of few places in the nation with regular occurrences of this species). Cetaceans such as migrating southern right whales and humpback whales, orca, and dolphins such as endemic Hector's dolphins can be seen from the shore.
References
External links
Otago Daily Times article, 10 March 2005 - Wrong place, wrong reasons for marine reserve
Royal Forest and Bird Protection Society proposal
University of Otago - Scientists support marine reserve proposal
Headlands of Otago
Nature reserves in New Zealand
Rock formations of Otago
The Catlins
Clutha District
Timothy Mark Lang (born January 1948) is Emeritus professor of food policy at City University London's Centre for Food Policy since 2002. They founded the Centre in 1994 and also founded the Cambridge Forum for Sustainability and the Environment.
Selected publications
Atlas of Food (with E Millstone, Earthscan 2003/2008)
Food Policy (with D Barling and M Caraher, Oxford University Press, 2009)
Ecological Public Health (with Geof Rayner, Routedge Earthscan, 2012)
Food Wars (with Michael Heasman, Routledge, 2015)
Unmanageable Consumer (with Yiannis Gabriel, Sage, 2015)
A Food Brexit: Time to get real (2017) (With Erik Millstone & Terry Marsden)
"Coronavirus: rationing based on health, equity and decency now needed – food system expert", The Conversation, 2020.
Feeding Britain, Our Food Problems and How to Fix Them. Penguin, 2020.
References
External links
Diet, health, inequality: why Britain's food supply system doesn't work
'No guidance, no forward planning': what's wrong with Britain's food supply
Living people
Academics of City, University of London
1948 births
British farmers
Alumni of the University of Leeds
British nutritionists
Food policy in the United Kingdom
Two human polls comprised the 1989 National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I-A football rankings. Unlike most sports, college football's governing body, the NCAA, does not bestow a national championship, instead that title is bestowed by one or more different polling agencies. There are two main weekly polls that begin in the preseason—the AP Poll and the Coaches' Poll.
Legend
AP Poll
The AP poll expanded to 25 teams in 1989.
Coaches' Poll
References
NCAA Division I FBS football rankings
The Mulwala Bridge is a road bridge over Lake Mulwala, formed by a weir on the Murray River, on the state border between New South Wales and Victoria in Australia. The bridge links the border towns of Yarrawonga in Victoria and Mulwala in New South Wales. The bridge was built in 1924 and designed by Percy Allan using a Pratt truss.
See also
List of crossings of the Murray River
List of bridges in Australia
References
External links
Crossings of the Murray River
Road bridges in New South Wales
Bridges completed in 1924
1924 establishments in Australia
Truss bridges in Australia
Bridges designed by Percy Allan
Allan truss bridges
Borders of New South Wales
Borders of Victoria (Australia)
Bridges in the Riverina
Princess Sophie Maria Friederike Auguste Leopoldine Alexandrine Ernestine Albertine Elisabeth of Saxony, Duchess of Saxony (Full German name: Prinzessin Sophie Maria Friederike Auguste Leopoldine Alexandrine Ernestine Albertine Elisabeth von Sachsen, Herzogin zu Sachsen) (15 March 1845, Dresden, Kingdom of Saxony – 9 March 1867, Munich, Kingdom of Bavaria) was the eighth and youngest child of John of Saxony and their wife Amalie Auguste of Bavaria and a younger sister of Albert of Saxony and George of Saxony. Through their marriage to Duke Karl-Theodor in Bavaria, Sophie was a member of the House of Wittelsbach and a Duchess in Bavaria.
Marriage and issue
Sophie married Duke Karl-Theodor in Bavaria, fifth child and third-eldest son of Duke Maximilian Joseph in Bavaria and their wife Princess Ludovika of Bavaria, on 11 February 1865 in Dresden. Sophie and Karl-Theodor had one child:
Duchess Amalie in Bavaria (24 December 1865 – 26 May 1912)
Illness and death
Childbirth caused severe respiratory problems for Sophie, which progressively weakened her, although they managed to recover. However, a year later they contracted a severe case of influenza that they could not overcome. Sophie died shortly before their 22nd birthday on 9 March 1867 and was interred at Tegernsee Abbey.
Ancestry
References
Erika Bestenreiner. The Empress Sissi. Milan, Mondadori, 2003.
1845 births
1867 deaths
House of Wettin
Saxon princesses
Nobility from Dresden
Duchesses in Bavaria
Deaths from influenza
German Roman Catholics
Albertine branch
Frank Willis Carswell (November 6, 1919 – October 16, 1998) was an American third baseman, first baseman, outfielder, manager and scout in professional baseball. Although they played only 16 Major League Baseball games in their career, for the 1953 Detroit Tigers, Carswell was one of the top minor league hitters of the post-World War II era.
Born in Palestine, Texas, Carswell attended Rice University. They threw and batted right-handed, stood tall and weighed . They signed with the Tigers in 1941, and batted .338 in 275 at bats for the Jamestown Falcons of the Class D Pennsylvania–Ontario–New York League (PONY League). But the U.S. entered World War II after that season, and Carswell lost four years while serving in the United States Marine Corps. By the time they returned to pick up their baseball career, they were 26 years old and their prospects for MLB stardom had been dimmed. After spending the 1946 season with the Dallas Rebels of the Double-A Texas League, Carswell was demoted to lower minor leagues for much of 1947–50, where they put up prodigious batting numbers. With the 1947 Paris Red Peppers of the Class B Big State League, Carswell earned All-Star third baseman honors, batting .364 with 36 home runs and 145 runs batted in. Two years later, with the Texarkana Bears of the same circuit, Carswell led the league in RBIs (145) and batting average (.386).
But Carswell's slugging was not confined to the mid-minor leagues. The parent Tigers promoted him, at age 31, to the Buffalo Bisons of the Triple-A International League in 1951, and Carswell batted .302. In 1952, they led the International League in homers (30) and batting average (.344). Then in 1953 they once again batted over .300 for Buffalo and, at 33, had their "cup of coffee" in the American League for the Tigers. In six weeks, Carswell appeared in 16 games and batted 15 times with four hits, all singles, and two RBIs for a .267 batting mark. They then returned to Buffalo to hit over .300 for the remainder of 1953 and all of 1954. All told, Carswell played 13 minor league seasons, compiled a lifetime batting average of .337 and hit 209 home runs.
Their managing career began in early 1957 when, still an active player, they were interim manager of the Portland Beavers of the Pacific Coast League after the sudden death from a perforated ulcer of skipper Bill Sweeney on April 18. The following season, they rejoined the Detroit farm system as a full-time manager, working their way up from Class D to Triple-A (including assignments with the Syracuse Chiefs and the Toledo Mud Hens) over the next 13 years (1958–70).
Carswell died at age 78 in Houston, Texas. They were named to the International League Hall of Fame in 2010.
References
External links
, or Retrosheet
1919 births
1998 deaths
All-American college men's basketball players
United States Marine Corps personnel of World War II
Baseball players from Texas
Buffalo Bisons (minor league) players
Dallas Eagles players
Dallas Rebels players
Decatur Commodores players
Detroit Tigers players
Flint Dow A.C.'s players
Houston Buffaloes players
Jamestown Falcons players
Major League Baseball outfielders
Omaha Cardinals players
Paris Red Peppers players
Paris Rockets players
People from Palestine, Texas
Portland Beavers managers
Portland Beavers players
Professional Basketball League of America players
Rice Owls baseball players
Rice Owls men's basketball players
Texarkana Bears players
Toledo Mud Hens managers
Tulsa Oilers (baseball) players
Syracuse Chiefs managers
American men's basketball players
Military personnel from Texas
The Audioframe is a digital audio workstation with sampler, hard disk recorder and digital mixer.
WaveFrame received a Technical Oscar in 2004 for digital audio workstations with editing capabilities applicable to movies.
References
Samplers (musical instrument)
Routt County is a county located in the U.S. state of Colorado. As of the 2020 census, the population was 24,829. The county seat is Steamboat Springs. Routt County comprises the Steamboat Springs, CO Micropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Placer gold was found near Hahns Peak in 1864 as part of the Colorado Gold Rush.
Routt County was created out of the western portion of Grand County on January 29, 1877. It was named in honor of John Long Routt, the last territorial and first state governor of Colorado. The western portion of Routt County was split off to form Moffat County on February 27, 1911.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.3%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Carbon County, Wyoming - north
Jackson County - east
Grand County - southeast
Eagle County - south
Garfield County - south-southwest
Rio Blanco County - southwest
Moffat County - west
Major Highways
U.S. Highway 40
State Highway 131
State Highway 134
National protected areas
Mount Zirkel Wilderness
Routt National Forest
Sarvis Creek Wilderness
White River National Forest
State protected areas
Pearl Lake State Park
Stagecoach State Park
Steamboat Lake State Park
Yampa River State Park
Trails and byways
Continental Divide National Scenic Trail
Fish Creek Falls National Recreation Trail
Flat Tops Trail Scenic Byway
Great Parks Bicycle Route
Swamp Park National Recreation Trail
Demographics
At the 2000 census there were 19,690 people, 7,953 households, and 4,779 families living in the county. The population density was 8 people per square mile (3/km2). There were 11,217 housing units at an average density of 5 per square mile (2/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 96.90% White, 0.13% Black or African American, 0.49% Native American, 0.39% Asian, 0.09% Pacific Islander, 0.73% from other races, and 1.28% from two or more races. 3.22% of the population were Hispanic Latino of any race.
Of the 7,953 households 31.10% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.60% were married couples living together, 5.80% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.90% were non-families. 24.40% of households were one person and 3.70% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.92.
The age distribution was 22.60% under the age of 18, 10.10% from 18 to 24, 36.50% from 25 to 44, 25.70% from 45 to 64, and 5.00% 65 or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females there were 116.60 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 119.40 males.
The median household income was $53,612 and the median family income was $61,927. Males had a median income of $36,997 versus $26,576 for females. The per capita income for the county was $28,792. About 2.80% of families and 6.10% of the population were below the poverty line, including 5.20% of those under age 18 and 7.70% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
Routt County tilted Republican for much of the second half of the 20th century. From 1952 to 1988, Republicans carried the county in all but one election. The one break in this trend came in 1964, when Lyndon Johnson won Routt by a healthy margin of 63–37.
Since the late 1980s, Routt County has trended Democratic. It swung from a 34-point win for Ronald Reagan in 1984 to only a five-point win for George H. W. Bush in 1988. In 1992, Bill Clinton became the first Democrat to win the county since 1964 and only the second since 1948, carrying it with modest pluralities in both of their bids. George W. Bush won the county in 2000 by only 264 votes. However, John Kerry won it by a 10-point majority in 2004, and since then Routt has become powerfully Democratic, with Democrats winning by margins rivaling those in the counties closer to Denver. In 2016, Hillary Clinton won the county 54–37. Routt County continued its Democratic trend in 2020, with Joe Biden winning the county 63–35. This is the largest margin of victory for a Democratic presidential candidate in the county since the 1916 election.
Communities
City
Steamboat Springs
Towns
Hayden
Oak Creek
Yampa
Census-designated place
Phippsburg
Other places
Clark
Hahns Peak Village
Toponas
Milner
See also
Outline of Colorado
Index of Colorado-related articles
Colorado counties
Colorado municipalities
National Register of Historic Places listings in Routt County, Colorado
References
External links
Colorado County Evolution by Don Stanwyck
Colorado Historical Society
Colorado counties
1877 establishments in Colorado
Populated places established in 1877
İğdir is a village in the Yeşilova district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Yeşilova District
Robinsonův ostrov was a Czech reality television program debuting in 2017. In 2016, TV Nova bought the broadcast rights to air their own version of Expedition Robinson.
The name alludes to both Robinson Crusoe and The Swiss Family Robinson, two stories featuring people being marooned by shipwrecks.
Seasons
External links
http://robinson.nova.cz/
Czech Republic
Czech reality television series
Czech Republic
The Nova Scotia Voyageurs were a professional ice hockey team, based in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada. They played in the American Hockey League, from 1971 to 1984. Originally chartered as the Houston Apollos of the Central Hockey League, the organization was relocated to Montreal after five seasons due to low attendance and travel costs. The Voyageurs (or "Vees" for short) played their first two seasons (1969–71), as the Montreal Voyageurs and were the affiliate of the National Hockey League's Montreal Canadiens.
In 1971, they relocated to Halifax, Nova Scotia. They were the first AHL team to be located in Atlantic Canada, and would be the first to play in the Halifax Metro Centre. The team was also the first Canadian club to win the Calder Cup, and were the class of the league for many years - only in two seasons did the team garner a losing record, and the Voyageurs never missed the playoffs. The team eventually moved to Sherbrooke, Quebec to become the Sherbrooke Canadiens.
The Vees won three Calder Cups, the first in 1972. Nova Scotia won again in 1976 and 1977, while their parent Canadiens were winning back-to-back Stanley Cups; this is the only time an NHL/AHL affiliated combo have won both Cups in the same year twice.
The team was replaced in Halifax by the Nova Scotia Oilers, an affiliate of the Edmonton Oilers and subsequently the Halifax Citadels, an affiliate of the Quebec Nordiques.
With the success of the Voyageurs in its existence of 13 seasons, it spawned a period of 34 consecutive years where there would be at least one AHL team in Atlantic Canada. This was largely due to the desire of several Canadian NHL franchises to continue to pay players sent down to the minors in Canadian dollars throughout the 1980s and 1990s. However, by the late 1990s, many of the remaining AHL teams in Atlantic Canada had disappeared, either by relocation or by the franchise being rendered dormant. The last remaining team in this long period would be the St. John's Maple Leafs, which moved from St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador in 2005 to Toronto, Ontario to play as the Toronto Marlies. The AHL did not return to Atlantic Canada until 2011 with the St. John's IceCaps.
Team records
Single Season
Goals: 52 Yvon Lambert (1971–72)
Assists: 73 John Chabot (1982–83)
Points: 104 Yvon Lambert (1971–72), 104 Peter Sullivan (1974–75)
Penalty Minutes: 335 Dwight Schofield (1981–82)
GAA:
SV%:
Career
Career Goals: 103, Dan Metivier
Career Assists: 163, Wayne Thompson
Career Points: 251, Don Howse
Career Penalty Minutes: 1084 , Dave Allison
Career Goaltending Wins:
Career Shutouts:
Career Games: 371, Jim Cahoon
Notable alumni
List of Voyageurs alumni that played more than 100 games in Halifax, and also played at least 100 games in the National Hockey League and/or World Hockey Association.
Keith Acton
Dave Allison
Ron Andruff
Jeff Brubaker
Mike Busniuk
Guy Carbonneau
Dan Daoust
Norm Dupont
Brian Engblom
Tony Featherstone
Greg Fox
Ed Gilbert
Glenn Goldup
Mark Holden
Pat Hughes
Yvon Lambert
Peter Lee
Craig Levie
Dave Lumley
Gilles Lupien
Mike McPhee
Rick Meagher
Pierre Mondou
Bob Murray
Bill Nyrop
Greg Paslawski
Mike Polich
Noel Price
Bill Riley
Larry Robinson
Bill Root
Randy Rota
Rod Schutt
Dwight Schofield
Peter Sullivan
Michel Therrien
John Van Boxmeer
Rick Wilson
Ron Wilson
Paul Woods
Coaches
Al MacNeil - 1971–72 to 1976–77
Frank St. Marseille - 1977–78 to 1978–79
Bert Templeton - 1979–80 to 1980–81
John Brophy - 1981–82 to 1983–84
Season-by-season results
Montreal Voyageurs 1969–1971
Nova Scotia Voyageurs 1971–1984
Regular season
Playoffs
See also
List of ice hockey teams in Nova Scotia
Sports teams in Halifax, Nova Scotia
Sport in Halifax, Nova Scotia
Ice hockey clubs established in 1969
Ice hockey clubs disestablished in 1971
Ice hockey clubs established in 1971
Sport clubs disestablished in 1984
1969 establishments in Nova Scotia
1971 establishments in Nova Scotia
Atlanta Flames minor league affiliates
Montreal Canadiens minor league affiliates
Alberta Kinsey (1875 - April 23, 1952) was an American painter. Born in West Milton, Ohio, they were trained in New Orleans, France and Italy. They taught at Wilmington College and became an artist in New Orleans' French Quarter. Them work can be seen at the Smithsonian American Art Museum.
References
1875 births
1952 deaths
American women painters
Artists from New Orleans
Painters from Ohio
People from West Milton, Ohio
20th-century American painters
20th-century American women artists
Public Works of Art Project artists
Ksenia Vasilyevna Krasilnikova (, born 18 June 1991) is a Russian former pair skater. With Konstantin Bezmaternikh, they are the 2008 World Junior champion.
Career
Krasilnikova teamed up with Konstantin Bezmaternikh in 2003. The pair was coached by Valeri Tiukov and Valentina Tiukova in poor conditions in Perm. Although they placed second on the day, they were later awarded the 2007-2008 Junior Grand Prix Final title following the retroactive disqualification of Vera Bazarova / Yuri Larionov due to a positive doping sample from Larionov.
Krasilnikova / Bezmaternikh withdrew from the 2009 Nebelhorn Trophy after the short program – they injured ligaments in their right hand. Krasilnikova decided to retire from competitive skating after the 2009–2010 season due to a persistent back injury.
Programs
(with Bezmaternikh)
Competitive highlights
(with Bezmaternikh)
References
External links
Russian female pair skaters
1991 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Krasnoyarsk
World Junior Figure Skating Championships medalists
Competitors at the 2009 Winter Universiade
20th-century Russian women
21st-century Russian women
Don Lerman (born March 22, 1949) is an American retired competitive eater who set multiple records for eating butter, beans, bologna, and burgers. They have several nicknames, Moses, Don Lerman"All American" including "The Fastest Hands in Competitive Eating", "Gustoff Zhychick" or and "90-Year-Old Don Lerman."
Life
Don Lerman was born in Brooklyn New York, in 1949. As a child, Lerman ate nearly everything available. Before becoming a competitive eater, Lerman owned & operated their own day-old bread store.
In 2000, Lerman saw that a local Kosher Delicatessen holding a Matzah Ball Eating Contest and entered. They won that competition, and become "hooked" on eating contests. They scanned the internet for several eating contests, and attended several others regardless of the price.
Lerman has set several records. They ate seven quarter-pound sticks of salted butter in five minutes, a feat that was included on Bleacher Report's "Top 10 Unbreakable and Disgusting Competitive Eating ppRecords". Lerman has also eaten of baked beans in one minute and 48 seconds, of pork and chicken bologna in six minutes, and 11 burgers in ten minutes.
Lerman often attended eating events dressed as Moses, which was their persona of choice. Other costumes Lerman was known to dress up in included those of cowboys and gangsters.
Lerman announced their retirement to spend more time with their dog. They continued to compete infrequently, however, they eventually permanently retired feeling they were unable to keep up with modern professional eaters.  They are Jewish. Lerman is credited with inventing the "water method", where one drinks water to expand their stomach. Lerman stated that this allows for the stomach to hold more food.
References
1949 births
Living people
American competitive eaters
People from Levittown, New York
Kalomo District is a district of Zambia, located in Southern Province. The capital lies at Kalomo. As of the 2000 Zambian Census, the district had a population of 169,503 people.
References
Districts of Southern Province, Zambia
The 1912–13 season was the eighth in the history of the Isthmian League, an English football competition.
London Caledonians were champions, winning their fourth Isthmian League title. At the end of the season Tunbridge Wells resigned from the league and joined the Spartan League.
League table
References
Isthmian League seasons
I
Roy Crimmins (2 August 1929 – 27 August 2014) was an English jazz trombonist, composer and arranger.
Biography
Born in London, England, of Irish and English descent, Crimmins turned professional by joining the Mick Mulligan band in 1952. Originally self-taught, Crimmins was later mentored by the American bass trombonist with the Philarmonia Orchestra, Ray Premru, and the then Ted Heath principal trombonist, Don Lusher. With a career spanning 50 years, Crimmins has played and collaborated with many notable musicians, including Duke Ellington, Louis Armstrong, Archie Semple, Alex Welsh, Freddy Randall, Harry Gold and Lennie Hastings.
Collaborating with Alex Welsh in 1954, the pair started their own band, and recorded with American guest stars such as the clarinettist Pee Wee Russell and Wild Bill Davison. The band was active for the following decade, and Crimmins moved to Germany in 1965 where they kept a consistent line-up and a regular group. From 1970 until 1977, they lived in Switzerland, and formed their own band using the pseudonym of Roy King and recorded three albums. They toured Europe extensively during this era, and had their own television show in Vienna for five years. In the late 1970s, Crimmins went back to England and worked once again with Welsh until Welsh's death in 1982.
In the mid-1980s, Crimmins was approached by Bob Wilber, to join their Benny Goodman and Duke Ellington orchestras, interpreting the original Lawrence Brown, Tricky Sam Nanton and Juan Tizol trombone solos, performing at the Nice and North Sea Jazz Festivals. At this time, Crimmins was approached by the Mayor of Eilat, Israel, to advise on establishing an International Jazz Festival in Eilat. Crimmin's involvement in this venture led to the renowned Red Sea Jazz Festival. Soon after, Crimmins and their family moved to Tel Aviv, where they established the Israel Jazz Ensemble, and was commissioned by Musica Nova (a breakdown group from the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra) to write a concerto, which premiered in the Tel Aviv Museum of Art.
Roy Crimmins died aged 85, on 27 August 2014, in London, England, and is buried on a hill overlooking the Sea of Galilee.
Original compositions
"Lady Z"
"Miriam's Drum"
"The Earbender"
"Balconies"
"To Mr Charles M"
Suite Alice - A suite in five movements (The fourth movement "The Jabberwocky" text by Lewis Carroll)
"Judi's Jam"
"Judi With An"
"Goodnight Sweet Prince"
"The Rest Is Silence"
"Concerto for Orchestra and Jazz Ensemble"
"Special Arrangement: 'The Train and the River' (Guiffre)"
Billy Rose is alive and well and living in Jerusalem - A suite in three movements:
"1. Entrance to the City"
"2. In the Beginning"
"3. And Nobody Hears (text: Mira Maor Crimmins)
Abigail's Lament
"The Cats of Tel Aviv"
"The Witch of Ein Dor"
References
1929 births
2014 deaths
English trombonists
Male trombonists
English jazz trombonists
British male jazz musicians
Hmong may refer to:
Hmong people, an ethnic group living mainly in Southwest China, Vietnam, Laos, and Thailand
Hmong cuisine
Hmong customs and culture
Hmong music
Hmong textile art
Hmong language, a continuum of closely related tongues/dialects
Hmong–Mien languages
Pahawh Hmong, an indigenous semi-syllabic script
Nyiakeng Puachue Hmong, a modern alphabetic script
Hmong Americans, Americans of Hmong descent
See also
Hmong folk religion
Hmong in Wisconsin
Hmong American Peace Academy
Hmong Studies Journal
Hong (disambiguation)
Miao people
Mong (disambiguation)
Language and nationality disambiguation pages
Warm Heart of Africa is the debut studio album for the Very Best. The album was released digitally on August 25, 2009 and physically on October 6, 2009. Rhapsody deemed it the 18th best album of 2009.
Track listing
"Yalira" – 3:44 (mp3)
"Chalo" – 3:14
"Warm Heart of Africa" (featuring Ezra Koenig) – 3:49
"Mwazi" – 1:08
"Nsokoto" – 5:30
"Angonde" – 4:54
"Julia" – 4:08
"Mfumu" – 3:52
"Ntende Uli" - 3:21
"Rain Dance" (featuring M.I.A.) – 4:28 (mp3)
"Kamphopo" - 3:13
"Kada Manja - 4:35
"Zam'dziko - 2:27
References
2009 debut albums
The Very Best albums
SKYNET Direct to Home (DTH) is a Satellite television pay TV operator provided nationwide in Myanmar by Shwe Than Lwin Media Co.,Ltd. It was launched in November 2010. Sky Net broadcasts a total 80 channels via Apstar 7 satellite. It also provides internet services in the Pacific Asia area. The company is owned by Sino-Burmese business person, Kyaw Win who is also the chairperson of Skynet. Skynet have media staff and employ more than 2000.
Channels
SKYNET DTH was first launched with 124 channels including Spanish La Liga, Italian Serie A, German Bundesliga, French Ligue 1, Hero I-League, Indian Super League, American Major League Soccer, Australian A-League, NBA, CCL and other sports and entertainment. It later expanded to 80 channels and acquired media rights of competitions held by UEFA (Euro 2012, UEFA Champions League, Europa League). SKYNET DTH started broadcasting all matches of the Air KBZ Myanmar Lethwei World Championship, Premier League, IPL from the 2013/2014 season after it acquired rights from FA. SKYNET DTH also have media rights of all competitions held by FIFA, enabling SKYNET to broadcast live the FIFA World Cup 2018. SKYNET DTH also have media rights to all of WWE, which broadcasts RAW, Smack Down Live, NXT and all Pay Per Views produced by WWE.
References
External links
http://www.skynetdth.com/
Direct broadcast satellite services
Telecommunication companies established in 2010
2010 establishments in Myanmar
Telecommunication companies of Myanmar
The nineteenth European Masters Athletics Championships were held in Izmir, Turkey, from August 22–31, 2014. The European Masters Athletics Championships serve the division of the sport of athletics for people over 35 years of age, referred to as masters athletics.
Results
100 metres
200 metres
Shot put
Discus throw
Javelin throw
Throws pentathlon
5000 metre track race walks
References
2014 European Masters Athletics Championships
Thermal lag describes a body's temperature with respect to time as a result of its thermal mass. A body with high thermal mass (high heat capacity and low conductivity) will have a large thermal lag.
α = Thermal diffusivity (m2/s)
Ω = External angular frequency (s−1)
L = thickness (m)
Examples
The slow night-time cooling of a home after its external brick wall has been heated by the sun is one example of thermal lag. Thermal lag is the reason the high temperatures in summer continue to increase after the summer solstice (in this case, it is termed seasonal lag), and it is the reason a day's high temperature peaks in the afternoon instead of when the Sun is at its peak (12 noon).
See also
Heat transfer
Stokes boundary layer
References
Heat transfer
The Guayaquil woodpecker (Campephilus gayaquilensis) is a species of bird in the family Picidae.
It is found in southern Colombia, Ecuador and northern Peru.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
Guayaquil woodpecker
Birds of Ecuador
Guayaquil woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Callimetopus degeneratus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Heller in 1924, originally under the genus Niphonoclea. It is known from the Philippines.
References
Callimetopus
Beetles described in 1924
Alva Rogers (born 1959) is an American playwright, composer, actor, vocalist, and arts educator.  They are known for the use of dolls and puppetry in interdisciplinary work. Rogers performed in the role of Eula Peazant in Julie Dash's 1991 film Daughters of the Dust. and was a vocalist in the New York City alternative rock band Band of Susans.
Early life
Rogers was born and raised in New York City, where they graduated with a concentration in vocal music from The High School of Music & Art. They have a bachelor's degree in American history from Marietta College. In 1995, they received a Master of Fine Arts in musical theater writing from Tisch School of the Arts at New York University. In 1998, they received a Master of Fine Arts in literary arts from Brown University, and in 2013, they received a Master of Arts in teaching with a focus on history from Bard College.
Personal life
Rogers lives and works in Manhattan.
Career
Art
Rodeo Caldonia
Rogers has been a part of numerous notable artist collaborations. From 1985 to 1989, they were a founding member of Rodeo Caldonia, a black women's art collective formed in the Brooklyn neighborhood of Fort Greene that included fellow artists Lorna Simpson, Chakaia Booker and Sandye Wilson among others. With Lisa Jones, also a member of Rodeo Caldonia, they wrote a series of radio plays--Aunt Aida's Hand (1989), Stained (1991), and Ethnic Cleansing (1993)--for New American Radio on National Public Radio. In 2015 Greg Tate facilitated a panel discussion with Rogers and Lisa Jones about Rodeo Caldonia in the 2011 film Brooklyn Boheme.
Alva Rogers and their work with Rodeo Caldonia was included in the 2017 Brooklyn Museum exhibition We Wanted a Revolution: Black Radical Women, 1965–1985 curated by Rujeko Hockley and Catherine Morris.
During Robert Colescott's 1989 exhibition at the New Museum Rogers was featured in Black to the Future: Alva Rogers in Performance, a public program that unpacked the issues in Colescott's work. The program was curated by Kellie Jones.
Puppetry
With puppeteer Heather Henson and the composer Bruce Monroe, they created three musicals: nightbathing, mermaid, and Sunday (performed Off-Off-Broadway as part of the New Works Now! series at the Public Theater. Rogers also created audio recordings for Whitfield Lovell's work Whispers from the Walls.
Other work
Rogers appeared on the cover of Essence Magazine's beauty issue in January 1993. They have been photographed by photographer Lyle Ashton Harris and Dawoud Bey.
They were a writer in residence at Hedgebrook Women Playwright retreat on Whidbey Island, Washington in 2011 that culminated in a reading of their work at ACT Theater.
Acting
School Daze
In 1988 Rogers played Doris Witherspoon in Spike Lee's film, School Daze about intra-racial prejudice in HBCU academia. It was an early film for most of the actors and most of the stars and crew were African American. The film co-starred Laurence Fishburne, Giancarlo Esposito, Tisha Campbell, Ossie Davis and Kadeem Hardison amongst others.
Daughters of the Dust
In 1991 Rogers appeared in Julie Dash's film Daughters of the Dust. The film took place in 1902 about a matriarchal family during the Great Migration. Eula, Rogers' character, is raped by a white man and the fear of lynching gives their family no recourse to investigate their pregnancy. The film has been noted to have influenced Beyonce's 2016 album Lemonade. “Daughters was a major aesthetic leap forward for black cinema in that it did not mimic Hollywood storytelling but drew on European art house films, African traditions and created its own idiosyncratic style,” said Nelson George, filmmaker. The cinematographer for Daughters of the Dust was Arthur Jafa.
Other films
Rogers appeared as themselves in the film Brooklyn Boheme (2011), which documented the New Black Arts Movement in Fort Greene in the 1980s and 1990s.  They are featured in Kerry James Marshall's film The Doppler Incident (1997) and was a frequent subject in the photographs of Lorna Simpson.
Filmography
1988: School Daze – as Doris Witherspoon
1991: Daughters of the Dust – as Eula Peazant
1994: Fresh Kill – as Cello player in locker
2005: The Flooded Playground (Video short) – as The Singing Tree
2010: Window on Your Present – as Girl On Shoulders
2011: Spirits of Rebellion: Black Film at UCLA (Documentary) – as Eula Peazant
2012: Brooklyn Boheme (Documentary) – as themselves
Publications
Rogers's works as a playwright include The Bride Who Became Frightened When They Saw Life Open, The Doll Plays, and Scooping the Darkness Empty.
Awards
Rogers has won grants from the Jim Henson Foundation, National Endowment for the Arts, a New York Foundation for the Arts Fellowship in Playwriting in 2004, and the Rockefeller Foundation.
References
External links
1959 births
Living people
African-American artists
Actresses from New York City
Artists from New York City
American women dramatists and playwrights
American puppeteers
21st-century African-American people
21st-century African-American women
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American women
Brandywine Park was the first city park established by the city of Wilmington, Delaware. It is located on the banks of Brandywine Creek, between Augustine Road and North Market Street. The park was established in 1886, and was designed by Samuel Canby, the city's parks commissioner, in consultation with Frederick Law Olmsted. Although initially laid out as a bucolic park with winding paths and roadways, it has since expanded to include active recreation facilities.
The park is approximately 178 acres and it spans both the north and south banks of the Brandywine. Much of the park has been preserved as a mix of wilderness and open space with walking trails and scenic views of the creek and surrounding woods. The open space section of the park includes two formal gardens, a rose garden and a cherry blossom garden. The Brandywine Zoo was created in 1905 and now occupies 4.75 acres of the park. Brandywine Park also includes active recreational facilities including playgrounds, athletic fields, and Baynard Stadium.
The park was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976. It is a unit of Delaware's Wilmington State Parks.
See also
Brandywine Creek State Park
National Register of Historic Places listings in Wilmington, Delaware
References
National Register of Historic Places in Wilmington, Delaware
Wilmington, Delaware
Parks on the National Register of Historic Places in Delaware
The France national under-19 football team is the national under-19 football team of France and is controlled by the French Football Federation. The team competes in the annual UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship. They were the 2010 champions of the competition having won on home soil. The under-19 team also contests the qualification matches needed to play in the FIFA U-20 World Cup, though the competition is classified as an under-20 tournament.
Players
Current squad
The following players were called up for the 2022 UEFA European Under-19 Championship,
Match dates: 18 June – 28 June 2022Caps and goals correct as of: 28 June 2022, after the semi-final match against Recent callups
The following players have also been called up to the France under-19 squad and remain eligible:
Previous squads
UEFA U-19 European Championships squads
2019 UEFA European U-19 Championship squads – France
2018 UEFA European U-19 Championship squads – France
2016 UEFA European U-19 Championship squads – France
2015 UEFA European U-19 Championship squads – France
2013 UEFA European U-19 Championship squads – France
2012 UEFA European U-19 Championship squads – France
2010 UEFA European U-19 Championship squads – France
2009 UEFA European U-19 Championship squads – France
2007 UEFA European U-19 Championship squads – France
2005 UEFA European U-19 Championship squads – France
2003 UEFA European U-19 Championship squads – France
Competitive record
UEFA European U-19 Championship record
*Draws include knockout matches decided by penalty shootout.
**Gold background colour indicates that the tournament was won.
***Red border colour indicates tournament was held on home soil.
2022 UEFA European Under-19 Championship
Qualified teams for the final tournament
The following teams qualified for the final tournament of the 2022 UEFA European Under-19 Championship.
Note: All appearance statistics include only U-19 era (since 2002).
HonoursUEFA European Under-19 Football Championship (8)''':
1949, 1983, 1996, 1997, 2000, 2005, 2010, 2016
References
External links
Official site
Under-19
European national under-19 association football teams
Youth football in France
Sarah (died circa 303) is a 4th-century martyr venerated as a saint in the Coptic Orthodox Church.  They are commemorated on the 25th day of Baramouda (3 May).
Unable to baptise their two sons in Antioch on account of the persecutions of the Emperor Diocletian, they took them by boat to Egypt. A great storm blew up, and in fear of their sons drowning unbaptised, they performed their baptisms herself, cutting their breast, marking the cross on their foreheads and over their hearts in their blood, and dipping them three times in the sea, in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit. The storm died down, and the ship reached Alexandria. Sarah immediately took their sons to Pope Peter I for official baptism, but when they went to baptise them, the water froze. They continued baptising other children and came again to Sarah's children at the end, but three times they tried, and three times the water froze, whereupon they said, "It is indeed one baptism."
On returning to Antioch, they were accused by their husband of having gone to Alexandria to commit adultery with Christians, and sent before the Emperor, but refused to confess, or reveal their true purpose (which probably would have resulted in death anyway). They and their two sons were burned. The year was probably AD 303 or 304.
External links
The martyrdom of Sarah and their two sons
Saints from Roman Egypt
303 deaths
4th-century Christian martyrs
4th-century Roman women
4th-century Christian saints
Year of birth unknown
Late Ancient Christian female saints
The Togo lidless skink (Panaspis togoensis) is a species of lidless skinks in the family Scincidae. The species is found in western Africa.
References
Panaspis
Reptiles described in 1902
Taxa named by Franz Werner
Jason Michael Snelling (born December 29, 1983) is a former American football running back. They played their entire career with the Atlanta Falcons of the National Football League. They were drafted by the Falcons in the seventh round of the 2007 NFL Draft. They played college football at Virginia.
Early years
Snelling played football at Lloyd C. Bird High School, where they were an all-district tailback and was named to the all-region team three times. They rushed for 3,300 yards during their career, including 1,444 yards and 14 touchdowns during their senior year. Their jersey number was retired by the school in 2007
College career
Snelling enrolled to University of Virginia . Their average of 5.3 yards per rush is the fifth on the school's all-time rushing record list, topped only by John Papit (1947–50), Terry Kirby (1989–92), Barry Word (1982–85) and Nikki Fisher (1988–91).
Their 325 rushing yards in 2005 were the most by a Virginia fullback in a season since Charles Way totaled 517 yards in 1994, they also led the ACC fullbacks in rushing yards in 2005. Snelling was diagnosed with epilepsy, and the condition caused them to take a medical redshirt their sophomore season and later miss practices and games. Their condition was eventually diagnosed and is now treated by medication. They were unable to talk openly about epilepsy until their senior season at Virginia.
Professional career
They were drafted by the Falcons in the seventh round of the 2007 NFL Draft (244 overall). They made their National Football League debut against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and scored their first professional touchdown against the Arizona Cardinals. They started their first game November 22, 2009 against the New York Giants, rushing for 76 yards and 2 touchdowns on 25 carries, while also catching 3 passes for 13 yards. On January 3, 2010, they rushed 25 times for a career-high 147 yards and added three receptions for 21 yards in a victory against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, helping the Falcons to the first back-to-back winning seasons in the franchise's 44-year history. Snelling was re-signed by the Falcons on April 15, 2010. They finished the 2009 season with 613 yards on 142 carries with 4 rushing touchdowns. They also caught 30 passes for 259 yards and 1 touchdown.
On March 4, 2014, Snelling announced their retirement from the National Football League.
References
External links
Atlanta Falcons bio
1983 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Toms River, New Jersey
People with epilepsy
American football fullbacks
Virginia Cavaliers football players
Atlanta Falcons players
Players of American football from New Jersey
Ed Block Courage Award recipients
The 22nd New Jersey Infantry Regiment was an infantry regiment in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Service
The 22nd New Jersey Infantry Regiment was organized at Trenton, New Jersey for nine-month service and mustered in on September 22, 1862, under the command of Colonel Abraham G. Demarest.
The regiment was attached to Abercrombie's Provisional Brigade, Casey's Division, Defenses of Washington, to December 1862. Patrick's Command, Provost Guard, Army of the Potomac, to January 1863. 3rd Brigade, 1st Division, I Corps, Army of the Potomac, to June 1863.
The 22nd New Jersey Infantry mustered out of service June 22, 1863 at Trenton.
Detailed service
Left New Jersey for Washington, D.C., September 29, 1862. Duty in the defenses of Washington until November 1862. Moved to Aquia Creek, Va., and duty there guarding railroad until January 1863. Moved to Belle Plains and joined the Army of the Potomac January 10, 1863. "Mud March" January 20–24. Duty at Belle Plains until April 27. Chancellorsville Campaign April 27-May 6. Operations at Pollock's Mill Creek April 29-May 2. Battle of Chancellorsville May 2–5. Ordered home for muster out June, reaching Trenton June 22, 1863.
Casualties
The regiment lost a total of 41 men during service; 1 officer and 40 enlisted men died of disease.
Commanders
Colonel Abraham G. Demarest
See also
List of New Jersey Civil War units
New Jersey in the American Civil War
References
Dyer, Frederick H. A Compendium of the War of the Rebellion (Des Moines, IA: Dyer Pub. Co.), 1908.
Attribution
Military units and formations established in 1862
Military units and formations disestablished in 1863
Units and formations of the Union Army from New Jersey
Harold Anthony LeDoux (November 7, 1926 – June 7, 2015) was an American artist best known for their work on the newspaper comic strip Judge Parker. They worked in the realistic style associated with Stan Drake, Leonard Starr, et al.
While in the Merchant Marine during World War II, LeDoux saved enough money to be able to attend the Chicago Academy of Fine Arts. Arriving in New York City, they began contributing to the Famous Funnies comic books.
Judge Parker
They then worked as assistant to artist Dan Heilman on the successful Judge Parker strip just as or shortly after the strip debuted in 1952. Ledoux claimed that "by the last week of September 1953, I had the job of drawing Judge Parker for myself." It may be that they were ghosting for or was supervised by Heilman in a studio arrangement, both common circumstances in comic strip history. In any case, it was not until 1965 that LeDoux was credited as artist on the strip, as Heilman relinquished the title to pursue another project (he died shortly after).
LeDoux officially held the position for over four decades, with their last strip running on May 28, 2006. Comic book artist Eduardo Barreto replaced him.
LeDoux retired in 2006, living in Richardson, Texas. They died in Dallas on June 7, 2015.
Notes
1926 births
2015 deaths
American comic strip cartoonists
People from Richardson, Texas
The table below provides information on the variation of solubility of different substances (mostly inorganic compounds) in water with temperature, at one atmosphere pressure. Units of solubility are given in grams per 100 millilitres of water (g/100 mL), unless shown otherwise. The substances are listed in alphabetical order.
Contents
A
B
C
D and E
F and G
H
I
L
M
N and O
P
R
S
T
U, V, and X
Y
Z
External links
Solubility Database - International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry / National Institute of Standards and Technology
CRC Handbook of Chemistry and Physics - Online resource that includes solubility data (requires subscription)
References
Chemicalc v4.0 - software that includes data on solubility
Learning, Food resources
Kaye and Laby Online
ChemBioFinder.com
Solutions
Chemistry-related lists
Science-related lists
Mariano Medina Isabel (8 July 1922, in Toledo – 28 December 1994, in Madrid) was a Spanish meteorologist and the first "Weatherman" on Spanish television; a position they held for thirty years.
Biography
They earned a degree in Physical-Chemical Science in 1943 and, in 1945, joined the Forecaster's Corps. They served at the San Pablo Airport in Seville. During this time they also taught at a local college.
They began their media career on the radio, presenting the weather forecasts on a popular show called "Cabalgata Fin de Semana" (Weekend Cavalcade) on Cadena SER, Spain's oldest radio network, where they came to be known as "The Weatherman".
They joined Televisión Española when the network began operations in 1956. They soon became the weatherman for Telediario, a position they held until their retirement in 1985.
Publications
El Tiempo es Noticia/Iniciación a la Meteorología (various editions 1964-1994).
La Mar y el Tiempo : Metereología Nautica para Aficionados, Navegacíon Deportiva y Pescadores, Juventud (1974, 1999)
Meteorolgía Básica Sinóptica, Paraninfo (1976)
Teoría de la Predicción Meteorológica, Publicaciones del INM; 1984
La Predicción del Tiempo Basada en Teoremas de la Vorticidad, Publicaciones del INM; 1988
External links
Interview
Spanish meteorologists
Spanish television presenters
1922 births
1994 deaths
Nakonde District is a district of Zambia, located in Muchinga Province. The capital lies at Nakonde. As of the 2000 Zambian Census, the district had a population of 75,135 people.
References
Districts of Muchinga Province
Giselle Swart (born 17 August 1977) is a retired South African tennis player.
Swart won one singles title and three doubles titles on the ITF Circuit during their career. On 15 January 2001, they reached their best singles ranking of world No. 540. On 8 January 2001, they peaked at No. 454 in the doubles rankings.
In 1995, they played for South Africa in the 1995 African Games in Harare, Zimbabwe where they won the bronze medal in women's doubles.
ITF finals
Singles: 2 (1–1)
Doubles: 6 (3–3)
References
External links
1977 births
Living people
African Games bronze medalists for South Africa
African Games medalists in tennis
Competitors at the 1995 All-Africa Games
South African female tennis players
Jean Rolin may refer to:
Jean Rolin (writer), French writer and journalist
Jean Rolin (cardinal), French bishop and cardinal
Jean VI Rolin, their son, French bishop
Master of Jean Rolin II (15th century), anonymous artist
See also
Jean Rollin, French film director, actor, and novelist
The 1st Sarasaviya Awards festival (Sinhala: 1වැනි සරසවිය සම්මාන උලෙළ), presented by the Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Limited, was held to honor the best films of 1961, 1962 and 1963 in Sinhala cinema on May 9, 1964, at the Asoka Cinema, Colombo, Sri Lanka. Senate President Thomas Amarasuriya was the chief guest at the awards night.
The film Gamperaliya won the most awards with nine including Best Film.
Awards
References
Sarasaviya Awards
1964 film awards
Sarasaviya
Sarasaviya
Het Koetshuis Schuttersveld is a defunct restaurant in Enschede, Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in 1987 and retained that rating until 2001.
Owner and head chef Fred Böhnke closed the restaurant in February 2009, after 32 years. They cited the smoking ban and the recession as the reason for their demise of the restaurant. Böhnke followed the advice of their bank and closed the restaurant before going bankrupt.
The restaurant was located in the former coach house (Dutch: Koetshuis) of the villa Schuttersveld, built in 1823. Originally the restaurant was named Het Koetshuis and located at the address "Walstraat 48".
Het Koetshuis Schuttersveld was a member of Alliance Gastronomique Neerlandaise in the period 1991–2006.
See also
List of Michelin starred restaurants in the Netherlands
References
Restaurants in the Netherlands
Michelin Guide starred restaurants in the Netherlands
Defunct restaurants in the Netherlands
The 1879 Amherst football team represented Amherst College during the 1879 college football season. The team beat Williston and lost to Massachusetts.
Schedule
References
Amherst
Amherst Mammoths football seasons
Amherst football
Jay Harris may refer to:
Jay Harris (footballer, born 1987), English footballer
Jay Harris (sportscaster) (born 1965), American journalist
Jay Harris (boxer) (born 1990), Welsh professional boxer
Jay M. Harris, American scholar and Harry Austryn Wolfson Professor of Jewish Studies at Harvard University.
Jay T. Harris (born 1948), African-American journalist
Jay Kennedy Harris (born 1995), Australian rules footballer
See also
Jason Harris (disambiguation)
Hands of Stone is a 2016 American biographical sports film about the career of Panamanian former professional boxer Roberto Durán. It is directed and written by Jonathan Jakubowicz. It stars Édgar Ramírez, Robert De Niro, Usher, Ruben Blades, Pedro "Budu" Pérez, Ellen Barkin, Ana de Armas, Oscar Jaenada and John Turturro. The film premiered at Cannes on May 16, 2016 and
was released on August 26, 2016, by The Weinstein Company.
Plot
Growing up in Panama, Durán is homeschooled by Chaflan, who teaches young Roberto some vital life lessons. Later, Duran joins a boxing club with Nestor "Plomo" Quiñones as their coach.
As they reach 20, an American legendary boxing trainer Ray Arcel, who nearly lost their lives after being attacked by an unknown assailant in 1953 in New York City and is now living with their wife Stephanie, notices Roberto's raw talent and punching power and takes the young fighter under their wing, becoming their coach. Not long after, Durán then meets a student, Felicidad, with whom they later has five children.
After their fights through the 70s and 80s, rising through the divisions with phenomenal success (just one loss) they challenge Sugar Ray Leonard, dubbed as the "Fighter of the Year." However, Durán is disrespectful of Leonard, describing them as a "clown" and confidently predicts a knock out win for himself.
One night, Durán insults Leonard in front of their wife by calling them a "homosexual". The incident frustrates Leonard. Durán's hard feelings for Leonard seem to stem from their resentment of Americans in general, because they recall the ill-treatment meted out by the Americans to the nation of Panama, remembering how American troops took over the country by owning the Panama Canal—leading to conflict between the sides in 1964.
In June 1980 in Montreal, the day of fight between Durán and Leonard; Durán wins via Unanimous decision as a Welterweight Champion (148–147, 145–144, ). After the fight, Leonard states that being insulted is a strategy and calls for a rematch with an $8 million purse. At the house party, Durán is informed by their manager Carlos Eleta and they reluctantly agree to the rematch. Chaflan is killed after being run over by a truck.
In November 1980, Durán and Leonard face at the ring for the second time, this time the venue is in New Orleans. But in the eighth round, Durán gives up by saying "No más" (English: "No more") to the referee, angering the entire Panama community, thus Leonard wins via technical knockout (68–66, 68–66, and ).
Upon returning home in Panama, they face angry protests. Durán tells their wife that they regret letting them down and needs to go back in the ring in order to regain their popularity and the forgiveness of their fans. Due to this incident, Arcel is retired from their training and tells Durán that Plomo will be their coach. In June 1983, New York City, the day of their fight against Davey Moore, Leonard gratefully meets Durán for the first time since the rematch, saying that they forgive Durán. They tell Leonard that they give their apology to their wife. As the fight with Moore goes up to the eighth round, in which Leonard is the commentator, Durán wins the fight via technical knockout and eventually restores their popularity and pride with the people of Panama.
In the film's epilogue, it states that Plomo was in Durán's side for each fight until Plomo's death in 2012; Leonard and Durán remain friends until now; Ray Arcel was the first boxing trainer to be inducted into both the World Boxing Hall of Fame (WBHF) as the International Boxing Hall of Fame (IBHF). They died on March 7, 1994, at the age of 94 after a six-year battle with leukemia.
Cast
Édgar Ramírez as Roberto Durán
Robert De Niro as Ray Arcel
Usher as Sugar Ray Leonard Credited as "Usher Raymond IV".
Oscar Jaenada as Chaflan
Jurnee Smollett-Bell as Juanita Leonard
Ellen Barkin as Stephanie Arcel
Rubén Blades as Carlos Eleta
Pedro Pérez as Plomo Quiñones
Ana de Armas as Felicidad Iglesias
John Turturro as Frankie Carbo
Eliud Kauffman as Margarito Duran
John Duddy as Ken Buchanan
Joe Urla as Angelo Dundee
Reg E. Cathey as Don King (Uncredited)
Production
Production on the film began in December 2013 in Panama. Principal photography was completed in March 2014. The film was dedicated in memory of Stephanie Arcel "your legacy is love".
Release
In May 2015, The Weinstein Company acquired distribution rights to the film, with a 2,000 screen commitment. The film was scheduled to be released on August 26, 2016 in 800 theaters before expanding to 2,500 theaters on Wednesday August 31.
Reception
Box office
Hands of Stone was released on August 26, 2016 and was projected to gross around $2–3 million from 810 theaters in its opening weekend. In its limited opening weekend the film grossed $1.7 million, finishing 16th at the box office. In its second weekend, despite being added to 1,201 theaters, the film grossed just $1.3 million, finishing 20th at the box office.
Critical response
On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 44% based on 106 reviews, with an average rating of 5.34/10. The website's critics consensus reads: "Hands of Stone's strong cast and fascinating real-life story aren't enough to compensate for a crowded narrative and formulaic script." On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 54 out of 100, based on 31 critic reviews, indicating "mixed or average reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "A" on an A+ to F scale.
Owen Gleiberman of Variety magazine wrote: "Gets the job done, but it's hard to escape the feeling that you're watching a routinely conceived, rather generic boxing flick. It's utterly competent, yet it makes Duran's story seem a little so-what?"
References
External links
2016 films
2016 action films
2010s biographical films
2010s sports films
American action films
American biographical films
American boxing films
Films set in the 1960s
Films set in the 1980s
Films set in 1980
Films set in 2002
Films set in the Las Vegas Valley
Films set in Montreal
Films set in New Orleans
Films set in New York City
Films set in Panama
Films shot in Panama
2010s Spanish-language films
Biographical films about sportspeople
The Weinstein Company films
Cultural depictions of boxers
Cultural depictions of Panamanian people
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Urban Jarnik (11 May 1784 – 11 June 1844) was a Carinthian Slovene priest, historian, poet, linguist, author and ethnographer.
They were born in the lower Gail Valley in the Duchy of Carinthia. They served as a parish priest in several villages and towns throughout southern Carinthia, including Klagenfurt and Moosburg, which at the time still had a large Slovene-speaking population. Living among the Slovenian-speaking populations, Jarnik developed an interest in the many Slovenian dialects spoken in the era. They became the first Slovenian dialectologist and ethnographer.
They were co-editor of the bilingual scholarly and cultural journal Carinthia, edited in Klagenfurt. In their numerous articles, they wrote about the customs and rural cultural traditions of the local Slovenes. They also collected and edited several books of Slovenian and Slavic folk songs and tales. They strongly influenced later generations of Slovenian ethnologists, folklore collectors, and philologists who lived or worked in Carinthia, such as Anton Janežič, Matija Majar, Matija Ahacel, and Anton Martin Slomšek.
They died in Moosburg.
See also
Jernej Kopitar
External links
The official page of the Slovenian Ethnographic Institute in Austria
1784 births
1844 deaths
People from Hermagor District
People from the Duchy of Carinthia
Slovenian writers
19th-century Slovenian historians
Slovenian philologists
Ethnographers
19th-century Slovenian Roman Catholic priests
Carinthian Slovenes
Miroslava may refer to:
Miroslava (actor), Mexican actor in the 1950s
Miroslava (film), a 1993 film about the actor
Miroslava of Bulgaria, a daughter of tsar Samuil of Bulgaria
Miroslava, Iași, a commune in Iaşi County, Romania
Miroslava (fly), a genus in family Scathophagidae
Given name
Miroslava Němcová, Czech politician, former speaker of the Chamber of Deputies of the Parliament of the Czech Republic
Mirka Federer, birth name Miroslava Vavrinec, wife and manager of Roger Federer
Miroslava Jánošíková (born 1969), Czech Olympic judoka
Miroslava Jaškovská, Czech cross-country skier
See also
Miroslav (disambiguation)
Russian feminine given names
TUKO.co.ke is a Kenyan online newspaper and entertainment website that features aggregated, exclusive and users' generated news content.
History and character
Founded in 2014, TUKO.co.ke has its headquarters in Nairobi and is a partner of Genesis Media global consumer Internet company which also cooperates with Legit.ng (in Nigeria), Briefly (in SouthAfrica) and YEN.com.gh (in Ghana) .
The site features a selection of "trending local news, viral content and entertainment" with which it attracts a number of readers across the country who don't have the patience for traditional news outlets.
Meaning of name
The name "TUKO" is translated from Swahili language as "we are here", or " we are there" or simply "We are", at least according to The Guide Kenya.
Popularity
In January 2017 TUKO.co.ke became the number one news and entertainment website barely two years after being set up, beating Nation and Standard Media Group.
As of October 2017, TUKO.co.ke has more than 1.7 million website users. Currently the website's Facebook community is almost 6 million fans. The website TUKO.co.ke has more than 20 categories of news which helps to attract diverse audience.
TUKO.co.ke also exists on Android applications.
References
Kenyan news websites
Internet properties established in 2015
2015 establishments in Kenya
Wir, WIR or WiR may also refer to:
Organisations
WIR Bank, a complementary currency system in Switzerland
Washington and Idaho Railway
West India Regiments, a colonial regiment of the British Army
Wolność i Równość, a Polish political party
Workers International Relief, organization of famine relief and propaganda agencies established by the Comintern
Arts and entertainment
We (novel), a 1921 novel (Russian: Мы; German: Wir) by Yevgeny Zamyatin
Wir (film), a 1982 German film adaptation of the novel We (Russian: Мы; German: Wir; English: We) by Yevgeny Zamyatin
Wreck-It Ralph, a Disney movie
Other uses
Wikipedian in residence, a Wikipedia editor who accepts a placement with an institution
Wir, Masovian Voivodeship, a village in Poland
Wire (band), a British punk group that called itself Wir for one album
Women in Red, a volunteer project which focuses on creating new Wikipedia articles about women
Women in Refrigerators, a common comic book trope
See also
VIR (disambiguation)
Haplobainosomatidae is a family of millipedes belonging to the order Chordeumatida. Adult millipedes in this family have 30 segments (counting the collum as the first segment and the telson as the last).
Genera:
Aragosoma Mauries, 1970
Cantabrosoma Mauriès, 1970
Galicisoma Mauriès, 2014
Guadarramasoma Gilgado, Ledesma, Enghoff & Mauriès, 2017
Haplobainosoma Verhoeff, 1899
Pyreneosoma Mauriès, 1959
Turdulisoma Mauriès, 1964
References
Chordeumatida
The Anne Fontaine Foundation is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization created in 2011 by the Franco-Brazilian fashion designer Anne Fontaine. Based in New York City, it "aims to encourage reforestation and to concentrate its financial resources specifically on the protection of the Atlantic Rainforest in Brazil".
Founder
Anne Fontaine was born and raised in Rio de Janeiro. They moved to France when they were 18, where they designed their first collection of white shirts for women in 1993. They founded their brand Anne Fontaine with their husband Ari Zlotkin, and opened their first store in Paris in 1994. The company now has storefronts in several countries. Them personal experience of living with the Canela tribe in the Amazon rainforest inspired their commitment to the conservation of the environment conservation of the environment. In 2011, Fontaine created their own foundation in New York for the protection of rainforests.
Mission
The Anne Fontaine Foundation is dedicated to raising environmental awareness and to encouraging reforestation activities, mostly located in the Brazilian Atlantic Forest (Mata Atlântica). To do so, the Anne Fontaine Foundation supports reforestation programs implemented in Brazil by local non-governmental organizations (NGOs), and to which local communities are associated.
In order to raise funds and environmental awareness, the Anne Fontaine Foundation organizes artistic events and invites artists inspired by nature themes to collaborate. The foundation is promoting also environmental awareness through workshops and artistic contests organized in local communities and schools. In 2013, 2014 and 2016, the Foundation held three photographs exhibitions at Sotheby's, entitled Trees in Focus, two at Sotheby's New York (2013 and 2016) and one at Sotheby's Paris.
Projects and partnerships
The Foundation has established long-term partnerships with three local NGOs in Brazil that are committed to implement reforestation programs. The Instituto Floresta Viva, the Instituto Terra and the APNE are based in Bahia, Minas Gerais and the state of Pernambuco, in regions highly threatened by deforestation. The Foundation has supported the plantation of 40,000 seedlings so far.
Educative initiatives
The Anne Fontaine Foundation aims at educating children about the importance of the rainforest and the ways to protect it.
Each year the foundation organizes art contests "Naturart", in Brazilian schools from kindergarten to 8th grade. In the poorest communities of Rio de Janeiro, the Anne Fontaine Foundation partners with the Planeta Ginga Festival and the Rio Botanical Garden in order to organize a workshop "Mata Atlantica". During two days, children have the opportunity to learn more about the Mata Atlantica, and to plant seedlings on the slopes of the favela.
Artistic initiatives and fundraising
Trees in Focus
Since 2013, the Anne Fontaine Foundation has organized a charity auction of tree photographs, Trees in Focus, to the benefit of the Foundation.
The 2016 edition featured photographers like Sebastião Salgado, Michael Kenna, Sarah Moon, Antoine Verglas, Claudia Jaguaribe, Pamela Hanson, André Rau and many others, that have been supporting the foundation since the first edition. Among the photographers who joined the 2016 edition are Andrew Moore, Beth Moon from the US, Vincent Rosenblatt, Julia Kater, Valdir Cruz, Oskar Metsavaht, from Brazil and Christophe d'Yvoire from France.
The Forest Day
Every year, Anne Fontaine dedicates one day to the protection of the forests. That day, 50% of the sales in the Anne Fontaine stores worldwide are donated to the Anne Fontaine Foundation.
References
External links
Anne Fontaine Foundation
Anne Fontaine
Instituto Floresta Viva
Instituto Terra
APNE
Nature conservation organizations based in the United States
Whist (foaled 1908 in Kentucky) was a Thoroughbred race horse bred and raced by August Belmont Jr. The colt came to prime racing age at a turbulent time in American racing and as such is best known for their win in the 1911 Hamilton Derby in Ontario, Canada in which they defeated both the Kentucky Derby winner Meridian and the runner-up, Governor Gray.
As a two-year-old competing in the United States in 1910, Whist's best performance in a stakes race was a second to Stinger in the Pimlico Nursery Stakes.
As a three-year-old, Whist faced a shortage of races in which to compete as a result of the 1911 shutdown of all racetracks in New York State induced by the 1908 enactment of the Hart–Agnew anti-betting legislation. As a consequence, many American owners began sending horses to compete in Canada where stall space would soon be in short supply. Prior to winning the Hamilton Derby, trainer John Whalen had shipped the Belmont stable to Blue Bonnets Raceway in Montreal where Whist set a new Canadian record of 1:38 flat in winning a one-mile race on dirt.
Whilst's racing career ended with their unexpected death later in 1911.
References
1908 racehorse births
1911 racehorse deaths
American racehorses
Racehorses bred in Kentucky
Racehorses trained in the United States
Thoroughbred family 4
Belmont family
Helgafell (, "holy mountain") is an inactive 227-metre-high volcanic cone located on the island of Heimaey in the Vestmannaeyjar archipelago in Iceland.
The Stórhöfði peninsula immediately to the south of Helgafell in what is now southern Heimaey formed about 6000 years ago, with Helgafell forming from a secondary eruption a thousand years later. Immediately north of Helgafell is the active volcano Eldfell, which last erupted January 23, 1973.
Helgafell is a dormant cone volcano, although it is considered likely that it will erupt again in the future.
References
Volcanoes of Iceland
Mountains of Iceland
Dormant volcanoes
Vestmannaeyjar
Anna Medora Baetjer (July 7, 1899 – February 21, 1984) was an American physiologist and toxicologist, known for their research into the health effects of industrial work on women and for their discovery of the carcinogenic properties of chromium.
Early life
Anna Baetjer was born in Baltimore, Maryland on July 7, 1899. In 1920, they graduated from Wellesley College, receiving a B.A. in English literature and zoology. Following their graduation, they returned to Baltimore to study at Johns Hopkins University, receiving their Sc.D. from the university's Johns Hopkins School of Hygiene and Public Health in 1924.
In 1924, Baetjer joined the faculty of the School of Hygiene and Public Health, becoming an instructor in the Department of Physiological Hygiene. They became a research associate at the department in 1927.
Baetjer's early research focused on the effects of altitude and temperature on physiology. Prompted by concerns of increased lead poisoning among Baltimore children during the summer months, Baetjer conducted a study that demonstrated a link between high temperature and humidity and slower toxin excretion.
In 1931, the Department of Physiological Hygiene lost its chief advocate with the retirement of William Henry Howell, a Physiological Hygiene professor who had served as the director of the School of Hygiene and Public Health. Over the next several years, the other faculty in the department departed or were fired, and in 1935, the department was finally merged into the Department of Chemical Hygiene. For the next 15 years, Baetjer would remain the only faculty member for Physiological Hygiene.
World War II
In 1942, the Surgeon General of the United States Army established the Industrial Hygiene Laboratory at the School of Hygiene and Public Health. Working at the laboratory, Baetjer studied the impact of military industrial work on women's health and the effects of physiological and sociological factors on women's job performance. As a result of their research, Baetjer proposed a number of changes, including adjusting industrial machinery so that it could be safely operated by women, limiting women to working to six days per week and adjusting their work schedules to take household responsibilities into account, and educating women on safe ways to lift and carry heavy loads.
In 1944, the War Department issued a set of policies on pregnancy and civilian workers based on Baetjer's recommendations. The policies limited work assigned to pregnant women, prohibited work assignments that posed a threat to the health of pregnant women; and protected women's seniority and job security during pregnancy.
In 1946, Baetjer published the book Women in Industry: Their Health and Efficiency containing the results of their research.
Cancer research
During the 1940s, Baetjer began to investigate the incidence of cancer in a Baltimore chromium plant and waste pile. Following a number of studies, Baetjer demonstrated a direct link between chromium exposure and cancer. They subsequently worked with the World Health Organization to establish standards for industrial chromium use.
Later career
Following the war, Baetjer continued their work at the School of Hygiene and Public Health, becoming an assistant professor in 1945, an associate professor in 1952, a professor in 1962, and a professor emerita in 1972. They were elected president of the American Industrial Hygiene Association in 1954.
From 1966 to 1970, Baetjer served on a committee organized by the Food and Drug Administration to study pesticide residues. In 1974, they demonstrated that exposure to inorganic arsenic led to increased cancer risk for workers at pesticide plants.
Baetjer served as an advisor to the National Research Council, the Environmental Protection Agency, the Army Environmental Hygiene Agency, and the Office of the Surgeon General. They received the Kehoe Award of the American Academy of Occupational Medicine in 1974 and the Stokinger Award of the American Conference of Governmental Industrial Hygienists in 1980.
In 1985, Johns Hopkins University established the Anna M. Baetjer Chair in Environmental Health Sciences.
Selected publications
References
1899 births
1984 deaths
American physiologists
Johns Hopkins University alumni
Johns Hopkins University faculty
Wellesley College alumni
Women physiologists
Scientists from Baltimore
20th-century American women scientists
20th-century American scientists
American women academics
Arnell Engstrom (1897-1970) was an American business person and politician. They were the co-owner of the Engstrom-Hicks Insurance Agency. They served as a Republican member of the Michigan House of Representatives from 1940 to 1968.
References
1897 births
1970 deaths
People from Traverse City, Michigan
Businesspeople from Michigan
American businesspeople in insurance
Members of the Michigan House of Representatives
Michigan Republicans
20th-century American politicians
20th-century American businesspeople
Odyssey Magazine is a South African holistic lifestyle and wellness magazine launched 7 July 1977.
Our Vision is to publish content to nourish, uplift and inspire, exploring all aspects of holistic and conscious living, the joy of living authentically, integrative approaches of complementary healing, spirituality, metaphysics, the intuitive arts and our integral connection with nature, planetary wellbeing and the mysteries beyond. And to create a phenomenal advertising platform for our advertisers.
Passion
Doing what we love in the place we choose to be.
Authenticity
Delivering from the heart; to be the magazine we would want to read.
Collaboration
Collaborating to produce exceptional content; content is key.
Community
Connecting with all of you is the best thing about our business.
Founded on 7.7.1977 we are the foremost, long-standing holistic and conscious living magazine in South Africa. Odyssey Magazine has been dedicated to holistic and conscious living for over four decades.
Our commitment is to publish four print editions annually to coincide with the seasons. Print editions are also available as a digital flipbook and as mobile and smartphone-enabled online magazine. – www.odysseymagazine.co.za
We are dedicated to publishing open-minded and enlightening content to nourish and inspire without fear or favour.
Our History
Odyssey Magazine is in its 45th year. Once a journal for like-minded souls, it has matured into the primary and only quarterly holistic and conscious lifestyle print magazine in Southern Africa with both digital and mobile enabled version for both local and international readers. Contributors and advertisers.
Jill Iggulden Stevens, who established Odyssey Magazine in 1977, handed over the baton to daughter-in-law Debra (Stevens) Robins, Editor, on 23.11.2018 in Cape Town, following the purchase of Odyssey Magazine from Chris and Silke Erasmus who had nurtured this beautiful publication for 18 years.
The inspiration for Odyssey Magazine came to Jill in February 1977 while they were putting together the Maryland Reader, a 16-page booklet for learners who had just learnt to read through the Lubach ‘Each-One-Teach-One' literacy training programme. Jill had so enjoyed this project, in which they were able to inspire other teachers to write articles to motivate the newly literate readers, that Jill pondered the prospects of bringing out a magazine. On July 7 that year, their dream of having a conscious living magazine was realised:“I thought how wonderful it would be… a magazine with articles on religious philosophy, a new approach to education, alternative technology, parapsychology, holistic healing and the inter-relationship between thought and manifestation,” remembered Jill. They went on to say: “It seems like yesterday that Gerald Moskovitz and I emerged from the premises of Associated Press carrying our first few copies of Odyssey Magazine, literally hot off the press. The bulk of the 5 000 print copies ordered would be delivered to CNA's warehouse manager at Buitengacht Street and the rest would be distributed by Mossie, on foot, to their established distribution network.”Seven years later, a healthy and well-established publication was handed over to a new team – Rose de la Hunt and Jean Mitchell; Rose with a 10-year tenure as a counselling director at Lifeline, decided to take the leap of faith.
Rose's 17 years as editor of Odyssey coincided with a period of enormous growth and change in the world of spiritual ideas and experience. Rose described it as “truly a time of the ‘rebirth' of the sacred” and during their tenure Odyssey was the only magazine of its kind in South Africa. In 2001 the magazine was taken over by Chris and Silke Erasmus following a deterioration in Rose's health.
Before their passing to spirit, Rose wrote:“For me those 17 years were incredibly rich and fulfilling, though I worked extremely long hours, the deadlines were relentless and things were not always easy. I really loved my work. And I felt blessed by the opportunities it brought me to meet many great and beautiful souls, visiting luminaries and ‘forerunners' of a new kind of spirituality.”In 2004, Namaste Magazine merged with Odyssey Magazine and they teamed up to become one. Namaste's aim was to empower individuals to take full responsibility for their own lives – on every level – physical, emotional, mental and spiritual – a vision that is still infused in Odyssey magazine today. Following the incorporation of Namaste into Odyssey Magazine and the opening of a Johannesburg office, Odyssey grew rapidly between 2005 and 2007. In 2007, rather than publish monthly, a collective decision was made to retain Odyssey as a bi-monthly publication. In late 2008, Simply Green was launched and Odyssey reached its all-time circulation high of over 18 000, with a print readership roughly 10 times that number.
Silke Erasmus shared their experiences with us, stating:“the global downturn of 2008-09 hit Odyssey magazine and its sibling as severely as any other print publication, but both ultimately rode out the storm. Emerging stronger. With fewer competitors and Simply Green having won an eco-journalism award in 2010, Odyssey and its sister magazine were actively at the forefront of making the move to digital media consumption. In early 2013, both launched full time into digital. Whilst difficult and challenging, as well as requiring a whole range of new skills, the move proved to be almost immediately and dramatically successful in terms of producing highly readable and free digital publications. Issue 5 of December 2013 achieved a remarkable reach of over 366 000 reads and impressions within 30 days of going live and ultimately achieved in excess of 450 000.”Odyssey has maintained its place steadfastly with many long-time loyal readers. As it moves into its fourth set of caring hands, the publication, now one of South Africa's longest-standing magazines, continues its legacy of consciousness-raising content aimed at the self-empowerment of all.
References
External links
Odyssey Magazine
1977 establishments in South Africa
2013 disestablishments in South Africa
Defunct magazines published in South Africa
Lifestyle magazines
Magazines established in 1977
Magazines disestablished in 2013
Online magazines with defunct print editions
Magazines published in South Africa
Nirthasala is a 1972 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by A. B. Raj and produced by Sobhana Parameswaran Nair. The film stars Prem Nazir, Jayabharathi, Innocent and Adoor Bhasi in the lead roles. The film had musical score by V. Dakshinamoorthy.
Cast
Prem Nazir Magician Prof. Rajendran
Jayabharathi as Priyamvadha
Innocent as News Reporter
Adoor Bhasi as Pachu Pilla
Jose Prakash as Dhayanandhan
Prema
Sankaradi as Shekara Panikkar
Raghavan
T. S. Muthaiah as Govindha Panikkar
Abbas
G. K. Pillai as Vamban Velayudhan
Jayakumari
K. P. Ummer as Jayadevan
Kanakadurga
Kavitha
Mathew Plathottam
Pala Thankam
Radhamani
Seema as Magician's Assistant
Sumithra
Jayshree T.
Soundtrack
The music was composed by V. Dakshinamoorthy with lyrics by Sreekumaran Thampi and P. Bhaskaran.
References
External links
1972 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Cyardium malaccense is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1968. It is known from Malaysia.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1968
Aphrissa fluminensis, the Rio de Janeiro sulphur, is a butterfly in the family Pieridae. It is found in Costa Rica, Brazil (Rio de Janeiro, Amazonas), and Peru.
References
Coliadinae
Butterflies of Central America
Pieridae of South America
Lepidoptera of Brazil
Fauna of the Amazon
Butterflies described in 1921
Mark McEwan is an American-born Canadian celebrity chef based in Toronto, Ontario.
They were head judge on Food Network Canada's Top Chef Canada. McEwan had their own television show on Food Network Canada entitled The Heat, which followed their catering team from North 44 Caters as they served the influential and elite.
Since 1990, Mark has been an ambassador for Second Harvest in Toronto, helping to spread the word about food rescue and hunger relief. They also have partnered with the Sunnybrook Foundation and sits on the board of their alma mater, with George Brown Foundation.
Career
McEwan was born and raised in Buffalo, New York. McEwan's first restaurant job was as a dishwasher in Buffalo at Mindy's Wine Cellar, making $1.60 an hour. McEwan graduated from George Brown College in 1979. In 1981, McEwan was hired by the Sutton Place Hotel in Toronto as executive sous chef. Two years later they were promoted to chef. They opened their first restaurant, North 44, in 1990.
Around 2002, they opened Bymark restaurant in the Financial District, Toronto. In August 2007, McEwan opened ONE at the Hazelton Hotel, a luxury hotel in Yorkville, Toronto. In 2010, McEwan opened Fabbrica, an Italian restaurant, at Shops at Don Mills. In June 2009, McEwan opened a $6 million, gourmet food supermarket "McEwan" at Shops at Don Mills. In July 2015, McEwan opened a second 6,000 square foot location in the PATH at the TD Centre. In 2012, McEwan was commissioned by US-based OTG Management to aid in the opening of two restaurants, Fetta Panini Bar and Heirloom Bakery Café, in Toronto Pearson International Airport, consulting on their opening menus. McEwan, their grocery store, also creates "grab-and-go" items such as sandwiches, salads, snack boxes, and meals that are sold throughout the airport at 10 different kiosks.
McEwan's first book, Great Food at Home, was published in early 2011 and their second book Rustic Italian is based on the recipes from Fabbrica. McEwan teamed up with Jascor/Fresco in 2011 to brand a set of cookware that is now sold on the Shopping Channel and Hudson's Bay across Canada.
Restaurants
Active
Bymark (2008–present), 66 Wellington Street W, Toronto, Ontario, Canada
Fabbrica TD Centre (2018–present), 66 Wellington Street W, Toronto, Ontario, Canada
Closed or inactive
ONE Restaurant (2007–2022), Hazelton Hotel, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, however as of 2022 McEwan is no longer a partner
Fabbrica (2010–2020), 49 Karl Fraser Road, Toronto, Ontario, Canada
North 44 (1990–2018), 2537 Yonge Street, Toronto, Ontario, Canada
McEwan Fine Foods (2019–2021), specialty grocery store, Toronto, Ontario, Canada
Filmography
Television appearances
The Heat with Mark McEwan - host
Superstar Chef Challenge - judge
Top Chef Canada - head judge
Wall of Chefs - judge
Chef to Chef
References
External links
Bymark Restaurant
FABBRICA Restaurant
Mark McEwan at the Chef and Restaurant Database
1957 births
Living people
Canadian television chefs
Canadian restaurateurs
Canadian infotainers
Businesspeople from Buffalo, New York
Businesspeople from Toronto
George Brown College alumni
Canadian cookbook writers
Writers from Buffalo, New York
Writers from Toronto
Canadian male chefs
American emigrants to Canada
Hinkletown was a small town in Keokuk County, Iowa during the nineteenth century.
History
Hinkletown was founded in 1858 by Harmon Hinkle who moved from Richmond, Iowa. By 1863, there was a post office, a black smith shop, a schoolhouse, and two lodges. In 1872, the railroad bypassed the town to the south and many residents moved to the new town of Keota, Iowa. Then in 1879, a railroad bypassed Hinkletown despite the efforts of the townspeople to bring it to Hinkletown. The remaining residents soon moved to Kinross, Iowa, Parnell, Iowa, and Green Valley (an area lying east of North English, Iowa).
References
Geography of Keokuk County, Iowa
Ghost towns in Iowa
1858 establishments in Iowa
St. Julian Devine (July 5, 1911 – April 27, 2000) was an American politician from Charleston, South Carolina. Devine served on the Charleston City Council from 1967 to 1975, making them the first African American member on the council since Reconstruction. They also served as Mayor Pro Tem in 1975.
Biography
Devine moved to Charleston as a child. Their father, Paul Devine, was a political activist during Reconstruction. In 1924, St. Julian Devine joined the Marcus Garvey movement, a movement seeking to promote freedom for African Americans. They would go on to own several businesses including a moving company. Devine was readily active in civic life in the African American community of Charleston, participating in organizations such as the local NAACP chapter.
In 1967, Devine ran for a seat on the city council. They received the endorsement of Mayor J. Palmer Gaillard Jr. who had previously promised to endorse an African American candidate. Devine's campaign was assisted by a young Jim Clyburn who came up with the slogan "Devine for Ward Nine." Clyburn credited the Devine campaign as the reason they got into elective politics.
St. Julian Devine Community Center
The City of Charleston's old trash incinerator was converted into the St. Julian Devine Community Center which now serves the local neighborhood. In 2015, the Charleston Parks Conservancy announced plans to renovate the park. Renovations are ongoing. Abruptly in August 2020, the city of Charleston announced plans to demolish the remaining smoke stacks from the trash incinerator, citing a report which stated that they were unstable. The city reversed course the next month. It has since budgeted $700,000 to restore the smokestacks out of an expected cost of $3 million.
References
1911 births
2000 deaths
People from Berkeley County, South Carolina
Politicians from Charleston, South Carolina
South Carolina city council members
20th-century American politicians
William Gordon Legge (January 20, 1913 – January 13, 1999) was an Anglican priest and bishop in Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada. They were the first bishop of the Diocese of Western Newfoundland, serving from 1976 to 1978.
They were ordained as a priest in 1938. After a curacy at Channel they held incumbencies at Botwood and Bell Island. They were Archdeacon of Avalon from 1955 to 1968 when they became a suffragan bishop.
References
1913 births
1999 deaths
Anglican bishops of Newfoundland
Anglican bishops of Western Newfoundland
20th-century Anglican Church of Canada bishops
Joint Task Force Liberia was a joint task force formed from August to October 2003 in response to the crisis that developed during the Second Liberian Civil War. The ongoing civil war destabilized the area and created a large number of refugees as rebel forces closed in on Monrovia and took over Bushrod Island. As a result, the Freeport of Monrovia closed, causing food shortages.
As the crisis unfolded, U.S. Ambassador to Liberia John W. Blaney requested military assistance. U.S. Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld approved deployment of U.S. forces on July 20, 2003 and soon afterwards, the United States armed forces established Joint Task Force Liberia.
Formation and deployment of the task force
In 2003, the 56th Rescue Squadron of the 85th Group, U.S. Air Force, from Keflavik, Iceland, deployed to Liberia as part of JTF-Liberia. It saved lives by extracting people from the United States Embassy in Monrovia.
In July, Marines from a forward deployed Fleet Antiterrorism Security Team (FAST) left Naval Station Rota, Spain for Liberia. The FAST platoon reinforced the embassy security and began non-combatant evacuation operations. After a month of the platoon of Marines being alone to defend the Embassy Compound, the 26th MEU, which had steamed at full speed for 2 weeks from the Horn of Africa finally arrived off shore.
Members of the Southern European Task Force formed the headquarters element of the task force while the Iwo Jima Amphibious Ready Group with the 26th Marine Expeditionary Unit provided the operational forces. The Task Force Command Element Forward embarked aboard the USS Iwo Jima (LHD-7) with the intent of keeping a small footprint ashore.
On August 14, 2003, the Iwo Jima Amphibious Ready Group conducted an amphibious operation and landed about 150 Marines at Roberts International Airport and another 50 at the Freeport of Monrovia on Bushrod Island. Nigerian Army forces also deployed as part of an ECOMIL, an Economic Community of West African States temporary intervention force. The Joint Task Force Liberia and ECOWAS forces began to stabilize the area and the United Nations brought in humanitarian aid.
President Charles Taylor left the country soon afterwards under pressure from the international community, and the stage was set for the arrival of first an ECOWAS interim peacekeeping force, ECOMIL, and then the UN peacekeeping force the United Nations Mission in Liberia.
Notes
Further reading
Colonel Blair A. Ross (U.S. Army), 'The U.S. Joint Task Force Experience in Liberia,' Military Review, May–June 2005, p. 60-67. at https://web.archive.org/web/20121119101218/http://usacac.leavenworth.army.mil/CAC/milreview/download/English/MayJun05/ross.pdf
Geraci (2005). Expert Knowledge in a Joint Task Force Headquarters. JFQ. at http://www.dtic.mil/doctrine/jel/jfq_pubs/1238.pdf
Naval Peacekeeping and Humanitarian Operations: Stability from the Sea, chapter note 26, pp. 167–168
Joint task forces of the United States Armed Forces
Military units and formations established in 2003
History of Liberia
The Right to Information (RTI) is an act of the Parliament of India which sets out the rules and procedures regarding citizens' right to information. It replaced the former Freedom of Information Act, 2002. Under the provisions of RTI Act, any citizen of India may request information from a "public authority" (a body of Government or "instrumentality of State") which is required to reply expeditiously or within thirty days. In case of matter involving a petitioner's life and liberty, the information has to be provided within 48 hours. The Act also requires every public authority to computerize their records for wide dissemination and to proactively publish certain categories of information so that the citizens need minimum recourse to request for information formally.
The RTI Bill was passed by Parliament of India on 15 June 2005 and came into force with effect from 12 October 2005. Every day on an average, over 4800 RTI applications are filed. In the first ten years of the commencement of the act, over 17,500,000 applications had been filed.
Although Right to Information is not included as a Fundamental Right in the Constitution of India, it protects the fundamental rights to Freedom of Expression and Speech under Article 19(1)(a) and Right to Life and Personal Liberty under Article 21 guaranteed by the Constitution. The authorities under RTI Act 2005 are called public authorities. The Public Information Officer (PIO) or the First Appellate Authority in the public authorities perform quasi judicial function of deciding on the application and appeal respectively. This act was enacted in order to consolidate the fundamental right in the Indian constitution 'freedom of speech'. Since RTI is implicit in the Right to Freedom of Speech and Expression under Article 19 of the Indian Constitution, it is an implied fundamental right.
Information disclosure in India had traditionally been restricted by the Official Secrets Act 1923 and various other special laws, which the new RTI Act overrides. Right to Information codifies a fundamental right of the citizens of India. RTI has proven to be very useful, but is counteracted by the Whistle Blowers Protection Act, 2011.
The Right to Information (Amendment) Bill, 2019, seeks to amend Sections 13, 16, and 27 of the RTI Act. Section 13 of the original Act: It sets the term of the central Chief Information Commissioner and Information Commissioners at five years (or until the age of 65, whichever is earlier).
Finally in Ashwanee K. Singh's case on 20 September 2020, it is stabilised that right to information is a fundamental right.
Scope
The Act extends to the whole of India. It covers all the constitutional authorities, including executive, legislature and judiciary; any institution or body established or constituted by an act of Parliament or a state legislature. It is also defined in the Act that bodies or authorities established or constituted by order or notification of appropriate government including bodies "owned, controlled or substantially financed" by government, or non-Government organizations "substantially financed, directly or indirectly by funds".
Private bodies
Private bodies are not within the act's In a decision of Sarbjit Roy vs Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission, the Central Information Commission also reaffirmed that privatised public utility companies fall within the purview of RTI. As of 2014, private institutions and NGOs receiving over 95% of their infrastructure funds from the government come under the Act.
Political parties
The Central Information Commission (CIC) held that the political parties are public authorities and are answerable to citizens under the RTI Act. The CIC said that eight national parties - Congress, BJP, NCP, CPI(M), CPI, BSP, NPP and AITC - has been substantially funded indirectly by the Central Government and have the character of public authorities under the RTI Act as they perform public functions. But in August 2013 the government introduced a Right To Information (Amendment) Bill which would remove political parties from the scope of the law. Currently no parties are under the RTI Act and a case has been filed for bringing all political parties under it.
Amendment
The Right to Information Act 2019 passed on July 25, 2019 modified the terms and conditions of service of the CIC and Information Commissioners at the centre and in states. It had been criticized as watering down the independence of the information commissions.
Supreme Court judgement
Supreme Court of India on 13 November 2019, upheld the decision of the Delhi High Court bringing the office of Chief Justice of India under the purview of the Right to Information (RTI) Act.
Governance and process
The Right to information in India is governed by two major bodies:
Central Information Commission (CIC) – Chief Information commissioner who heads all the central departments and ministries- with their own public Information officers (PIO)s. CICs are directly under the President of India.
State Information Commissions – State Public Information Officers or SPIOs head over all the state department and ministries. The SPIO office is directly under the corresponding State Governor.
State and Central Information Commissions are independent bodies and Central Information Commission has no jurisdiction over the State Information Commission.
Fees
A citizen who desires to seek some information from a public authority is required to send, along with the application (a Postal order or DD (Demand draft) or a bankers cheque) or a court stamp payable to the Accounts Officer of the public authority as fee prescribed for seeking information. If the person is from a disadvantaged community, he/she need not pay. The applicant may also be required to pay further fee towards the cost of providing the information, details of which shall be intimated to the applicant by the PIO (Public Information Officer) as prescribed by the RTI ACT.
Digital right to information systems
A digital portal has been set up, RTI Portal, a gateway to the citizens for quick search of information on the details of first Appellate Authorities, PIOs etc. amongst others, besides access to RTI related information disclosures published on the web by various Public Authorities under the government of India as well as the State Governments. It is an initiative taken by Department of Personnel and Training, Ministry of Personnel, Public Grievances and Pensions.
Controversies
The Right to information in India has been mired with controversies ranging from their use in political battles, asking for educational degrees of political rivals, or cases of blatant refusals to provide information on high-profile projects to allegations of misuse by civil society. The backlash against RTI by the state hampered the citizen's right to know.
Attacks on RTI activists and protection suggestions
Commonwealth Human Rights Initiative (CHRI) data points to over 310 cases across India where people were either attacked, physically or mentally harassed or had their property damaged because of the information they sought under RTI. The data throws up over 50 alleged murders and two suicides that were directly linked with RTI applications filed. R.T.I. Act 2005 applies to both central and state governments. It also covers the acts and functionaries of the public authorities.
There is a consensus felt that there is a need to amend the RTI Act to provide for the protection of those seeking information under the Act. The Asian Centre for Human Rights recommends that a separate chapter, "Protection of those seeking information under the (RTI) Act", be inserted into the Act.
Protection measures suggested include:
Mandatory, immediate registration of complaints of threats or attacks against RTI activists on the First Information Report and placing such FIRs before the magistrate or judge of the area within 24 hours for issuance of directions for protection of those under threats and their family members, and periodic review of such protection measures
Conducting inquiry into threats or attacks by a police officer not below the rank of Deputy Superintendent of Police/Assistant Commissioner of Police to be concluded within 90 days and we also use RTI and get its benefit.
Intellectual property rights
Many civil society members have recently alleged the subversion of the right to information Act by the invocation of Intellectual Property rights argument by the government agencies from time to time.
Most notable are:
The Right to Information denied by RBI on Demonetization citing Intellectual Property Laws.
The Right to Information Denied by Uttar Pradesh Irrigation Department after more than 8 months of a wait on under construction Gomti Riverfront Development Project. A group of researchers requested for environment Impact and Project Report on the project which is flagged for negative impacts, tax money wastage by environmental scientists and research reports.
Banned people from filing RTI
Gujarat State Information Commission banned 10 people from filing RTI queries, citing that these people were "harassing government officials" by filing multiple queries. There are no provisions under which Commissions can ban people from filing RTIs. That's why the ban was criticized as “wholly unconstitutional”.
Debates
Rejection of RTIs
Scholars argue that the Right to Information Act's original intent to make government transparent and accountable is faltering as RTI requests are rejected and the bureaucratic systems are bogged down by millions of requests.
Many RTIs are rejected because the bureaucratic requirements (including the technocratic language used) of filing are too onerous and legalistic for ordinary citizens. Sixty percent of the RTI appeals made to Information Commissioners in Delhi are rejected for a variety of reasons, including that appeals are not typed or not written in English, or lack an index of the papers attached or a list of date. This bureaucratic barrier, worse for those without access to higher education or information, makes the right to information inaccessible. Many citizens have to seek out NGOs, RTI activists, or lawyers, to file their RTIs.
The Indian Express reported on August 10, 2022 that the Gujarat Information Commission (GIC) has blacklisted and barred at least nine applicants from filing applications under the RTI Act in the past two years.
Benefits
Many activists view the Right to Information Act as a final liberation from British colonialism; they describe the RTI law as “a tool for empowering ordinary citizens and changing the culture of governance by making it transparent, less corrupt, participatory, and accountable". They also note that RTI requests provide strategy and substance for activists on a broad range of social issues, including "land and environmental rights, social security benefits, the working of financial institutions, political party financing reform, civic infrastructure, and even public-private partnerships”.
Exempted organisations
As per section 24 of the Act, intelligence and security organisations, both central and state, are exempted from the RTI Act except in cases of corruption or human rights violation. Such central organisations are listed in schedule 2 of the Act. The schedule has been amended four times, in September 2005, March 2008, October 2008 and May 2021.
Intelligence Bureau
Research and Analysis Wing including its technical wing, Aviation Research Centre
Directorate of Revenue Intelligence
Central Economic Intelligence Bureau
Directorate of Enforcement
Narcotics Control Bureau
Special Frontier Force
Border Security Force
Central Reserve Police Force
Indo-Tibetan Border Police
Central Industrial Security Force
National Security Guard
Assam Rifles
Sashastra Seema Bal
Directorate General of Income-tax (Investigation)
National Technical Research Organisation
Financial Intelligence Unit, India
Special Protection Group
Defence Research and Development Organisation
Border Roads Organisation
National Security Council Secretariat (secretariat of the National Security Council, in the Cabinet Secretariat)
See also
Attacks on RTI activists in India
National Data Sharing and Accessibility Policy – Government of India
Notes
References
External links
Right To Information Ministry Websites and their RTI links Search
Complete text of the Right to Information Act
ONLINE RTI
CIC - The Central Information Commission is empowered to decide complaints and appeals arising from use of the Right to Information Act, 2005.
CIC Online - New website of the Central Information Commission for filing complaints and appeals arising from use of the Right to Information Act, 2005.
DoPT - The Department of Personnel and Training, Ministry of Personnel, Public Grievances, and Pensions, is charged with being the nodal agency for the Right to Information Act, 2005. It has the powers to make rules regarding appeals, fees, etc.
Right to Information Act Portal
Freedom of information legislation in India
2005 in law
2005 in India
Politics of India
Acts of the Parliament of India 2005
Right to Information in India
Privacy in India
Turtle Bayou is an Unincorporated community in Chambers County, Texas, United States. During the Texas Revolution, it was the site of the Turtle Bayou Resolutions.
Education
Anahuac Independent School District operates schools in the area.
External links
Unincorporated communities in Chambers County, Texas
Unincorporated communities in Texas
Henry George Ell (probably 24 September 1862 – 27 June 1934), commonly known as Harry Ell, was a Christchurch City councillor and a New Zealand Member of Parliament.  They are famous for their conservation work around Christchurch's Port Hills, their advocacy for the Summit Road, and their construction of the Sign of the Takahe and other road houses along the Summit Road.
Early years
Ell was born in Christchurch, New Zealand, and grew up on their father's farm in Halswell. As a teenager they worked at the Canterbury Museum, then as a farm hand. Between 1881 and 1884 they were a member of the Armed Constabulary in Taranaki, where they participated in the destruction of Parihaka. This experience turned them into a stern critic of the race-relations policies of the time.
Ell was a Christchurch City councillor in 1903 and then again between 1917 and 1919. They were a member of the Knights of Labour and the Canterbury Liberal Association.
Member of Parliament
Ell stood as a prohibitionist for a seat in the City of Christchurch electorate in 1896. They were unsuccessful, coming fifth in the three-member electorate, but was elected as an Independent Liberal in the 1899 general election. They held the seat, and the subsequent seat of Christchurch South as an Independent, until the 1919 general election. Ell stood for the Lyttelton electorate, which contained the Port Hills. They were defeated and did not win a seat in Parliament again.
Ell was associated with the New Liberal Party in 1905.
From 1910 until 1912 they were the Liberal Party's junior whip.
As a Member of the House of Representatives, Ell spoke against the relaxation of liquor laws, the jailing of alcoholics and against gambling. They also successfully pushed for reform of New Zealand's mental health laws. They served briefly as Postmaster General in the Cabinet of Thomas Mackenzie.
The Summit Road rest houses
Ell is most remembered for their strong interest in recreation and conservation. From 1900 onwards, Ell pushed for the creation of a network of scenic reserves along Christchurch's Port Hills, linked by the Summit Road and with a network of rest-houses to allow travellers and walkers to refresh themselves. Three of these rest-houses, designed by architect Samuel Hurst Seager, were completed during Ell's lifetime: the Sign of the Bellbird, Sign of the Kiwi, and Sign of the Packhorse. The last, and grandest, the Sign of the Takahe, was not completed until long after Ell's death, in 1949. All four houses were built of local stone, and designed to blend in with the landscape. The Sign of the Kiwi and Sign of the Takahe still function as commercial rest stops serving refreshments while the Sign of the Bellbird survives only as a shelter, but is still a useful stopping place for a picnic and the starting point for some short walks. The Sign of the Packhorse is managed by the Department of Conservation and used as a hut by trampers.
Quotes
Ell's political philosophy was simple: "Our aim in life is to effect such social and economic reforms as will improve the lot of our fellow men and women".
As a parliamentarian, Ell was proud of their independent status. During their 1899 election campaign they maintained the view that: "a member should pledge themselves to the people, not to party or to Prime Minister.".
Notes
References
Harry Ell and Their Summit Road : a Biography of Henry George Ell by Lenore Oakley, published by Caxton Press 1960
Further reading
Works by Harry Ell
n.p.
Works about Harry Ell
Harry Ell and Their Summit Road : a Biography of Henry George Ell by Lenore Oakley, published by Caxton Press 1960
External links
Ell's DNZB Biography
The Port Hills, Christchurch City Council
Sign of the Packhorse, Department of Conservation
Summitroadsociety.org, Summit Road Society
Sign of the Kiwi and Sign of the Takahe, Christchurch City Libraries
|-
|-
Independent MPs of New Zealand
Christchurch City Councillors
Members of the Cabinet of New Zealand
New Zealand farmers
New Zealand Liberal Party MPs
New Zealand temperance activists
1862 births
1934 deaths
New Zealand MPs for Christchurch electorates
New Zealand conservationists
Members of the New Zealand House of Representatives
Unsuccessful candidates in the 1896 New Zealand general election
Unsuccessful candidates in the 1919 New Zealand general election
Unsuccessful candidates in the 1925 New Zealand general election
19th-century New Zealand politicians
Andrew Shulman (born 1960 in London, England) is an English virtuoso cellist, conductor and composer.  They are currently the principal cellist of the Los Angeles Chamber Orchestra and maintains their cello studio at the University of Southern California's Thornton School of Music in Los Angeles, California.
Career
They were formerly principal cellist of the Philharmonia Orchestra, the Academy of St. Martin-in-the-Fields, the Los Angeles Philharmonic Orchestra and the Royal Liverpool Philharmonic Orchestra. They were appointed principal cello of London's Philharmonia at the age of 22 by Riccardo Muti. In 1989 they became the first British cellist to win the United States New England Conservatory/Piatigorsky Artist Award
Performances
They have performed cello concertos with the City of Birmingham Symphony, Utah Symphony, Royal Liverpool Philharmonic, BBC Scottish Symphony Orchestra, the Philharmonia, the Los Angeles Philharmonic, the Gothenburg Symphony and the Singapore Symphony. Conductors include Sinopoli, Salonen, Rattle, Stern, Kahane, Atherton, Zander, Welser-Most, Marriner, Brown, Davis and Bychkov.
They also performed the Haydn D major, Tchaikovsky Rococo Variations and Strauss' Don Quixote at the Royal Festival Hall (with Sir Simon Rattle, broadcast live on the BBC) and the Hollywood Bowl (with Esa-Pekka Salonen).
Awards
They were the first Briton to win the New England Conservatory/Piatigorsky Artist Award, in 1990. They won the major cello prizes at the Royal College of Music and won the Suggia gift and two Countess of Munster Awards.
Recordings
Recent recordings include Broughton's cello concerto, Stone's cello concerto 'Siddhartha', Broughton's sonata for cello and piano and Zigman's Rhapsody for cello and piano. They have recorded 26 CDs with the Britten Quartet (EMI and Collins) and has made solo recordings for Virgin (Vivaldi) and EMI (Janáček). They made a world premiere recording of Frederick Delius's complete cello works, and was solo cello on Elton John's Candle in the Wind 1997. Shulman has also arranged and recorded for American post-punk revival band Louis XIV and has been featured on their last three albums.
Conducting
As conductor, they have performed in Europe and the USA and has conducted the world premieres of several major works, as well as collaborating with some notable soloists, including Rafael Wallfisch, Colin Carr and Bernard d'Ascoli. They were invited by the Britten-Pears Foundation to conduct the first performance of an important early work by Benjamin Britten, with the Britten-Pears Orchestra at Britten's Snape Maltings in Suffolk, England. They have conducted the Los Angeles Chamber Orchestra, the Saloman Orchestra, the Brandon Hill Chamber Orchestra, The Jonkoping Orchestra, the Ambache Chamber Orchestra, the Peninsula Symphony Orchestra, the Leicester Symphony Orchestra, the Royal College of Music Symphony Orchestra, the Royal College of Music Chamber Orchestra, the Ulster Youth Orchestra, the Guildhall School of Music Chamber Orchestra and the Hertfordshire Symphony Orchestra.  They are currently Principal Guest Conductor of the Culver City Symphony Orchestra.
Composition
Shulman also composes, and recently premiered their Smaller Music For Strings in the UK, as well as collaborating with the German rock guitarist Uli Jon Roth in performances in Hollywood. Their electric cello rock instrumental H.A.N.D was a winner in the International Songwriting Competition of 2007.
Music education
Shulman studied cello with Amaryllis Fleming, Joan Dickson, Jacqueline du Pré and William Pleeth. They received an 'Honorary RCM' from The Queen Mother in 1986, and subsequently became a professor at the Royal College of Music. They have given masterclasses in Europe, Scandinavia, Russia, Ukraine, the USA, South America, the Far East and New Zealand.
After winning the New England Conservatory/Piatigorsky Artist Award in Boston, they returned to the USA to teach and give concerts. Now residing in Los Angeles, they have given masterclasses at The Corwin Awards, USC, UCLA and The Aspen Music Festival.  They are a regular guest artist at the La Jolla Summerfest, Aspen, Las Vegas and Mainly Mozart summer music festivals, and last season recorded three new cello concertos written for him. These were written by Christopher Stone, Nathaniel Levisay and Maria Newman.
They have premiered new sonatas and concertos by Broughton, Zigman, Kaska, Newman and next season they premiere James Newton Howard's cello concerto with the Los Angeles Chamber Orchestra. The European premiere is scheduled for June 2021 with the Philharmonia Orchestra and Salonen.
This season CDs of concertos by Stone and Broughton are being released on all formats.
They formed the Los Angeles Piano Trio in 2020 http://www.losangelespianotrio.com and is a member of the New Hollywood String Quartet http://www.newhollywoodstringquartet.com
References
External links
English classical cellists
English conductors (music)
British male conductors (music)
Aspen Music Festival and School faculty
British music educators
British rock cellists
Living people
1960 births
Musicians from London
21st-century British conductors (music)
21st-century British male musicians
Centaur Records artists
William Pomerantz is Vice President of Special Projects at Virgin Orbit. They were part of the team that created Virgin Orbit while working at Virgin Galactic.  They are the co-founder of the Brooke Owens Fellowship and a trustee of the United States Students for the Exploration and Development of Space organisation.
Early life and education
Pomerantz was born in 1980 in Buffalo, New York. Their parents are Sandra Pomerantz, a social worker and lawyer, and James Pomerantz, a cognitive psychologist. Their step-mother is Mary McIntire, Dean of Continuing Studies at Rice University. Pomerantz studied Earth and planetary sciences at Harvard University. During their undergraduate degree they studied at the NASA Academy. They completed a master's degree at the International Space University, working in the Information, Communication and Space Technology group at the United Nations Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific. Pomerantz co-founded the website SpaceAlumni with Nicholas Skytland in 2004, a social media platform for young space professionals, acting as chief editor until 2007. They worked at Brown University as a planetary scientist, identifying surface features on Mars.
Career
After graduate school Pomerantz joined Futron, an aerospace consultancy that eventually became acquired by Avascent. In 2005 Pomerantz joined X Prize Foundation, acting as Director of Space Prizes. They were promoted to Senior Director of Space Projects and helped to create both the Google Lunar X Prize and Northrop Grumman Lunar Lander Challenge. In 2010, Pomerantz contributed a chapter to the textbook Space Commerce. They joined Virgin Galactic in 2011 and was appointed vice president. They were determined to use the SpaceShipTwo to support educational and research payloads as well as space tourism. They spoke at the 2013 TEDxPCC at the Expanding Horizons of Understanding event, where they discussed why humans explore space. Pomerantz led the effort to launch the LauncherOne, which allows people to launch small satellites from an air-launched system. They were the first employee of Virgin Orbit, which will 3D print rockets and engines for satellite launches. Their wife is the NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory engineer Diana Trujillo.
Public service and advocacy
They have advised the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine and Federal Aviation Administration. They were a judge at the inaugural Mayor of Los Angeles Cup, an entrepreneurship challenge to improve Los Abgeles for citizens. They have written for HuffPost. Pomerantz is the chair of the Board of Advisors for the American organisation Students for the Exploration and Development of Space and on the advisory board for the Waypaver Foundation.  They are on the editorial board of Room, the space journal. In 2016, Pomerantz established the Brooke Owens Fellowship, a mentoring scheme which champions women in aerospace. The fellowships offer undergraduate women positions in the space sector and assigns them a personal mentor working in industry. They co-founded the fellowship with Lori Garver and Cassie Kloberdanz Lee.
References
Harvard University alumni
International Space University alumni
Planetary scientists
American aerospace engineers
American aerospace businesspeople
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Wayne County is a county located in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 30,099. The county seat is Jesup.
Wayne County comprises the Jesup, Georgia Micropolitan Statistical Area.
History
At the time of European contact, the area of what would become Wayne County was settled by the Guale people. Being close to the coast and bordered by the Altamaha River, Wayne County's history includes occupation by Spanish missionaries at the time of the settlement of Saint Augustine as well as short-lived French occupation. The flags of France, Spain, England, and the Confederate States of America all flew over Wayne.
Early years
Seventy years after General James Oglethorpe settled the colony of Georgia and 27 years after that colony became one of the 13 original states, Wayne County came into being. The county was named for Mad Anthony Wayne whose military career had made them a well-known hero. When they surprised the British garrison at Stony Point on July 15, 1779, they acquired the nickname "Mad" Anthony. From one siege to another, they were a vital member of General George Washington's staff serving well under General Nathanael Greene and coming to Georgia in 1781 in their service during the American Revolution.
It was created by an Act of the Legislature in 1803 after the Wilkinson Treaty was signed with the Creek Indians on January 16, 1802, which ceded part of the Tallassee Country and part of the lands within the forks of the Oconee and Ocmulgee Rivers to the United States. As originally laid out, the new county – the 28th Georgia county – was a long narrow strip of land approximately in length but with varying measures of width along the way. It was six miles (10 km) as it stood just south of the Altamaha River, eight miles (13 km) wide near the Satilla and five miles (8 km) wide at a location about south of the Altamaha. All counties organized prior to 1802 were headright counties – no surveys were ever made of those counties. It was found that under the headright system more land was given away than actually existed and this was the case for Wayne County. Although created in 1803, no valid lottery was done for the county until the Land Lottery Act of 1805. The 1805 Act divided the half million acres (2,000 km2) of Wayne County, formed the Tallassee Strip, and set the stage for the land lottery that would result in more formal settlement of the area. It is the second date, December 7, 1805, that the county chose to observe as the creation date. The area was not a popular one for lottery draws as the straws were drawn sight unseen and the winner was as likely to draw swampland as they were prime agricultural lots.
The fight for the county seat
The county was slow in developing and those in the area were in no hurry to be concerned with matters governmental.
On December 8, 1806, the Georgia General Assembly created appointed five commissioners to establish a permanent site for a county seat and called for county court to be held at the home of one those commissioners, Francis Smallwood, until a permanent site could be established. In December 1808, the General Assembly called for a new set of commissioners to select a county seat, as the site picked by the previous set had picked a site near the upper corner of the county and was not centrally located. Court was to be held at the house of a Captain William Clements until a site was selected.
In December 1823, the General Assembly appointed another board of commissioners to establish a county seat.
The first post office in Wayne County was established at Tuckersville, sometimes seen as Tuckerville, on January 29, 1814. Tuckersville acted as the county seat until Waynesville was so designated. John Tucker was the first postmaster and their service was followed by William A. Knight and Robert Stafford Jr. before the mail service was discontinued in 1827. Tuckersville disappears from most maps by 1850. Its exact location remains a mystery although it is known it was 9 miles north of Waynesville on the Post Road near the ford of Buffalo Swamp. The intersection of Mount Pleasant Road and 10 Mile Road is a possible location.
It was not until December 1829, that legislative action created a county seat. Wayne County's first official county seat was Waynesville, Georgia then considered to be a central location in the long and narrow county for settlers to travel for court and other primary government functions. Waynesville was the site of Wayne County's first school, which was called Mineral Springs Academy. It was named for the famous mineral springs which were a short distance east of the residential section of the town.
In December 1832, a petition of voters from Wayne County caused the General Assembly to call for the election of another board of commissioners to establish a centrally located county seat.
In the early 1840s, Waynesville was still being used as the county seat. In December 1847, the General Assembly called for another set of commissioners to select a county seat near the home of William Flowers near the ford of the Buffalo Swamp. The law also called for county court to be held at the courthouse then in existence near the residence of James Rawlinson.
In January 1856, the General Assembly called for a vote to be held in Wayne County about the removal of the county seat and to where it should be removed.
A new county seat
Although there is some doubt about whom the City of Jesup is named for, there is no doubt it became Jesup on October 24, 1870. At the time Jesup was part of Appling County. Ambling along as Station Number 6 on the Atlantic and Gulf Railroad, the town grew into a city primarily due to the efforts of its first mayor, Willis Clary. Clary had first moved to Wayne County in 1868 and was elected mayor shortly after moving into the town at a meeting held December 3, 1870. Clary is credited with convincing the Macon and Brunswick Railroad to locate its tracks so that they crossed the Atlantic and Gulf rails at Jesup. On August 27, 1872, eastern sections of Appling land districts 3 and 4 were added to Wayne County. From its beginning, Jesup has been a railway town and as early as 1891, the town's population was essentially connected to the railroads in some way.
In February 1873, the Georgia General Assembly called for a vote to be held in Wayne County to be held about removing the county seat. The voters were to be given the choice of "No removal", "Removal, Jesup", "Removal, Waynesville", and "Removal, Screven." Jesup was selected as the new county seat.
Screven and Odum
Although not formally incorporated until 1907, the cities of Screven and Odum are also historic railroad towns. Screven ranks as the oldest established town being formally established in 1854 when the town became a terminus on the Atlantic and Gulf Railroad. The rail line connected Screven and Thomasville which at the time was a resort city popular with Europeans and wealthy Americans. It is not known exactly when Station Number 7 became known as Screven but the town bears the name of the family of Dr. James Proctor Screven and their son, John Bryan Screven of Savannah who were operating the railroad at the time of its inception. Screven's first business person and landowner, C. C. Grace helped to build the community. Likewise, Godfrey Odum used real estate to build their fortune and to improve the community into a town. Odum became a stop on the Macon and Brunswick Railroad and later became a part of the East Tennessee, Virginia, and Georgia. Odum was known as Satilla on an 1870 timetable from the Macon and Brunswick and before that it was known as Haslum. Rail access made it easier for Odum's turpentine and sawmills products to be shipped to larger markets.
Naval stores
Henry W. Grady once said South Georgia was only suited for pine trees and cows and it is the pine that has made Wayne County the pine tree infested place it is. Others have said, "You can always tell someone from Wayne County, but not much." Through the years, turpentine and naval stores made communities, schools and churches spring up along the paths of the railroads and the streams and creeks. Places like Mount Pleasant, Gardi, McKinnon, Doctortown, Manningtown, Brentwood, Ritch, O'Quinn, Madray Springs and Piney Grove were centers of family life.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.1%) is water.
The northern and eastern two-thirds of Wayne County, from north of Odum to south and east of Screven, is located in the Altamaha River sub-basin of the basin by the same name. The entire western edge of the county is located in the Little Satilla River sub-basin of the St. Marys River-Satilla River basin. A small southern portion of Wayne County, north and east of Hortense, is located in the Satilla River sub-basin of the St. Marys River-Satilla River basin, with the adjacent southeastern portion of the county located in the Cumberland-St. Simons sub-basin of the same St. Marys River-Satilla River basin.
Major highways
U.S. Route 25
U.S. Route 84
U.S. Route 301
U.S. Route 341
State Route 23
State Route 27
State Route 38
State Route 169
State Route 203
Adjacent counties
Tattnall County (north)
Long County (northeast)
McIntosh County (east)
Glynn County (southeast)
Brantley County (south)
Pierce County (southwest)
Appling County (northwest)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 26,565 people, 9,324 households, and 6,937 families residing in the county. The population density was 41 people per square mile (16/km2). There were 10,827 housing units at an average density of 17 per square mile (6/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 76.7% White, 20.3% Black or African American, 0.2% Native American, 0.4% Asian, <0.1% Pacific Islander, 1.3% from other races, and 1.0% from two or more races. 3.8% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 9,324 households, out of which 35.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.5% were married couples living together, 14.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.6% were non-families. 22.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.06.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.9% under the age of 18, 8.6% from 18 to 24, 30.7% from 25 to 44, 23.4% from 45 to 64, and 11.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 108.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 109.8 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $32,766, and the median income for a family was $39,442. Males had a median income of $31,977 versus $19,551 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,628. About 13.4% of families and 16.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 22.7% of those under age 18 and 14.4% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 30,099 people, 10,562 households, and 7,686 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 12,199 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 74.9% white, 19.9% black or African American, 0.5% Asian, 0.4% American Indian, 2.2% from other races, and 2.0% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 5.7% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 15.0% were American, 11.9% were Irish, 11.0% were English, and 5.6% were German.
Of the 10,562 households, 37.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.7% were married couples living together, 14.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 27.2% were non-families, and 23.6% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.09. The median age was 37.6 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $37,340 and the median income for a family was $45,649. Males had a median income of $40,167 versus $26,283 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,393. About 13.2% of families and 18.3% of the population were below the poverty line, including 23.8% of those under age 18 and 14.5% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 30,144 people, 10,400 households, and 7,166 families residing in the county. The median income for a household in the county was $45,773.
Education
Wayne County School District operates public schools.
Government and infrastructure
The Federal Bureau of Prisons operates the Federal Correctional Institution, Jesup in Jesup, Wayne County.
Politics
Prior to 1964, Wayne County voted in line with most counties in the Solid South and Georgia, consistently supporting Democratic presidential candidates. From 1964 on, the county has swung hard to the Republican Party in most presidential elections, with the only times they have failed to win the county since then being 1968 for segregationist George Wallace as well as 1976 and 1980 for Georgian Jimmy Carter. Non-Georgian Democrats have only managed 40 percent of the vote twice since then, in 1988 and 1992.
Communities
Cities
Jesup (county seat)
Screven
Town
Odum
Unincorporated communities
Brentwood
Doctortown
Gardi
Madray Springs
Manningtown
Former communities
Dales Mill
Fort Barrington
Pendarvis
Tuckersville
Waynesville
Williamsburg
Trivia
Wayne County is also home of one of the United States' few operational drive-in movie theaters, The Jesup Drive In, built in 1948 by Ward P. Riggins Sr. as a family drive-in theater, located on U.S. Highway 301 North in Wayne County.
Anne Nichols (1891-1966), from Dales Mill, was an American playwright best known as the author of Abie's Irish Rose.
David Larson from Jesup was a Gold Medalist Swimmer at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles.
Howard E. Wasdin is a Purple Heart and Silver Star Recipient for their actions and injuries sustained in the Battle of Mogadishu in Mogadishu, Somalia.  They are a former sniper in the Naval Special Warfare Development Group (DEVGRU).
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Wayne County, Georgia
References
Jordan, Margaret Coleman. Wayne miscellany. [s.l.] : Jordan, c1976. viii, 253 p. : ill. ; 29 cm. Cover title: Misogyny of Wayne County.
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
1803 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1803
Hieroglyph was a proposed American action-adventure drama series created by Travis Beacham, who served as executive producer on the show along with Katherine Pope, Peter Chernin and Miguel Sapochnik. Sapochnik directed the first episode. The series was produced by 20th Century Fox Television and Chernin Entertainment. Originally scheduled for a spring 2015 premiere, it was announced at the end of June 2014 that Fox had shut down production and canceled the series before airing an episode.
Cast
Max Brown as Ambrose
Reece Ritchie as Pharaoh Shai Kanakht
Condola Rashād as Nefertari Kanakht, the Pharaoh's half-sister
John Rhys-Davies as Vocifer
Caroline Ford as Peshet
Antony Bunsee as Rawser
Kelsey Chow as Lotus Tenry
Hal Ozsan as Bek Penroy
Development
On October 17, 2013, Fox announced that it had dropped the pilot stage for Hieroglyph and would straight away commit to a 13-episode season. The first episode was shot in Morocco in early 2014. The series was expected to continue filming in March 2014 in New Mexico at the Albuquerque Studios. Kevin Reilly for Fox Entertainment has stated that "We wanted to do a show about deceit, sex, intrigue in the court and fantastical goings on – no better place to set that than ancient Egypt."
Fox canceled the series in June 2014, saying the series was not coming together the way executives had hoped.
References
External links
Television pilots not picked up as a series
Unaired television shows
The 10th Nova Scotia general election may refer to:
Nova Scotia general election, 1811, the 10th general election to take place in the Colony of Nova Scotia, for the 10th General Assembly of Nova Scotia
Nova Scotia general election, 1901, the 32nd overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the (due to a counting error in 1859) 33rd Legislative Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 10th general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
Graziano Girardi (Farra di Soligo, 30 May 1940) is an Italian Venetist politician.
An early member of Liga Veneta, they were elected senator in 1983, the first in party's history. After having briefly joined the Union of the Venetian People, they returned into Liga Veneta and, in 1991, they joined the Lega Nord of which they are currently an activist at the local level.
References
Politicians of Veneto
Venetist politicians
Living people
Members of the Senate of the Republic (Italy)
Lega Nord politicians
20th-century Italian politicians
People from the Province of Treviso
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Whispering Skull is a 1944 American Western film directed by Elmer Clifton and written by Harry L. Fraser. The film stars Tex Ritter, Dave O'Brien, Guy Wilkerson, Denny Burke, I. Stanford Jolley and Henry Hall. The film was released on December 29, 1944, by Producers Releasing Corporation.
Plot
In the old west, someone is killing people in the middle of the night. Multiple murders by a mysterious killer known as "the Whispering Skull. It's up to Tex Haines, played by good-guy Tex Ritter, to lead the Texas Rangers and capture the midnight marauder.
Cast
Tex Ritter as Tex Haines
Dave O'Brien as Dave Wyatt
Guy Wilkerson as Panhandle Perkins
Denny Burke as Ellen Jackson
I. Stanford Jolley as Duke Walters
Henry Hall as Judge Polk
George Morrell as Sheriff Marvin Jackson
Ed Cassidy as Doc Humphrey
Bob Kortman as Joe Carter
Wen Wright as Mike Coram
See also
The Texas Rangers series:
The Rangers Take Over (1942)
Bad Men of Thunder Gap (1943)
West of Texas (1943)
Border Buckaroos (1943)
Fighting Valley (1943)
Trail of Terror (1943)
The Return of the Rangers (1943)
Boss of Rawhide (1943)
Outlaw Roundup (1944)
Guns of the Law (1944)
The Pinto Bandit (1944)
Spook Town (1944)
Brand of the Devil (1944)
Gunsmoke Mesa (1944)
Gangsters of the Frontier (1944)
Dead or Alive (1944)
The Whispering Skull (1944)
Marked for Murder (1945)
Enemy of the Law (1945)
Three in the Saddle (1945)
Frontier Fugitives (1945)
Flaming Bullets (1945)
References
External links
1944 films
1940s English-language films
American Western (genre) films
1944 Western (genre) films
Producers Releasing Corporation films
Films directed by Elmer Clifton
Films with screenplays by Harry L. Fraser
American black-and-white films
1940s American films
Space March is the project of Australian singer/songwriter/producer/artist – Craig Simmons. The music of Space March can be described as melodic, layered, dreamy synthpop.
Music career
The debut self-titled Space March album was released in Australia in 2003 and picked up by synthpop label, Ninthwave Records as a US import release in 2004. Space March appeared in the Chicago Reader's 2004 year-end newspaper feature – The Best Music of 2004 with Music Critic, Ann Sterzinger, ranking the release number one in their top ten albums for that year. Sterzinger's top vote was similarly cast in The Village Voice Pazz & Jop poll for 2004. The debut Space March album was quite organic sounding for a synthpop album, combining Beatlesque Britpop and psychedelic electronics, with the Chicago Reader describing the album as mixing "The Magnetic Fields, Erasure, and a dollop of Momus".
Ninthwave Records digitally released the follow-up Space March album Without This You Can Never Change in 2006. The following year, the labels Ninthwave Records and Death By Karaoke released a remixed and repackaged version of the album both digitally and on CD. Without This You Can Never Change was more electro orientated than the debut but still retained a melodic, pop sensibility.
The third Space March album, Monumental, was released in September 2011. For this album, Simmons collaborated with multi-platinum record producer/mixer Mark Saunders whose production credits include: Erasure Wild!; The Cure Wish; Tricky Maxinquaye; A-ha The Foot of the Mountain. Monumental exhibited strong references to early 80s synthpop production which was noted in some reviews favourably.
Hark Records released the fourth Space March album, Mountain King, in February 2013. The title track incorporates the melodic theme from "In The Hall of the Mountain King" by Norwegian composer Edvard Grieg, written for the play, Peer Gynt in 1874–76.
In May 2014, Space March released an album of covers – It Must Be Obvious through Hark Records. The album features covers of songs by Pet Shop Boys, Muse, The Beatles, New Order, Duran Duran, The Cure, The White Stripes, Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark, The Velvet Underground, David Bowie, Depeche Mode and John Barry.
Space March released the sixth studio album in June 2018, titled – Future Memories. The ten track album is a mix of synthpop, electropop and synthwave.
The seventh studio album, Algorithm was released on 24 September 2021. This synthpop album consists of six unreleased tracks and four new mixes/versions of recent singles.
Prior to Space March, Simmons was the founding member of the synthpop duo, ElectroSquad which released two albums: Espionage (2000) and Operation: k (2001) on Hark Records.
Discography
Studio albums
Space March (2003 Australia / 2004 US)
Without This You Can Never Change (2006 – version 1)
Without This You Can Never Change (2007 – version 2)
Monumental (2011)
Mountain King (2013)
It Must Be Obvious (2014)
Future Memories (2018)
Algorithm (2021)
Art and Design career
Craig Simmons co-created the bandit.fm online music store for Sony Music, which was launched in Australia in 2008 and in several other countries over the following years.
Early in their design career, Simmons contributed graphic design and illustration to Midnight Oil's internationally released Earth and Sun and Moon Album.
In September 2011, Space March exhibited a series of large canvas artworks for each song on the Monumental album at blank_space Gallery in Sydney. Space March Art mixes modernism, geometry, graphics and pop art.
References
External links
Official Website
Australian synthpop groups
Musical groups from Sydney
The Egyptian hieroglyph representing a honey bee (𓆤 Gardiner L2). It is used as an ideogram for "bee" (bjt),
but most frequently as part of the title of the King of Upper and Lower Egypt, rendered nswt-bjtj (interpreted as "He of the Sedge and the Bee").
See also
Gardiner's Sign List#L. Invertebrates and lesser animals
Egyptian biliteral signs
Nswt-bjtj
List of Egyptian hieroglyphs
References
Betrò, 1995. Hieroglyphics: The Writings of Ancient Egypt, Betrò, Maria Carmela, c. 1995, 1996-(English), Abbeville Press Publishers, New York, London, Paris (hardcover, )
Budge, (1920), 1978. An Egyptian Hieroglyphic Dictionary, E.A.Wallace Budge, (Dover Publications), c 1978, (c 1920), Dover edition, 1978. (In two volumes, 1314 pp. and cliv-(154) pp.) (softcover, )
Egyptian hieroglyphs: invertebrates and lesser animals
The Original Edit is the third official album by producer Dr. Zeus. All the vocals of this album were by Lehmber Hussainpuri. This album was released in May 2005 after much controversy. This album had no singles or music videos released because of the delay and big budget. This album was the reason for the breakup between two great bhangra performers: Lehmber Hussainpuri & Dr. Zeus
Meaning of the title
The Original Edit means that even though it is an edited version, it still is the original version out there. This was due to the controversy and early release of the album by Lehmber Hussainpuri in India under their own name.
Track listing
Sachiyan Suniyan Ni - Lehmber Hussainpuri
Je Jatt Bigr Gaya - Lehmber Hussainpuri
Giddech Deor Meinu Lageyaa - Lehmber Hussainpuri
Oh Kuri Patni - Lehmber Hussainpuri
Nit Kush Naal Peendah - Lehmber Hussainpuri and Sabrina
Das Ki Soniyeh - Lehmber Hussainpuri
Putt Jattan Da Jawan - Lehmber Hussainpuri
Yaaran Diya Yaarian Ne Mareyah - Lehmber Hussainpuri
Je Jatt Bigr Gaya: The Mr. Shabz Mix - Lehmber Hussainpuri
Reviews
Dr. Zeus yet again won "The Album of The Year" award with this album and it was considered a top class album. The main reason for this was because the album was released 2 months earlier in India. Many people liked Folk Attack (Indian version of The Original Edit) rather than the original version because it didn't contain raps and MC's.
The Original Edit was a great album for modern bhangra fans and Folk Attack was a great album for older bhangra fans. So with 2 albums containing the same music all types of bhangra fans were satisfied.
This is ever greatest remixed album in which there is included grim on some tracks.
there was need of something new as it was just the remake of old songs.
Folk Attack
Due to Dr. Zeus not completing the tracks in time, Lehmber Hussainpuri took the uncompleted tracks behind Zeus' back to India. There they released an album called Folk Attack under BaseLine Records even though they were signed to Envy Records. All the songs from The Original Edit, plus 2 bonus songs (Adde and Kehre Pind Di) were on the album. Zeus, angry over how the tracks leaked, fired Lehmber and therefore this was the final project the two worked on together.
Dr. Zeus also decided to remove Lehmber's face from the booklet cover of the CD; leaving only their turban visible.
The album Back Unda Da Influence released a few years later which featured Lehmber Hussainpuri. Zeus decided to credit Lehmber as Lamb Burger Hussainpuri.
2005 albums
Bhangra (music) albums
The AIB International Media Excellence Awards - the AIBs - were created in 2005 by the Association for International Broadcasting.
The AIBs recognise excellence in the international broadcasting industry and attract entries from broadcasters all over the world. In 2008, well over 300 entries were received, competing for 12 Awards.
The 2010 AIBs were presented in London at LSO St Luke's on Tuesday 9 November, including the new People's Choice award which rewarded the best coverage of climate change by a TV network.
External links
Official site
Association for International Broadcasting site
Broadcasting awards
Yangping could refer to the following locations in China:
Yangping, Hebei (羊平镇), town in Quyang County
Yangping, Yuan'an County (洋坪镇), town in Hubei
Yangping Township (阳坪乡), Kelan County, Shanxi
Towns written as "阳平镇":
Yangping, Henan, in Lingbao, Henan
Yangping, Xiaogan, in Dawu County, Hubei
Yangping, Shaanxi, in Chencang District, Baoji
The men's 500 metre at the 2012 World Short Track Speed Skating Championships took place on 10 March 2012, at the Shanghai Oriental Sports Center.
Results
Preliminaries
Top two athletes from each heat qualified for the heats.
Heat 1
Heat 3
Heat 5
Heat 7
Heat 9
Heat 11
Heat 13
Heat 2
Heat 4
Heat 6
Heat 8
Heat 10
Heat 12
Heat 14
Heats
Top two athletes from each heat and the two fastest thirds qualified for the quarterfinals.
Heat 1
Heat 3
Heat 5
Heat 7
Heat 2
Heat 4
Heat 6
Quarterfinals
Top two athletes from each heat qualified for the semifinals.
Heat 1
Heat 3
Heat 2
Heat 4
Semifinals
Top two athletes from each heat qualified for the final.
Heat 1
Heat 2
Final
References
2012 World Short Track Speed Skating Championships
Livonia High School may refer to:
Livonia High School (Louisiana) in Livonia, Louisiana
Livonia High School (Michigan) in Livonia, Michigan
Livonia High School (New York) in Livonia, New York
Lieutenant Fitz Henry Babbitt (10 October 1790 – 15 January 1815) was an officer of the United States Navy who served during the War of 1812, and was killed during the capture of USS President.
Biography
Babbitt was probably born in Brookfield, Massachusetts, and was appointed a midshipman in the Navy on 2 April 1804. They accepted their warrant on 28 May 1804 and entered into service on board the 32-gun frigate , that same day. They served in Essex and in the bomb ketch in the Mediterranean Sea between 1804 and 1806. Returning home to the United States in Spitfire in August 1806, Babbitt joined the frigate in 1807 and had charge of their quarterdeck guns on the occasion of the battle with on 22 June 1807. They were appointed an acting lieutenant and ordered to the brig on 1 February 1810. They cruised the waters along the east coast of the United States in Argus until late October, at which time they were furloughed. Babbitt received their lieutenant's commission on 4 March 1811, with seniority to date from 5 June 1810.
On 19 February 1812, they received orders to join and served in them until 17 July 1812 when a British squadron – built around the 64-gun ship-of-the-line and the frigates and – captured Nautilus off the northern New Jersey coast. Babbitt spent several weeks as a prisoner of war in Halifax, Nova Scotia, before being exchanged. Following their return, they were assigned to the frigate on 30 November 1812 and helped in the futile effort to get that ship ready for sea after their modification into a sloop of war. Though the work was completed by the end of 1812, the British had Adams blockaded in Chesapeake Bay by then, and they remained so until early in 1814. Babbitt's assignment to Adams, however, lasted only until the spring of 1813. On 6 April 1813, they received orders to join the frigate ; but those orders were apparently changed later in the month, and they went to Sackett's Harbor along with the officers and men of the blockaded Adams. In September 1813, Babbitt again received orders to the United States to serve as that ship's first lieutenant. United States, however, languished at New London – along with their recent prize, , by then also in American service, and the sloop of war – under a blockade imposed by a powerful British squadron.
In the spring of 1814, the frigate's commanding officer, Captain Stephen Decatur, received a posting to command the 44-gun frigate , and took the crew of the United States with them to man their new command. Thus, Babbitt came to be Presidents first lieutenant. Once again, Babbitt found themselves assigned to a warship unable to get to sea because of a strong blockade. The frigate remained hemmed in at New York for the rest of 1814. Not until January 1815 did condition allow President to attempt their escape to sea. Though the peace treaty had been signed in Ghent, Belgium, in December 1814, word had not reached the Americas, and hostilities continued in the western hemisphere for some weeks. Thus, when President made their move for the open sea, British warships stood ready to engage them In their breakout attempt on 14 January 1815, President ran afoul of another squadron of British ships comprising , , and .
During the ensuing fight, President managed to inflict sufficient damage on HMS Endymion to force them out of the struggle, but the unequal contest exacted a greater toll from the American ship. Unable to outrun their other adversaries because of hull damage sustained during a grounding soon after sailing, President finally succumbed to the combined attention of the three remaining British ships after a six-hour exchange in which they lost 24 of their crewmen and three of their lieutenants, including Babbitt.
Namesake
The destroyer (1919–1946) was named for him.
References
1790 births
1815 deaths
United States Navy officers
United States Navy personnel of the War of 1812
American military personnel killed in the War of 1812
Justin Brice Luthy (born April 16, 1991) is an American soccer player.
Career
Youth, College and Amateur
Luthy was a member of the Columbus Crew Soccer Academy before spending their entire college career at Boston College. They made a total 80 appearances for the Eagles and finished with a 1.06 GAA and 25 clean sheets.
Luthy is Boston College's all-time leader in wins (43) and minutes played (7400:43) ... ranks second all-time in shutouts (25) and fourth in saves (301).
Their senior year (2012) Luthy started 17 matches in goal and played in 18 ... logged 1,690 minutes in net ... had a 1.01 goals against average and a .756 save percentage ... recorded seven shutouts on the year ... went 3-2-3 in ACC action and played all 780 minutes ... ranked third in the ACC in shutouts and fourth in goals against average, save percentage and saves ... recorded six saves - the second-highest total of the season - in the 1-0 loss at Northeastern (11/15) in the NCAA First Round ... shut out Clemson (11/6) for 110 minutes and made three saves in the ACC Championship ... made two saves in a scoreless draw against Virginia (10/26) ... notched four stops in a 1-0 shutout win at Duke (10/19) ... did not record a save but helped shut out Clemson (10/13) in a scoreless draw ... recorded clean sheets in a 1-0 victories against Dartmouth (10/10) and at No. 15 Wake Forest (10/6) ... made three saves against the Big Green and eight at the Demon Deacons ... made a save in a 1-0 shutout win at Fairfield (9/3) ... recorded five saves in a 2-1 season-opening win at Quinnipiac (9/24).
They also played in the Premier Development League for Portland Timbers U23s.
Professional
On March 26, 2015, Luthy signed a professional contract with USL club Portland Timbers 2. They made their professional debut three days later in a 3–1 victory over Real Monarchs SLC.
International
Luthy has represented the United States in the U18 and U20 level.
References
External links
T2 bio
Boston College Eagles bio
1991 births
Living people
American soccer players
Boston College Eagles men's soccer players
Portland Timbers U23s players
Portland Timbers 2 players
Colorado Springs Switchbacks FC players
Association football goalkeepers
Soccer players from Ohio
USL League Two players
USL Championship players
United States men's youth international soccer players
United States men's under-20 international soccer players
Sir John Herbert Parsons CBE FRS FRCS (3 September 1863, Bristol – 7 October 1957, University College Hospital, London) was a British ophthalmologist and ophthalmic surgeon.
Education
Parsons was educated at the University of Bristol, University College London, and at St Bartholomew's Hospital. They received in 1890 their BSc in physiology, in 1891 their MRCS, and in 1892 their MB.
Career and research
They were appointed an assistant in the Department of Physiology at University College London and practised medicine for several years in Finchley. They then became a clinical assistant at Moorfields Eye Hospital. In 1900 they received the MB London and the FRCS England. At Moorfields, they were promoted from clinical assistant and became, successively, curator and librarian and was then elected to the surgical staff in 1904. They became an ophthalmic surgeon at University College Hospital and continued as a surgeon there and at Moorfields until their retirement. They were also an ophthalmic surgeon for some years at the Hospital for Sick Children, Great Ormond Street. In ophthalmic pathology they became a world authority and produced numerous research articles and several books on eye diseases, ophthalmic optics. and ophthalmic circulation.
Parsons served on various government committees dealing with vision tests, blindness prevention, and proper lighting in factories. During World War I they were a consultant ophthalmological surgeon with the rank of Colonel, Army Medical Service, for which they were awarded Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 1919 Birthday Honours. From 1928 to 1932 they were a member of the Medical Research Council.
Honours and awards
1904 and 1914 — Middlemore Prize
1907 — Nettleship Gold Medal
1919 — Doyne Medal from Oxford
1919 — C.B.E.
1921 — Fellow of the Royal Society
1922 — Knighthood
1925 — Bowman Lectureship
1929 — honoured guest at the opening of the Wilmer Eye Institute in the United States
1936 — Howe Medal of the American Academy of Ophthalmology and Otolaryngology
1936–1938 — President of the Royal Society of Medicine
Selected works
(Volumes 1 to 4, published from 1904 to 1908)
References
1863 births
1957 deaths
Alumni of the University of Bristol
Alumni of University College London
20th-century English medical doctors
British ophthalmologists
Royal Army Medical Corps officers
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Fellows of the Royal Society
Presidents of the Royal Society of Medicine
Knights Bachelor
Physicians of Great Ormond Street Hospital
British Army personnel of World War I
State Highway 55 is a state highway in western Oklahoma. It runs for from Carter, Oklahoma to the unincorporated community of Lake Valley. It has no lettered spur routes.
Route description
SH-55 begins at State Highway 34 in Carter, in eastern Beckham Co. It heads east for six miles (10 km), where it meets State Highway 6 and overlaps it to the south. After running along the Beckham/Washita Co. line, it splits off to the east near Retrop. It then meets State Highway 44 in Sentinel. Seven miles later it meets US-183 in Rocky. It then terminates at State Highway 54 in Lake Valley.
Junction list
References
External links
SH-55 at OKHighways
055
Transportation in Beckham County, Oklahoma
Transportation in Washita County, Oklahoma
Helicoidea is a taxonomic superfamily of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the clade Stylommatophora.
Taxonomy
2005 taxonomy
There are 19 families within the superfamily Helicoidea according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005.
Helicidae
Bradybaenidae
Camaenidae
Cepolidae
Cochlicellidae
Elonidae
Epiphragmophoridae
Halolimnohelicidae
Helicodontidae
Helminthoglyptidae
Humboldtianidae
Hygromiidae
Monadeniidae
Pleurodontidae
Polygyridae
Sphincterochilidae
Thysanophoridae
Trissexodontidae
Xanthonychidae
According to H. Nordsieck the family Xanthonychidae (sensu Hausdorf & Bouchet) is probably polyphyletic (contains several different lineages) and therefore should be divided into several families.
2012 taxonomy
Thompson & Naranjo-García (2012) described a new family Echinichidae and placed it to the superfamily Xanthonychoidea. Therefore, the family Xanthonychidae was moved from Helicoidea to Xanthonychoidea.
2015 taxonomy
Razkin et al. (2015) reorganized classification into monophyletic taxa according to the molecular phylogeny. This study is focus on Western Palaearctic species. The Hygromiidae s.l. family was divided into three families, Canariellidae, Geomitridae and Hygromiidae. Moreover, the family Cochlicellidae was including within the Geomitridae family as a tribe (Cochlicellini).
The classification proposed for Western Palaearctic Helicoidea is as follows:
Bradybaeninae, subfamily of Camaenidae
Camaenidae
Canariellidae
Elonidae
Geomitridae
Geomitrinae
Cochlicellini
Geomitrini
Plentuisini
Ponentinini
Helicellinae
Cernuellini
Helicellini
Trochoideini
Helicodontidae
Helicidae
Ariantinae
Helicinae
Allognathini
Helicini
Otalini
Thebini
Murellinae
Humboldtianidae
Hygromiidae
Ciliellinae
Hygromiinae
Leptaxinae
Sphincterochilidae
Trissexodontidae
Gittenbergeriinae
Trissexodontinae
References
Stylommatophora
Helicoidei
Taxa named by Constantine Samuel Rafinesque
Zac Lubin (born August 19, 1989) is an American former professional soccer player who is currently the goalkeeping coach for Northern Colorado Hailstorm FC in USL League One.
Career
College and Amateur
Lubin spent their entire college career at Saint Martin's University. They made a total of 67 appearances for the Saints and finished with a 2.17 Goals Against Average.
They also played in the Premier Development League for Kitsap Pumas and Seattle Sounders FC U-23.
Professional
In 2014, Lubin joined Swedish club IFK Luleå where they made 20 appearances. On March 20, they signed with USL club Tulsa Roughnecks FC. They made their debut for the club a week later in a 1–1 draw against Oklahoma City Energy FC.
Lubin signed with Swope Park Rangers on December 16, 2015.
On February 6, 2018, Lubin signed with the Phoenix Rising FC of the United Soccer League.
On June 30, 2018, Lubin was loaned to the Seattle Sounders FC of the MLS for their match against the Portland Timbers. Two of Seattle's three goalkeepers were injured, therefore prompting the emergency loan of Lubin.
Coaching
On July 21, 2022, Lubin joined Éamon Zayed's staff at USL League One's Northern Colorado Hailstorm FC as the goalkeeping coach.
Honors
Individual
USL Championship All-League Second Team: 2019
References
External links
Saint Martin's Saints bio
1989 births
Living people
American soccer players
American expatriate soccer players
Kitsap Pumas players
Seattle Sounders FC U-23 players
IFK Luleå players
FC Tulsa players
Sporting Kansas City II players
Ljungskile SK players
Phoenix Rising FC players
Seattle Sounders FC players
Association football goalkeepers
Soccer players from Montana
Sportspeople from Bozeman, Montana
Expatriate footballers in Sweden
USL League Two players
USL Championship players
Northern Colorado Hailstorm FC
Association football goalkeeping coaches
USL League One coaches
Jacopo Baccarini (c. 1605–1682) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period born in Reggio, where they lived and painted. They trained with Orazio Talami (1624–1708). They painted Repose during flight to Egypt and Death of St Alessio for the church of San Filippo in Reggio.  They are also known as Jacopo da Reggio or Giacomo Baccarini.
References
1600s births
1682 deaths
People from Reggio Emilia
17th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
Italian Baroque painters
Connor Milne (born 1994) is a Scottish international lawn and indoor bowler.
Bowls career
In 2019, Milne was selected for the European Bowls Championships, where they won two silver medals in the pairs and team events.
In January 2020, they won the Scottish Indoor National title bowling for the Turriff Bowls Club, defeating Colin Walker in the final.
They made their indoor debut at the World Championships during the 2021 World Indoor Bowls Championship.
References
Scottish male bowls players
Living people
1994 births
Topsy and Tim is a series of children's books written by Jean Adamson and Gareth Adamson about twins and their adventures. They were first published in 1960 and were relaunched in new editions in February 2003.
Since 1960 more than 130 Topsy and Tim titles have been published with sales of more than 21 million.
Origin
In an interview with The Guardian, Jean Adamson said that they and their future husband had been trained as book illustrators at Goldsmiths College. They decided to get married and quit their jobs in order to write and illustrate their own children's books. Their approach was shaped by a visit to a children's bookshop in Newcastle where they realised that there were few books depicting actual contemporary children. They explained that the books were also influenced by the post-war mood:
At that time, not so terribly long after the end of the war, England was just waking up, bright colours were coming in, there was a lovely optimistic feeling in the air. So I said "Why don't we do books with real live little children in, with the little adventures and so on that they have in the house?"
Television series
The books have been adapted for television twice.
Bevanfield Films
Firstly by Bevanfield Films for Video Collection International, 60 episode 5 minute animated series narrated by Roger Blake and was shown on ITV.
CBeebies
In 2013 a 13-minute live-action series was made for CBeebies, with 3 series produced and 71 episodes made.
Further details can be seen here: List of Topsy and Tim episodes. No further episodes are planned for production as of 2022. The series was produced by Darrall Macqueen and distributed globally by DHX Media.
List of books
Topsy and Tim's ABC Book (1960)
Topsy and Tim's Counting Book (1961)
Topsy and Tim's Monday Book (1962)
Topsy and Tim's Tuesday Book (1963)
Topsy and Tim's Wednesday Book (1964)
Topsy and Tim's Thursday Book (1965)
Topsy and Tim's Friday Book (1966)
Topsy and Tim's Saturday Book (1967)
Topsy and Tim's Sunday Book (1968)
Topsy and Tim go in an Aeroplane (1969)
Topsy and Tim Meet the Babysitter (1970)
Topsy and Tim at the Bank (1971)
Topsy and Tim have a Barbecue (1972)
Topsy and Tim in Belgium (1973)
Topsy and Tim's Birthday Party (1974)
Topsy and Tim at the Biscuit Factory (1975)
Topsy and Tim go to the Doctor (1975)
Topsy and Tim's Bonfire Night (1976)
Topsy and Tim's New Brother (1977)
Topsy and Tim go Camping (1978)
Topsy and Tim's Caravan Holiday (1979)
Topsy and Tim's Chocolate Cook Book (1980)
Topsy and Tim at the Circus (1981)
Topsy and Tim's Coach Journey (1982)
Topsy and Tim can Cook (1983)
Topsy and Tim Cross the Channel (1984)
Topsy and Tim go to the Dentist (1985)
Topsy and Tim Help the Dustmen (1987)
Topsy and Tim have their Eyes Tested (1988)
Topsy and Tim at the Fairground (1989)
Topsy and Tim at the Farm (1990)
Topsy and Tim in the Farmyard (1991)
Topsy and Tim at the Fire Station (1992)
Topsy and Tim go Fishing (1993)
Topsy and Tim's Foggy Day (1994)
Topsy and Tim at the Football Match (1995)
Topsy and Tim's New Friends (1996)
Topsy and Tim's Games Book (1997)
Topsy and Tim's Garden (1998)
Topsy and Tim in the Gym (1999)
Topsy and Tim at the Hairdressers (2000)
Topsy and Tim go Hill Walking (2001)
Topsy and Tim go on Holiday
Topsy and Tim go to Holland
Topsy and Tim Learn to Horse Ride
Topsy and Tim go to Hospital (1971)
Topsy and Tim at the Jumble Sale
Topsy and Tim in the Kitchen
Topsy and Tim at the Library
Topsy and Tim Meet the Monsters
Topsy and Tim's Motorway Games / Car Games
Topsy and Tim growing up stories
Topsy and Tim Move House
Topsy and Tim can make Music
Topsy and Tim's Music Book
Topsy and Tim's Paddling Pool
Topsy and Tim's New Playground
Topsy and Tim at the Pantomime
Topsy and Tim can play Party Games
Topsy and Tim can Look after Pets
Topsy and Tim's Pet Show
Topsy and Tim's Pets
Topsy and Tim's Picnic
Topsy and Tim's Playing Rhymes
Topsy and Tim Visit the Police Station
Topsy and Tim go Pony Trekking
Topsy and Tim at the Post Office
Topsy and Tim can Print in Colour
Topsy and Tim go to Prison
Topsy and Tim Choose a Puppy
Topsy and Tim Ride their Bikes
Topsy and Tim take no Risks
Topsy and Tim at the Safari Park
Topsy and Tim go Safely
Topsy and Tim at School
Topsy and Tim go to School
Topsy and Tim's School Outing
Topsy and Tim's School Play
Topsy and Tim's New School
Topsy and Tim at the Seaside
Topsy and Tim's New Shoes
Topsy and Tim go Shopping
Topsy and Tim go Sailing
Topsy and Tim can Sing and Play
Topsy and Tim's Snowy Day
Topsy and Tim's Sports Day
Topsy and Tim at the Supermarket
Topsy and Tim Learn to Swim
Topsy and Tim Tell the Time
Topsy and Tim Visit the Tower of London
Topsy and Tim's Train Journey (1978)
Topsy and Tim at the TV Studio
Topsy and Tim at the Vet
Topsy and Tim at the Wedding (1976)
Topsy and Tim's Word Book
Topsy and Tim at the Zoo
Topsy and Tim go on an Aeroplane
Topsy and Tim Have a Birthday Party
Topsy And Tim The New Baby
Topsy and Tim on the Farm
Topsy and Tim Meet the Firefighters
Topsy and Tim Play Football
Topsy and Tim Make a New Friend
Topsy and Tim Meet New Friends
Topsy and Tim Visit the Dentist
Topsy and Tim First French Words
Topsy and Tim Little abc Library
Topsy and Tim First Numbers
Topsy and Tim A Special Visit
Topsy and Tim and the new puppy
Topsy and Tim Have Chickenpox
Topsy and Tim Little Shoppers
Topsy and Tim and the Bully
Topsy and Tim Help a Friend
Topsy and Tim The Big Surprise
Topsy and Tim Old Shoes, New Shoes
Topsy and Tim Buckets and Spades
Topsy and Tim Go to the Park
Topsy and Tim Go to the Zoo
Topsy and Tim Go on a Train
Surprises for Topsy and Tim
Topsy and Tim Look After Their Pets
Topsy and Tim Busy Builders
Topsy and Tim First School Stories
Topsy and Tim Start School
Topsy and Tim Meet the Ambulance Crew
Topsy and Tim Have Horse Riding Lessons
Topsy and Tim at the School Fair
Topsy and Tim Go Shopping
Topsy and Tim Small Pets
Topsy and Tim Have New Bikes
Adventures of Topsy and Tim
Topsy and Tim Red Boots, Yellow Boots
Topsy and Tim Learn abc
Topsy and Tim Meet the Police
Topsy and Tim Little Lost Rabbit
Topsy and Tim Have Itchy Heads
Topsy and Tim First Words
Topsy and Tim First Writing
Topsy and Tim and Their New School Friend
Topsy and Tim Go for Gold
Topsy and Tim Visit London
Topsy and Tim Meet Father Christmas
Topsy and Tim The Big Race
Topsy and Tim at Granny and Grandpa's
Topsy and Tim Learn About Time
Topsy and Tim Learn to Count
Topsy and Tim New Lunchboxes
Topsy and Tim Learn Opposites
Topsy and Tim Visit the Doctor
Topsy and Tim at the Sea Life Centre (1997)
Topsy and Tim Stay with a Friend (1987)
Topsy and Tim Have Their Hair Cut
Topsy and Tim at the Gym Club (1985)
Topsy and Tim and the Dinosaurs (1995)
Topsy and Tim visit Europe (1974)
Topsy and Tim Go Green (2009)
Topsy and Tim Safety First
Topsy and Tim go out and about
Topsy and Tim growing up stories
Topsy and Tim Our Day
Topsy and Tim Can Help Birds
Happy Days with Topsy and Tim
Topsy and Tim meet their brother
References
External links
Topsy and Tim page on Cbeebies website
Penguin Books:Jean Adamson
CBeebies
Series of children's books
British picture books
Children's fiction books
British preschool education television series
British television shows based on children's books
1980s preschool education television series
2010s preschool education television series
Television series about children
Television series about siblings
1984 British television series debuts
2015 British television series endings
1980s British children's television series
2010s British children's television series
BBC children's television shows
ITV children's television shows
Television series by ITV Studios
English-language television shows
Paratritonia is a genus of sea slugs, specifically dendronotid nudibranchs. It is a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Tritoniidae.
A monotypic genus, the only species is Paratritonia lutea.
Distribution
Paratritonia lutea was found in Japan.
References
Tritoniidae
Monotypic gastropod genera
Casting is a manufacturing process in which a liquid material is usually poured into a mold, which contains a hollow cavity of the desired shape, and then allowed to solidify. The solidified part is also known as a casting, which is ejected or broken out of the mold to complete the process. Casting materials are usually metals or various time setting materials that cure after mixing two or more components together; examples are epoxy, concrete, plaster and clay. Casting is most often used for making complex shapes that would be otherwise difficult or uneconomical to make by other methods. Heavy equipment like machine tool beds, ships' propellers, etc. can be cast easily in the required size, rather than fabricating by joining several small pieces.
Casting is a 7,000-year-old process. The oldest surviving casting is a copper frog from 3200 BC.
History
Throughout history, metal casting has been used to make tools, weapons, and religious objects. Metal casting history and development can be traced back to Southern Asia (China, India, Pakistan, etc). Southern Asia traditions and religions relied heavily on statue and relic castings. These items were frequently made from a copper alloy laced with lead. Since the beginning of metallurgy the majority of castings were simple one to two piece molds fashioned from either stone or ceramics. However, there is evidence of lost wax castings in numerous ancient civilizations.
The lost wax process originated in ancient Mesopotamia. The earliest known record of lost-wax casting is a clay tablet written in cuneiform in the ancient city of Sparta, Babylon, which specifically records how much wax is needed to cast a key. The earliest-known castings in the global archaeological record were made in open stone molds. There are two types of lost wax methods, direct lost wax method and indirect lost wax method. The direct molding method is to make the wax material into the same wax mold as the casting by hand or other tools; the indirect molding method is to make the wax mold through the mold. The direct molding method requires craftsmen to have a high technical level, otherwise the quality of castings cannot be guaranteed. However, the limitation of manual direct molding is that its efficiency is too low to achieve mass production. In this regard, indirect moulding has advantages. In indirect moulding, artisans usually make moulds from stone, wood, clay or other plastic materials.
Early civilizations discovered lead aided in the fluidity of molten copper, allowing them to cast more intricate designs. For example, the dancing girl of Mohenjo-daro is a copper alloy casting that most likely utilizes the lost wax technique. Lost wax casting can be dated back to 4000 BC or the Chalcolithic period. One of the oldest studied examples of this technique is a 6,000-year old amulet from the Indus valley civilization.
India is attributed as one of the first civilizations to use casting methods to mass produce coins. Around the middle of the first millennium BC (1000 BC - 1 BC), coins used were made from silver but as the millennium progressed the coins shifted to a cast copper alloy. New technology was developed to mass produce the new copper coins. Introduced was a multi piece stackable coin template mold. Multiple molds were placed on top of one another into a clay cylinder so molten metal could be poured down the center, filling and solidifying in the open spaces. This process allowed one hundred coins to be produced simultaneously.
In the Middle East and West Africa the lost wax technique was used very early in their metallurgy traditions while China adopted it much later. In Western Europe lost wax techniques are considered to have been hardly used especially in comparison to that of the Indus valley civilization. There were no pieces of lost wax found in the capital of Anyang during the Shane dynasty (1600-1040 BC) while a large amount (100,000 pieces) of piece-mould fragments were found. This led to the conclusion that lost wax was not performed in the capital during this dynasty. However, the discovery of a mask made using the investment moulding dated at around 1300 BC indicated that the lost wax technique may have influenced other regions in China.
Historians debate the origin of the development of the cannon but most evidence points to Turkey and Central Asia in the 18th and 19th century. The casting process of a cannon is a bit more complex with the use of a clay core, a template which has clay moulded around it and then broken out followed by an assembly in a casting pit that involves binding the casting with iron bands.
Types
Metal
In metalworking, metal is heated until it becomes liquid and is then poured into a mold. The mold is a hollow cavity that includes the desired shape, but the mold also includes runners and risers that enable the metal to fill the mold. The mold and the metal are then cooled until the metal solidifies. The solidified part (the casting) is then recovered from the mold. Subsequent operations remove excess material caused by the casting process (such as the runners and risers).
Plaster, concrete, or plastic resin
Plaster and other chemical curing materials such as concrete and plastic resin may be cast using single-use waste molds as noted above, multiple-use 'piece' molds, or molds made of small rigid pieces or of flexible material such as latex rubber (which is in turn supported by an exterior mold). When casting plaster or concrete, the material surface is flat and lacks transparency. Often topical treatments are applied to the surface. For example, painting and etching can be used in a way that give the appearance of metal or stone. Alternatively, the material is altered in its initial casting process and may contain colored sand so as to give an appearance of stone. By casting concrete, rather than plaster, it is possible to create sculptures, fountains, or seating for outdoor use. A simulation of high-quality marble may be made using certain chemically-set plastic resins (for example epoxy or polyester which are thermosetting polymers) with powdered stone added for coloration, often with multiple colors worked in. The latter is a common means of making washstands, washstand tops and shower stalls, with the skilled working of multiple colors resulting in simulated staining patterns as is often found in natural marble or travertine.
Fettling
Raw castings often contain irregularities caused by seams and imperfections in the molds, as well as access ports for pouring material into the molds. The process of cutting, grinding, shaving or sanding away these unwanted bits is called "fettling". In modern times robotic processes have been developed to perform some of the more repetitive parts of the fettling process, but historically fettlers carried out this arduous work manually, and often in conditions dangerous to their health.
Fettling can add significantly to the cost of the resulting product, and designers of molds seek to minimize it through the shape of the mold, the material being cast, and sometimes by including decorative elements.
Casting process simulation
Casting process simulation uses numerical methods to calculate cast component quality considering mold filling, solidification and cooling, and provides a quantitative prediction of casting mechanical properties, thermal stresses and distortion. Simulation accurately describes a cast component's quality up-front before production starts. The casting rigging can be designed with respect to the required component properties. This has benefits beyond a reduction in pre-production sampling, as the precise layout of the complete casting system also leads to energy, material, and tooling savings.
The software supports the user in component design, the determination of melting practice and casting methoding through to pattern and mold making, heat treatment, and finishing. This saves costs along the entire casting manufacturing route.
Casting process simulation was initially developed at universities starting from the early '70s, mainly in Europe and in the U.S., and is regarded as the most important innovation in casting technology over the last 50 years. Since the late '80s, commercial programs (such as AutoCAST and MAGMA) are available which make it possible for foundries to gain new insight into what is happening inside the mold or die during the casting process.
See also
Plaster Casting (Process) - Sand casting process with use of Plaster to fill gaps
References
Further reading
.
Sculpture techniques
Karakanakadal is a 1971 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by K. S. Sethumadhavan and produced by Hari Pothan. The film stars Sathyan, Madhu, Jayabharathi, Vincent, Sankaradi and Kaviyoor Ponnamma. It is based on the novel of the same name by Muttathu Varkey. The film won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Malayalam.
Plot
Cast
Sathyan as Thoma
Madhu as Kariya
Jayabharathi as Mary
Kaviyoor Ponnamma as Tharathi
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair as Muthalali
Sankaradi as Peelipochan
Shobha as Ammini (Child Artist)
T. R. Omana as Akkachedathi
Adoor Bhavani as Thoma's Mother
Adoor Pankajam as Maria
Alummoodan as Kunjaammoo
C. A. Balan as Pulayan Mathai
Kedamangalam Ali as Kollan Narayanan
Meena as Kunjeli
Murali as Mathaikkutty
Paravoor Bharathan as Ickochan
Vincent as Joy
Soundtrack
The music is composed by G. Devarajan, with lyrics by Vayalar Ramavarma.
References
External links
1970s Malayalam-language films
1971 films
Best Malayalam Feature Film National Film Award winners
Films based on Indian novels
Films directed by K. S. Sethumadhavan
Charles Laing Warr KCVO FRSE (1892–1969) was a Church of Scotland minister and author in the 20th century.
Life
Warr was born on 20 May 1892, the second son of the Reverend Alfred Warr, sometime minister of Rosneath in Dunbartonshire, and their wife, Christian Grey Laing. They were christened on 24 July 1892.
They were educated at Glasgow Academy and then studied Divinity at the University of Edinburgh. They were commissioned into the 9th Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders in 1914 and served during World War I. When peace returned they were an assistant minister at Glasgow Cathedral. Later they were the minister of St Paul's Greenock and then St Giles' Cathedral. They were Dean of the Thistle and the Dean of the Chapel Royal in Scotland from 1926 to 1969. They were appointed an Extra Chaplain to Their Majesty in 1926 and Chaplain-in Ordinary in 1934. They were a sub-prelate of the Order of St John of Jerusalem and an Honorary Chaplain to the King (and later an Honorary Chaplain to the Queen).
In 1936 they were elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh. Their proposers were Sir D'Arcy Wentworth Thompson, Arthur Crichton Mitchell, Edward Theodore Salvesen (Lord Salvesen), and Sir Thomas Henry Holland.
They died on 14 June 1969 and was cremated at Warriston Crematorium, where a memorial panel exists, but also has a panel on the family memorial in Rosneath Graveyard.
Publications
The Unseen Host: Stories of the Great War (1916) and sixteen later editions up to 2012
Echoes of Flanders (1917) and eleven editions up to 2012
Alfred Warr of Rosneath (1917) a biography of their father
The Black Chanter (1921)
John Knox: A Criticism
Principal Caird (1926)
The Call of the Island (1929)
Scottish Sermons and Addresses (1930)
The Presbyterian Tradition (1933)
Bruce (1936)
The Glimmering Landscape (1960)
Family
In 1918 they married Christian Lawson Aitken Tatlock (d.1961).
They had no children but were guardians of the Scottish sculptor Elizabeth Dempster.
References
1892 births
People educated at the Glasgow Academy
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders officers
Deans of the Chapel Royal in Scotland
Deans of the Thistle
Knights Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian Order
1969 deaths
20th-century Ministers of the Church of Scotland
Honorary Chaplains to the King
Sub-Prelates of the Venerable Order of Saint John
Ministers of St Giles' Cathedral
Okho is a composition for three percussionists by Iannis Xenakis completed in 1989.
Background
In the months before the creation of Okho, Xenakis spent some time with other percussionists such as Jean-Pierre Drouet, who first presented the djembe and the zarb in their studio. During this time, Xenakis and other percussionists worked on the different techniques used for playing some African instruments. The title Okho, unlike many other titles from Xenakis's output, is a pure combination of phonemes and has no meaning. The piece was a commission from the Festival d'automne à Paris and the Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations, with the support of the Government of France on the occasion of the celebration of the bicentenary of the French Revolution. Since the score calls for three djembes and an African bass drum, some scholars have highlighted the possible ironic reference to French colonialism, even though no such references were made explicit in the press.
Okho was completed in July 1989. It was dedicated to the percussion trio Le Cercle, formed by Willy Coquillat, Jean-Pierre Drouet, and Gaston Sylvestre, who gave the premiere that year on the ceremony celebrating the . It was eventually published that year by Éditions Salabert.
Structure
Okho is scored for three djembes and a large-sized African membranophone that are meant to be played with the hands except where otherwise noted. Because of its difficulty, some percussion ensembles choose to play this piece with sticks and drums with different pitches. It has a total of 138 bars an approximate duration of 13 minutes.
Sounds
As is customary in other works by Xenakis, Okho presents a series of predefined sounds determined both by the position of the hands on the djembe and the distinct modes of play for each of these positions. Xenakis uses up to six different sounds:
Bord clair: A rim struck to produce a clear sound, played mezzo-forte.
Bord claqué sec: A sharp crack on the rim, played forte.
Bord claqué résonnant: A resonant crack on the rim, played fortissimo.
Basse étouffée: A muffled bass, played mezzo-forte.
Basse normale: A normal bass, played forte.
Basse claquée: A loud crack on the bass, played fortissimo.
These six sounds are meant to be interpreted as different pitches, and Xenakis further specified three different pitches for bord clair in three additional sections: bars 25–32, 52–54, and 56–57. Xenakis also used accents in order to further differentiate some loud sounds and called for certain passages to be played with the nails and the wrists (extended techniques) in order to make glissandi. The bass drum is only played twice throughout the whole piece and is listed in the score as a basse profonde.
Sections
The piece is cast in one movement and there are no explicit section markings anywhere in the score. However, it has many tempo changes and some scholars agree that, in formal terms, the piece can be divided into five parts. The first part is a canon between the three musicians, marked "♪ = 120 environ". It uses a rhythmic pattern that Xenakis called "Tititi tata" in their sketches. However, from bar 13 onwards, the development process was automated using a program Xenakis developed throughout their career to build their musical language called GENDY (GEN for "generation" and DY for "dynamic") or GENDYN. In bar 25, Xenakis changes the tempo to ♪ = 56 and then alternates both tempos every few bars. Xenakis called these interspersing sections "χάος" (chaos).
The second section begins on bar 59, where the tempo changes to ♪ = 80. Here, Xenakis develops patterns that are based on the Fibonacci series. For example, the first percussionists start a pattern with 21 thirty-second notes, then repeats the pattern with 13, then 8, and so on, until there are no more numbers left in the series, where they use a roll ("ondulation" or glissando with the wrist) to turn around the series (first 1, then 2, then 3, then 5...). One of the only two appearances of the African bass drum is made near the end of this section.
The third section begins on the third beat of bar 80, marked ♪ = 66. Here, Xenakis requires the percussionists to use a stick for high-pitched sounds and the hand to low-pitched sounds. They use a "melodic-percussive rhythm" that was also used in Idmen B.
The fourth section begins on the second beat of bar 104, marked ♪ = 92. The material in this section was developed using the same means as the automated material from the first section.
The final section begins on bar 117. Even though Xenakis initially used ♪ = 70, they later changed their mind and used a slower tempo, ♪ = 56. According to Xenakis, the material used in this section is an exact copy of the music used in one of their other pieces for percussion, Rebonds A, composed that same year. The composer used different rhythms played over quintuplets and had two sections with polyrhythmic lines at tempo ♪ = 60 (bars 124-126 and, again, 130–132). Xenakis also used this method in Peaux. The piece ends at ♪ = 56, with a loud strike of the bass drum.
Recordings
Following is a list of some of the most notable recordings of the piece.
References
Compositions by Iannis Xenakis
1989 compositions
Contemporary classical compositions
William Glover (1653–1713) was the Acting Deputy Governor of North Carolina from 1706 to 1708.
Biography
William Glover was born in Farham (in modern Rappahannock, Virginia) in or around 1653. Their father was Richard Glover and their mother Mary Maria (Broeck) Booker.
Glover practiced law for many years before entering government work, where they served as a clerk of court and as secretary to the Crown. Between 1700 and 1712 they were part of the Executive Council, serving either as a member or as chairperson. During this time at the council, certain people became hostile towards him.
Between 1706 and 1707, while Thomas Cary was in South Carolina, Glover governed North Carolina in their place. In October of that year, John Porter, who was responsible for formally dismissing Thomas Cary, elected new members of the council. Glover who had been acting as governor, was formally elected to the position. However Cary and Glover were never able to resolve their problems.
Glover believed that Quakers should not be able to hold office, so they advocated for the swearing of an oath for every government position. This prevented Quakers from taking up any government position because their religion prevented them from swearing oaths.
However, in the summer of 1708, Porter called a meeting of councilors, both those who held that job at the time & those who had done it before, and declared the election of Glover as illegal. Porter decided to support Cary after Glover attempted to prevent Quakers from attaining public office. This resulted in Cary/Glover both trying to occupy governmental power, causing turmoil in North Carolina. In October 1708, they tried to resolve their conflict in the assembly. However, Cary's supporters controlled the assembly and elected them as governor. Glover then moved to Virginia alleging that Cary wanted to kill him.
Glover served as a trustee between 1711 and 1712 under Governor Edward Hyde, who supported Cary. Taking advantage of continuing tensions among Anglicans (supported by Glover) & dissidents (supported by Cary), Cary's Rebellion against Glover was waged. They died in 1713 at the age of 60.
Personal life
Glover married Mary Ann Burton on 22 October 1684 in Farham, Virginia. They had 5 children: Dorothy, Thomas, Charlesworth, Joseph and William Glover. They later remarried to Catherine Atwood on 7 October 1705 in Virginia, with whom they had one daughter, Elizabeth Glover.
References
1653 births
1713 deaths
Deputy governors of North Carolina (1691–1712)
Luther M. Turton (May 22, 1862 - April 27, 1925) was an architect in Napa, California. A number of their works are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Their full name was Luther Mark Turton.
They were born in North Bend, Nebraska.
Their works in Napa include:
Semorile Building (1888), 975 1st St., NRHP-listed,
Hackett House (1889), 2109 1st St.
William Andrews House, 741 Seminary St.
Goodman Library, 1219 1st St.
Old Napa Register Building, 1202 1st St.
Winship-Smernes Building, 948 Main St.
H. Schulz block
Behlow block
Miglavacca block
numerous residences in Napa
One or more works in Napa Abajo-Fuller Park Historic District.
Also, outside of Napa, they designed:
St. Helena Union High School, St. Helena
two bank buildings in Vallejo, California .
a business block which was built in San Francisco, designed with Henry Brown of Napa
and they also designed buildings in Coluso, Yolo and Solano counties.
They were also superintendent of construction on several buildings, including the Bank of Napa building, the First National Bank building in Napa, and two grammar school buildings.
References
American architects
Architects from California
Napa, California
1862 births
1925 deaths
The John Fuller House is a historic house at 463 Halladay Avenue in Suffield, Connecticut. Built in 1824, it was the main house for Suffield's town farm, its facility for supporting the poor and needy, between 1887 and 1952. It is a well-preserved example of Georgian architecture, then long out of fashion. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
Description and history
The John Fuller House is located in a rural area of central northern Suffield, on the west side of Halladay Avenue north of its junction with Blossom Street. It is a -story brick structure, with a side gable roof oriented perpendicular to the street. The main entrance is in the short street-facing facade, in the center-left bay of four. It is recessed within an opening with a rounded top, which is filled with a fanlight panel. A similar panel is found at the center of the gable above. The interior of the house has two rooms in the front, with a nearly straight-run staircase on the far right. Behind This is a single large chamber, original two that were combined by the removal of an intervening wall. Behind this is a narrow chamber running the width of the building, apparently originally used for storage. The second story roughly follows the downstairs plan. The interior retains original woodwork and some plaster.
The house was built in 1824 by George Fuller. It remained in the family until 1887, when it and the surrounding farmland were purchased by the town as a place to house its indigent population. The town had been incurring expenses since 1868 to care for the needy, and this purchase was apparently seen as a long-term cost reduction measure. Use of the farm declined beginning in the 1920s, and with expenses mounting, the town sold the property back into private ownership in 1952.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Hartford County, Connecticut
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Connecticut
National Register of Historic Places in Hartford County, Connecticut
Georgian architecture in Connecticut
Houses completed in 1824
Houses in Hartford County, Connecticut
Suffield, Connecticut
Protuliocnemis biplagiata is a species of moth of the family Geometridae first described by Frederic Moore in 1887. It is found in Indo-Australian tropics east to New Caledonia (it is not present on the Solomons and Vanuatu).
The larvae have been recorded on Acacia species.
External links
Geometrinae
The 2013 season was the New Orleans Saints' 47th in the National Football League and their 38th playing home games at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome. It also marked the seventh season under head coach Sean Payton, who returned to the team after serving a one-year suspension for their involvement in the team's 2012 bounty scandal.
The Saints improved their 7–9 record from last season, going 11–5 and making the playoffs as the sixth seed. They earned the franchise's first-ever road postseason victory, with a 26–24 win over the Philadelphia Eagles in the Wild Card round, ending the drought at 0–5. However, the Saints were eliminated by the eventual Super Bowl champion Seattle Seahawks in the divisional round, by a score of 23–15. The 2013 season was also the second time in three years the Saints went 8–0 at home.
Offseason
Signings
Re-Signings
Departures
2013 draft class
Notes
The Saints did not have selections in the second, fourth, or seventh rounds. They forfeited their second-round selection as part of the punishment for the team's 2012 bounty scandal. They acquired the No. 82 selection in a trade that sent two fourth-round selections, Nos. 106 and 109 overall, to the Miami Dolphins. The No. 106 selection had been acquired in a trade that sent running back Chris Ivory to the New York Jets. The Saints traded their seventh-round selection to the Seattle Seahawks in exchange for linebacker Barrett Ruud.
Staff
Final roster
Preseason
Regular season
Schedule
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.
Game summaries
Week 1: vs. Atlanta Falcons
With the win against Atlanta, the Saints began their season to 1-0.
Week 2: at Tampa Bay Buccaneers
Coming off a Week 1 win against Atlanta, the Saints face the Buccaneers. The Saints, however, had a close win against Tampa Bay, thus improving them to 2-0.
Week 3: vs. Arizona Cardinals
After a 2-0 start, they face the Cardinals. With a destruction win of 31-7, they improve to 3-0.
Week 4: vs. Miami Dolphins
They face the Dolphins at home. With the victory, they improve to 4-0.
Week 5: at Chicago Bears
With the win at Chicago, they improve to 5-0. This was the second time the Saints beat the Bears.
Week 6: at New England Patriots
The Saints meet the Patriots on the road. With a close loss, the Saints drop to 5-1, thus stopping their 5-game win streak.
Week 8: vs. Buffalo Bills
Coming off a loss to New England on the road, they face the Bills at home. With the win, they improve to 6-1.
Week 9: at New York Jets
Coming off with the win against Buffalo, they face the Jets on the road. Because of Demario Davis being their linebacker for New York (who eventually came to New Orleans in 2018), the Saints would lose this game, thus making their record 6-2.
Week 10: vs. Dallas Cowboys
The Saints would beat the Cowboys at home in the Superdome. This improves their record to 7-2.
Week 11: vs. San Francisco 49ers
The Saints eventually beat the defending NFC Champions, San Francisco 49ers. With the victory, they improve to 8-2.
Week 12: at Atlanta Falcons
The Saints beat the Falcons on the road. This not only brought the Saints' record to 9-2, but they also sweep the Falcons for the first time since the 2011 season.
Week 13: at Seattle Seahawks
The Saints meet the Seahawks on the road. Because of Russell Wilson and their Super Bowl-bound team, the Saints were destroyed. This brought their record down to 9-3.
Week 14: vs. Carolina Panthers
The Saints would beat the Panthers 31-13, thus improving to 10-3.
Week 15: at St. Louis Rams
The Saints meet the Rams on the road. The Rams, however, were able to hold onto their victory. The Saints drop to 10-4.
Week 16: at Carolina Panthers
At Bank of America Stadium, the Saints meet the Panthers again. The Saints fall to a close loss by 4 points. This drops their record to 10–5. This loss cost the Saints clinching a playoff berth, the NFC South, and a first-round bye. In addition, the Panthers moved ahead of the Saints in the NFC South.
Week 17: vs. Tampa Bay Buccaneers
The Saints were able to sweep the Tampa Bay Buccaneers for the second straight season with the victory. They not only finish the season with 11-5, but they also become the visitors for the Philadelphia Eagles at Lincoln Financial Field in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Standings
Division
Conference
Postseason
Schedule
Game summaries
NFC Wild Card Round: at #3 Philadelphia Eagles
For the first time since the 2006 Season, the Saints meet the Eagles in the playoffs. However, the Eagles were hosting them in their home stadium. At the end of the game, the Saints were trailing by 1 point, but Shayne Graham's field goal got them in the lead by 2 points and won the game.
NFC Divisional Round: at #1 Seattle Seahawks
The Saints meet the Seahawks again in the playoffs. This unfortunately made the Seahawks the winners and they advance to the NFC Championship, thus making the Saints surrender in this game. The Saints also finish the season with a 12-6 record.
References
External links
2013 New Orleans Saints at Pro-Football-Reference.com
New Orleans
New Orleans Saints seasons
New
Davao Chong Hua High School (), formerly known as Davao Chinese High School (1924—1976) and Davao Central High School (1976—2016), is the first Chinese school in Davao City, established on June 3, 1924. It is a private, nonsectarian school situated Sta. Ana cor. J.P. Laurel Ave., Davao City, Philippines.
History
The Davao Chong Hua High School, formerly known as the Davao Central High School and Davao Chinese High School, was founded on June 3, 1924. It traced its humble beginning to two rented classrooms at San Pedro Street with only 30 students. Seeing the necessity of acquiring a permanent school site, Don Francisco Villa-Abrille Lim Juna (林全份), a charter board member, donated a 10,000 square-meter lot, which became the present school site. The first building was a one-storey wooden structure. Classes were held in the new site in January 1925 with the aim of preserving and propagating Chinese language and culture. The school offered a dual curriculum in English and Chinese. It was then the only school in the City of Davao offering Chinese language.
After twenty years of development, three classroom buildings and one dormitory were constructed, with a student population of more than 300. However, toward the end of the Japanese occupation during the World War II, all but one building were destroyed. After the war, four more classroom buildings and one dormitory was constructed.
In 1965, the city government expropriated 1,789 square meters of the school property for the Sta. Ana Avenue, which cuts through the school campus. In 1976, in compliance with Presidential Decree No.176 Filipinizing alien schools all over the country, the name Davao Chinese High School was change into Davao Central High School.
From 1983 to 1998, the Board of Trustees under the leadership of the dynamic chairperson, Guilbert Go, completed the construction of the three-storey concrete buildings and one four-storey building. This paved the way to start the modernization of Davao Central High School.
Delfin Go succeeded Guilbert Go as the chairperson of the Board of Trustees in 1998. During their term, a modern three-storey building was constructed and named Tan Yan Kee Memorial Preschool in honor of the father of Dr. Lucio Tan, chairperson emeritus of the Board of Trustees. Another grand project, the Jolly Central Covered Court, was donated by an alumnus, Tony Tan Caktiong. After the term of Delfin Go, Chua Tun-Chuan and Jesus Uy succeeded one after the other, as the chairpeople of the Board. During their terms, the school continued to march achieving quality education.
School emblem
The school emblem, representing the five-leaf clover, is the national flower of China known as the "Mei Hua." The tiny pink flower blooms in the coldest winter. The colder the weather, the more the beautiful its bloom. This rare quality symbolizes nobility and the strength of the character, as well as courage and persistence. Hence, it was chosen as the school emblem for the same significance.
Community
Davao Chong Hua High School is part of the Filipino-Chinese schools in Davao City. Schools that teach Chinese are Davao Christian High School, Stella Maris Academy Of Davao, Colegio De San Ignacio, Philippine Academy of Sakya.
External links
Official Website of Davao Central High School
Chinese-language schools in the Philippines
Schools in Davao City
High schools in the Philippines
Deidre Sharon Brown (born 1970) of Ngāpuhi, Ngāti Kahu is a New Zealand art historian and architectural lecturer. Brown grew up in New Lynn, New Zealand and is of Māori, Pākehā and English descent. They attended the University of Auckland for both their undergraduate and graduate degrees. In 1997, they completed their PhD at the University of Auckland in New Zealand. Them 1997 thesis was titled Mōrehu Architecture which focused on Māori architecture between the years 1850 and 1950. After completing their education, Brown began to focus on teaching their specialty of Māori art history and architecture at universities.
Brown is currently teaching at the University of Auckland and is also the head of the School of Architecture and Planning. Additionally, they are a governor of the Arts Foundation of New Zealand, a member of the Māori Trademarks Advisory Committee of the Intellectual Property Office of New Zealand, and a member of the Humanities Panel of the Marsden Fund. In 2021 Brown was made a Fellow of the Royal Society Te Apārangi.
Career
Following their PhD in 1998, Brown began their academic career at the University of Canterbury School of Fine Arts, where they were a lecturer in the Art History department teaching Māori Art History. In 2003, Brown returned to the University of Auckland where they taught design and history in the School of Architecture and Planning.  They are now a professor at the School of Architecture and Planning, with research interests in Māori architecture and art, the relationship of art and curatorship to architecture, and intersections between culture and technology. They have published a number of books about art and architecture that focuses on their interests, specifically Māori art. Brown has also curated a number of exhibitions in galleries throughout New Zealand. Over the years, Brown has received a number of awards for their impactful work. Brown has worked at the University of Auckland for over a decade and was named as the next head of the School of Architecture and Planning beginning in January 2019.  They are the first indigenous female to head an architecture school.
Māori: academic focus
Brown's main academic focus is the history of Māori art and architecture. Them focus on this culture within their studies began because of their personal connection as a descendant of the Māori people. Many of Brown's work discuss the culture of the Māori tribes, honing in on the art and architecture.
The Māori are indigenous Polynesian people of New Zealand. They arrived in New Zealand between 1250 and 1300. The culture developed uniquely because of the people's isolation. They even developed their own language. Brown's work about Māori art and architecture reveals historical information about the distinct culture. Through much of their research new findings have developed about the isolated, indigenous culture.
Books
Brown has contributed and edited a variety of books connected to their interests of study.  They are the co-author of A New Zealand Book of Beasts: Animals in our History, Culture and Everyday Life with Annie Potts and Philip Armstrong in which their chapters examine the significance of animals in Māori and Pākehā art. Brown also wrote a book titled Māori Architecture that explores the different Māori-designed structures and space and their evolution over time. Brown continues to share their studies and interests of art and architecture with the world through research and literature.
Books Brown wrote or edited:
Brown, D. S., A. Potts and P. Armstrong, A New Zealand Book of Beasts: Animals in Our Culture, History and Everyday Life, Auckland University Press, Auckland.
2012 Brunt, P, S. Mallon, N. Thomas, D. S. Brown, S. Kuechler, L. Bolton and D. Skinner, Art in Oceania: A new history, Thames and Hudson & Yale University Press, London & New Haven.
2012 Brown, D. S. editor, Indigenising Knowledges for Current and Future Generations, Nga Pae o te Maramatanga and Te Whare Kura, Auckland.
2009 Brown, D.S., Maori Architecture, Raupo (Penguin) Publishing, Auckland, 187p.
2007 Brown, D.S. and N. Ellis, editors, Te Puna: Maori art from Te Tai Tokerau Northland, Reed Publishing, Auckland, 160p.
2005 Brown, D. S., Introducing Maori Art, Reed Publishing, Auckland, 76p. Reprinted by Raupo (Penguin) Publishing.
2005 Brown, D.S. Maori Arts of the Gods, Reed Publishing, Auckland, 95p. Reprinted by Raupo (Penguin) Publishing.
2003 Brown, D.S. Tai Tokerau Whakairo Rakau: Northland Maori Wood Carving, Auckland, Reed Publishing, 248p.
Awards
Brown has been widely recognised for their impactful and significant contributions to the art history world. In 2004 Brown's book Tai Tokerau Whakairo Rākau: Northland Māori Wood Carving won the NZSA E.H. McCormick Best First Book Award for Non-Fiction at the Montana New Zealand Book Awards. Art in Oceania: A new history received the 2013 Art Book Prize (Banister Fletcher Award) from the Authors' Club. Māori architecture: from fale to wharenui and beyond won the Art, Architecture and Design category in the 2009 Ngā Kupu Ora Māori Book Awards and was a finalist in the Illustrated Non-Fiction Category at the 2010 New Zealand Post Book Awards. Brown's dedication and passion for their studies has been acknowledged by numerous awards. In 2021, Brown was made a Fellow of the Royal Society Te Apārangi.
Awards Brown has received include:
Art Book Prize (2014) for Art in Oceania: A new history for the best art or architecture book published in English anywhere in the world in 2013
New Zealand Association for Research in Education (NZARE) Group Award (with five other investigators) for the Success for All: Improving Maori and Pasifika Success in Degree Level Studies project, 2012
Fellowship, International Central Networking Fund (ICNF), to establish collaborative postgraduate teaching linkages with the University of British Columbia and University of Queensland, 2011
Finalist, New Zealand Post Book Awards (Illustrated Non-Fiction category) for Māori Architecture, 2010
New Zealand Institute of Architects National Awards President's Award for contribution to the institute and the profession of architecture, 2010
Excellence in Equal Opportunity Award, University of Auckland, for Success for All: Improving Maori and Pasifika Success in Degree Level Studies project (with other investigators from NICAI, Education, Medical and Health Sciences, and Career Services), 2010
Nga Kupu Ora Māori Book Award (Art, Design and Architecture section) for Māori Architecture; finalist in Nga Kupu Ora Māori Book Award (Book of the Decade) for Tai Tokerau Whakairo Rakau: Northland Maori Wood Carving, 2009
Excellence in Equal Opportunity Award, University of Auckland, for NICAI Tuākana Research Assistants Workshop (with Dr Te Oti Rakena from Music, and Mona O'Shea and Matthew Tarawa from the Student Learning Centre), 2008
Tertiary Teaching Excellence Award, University of Auckland, for Collaboration in Teaching (with Drs Diane Brand and Rosangela Tenorio), 2007.
Innovation Award (for developing a ground-breaking project involving the arts) for the curation of LightSCAPE and Whare, Art and Industry Trust, 2004
Montana New Zealand National Book Award (E. H. McCormick Prize, Best First Book by an Author, Non-Fiction) for Tai Tokerau Whakairo Rakau: Northland Māori Wood Carving, 2004
References
Further reading
'Māori architecture – whare Māori' in Te Ara: The Encyclopedia of New Zealand, Deidre Brown
1970 births
Living people
People from Auckland
University of Auckland faculty
New Zealand art historians
New Zealand women academics
Ngāpuhi
Ngāti Kahu
University of Canterbury faculty
University of Auckland alumni
New Zealand Māori academics
Women art historians
New Zealand Māori women academics
Fellows of the Royal Society of New Zealand
New Zealand women architects
Archbishop Nikanor, (secular birth name Mikołaj Niesłuchowski; 8 March 1909 - 19 February 1985) was the Archbishop of Białystok and Gdańsk.
Life
They were born on 8 March 1909 in the village of Rowanicze in Belarus in the family of a psalmist. They graduated from primary school in Ostrówki in the Nesvizh poviat, where they arrived with their parents in 1912.
In 1930 they graduated from the Theological Seminary in Vilnius. In 1934, they graduated from the Orthodox Theology Department of the University of Warsaw with a master's degree in Orthodox Theology.
They were ordained a priest as a white (married) clergyman. Widowed in 1944, when their wife Olga died during the Soviet-German fights for the village of Jaczno in the Białystok region. The clergyman themselves was then injured.
On December 9, 1952, the metropolitan of Warsaw and all of Poland, Makary, presented to the council of bishops of the Polish Autocephalous Orthodox Church three candidates for clergy to accept bishop chirotony and take over the cathedral in Wrocław and Szczecin: Mikołaj Niesłuchowski, Jan Lewiarz and Archimandrite Stefan (Rudyk). From the presented proposals, the bishops chose Archimandrite Stefan.
In 1953 they were one of the members of the PAKP delegation at the restitution ceremony of the Bulgarian Patriarchate.
In 1964, while still a white clergyman, they were made a bishop. After making their perpetual monastic vows, during which they took the monastic name of Nikanor, they became auxiliary bishop of the Warsaw-Bielsko diocese with the title of the bishop of Lublin. They remained so from 1965 to 1966. They took over the Białystok-Gdańsk cathedral in 1966, when the former Białystok bishop, Stefan, became the metropolitan of Warsaw and of all Poland after the death of Metropolitan Tymoteusz.
By the decision of the Holy Council of Bishops in 1966, they were appointed the Ordinary of the Białystok-Gdańsk diocese. Ingres to the Białystok cathedral took place on May 8, 1966. In 1978 they were given the office of archbishop, and two years later they were given the right to wear a diamond cross on a headgear.
As an ordinary of the diocese of Białystok and Gdańsk, they unsuccessfully sought permission from the authorities to build a new Orthodox temple in Białystok, stressing that the existing churches were not sufficient to provide full pastoral care for the faithful. However, they only obtained permission to build a new Orthodox temple on a plot of land near the church of St. Mary Magdalene in Białystok. They refused to accept it, claiming that the existence of two sacred buildings in close proximity was pointless. They carried out a major renovation of the Cathedral of St. Nicholas in Białystok, and in 1979 they consecrated the new Orthodox Church of the Dormition of the Blessed Virgin Mary in Białystok-Starosielce
They personally conducted catechesis for children in the building of the All Saints parish in Białystok, where they also lived, they also initiated separate Holy Liturgies addressed in a special way to children.
They took part in the peace movement. They appeared at conferences on the participation of the Orthodox in the peace movement in Bulgaria, the USSR and Romania.
On 18 July 1981 they retired. They died four years later in Białystok and was buried in the parish cemetery of the All Saints parish.
They were registered as a secret collaborator of the SB with the pseudonym "Magister".
References
1909 births
1985 deaths
Bishops of the Polish Orthodox Church
Eastern Orthodox Christians from Poland
Pimchanok Luevisadpaibul (; born 30 September 1992), nicknamed Baifern (; lit. "Fern Leaf"), is a Thai actor and model.  They are best known for their lead role as Nam in the 2010 sleeper movie hit Crazy Little Thing Called Love with co-star Mario Maurer. They have been a freelance actor since 2016.
Early life
Pimchanok "Baifern" Luevisadpaibul, a Thai actor with a Chinese descent was born on September 30, 1992 in Dusit, Bangkok, Thailand. They started working in the Thai entertainment as a model for popular student shoes. At that time, they were studying grade 6 at primary school.
After that, they began to appear in short films, movies, and music videos.
They completed a bachelor's degree from Srinakharinwirot University in the Filmography department.
They rose to fame after playing ‘Nam' in the hit rom-com movie ‘A Little Thing Called Love' with co-star Mauro Maurer.
They have a younger brother named Field Jirathit.
Filmography
Film
Television series
MC
Online
2021 : FERNZONE EP.1 On Air YouTube:FERNZONE Channel
Music video appearances
Advertising
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Living people
1992 births
Pimchanok Luevisadpaibul
Pimchanok Luevisadpaibul
Pimchanok Luevisadpaibul
Pimchanok Luevisadpaibul
Pimchanok Luevisadpaibul
Pimchanok Luevisadpaibul
Pimchanok Luevisadpaibul
Pimchanok Luevisadpaibul
Pimchanok Luevisadpaibul
Pimchanok Luevisadpaibul
Pimchanok Luevisadpaibul
Pimchanok Luevisadpaibul
Pimchanok Luevisadpaibul
Pimchanok Luevisadpaibul
Female YouTubers
The men's light middleweight (71 kg/156.2 lbs) Low-Kick division at the W.A.K.O. European Championships 2006 in Skopje was the sixth heaviest of the male Low-Kick tournaments and involved fifteen fighters. Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Low-Kick kickboxing rules.
As there were too few fighters for a tournament designed for sixteen, one of the men received a bye into the quarter finals. The tournament gold medal was won by Konstantin Sbytov from Russia who defeated Serbian Milan Dragojlovic in the final via a unanimous decision victory. It was Konstantin's second gold medal in a row and their third overall (he had also won at Budva '04 and Agadir '05). Defeated semi finalists Michał Głogowski from Poland and Ludovic Millet from France, who would both go on to have successful pro careers, won bronze medals for their efforts.
Results
Key
See also
List of WAKO Amateur European Championships
List of WAKO Amateur World Championships
List of male kickboxers
References
External links
WAKO World Association of Kickboxing Organizations Official Site
W.A.K.O. European Championships 2006 (Skopje)
Pierre Joseph Martin Rollet or Martin-Pierre-Joseph Rollet (12 November 1824 – 2 August 1894) was a French surgeon, venereologist and dermatologist who served as a professor of hygiene at the Faculty of Medicine in Lyon. They were the first to separate chancroid and indurated syphilitic chancre and established that the incubation period for syphilis was three weeks.
Rollet was born in Lagnieu, son of a postmaster. They were sent to the Meximieux seminary at the age of nine and then went to the Royal College of Lyon before going to study medicine at the Medical School in Lyon. They then transferred to Paris. They became an intern in 1845 at the Beaujon Hospital under Stanislas Laugier. They hoped to become a surgeon at Hôtel Dieu but finally was admitted to the École de Antiquaille in 1850. They however joined service only in 1855, practicising in own clinic on rue Claudio in dermato-venerology for five years. In the nine years that they served, they specialized in syphilis. They were able to demonstrate that Philippe Ricord had confounded two diseases, the infection caused by a combination of Treponema pallidum and Haemophilus ducreyi, and true syphilis. In 1877 they were appointed to the chair of hygiene at the newly founded Faculty of Medicine at Lyon.
Rollet married Jullieron, daughter of notary Roanne in 1855. They had a son who became an ophthalmologist and a daughter who in their second marriage wed Alexandre Lacassagne, a forensic medicine pioneer. Rollet was made Knight of the Legion of Honor in 1864. Rollet died suddenly, they were to deliver a speech the next day while presiding over the Congress of Dermato-venerology in Lyon. They were buried at Beynost.
References
1824 births
1894 deaths
People from Lagnieu
French venereologists
Espérance Sportive de Mostaganem (), known as ES Mostaganem or simply 'ESM for short, is an Algerian football club in Mostaganem. The club was founded in 1940 and its colours are green and white. Their home stadium, Mohamed Bensaïd Stadium, has a capacity of 37,000 spectators. The club is currently playing in the Algerian Ligue 2.
On Mars 25, 2018, ES Mostaganem promoted to the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 2 after winning 2017–18 Ligue Nationale du Football Amateur "Group West".
On May 28, 2022, ES Mostaganem promoted to the Algerian Ligue 2.
Honours
Algerian Cup:
Runner-up (2 times): 1962–63, 1964–65
Algerian Third Division:
Champion (1 time): 2007–08
References
External links
Official fan website
Football clubs in Algeria
Association football clubs established in 1940
Es Mostaganem
Algerian Ligue 2 clubs
1940 establishments in Algeria
Sports clubs in Algeria
Spettekaka or spettkaka (spiddekaga in native Scanian) is a local dessert of the southern parts of Sweden, chiefly in the province of Scania (Skåne) but also in Halland. It is an important part of the Scanian culinary heritage. The name means "cake on a spit", and this describes the method of preparation: it is the Swedish variation on the spit cake.
Description
A mixture consisting mainly of eggs, potato starch flour and sugar is rolled slowly onto a skewer which is being rotated over an open fire or other heat source. The dessert thus produced is very dry. It is then wrapped in a subsequently sealed plastic bag to preserve its dryness. To stay crisp, the cake should only be unwrapped at the actual moment it is to be eaten. Spettekaka can range in size anywhere from a few inches to several feet in height and over a foot in diameter. The very large cakes are served by sawing cuboids from the cake, leaving as much standing as possible.
Spettekaka is frequently served accompanied by dark coffee, vanilla ice cream and port wine. A hacksaw blade is used to gently saw the dessert into serving sized pieces, as it will crumble or shatter if a knife is used or too much pressure is applied with the saw blade.
The world's largest spettekaka was baked in Sjöbo, Scania, in 1985, and is mentioned in the 1986 Guinness Book of Records. It was 3,6 m high and baked in one piece.
Skånsk spettkaka has PGI status under EU law.
Other regional varieties
Baumkuchen - Germany
Šakotis - Lithuania
Kürtőskalács - Hungary
Trdelník - Czech Republic and Slovakia - also with a PGI status
Sękacz - Poland
See also
List of desserts
List of spit-roasted foods
References
Swedish desserts
Scania
Swedish products with protected designation of origin
Spit cakes
Mount Zion Presbyterian Church, Mt. Zion Presbyterian Church, or Zion Presbyterian Church may refer to:
Mount Zion Presbyterian Church (Chandlersville, Ohio), listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in Ohio
Mount Zion Presbyterian Church (Sandy Springs, South Carolina), in Anderson County, South Carolina
Mt. Zion Presbyterian Church (Bishopville, South Carolina), listed on the NRHP in South Carolina
Mt. Zion Presbyterian Church (Relfs Bluff, Arkansas), listed on the NRHP in Arkansas
Zion Presbyterian Church (Clarkson, Nebraska), listed on the NRHP in Nebraska
Zion Presbyterian Church (Columbia, Tennessee), listed on the NRHP in Tennessee
The 10th Sarasaviya Awards festival (Sinhala: 10වැනි සරසවිය සම්මාන උලෙළ), presented by the Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Limited, was held to honor the best films of 1981 Sinhala cinema on May 29, 1982, at the Bandaranaike Memorial International Conference Hall, Colombo 07, Sri Lanka. Minister of Finance and Planning Ronnie de Mel was the chief guest at the awards night.
The film Sagarayak Meda won the most awards with eight including Best Film.
Awards
References
Sarasaviya Awards
1982 film awards
Sarasaviya
Sarasaviya
"The Gang Makes Lethal Weapon 7" is the second episode of the fifteenth season of the American sitcom television series It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia. It is the 156th overall episode of the series and was written by Keyonna Taylor and Katie McElhenney and directed by Pete Chatmon. It originally aired on FXX on December 1, 2021, airing back-to-back with the previous episode, "2020: A Year In Review".
In the episode, upon discovering that their self-made Lethal Weapon sequels have been pulled from the local library, the Gang decides to address their political incorrectness by making the sequel Lethal Weapon 7. The episode is a continuation of the 2010 episode "Dee Reynolds: Shaping America's Youth" and the 2013 episode "The Gang Makes Lethal Weapon 6", both of which involve the Gang recreating their own version of Lethal Weapon. The episode was described as a meta-commentary on previous episodes being removed from streaming due to their use of blackface.
According to Nielsen Media Research, the episode was seen by an estimated 0.237 million household viewers and gained a 0.11 ratings share among adults aged 18–49. The episode received positive reviews from critics, who praised the series' meta-commentary on the previous episodes and the performances of the cast.
Plot
The Gang's Lethal Weapon 5 and Lethal Weapon 6 films are removed from the local library, being deemed "insensitive" for their use of blackface. Frank is outraged at the decision but the rest of the Gang state it's time to move on from these and there's only something they can do to do the right thing: make Lethal Weapon 7.
The Gang intends to make a film that can be enjoyable for the modern ethical standards. For the first take, Dee plays Martin Riggs and Frank gets a local pimp named Pepper Jack (previously seen in "Mac Is a Serial Killer") to play Roger Murtaugh. Dee's poor acting, Frank demanding to have sex with a prostitute on screen, and Pepper Jack's attitude (as well as Dennis becoming terrified after remembering their last confrontation with Pepper Jack) prompt constant changes to the production. Mac can't bring themselves to give notes to Pepper Jack after Dennis tells them why they are scared of Pepper Jack, and lets Pepper Jack continue acting as himself. Mac also hires Artemis to be their assistant director.
In the second take, Dee has been dropped and Charlie now plays Riggs. The production still stalls due to Dee eventually finding they were replaced and Pepper Jack acting intensely in their role, which contrasts Murtaugh's intended personality. For the next take, they get "Don Cheadle", who posed as Donovan McNabb in "The Gang Gets Invincible" and as Tiger Woods in "Frank's Pretty Woman", to play Murtaugh and Pepper Jack is given Riggs' role. While the Gang is satisfied with their performances, they question Dee playing a villain named Karen White, thinking it will look bad to portray entitled white women as villains. They decide to make the villain a tidal wave. In the next take, the Gang is stunned at the poor quality of the film.
While the Gang considers other options, Dennis reveals that dating many younger women and rejecting their ideologies prompted them to dump him. They then found out that by agreeing to their ideology, they could use it for their advantage. They decide to do the "Woke thing" and hand over creative control to the imposter. On the screening of the film, which is now titled "White Saviors", a documentary that exposes their racism and ignorance. The Gang is angry at losing Lethal Weapon 7 and Mac proclaims that they must do something now: make Lethal Weapon 8 and they want to play Murtaugh again.
Production
Development
In November 2021, it was reported that the second episode of the fifteenth season would be titled "The Gang Makes Lethal Weapon 7", and was to be directed by Pete Chatmon and written by Keyonna Taylor and Katie McElhenney.
Writing
Rob McElhenney said that the episode served as a way to explore the Gang's use of blackface and acknowledge its wrong use, explaining "I find that my barometer is off for what's appropriate sometimes in situations because, like, we've spent 15 years making a show about the worst people on the planet, and because it's satire, we lean so heavily into this idea. And then we are always, like, right on the razor's edge, but that's the only way that satire works. And then I go and do something else, and I may be pitching something, and then I realize, like, oh, it's wholly inappropriate for the show what I'm doing because these are supposed to be real human beings, whereas, on Sunny, they are cartoon characters, and we can, kind of, get away with a whole lot more."
Reception
Viewers
In its original American broadcast, "The Gang Makes Lethal Weapon 7" was seen by an estimated 0.237 million household viewers and gained a 0.11 ratings share among adults aged 18–49, according to Nielsen Media Research. This means that 0.11 percent of all households with televisions watched the episode. This was a 17% decrease in viewership from the previous episode, which was watched by 0.285 million viewers with a 0.14 in the 18-49 demographics.
Critical reviews
"The Gang Makes Lethal Weapon 7" received positive reviews from critics. Dennis Perkins of The A.V. Club gave the episode a "B−" grade and wrote, "It's a fitting way for the episode to land what had been a shaky enterprise in on-the-nose comic storytelling, but these first two episodes both hint that the Gang could use some new scenery. On to Ireland, I guess."
Ross Bonaime of Collider wrote, "Mac accurately describes the last few years by saying The Gang has done 'a lot of learning, a lot of growing, and a lot of being scared.' It's a perfect encapsulation of what the world has gone through, and while we may be tired of reliving the recent past in entertainment, It's Always Sunny in Philadelphias fifteenth season comments on modern idiocy without the fatigue we've come to expect. If anything, it's almost comforting to know that all of the insanity in our world has been thanks to the five owners of Paddy's Pub."
Liz Shannon Miller of Consequence wrote, "The show also directly acknowledges how the world has changed in the season's second episode, 'The Gang Makes Lethal Weapon 7, which comments on the fact that the show's previous episodes featuring Lethal Weapon parodies are no longer streaming due to the very blatant use of blackface. Said comment is made most importantly by actually involving Black actors and Taylor, a Black writer, in the episode, while continuing to evolve the show's take on how to approach both its politically incorrect past while still poking fun at the unacceptable — and managing to be funny as hell in the process." Ray Flook of Bleeding Cool wrote, "Just like it seemed only right that The Gang's response to being shown the error of their ways with 'White Saviors' was to... you guessed it. Make 'Lethal Weapon 8'. Because The Gang is never more at its better than when it gives the audience a chance to learn while they stay obliviously trapped in their Paddy's bubble and we wouldn't have it any other way."
References
External links
It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia episodes
2021 American television episodes
Lethal Weapon (franchise)
The 2013–14 season was the 87th season in ACF Fiorentina's history, their 76th season in Serie A, and the ninth consecutive season since promotion from Serie B in 2003–04. Fiorentina competed in Serie A, in the Coppa Italia, and, having earned qualification by finishing fourth in the 2012–13 Serie A, in the UEFA Europa League.
Season review
The 2012–13 season was a drastic reversal of fortune from the 2011–12 season, in which Fiorentina was involved in a relegation battle. The club narrowly missed out on UEFA Champions League football, vying with Milan up until the last week of the season.
Fiorentina made its first foray into the 2013 summer transfer window merely days after the end of the 2012–13 Serie A by announcing the free transfer of Oleksandr Yakovenko on May 22. On May 31, it was announced that Marcos Alonso will be joining the club following the expiration of their contract at Bolton Wanderers. On June 12, Fiorentina announced that Spanish national Joaquín has agreed to sign on from Spanish club Málaga. Shortly after, the club stated that it will retain Juan Cuadrado after purchasing a 50% co-ownership rights from Udinese. On June 18, Fiorentina announced the signing of Gustavo Munúa, a goalkeeper, who transferred from La Liga club Levante. On June 20, Fiorentina and Torino reached an agreement regarding co-ownerships of Alessio Cerci (who will be fully owned by Torino) and Marko Bakić (will be fully owned by Fiorentina) with undisclosed fee.
Jersey kits for the upcoming season were presented in a ceremony on July 3, 2013 with a gray kit replacing the red and white third kit from last season. On July 4, the club announced the signing of Massimo Ambrosini on a free transfer following the expiration of their contract with Milan. On July 9, 2013, Parma announced the signing of Felipe from Fiorentina. The club sold Haris Seferovic to Real Sociedad on July 11. The next day on July 12, the club announced the transfer of Mario Gómez from Bayern Munich. On July 18, the club announced the sale of Stevan Jovetić to Manchester City. On July 23, the club announced the signing of Josip Iličić from Palermo.
On August 9, Fiorentina was drawn against Grasshopper Club Zürich for qualification into the group stage of the UEFA Europa League. Despite losing the 2nd leg at home 1–0, Fiorentina advanced to the Europa League group stage based on away goals after winning the leg at Zürich 2–1.
Players
Squad information
Last updated on 18 May 2014
Appearances include league matches only
Fiorentina Primavera
Squad number indicates first team number.
(c)
Transfers
In
Out
Larrondo, Llama, Migliaccio, Sissoko, and Viviano returned to their parent clubs after their loan periods expired on June 30, 2013. Luca Toni's contract expired on June 30, 2013, and they opted not to renew with the club.
Competitions
Overall
Last updated: 18 May 2014
Serie A
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
Coppa Italia
UEFA Europa League
Play-off round
Group stage
Knockout phase
Round of 32
Round of 16
Statistics
Appearances and goals
|-
! colspan=12 style="background:#9400D3; color:#FFFFFF; text-align:center"| Goalkeepers
|-
! colspan=12 style="background:#9400D3; color:#FFFFFF; text-align:center"| Defenders
|-
! colspan=12 style="background:#9400D3; color:#FFFFFF; text-align:center"| Midfielders
|-
! colspan=12 style="background:#9400D3; color:#FFFFFF; text-align:center"| Forwards
|-
! colspan=12 style="background:#9400D3; color:#FFFFFF; text-align:center"| Players transferred out during the season
Goalscorers
Last updated: 18 May 2014
Clean sheets
Last updated: 18 May 2014
Disciplinary record
Last updated: 18 May 2014
References
ACF Fiorentina seasons
Fiorentina
Fiorentina
Grini is a district in northeastern Bærum, Norway.
Concentration camp
The name Grini is best known from the concentration camp of the same name, but this camp lay further west and had no actual connection to the Grini area.
History
The name Grini is a variant of Granvin (a placename used elsewhere), and stems from spruce trees in the area. The Old Norse form was Grǫnin. The farm Grini is known at least since 1348, when it was parted into a northern and a southern part. Both farms belonged to the Church of Norway, but the crown usurped the property following the Protestant Reformation. The dwelling house was erected in 1658, three years before the property was sold from the crown to a private person. Between the mid-seventeenth century and the mid-nineteenth century the property was owned by the Leuch, Anker and Wedel-Jarlsberg families. It was bought by Ole Ellefsen Gjedsø in 1854; they later became mayor of Bærum. Grini was the easternmost farm in Bærum municipality, which at the time bordered Aker. (now: Oslo, following a 1948 municipal merger)
The border was the river Lysakerelva, and along it the Wedel-Jarlsberg family continued owning property. Smaller industry had developed alongside the river, including a mill, sawmill, brickworks and a lime burner. The sawmill was discontinued in 1888 due to a new sawmill being built further north at Fossum. The brickworks were closed in 1902, and the mill in 1904. From 1913 to 1946 a power station operated in place of the mill; it later became a furniture factory. Its purpose was to provide power for the industry at Fossum, but excess power was sold to locals.
Grini has lent its name to topographic features in this part of the Lysakerelva river. Grinidammen is the name of a small lake north of the waterfall Grinifossen. Grini Bridge runs over the small lake.
The area around the cotter's farm Bratli was built up in the 1930s, and the southern part of the Grini district was built up after World War II. The hill Grinilunden was used for a chapel.
Transportation
The road Griniveien, a part of the Norwegian National Road 168, cuts through the area. It was named so in 1926. The river crossing was moved northwards in 1978, as a new bridge has been opened in 1974. A part of the old road was downgraded to local road, moving the National Road further away from the residential area. Petitions have been made to move the road further north, but to no avail yet. Mainly, it is the area south of this road that has been developed. North of the road, some land has been used as a golf course which was inaugurated in June 2002.
The area was served by Grini station on the Oslo Metro between 1948 and 1995. Early plans for an extension of the line, then called the Smestad Line, involved Fossum, but later plans did not include this northern point. Construction of the extension into Bærum started in 1941, and involved erecting a railroad bridge over Lysakerelva. At times, the bridge would be been left unfinished for the time being, due to wartime hardships concerning economy and supplies. Locals then used the half-finished pillars as diving platforms. Grini station was finally opened in 1948, and was the terminus until 1951 when Lijordet (terminus) and Eiksmarka stations came. In 1972 Østerås station was added. In 1995, several stations on the line were rebuilt. Some were removed as they could no longer conform to the new standards of three cars (e.g. Volvat). Grini station was discontinued as well; it fell victim to low traffic because many passengers chose to walk over the Oslo border to Ekraveien station, from where the fare was cheaper.
References
External links
Neighbourhoods in Bærum
The Fox is a novel by British writer Frederick Forsyth, published in 2018 by Bantam Press. The story concerns an SIS Cyber operation run by Spymaster Adrian Weston.
Plot
The British Prime Minister calls Sir Adrian Weston, former Deputy Chief of the British Secret Intelligence Service, and asks them to handle a sensitive case. The computers of the Pentagon, the NSA, and the CIA have been hacked by a young British teenager, Luke Jennings, who was subsequently captured in an SAS raid in London. Weston, an ex-Parachute Regiment soldier-turned-MI6 officer, devises a plan to take advantage of Jennings' skills in order to cripple Iran's nuclear program, Russia's intensification programs, and North Korea's nuclear program. Weston is assisted by Special Air Service Captain Harry Williams, and Avigdor Hirsch, Mossad operative and former Special Forces soldier. Yevgeni Krilov, head of the SVR, recognizes Weston's fingerprints on the operation and tries to thwart the operation.
Reception
Reviews were good. The Washington Post called it "a classic thriller thats also eerily relevant". The Times similarly stated that this book proves that "Forsyth deserves their place among the thriller greats".
References
2018 British novels
American thriller novels
Novels by Frederick Forsyth
Bantam Books books
Writing Systems Research is a peer-reviewed academic journal, founded in 2009, relating to the analysis, use and acquisition of writing systems. The editors-in-chief are Bene Bassetti (University of Warwick) and Jyotsna Vaid (Texas A & M University). It is indexed and abstracted by SCOPUS.
The journal ceased publication in 2019.
See also
List of applied linguistics journals
References
Taylor & Francis academic journals
Linguistics journals
Victoria Azarenka was the defending champion but they chose to compete in 2010 Dubai Tennis Championships instead.Maria Sharapova won in the final 6–2, 6–1 against Sofia Arvidsson.
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
External links
Main Draw
Qualifying Draw
2010 Regions Morgan Keegan Championships and the Cellular South Cup
2010 in sports in Tennessee
Cellular South Cup - Singles
Oleg Viktorovich Ivanov (; born 29 July 1967) is a retired Russian professional footballer.
Club career
They made their professional debut in the Soviet Second League in 1988 for FC Krasnaya Presnya Moscow. They played 2 seasons in the Soviet Top League for FC Spartak Moscow.
Honours
Soviet Top League runner-up: 1991.
Soviet Cup winner: 1992.
Veikkausliiga champion: 1995, 1998, 1999, 2000.
Finnish Cup winner: 1997.
European club competitions
European Cup 1990–91 with FC Spartak Moscow: 4 games, 1 goal.
UEFA Cup 1991–92 with FC Spartak Moscow: 2 games.
UEFA Champions League 2001–02 with FC Haka: 2 games in the 3rd qualification round.
References
1967 births
People from Khimki
Living people
Soviet footballers
Russian footballers
FC Asmaral Moscow players
FC Spartak Moscow players
FC Haka players
FC Lahti players
FC Hämeenlinna players
Veikkausliiga players
Russian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Finland
Expatriate footballers in Denmark
Ikast FS players
FC Ilves players
Kotkan Työväen Palloilijat players
Soviet Top League players
Association football midfielders
Russian expatriate sportspeople in Finland
Russian expatriate sportspeople in Denmark
Sportspeople from Moscow Oblast
Juval Castle (German: Schloss Juval; ) is a medieval castle located at the entrance of the Schnalstal, in the Vinschgau, above the village of Naturns in the comune of Kastelbell-Tschars at around 1000 meters above sea level, in South Tyrol, northern Italy. It derives its name from the Latin name of the mountain, Mons Jovis (mountain of Jupiter).
The oldest account of the castle dates to 1278, when it was owned by Hugo of Montalban. It was probably constructed about thirty years before the first account referencing it. In 1368, it was acquired by the lords of Starkenberg, and in 1540, it passed to Sinkmoser. The period from its construction to the mid 1500s was the castle's heyday.
After several more changes of ownership, in 1813, it was sold to a local farmer, Josef Blaas. The castle was passed down through generations and was owned by the Blaas family until World War II, when it was taken over by the Nazis.
Since 1983, it has been the summer residence (July and August) of mountaineer Reinhold Messner, who has partially converted it into a museum displaying works of Tibetan art and a collection of masks from five continents. A later restoration of the castle was presided over by Vinschgau architect Karl Spitaler. It is one of the venues of the Messner Mountain Museum. The museum is closed in the summer months, when Messner resides in the castle.
Around the castle there is a path open to the public along which there are informational signs relating to the botanical features on the grounds. For private individuals, the castle is accessible only on foot with an hour-long walk or by using a special bus service.
References
External links
Juval Castle on the website of the Messner Mountain Museum
Castles in South Tyrol
Establishments in the Princely County of Tyrol
The Cosmocercidae are a nematode family in the superfamily Cosmoceroidea.
Genera
Genera within the family Cosmocercidae include:
Cosmocercoides Wilkie, 1930
Nemhelix Morand & Petter, 1986 - with the only species Nemhelix bakeri Morand & Petter, 1986
Aplectana, with 42 species, type: Aplectana herediaensis
References
External links
Nematode families
The 1935 Northern Illinois State Evansmen football team represented Northern Illinois State Teachers College—now known as Northern Illinois University—as a member of the Illinois Intercollegiate Athletic Conference (IIAC) during the 1935 college football season. Led by seventh-year head coach Chick Evans, the Evansmen compiled an overall record of 7–1–1 with a mark of 5–1–1 in conference play, tying for third place in the IIAC. The team played home games at the 5,500-seat Glidden Field, located on the east end of campus, in DeKalb, Illinois.
Schedule
References
Northern Illinois State
Northern Illinois Huskies football seasons
Northern Illinois State Evansmen football
John E. Arbuckle House, also known as Glenville State College Alumni Center, is a historic home located at Glenville, Gilmer County, West Virginia. It was built in 1910, and is a -story Queen Anne-style building. It is a wood-frame structure, with a brick veneer. It features an octagonal tower and classical porches.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in West Virginia
Queen Anne architecture in West Virginia
Houses in Gilmer County, West Virginia
National Register of Historic Places in Gilmer County, West Virginia
Houses completed in 1910
Glenville State College
The 2010 NRL season consisted of 26 weekly regular season rounds, starting on 12 March and ending on 5 September, followed by four weeks of play-offs culminating in the grand final on 3 October.
Regular season
Round 1
For the first time since 2006, the Penrith Panthers opened their season with a victory.
Round 2
Greg Inglis of the Melbourne Storm played their 100th club game.
Round 3
The Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks lost their 13th straight match, squalling the competition record for a losing streak since the NRL's inception in 1998.
The St George Illawarra Dragons' victory meant for the first time they won the first three matches of the season.
The Brisbane Broncos conceded the highest number of points ever in a home game.
The Roosters' 60–14 defeat was the highest number of points conceded for the team since the NRL inception in 1998.
Fuifui Moimoi of the Parramatta Eels played their 100th career club game.
Round 4
Nathan Cayless of the Parramatta Eels became the first player to record 200 games as club captain.
The crowd of 25,480 at Etihad Stadium recorded Melbourne's highest ever regular season home crowd figure.
The Sydney Roosters defeated the Brisbane Broncos at the SFS on Good Friday for the first time since 2003.
Tim Sheens of the Wests Tigers recorded their 300th victory as a coach.
The Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks ended their longest losing streak (13) this round.
The North Queensland Cowboys defeated the Gold Coast Titans at home for the first time.
Round 5
Round 6
Nathan Hindmarsh became the Parramatta Eels' most capped player, overtaking Brett Kenny by playing their 266th game.
Glenn Stewart of the Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles played their 100th club game.
Luke Priddis played their 300th career match with the St George Illawarra Dragons.
The Melbourne Storm fell to its first defeat at Etihad Stadium since 2001.
The Canberra Raiders' loss to the Roosters was their 12th successive defeat at the Sydney Football Stadium against that opposition, a record that stretches back to 1995.
Round 7
From round 7, the Melbourne Storm will not be allowed to earn any further competition points for the rest of the 2010 season due to salary cap breaches.
The Parramatta Eels won its first match at Dairy Farmers Stadium since 2000, whilst the South Sydney Rabbitohs won its first match in Canberra Stadium since 2005.
Round 8
This round Wests Tigers coach Tim Sheens became the first coach ever to reach 600 games.
Round 9
No club games were played on Friday night due to the 2010 ANZAC Test and City vs Country Origin representative matches being played on that day.
The Gold Coast Titans won their first ever game at EnergyAustralia Stadium.
The Brisbane Broncos became the first team to post a NRL victory at AAMI Park by defeating home team the Melbourne Storm. Their win was also the first in any Storm home ground (Olympic Park Stadium and Docklands Stadium) since 2003.
Round 10 - Heritage Round
The South Sydney Rabbitohs recorded their biggest win at the Sydney Cricket Ground.
Round 11
Players selected for Game One of the 2010 State of Origin series were unavailable to play NRL matches for this round.
Round 12
The Sydney Roosters ended their losing streak against Gold Coast Titans, having not beaten them since the 2007 NRL Season.
Round 13
Round 14
Players selected for Game Two of the 2010 State of Origin series were unavailable to play NRL matches for this round.
Round 15
Beau Ryan recorded the milestone of 1000 tries for the Wests Tigers.
Brett Finch of the Melbourne Storm played their 250th first grade game.
Round 16 - Women in League Round
Darren Lockyer reached 329 club games to achieve an individual record for the most club games at a single club and overtook Andrew Ettingshausen to become sixth for most club games played.
The St. George Illawarra Dragons played their 300th premiership match.
The Cronulla Sharks' golden point extra-time victory over the Cowboys equalled their greatest comeback in their club's history, coming from 18–0 down at halftime to achieve a 19–20 victory.
The South Sydney Rabbitohs defeated the Melbourne Storm for the first time since 2004.
The New Zealand Warriors won its first New Zealand match outside of Auckland since 2006.
Round 17
Players selected for Game Three of the 2010 State of Origin series were unavailable to play NRL matches for this round.
Nathan Cayless of the Parramatta Eels played their 250th club game.
The Wests Tigers defeated the Brisbane Broncos for the first time since 2006.
The Penrith Panthers recorded just its third win overall at WIN Jubilee Oval.
Round 18
Round 19 - Rivalry Round
Brett Kimmorley and Braith Anasta played their 300th and 200th games respectively.
The match between the Penrith Panthers and the Parramatta Eels recorded a CUA Stadium attendance record of 22,582.
Round 20
The Gold Coast Titans became the first Gold Coast franchise to ever win at Jubilee Oval.
The match between Wests Tigers and Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles at Bluetongue Stadium equaled the attendance record for the second time, being at full capacity.
Round 21
Anthony Minichiello of the Sydney Roosters played their 200th NRL game.
Jamie Soward of the St. George Illawarra Dragons played their 100th NRL game.
Round 22
Brad Tighe of the Penrith Panthers played their 100th game.
Round 23
Shane Flanagan won their first game as replacement coach for the Cronulla Sharks.
Nathan Merritt of the South Sydney Rabbitohs recorded 100 career tries.
The Penrith Panthers lost its first match at Campbelltown Stadium since 1996.
Round 24
Anthony Minichiello of the Sydney Roosters recorded 100 career tries.
Cooper Vuna of the Newcastle Knights recorded four tries against the Broncos to equal with Andrew Johns, Adam Macdougall and Darren Albert for the club record of most tries scored by a player in a match.
Michael Gordon of the Penrith Panthers scored 30 points (3 tries, 9 goals) against the Rabbitohs to surpass Ryan Girdler for the club record of most points in a match by a player.
Round 25
Adam MacDougall of the Newcastle Knights broke their club's all-time individual tryscoring record, surpassing Timana Tahu with 83 tries.
Canberra Raiders' captain Alan Tongue played their 200th first grade game.
Petero Civoniceva became the first (and only) player to be sent off this season and the first captain since the NRL's inception in 1998 to be sent off.
Round 26
Matthew Bowen of the North Queensland Cowboys played their 200th club game.
Matt Cooper of the St George Illawarra Dragons recorded 100 career tries.
The Canberra Raiders won its first match at Suncorp Stadium since 2004 and the first in Queensland since 2006.
The Brisbane Broncos will miss the finals series for the first time since 1991.
Parramatta Legend Nathan Cayless played their final game in the NRL due to their retirement. They hold the record for most games as captain in the NRL.
Finals series
Qualifying finals
By defeating the Warriors, the Gold Coast Titans achieved their first finals victory.
Manu Vatuvei of the New Zealand Warriors broke their club's all-time try scoring record, surpassing Stacey Jones with 78 tries.
Matt Cooper of the St George Illawarra Dragons broke their club's all-time try scoring record, surpassing Nathan Blacklock with 102 tries.
The match between the Wests Tigers and Sydney Roosters became the first finals match to be decided in golden point extra-time since its introduction in 2003, with the game taking 100 minutes before being decided. It was the Roosters first win in a finals series since 2004 and the Wests Tigers first ever finals loss.
The Canberra Raiders achieved their first finals victory since 2000, coincidentally against the Panthers, whilst the St George Illawarra Dragons achieved their first since 2006, again coincidentally against the same opposition and by the same score of 28–0.
2nd qualifying final
The 2010 NRL Second Qualifying Final was a rugby league match contested between the Wests Tigers and Sydney Roosters in the first week of the 2010 NRL finals series on 11 September 2010. The match is notable as it was the first finals match to be played under the golden point rule since it was introduced in 2003. The match was hailed as "one of the greatest matches in recent memory".
Background
Both the Sydney Roosters and Wests Tigers had qualified for the NRL finals series, held annually during September of every NRL season, after varying absences: the Roosters had finished last in 2009 after reaching the finals in 2008, whilst the Tigers had not reached the finals since winning the premiership in 2005. The Tigers recorded their best ever regular season by winning 15 of its 24 matches and finishing third on the ladder, both surpassing the previous records set in 2005, whilst the Roosters won 14 of their 24 matches to finish sixth at the end of the regular season.
The McIntyre Final Eight System, which was in place at the time, meant that the two teams were to be drawn against each other in the first week of the finals. The Roosters had won both of their meetings in the regular season, by 12 points in Round 2 and by four points in Round 8.
Match details
Team lists
1st half
The Tigers had three chances, through Gareth Ellis, to score the first try of the match within the first 13 minutes, however, on each occasion, they were denied: first after Todd Carney had dislodged the ball from their hands, the second after they were held up over the line by some desperate Roosters defence, and the third after Benji Marshall was penalised for an off-the-ball incident with Mitchell Pearce. They were, however, the most dominant team of the first half, scoring two tries, through Lote Tuqiri and Beau Ryan, to the Roosters' sole penalty goal (kicked by Carney), and taking a 10–2 lead into half-time.
Ellis was placed on report in the 18th minute for a high shot on Carney; they subsequently escaped any judiciary sanction over the incident.
2nd half
Blake Ayshford scored first for the Tigers eight minutes into the second half, and, following by a field goal by captain Robbie Farah soon after, the Tigers' lead had stretched to 15–2, and it appeared the match was won. However, the Roosters would score two converted tries, both set up by Todd Carney for captain Braith Anasta and Mitchell Pearce, to narrow the margin to 15–14 with less than ten minutes left to play in regular time.
Simon Dwyer later appeared to win the match for the Tigers with two minutes remaining when they hit Jared Waerea-Hargreaves hard in the 78th minute of play, thus dislodging the ball from the latter's hands. This won the Tigers a scrum feed inside the Roosters' half, however, after Benji Marshall had fed the scrum, the Roosters pounced on the loose ball, giving them one last chance to win the match in the final minute. After initially trying to go for a match winning try, the ball found the hands of Braith Anasta, who kicked the match-tying field goal with mere seconds left, to send the match into golden point extra time.
Golden point period
For the first time since golden point was introduced by the NRL in 2003, a finals match was to be decided by golden point. Whereas in a regular season match the final result would be a draw after neither team scored in ten minutes of golden point, in finals matches, the match goes on for an indefinite period until any team scored through any method (try, penalty goal, field goal).
Following a scoreless first five minutes of extra time, play continued indefinitely during which Robbie Farah, Todd Carney and Mitchell Pearce all missed attempted field goal shots until Shaun Kenny-Dowall was able to intercept a Liam Fulton pass and run sixty metres to score the match winning try in the 100th minute of the match, thus completing one of the greatest comebacks in Roosters history, winning the match 19–15.
Summary
1 No conversion on goal was required following Kenny-Dowall's try, as golden point rules stipulate that a try scored in golden point is not needed to be converted.
Legacy
In a match which pitted two of the game's entertainers (Benji Marshall and Todd Carney) up against each other, the match did not disappoint. It has been remembered as "one of the greatest Roosters victories of all time", as well as "one of the most epic matches in recent times". In particular, the final five minutes in regular time proved to be the most dramatic of the match, whereby Benji Marshall left the field injured, leaving the Tigers with only 12 men. The Tigers had failed to capitalise on a Roosters error with two minutes remaining in the match, allowing the Roosters to kick the match-levelling field goal in the final seconds of regular time, sending the match into extra time, which was remembered by many for its nail-biting finish.
Teams' subsequent schedules
The result of this match, and the format of the final eight system, meant that the Tigers would only survive in the finals series if at least one of the two higher-ranked teams (St. George Illawarra or Penrith) won their respective qualifying final ties against the Sea Eagles and the Raiders. The Panthers' loss to the Raiders left the Tigers at risk of an early elimination, however they survived after the Dragons defeated the Sea Eagles in their qualifying final. They were then drawn against the Canberra Raiders, the lowest-ranked of the qualifying final winners, in a match that was to be played at Canberra Stadium.
The Tigers narrowly defeated Canberra by 26–24, thus progressing them to the preliminary finals, where they were eventually defeated by the eventual premiers, St. George Illawarra, 13–12.
The Roosters were guaranteed to remain in the finals series, regardless of any other subsequent results. However, as the third-highest ranked of the four winning teams from the first weekend of the finals series, they had to play in the second week of the finals series; they were subsequently drawn against the Penrith Panthers, the highest-ranked loser from the qualifying finals. The Roosters won 34–12, to progress to the semi-finals, where they defeated the Gold Coast Titans by 26 points to eventually make the Grand Final. However, the finals series eventually took its toll on the Roosters and they were soundly beaten by the Dragons 32–8 in the premiership deciding match.=
Semi finals
The crowd of 26,746 at Canberra Stadium recorded the Raiders' highest ever home crowd figure.
The Sydney Roosters and Penrith Panthers played each other for the first time in the finals since the 2003 NRL Grand Final.
Preliminary finals
The Gold Coast Titans played their 100th game.
Grand final
See also
2010 NRL season
2010 in rugby league
References
National Rugby League season results
Results
Delph Locks or the Delph Nine are a series of eight (originally nine) narrow canal locks on the Dudley No. 1 Canal in Brierley Hill, in the West Midlands, England. They were opened in 1779, and reopened in 1967 following restoration of the Dudley Canal and the Stourbridge Canal in a joint venture between the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Society and the British Waterways Board.
History
The Dudley Canal and the Stourbridge Canal were originally planned as a single canal, for which a bill was submitted to Parliament in the spring of 1775. It was opposed by the Birmingham Canal Navigations, and so the project was split in two and resubmitted. Despite continued opposition by the Birmingham Canal, both canals were authorised by separate Acts of Parliament on 2 April 1776. The engineer Thomas Dadford was responsible for the construction of the Dudley Canal, which terminated at a flight of nine locks at its southern end. Construction was finished in June 1779, but the locks saw little use until the opening of the Stourbridge Canal, which took place in December. Dadford's son, also called Thomas, was engineer for the Stourbridge Canal. In 1787, discussions took place about amalgamating the two companies, but they remained separate, although they always worked closely together.
The bottom lock at Black Delph Bridge is at the termination of the Dudley Canal and forms the boundary with the Stourbridge Canal. The flight has distinctive waterfall overflow weirs, and rises from the Stourbridge level to the level of the Dudley No. 1 canal. The middle seven of the original 1779 locks were rebuilt in 1858 as six new locks, reducing the flight to eight. Some ruins of the old locks are visible to the side of the new.
The two canals ceased to carry commercial traffic, and by the early 1950s were unusable. The Inland Waterways Protection Society put forward a case for restoring the Dudley and Stourbridge Canals in 1959, but Dudley Tunnel to the north was officially closed in 1962. However, in 1964 the British Waterways Board and the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Society agreed to work on restoring both canals, and this early example of co-operation resulted in the locks reopening in 1967.
Location
The Delph Locks and surrounding landform the Delph 'Nine' Locks Conservation Area, Brierley Hill, Metropolitan Borough of Dudley. An iron roving bridge manufactured by Horsley Ironworks stands near the top lock, while the original lock-keeper's house, built in 1779 and modified in the nineteenth century, is a grade II listed structure, as it is one of only a few surviving houses of its type.
From the top of the flight, the Dudley Canal is level for to Blowers Green Lock and the junction with the Dudley No. 2 Canal. From the bottom of the flight, the Stourbridge Canal is level for the same distance to Leys Junction, where the Fens Branch heads to the north east and the Fens Pools reservoirs, while the main line descends through a flight of sixteen locks.
See also
Canals of the United Kingdom
History of the British canal system
Bibliography
References
External links
https://historicengland.org.uk/listing/the-list/list-entry/1228374 Grade II
Birmingham Canal Navigations
Canals in the West Midlands (county)
Lock flights of England
Brierley Hill
The Samsung Yepp U series is a line of USB key MP3 players made by Samsung and introduced in 2005 with the YP-U1. Samsung used to release a new device every year. Only the YP-U7 was released two years after the U6. It is the largest (7 models) and most durable (7 years) Yepp series. The most famous competitor is the Sony Walkman B series. In South Korea, the iRiver T series is also a main competitor.
All U players have a similar USB key form factor with a 1" 128x64 screen. They all support MP3, WMA and OGG files but some devices support more codecs. The U series is sometimes reproached with not being available in greater capacities than 4 GB and not having expandable storage unlike the famous Sansa Clip series.
Specifications
YP-U1
The YP-U1 was first announced in August 2005 then released in October 2005 in Asia and Europe and early November 2005 in the US. It first came in 3 capacities (256MB, 512MB and 1GB) and 2 colors (black and white). A 2GB version was later released early 2006.
It was Samsung's first mp3 player with an integrated USB key. The design was thus completely new but the firmware and the UI are very similar to previous models such as YP-MT6 and YP-C1. It has a 1" white FSTN LCD 128x64 screen. It features a voice recorder but no FM tuner. It uses a non-removable rechargeable battery with a stated runtime of 13 hours. It supports MP3, WMA, WAV, ASF and OGG files.
It features 3 EQ presets and a 9-band user EQ. The player also supports SRS WOW HD sound enhancement but only with the latest Korean firmware v3.150; latest EU and US firmware v3.152 does not include it. However, it is possible to install the Korean firmware on a European or American model.
The U1 is the only player from the U series along with the latest U7 to be UMS only in any geographical area.
YP-U2
The Samsung YP-U2 was first introduced at the CES in January 2006 then released in April 2006 in the US. It comes in 3 capacities (512MB, 1GB, 2GB) and 2 colors (black and white).
The YP-U2 was released in different versions depending on the geographical area: in Korea the U2 was MSC only, featuring an FM tuner. In the USA the U2 was sold as a MTP device (YP-U2J Janus) with an FM tuner too. In Europe two MSC versions were available: one without FM tuner and another one (YP-U2R) with a RDS FM tuner. Each version has its own firmware.
Overall the U2 is quite similar to its predecessor. The main differences concern the hardware: the USB port is no longer retractable and is covered by a transparent cap, allowing glowing effects with two blue LEDs. Also, it now has a negative screen (white font and black background). There is no major change in the firmware except the presence of the new DNSe sound engine, first introduced a few months ago on the YP-T7F.
YP-U3
The YP-U3 was first spotted end of March 2007, then officially announced in May 2007 by Samsung Japan and released in June/July in Asia and Europe. It was also released later in the USA.
It comes in 3 capacities (1, 2 and 4 GB) and 5 colors (Black, White, Blue, Green, Pink). Contrary to its predecessor, the U3 has touch controls (which was often criticized in reviews), a new blue OLED screen and a half-size sliding USB connector. The "now playing" screen and the DNSe effects are the same as on the U2 but the main menu is much different. It has a blue LED flashing randomly or when pressing a button.
Devices sold in Europe and the USA (YP-U3J Janus) are MTP and have a tags library. Moreover, the European models have the RDS feature. Devices sold in Asia and the rest of the world are MSC and have a file browser instead of the tags library.
It is unofficially possible to install a MSC firmware on a MTP YP-U3 but then the RDS support is lost.
The latest MSC firmware is v1.12 and the latest MTP firmware is v1.13.
YP-U4
The YP-U4 (aka Litmus) was first leaked in June 2008, then officially announced in July and finally released in August 2008 in South Korea in two capacities: 2 GB (69,000 won) and 4 GB (89,000 won). Later it was released in other Asian and European countries but strangely it was decided not to release it on some usual markets like France or the United States. It comes in 3 different colors: red, blue and purple. It supports MP3, WMA and OGG files and features a RDS FM tuner as well as FM and voice recording. In the user manual, the battery life is rated up to 16 hrs with MP3 128kbit/s files but due to the sleep mode this may be reduced.
It still has touch controls and a similar built-in sliding USB plug as the U3 but the plastic case design is quite different. Also, the OLED screen is no longer blue but displays 16-grey levels. The UI was also reworked compared to the U3: the vertical main menu changed to a horizontal menu, with some redesigned icons. And the "Now playing" screen now displays the album art if one is embedded in the tags. The U4 has three LEDs which can blink randomly or when pressing a button. It also has the standard DNSe 2.0 engine, including street mode, clarity, 3D and Bass effects as well as 10 EQ presets and a 7-band user EQ.
Samsung released 7 firmware versions for this device, from v1.17 on August 26, 2008 to the latest v1.34 released on August 27, 2009. Those are mainly bug fixes. According to the official changelog, firmware v1.32 fixes occasional playback noise but also shortens battery life by about 2 hours.
In KR (Korea) region code the U4 is MSC only while in EU (Europe) region code it is MTP by default with a PC connection (MTP or MSC) setting. The U4 is the first of the series to have a region code which may be changed with a config.dat file independently from the firmware file and the first one to allow both tags and files/folders navigation.
The YP-U4 was sometimes reproached with having a too sensitive and not accurate touchpad as well as a laggy UI.
YP-U5
The YP-U5 was unveiled at the CES in January 2009 then released in April 2009.
It is available in 5 colors: Black, Blue, White, Red, Pink and 2 capacities: 2 and 4 GB. A Hello Kitty edition with branded casing and packaging was released later in October 2009.
It features a plastic case and a non-retractable USB port contrary to the previous U3 and U4. The criticized touch buttons of the U4 were replaced by tactile buttons. It also has a RDS FM tuner as well as FM and voice recording.
The UI is almost the same as on the YP-U4 but it is much faster and smoother. The U5 introduces the "Popcon" characters, the fitness feature and the DNSe 3.0 core sound engine. The fitness feature consists of an estimation of burned calories depending on several parameters, including one's weight and the exercise type (walk slow, walk fast, run slow, run fast, hiking, cycle or yoga). There is no physical sensor so the result may be inaccurate. The DNSe 3.0 core is a "light" version of the usual DNSe 3.0 effects first introduced on the YP-Q1. Several features and settings like Clarity, Audio Upscaler, Wise Volume and Level Optimizer are lacking here, making the core version of the DNSe 3.0 worse than the standard version of the DNSe 2.0 embedded in the previous YP-U4 and several other players.
Samsung released 6 firmware versions, from v1.12 to the latest v1.57 released on October 18, 2010 but these are only bugfixes. AAC files are unofficially partly working in firmware v1.12 and older. The support was removed in firmware 1.33 and more recent.
YP-U6
The Samsung YP-U6 was first introduced at the IFA in September 2010 in Berlin then released early November 2010 in South Korea. It is available in full black or pink and white colors and in two different capacities: 2 and 4 GB (respectively 59,000 and 69,000 won). The U6 is the first of the series to have a color screen (4-line 128x64 CSTN LCD). However the UI is almost exactly the same as on the previous U5. It still displays the album art, now in color. This device also introduced the aluminum anodized casing instead of the usual plastic. The USB port is retractable with a slider like on the U3 and U4 but it now has a full size USB port, which is less fragile.
The DNSe sound engine was replaced by the new SoundAlive engine, first introduced in June 2010 on the YP-RB (only available in Korea). However, only a "light" version of the SoundAlive effects is embedded. Several features and settings present in higher-range Samsung players like Clarity, Audio Upscaler, Wise Volume and Level Optimizer are lacking. In the end, the U6 SoundAlive are close to the U5 DNSe 3.0 Core, only the EQ presets are different.
Samsung released 3 firmware versions for this device: v1.05, v1.09 (November 29, 2010) and v1.10. The latter was released on September 17, 2012, that is to say 2 years after the product release, which is quite unusual. No feature was added or improved, the releases only fixed some bugs, some of them related to the battery charging process.
YP-U7
The Samsung YP-U7 is the latest device from the U series first released early September 2012 in Russia. The French, Italian and German releases followed in November. Unusual fact, it was released on the Korean home market only months later, in February 2013. The YP-U7 was not released in the USA.
It is the first U player to come only in one memory capacity: 4 GB. Three colors are available: black, silver and pink.
Like the YP-U6 it features a 1" color 128x64 screen but with a different technology (TFT LCD instead of CSTN LCD), making it better quality according to the reviews. The sliding USB key of the U6 was replaced by a standard USB port and a plastic cap. As a result, the aluminum case is thinner but there is a risk to lose the cap. The U7 still features the same "now playing" screen as on the U5 and U6 but the main menu is different: the icons rotating like a cube are taken from the Android TouchWiz UI.
Compared to its predecessors which have a "user" (=shortcut) button allowing the user to assign only one specific function, the U7 has a "context menu" button like the players from higher-range, allowing the user to change specific settings without being obliged to go through the main menu and the general settings.
The U7 is the first one of the series not to include a voice recorder. Also, models sold in Europe (EU and FR region codes) do not have FM radio in software. Supposedly Samsung made this decision to avoid paying the European tax on FM tuners and therefore sell the device cheaper and/or increase its margin. However, the FM tuner is present in hardware in any U7. Therefore, it is possible to get the feature back on European models by changing the region code from EU/FR to KR. The trick is explained on the web. On the downside, since the FM tuner was not supposed to work in Europe, Samsung did not write the firmware code for RDS display although this feature is supported by the Silabs Si4709 FM tuner.
Like its two predecessors, the U7 has the study mode (repeat A-B and adjustable playback speed to learn foreign languages) and the fitness feature. But it no longer has a MTP setting, it is MSC only. Thus, DRM files are not supported.
Samsung only released two firmware versions for the YP-U7, the v1.01 and the latest v1.04 released on May 3, 2013. The changelog is unclear but they appear to fix only minor issues.
References
Samsung Electronics products
José C. Ferrer (born March 31, 1964 in San Juan, Puerto Rico) is a Puerto Rican jockey in Thoroughbred horse racing. They began riding in the United States in 1983 at Calder Race Course in Florida then at Monmouth Park and the Meadowlands Racetrack in New Jersey. On November 24, 1983 Ferrer became the first jockey to win five races on a single card at the Meadowlands.
José Ferrer was married for a time to jockey Rosemary Homeister, Jr.
José reached the 4,000-win milestone Feb. 14, 2016 at Tampa Bay Downs.
In 2018 José Ferrer was voted the George Woolf Memorial Jockey Award, a prestigious honor voted on by thoroughbred horse racing jockeys in North America. It is given to a jockey who has demonstrated high standards of personal and professional conduct, on and off the racetrack.
Year-end charts
References
Jose Ferrer's profile at Tampa Bay Downs
1964 births
Living people
American jockeys
Puerto Rican jockeys
The 1996–97 FA Cup (known as The FA Cup sponsored by Littlewoods for sponsorship reasons) was the 116th season of the FA Cup. The tournament started in August 1996 for clubs from non-league football and the competition proper started in October 1996 for teams from the Premier League and the Football League. The tournament was won by Chelsea with a 2–0 victory over Middlesbrough in the final at Wembley stadium.
Calendar
First round proper
Teams from the Football League Second and Third Division entered in this round plus four non-league teams were given byes to this round: Macclesfield Town, Northwich Victoria, Woking and Enfield. The matches were played on 16 November 1996. There were thirteen replays, with two ties requiring a penalty shootout to settle them.
Second round proper
The second round of the competition featured the winners of the first round ties. The matches were played on 7 December 1996, with four replays and one penalty shootout required.
Third round proper
The third round of the season's FA Cup was scheduled for Saturday, 4 January 1997, although fourteen matches were postponed until later dates. This round marked the point at which the teams in the two highest divisions in the English league system, the Premier League and the Football League First Division (now known as the Football League Championship). There were nine replays, with none of these games requiring a penalty shootout to settle it.
Fourth round proper
The Fourth Round ties were played with the thirty-two winners of the previous round. The matches were originally scheduled for Saturday, 25 January 1997, although six matches were not played that weekend. There was only one replay.
Fifth round proper
The Fifth Round matches were scheduled for Saturday, 15 February 1997. There was, again, only one replay.
Sixth round proper
The sixth round ties were scheduled for the weekend of 8–9 March. No replays were required.
Chesterfield defeated Wrexham 1–0 in a rare "all third-tier" quarter-final clash, while Middlesbrough's 2–0 win at Derby County moved them a step closer to their first-ever FA Cup final.
Semi-Finals
The semi-final ties were played at neutral venues on 13 April 1997. Middlesbrough and Chelsea came through their ties (with Middlesbrough requiring a replay against second division side Chesterfield) to reach the final.
Wimbledon, playing the semi-finals for the first time since they were FA Cup winners nine years earlier, had their hopes of FA Cup glory ended by a semi-final defeat at the hands of Chelsea, who had not played in an FA Cup final for 3 years. This came just weeks after Wimbledon had been eliminated from the League Cup semi-finals.
Middlesbrough, on the other hand, reached the FA Cup final for the first time in their history, but only after a 3-0 replay win over a Chesterfield side that had given them a serious run for their money in the first match with a 3–3 draw after taking a 2–0 lead and having a goal ruled out despite the ball crossing the line, therefore narrowly missing out on being the first "third tier" side to reach an FA Cup final.
Replay
Final
The 1997 FA Cup Final took place on 17 May 1997 at Wembley Stadium and was won by Chelsea with a 2–0 victory over Middlesbrough. Di Matteo scored the fastest ever goal in FA Cup Final history 43 seconds after kick-off, beating Jackie Milburn's record from the 1954–1955 final of 45 seconds, which was only beaten in 2009 by Everton's Louis Saha (27.9 seconds). Chelsea were attempting to win their first FA Cup final for 27 years, while Middlesbrough were contesting their first ever final. Chelsea took to the field on the back of something of a renaissance under Dutch manager Ruud Gullit, having recorded their best league finish for a decade. Middlesbrough, on the other hand, began the final having been relegated from the Premiership and also been losing finalists in the League Cup.
It was Chelsea's first major trophy for 26 years, while Middlesbrough had never played in an FA Cup final or won a major trophy before.
Match details
Media coverage
For the ninth consecutive season in the United Kingdom, the BBC were the free to air broadcasters which was their last before ITV took over while Sky Sports were the subscription broadcasters.
The matches shown live on the BBC were: Manchester United 2–0 Tottenham Hotspur (R3); Chelsea 4–2 Liverpool (R4); Leicester City 2–2 Chelsea (R5); Sheffield Wednesday 0–2 Wimbledon (QF); Chelsea 3–0 Wimbledon (SF) and Chelsea 2–0 Middlesbrough (Final)
References
FA Cup Results 1996-97
FA Cup seasons
FA Cup
1996–97 in English football
The 1968 Mississippi State Bulldogs football team represented Mississippi State University during the 1968 NCAA University Division football season. The Bulldogs finished winless on the year, although they did manage to tie two teams that finished with winning records, including rival Ole Miss, led by star quarterback Archie Manning.
Schedule
References
Mississippi State
Mississippi State Bulldogs football seasons
Mississippi State Bulldogs football
Racing-Club de Revière-Pilote (RC Rivière-Pilote) is multi-sports club from Rivière-Pilote, Martinique.
RC Rivière-Pilote participates in football, handball, basketball, and athletics.
However, the most prominent and important sport of the club, is football. RC Rivière-Pilote is considered one of the better football clubs of Martinique.
Founded in 1961, the main football team of RC Rivière-Pilote has been playing in Division d'Honneur since 1974. The Martinican politician, Alfred Marie-Jeanne was the president of RC Rivière Pilote for 23 years, from 1967 to 1990.
The current president of the club is Marcel Pujar.
Stadiums
For their matches, RC Rivière-Pilote plays in Stade Alfred Marie-Jeanne (formerly known as Stade En Camée) which has a capacity of 3,000. The club trains in Stade du bourg.
Achievements
Martinique Championnat National: 5
1982, 1983, 2008, 2010, 2012.
Coupe de la Martinique: 4
1978, 1981, 2011, 2013.
Trophée du Conseil Général: 1
2012.
Ligue des Antilles: 1
2006
Performance in CONCACAF competitions
CONCACAF Champions' Cup: 2 appearances
1984 – unknown results
1989 – Third Round (Caribbean Zone) – Lost against FC Pinar del Río 3–2 on aggregate (stage 4 of 5)
The club in the French football structure
French Cup: 2 appearances
1977/78, 1981/82
References
External links
2007/08 Club info at Antilles-Foot
Official Website – le site officiel du Racing Club Rivière-Pilote
Football clubs in Martinique
Association football clubs established in 1961
1961 establishments in Martinique
Mickey Bey Jr. (born June 27, 1983) is an American professional boxer and former IBF lightweight champion.
Professional career
Bey vs. Rodriguez
On February 2, 2013, Bey defeated Robert Rodríguez by third-round knockout, but tested positive for testosterone in the post-fight drug test. They were fined $1,000 and suspended for three months.
Bey vs. Vazquez
On September 13, 2014, Bey defeated Miguel Vázquez by twelfth-round split decision to win the IBF lightweight title, their first world title. This bout was on the card of Floyd Mayweather vs. Marcos Maidana II.
Vacating the IBF lightweight title
Bey was scheduled to face Denis Shafikov as their first defence, on April 30, as an ESPN2 main event in Las Vegas. Moretti and Leonard Ellerbe of Mayweather Promotions were even able to make a deal for the bout despite the poor relationship between the companies. However, Bey ultimately turned down a purse of about $200,000, and the bout was cancelled on short notice. The bout was then put up for a purse bid, and Top Rank, the only bidder, won the promotional rights with an offer of $78,000.
Although Bey signed a contract to go to Macau, China, to make a mandatory defence of their lightweight world title against Shafikov on July 18, they have again backed out of the fight and they vacated the title on July 3, 2015, having failed to defend the title once. Whilst they did ultimately vacate the title the IBF were on the verge of stripping them for failing to meet their contractual obligation to face their mandatory challenger.
Bey vs. Barthelemy
Bey fought Rances Barthelemy on 3 June 2016, for the IBF lightweight championship of the world. Barthelemy won by split decision. The scorecards were announced as 117-110, 110-117, 116-111 in favor of Barthelemy.
Bey vs. Kambosos Jnr
George Kambosos Jnr fought Bey on 14 December 2019 at Madison Square Garden in New York. Kambosos Jnr won by split decision in their 10 round contest. The scorecards were announced as 94-95, 97-92, 96-93 in favor of Kambosos Jnr.
Professional boxing record
See also
List of lightweight boxing champions
References
External links
Mickey Bey - Profile, News Archive & Current Rankings at Box.Live
1983 births
Living people
Boxers from Cleveland
American male boxers
African-American boxers
Lightweight boxers
World lightweight boxing champions
International Boxing Federation champions
National Golden Gloves champions
Doping cases in boxing
21st-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
HMS Trompeuse was the French privateer brig Coureur that the British Royal Navy captured in 1800. They were sold for breaking up in 1811.
French brig
The origins of HMS Trompeuse are subject to some confusion. Two reputable sources state that they were the privateer brig Trompeuse that captured on 4 March 1800. However, on that date Révolutionnaire captured the privateer Coureur.
Coureur or Courier was a privateer commissioned in Nantes in 1797 under Pierre Arnoux, with 150 men and 10 guns.
When captured, Coureur was pierced for 18 cannon but carried ten 6-pounder guns and four carronades; they had a crew of 158 men. They were 20 days out of Nantes on their first cruise and had captured "His Majesty's Ship" Princess Royal, which had been sailing to Tortola. The captain and most of the crew of Princess Royal were on board Coureur. Captain T. Twysden of Revolutionnaire described Coureur as being "quite new,..., Copper-bottomed, and sails delightfully." Revolutionnaire brought Couriere into Cork.
Royal Navy
Coureur arrived at Plymouth on 21 May 1800 and was laid up. They then underwent fitting in July to August 1803, Commander Matthew Godwin having commissioned them as HMS Trompeuse on 23 June 1803, for the Irish Station. They then cruised off the south-west coast of Ireland until 30 September 1804. (He had been promoted to post captain on 8 May.)
Commander John Shortland replaced Godwin and sailed them to the coast of Guinea. While there they were promoted to post captain in the sixth rate following the death there of their captain.) The Admiralty confirmed the appointment when Squirrel returned to England later that year.) Trompeuse returned to Deal from Africa on 25 July 1805.
Commander William Brooking Dolling replaced Shortland.
On 9 April 1806 Trompeuse sent into Dover Augusta Carolina, Harnicks, master, which had been sailing from Liverpool to Embden.
On 19 February 1809, Trompeuse, , and the brig-sloop were in company when Rolla recaptured the American ship Factor. Factor, of New York, Johnstone, master, had been sailing from Tenerife when a privateer captured them the day before between Beachy Head and Dungeness. The British sent them into Dover. The same privateer had also captured a brig, which the excise cutter Lively had recaptured and sent into the Downs.
On 15 May Trompeuse was in company with off the coast of France. They observed 11 French armed schuyts east of Boulogne. As Trompeuse came up, the schuyts tried to get into Ambleteuse, but three of them overshot the harbour and had to go round Cape Grisnez. That night boats from Trompeuse and Badger captured two schuyts, each armed with mounting two 6-pounder guns and two howitzers, and having 13-man crews. Despite heavy small arms fire from the beach and gunfire from shore batteries, the cutting-out party succeeded in bringing them out; the third schuyt was driven on the rocks. Trompeuse had one man slightly wounded. The French had two men wounded and six men threw themselves into the sea. The two captured schuyts came into Dover.
Commander John Hardy Godby replaced Dolling in September.
Fate
The "Principal Officers and Commissioners of Their Majesty's Navy" offered the "Trompeuse Sloop, of 380 tons", lying at Sheerness, for sale on 12 November 1810. They may not have sold at that time because reportedly they were broken up at Sheerness in March 1811.
Notes, citations, and references
Notes
Citations
References
1790s ships
Privateer ships of France
Captured ships
Sloops of the Royal Navy
Proseilemmene was a Roman town in ancient Anatolia; possibly of ancient Phrygia or of Galatia. Its site is not located specifically but is west of Lake Tuz in Asiatic Turkey.
References
Populated places in ancient Galatia
Former populated places in Turkey
Populated places in Phrygia
Lost ancient cities and towns
Roman towns and cities in Turkey
Georg Tage Eugen von Boisman (12 August 1910 – 4 April 1985) was a Swedish modern pentathlete. They competed at the 1936 Summer Olympics and finished tenth.
References
External links
1910 births
1985 deaths
Swedish male modern pentathletes
Olympic modern pentathletes of Sweden
Modern pentathletes at the 1936 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Umeå
Swedish Army generals
Damond Powell Jr. (born October 31, 1992) is an American football wide receiver who currently plays for the Sioux Falls Storm of the IFL. They were signed as an undrafted free agent by the Arizona Cardinals after the 2015 NFL Draft. They played college football at Iowa.
Professional career
Arizona Cardinals
On May 5, 2015, Powell signed to the Arizona Cardinals as an undrafted free agent On July 29, 2015, Powell was placed on the reserve/non football injury list after being shot in the face. On March 10, 2016, they were released.
Cedar Rapids Titans
On January 31, 2017, Powell signed with the Cedar Rapids Titans of the Indoor Football League. Powell was named First Team All-Indoor Football League at the conclusion of the 2017 season.
Sioux Falls Storm
On May 29, 2018, Powell signed with the Sioux Falls Storm of the Indoor Football League. After their stint with the Sioux Falls Storm they got signed to the practice squad of the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League.
Tucson Sugar Skulls
On July 27 2021, Powell signed with the Tucson Sugar Skulls of the Indoor Football League.
Personal life
On July 25, 2015, Powell was wounded by gunfire outside their Ohio home and was hospitalized. They were shot in the jaw and the neck.
References
1992 births
Living people
American football wide receivers
Iowa Hawkeyes football players
Cedar Rapids River Kings players
Sportspeople from Toledo, Ohio
Snow Badgers football players
Harry Lee McGinnis popularly known as Hawk (born August 28, 1927), is an American traveler doing a 129,000 km around-the-world walking tour. They started in Dublin's St. Patrick's day parade of 1992, and by March 2008 has completed 66 countries.
They started on their first walking expedition in August 1983, aged 55, setting off on a 4-year walk. to go in and through all the 50 states of the continental United States. They finished in April 1987. According to the "Hawk", they tour the world by walking. Planes, ships and other modes of transports are used only when necessity called for it.
"I've said many times it's a dream that probably built up because my grandfather took National Geographic and I read that before I was six years of age. I was taught to read by using the NG magazine. It became a favourite of mine and all the pictures of faraway places with those strange-sounding names.".
In news
News in Yahoo
BBC video story
See also
List of pedestrian circumnavigators
References
External links
Their own website
McGinnis
Possibly living people
1927 births
Stierling's woodpecker (Dendropicos stierlingi) is a species of bird in the family Picidae. It is native to Malawi, Mozambique, and Tanzania where its natural habitat is tropical dry forests in the Eastern miombo woodlands ecoregion. It is threatened by habitat destruction. The bird is named in honour of the German bird collector N. Stierling.
Description
This woodpecker grows to a length of about . The sexes are different, being distinguished by the male having a red mid-crown and nape and the female having a brown crown with pale streaks and a black nape. The upper parts of both sexes are plain olive brown and the underparts white or cream with brown markings. The face, neck, chin and throat are white. A brown band extends from the eye across the ear coverts, and a brown malar streak extends to the breast. The wings are brown above and white below, and the tail is brown with a buff tip and pale underside. The beak is grey with a paler base, the legs are grey or olive and the iris of the eye reddish.
Distribution and habitat
The species is endemic to southeastern Africa, its range including southern Tanzania, southwestern Malawi and northern Mozambique. It is a resident species inhabiting open miombo woodland but avoiding dense forest. It is found at altitudes of up to .
Ecology
Stierling's woodpecker forages for insects, centipedes and other invertebrates in the middle and upper parts of the canopy. It mostly searches on branches between in diameter; this may prevent undue competition between it and the cardinal woodpecker (D. fuscescens), which forages mainly on smaller branches and twigs. It sometimes flies into the air to catch winged termites, but it is less adept at this than are some other species of woodpecker. Breeding is thought to take place between July and October, the nest being made in a hole in a tree.
Status
D. stierlingi has a rather limited range and is patchily distributed, being a generally uncommon species. The miombo woodland in which it lives is increasingly being cleared for firewood, especially in areas of tobacco cultivation, where open fires are used for drying the crop. As suitable habitat shrinks, it is dependent on remnants of the woodland and on forest reserves, and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being "near-threatened".
References
Stierling's woodpecker
Birds of East Africa
Stierling's woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
JSC Lokomotiv Kurastyru Zauyty (, AQ Lokomotıv qurastyrý zaýyty) is a subsidiary of Kazakhstan's national railway company Kazakhstan Temir Zholy which builds TE33A locomotives at a factory in Nur-Sultan which was opened by President Nursultan Nazarbayev on 3 July 2009.
References
External links
АҚ Локомотив құрастыру зауыты
Companies based in Astana
Companies of Kazakhstan
Locomotive manufacturers of Kazakhstan
Locomotives of Kazakhstan
Kazakhstani brands
The administration of John Lee as Chief Executive of Hong Kong, or Lee administration, officially referred to as "The 6th term Chief Executive of Hong Kong" relates to the period of governance of Hong Kong headed by Chief Executive John Lee, starting from 1 July 2022.
Background and election
With the legislating of the National Security Law constraining the pro-democracy movement and the opposition camp, there was virtually no opposition in Hong Kong. Legislation were passed in the legislature without obstacle, especially after 2021 election which saw electoral changes being implemented afterwards, affecting the composition of the Legislative Council.
In the 2022 Chief Executive election, John Lee, promoted from Secretary for Security to Chief Secretary for Administration a year ago, received the approval of the Candidate Eligibility Review Committee to stand in the election and was the sole candidate of the leadership race, backed by the pro-Beijing camp. Receiving 99% of votes in the 1,461-member Election Committee, Lee was chosen as the Chief Executive of Hong Kong.
Lee received the appointment from Chinese Premier Li Keqiang on 30 May 2022.
Cabinet
It was reported on 16 June 2022 that John Lee had decided on the members of their Executive Council. The official list was announced on 19 June after the State Council approved the nominations by Lee. Four of the senior officials were under the United States sanctions after the imposition of the National Security Law in Hong Kong, including Chief Secretary nominee Eric Chan, former Direction of Immigration. One-third of the cabinet ministers are from the civil service, although the two highest-ranking positions were occupied by former officers from Disciplined Services. Some believed the government will continue the focus on security.
The Legislative Council passed a government restructuring package on 15 June, adding new deputies to the Chief Secretary, Financial Secretary and Secretary for Justice, as proposed by incoming Chief Executive John Lee. Two new bureaus were created, with some existing revamped to transfer responsibilities to the new departments.
Ministry
|}
Other posts
Commissioner of Police: Raymond Siu
Commissioner of the Independent Commission Against Corruption: Woo Ying-ming
Director of Audit: Nelson Lam
Director of Immigration: Au Ka-wang
Commissioner of Customs and Excise: Louise Ho
Executive Council non-official members
The new members of the Executive Council was announced on 22 June 2022.
References
2022 establishments in Hong Kong
Chief Executives of Hong Kong
Hong Kong Government
The Carmen Suites are two suites of orchestral music drawn from the music of Georges Bizet's 1875 opera Carmen and compiled posthumously by their friend Ernest Guiraud. They adhere very closely to Bizet's orchestration. However the order of the musical allusions are in reversed chronological order, and do not adhere to the operatic versions entirely, although the Suite is directly inspired by Bizet's opera.
Guiraud also wrote the recitatives for Carmen, and compiled the second of the two suites from Bizet's L'Arlésienne incidental music.
Each of the Carmen Suites contains six numbers. Both suites have been performed and recorded many times.
Carmen Suite No. 1
Prélude – Act I, prelude (fate motive)
Aragonaise – Interlude (entr'acte) before act 4
Intermezzo – Interlude (entr'acte) before act 3
Séguedille – Act 1, Carmen: "Près des remparts de Séville"
Les Dragons d'Alcala – Interlude (entr'acte) before act 2
Les Toréadors – Theme from prelude to act 1 and Procession of the Toreadors from act 4: "Les voici! voici la quadrille des Toreros!".
Suite No. 1 was published c. 1882.
The Aragonaise was also used by Pablo de Sarasate in their Carmen Fantasy for violin and orchestra and by Franz Waxman in their own Carmen Fantasie.
Carmen Suite No. 2
Marche des Contrebandiers – Act 3, chorus: "Écoute, écoute, compagnon!"
Habanera: Act 1, aria (Carmen) – "L'amour est un oiseau rebelle"
Nocturne: Act 3, aria (Micaëla) – "Je dis que rien ne m'épouvante"
Chanson du Toréador – Act 2, introduction and aria (Escamillo): "Votre toast, je peux vous le rendre"
La Garde Montante – Act 1: "Avec la garde montante, nous arrivons, nous voilà!"
Chanson Bohème – Act 2, Gypsy Dance: "Les tringles des sistres tintaient"
Suite No. 2 is longer than the first suite. It was published in 1887.
References
External links
Orchestral suites
1882 compositions
1887 compositions
Compositions by Georges Bizet
Compositions for symphony orchestra
Arrangements of classical compositions
Umberto Simonetta (4 April 1926 – 25 August 1998) was an Italian playwright, writer and lyricist. They were described as "an unclassifiable artist" and "a wanderer between different genres".
Born in Milan, Simonetta grew up in Switzerland where their father had been forced to move as an anti-fascist.
They started their career working in couple with Guglielmo Zucconi as a radio writer and a playwright. They wrote several novels, some of them adapted into films such as Normal Young Man by Dino Risi and I viaggiatori della sera by Ugo Tognazzi. They directed the Teatro Gerolamo in Milan from 1979 until It's close in 1983. As a lyricist, they often collaborated with Giorgio Gaber.
In their later years Simonetta collaborated with the newspaper Il Giornale as a theatrical critic and was one of the screenwriters
of the sitcom Nonno Felice. They died of tumor.
References
External links
1926 births
Writers from Milan
1998 deaths
Italian lyricists
Italian television writers
Italian radio writers
20th-century Italian novelists
20th-century Italian male writers
Italian dramatists and playwrights
20th-century Italian screenwriters
Italian male screenwriters
Male television writers
Taskala (, ) is a district of West Kazakhstan Region in western Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the selo of Taskala. Population:
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
West Kazakhstan Region
Prof. Emeritus Dr. Direk Lavansiri () is the Professor Emeritus of Engineering at Chulalongkorn University.
In 2002 and 2003, Lavansiri was awarded the Thailand Quality Class Award for Performance Excellence, under the “organization” category.
References
Direk Lavansiri
Living people
Direk Lavansiri
1949 births
2nd Visual Effects Society Awards
February 18, 2004
Best Visual Effects - Motion Picture:
The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King
The 2nd Visual Effects Society Awards, given on February 18, 2004, honored the best visual effects in film and television. The ceremony was held at the Hollywood Palladium and an edited version was broadcast on TechTV.
Winners and nominees
(Winners in bold)
Honorary Awards
Lifetime Achievement Award:
George Lucas
Film
Television
References
External links
Visual Effects Society
2003
2003 film awards
2003 television awards
2003 guild awards
Charles Saint-Prot (26 January 1951) is a French geopolitician and writer.  They are a historian specializing in international relations and geopolitics, in particular, questions of the Middle East and the Islamic world. Saint-Prot is the director of the Observatoire d'études géopolitiques (Observatory of geopolitical studies) in Paris, a research center on the international relations, and is the director, with Zeina el Tibi, of the publication Etudes géopolitiques
The Observatory of Geopolitical Studies (OEG) is a French institute, which has the aim of contributing to the promotion of scientific research in the various fields of geopolitics. A Council of orientation gathers a team of academics, researchers, specialists and diplomats. The Observatory of geopolitical studies has its seat in Paris, an office in Beirut and correspondents in many countries.
Saint-Prot is doctor in political science and searcher at the Institute of International, European and Comparative Law (Faculté de droit de Paris Descartes), specializing in Islamic law.
They have about 30 publications to their credit, some of which have been translated into English and Arabic.
A specialist of Islam
Saint-Prot published Islam. L'avenir de la Tradition entre révolution et occidentalisation (Paris, ed. Le Rocher), Islam.The Future of Tradition between Revolution and Westernization ( Le Rocher publisher, Paris) in 2008.
The main subject of this book is Islam and the challenge of the future between revolutionary sectarianism and westernization. Nowadays Islam has become a main concern to the world. Words as "Islamism", "radical Islam", "salafism", "wahhabism", are often used without a clear meaning and content. Saint-Prot explains how orthodox Sunni Islam succeeds in bringing together the largest number of the Muslims with a creed, legal principles and rules which were defined by the traditionalist current. Tradition never rejected reformism and cannot be compared with rigid conservatism or with minority, but active, trends defined by their radical revolutionary sectarianism. Far from encouraging the radicalism whose most spectacular consequence is terrorism, the Tradition is the voice of Islam which tries to reconcile faith and respect of the immutable dogma and nowadays evolutions by the way of ijtihad (effort at reasoning to find a solution to a legal question)
Saint-Prot develops a new analysis of great traditionalists as Ahmed Ibn Hanbal or Ibn Taymiyyah, and having as a main reference the works of the pre-reformist Mohammed Abdul Wahhab. The thesis studies the developments and evolution of the traditionist doctrines, especially from a socio-political and legal point of view, since the first centuries of Islam up to now, taking into account the important reformist trend with thinkers as Al Afghani, Mohammed Abdu, Rashid Rida or Abdul Rahman Al Kawakibi.
This book demonstrates that the Islamic Tradition is a better answer to the sectarian extremists drifts than a westernization which would lead to the denial and loss of the Muslim identity, which is distinguished by a symbiosis between the temporal and the spiritual.
Works
La France et le renouveau arabe, Paris, Copernic, 1980.
Présence de l'Islam (dir.), Paris, 1983.
Les mystères syriens, Paris, Albin Michel, 1984 (Traduit en arabe, Le Caire)
Saddam Hussein. Un gaullisme arabe Paris: Albin Michel, 1987 (Traduit en arabe, Bagdad). Prix Dupleix.
Yasser Arafat, Paris: Jean Picollec, 1990 (traduit en arabe).
L'Europe déraisonnable (collectif).Paris: F.X. de Guibert-Valmonde, 1992.
Le nationalisme arabe, Paris: Ellipses, 1995 (traduit en arabe, Alger, 1996).
L'Arabie heureuse, Paris; Ellipses, 1997 (traduit en anglais et en arabe).Prix de la Société de géographie de Paris.
Histoire de l'Irak, Paris, Ellipses, 1999.
La pensée française, Paris-Lausanne: L'Âge d'homme, 2002.
French Policy toward the Arab World, Abou Dhabi, ECSSR, 2003 (traduit en arabe).
Le Liban regard vers l'avenir (dir.), Paris: OEG-Études géopolitiques, 2004.
L'Arabie saoudite à l'épreuve des temps modernes (dir. avec Zeina el Tibi), Paris: OEG-Études géopolitiques, 2004.
L'eau, nouvel enjeu géopolitiques (dir. avec Zeina el Tibi), Paris: OEG-Études géopolitiques, 2005.
Djibouti au cœur de la géopolitique de la Corne de l'Afrique (dir. avec Zeina el Tibi), Paris: OEG-Études géopolitiques, 2005 (traduit en anglais).
Géopolitique du Soudan (dir. avec Zeina el Tibi), Paris: OEG-Études géopolitiques, 2006.
Les églises évangéliques et le jeu des États-Unis dans le monde arabe. Bruxelles: Solidarité-Orient, 2006 (traduit en flamand)
La politique arabe de la France, OEG Études géopolitiques 7, 2007.
France and the Arabian Gulf (col.), Abou Dhabi: ECSSR, 2007.
L'Arabie saoudite face au terrorisme, dir., Paris: OEG-Karthala, Études géopolitiques 8, 2008.
Quelle union pour quelle Méditerranée ?, dir. avec Zeina el Tibi. Paris : Observatoire d'études géopolitiques, Études géopolitiques 9- Karthala, 2008.
Islam: l'avenir de la Tradition entre révolution et occidentalisation. Paris, Le Rocher, 2008 (traduit en arabe et en anglais, 2010).
Le Maroc en marche (dir.). Paris : CNRS éditions, 2009.
Western Perception and Attitudes Towards Islam, Abu Dhabi, ECSSR, 2010, traduit en arabe.
L'enjeu du dialogue des civilisations, dir. avec Jean-Pierre Machelon. Actes du colloque de Riyad (mars 2009) sous le haut patronage du roi Abdallah Ibn Abdelaziz al Saoud et du Président de la République française, M. Nicolas Sarkozy. Paris : Observatoire d'études géopolitiques, collection Études géopolitiques 10- Karthala, 2010.
L'Occident et l'Islam. Abou Dhabi : ECSSR, 2010, en arabe.
Vers un modèle marocain de régionalisation, dir. avec Ahmed Bouachik et Frédéric Rouvillois, Paris-Rabat, CNRS éditions et Remald, 2010.
La tradition islamique de la réforme, Paris, CNRS éditions, 2010, traduction en arabe, Le Caire, Centre national de la traduction, 2013, trad. en espagnol, Barcelone, ed. Bellaterra, 2014..
L'Islam et l'effort d'adaptation au monde contemporain. L'impératif de l'ijtihâd, dir., Paris, CNRS éditions, 2011.
Mohammed V ou la monarchie populaire, Paris-Monaco, Le Rocher, 2011, trad. en arabe, Rabat, Marsam, 2015.
La Constitution marocaine de 2011, lectures croisées, dir. avec Ahmed Bouachik et Michel Degoffe, Rabat, Remald, 2012.
La finance islamique et la crise de l'économie contemporaine, dir. avec Thierry Rambaud, Paris, OEG-Karthala, col. « études géopolitiques 11 », 2012, 120 p. Prix TURGOT-FFA de la Francophonie, trad. en arabe.
Le Mouvement national arabe. Emergence et maturation du nationalisme arabe de la Nahdaa au Baas, Paris, Ellipses, 2013, 176 p.
L'exception marocaine, dir. avec Frédéric Rouvillois, Paris, Ellipses, 2013, 282 p.
L'évolution constitutionnelle de l'Égypte, dir. avec Jean-Yves de Cara, Paris, OEG-Karthala, col. « études géopolitiques 12 », 2014, 184 p.
Sahara marocain, Le dossier d'un conflit artificiel, sous la direction de Charles Saint-Prot, Jean-Yves de Cara et Christophe Boutin, Paris, éditions du Cerf, 2016, 320 pages [www.editionsducerf.fr/librairie/livre/17647/sahara-marocain], translated in English
"Handbook on the Question of Moroccan Sahara", in 4 languages (French, English, Arabic and Spanish), avec JY de Cara et C. Boutin, Paris, éditions du Cerf, 2017
"Géopolitique des Émirats arabes unis", Paris, éd. Karthala, collection « études géopolitiques », 2019.
"Mohammed VI, ou la monarchie visionnaire", Paris, éd. du Cerf, 2019.
References
External links
OEG
Charles Saint-Prot on data.bnf.fr
1951 births
Living people
French political scientists
French orientalists
French scholars of Islam
St John's Anglican Church is a heritage-listed church at 278 Ford Street, Berserker, Rockhampton, Rockhampton Region, Queensland, Australia. It was built in 1912. It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 5 August 2003.
History
St John's Mission Church, a small Gothic-style timber building, was constructed in mid-1912 in Ford Street, North Rockhampton, in the heart of the district known as "Kanaka Town". It was the second place of worship to be built on the site, replacing a small mission room erected there in 1896.
South Sea Islanders (known as Kanakas) had been arriving in Rockhampton from the 1860s, indentured to work on the district's sugar cane plantations and inland pastoral properties. The first group were 189 men from Tanna, 30 of whom went to Peak Downs and 40 to the Barcoo.
Efforts were made by the Church of England to reach the South Sea Islander people in the Rockhampton district in the 1880s, coinciding with the formation of a new parish of North Rockhampton, and the movement leading to the establishment of the Church of England Diocese of Rockhampton in 1892. By 1889 there were 200 Islanders in Rev. Francis Drinkall Pritt's parish of North Rockhampton, 78 of whom where employed by the Yeppoon Sugar Company. Support of the South Sea Islander community by the Diocese extended to aiding Islander people to purchase land in the Creek and Ford Street area by registering property in the name of the Church or parish priest.
The site of St John's Mission Church was purchased in 1891 by Edward Costello. Their association with South Sea Islanders has not been established, but in 1896 the South Sea Islander community of North Rockhampton erected St John's Mission Room on this land, with their own materials and labour. It was dedicated on 5 May 1896. The first baptisms of five men and four women from the South Sea Islander community took place at St John's Mission Room on 19 June 1896 and the first marriage there was celebrated on 15 December 1896. The South Sea Islander community used the small mission room for their weekday meetings and Sunday School, while worshipping at St Barnabas' Church, located about a kilometre away. The South Sea Islander community of North Rockhampton had been closely involved in the levelling and clearing of the St Barnabas' site in 1896. On 24 January 1899, the day of the dedication of St Barnabas' Church, a special service for South Sea Islanders was held, in which the greater part of the service was conducted in the Motu (Mota) language.
With their dedication to the Christian faith evident in their everyday life, the South Sea Islander community in Rockhampton was supported by the clergy, parish and synod in their fight against the Australian Government's Pacific Island Labourers Act of 1901, which would force South Sea Islander people to return to their islands. The Synod of 1904 petitioned the Commonwealth Government on the Islanders' behalf to prevent their forced removal back to islands. This was especially pertinent for the Australian-born children of Islander families, and those who had lived as Australians for many years within the community.
By 1910 the mission room constructed near the present site of St John's Church had suffered major white ant damage, and plans were made to replace this building with a church of sturdier construction. On 19 January 1910 the site was acquired by the Anglican Diocese of Rockhampton for £10, and fund-raising for construction of a church commenced. By May 1912 the South Sea Islander community, working without parish assistance, had raised £60 for the construction of St John's Mission Church, the cost of which was estimated at £80.
The foundation stone was laid by Bishop of Rockhampton, George Halford, on 25 May 1912. About 30 South Sea Islanders were present and that the Bishop, clergy and people present proceeded round the site of the church, making their offerings at the foundation stone as they passed it while singing "Onward, Christian Soldiers". The church was completed and fenced by the end of October 1912 and the remaining £20 debt was cleared by the mission congregation in March 1913.
Two weekly services were held at the church, one on Sunday afternoons led by Frank Solomon, and another every Tuesday evening led by the Vicar. Born in the Solomon Islands, Mr Solomon was a lay reader and regularly led the congregation in evensong and services. After a lifetime of dedication to the church Frank Solomon, the Vicar's representative on the first St John's Mission Church Committee in 1912, died on 5 October 1945.
In the 1910s the South Sea Islander community of North Rockhampton expanded as families became more settled. By June 1913 a Sunday School had been established at St John's, and in 1916 the church building was enlarged with the addition of a sanctuary to the eastern end. By a silver wattle had been planted to the south of the building.
St John's Mission Church had an association for many years with the people of Menapi, Papua, who have on a number of occasions dedicated gifts to the North Rockhampton church. One of the most impressive is a clam-shell font on a carved pedestal.
St John's Church celebrated its 50th anniversary on Sunday 28 October 1962. Improvements made to the church for its anniversary included cladding the exterior with fibrous-cement sheeting and painting, which was carried out by a team of voluntary workers. Two weeks later Mrs Pasawi and Mrs Crutwell from Menapi dedicated two pictures to St John's, one of the Last Supper and the other of Bishop George Ambo. It is possible that the pine trees either side of the front entrance to the church were planted around the time the front entry porch was enclosed.
Weekly services and Sunday School at St John's were an integral part of the South Sea Islander community at North Rockhampton and continued with few interruptions until recent times, when growth and expansion of South Sea Islander families has widely distributed community members throughout North Rockhampton and surrounding district. A small congregation still attends Sunday services at St John's. Although Sunday School no longer functions at the church, special services such as funerals or christenings and events on the Christian calendar, draw large attendances. St John's Church remains a significant part of the streetscape of Ford Street, and represents the physical, spiritual and material growth and development of the South Sea Islander community within Rockhampton.
Description
St John's Anglican Church is situated in Ford Street, North Rockhampton, in the heart of "Kanaka Town". It is a small, timber-framed building, rectangular in form, with a main gable-roofed core, a hipped-roof sanctuary at the eastern end, and a small, skillion-roofed entry porch at the western end. The small, box-like church with its steeply pitched gabled roof of corrugated iron, pointed arch windows, original single-skin boarding and exposed stud walls expresses elements of Gothic style.
Most of the exterior of the building is clad with fibrous-cement sheeting, laid over the original chamferboard single-skin exposed-stud construction. The whole rests on timber stumps which vary in height from at the western end, to at the eastern end. All stumps have been either replaced or repaired.
The sanctuary at the eastern end of the building is windowless and is clad with weatherboards. The originally open-sided front entry porch at the western end of the building has side walls of fibrous-cement sheeting, each with a small rectangular window, and is accessed via central timber stairs. There is a skillion awning across the front of the church and the porch. The eastern internal wall of the porch is the original exposed-frame external wall of the main building, with the original timber double-entry doors which give access to the main hall.
There are two pointed arched windows in each side wall of the main hall, but the arched tops are now covered by fibrous-cement sheeting externally and are only evident from inside the church. Beneath each arch are two hopper windows.
The interior walls of the main hall and of the sanctuary are lined with single-skin chamferboards, now painted. The chamferboards in the main hall, which is of the earliest construction, are wider than those in the sanctuary. The ceilings of both spaces have been lined with later fibrous-cement sheeting, which gives the appearance of continuity between the two sections. Flooring throughout is timber boards, but the floor of the sanctuary is raised.
In the main hall two rows of timber pews are arranged either side of a central aisle. Attached to the walls of this space are plaques and donated religious pictures. Suspended from the ceiling frame that lies between the sanctuary and main hall is a large timber crucifix. A framed print of Jesus and their disciples is positioned centrally along the wall above a gold coloured curtain. The main altar is positioned centrally in front of the curtain on the podium. At the eastern end of the main hall, between the pews and the sanctuary, church furniture includes a, timber prayer desk, timber chair, small podium, and a simply carved clam-shell font. The relief carvings adorning the pedestal of the font feature religious iconography relating to the life and crucifixion of Jesus. The dedication plaque on the base of the font, below the Crucifix relief reads:To the Glory of God for use at St John's Mission Church, Ford Street North Rockhampton. This Shell was given by the people of St Bartholomew Menapi-Papua and Parish priests Father Norman Cruttwell and Father Amos Paisawa to the Mission Congregation of St Johns.The font, pictures and prayer desk remain an integral part of the church, the font being functional, used for baptisms and special services, as well as being a distinctive piece of furniture.
The grounds of St John's Anglican Church comprise well kept lawns, with trees and shrubs surrounding the church and garden beds along the eastern and northern boundaries. Several trees - a poinciana, two pine trees framing the entrance to the church, and a large silver wattle - and shrubs delineate the church from the grass footpath that extends to Ford Street. The pine trees in particular add to the symmetry of the church and grounds.
Heritage listing
St John's Church was listed on the Queensland Heritage Register on 5 August 2003 having satisfied the following criteria.
The place is important in demonstrating the evolution or pattern of Queensland's history.
St John's Anglican Church is important in demonstrating the evolution of Central Queensland's South Sea Islander community and a pattern of multicultural integration within Rockhampton and surrounding districts. The site of St John's Church has served the South Sea Islander community of Rockhampton since the St John's Mission Room, which stood near the present Church, was dedicated on 5 May 5, 1896. St John's Mission Church, erected in 1912 by the South Sea Islander community with no financial assistance from the Diocese of Rockhampton, represents a South Sea Islander custom of whole of community involvement in a matter deemed to be important and essential to the spiritual growth and moral well-being of the community.
The place is important in demonstrating the principal characteristics of a particular class of cultural places.
St John's Anglican Church is important in demonstrating the principal characteristics of a European religious building type adapted within South Sea Islander culture. With its pitched gable roof, crucifix finials, pointed arch motif windows (visible internally), porch and sanctuary, St John's Church illustrates the principal characteristics of a modest, Gothic-influenced, timber ecclesiastical building. The interior fabric of the Church retains high social significance for the South Sea Islander community, with many items, including a clam-shell font on a carved pedestal, providing a tangible link with the people associated with the Parish, and to their missionary benefactors in Menapi, Papua.
The place is important because of its aesthetic significance.
St John's Church remains a significant part of the streetscape of Ford Street, and as a remnant of North Rockhampton's "Kanaka Town", represents the physical, spiritual and material growth and development of the South Sea Islander community within Rockhampton.
Of special association with St John's and its streetscape value are the trees along the front boundary to the property: two distinctive pine trees planted on either side of the front entrance to the church; a poinciana tree; and a large silver wattle which is thought to be a remnant of the original plantings on the site, evident in a c 1916 photograph.
The place has a strong or special association with a particular community or cultural group for social, cultural or spiritual reasons.
St John's Anglican Church and prior mission room has a strong and special association for the South Sea Islander community for social, cultural and spiritual reasons. Socially, St John's has been the focus of community gatherings and events relating to events on the Christian calendar, prayer services, Sunday school, weddings, funerals, baptisms and social Church meetings. The place represents a link to the early Islanders who established a strong community both in the immediate neighbourhood and nearby regions that shared a spiritual link with the Church.
The place has a special association with the life or work of a particular person, group or organisation of importance in Queensland's history.
St John's has a special association with the clergy, parish and Synod who supported the South Sea Islander community's opposition to the Commonwealth Acts of 1901 that sought to return South Sea Islander people to their islands of origin against their will. St John's Church has special association with the activity of individuals within the South Sea Islander community and Anglican Church whose activities have been significant within the history of the region and state of Queensland, including Bishop George Halford, consecrated as Anglican Bishop of Rockhampton in 1909, who was greatly respected for their long and active support of the South Sea Islander community; and Frank Solomon, the South Sea Islander community's Vicar's representative on the first St John's Mission Church Committee, who dedicated their life to this church.
References
Attribution
External links
Queensland Heritage Register
Buildings and structures in Rockhampton
Anglican churches in Queensland
Articles incorporating text from the Queensland Heritage Register
The Purus jacamar (Galbalcyrhynchus purusianus) is a species of bird in the family Galbulidae. It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, and Peru.
Taxonomy and systematics
The Purus jacamar shares genus Galbalcyrhynchus with the white-eared jacamar (G. leucotis). They were originally treated a separate species, then as conspecific ("chestnut jacamar"), but are now understood to be separate species. The Purus jacamar is monotypic.
Description
The Purus jacamar is long and weighs . It is stouter than many jacamars, and has a more robust bill. It is almost entirely chestnut, with dark bronzy forehead, crown, wings, and tail. The juvenile is paler and its bill is shorter.
Distribution and habitat
The Purus jacamar is found in the upper Amazon Basin of eastern Peru, western Brazil, and northern Bolivia. In this humid region, it inhabits terra firme and várzea forest, both primary and secondary. It prefers edges such as along waterways and oxbow lakes.
Behavior
Feeding
The Purus jacamar preys on insects, with Hymenoptera (bees and wasps) and Isoptera (termites) favored. It perches at mid- to upper canopy height singly or in small groups and sallies out to capture its prey.
Breeding
The Purus jacamar has been documented excavating cavities in termite nests high in trees in Brazil and Peru. It is apparently a cooperative breeder, as the Peru cavity was excavated by six individuals and groups of up to six individuals have been noted singing together.
Vocalization
The Purus jacamar's vocalizations are essentially identical to those of white-eared jacamar. The song is a rising trill and the calls "a series of loud 'peeeur' whistles and a sharp 'pee'” .
Status
The IUCN has assessed the Purus jacamar as being of The Least Concern. It ranges from scarce in Peru to locally common in Brazil and "[a]pparently tolerates disturbed and partially man-modified habitats, and no specific threats are known."
References
Purus jacamar
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Bolivian Amazon
Birds of the Peruvian Amazon
Purus jacamar
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Protestantism in Portugal has long been a minority religion. After the Reformation, the Inquisition and the Portuguese government's religious intolerance outlawed the practice of non-Roman Catholic faiths in the country, and those who followed them could not practice it openly.
However, when the British began settling in Portugal in the 19th century they brought other Christian denominations with them. Most belonged to the Anglican Church of England, but others were Protestant Methodists, Congregationalists, Baptists, and Presbyterians
The establishment of a constitutional monarchy in 1834 granted limited religious toleration to, and consequently led to the opening of an Anglican chapel in Lisbon. A second chapel was opened in 1868. The Anglican mission coincided with the growing influence of the Old Catholic movement in Portugal. Congregations were created from Roman Catholic priests and laypeople who refused to accept the dogmas of the infallibility and universal ordinary jurisdiction of the Pope, as defined by the First Vatican Council in 1870. The Lusitanian Catholic Apostolic Evangelical Church was formed as a result in 1880, however laws still restricted the activities of non-Roman Catholics.
By the early 1990s, only some 50,000 to 60,000 Anglicans and Protestants lived in Portugal, less than 1 percent of the total population. The 1950s and 1960s saw the arrival of Pentecostals who increased in numbers more rapidly than the earlier arrivals did. All groups, however, were hampered by prohibitions and restrictions against the free exercise of their religions, especially missionary activities.
These restrictions were lifted after the Revolution of 1974. The constitution of 1976 guarantees all religions the right to practice their faith. Non-Roman Catholic groups came to be recognized as legal entities with the right to assemble. Portuguese who were both not Roman Catholics and were conscientious objectors had the right to apply for alternative military service.
Denominations
Lusitanian Catholic Apostolic Evangelical Church
The Lusitanian Catholic Apostolic Evangelical Church is the oldest protestant denomination in Portugal, and is a member church of the Anglican Communion.
Evangelical Presbyterian Church in Portugal
The Evangelical Presbyterian Church in Portugal is the oldest non-Catholic, non-Anglican church in Portugal.
Christian Presbyterian Church in Portugal
The Christian Presbyterian Church in Portugal (Igreja Cristã Presbiteriana de Portugal or ICPP in Portuguese) is a small Reformed denomination with relationships with Presbyterian Church in America, the Presbyterian Church of Brazil, the Presbyterian Church in Ireland and the Conservative Presbyterian Church in Brazil. The denomination accepts the five points of Calvinism, the Westminster Confession of Faith and its shorter and larger catechisms.
The denomination was officially formed in 1992, but includes older churches such as the Independent Church in Barreiro (founded in 1955) and the Evangelical Presbyterian Church of Christ (founded in 1970) as well as an independent Presbyterian church in Campo de Ourique in Lisbon, and by a church in northeast Porto planted by a Brazilian missionary.
In 2014 the ICPP celebrated its 30th anniversary.
See also
Religion in Portugal
Conference of Protestant Churches in Latin Countries of Europe
References
Qi Guangpu (; ; born October 20, 1990 in Xuzhou) is a Chinese aerial skier.  They are a double world champion and the reigning Olympic champion in Aerials, who won gold at the 2022 Winter Olympics.
Career
Qi Guangpu has competed at the 2010, 2014, 2018 and 2022 Winter Olympic Games. Although their performance in their first 3 Olympics was unsuccessful and failing to win a medal (with a 4th place in 2014), their records at the FIS Freestyle World Ski Championships is much better, with a haul of 2 golds and 2 silvers from 2011 to 2017. They won a silver medal at the 2011 World in Deer Valley, USA and upgraded that to a gold in 2013 in Voss, Norway. They successfully defended their world title at the 2015 World in Kreischberg, Austria. They followed that in 2017 with a silver.
They did very well at the 2022 Winter Olympics, where they won a gold in the Aerials after they landed a quintuple-twisting triple backflip in the final round and earned 129 points, easily beating defending champion Oleksandr Abramenko, who had come second after scoring 116.5. They had also participated in the Mixed Aerials where their team won silver.
References
1990 births
Living people
Olympic freestyle skiers of China
Freestyle skiers at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Freestyle skiers at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Freestyle skiers at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Freestyle skiers at the 2022 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 2022 Winter Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for China
Olympic silver medalists for China
Olympic medalists in freestyle skiing
Chinese male freestyle skiers
Skiers from Jiangsu
See No Evil 2 is a 2014 American slasher film directed by the Soska sisters, written by Nathan Brookes and Bobby Lee Darby, produced by Michael Luisi, and starring Danielle Harris, Katharine Isabelle and the professional wrestler Kane. It is the sequel to 2006's See No Evil. Unlike the original, which had a theatrical release, the film was released in 2014 direct to DVD and Blu-ray.
Plot
Amy (Danielle Harris) prepares to leave their job at the city morgue while Seth (Kaj-Erik Eriksen) and their boss Holden (Michael Eklund) work the graveyard shift. As Amy is leaving to meet friends at a bar for their birthday, Holden receives news that a number of bodies are being delivered, the victims of a mass murder committed by Jacob Goodnight (Kane) at the Blackwell Hotel. Amy decides to cancel their plans and help their colleagues with the deliveries. Amy and Seth process the corpses, including that of Goodnight. As Amy leaves Seth to finish the work, they are surprised to find Holden has allowed their friends Tamara (Katharine Isabelle), Kayla (Chelan Simmons), Carter (Lee Majdoub) and their brother Will (Greyston Holt) to throw a birthday party in the morgue. During the party, Will warns Seth to stay away from Amy, believing they deserve better than him, causing Seth to leave the party and return to work. Will tells Amy of their disapproval of them dropping out of Med School to work in the morgue, angering Amy, who also leaves the party.
Tamara, who is fascinated by death and serial killers, leaves the party with Carter to go look at Jacob's body. The experience of being in a room with the body of a real murderer arouses them and they and Carter begin to have sex. Jacob suddenly awakens, and kills Carter while Tamara escapes. Jacob searches the room, outfitting themselves with a burn victim mask and several surgical tools before cutting the building's electricity.
Hearing Tamara's screams, the rest of the partygoers attempt to find her; Holden, away from the rest, is captured and mortally wounded by Jacob.
Amy, Will, Kayla and Tamara acknowledge their predicament and attempt to reach the upper levels of the hospital, only to find Jacob blocking their way at every turn. Seth arrives with the keys to open a locked emergency stairwell, but Jacob is behind them and attacks them, causing the group to split up. Kayla seeks refuge in a bathroom, where Jacob strangles them When Kayla mutters "Thank God!" at Jacob's hesitation, they relive old memories, remembering the abuse they suffered at the hands of their religious mother. As Kayla dies from their injuries anyway, Jacob asks her, "Why would God help you?" before setting off in search of the remaining members of the group.
Jacob kills Tamara and captures Will, using them as bait to lure Seth and Amy into a trap, where they proceed to execute their brother. In the resultant confrontation, Seth is wounded by an electric knife; Amy takes them into a room to cauterize the wound, where they reveal that they dropped out of medical school after realizing the inevitability of death. Noticing that one of the windows leads to ground level, Amy kisses Seth for the first time then squeezes out to get help. Finding Jacob in the parking lot, however, they retreat back inside. Afterwards, Jacob stabs them to death as they attempt to unlock a side exit door. After fighting Jacob, Seth impales them with the nozzle from a piece of embalming equipment and pumps their body full of embalming chemicals, seemingly killing him.
Seth escapes the morgue through a broken window and drives away in their car. As they stop to open the gated entrance, they realize that not only is Jacob still alive but also that they were in the car with him. Jacob attacks Seth from behind, and gouges out their eyes, killing him.
The final shots of the film show each dead member of the cast before a final closeup shot of Jacob's face as they say, "I see it now", referring to their sins.
Cast
Kane as Jacob Goodnight
Danielle Harris as Amy
Katharine Isabelle as Tamara
Chelan Simmons as Kayla
Kaj-Erik Eriksen as Seth
Greyston Holt as Will
Lee Majdoub as Carter
Michael Eklund as Holden
Sylvia Soska as Corpse
Jen Soska as Corpse
Production
The movie was announced in August 2013, with Kane set to reprise their role as the murderous Jacob Goodnight and the Soska sisters to direct. The Soskas claimed their desire in taking on the film was to "take the character [Jacob Goodnight] and bring them to the level of Michael Myers and Freddy Krueger and Jason Voorhees."
On September 16, 2013 Danielle Harris, Katharine Isabelle and Michael Eklund joined the main cast. On September 20, 2013 it was announced Greyston Holt, Chelan Simmons, Kaj-Erik Eriksen and Lee Majdoub had been cast.
Filming began on September 23, 2013 in Vancouver, British Columbia and ended on October 11, 2013. Filming predominantly took place at Riverview Hospital in Coquitlam. Harris, Isabelle and Simmons reportedly performed all their own physical stunts. The trailer was released on July 25, 2014.
Release
In June 2014 it was reported the movie would not be released to theatres, instead being released to video on demand on October 17, 2014, followed by a Blu-ray release on October 21, 2014.
Reception
The film received an approval rating of 60% on review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, based on 5 reviews with an average score of 5/10. William Bibbiani, writing for Crave Online, praised the film's adherence to traditional slasher movie conventions, saying that "...it is indeed comforting to see that the standard, straight-up slasher yarn still has some life in it. Instead of playing to some sort of house style, like many of the recent slasher remakes were determined to do, See No Evil 2 looks pleasingly grim and icy and dark. What's more, it plays with genre expectations while playing the genre's actual conventions somewhat straight..."
Bloody Disgusting gave the film a mixed review, praising the film's characterization and first act, but saying that "once Jacob Goodnight begins stalking the halls everything slows to a crawl. Maybe it's because the environment was so generic, or maybe it was because it's not a franchise I care to see continue on...". Nonetheless, the review concluded that "I wish this were a standalone sequel instead of being forced into a corner in trying to continue the events from 8 years ago. But as it stands, See No Evil 2 is a fun little VOD rental for your Halloween festivities."
Ryan Larson, writing for ComingSoon.net, gave the film an average rating saying "While some of the movie is enjoyable due to standard gore splashed slasher fare, for the most part you can't help but think 'haven't I seen this already?'"
Dread Central's Scott Hallam gave the film a mixed review praising the directors, Jen and Sylvia Soska, but calling the script "a cookie-cutter slasher" ultimately summing up their review with "If you're in it for some cool kills done by a cool killer as seen through the eyes of the Twisted Twins and you don't mind the fact that the story is pretty typical, you'll dig See No Evil 2."
Awards and nominations
References
External links
2014 films
2014 horror films
2010s serial killer films
2010s slasher films
American slasher films
2010s English-language films
Direct-to-video sequel films
WWE Studios films
Lionsgate films
Films directed by the Soska sisters
Films scored by the Newton Brothers
American sequel films
2010s American films
The Illegal Migrants (Determination by Tribunals) (IMDT) Act was an Act of the Parliament of India enacted in 1983 by the Indira Gandhi government. It was struck down by the Supreme Court of India in 2005 in Sarbananda Sonowal v. Union of India.
Known as the IMDT Act (1983) it described the procedures to detect illegal immigrants (from Bangladesh) and expel them from Assam. The Act was pushed through mainly on the grounds that it provided special protections against undue harassment to the “minorities” affected by the Assam Agitation. It was applicable to the state of Assam only whereas in other states, detection of foreigners is done under The Foreigners Act, 1946.
The act made it difficult to deport illegal immigrants from Assam.
Salient features
The Foreigners Act, 1946 defines a foreigner as a person who is not a citizen of India. Section 9 of the Act states that, where the nationality of a person is not evident as per preceding section 8, the onus of proving whether a person is a foreigner or not, shall lie upon such person.
However, under the Illegal Migrants (Determination by Tribunal ) (IMDT) Act, the burden of proving the citizenship or otherwise rested on the accuser and the police, not the accused. This was a major departure from the provisions of the Foreigners Act, 1946.
The accuser must reside within a 3 km radius of the accused, fill out a complaint form (a maximum of ten per accuser is allowed) and pay a fee of ten Rupees.
If a suspected illegal migrant is thus successfully accused, they are required by the Act to simply produce a ration card to prove their Indian citizenship.
And if a case made it past these requirements, a system of tribunals made up of retired judges would finally decide on deportation based on the facts.
The act also provided that 'if the application is found frivolous or vexatious' the Central Government may not accept it.
It excluded the migrants who entered India before March 25, 1971 from the illegal-migration accusation. And for post-1971 migrants too, the procedure for deporting were tough.
Supreme Court's views
The Act was challenged by Sarbananda Sonowal in courts. In 2005 a three-judge Bench of the Supreme Court of India held that the Illegal Migrants (Determination by Tribunals) Act, 1983 and rules "has created the biggest hurdle and is the main impediment or barrier in the identification and deportation of illegal migrants" and struck down the Act.
The court also observed "(the conviction rate under the IMDT act) comes to less than half per cent of the cases initiated...(the IMDT Act) is coming to the advantage of such illegal migrants as any proceedings initiated against them almost entirely ends in their favour, enables them to have a document having official sanctity to the effect that they are not illegal migrants."
On 9 August 2012, the Supreme Court hearing a public interest litigation petition seeking a direction for deportation of illegal migrants, was told that the Government of India, as a matter of policy, "does not support any kind of illegal migration either into its territory or illegal immigration of its citizens. "It was also stated that the Government is committed to deporting illegal Bangladeshi migrants, but only lawfully. It asserted that the demand for deleting the names of alleged 41 lakh doubtful voters from the list of 2006 on the basis of religious and linguistic profiling would prima facie be illegal, arbitrary and violative of the secular and democratic credentials of India. The court posted the matter for final hearing on 6 November 2012.
See also
Illegal immigration to India
Citizenship (Amendment) Act, 2019
The Foreigners Act, 1946
Indian nationality law
National Register of Citizens
References
Further reading
IMDT Act is the biggest barrier to deportation, says Supreme Court, The Hindu, 14 July 2005.
What is the Illegal Migrants Act?, Rediff News, July 2005.
1980s in Assam
Acts of the Parliament of India 1983
Immigration legislation
Illegal immigration to India
Immigration to India
Indian nationality law
Assamese nationalism
Indira Gandhi administration
"Who'll Be the Next in Line" is a song by the English rock band the Kinks. It was written by Ray Davies.
Release
"Who'll Be the Next in Line" was first released as the B-side to "Ev'rybody's Gonna Be Happy", a Kinks single released in Britain. However, that song's chart performance in the UK was a disappointing #17, breaking a string of top-ten hits for the Kinks. Reprise felt that the "Ev'rybody's Gonna Be Happy" single was unfit for release in America. The subsequent single, "Set Me Free", was released, but after The Kinks' next proposed single, "See My Friends" was sent to Reprise, they decided to release the "Ev'rybody's Gonna Be Happy" single with "Who'll Be the Next in Line" as the A-side. The single charted, hitting #34, which was more successful than the following "See My Friends", which only hit #111. "Who'll Be the Next in Line" also appeared as a bonus track on some reissues of the Kinks' album Kinda Kinks.
Billboard described the song as a "pulsating funky blues rhythm number which rocks all the way." Cash Box described it as a "fast-moving, rollicking thumper about a fella who has plenty of regrets about their romantic involvements."
Covers
"Who'll Be the Next in Line" was covered by French singer Françoise Hardy on their 1968 En Anglais album.
The song was covered by Gary Myrick and The Figures on their self-titled album in 1980.
"Who'll Be the Next in Line" was also covered by Sir Douglas Quintet on their 1981 Border Wave album.
Queens of the Stone Age covered "Who'll Be the Next in Line" on their Rated R 2000 album, as one of its UK only bonus tracks. It was also included on disc two of the 2010 reissue of Rated R.
The song was covered by Mudhoney for the tribute album Give the People What We Want: Songs of The Kinks, a compilation released by SubPop in 2001.
References
1965 singles
The Kinks songs
Song recordings produced by Shel Talmy
Songs written by Ray Davies
Pye Records singles
1965 songs
Reprise Records singles
Two human polls comprised the 1975 National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I football rankings. Unlike most sports, college football's governing body, the NCAA, does not bestow a national championship, instead that title is bestowed by one or more different polling agencies. There are two main weekly polls that begin in the preseason—the AP Poll and the Coaches' Poll.
Legend
AP Poll
Coaches' poll
For the second year, the final UPI Coaches Poll was released after the bowl games, on January 2, 1976.Oklahoma received 21 of the 36 first-place votes; Alabama received seven, Arizona State five, and Ohio State three.
References
College football rankings
Right Through Me is the second extended play by South Korean band Even of Day, a sub-unit of Day6 consisting of members Young K, Wonpil, and Dowoon. It was released by Studio J and JYP Entertainment on July 5, 2021. The album contains seven tracks co-written by Young K, Wonpil, and the producer Hong Ji-sang, including the lead single of the same name, "Right Through Me".
Track listing
Charts
Weekly charts
Monthly charts
References
2021 EPs
Day6 EPs
JYP Entertainment EPs
Korean-language EPs
Dhobi Ram Chander, MVC was a civilian who was awarded the Mahavir Chakra during the Indo-Pakistani War of 1947.  They are one of only two civilians to have been awarded the Mahavir Chakra.
Early life
Chander was born in 1921 in Kot Kishan Chand, Jalandhar, Punjab to Faqir Chand.
Military career
Chander joined the 14 Field Company Engineers of the Madras Engineering Group of the Indian Army in May 1947. They were a civilian in the Indian Army and a washer-man (dhobi) by profession.
They were part of a convoy proceeding to Jammu under the command of Lt F D W Fallon on 18 December 1947. When the convoy reached Bhambla, it was ambushed by the enemy who had created a roadblock by removing the decking on a bridge. They helped the convoy commander replace the decking while the bridge was under continuous fire. On Lt. Fallon being wounded, they took the officer's rifle and helped in holding the enemy at bay and was responsible for inflicting five to six casualties on the enemy. They later helped Lt Fallon to get to the nearest post which was 13 km away.
Death
Chander died in 1998.
References
1921 births
1998 deaths
People of the Indo-Pakistani War of 1947
Recipients of the Maha Vir Chakra
Indian Army personnel
Kennington was a constituency used for elections to the London County Council between 1889 and 1949. The seat shared boundaries with the UK Parliament constituency of the same name.
Councillors
Election results
References
London County Council constituencies
Politics of the London Borough of Lambeth
Kennington
Autumn in New York is a 1950 album by Jo Stafford, re-released in 1955 with extra tracks, and again in 1997. With Paul Weston And Their Orchestra. The album was re-released in 1997 on CD along with 1953's Starring Jo Stafford on the EMI label.
1950 Version Track listing
"Autumn in New York" (Vernon Duke) - 2:39
"Smoke Gets in Your Eyes" (Jerome Kern, Otto Harbach) - 2:46
"Haunted Heart" (Arthur Schwartz, Howard Dietz) - 2:44
"If I Loved You" (Richard Rodgers, Oscar Hammerstein II) - 2:57
"Just One of Those Things" (Porter) - 2:40
"Almost Like Being in Love" (Frederick Loewe, Alan Jay Lerner) - 2:57
"Make Believe" (Kern, Hammerstein) - 2:27
"Through the Years" (Vincent Youmans, Edward Heyman) - 2:39
1955 Version Track listing
"Autumn in New York" (Vernon Duke) - 2:39
"Smoke Gets in Your Eyes" (Jerome Kern, Otto Harbach) - 2:46
"Haunted Heart" (Arthur Schwartz, Howard Dietz) - 2:44
"If I Loved You" (Richard Rodgers, Oscar Hammerstein II) - 2:57
"In the Still of the Night" (Cole Porter) - 2:40
"Some Enchanted Evening" (Rodgers, Hammerstein) - 3:12
"Just One of Those Things" (Porter) - 2:40
"Almost Like Being in Love" (Frederick Loewe, Alan Jay Lerner) - 2:57
"Make Believe" (Kern, Hammerstein) - 2:27
"Through the Years" (Vincent Youmans, Edward Heyman) - 2:39
"The Best Things in Life Are Free" (Buddy DeSylva, Ray Henderson, Lew Brown) - 2:24
"Sometimes I'm Happy" (Youmans, Irving Caesar) - 3:10
References
1950 albums
Jo Stafford albums
Albums arranged by Paul Weston
Capitol Records albums
Albums conducted by Paul Weston
Mount Ruth Gade () is a pyramidal mountain, 3,515 m, standing 3 nautical miles (6 km) northeast of Mount Wedel-Jarlsberg in the Quarles Range, Queen Maud Mountains. Discovered in November 1911 by Captain Roald Amundsen, and named by them for Ruth Sibley Gade, born in Rochester, New York. Them husband, architect John Gade, made a substantial contribution to Amundsen's expedition and they repaid their generosity by honoring Mrs. Gade with this tribute.
Further reading
Roland Huntford, Race for the South Pole: The Expedition Diaries of Scott and Amundsen, P 135
United States. Defense Mapping Agency. Hydrographic Center, Sailing Directions for Antarctica: Including the Off-lying Islands South of Latitude 60°, P 215
External links
Mount Ruth Gade on USGS website
Mount Ruth Gade on the Antarctica New Zealand Digital Asset Manager website
Mount Ruth Gade on SCAR website
Mount Ruth Gade on peakbagger
Mount Ruth Gade on peakery
References
Mountains of the Ross Dependency
Amundsen Coast
The Great River Railroad is a shortline railroad that runs from Rosedale to a connection with the Columbus and Greenville Railway in Greenville, Mississippi.
Formerly part of Illinois Central Gulf, the railroad segment was purchased by the Port of Rosedale in 1981. The line has been embargoed since 2001.
Bolivar County and Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad (Rock Island Rail) are planning to reopen the rail line. In August 2020, the county owned port authority and Rock Island Rail agreed to start clearing and repairing the infrastructure.
Motive Power
GTR has two switcher locomotives, both of them ex-US Army and stored at the Port of Rosedale
ALCO S-1 GTR 8341
ALCO S-2 GTR 2
References
Bolivar County, Mississippi
Defunct Mississippi railroads
Railway companies disestablished in 2001
Railway companies established in 1981
Iroquois County is a county located in the northeast part of the U.S. state of Illinois. According to the 2020 United States Census, it has a population of 27,077.
It is the only county in the United States to be named Iroquois, after the American Indian people. The county seat is Watseka. The county is located along the border with Indiana.
History
Iroquois County was created on February 26, 1833, out of a portion of Vermilion County. It was named for the Iroquois River, which was itself named for the Iroquois people. The first county seat was established at the town of Iroquois in 1837, though no official buildings were constructed there and offices were rented. Several other sites for the county seat were examined, and in 1839 it was moved to Middleport; a court house and jail were built there. There was a long battle between Middleport and Watseka (also known as South Middleport) as to which should be the county seat; in 1865, it was finally moved to Watseka. The town of Middleport no longer exists, but there is a township of that name. A courthouse was built in Watseka in 1866 at a cost of $28,000 and included a jail in the basement; this building was expanded in 1881, and a new jail was built in 1893 just east of the courthouse.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.1%) is water. It is the third-largest county in Illinois by land area and the fifth-largest by total area.
The northern border of the county is about south of the city of Chicago. The county is bordered on the east by the state of Indiana and its counties of Benton and Newton. To the north lies Kankakee County. Vermilion County, out of which Iroquois County was originally formed, lies to the south. To the west is Ford County.
The Iroquois River enters the county from Indiana and flows westward along the south side of the village of Iroquois, then along the north side of the city of Watseka, whereupon it veers to the north and joins the larger Kankakee River near the city of Kankakee in the county of the same name; the Kankakee River then flows into the Illinois River further to the northwest in Will County. Sugar Creek, further to the south, also flows from the east to the west, entering from Indiana east of Stockland; it passes through the south edge of Milford, is joined by Mud Creek coming up from the south, and winds to the north past the village of Woodland and meets the Iroquois River near Watseka.
The Iroquois County State Wildlife Area, a state park, is located in the northeast corner of the county. There are also three nature preserves: Bonnie's Prairie, Hooper Branch Savanna, and Loda Cemetery Prairie.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Watseka have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1999 and a record high of was recorded in August 1988. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in January to in June.
Adjacent counties
Kankakee County - north
Newton County, Indiana - east
Benton County, Indiana - east
Vermilion County - south
Ford County - west
Transportation
Interstate 57 passes through the west part of the county on its route between Champaign and Chicago. From north to south, it passes through or near Chebanse, Clifton, Ashkum, Danforth, Gilman, Onarga, Buckley, and Loda.
The county is bisected by the east–west U.S. Route 24, which passes through Gilman, Crescent City, the county seat of Watseka, and Sheldon.
Interstate 57
U.S. Highway 45
U.S. Highway 52
Illinois Route 1
Illinois Route 49
Illinois Route 54
Illinois Route 116
Several railroad lines pass through the county. The Toledo, Peoria and Western Railway operates a line that begins in Peoria and runs from east to west through Iroquois County, passing through Gilman and Watseka and continuing into Indiana. A Norfolk Southern Railway line runs nearly parallel with Interstate 57 on its way to Chicago. A CSX Transportation line passes from north to south through the eastern part of the county; a Union Pacific line joins it south of Woodland. Further east, the Kankakee, Beaverville and Southern Railroad operates a north–south line.
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 29,718 people, 11,956 households, and 8,175 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 13,452 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 94.7% white, 0.8% black or African American, 0.3% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 2.6% from other races, and 1.3% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 5.3% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 36.5% were German, 14.1% were Irish, 12.2% were American, and 10.1% were English.
Of the 11,956 households, 30.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.7% were married couples living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 31.6% were non-families, and 27.2% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.95. The median age was 43.4 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,323 and the median income for a family was $56,541. Males had a median income of $43,416 versus $27,908 for females. The per capita income for the county was $23,400. About 8.2% of families and 10.0% of the population were below the poverty line, including 14.1% of those under age 18 and 7.8% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Gilman
Watseka
Villages
Ashkum
Beaverville
Buckley
Chebanse
Cissna Park
Clifton
Crescent City
Danforth
Donovan
Iroquois
Loda
Martinton
Milford
Onarga
Papineau
Sheldon
Stockland
Thawville
Wellington
Woodland
Townships
In 1855, a popular vote resulted in the adoption of township government, which was implemented in 1856. At that time, eleven townships were created; they are listed below.
Ash Grove
Beaver
Belmont
Chebanse
Concord
Loda
Middleport
Milford
Onarga
Papineau
Stockland
Over the next several decades, more townships were created from the existing ones, for a final total of twenty-six. The newer townships are listed below in order of creation.
Martinton (1857)
Iroquois (1858)
Prairie Green (1858)
Ashkum (1861)
Douglas (1861)
Artesia (1864)
Fountain Creek (1868)
Lovejoy (1868)
Sheldon (1868)
Milks Grove (1872)
Pigeon Grove (1876)
Crescent (1877)
Danforth (1877)
Ridgeland (1878)
Beaverville (1916)
Unincorporated Communities
Bryce
Claytonville
Delrey
Eastburn
Effner
Fountain Creek
Goodwine
L'Erable
La Hogue
Pittwood
Stockland
Notable people
Fern Andra, movie actor and director from 1913 to 1930, born in Watseka in 1893
John Moisant, pioneering aviator and aeronautical engineer, born in L'Erable in 1868
John S. Darrough, recipient of the Medal of Honor, American Civil War, lived in the county from age 14.
Henry Bacon, architect, born in Wateska in 1866
Rex Everhart, Broadway actor who voiced the role of Maurice in the Disney Film "Beauty & The Beast," born in Watseka in 1920
Scott Garrelts, Pitcher, San Francisco Giants, 1st round draft pick in 1979 amateur draft, grew up in Buckley, graduated from Buckley-Loda High School
Ray A. Laird, president of Laredo Community College in Laredo, Texas, 1960 to 1974; born in Milford in 1907
Ole Rynning (1809–1838), Norwegian immigrant author
Fred J. Schraeder (1923-2016), Illinois state representative and business person, born in Clifton
Politics
Throughout the rest of its history, Iroquois County has been among the most solidly Republican counties in Illinois. Since 1940 only Lyndon Johnson in their 1964 landslide has garnered forty percent of the county's vote for the Democratic Party, and only Bill Clinton in 1996 has topped 35 percent since 1968.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Iroquois County, Illinois
Watseka Wonder, alleged spiritual possession of fourteen-year-old Lurancy Vennum in the late 19th century
References
Bibliography
External links
Illinois State Archives
Iroquois County State Wildlife Area
Illinois counties
Illinois placenames of Native American origin
1833 establishments in Illinois
Populated places established in 1833
The men's discus throw event at the 2022 African Championships in Athletics was held on 9 June in Port Louis, Mauritius.
Results
References
2022 African Championships in Athletics
Discus throw at the African Championships in Athletics
Katsuyuki Kizawa (Kizawa Katsuyuki; born August 27, 1951) is a Japanese jurist who served as an associate Justice of the Supreme Court of Japan from 2016 to 2021.
Education and Career
Kizawa was born on August 27, 1951, in Japan (then under United States occupation). They attended Rikkyo University and graduated with a degree in Law in 1974. Kizawa spent over 40 years as a professor and lawyer before joining the Supreme Court.
They were admitted to the bar in 1977 under the Tokyo Bar Association, and became a permanent Councilor in 1983. They obtained several leadership positions in the Bar Association, including:
Vice Chairperson of the Human Rights Committee, 1981–88
Vice Chairperson of the Training of Lawyers Committee, 1988–94
Vice Chairperson of the Legal Trainees Training Committee, 1994-1995 and 2004–08
Vice Chairperson of the Human Resources Committee, 1995-2000 and 2008–09
They began teaching at Rikkyo University (his alma mater) in 2004 and continued until their appointment to the Supreme Court.
Supreme Court
On July 19, 2016, Kizawa was appointed to the Supreme Court of Japan. In Japan, justices are formally nominated by the Emperor (at that time, Akihito) but in reality the Cabinet chooses the nominees and the Emperor's role is a formality.
Kizawa's term ended on August 26, 2021 (one day before they turn 70). This is because all members of the court have a mandatory retirement age of 70.
References
1951 births
Living people
20th-century Japanese lawyers
Supreme Court of Japan justices
21st-century Japanese judges
Rikkyo University alumni
Gliese 367 (GJ 367) is a red dwarf star from Earth in the constellation of Vela. It is suspected to be a variable with amplitude 0.012 stellar magnitude and period 5.16 years. A stellar multiplicity survey in 2015 failed to detect any stellar companions to Gliese 367.
Gliese 367's age is unclear. Modelling using stellar isochrones gives a young age of less than 60 million years old, but its orbit around the Milky Way is highly eccentric, unusual for a young star. It may have been forced into such an orbit via a gravitational encounter.
Planetary system
The star Gliese 367 was observed by TESS in February-March 2019, leading to its designation as an object of interest, and by January 2021 additional radial velocity data suggested the existence of a short-period planet, albeit with low certainty. The planet's existence was confirmed by both ground-based and satellite-based transit photometry data by December 2021.
Gliese 367 b takes just 7.7 hours to orbit its star, one of the shortest orbits of any planet. Due to its close orbit, the exoplanet gets bombarded with radiation over 500 times what Earth receives from the Sun. Dayside temperatures on GJ 367b are around . Due to its close orbit, it most likely is tidally locked. The atmosphere of Gliese 367 b, due to the extreme temperatures, would have boiled away along with signs of life. The core of GJ 367b is likely composed of iron and nickel, making its core similar to Mercury's core. The core of GJ 367b is extremely dense, making up most of the planet's mass.
, Gliese 367 b is the smallest known exoplanet within 10 parsecs of the Solar System, and the second-least massive after Proxima Centauri d.
A direct imaging study failed to find any additional planets or stellar companions around Gliese 367.
In August 2022, this planetary system was included among 20 systems to be named by the third NameExoWorlds project.
See also
List of nearest exoplanets
References
M-type main-sequence stars
Planetary systems with one confirmed planet
Planetary transit variables
Vela (constellation)
047780
J09442986-4546351
0367
CD-45 5378
0731
Yarışlı is a village in the Yeşilova district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Yeşilova District
Magnus Maximus (c.335-388) was a usurper of the Western Roman Empire.
Maxen may also mean:
Battle of Maxen (1759), a battle fought at the village of Maxen (modern day Müglitztal, Germany)
Maxen Kapo (born 2001), French footballer
See also
Cyatholaimidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Desmodorida.
Genera:
Acanthonchus Cobb, 1920
Achromadora Cobb, 1913
Anaxonchiym
References
Nematodes
Lincoln County is a county located in the U.S. state of Colorado. As of the 2020 census, the population was 5,675. The county seat is Hugo. The county obtains its name in memory of President Abraham Lincoln. County was formed from portions of Bent and Elbert counties in 1889 from a restructuring of Colorado counties.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.3%) is water.
The main watersheds include the Arikaree and Republican Rivers in the northern part of the county and the Big Sandy, Rush, and Horse Creeks in the southern part of the county. Big Sandy and Rush Creeks ultimately drain into the Arkansas River.
Adjacent counties
Washington County - north
Kit Carson County - east
Cheyenne County - east
Crowley County - south
Kiowa County - south
Elbert County - west
El Paso County - west
Arapahoe County - northwest
Pueblo County - southwest
Major highways
Interstate 70
U.S. Highway 24
U.S. Highway 40
U.S. Highway 287
State Highway 71
State Highway 94
Government
Lincoln County's government is based in the county courthouse in Hugo which is the office of the board of three elected commissioners and a county administrator, as well as the county sheriff, county clerk and recorder, county assessor, county treasurer, county coroner, and the county court (the trial court of limited jurisdiction for county affairs). Lincoln County is part of the 18th Colorado Judicial District — the state trial court of general jurisdiction — with judicial matters conducted in the Littleton and Centennial courthouses in Arapahoe County. Lincoln County's government operation also includes a department of social services, land use office, road and bridge department, human services department, public health department, mobile library services, probation department, county landfill, county fairgrounds, and county extension service.
Demographics
At the 2000 census there were 6,087 people in 2,058 households, including 1,389 families, in the county. The population density was 2 people per square mile (1/km2). There were 2,406 housing units at an average density of 1 per square mile (0/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 86.30% White, 4.96% Black or African American, 0.94% Native American, 0.56% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 5.65% from other races, and 1.56% from two or more races. 8.53% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
Of the 2,058 households 33.70% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.30% were married couples living together, 8.40% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.50% were non-families. 29.00% of households were one person and 13.00% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 3.04.
The age distribution was 23.90% under the age of 18, 7.10% from 18 to 24, 33.00% from 25 to 44, 21.80% from 45 to 64, and 14.30% 65 or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 130.90 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 140.70 males.
The median household income was $31,914 and the median family income was $39,738. Males had a median income of $25,742 versus $22,188 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,510. About 8.10% of families and 11.70% of the population were below the poverty line, including 14.40% of those under age 18 and 11.50% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Towns
Arriba
Genoa
Hugo
Limon
Unincorporated communities
Bovina
Boyero
Karval
Punkin Center
Historic trail
Smoky Hill Trail
The name "Smoky Hill" comes from the appearance of the misty or smoky hills that the westward travelers viewed on their journey from Kansas and Nebraska Territories and Missouri toward the Colorado Gold Rush starting in 1858. Gold, had been discovered in the Cherry Creek, near Denver. The image of the misty hills and valleys along the route west gave the name to the trail for these travelers — the Smoky Hill Trail. Parts of the trail can still be seen as a two-track road on the Eastern Plains in what was once Kansas Territory but now is Colorado.
The section of the Smoky Hill Trail which passes through much of the High Plains has become known as the "starvation trail." This section of the trail proved to be the most difficult, due to a lack of water, yet the Plains Indians of the day considered this region as prime hunting ground.
See also
Outline of Colorado
Index of Colorado-related articles
National Register of Historic Places listings in Lincoln County, Colorado
References
External links
Official website
Colorado County Evolution by Don Stanwyck
Colorado Historical Society
Colorado counties
1889 establishments in Colorado
Eastern Plains
Populated places established in 1889
The Chinese Museum (1845–1847) in Boston, Massachusetts, showed to the public some 41 cases displaying approximately 800 objects related to Chinese fine arts, agriculture, costume, and other customs. It was located on Washington Street in the Marlboro Chapel (between Bromfield and Winter Streets).
Items exhibited included:
"Long-gans. 'Dragon's eyes': so called from their resemblance to the ball of the eye: a favorite fruit with the Chinese, but not suited to the palate of 'barbarians.'"
"Vermicelli, made and extensively used by the Chinese in soups, of which they are fond and make a great variety."
"Nanking machine toys of different construction. These toys contain machinery inside, and when wound up possess the power of locomotion for a short time."
"Different kinds of caps worn by gentlemen in winter."
"Enameled Jos vase to hang on the wall beneath the painting of an idol. This is made in the form of half an oo-loo or bottle gourd, a Chinese emblem of longevity."
"Ee-een. The two stringed fiddle. The rebeck of the Chinese."
"Tai-Kam. The bass fiddle. This is very much like the ee-een, except that the drum is made of cocoa nutshell instead of bamboo, and its notes are gruffer."
"Facsimile of an apartment in a wealthy Chinaman's dwelling. ... A large and beautiful screen made of paintings on glass; chairs and tables made of king wood with variegated marble tops, superbly embroidered door screen, vase containing a peacock feather fan of 200 eyes, fruit upon the table, scrolls on the wall, lanterns suspended from the ceiling, &c. &c."
By 1847 the museum "ceased to be attractive and profitable, and ... was removed to Philadelphia."
References
Further reading
1845 establishments in Massachusetts
1847 disestablishments
Defunct museums in Boston
Cultural history of Boston
19th century in Boston
Financial District, Boston
1840s in the United States
Museums established in 1845
Museums of Chinese culture abroad
Santiago is an unincorporated community in Santiago Township, Sherburne County, Minnesota, United States, near the junction of Sherburne County Roads 3 and 11. The St. Francis River flows through the community.
Geography
Sherburne County Roads 16 and 23 are also in the immediate area, as is the Sherburne National Wildlife Refuge.
Nearby towns include Clear Lake, Foley, Princeton, and St. Cloud. Santiago is 12 miles north of Becker, and 26 miles north-northwest of Elk River.
History
Santiago was platted in 1857. A post office called Santiago operated between 1858 and 1985.
References
Unincorporated communities in Minnesota
Unincorporated communities in Sherburne County, Minnesota
1857 establishments in Minnesota Territory
Populated places established in 1857
is a Japanese football player. They play for Honda Lock.
Club statistics
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
Association football people from Miyazaki Prefecture
Japanese footballers
J2 League players
Japan Football League players
Hokkaido Consadole Sapporo players
Zweigen Kanazawa players
Honda Lock SC players
Association football defenders
Alphons Magg (14 July 1891 – 8 December 1967) was a Swiss sculptor. Their work was part of the sculpture event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1891 births
1967 deaths
20th-century Swiss sculptors
Swiss sculptors
Olympic competitors in art competitions
Artists from Zürich
20th-century Swiss male artists
The pufflegs are hummingbirds from the genera Eriocnemis and Haplophaedia. They occur in humid forest, woodland and shrub at altitudes of 1000 to 4800 m. asl in the Andes of Argentina, Bolivia, Peru, Ecuador, Colombia, and Venezuela. The males have a colorful green, coppery or blue plumage, and the females are generally somewhat duller. The most striking feature of both sexes is their dense snow-white leg puffs which consist of feather tufts that resemble woolly panties. One species - the black-thighed puffleg - is characterized by black coloured leg puffs, and another - the buff-thighed puffleg - has lightly buff-tinged leg puffs. Further common features of all species are the straight black bill and the slightly to deeply forked tail. The members of the genus Haplophaedia are generally duller than the members of Eriocnemis.
While most pufflegs remain fairly common, three species (colorful puffleg, black-breasted puffleg and gorgeted puffleg) are critically endangered and one (the turquoise-throated puffleg) is possibly extinct.
Puffleg species
Genus Eriocnemis
Black-breasted puffleg, Eriocnemis nigrivestis
Gorgeted puffleg, Eriocnemis isabellae
Glowing puffleg, Eriocnemis vestitus
Black-thighed puffleg, Eriocnemis derbyi
Turquoise-throated puffleg, Eriocnemis godini - possibly extinct (20th century?)
Coppery-bellied puffleg, Eriocnemis cupreoventris
Sapphire-vented puffleg, Eriocnemis luciani
Coppery-naped puffleg, Eriocnemis (luciani) sapphiropygia
Golden-breasted puffleg, Eriocnemis mosquera
Blue-capped puffleg, Eriocnemis glaucopoides
Colorful puffleg, Eriocnemis mirabilis
Emerald-bellied puffleg, Eriocnemis aline
Genus Haplophaedia
Greenish puffleg, Haplophaedia aureliae
Buff-thighed puffleg, Haplophaedia (aureliae) assimilis
Hoary puffleg, Haplophaedia lugens
In addition there were the controversial species: Eriocnemis söderströmi, E. isaacsoni and E. dyselius which were each only known by one specimen. In the case of E. söderströmi it could have been either the female of E. godini or a hybrid between E. luciani and E. nigrivestris. E. dyselius was nothing more than a melanistic individual of E. cupreoventris. Today these species are considered invalid.
References
Heynen, I. (1999). Eriocnemis and Haplophaedia (pufflegs). pp. 639–643 in: del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A., & Sargatal, J. eds. (1999). Handbook of the Birds of the World. Vol. 5. Barn-owls to Hummingbirds. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
Systematics and biogeography of the Andean genus Eriocnemis (Aves: Trochilidae) (Abstract)
^
Bird common names
Yakub Abdul Razzaq Memon (30 July 1962 – 30 July 2015) was an accountant convicted of terrorism over their financial involvement in the 1993 Bombay bombings, and the brother of one of the prime suspects in the bombings, Tiger Memon. After their appeals and petitions for clemency were all rejected, they were executed at Nagpur Central Jail on 30 July 2015.
Early history
Yakub Memon was born into a Memon family on 30 July 1962 in Mumbai and grew up in the Byculla neighborhood where they attended Antonio D'Souza High School. They completed a Masters in Commerce at the Burhani College of Commerce and Arts. In 1986, Memon enrolled in the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India and completed study as a chartered accountant in 1990.
In 1991, Memon founded the chartered accountancy firm 'Mehta & Memon Associates' with their childhood friend Chetan Mehta. The following year, they parted ways, and they founded another accountancy firm 'AR & Sons'. Named after their father, it was so successful that Memon won a "Best Chartered Accountant of the Year" award from the Memon community of Mumbai. They also formed the export company 'Tejrath International' to export meat products to the Persian Gulf region and Middle East.
1993 Bombay bombings
Part in the bombings
Memon financially assisted their brother Tiger Memon and Dawood Ibrahim in planning and executing the bombings. Memon handled Tiger's funds, funded the training of 15 youths who were sent to a secret location to learn to handle arms and ammunition, purchased the vehicles used in the bombings, and stockpiled weapons.
Arrest
The Indian Central Bureau of Investigation claims that Memon was arrested at New Delhi railway station on 5August 1994. However, Memon claims that they surrendered to police in Nepal on the 28July 1994. Memon was arrested with a briefcase which contained a recording of a conversation they had in Karachi.
Trial
Justice P. D. Kode, in a Terrorist and Disruptive Activities (Prevention) Act (TADA) court, found Memon guilty of the following offences on 27 July 2007:
Subsequent appeals and petitions
Memon had filed an appeal before the Supreme Court of India under Section 19 of the TADA Act and State of Maharashtra filed a reference before the court for the confirmation of Memon's death sentence. On 21 March 2013, the Supreme Court confirmed Memon's conviction and death sentence for conspiracy through financing the attacks. The court held that Memon's role was limited not only to the extent of correspondence between the masterminds and all other accused, but they were also entrusted with task of handling the explosive bags and for their safe keeping, which is stated in the confessional statements of various co-accused persons. It also held that Memon was actively involved in hawala transactions for the purpose of facilitating the blasts. The judges called them the "mastermind" and "driving force" behind the bombings. Memon has consistently claimed innocence.
Memon then filed a Review Petition seeking review of Supreme Court's judgment confirming their death sentence. On 30 July 2013, Supreme Court bench headed by Chief Justice P Sathasivam and Justice BS Chauhan rejected Memon's application for oral hearing and dismissed their review petition by circulation. Memon then filed a Writ Petition before the Supreme Court as the issue of oral hearing of review petitions against death sentences was being heard by the Supreme Court.
On 6 August 2013, Memon's brother Suleman filed a mercy petition before the President of India. However, Indian President Pranab Mukherjee rejected Memon's petition for clemency on 11 April 2014.
On 1 June 2014, Justices J. Khehar and C. Nagappan imposed a stay of execution while a plea from Memon, that review of death penalties should be heard in an open court rather than in chambers, was heard by a constitution bench of the Supreme Court which was then extended in December 2014. On 24 March 2015, open court hearing began on Memon's review petition. Senior Counsel Jaspal Singh represented Memon. On 9 April 2015, Supreme Court dismissed Memon's review petition.
On 30 April 2015, Maharashtra Government issued a death warrant setting 30 July 2015 as the date for Memon's execution. Memon then filed a curative petition before the Supreme Court on 22 May 2015, which was rejected on 21 July 2015. Meanwhile, Memon then filed a mercy petition with the Governor of Maharashtra and then filed a Writ before the Supreme Court of India for a stay on their execution till the mercy petition is decided. They claimed that the death warrant was illegal, as it had been issued before they had exhausted all their legal avenues of appeal. The death sentence given to Yakub Memon has been criticized by a few eminent personalities, including Salman Khan, Research and Analysis Wing officer B. Raman, former Supreme Court judge Justice H. S. Bedi, Former Supreme Court judge Markandey Katju, Hussain Zaidi, Ram Jethmalani, Asaduddin Owaisi, R. Jagannathan and a few Muslim bodies, who asked for implementation of the Srikrishna Commission report. On 26 July 2015, a petition was handed over by some eminent personalities and political leaders to President Mukherjee to reconsider Memon's mercy plea.
On 28 July 2015, Memon filed a fresh writ petition before the Supreme Court challenging the order passed in the curative petition contending that the required quorum was not present based on the interpretation of the Supreme Court Rules. After the hearing, the two judges disagreed on the issue and passed an order requesting the Chief Justice of India (CJI) to urgently constitute a larger bench. On July 29, the Supreme Court rejected their petition. Memon also submitted a petition for clemency to Maharashtra Governor C. Vidyasagar Rao and a fresh petition to President Mukherjee, both of which were rejected. As a final resort Memon's lawyers filed a plea for 14-day stay of execution with Supreme Court Chief Justice citing that there needs to be 14-day period between a mercy plea rejected by president and the execution. A three-judge bench convened at 2:30 IST to hear the arguments. After hearing the arguments the bench upheld the execution, rejecting Memon's lawyers arguments.
Imprisonment
Memon was originally held at Yerwada Central Jail, and was transferred to Nagpur Central Jail in August 2007. While in prison, they studied at Indira Gandhi National Open University and earned two master's degrees: the first, in 2013, in English literature and the second degree, in 2014, in political science.
Execution
Memon was executed at Nagpur Central Jail at around 6:30 am IST on 30 July 2015, their 53rd birthday. They had been woken up at 4:00 AM, permitted to take a warm bath and was provided with a fresh set of clothing. They were allowed to read the Quran and do Salah, given a last meal of their choice, allowed a final phone call with their daughter as per their last wish, and underwent a final medical examination before the execution. A Pune police constable who had previously hanged Ajmal Kasab carried out the execution. They became the 24th person to be hanged at Nagpur Central Jail since 1947.
Their execution set off a debate on capital punishment in India, with many commentators and activists calling for its abolition.
In media
Memon was portrayed by actor/director Imtiaz Ali in Anurag Kashyap's film Black Friday. The film includes some of the actual footage of Yakub Memon's interview given to Madhu Trehan of Newstrack, where they state that the conspiracy was orchestrated by their brother Tiger Memon and their underworld associates.
References
External links
Yakub Memon – Timeline of legal developments
How Memon brothers planned 'Black Friday'
Yakub Memon's interview with Headlines Today
1962 births
2015 deaths
1993 Bombay bombings
20th-century criminals
21st-century executions by India
Criminals from Mumbai
Indian accountants
Indian Muslims
Indian people imprisoned on charges of terrorism
Indian smugglers
Memon people
People executed by India by hanging
Prisoners and detainees of Maharashtra
Indian people convicted of murder
People convicted of murder by India
People convicted on terrorism charges
D-Company
Somanniathelphusa is a genus of freshwater crabs found in southeast China, Taiwan, and southeast Asia. It includes the following species:
Somanniathelphusa amoyensis Naiyanetr & Dai, 1997
Somanniathelphusa araeochela Naiyanetr & Dai, 1997
Somanniathelphusa bawangensis Dai & Xing, 1994
Somanniathelphusa boyangensis Dai, Peng & Zhou, 1994
Somanniathelphusa brevipodum Tai, Song, He, Cao, Xu & Zhong, 1975
Somanniathelphusa dangi Yeo & Nguyen, 1999: Vietnam
Somanniathelphusa falx Ng & Dudgeon, 1992
Somanniathelphusa gaoyunensis Dai, Peng & Zhou, 1994
Somanniathelphusa grayi (Alcock, 1909)
Somanniathelphusa guillinensis Naiyanetr & Dai, 1997
Somanniathelphusa hainanensis Dai & Xing, 1994
Somanniathelphusa huaanensis Naiyanetr & Dai, 1997
Somanniathelphusa huanglungensis Dai, Peng & Zhou, 1994
Somanniathelphusa kyphuensis Dang, 1975: Vietnam
Somanniathelphusa lacuvita Ng, 1995
Somanniathelphusa linchuanensis Dai, Peng & Zhou, 1994
Somanniathelphusa longicaudus Naiyanetr & Dai, 1997
Somanniathelphusa megachela Naiyanetr & Dai, 1997
Somanniathelphusa nanningensis Naiyanetr & Dai, 1997
Somanniathelphusa pax Ng & Kosuge, 1995: Vietnam
Somanniathelphusa plicatus (Fabricius, 1798): Vietnam
Somanniathelphusa qiongshanensis Dai & Xing, 1994
Somanniathelphusa ruijiensis Dai, Peng & Zhou, 1994
Somanniathelphusa sinensis (H. Milne-Edwards, 1853): China, Vietnam
Somanniathelphusa taiwanensis Bott, 1968
Somanniathelphusa tongzhaensis Naiyanetr & Dai, 1997
Somanniathelphusa triangularis Dang & Hai, 2005: Vietnam
Somanniathelphusa yangshanensis Naiyanetr & Dai, 1997
Somanniathelphusa yuilinensis Naiyanetr & Dai, 1997
Somanniathelphusa zanklon Ng & Dudgeon, 1992
Somanniathelphusa zhangpuensis Naiyanetr & Dai, 1997
Somanniathelphusa zhapoensis Naiyanetr & Dai, 1997
Somanniathelphusa zhongshiensis Dai, Peng & Zhou, 1994
References
Gecarcinucoidea
Freshwater crustaceans of Asia
th:ปูนา
Dance Hall was an American Pre-Code musical film directed by Melville Brown and written by Jane Murfin and J. Walter Ruben, based on the short story of the same name by Vina Delmar. It was RKO's second to last release of the decade, and was a critical and financial flop. Dance Hall featured a love triangle with a shipping clerk competing with a dashing aviator for the affections of a young taxi dancer.
Plot
A shipping clerk, Tommy Flynn (Arthur Lake), engages a young female taxi dancer, Gracie Nolan (Olive Borden), and the two gain some success in dance halls, winning several dance contests. As they do, they become infatuated with her, but they only has eyes for a pilot, Ted Smith (Ralph Emerson), who wants them as a trophy of their own.
Flynn is unsuccessful in their attempts to woo the young Gracie, until the pilot crashes during their attempt at a transcontinental flight. Flynn hides the fact from Gracie that the pilot is still alive, as they attempt to get them to fall in love with him,. When they discover their subterfuge, they are enraged and rushes off to be with the pilot.
However, when they find Smith, they uncover that they have been living with another woman. Devastated, they return to Tommy, who takes them back. Reunited, the two lovers become a successful dancing team.
Cast
Arthur Lake as Tommy Flynn
Olive Borden as Gracie Nolan
Joseph Cawthorn as Bremmer
Margaret Seddon as Mrs. Flynn
Ralph Emerson as Ted Smith
Lee Moran as Ernie
Helen Kaiser as Bee
Tom O'Brien as Truck driver
George Irving as Doctor Loring
Production
In February 1929, it was announced that Viña Delmar had been signed by RKO to write the story of Dance Hall. By the end of June, RKO had scheduled filming to begin on approximately August 1, 1929.
In September, The Film Daily reported that Melville Brown had been signed to a long-term contract by RKO, and that Dance Hall would be their first project with their new studio, and in early October, it was learned that J. Walter Ruben would be contributing to the script's dialogue. Also in October, RKO announced that Arthur Lake and Olive Borden were attached to the project, and also that Margaret Seddon, Ralph Emerson and Tom O'Brien would be joining the cast. The production featured the introduction of two new dances: the "Dumb Drag" and the "Blue Bottom".
While originally scheduled for August, filming on Dance Hall did not begin until mid-October 1929. After production began, a fire at Consolidated Film Industries, the laboratory developing the negatives, destroyed two days worth of filming. By November 20, filming on Dance Hall had concluded and the picture was being edited.
Dance Hall opened on December 15, 1929 at the Globe Theater in New York City, although the American Film Institute has it opening a day earlier.
Reception
In their film review for The New York Times, Mordaunt Hall characterized Dance Hall as mildly entertaining, "... while it may be a slice of life, or whatever one cares to characterize it, the result is far from being an edifying entertainment. Possibly some of those who compete in marathon dances may find that this production appeals to them, but others, young or old, will, in all probability, wish for something just a trifle more stimulating to the mind than this tale of a dance cup winner and their love for their partner."
Film historians Richard Jewell and Vernon Harbin in The RKO Story (1982) considered Dance Hall, a "sour note ..." yet "... mildly diverting." They further described that the film "collapsed in the critical areas of acting (Arthur Lake was the weakest of the weak), (and) dialogue ..."
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
Jewell, Richard B. and Vernon Harbin. The RKO Story. New York: Arlington House, 1982. .
Pendo, Stephen. Aviation in the Cinema. Lanham, Maryland: Scarecrow Press, 1985. .
Wynne, H. Hugh. The Motion Picture Stunt Pilots and Hollywood's Classic Aviation Movies. Missoula, Montana: Pictorial Histories Publishing Co., 1987. .
External links
1929 films
1929 musical films
American aviation films
American musical films
American black-and-white films
Films based on short fiction
RKO Pictures films
Films with screenplays by Jane Murfin
Films directed by Melville W. Brown
Films based on works by Viña Delmar
1920s American films
Art of Fighting is a series of video games released in the 1990s.
It may also refer to:
Art of Fighting, an anime television special based on the first video game
Art of Fighting (band), an Australian indie rock band
Art of Fighting (film), a South Korean film
Art of Fighting Anthology, a video game compilation of the Art of Fighting series for PlayStation 2
Biotin-dependent malonate decarboxylase (, malonate decarboxylase (with biotin), malonate decarboxylase) is an enzyme with systematic name malonate carboxy-lyase (biotin-dependent). This enzyme catalyses the following chemical reaction
malonate + H+ acetate + CO2
Two types of malonate decarboxylase are currently known, both of which form multienzyme complexes.
References
External links
EC 4.1.1
Tikveš plain () is situated in central North Macedonia. It is known for an artificial lake, which is the site of the Tikveš Hydroelectric Power Station. It is home to the towns of Kavadarci and Negotino. Famous for its wine, Tikveš is the center of the Macedonian wine production which has been cultivated for more than 120 years. The region is also famous for its yogurt and sour milk.
Environment
Important Bird Area
The lake forms the centre of a 25,500 ha tracts, encompassing arable land, forest, shrubland and wetland, that has been designated an Important Bird Area (IBA) by BirdLife International because it supports populations of rock partridges, black storks, Eurasian eagle-owls, Egyptian vultures, short-toed snake-eagles, golden eagles, lesser kestrels, eastern subalpine warblers, western rock nuthatches, eastern black-eared wheatears and black-headed buntings.
Wine industry
A large fertile plain of about makes up the Tikveš district (part of Povardarie region), located in central North Macedonia and enclosed by mountain highlands on three sides. It consists of gentle undulating hills at an average of above sea-level. Its climate is characterized by long, hot summers and mild and rainy sub-mediterranean winters with an average of of rainfall each year. Spring is shorter here and Autumn is a bit longer and warmer.
Its altitude varies between . The Vardar River, the country's principal river, cuts the valley into western and eastern sections. These two sections are very different in their relief, climate, surface waters, soil quality and flora and fauna. The valley's eastern section is arid and sparsely populated, while the western section is fertile and, compared to that of the east, much more densely populated. This area is also rich in forests, minerals and pastureland, with vineyards and orchards.
District's wine growing characteristics
average sum of active temperatures during vegetation
absolute maximum temperature
absolute minimum temperature
average air temperature during the vegetation period
average late spring frosts occur to 23 March, early autumn frosts from 4 November
average rainfall per year
average rainfall in the period of vegetation
sum of sunny hours during vegetation 1750.8
Varieties
As a result of a harmonious climatic and geographic convergence, the Tikveš region is a perfect place for the cultivation of wine (which is locally popular). The region has produced wine for over 2,500 years.
Today, there are predominantly 20 different grape varieties grown in the Tikveš region. The local Smederevka, Vranec and Temjanika comprise 80% of the total grape production. As wine consumers' preferences change globally, the region keep paces with current trends and adjusts its vine varieties accordingly.
See also
Muscat Ottonel
Povardarie
Smederevka
Temjanika (Muscat Blanc à Petits Grains)
Vranec
References
External links
Official Tikveš Winery Website
Come to Macedonia and Your Heart Will Remain Here
Cyber Macedonia
Wines of Macedonia
The Tikves Transformation: from State-Owned Producer to Elite Winery
Tikvesh the Wine Heart of Macedonia
Tanec-Tikfesko video
Kалендарот за Тиквеш со Николина Пишек
Landforms of North Macedonia
Kavadarci Municipality
Negotino Municipality
Plains of Europe
Important Bird Areas of North Macedonia
The European Qualifiers for men's football competitions at the 1984 Summer Olympics to be held in Los Angeles. The tournament took place from 2 March 1983 to 25 April 1984 including a preliminary round. At the end four countries qualified including West Germany, Norway, Yugoslavia, and France.
Group A
Soviet Union withdrew from final tournament and were replaced by West Germany (Group D runner-up).
Group B
Group C
Preliminary play-off
|}
Group stage
Group D
Subgroup 1
Subgroup 2
Group final
|}
Notes
References
External links
Games of the XXIV. Olympiad - European Football Qualifying Tournament (Seoul, South Korea, 1988) - Rec.Sport.Soccer Statistics Foundation
Football qualification for the 1984 Summer Olympics
Football at the Summer Olympics – Men's European Qualifiers
Talus may refer to:
Fictional entities
Talos or Talus, a bronze giant in Greek mythology
Talus, a young champion in Paladins: Champions of the Realm
Talus, a fictional planet in Star Wars
Talus, a character in The Faerie Queene by Edmund Spenser
Talus, an enemy in The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild made of animated stone
Other uses
Talus (fortification), a sloped portion of a fortified wall
Talus slope or deposit, a slope formed by an accumulation of broken rock debris, as at the base of a cliff or other high place, also called scree
Talus, an electronic design automation tool by Magma Design Automation
Talus bone, an ankle bone
See also
Tallis (disambiguation)
Tallus, a communications device in the Marvel Universe
Talos (disambiguation)
The Stevens School is a historic school building located at York, York County, Pennsylvania. It was designed by architect John A. Dempwolf and built in 1889–1890. It is a 2 1/2-story, red-orange brick building in the Romanesque Revival style. It is in the form of a Latin cross and has a slate covered hipped roof. It features terra cotta ornamentation. It was named for Congressman Thaddeus Stevens (1792 - 1868). The building was converted to apartments.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in York County, Pennsylvania
References
School buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Pennsylvania
Romanesque Revival architecture in Pennsylvania
School buildings completed in 1890
Buildings and structures in York, Pennsylvania
National Register of Historic Places in York County, Pennsylvania
The black-spotted barbet (Capito niger) is a species of bird in the family Capitonidae, the New World barbets. It is found in Brazil, the Guianas, and Venezuela.
Taxonomy and systematics
Until the late 20th century, the black-spotted barbet was often considered to be a subspecies of the widespread gilded barbet (Capito auratus). The black-spotted, gilded, and brown-chested barbets (C. brunneipectus) apparently form a superspecies.
As it is currently defined, the black-spotted barbet is monotypic.
Description
The black-spotted barbet is long and weighs . It is intricately colored, with much variation in the richness of the colors. The adult male has a red forehead, a yellowish crown and nape, and a black band from the lores to the nape. The nape has dusky streaks. Its upperside is black; its mantle is outlined yellowish and it has yellowish wingbars. Its throat is red, the breast and belly yellow, and the flanks yellow with an olive tinge and black streaks. The adult female is similarly colored but more heavily marked; its upperparts have pale flecks on the black and the breast and belly are spotted or streaked. The immatures are similar to the adults but duller.
Distribution and habitat
The black-spotted barbet is found in the eastern parts of Venezuela's Bolívar and Delta Amacuro states, the three countries of the Guianas, and the Brazilian states of Roraima, Pará, and Amapá north of the Amazon River. It inhabits the interiors of a variety of forest types including terra firme, riparian, and várzea. It also uses the forest edges and more open terrain such as gardens and plantations. In elevation it ranges from sea level up to in Venezuela and as high as in the Guianas.
Behavior
Feeding
Though little is known about the black-spotted barbet's diet and foraging habits, they are assumed to be similar to those of the gilded barbet.
Breeding
The black-spotted barbet breeds from September to May and possibly to July. Pairs excavate a cavity in a tree above ground. The female lays three or four eggs and both parents incubate them.
Vocalization
The black-spotted barbet's song is "double, sometimes single, low 'wú-woot' notes" . Its call is a scratchy croak .
Status
The IUCN has assessed the black-spotted barbet as being of The Least Concern. Though its population has not been quantified, the species is uncommon to widespread in its range and occurs in several protected areas.
References
External links
Black-spotted Barbet videos on the Internet Bird Collection
Stamp (for the Netherlands Antilles) Bird Series
Black-spotted Barbet photo gallery VIREO Photo-High Res
Photo-Medium Res; Article nashvillezoo.org—"Ramphastidae"
Photo-High Res; Article oiseaux
black-spotted barbet
Birds of the Guianas
Birds of the Brazilian Amazon
black-spotted barbet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Fisholme is a small area in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England that is situated between Brigham and Emmotland. The canal section of the Driffield Navigation leaves Frodingham Beck at this point.
Location
0.7 miles south-east of Brigham on the Holderness Plain.
Situated on the Driffield Navigation
Next point upstream = Brigham
Next point downstream = Emmotland
Next point upstream on Frodingham Beck = Frodingham Landing
History
There is a moat shown on the OS of the area, and a building called Fisholme Barn used by the Manor Farm, Brigham.
See also
Driffield Navigation
Geography of the East Riding of Yorkshire
Nikita Dmitrievich Khakimov (; born 13 June 1988) is a Russian badminton player. Khakimov educated economics at the Moscow State Forest University, and competed at the 2015 Summer Universiade in Gwangju, South Korea. Khakimov was part of the Russian national team that won the bronze medal at the 2020 European Men's Team Championships.
Achievements
BWF International Challenge/Series
Men's doubles
Mixed doubles
BWF International Challenge tournament
BWF International Series tournament
BWF Future Series tournament
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
Badminton players from Moscow
Russian male badminton players
Kuttyedathi (, ) is a 1971 Malayalam language film, directed by P. N. Menon and written by M. T. Vasudevan Nair. It was widely regarded as one of the best South Indian films made in the 1970s. Crew - Music: M. S. Baburaj, Cinematography: Ashok Kumar, Operative cameraman: P. S. Nivas and editing: Ravi Kiran. Kuttyedathi is woven around the life of a girl, who is an ugly duckling with tomboyish tendencies, and who is continuously discriminated against in favour of their prettier younger sister. The film was shot at Shoranur.
Cast
Sathyan as Appunni
S. P. Pillai as Govindan Nair
Jayabharathi as Janu
Jeassy
Kuttyedathi Vilasini as Malu (Kuttiyedathi)
Master Sathyajith as Vasu
Kuthiravattam Pappu as Kuttishankaran
Raman Menon
Ammini
Balan K. Nair
Nilambur Balan as Karuthan
Philomina as Narayani
Kozhikode Shantha Devi as Meenakshi
Soundtrack
The music was composed by M. S. Baburaj and the lyrics were written by Swathi Thirunal and Sreekumaran Thampi.
References
External links
Kuttiyedathi at the Malayalam Movie Database
1970s Malayalam-language films
Films with screenplays by M. T. Vasudevan Nair
Films directed by P. N. Menon (director)
Jack Glover is an American artist living and working in Richmond, Virginia.
Education
Jack Glover went to the John Herron Art Institute and began their life-long concentration on woodcuts at Indiana University Bloomington. "The grain of the wood dictates where a line will go, and you just have to follow it,” they said in an interview by Richmond Magazine. Their dyslexia, which reverses letters, offered an advantage as wood blocks must be cut in mirror-image for printing. They developed their own woodcut printmaking technique, which is unusual in the large size of the prints. All of the woodblocks are cut by hand, and the inked impressions are hand-rubbed without the use of a press.
Entertainment and other performance venues
They participated in the East Virginia Toadsuckers musical ensemble along with Virginia Commonwealth University education professor Howard A. Ozmon Jr. and VCU special education professor Howard Garner. The group's musical virtuosity extended to banjo, guitar, washboard and kazoo played at fairs and other events. For twenty years they performed at venues such as Nashville, Tennessee's famous Exit/In and the Mississippi Whiskers. In 1977 they appeared on the hayseed comedy variety show, Hee Haw.
Awards, teaching demonstrations, videos
In the 1960s, Glover taught at Richmond Professional Institute, now Virginia Commonwealth University's School of the Arts, where they were an Associate Professor, and they served in the Richmond City Public Schools for 39 years as Artist-in-Residence and Arts Resource Specialist.
In 2016 Glover received a Theresa Pollak Award for Excellence in the Arts from Richmond Magazine for their total body of work. They worked for almost forty years for Richmond Public Schools, including their artist-in-residence program at William Fox Elementary School. They were Richmond's Collegiate School artist-in-residence for Spark Summer 2010. Glover's work is included in the “Artists Coloring Book Vol. II”, edited by Chuck Scalin. They were honored at the White House and the Carter Center for their book "Theatre Arts and the Handicapped."
Exhibitions and collections
Glover was a regular exhibitor with One/Off Printmakers at the Virginia Museum of Fine Art Studio School Gallery and also exhibited in One/Off's many worldwide exhibitions. In 2016, a retrospective of their large, hand-cut and hand-rubbed woodcut prints depicting subjects and text excerpted from actual newspaper articles was shown at St. Giles Presbyterian Church in Richmond. In 2002 their Virginia Museum of Fine Arts One/Off Printmakers portfolio prints were exhibited in a group show at Artspace when that gallery was at 6 East Broad in Richmond. They were one of the early members and founders of the Richmond Printmaking Workshop, from which base One/Off Printmakers was formed. Their woodcut prints were exhibited in Artists Collect, Too at Artspace and Artists Collect, Too II at Art6.
Their art was exhibited with that of Dennis Winston, Aaron McIntosh, Gordon Stettinius, and Wesley Taylor in Manifest, a satellite exhibition of 1708 Gallery.
Biography
Glover, who is from Indiana, is married to writer Susan Hankla, whose book of poetry, Clinch River, was published in Roanoke, Virginia by Groundhog Poetry Press in 2017. The Richard S. Reynolds Foundation, a family foundation which sponsors Virginia Center for the Creative Arts residencies for Virginia artists, sponsored residency fellowships for Jack Glover and Susan Hankla at the VCCA.
References
American printmakers
Living people
Virginia Commonwealth University faculty
Artists from Richmond, Virginia
Year of birth missing (living people)
Vancouver City was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia. It was a multiple member riding based in the newly created city of Vancouver.
It did not appear on the hustings until the 1890 election - the city only having been chartered and named in the year of the previous election when the locality was a small polling area of the New Westminster (provincial electoral district) riding. It is a sign of Vancouver's rapid growth that by 1890 there were over 300 electors, by 1900 there were 15,000, by 1903 over 25,000 votes cast; prior to 1885 the population of the waterside village of Granville, B.I. (Burrard Inlet, a postal address shared by Moodyville, New Brighton and Barnet) had been in the range of 300. When the riding was created it was a two-member riding but because of population increase was made a three-member riding in 1890 and in 1903 a five-member seat. Under the Block Voting system in use, each voter had right to cast as many votes as there were seats to fill.
By 1920 Vancouver having grown to 200,000 inhabitants, the district became a six-member seat with about 40,000 voting, and over 200,000 votes cast.
When it was broken up after the 1928 election, it became four ridings, three with two members (Vancouver-Burrard, Vancouver Centre and Vancouver East and one with three members (Vancouver-Point Grey.
Demographics
Political Geography and History
Vancouver City was a multi seat district, electing from two to six MLAs, before being dismantled in 1928.
Each voter could cast as many votes as there were seats to fill in the district.
In most of the elections from 1903, when party labels were first used formally, to 1920, the Block Voting system in use meant that one party took all of the city's seats. But in most cases, that one party took less than half the votes.
From 1903 to 1912, the Conservative party took all of the Vancouver City seats each time, with the most popular Conservative candidate taking less than 11 percent of votes cast.
In 1916 and 1920, the Liberal party took five of Vancouver City's six seats, with a Conservative taking one seat.
In 1924, the Liberal party took five of Vancouver City's six seats, with a "Provincial Party" candidate taking one seat.
In 1928, the Conservative party took all six of Vancouver City's seats.
Following the 1928 election, Vancouver City was converted into four new districts, electing a total of 9 MLAs.
Notable elections
Notable MLAs
Joe Martin, aka "Fighting Joe"
Charles A. Woodward, founder of Woodward's and father of W.C. "Billy" Woodward, later Lieutenant-Governor, and grandfather of Charles N. "Chunky" Woodward.
Electoral history
Note: winners in each election in bold.
|Independent
|James Welton Horne 3
|align="right"|695
|align="right"|22.33%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Independent
|Robert Garnett Tatlow
|align="right"|478
|align="right"|15.35%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="right" colspan=3|Total valid votes
!align="right"|3,113
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="right" colspan=3|Total rejected ballots
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="right" colspan=3|Turnout
!align="right"|%
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="right" colspan=7|1 Vancouver publisher (Vancouver Province newspaper) and mayoral contender
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="right" colspan=7|2 Landowner at "Greer's Beach", now Kitsilano Beach.
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="right" colspan=7|3 Promoter of the "Great Land Sale" in 1891 in Mission City
|}
|Independents
|Samuel Greer
|align="right"|208
|align="right"|2.56%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="right" colspan=3|Total valid votes
!align="right"|8,127
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="right" colspan=3|Total rejected ballots
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="right" colspan=3|Turnout
!align="right"|%
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
|}
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="right" colspan=3|Total valid votes
!align="right"|10,636
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="right" colspan=3|Total rejected ballots
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="right" colspan=3|Turnout
!align="right"|%
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
|}
|-
|Conservative
|William John Bowser
|align="right"|3,152
|align="right"|10.45%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Liberal
|John Wallace deBeque Farris
|align="right"|2,096
|align="right"|6.95%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Conservative
|James Ford Garden
|align="right"|3,080
|align="right"|10.21%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Liberal
|Alexander Henderson
|align="right"|2,248
|align="right"|7.45%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Conservative
|Alexander Henry Boswell MacGowan
|align="right"|3,141
|align="right"|10.41%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Conservative
|George Albert McGuire
|align="right"|2,994
|align="right"|9.92%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Liberal
|William Wallace Burns McInnes
|align="right"|2,233
|align="right"|7.40%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Liberal
|Robert Purvis McLennan
|align="right"|2,316
|align="right"|7.68%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Liberal]
|Thomas Fletcher Neelands
|align="right"|2,063
|align="right"|6.84%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Canadian Labour Party of BC
|Albert George Perry
|align="right"|281
|align="right"|0.93%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Conservative
|Robert Garnet Tatlow 6
|align="right"|3,136
|align="right"|10.39%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Canadian Labour Party of BC
|Francis Williams
|align="right"|401
|align="right"|1.33%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="right" colspan=3|Total valid votes
!align="right"|30,173
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="right" colspan=3|Total rejected ballots
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="right" colspan=3|Turnout
!align="right"|%
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="right" colspan=7|6 spelled Garnet on this ballot, Garnett in other years
|}
1909 election
|-
|Conservative
|William John Bowser
|align="right"|5,441
|align="right"|10.60%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Liberal
|John Bell Campbell
|align="right"|3,227
|align="right"|6.29%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Liberal
|George Ernest MacDonald
|align="right"|3,984
|align="right"|7.76%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Conservative
|Alexander Henry Boswell MacGowan
|align="right"|3,141
|align="right"|10.41%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Conservative
|George Albert McGuire
|align="right"|4,826
|align="right"|9.41%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Liberal
|John Harold Senkler
|align="right"|4,110
|align="right"|8.01%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Liberal
|James Stables
|align="right"|3,356
|align="right"|6.54%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Conservative]
|Charles Edward Tisdall
|align="right"|2,063
|align="right"|6.84%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Liberal
|Frederick Coate Wade
|align="right"|3,942
|align="right"|7.68%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Conservative]
|Henry Holgate Watson
|align="right"|5,202
|align="right"|10.14%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="right" colspan=3|Total valid votes
!align="right"|51,316
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="right" colspan=3|Total rejected ballots
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="right" colspan=3|Turnout
!align="right"|%
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
|}
|-
|Conservative
|William John Bowser
|align="right"|5,101
|align="right"|11.02%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Liberal
|Cameron William Smith
|align="right"|2,716
|align="right"|5.87%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Liberal
|Joseph Nealon Ellis
|align="right"|2,619
|align="right"|5.66%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Liberal
|Charles William Enright
|align="right"|2,947
|align="right"|6.37%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Independent
|Samuel Greer
|align="right"|897
|align="right"|1.94%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Conservative
|Alexander Henry Boswell MacGowan
|align="right"|5,061
|align="right"|10.93%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Conservative
|George Albert McGuire
|align="right"|5,114
|align="right"|11.05%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Liberal
|Ralph Smith
|align="right"|3,257
|align="right"|7.04%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Liberal
|William Maxwell Smith
|align="right"|2,744
|align="right"|5.93%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Conservative
|Charles Edward Tisdall
|align="right"|5,085
|align="right"|10.97%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Conservative
|Henry Holgate Watson
|align="right"|4,977
|align="right"|10.75%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="right" colspan=3|Total valid votes
!align="right"|46,285
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="right" colspan=3|Total rejected ballots
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="right" colspan=3|Turnout
!align="right"|%
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
|}
|-
|Conservative
|William John Bowser
|align="right"|7,818
|align="right"|4.12%
|Canadian Labour Party
|Wilfred Harry Cottrell
|align="right"|6,314
|align="right"|3.33%
|Canadian Labour Party
|William Dunn
|align="right"|5,752
|align="right"|3.03%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Liberal
|John Wallace deBeque Farris
|align="right"|8,427
|align="right"|4.44%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Conservative
|Samuel Lyness Howe
|align="right"|7,250
|align="right"|3.82%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Conservative
|Thomas Henry Kirk
|align="right"|7,686
|align="right"|4.05%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Canadian Labour Party
|Angus McInnis
|align="right"|5,897
|align="right"|3.11%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Liberal
|Ian Alistair MacKenzie
|align="right"|9,476
|align="right"|4.99%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Liberal
|Christopher McRae
|align="right"|9,778
|align="right"|5.15%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Conservative
|Royal Lethington Maitland
|align="right"|8,417
|align="right"|4.44%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Canadian Labour Party
|Edmund Henry Morrison
|align="right"|5,613
|align="right"|2.96%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Liberal
|Victor Wentworth Odlum
|align="right"|10,011
|align="right"|5.28%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Conservative
|Perry Douglas Roe
|align="right"|7,222
|align="right"|3.81%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Conservative
|Emma Wood Scott
|align="right"|7,292
|align="right"|3.84%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Liberal
|Mary Ellen Smith
|align="right"|9,251
|align="right"|4.88%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Canadian Labour Party
|Priscilla Janet Smith
|align="right"|6,078
|align="right"|3.20%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Liberal
|Charles Woodward
|align="right"|11,318
|align="right"|5.97%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="right" colspan=3|Total valid votes
!align="right"|189,728
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="right" colspan=3|Total rejected ballots
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="right" colspan=3|Turnout
!align="right"|%
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
|}
|-
|Liberal
|Henry Elston Almond
|align="right"|11,818
|align="right"|6.56%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Conservative
|William Dick
|align="right"|15,968
|align="right"|8.86%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Liberal
|Dugald Donaghy
|align="right"|13,176
|align="right"|7.31%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Liberal
|John Pitcairn Hogg
|align="right"|10,948
|align="right"|6.08%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Conservative
|Thomas Henry Kirk
|align="right"|15,943
|align="right"|8.85%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Independent Labour Party
|Angus McInnis
|align="right"|6,026
|align="right"|3.34%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Conservative
|Royal Lethington Maitland
|align="right"|16,499
|align="right"|9.16%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Conservative
|William Curtis Shelly
|align="right"|17,486
|align="right"|9.70%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Independent Labour Party
|Robert Skinner
|align="right"|4,223
|align="right"|2.34%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Liberal
|Helen Douglas Smith
|align="right"|12,514
|align="right"|6.94%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Conservative
|Nelson Spencer
|align="right"|16,717
|align="right"|9.28%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Liberal
|Frederick William Sterling
|align="right"|11,045
|align="right"|6.13%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Liberal
|Nicholas Thompson
|align="right"|11,101
|align="right"|6.16%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|Conservative
|George Alexander Walkem
|align="right"|15,769
|align="right"|8.75%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|unknown
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="right" colspan=3|Total valid votes
!align="right"|180,209
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="right" colspan=3|Total rejected ballots
!align="right"|425
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="right" colspan=3|Turnout
!align="right"|%
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
|}
Vancouver City last appeared in the 1928 election. For the 1933 general election Vancouver City was redistributed into:
Vancouver-Burrard
Vancouver Centre
Vancouver East
Vancouver-Point Grey
References
Former provincial electoral districts of British Columbia
Creptotrema is a genus of Trematoda belonging to the family Allocreadiidae.
The genus was first described by Travassos, Artigas & Pereira in 1928.
Its type-species is Creptotrema creptotrema Travassos, Artigas & Pereira, 1928.
According to a molecular and morphological study by Franceschini et al. (2021), Creptotrema is a monophyletic genus of trematodes widely distributed across the Americas, which currently comprises 19 valid species of parasites of teleost fish and anurans.
Gallery of images of various Creptotrema species
References
Trematoda
Johann Ludwig Friedrich Lahrs (11 July 1880 – 13 March 1964) was a German architect and professor.
Life
Lahrs was born in Königsberg, East Prussia. After attending the Löbenicht Realgymnasium, Lahrs studied at the Technical University in Charlottenburg in 1898. They worked in Berlin and Charlottenburg until 1908; in 1906 they were awarded the Schinkelpreis in honor of Karl Friedrich Schinkel. In 1908 Lahrs began working at the Kunstakademie in their native Königsberg. They served as architectural professor at the Kunstakademie from 1911 to 1934.
Lahrs' most prominent designs included the Kunsthalle (completed 1913) in Tragheim and the new Kunstakademie (completed 1919) after it moved to Ratshof. In 1920 Lahrs and Stanislaus Cauer designed a memorial in the Gemeindefriedhof cemetery near Rothenstein and Maraunenhof; the memorial honored 200 workers killed in a munitions explosion in Rothenstein.
Lahrs also designed the new mausoleum for Immanuel Kant near Königsberg Cathedral in 1924. In the same year they designed a regimental memorial at Brandenburg Gate honoring casualties from Königsberg's foot artillery during World War I. In 1926 they led an excavation of the courtyard of Königsberg Castle. Two years later they designed the provincial finance office, the Landesfinanzamt, just outside Neurossgarten. Lahrs also designed the bookstore Gräfe und Unzer.
Lahrs remained at the Kunstakademie until 1934, when they retired their professorship after the appointment of Kurt Frick to the academy during Gleichschaltung. Lahrs was married to Maria Lahrs, a painter and silhouette artist, with whom they had three daughters. After being expelled from Königsberg in 1945 as a result of World War II, Lahrs settled in Stuttgart. In 1956 they published Das Königsberger Schloß, an architectural history of Königsberg Castle. Lahrs died in 1964 after an auto accident in Stuttgart.
Gallery
References
1880 births
1964 deaths
20th-century German architects
Architecture educators
Architects from Königsberg
Kunstakademie Königsberg faculty
German neoclassical architects
People from East Prussia
Architects from Berlin
DZC '68 is an amateur football club from Doetinchem, Netherlands. It was formed on 1 May 1968 and they play their home games at "Sportpark Zuid". They play in yellow jerseys with blue shorts and blue socks.
In the 2011/2012 season they were relegated from the Eerste Klasse in Dutch amateur football. Two seasons earlier they were promoted to the Eerste Klasse. DZC '68 has produced multiple players who have played professional football. Luuk de Jong, Siem de Jong, Caner Cavlan, Remy Raterink and Cihan Yalcin all have played for DZC '68. Scott Calderwood is a former manager. Joop Doornebosch is an important person for the club and also a former football player of De Graafschap. Siri Worm started their international career on DZC boys' teams.
In 2008 DZC '68 played a match against Aberdeen. The Scottish beat DZC '68 5–0. At the time Jimmy Calderwood was manager of Aberdeen and Scott Calderwood was manager of DZC '68. In 2010 DZC '68 played their neighbours De Graafschap for the last time, losing 4–0.
References
External links
DZC '68
Football clubs in the Netherlands
Football clubs in Doetinchem
1968 establishments in the Netherlands
Association football clubs established in 1968
Mufulira District is a district of Zambia, located in Copperbelt Province. The capital lies at Mufulira. As of the 2000 Zambian Census, the district had a population of 143,930 people. It is divided into three constituencies, namely Mufulira, Kantanshi and Kankoyo.
References
Districts of Copperbelt Province
Little Lord Fauntleroy is an 1886 children's novel written by Frances Hodgson Burnett.
Little Lord Fauntleroy may also refer to:
Little Lord Fauntleroy (1914 film), a silent film featuring John Marlborough East
Little Lord Fauntleroy (murder victim), an unidentified boy whose body was discovered in March 1921 in Wisconsin
Little Lord Fauntleroy (1921 film), a silent film starring Mary Pickford released September
Little Lord Fauntleroy (1936 film), a film starring Freddie Bartholemew and Dolores Costello
Little Lord Fauntleroy (1980 film), a film starring Rick Schroder, Alec Guinness, and Eric Porter
Little Lord Fauntleroy (TV series), a 43-episode anime that aired in 1988
"Little Lord Fontleroy", a 2001 song by Quasi from The Sword of God
People
Luke (given name), a masculine given name (including a list of people and characters with the name)
Luke (surname) (including a list of people and characters with the name)
Luke the Evangelist, author of the Gospel of Luke. Also known as Saint Luke.
Uncle Luke (born 1960), American rapper. Also known as Luke.
Biblical books
Gospel of Luke, a Christian Gospel
Luke–Acts, the composite work of the Gospel of Luke and the Acts of the Apostles in the New Testament
Music
Luke (album), by Steve Lukather
Luke (French band)
"LUKE", a song by Susumu Hirasawa from Glory Wars
Luke Records, a record label
Organizations
Accademia di San Luca, (the "Academy of Saint Luke"), founded in 1577 as an association of artists in Rome
Guild of Saint Luke, a medieval artists' guild named after Saint Luke
Places
Luke (Čajniče), a village in the municipality of Čajniče, Bosnia and Herzegovina
Luke (Hadžići), a village in Sarajevo Canton, Bosnia and Herzegovina
Luke (Pale), a village in the municipality of Pale, Bosnia and Herzegovina
Luke, Vareš, a village in the municipality of Vareš, Bosnia and Herzegovina
Luke (Ivanjica), a village in the municipality of Ivanjica, Serbia
Luke, Estonia, village in Nõo Parish, Tartu County, Estonia
Luke Manor
Luke, North Macedonia, a village in Kriva Palanka
Luke, Maryland, a town in the United States
Luke, an oldentime English overname of the Dutch placename Luik, now known as Liege, Belgium; also, an English word for goods such as velvet and iron from Luik
Luke Air Force Base, Glendale, Arizona, United States
Luke Field, Ford Island, Hawaii, United States, name of the Army Air Force airfield from 1919 to c. 1939
Luke railway station, Luke, Manitoba, Canada
Other uses
Luke, a 1970s British boutique run by Gordon Luke Clarke
Baron Luke, a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom
See also
Louka (disambiguation)
Luka (disambiguation)
Saint Luke (disambiguation)
D.C. Sniper is a 2010 American direct-to-video drama-thriller film directed by Ulli Lommel and written by Lommel and Ken Foree. It stars Foree, Christopher Kriesa and Maria Ochoa.
Plot
The film tells over the Beltway sniper attacks, the crimes of John Allen Muhammad and Lee Malvo.
Cast
Reception
The film was released as direct-to-video project on March 16, 2010.
See also
D.C. Sniper: 23 Days of Fear, a TV movie about the same subject
References
External links
"Project Terrible: D.C. Sniper", Robert Mohr, December 2, 2013
2010 films
2010 crime thriller films
2010 horror films
American crime thriller films
Thriller films based on actual events
Films set in Washington, D.C.
Films shot in Washington, D.C.
American serial killer films
Crime films based on actual events
Films directed by Ulli Lommel
Films scored by Robert J. Walsh
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Trinorfolkia clarkei, known commonly as the Clarke's triplefin or Clarke's threefin, is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Trinorfolkia. It was described by Alexander Morton in 1888 from specimens collected from Clarke Island in the Bass Strait. This species occurs I southern and western Australia from Camden Haven in New South Wales to Rottnest Island in Western Australia and around Tasmania. It occurs on coastal reefs and in estuaries frequently being observed around the pylons supporting structures such as jetties.
References
Clarke's triplefin
Fish described in 1888
Anton Koch (20 January 1903 – 8 February 1963) was an Austrian footballer. They played in three matches for the Austria national football team from 1922 to 1925.
References
External links
1903 births
1963 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
WKTI (94.5 FM) – branded 94.5 ESPN Milwaukee – is a commercial sports radio station licensed to Milwaukee, Wisconsin, serving the Milwaukee metropolitan area. Owned by Good Karma Brands, WKTI is an affiliate for ESPN Radio. WKTI is known as ESPN Milwaukee; also jointly identified as ESPN Wisconsin alongside Madison-based sister station WTLX, which simulcasts much of WKTI's local programming. WKTI also serves as the flagship station for the Marquette Golden Eagles; and the radio home of Mark Chmura, Mark Tauscher, Tony Smith and Steve True. The WKTI studios and transmitter are located off of Capitol Drive (Wisconsin Highway 190) in Milwaukee, an Art Deco facility known as "Radio City", in tribute to the New York complex of the same name. In addition to a standard analog transmission, WKTI broadcasts over two HD Radio channels, and is available online.
History
Early years
The owner of the Milwaukee Journal, in addition to publishing a daily newspaper, was a pioneer of broadcasting. It acquired WTMJ in 1927, after it had been on the air since 1922, among the earliest AM radio stations in Wisconsin. On February 23, 1940, an experimental FM station, W9XAO, started broadcasting in the Apex radio band (roughly between 25 and 44 MHz), as the first FM station west of the Allegheny mountains. In May 1940, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) announced the establishment, effective January 1, 1941, of an FM band operating on 40 channels spanning 42–50 MHz. The first fifteen commercial FM station construction permits were issued on October 31, 1940, including one to the Milwaukee Journal Company for 45.5 MHz, which was issued the call sign W55M. This facility had a 50 kW transmitter located in Richfield, Wisconsin, and primarily simulcast WTMJ's programming.
Effective November 1, 1943, the FCC modified its policy for FM call letters, and the station's call letters were changed to WMFM. The station call letters became WTMJ-FM on December 1, 1945. It began running classical music for some hours of the day; one of the announcers was WTMJ's Jonathan Green, who utilized a more sophisticated voice and name as J. Bradley Green for their work with the FM side. The company began to focus on its new television station, WTMJ-TV, which signed on in 1947. This original WTMJ-FM, along with co-owned WSAU-FM in Wausau, ended operations on April 2, 1950, with their licenses turned in to the FCC for cancellation.
WTMJ-FM
A second WTMJ-FM, predecessor of the current station, commenced operations on June 1, 1959, at 94.5 FM, and ran beautiful music programming for the next 15 years.
WKTI
In 1974, the station changed to a separately programmed automated Top 40 format, using the branding "I-94" (named after Interstate 94, the main east-west interstate highway that runs through Milwaukee). To support the new brand, the owner wanted to change the station's call sign but could not decide on the two middle letters of a new name. The station manager, Jack Lee, proposed "WWWI", but the airstaff was not comfortable about using the tongue-twisting call letters on-air. A sales manager suggested two letters from "Katie", their wife's name; the call sign was thus changed to WKTI. I-94 was an automated station promoted as "Nonstop Stereo Rock."
In 1981, live disc jockeys were employed. The next year, Bob Reitman began hosting WKTI's morning show. The program director, Dallas Cole, added Gene Mueller to the morning show in mid-1982. Lips LaBelle later became the afternoon DJ and promotions director. In late 1982, Danny Clayton became the night DJ and music director. These people worked as a team at WKTI for the next fifteen years. The station experienced steady ratings and growth.
Between 1989 and 1990, WKTI gradually decreased its Top 40 formula and was evolved to Hot AC, as the station decided to target a more adult audience. By around 1999, WXSS-FM began to compete for WKTI's predominantly female audience with music from younger artists. WKTI had a long-standing popular morning show, and the station did not make changes in response to the competition. However, slow adjustments were made to WKTI's playlist, changing to an Adult Top 40 format to attract new and younger listeners. The changes included contests and a Friday playlist called Flashback Friday, which featured music from the 1980s.
In September 2006, apart from the legal station identification, WKTI DJs no longer voiced the "W" in its call sign. The branding changed to 94-5 'KTI, Milwaukee's Hit Music Channel. In late 2006, Bob Reitman semi-retired, moving on to a weekly program on local public radio station WUWM. Gene Mueller continued the morning show with Amy Taylor and Gino Salamone as "Gene, Amy and Gino," until Taylor resigned in April 2007. On May 15, 2007, Gene Mueller left WKTI after 25 years to host WTMJ's "Wisconsin Morning News." A new show, Mathew Blades in the Morning, with Blades, Erin Austin, and AJ, was then launched on WKTI. The station's evening lineup was also changing. Cindy Huber hosted the evening program for two years, but then left the station in a reshuffle and moved to WLDB. The station then began carrying John Tesh's Intelligence for Your Life show.
In September 2008, WKTI broadcast play-by-play coverage for teams normally on WTMJ, while the AM station was carrying a different sport. For example, the Milwaukee Brewers Sunday broadcasts moved to WKTI to allow Green Bay Packers radio play-by-play reports to air on WTMJ. On September 28, 2008, for the first time in Milwaukee FM radio history, WKTI aired a Green Bay Packers game (versus the Tampa Bay Buccaneers). On July 22, 2010, WLWK aired a Brewers game to allow WTMJ's coverage of a sudden flash flood emergency.
94.5 The Lake
At 12:12 p.m. on November 6, 2008, after playing "Damn, I Wish I Was Your Lover" by Sophie B. Hawkins and "Hello, Goodbye" by The Beatles, Journal Broadcast Group general manager Steve Wexler went on WKTI to introduce listeners to a complete makeover for 94.5 FM. The station launched a new adult hits format, branded as "The New 94.5 Lake FM" (in reference to Milwaukee's location on the western shoreline of Lake Michigan). Chicago's "Beginnings" was the first song to be broadcast. With the exception of Matthew Blades, the station's entire air staff was released with the change.
On November 13, 2008, WKTI officially changed call letters to WLWK-FM. Journal warehoused the WKTI call sign at its adult standards station in Powell, Tennessee (serving the Knoxville market) until Journal's sale of the station to local interests in December 2012. The WKTI call sign then moved to the Sturgeon Bay/Door County channel 22 translators for WGBA-TV in Green Bay.
From July 8, 2009 to October 1, 2011, WTMJ-TV's third digital subchannel carried the music network TheCoolTV; the affiliation was co-branded with Lake FM. In 2012, WLWK re-branded as "94.5 The Lake."
Journal Communications and the E. W. Scripps Company announced on July 30, 2014 that the two companies would merge to create a new broadcast company under the E.W. Scripps Company name. The two companies' broadcast properties would be combined, including WLWK-FM, WTMJ, and WTMJ-TV. The deal would separate WLWK from the Journal-Sentinel for the first time in its history, as the two companies' newspapers were to be spun off into a separate company under the Journal Media Group name. The transaction was completed on April 1, 2015.
KTI Country
On May 29, 2015, at 9 a.m., after playing "Pinball Wizard" by The Who and going into a commercial break, WLWK began playing The Beatles' album "Abbey Road" in its entirety. An announcement followed the end of Side 1 from Scripps Milwaukee Radio's Vice President and General Manager Tom Langmyer thanking listeners of The Lake (and revealing the "Abbey Road" move was intended as a tribute to how the station launched) and notifying them about a forthcoming format change. Then, Side 2 was played, ending the "Lake" format with the final song on the album, "The End." At 10 a.m., WLWK flipped to Country music, resurrecting the WKTI-FM call sign as "94.5 KTI Country", while the Sturgeon Bay translator for WGBA changed calls from WKTI-CD to WLWK-CD, effectively switching the calls. The Federal Communications Commission officially made the changes on June 8, 2015. (The "FM" suffix was dropped a week later as the call letters became simply "WKTI.") The first song on the relaunched "KTI" was "Bartender" by Lady Antebellum.
The station became the second FM Country outlet in Milwaukee with a full-power signal, taking on iHeartMedia's heritage country outlet WMIL-FM. It was WMIL's first head-to-head battle since 1987, when it pushed then-rival WBCS out of the format. In November 2017, after only two-and-a-half years, WKTI surpassed WMIL to become the radio market's top-rated country station with listeners 6+ according to the Nielsen Ratings. In December 2017, WKTI also beat WMIL-FM with listeners ages 25–54, and became the #2 station with listeners 18-34 among all radio stations in Milwaukee. Since then, WKTI often led in the country ratings, with WMIL pulling ahead at other times; but the victory was short-lived, as WKTI would be overpowered by WMIL the following year. In WKTI's last ratings book released before the end of the format, it ranked 13th in the Milwaukee market with a 3.5 share, trailing WMIL's 5.6 share.
ESPN Milwaukee
On July 27, 2018, Scripps announced the sale of WKTI and WTMJ to Good Karma Brands as part of its exit from radio broadcasting, becoming part of a cluster with WAUK. Good Karma then announced that, upon closure of the sale on November 1, WKTI would switch to a sports radio format, featuring programming from ESPN Radio; Good Karma also moved the operations of WAUK to Radio City, and continue to lease the existing WTMJ and WKTI studios and offices in the building from Scripps.
In anticipation of the flip, Racine-based WVTY flipped to country on October 30, 2018, imitating WKTI's previous logo and branding as 92.1 VTY Country; WVTY's owner Magnum Communications also purchased advertising time on WKTI through November 2 to promote WVTY and its other co-owned country station in the area, WMBZ in West Bend, under a more receptive arrangement with Good Karma. WVTY had flipped from country to an adult hits format in May 2015 in response to 94.5's format change to country, and used WLWK's former Lake branding until an objection from WKTI's Scripps management at the time led to a rebranding as The Shore.
WKTI initially operated as a simulcast of WAUK, but by June 4, 2019, WKTI shifted towards a mostly-local schedule, and WAUK became mostly a pass-through for the national ESPN Radio schedule.
Programming
Local weekday programming on WKTI includes: Gabe and Chewy hosted by Gabe Neitzel and former NFL player Mark Chmura in morning drive; Wilde and Tausch hosted by Jason Wilde and former NFL player Mark Tauscher in late mornings; Power Lunch with Greg Matzek and TBD hosted by Tony Smith & Bryan Dee, both in middays; Homer and Gabe hosted by Steve True and Gabe Neitzel in afternoon drive; and Doug Russell in early evenings.
Syndicated weekday programs include Golic and Wingo in morning drive, and various other ESPN Radio programs throughout the evening and overnight hours. WKTI also airs ESPN Radio's coverage of MLB, the NBA, the NFL, and NCAA football, and is the flagship station for the Marquette University Golden Eagles college football and basketball teams.
References
External links
KTI
Sports radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1959
ESPN Radio stations
This is a list of yearly Wisconsin Intercollegiate Athletic Conference football standings.
Wisconsin Intercollegiate Athletic Conference standings
Early history
Modern era
References
Wisconsin Intercollegiate Athletic Conference
Standings
The majority of the territory of Western Sahara is currently administered by the Kingdom of Morocco. As such, the majority of the economic activity of Western Sahara happens in the framework of the economy of Morocco.
In the Moroccan-administered territory, fishing and phosphate mining are the principal sources of income for the population. The territory lacks sufficient rainfall for sustainable agricultural production; hence, most of the food for the urban population must be imported. Trade and other economic activities are controlled by the Moroccan government.
The Free Zone (POLISARIO-administered territory) is mainly uninhabited. There is practically no economical infrastructure and the main activity is camel herding nomadism. The government-in-exile of the Polisario Front had also signed contracts for oil exploration, but there is no practical work, due to the fact that the zones given are in the Moroccan-controlled part of the territory.
Key agricultural products from Western Sahara include fruits and vegetables (grown in the few oases) as well as camels, sheep, goats and kept by nomads.
Fishing and oil exploration contracts concerning Western Sahara are sources of political tension.
Energy consumption
Electricity – production: 0 (all estimates are for 2015)
Electricity – consumption: 0
Oil – production:
Oil – consumption:
Disputes over natural resources
Fishing and oil exploration contracts concerning Western Sahara are sources of political tension. In 2015, a European court invalidated a trade deal between the European Union (EU) and Morocco that involved Western Sahara, prompting a diplomatic backlash from Morocco. In 2018, the European Court of Justice ruled that a fishing treaty between the EU and the Moroccan government did not include fishing grounds off the coast of Western Sahara. In April 2010, the Norwegian state-owned salmon company EWOS stopped the purchases of fish oil from Western Sahara and Morocco (with an amount of around 10 million euros annually, and estimated between 12,000 and 20,000 tons of fish oil in total), for "not being in line with the Norwegian authorities' recommendations".
In 2002, the petroleum companies TotalEnergies and Kerr-McGee were awarded contracts to explore for oil in the region. In December 2004, French oil company TotalEnergies decided not to renew their license off Western Sahara. In May 2006, Kerr-McGee decided to not renew the contract signed with the Moroccan Authorities. The US-based firm Kosmos Energy began a contract to explore offshore from Western Sahara in 2013, prompting criticism from activist groups such as Western Sahara Resource Watch. Desertec, a Munich-based solar energy company, declined to place a plant in Western Sahara for "reputational reasons."
See also
Economy of Morocco
Legal status of Western Sahara
Western Saharan cuisine
References
External links
SADR Oil and Gas exploration, licence offering
African Union member economies
Ryongjŏng station is a railway station of the Korean State Railway in Ryongjŏng, Ŭnnyul County, South Hwanghae Province, North Korea. It was the terminus of the narrow-gauge Sŏhaeri Line. The station and the branch line have been out of use since 2002.
History
Ryongjŏng Station was opened by the Korean State Railway in 1964, along with the rest of the Ch'ŏlgwang–Ryongjŏng branch line.
References
Railway stations in North Korea
Mansourah District is a district of Tlemcen Province in north-western Algeria.
Districts of Tlemcen Province
Manushyabandhangal is a 1972 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Crossbelt Mani. The film stars Prem Nazir, Madhu, Sheela and Jayabharathi in the lead roles. The film had musical score by V. Dakshinamoorthy.
Cast
Prem Nazir as Sekharan
Madhu as Madhavan
Sheela as Sudha
Jayabharathi as Nirmala
Adoor Bhasi as Kumaran
N. N. Pillai
P. J. Antony as Sanku Pilla
C. A. Balan as Velu
Girish Kumar as Rajan
J. A. R. Anand as Police
Lakshmi Amma as Naniyamma
Nambiar
Paravoor Bharathan as Varghese
Ramankutty as George
S. P. Pillai as Nanu Nair
Sujatha as Mini
Soundtrack
The music was composed by V. Dakshinamoorthy and the lyrics were written by P. Bhaskaran.
References
External links
1972 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by Crossbelt Mani
The Slovenian Republic Football League () was the highest football league in Slovenia within the Yugoslav football system.
During the time of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia it was known as the Ljubljana Subassociation League () and was one of the qualifying tournaments for the Yugoslav Championship. During the time of Yugoslavia, it was a third level league for most of the time, but became a fourth level in 1988. Before that, the winner was promoted to the Yugoslav Second League, and after that it was promoted to the Yugoslav Inter-Republic League. After Slovenia's independence in 1991, the league was transformed into the Slovenian PrvaLiga.
Winners
Kingdom of Yugoslavia period
Known as the Ljubljana Subassociation League at the time.
Yugoslavia period
Performance by club
Top scorers
References
Football leagues in Slovenia
4
Defunct third level football leagues in Europe
Sport leagues established in 1920
1920 establishments in Slovenia
"Precious Cargo" is the thirty-seventh episode (production #211) of the American science fiction television series Star Trek: Enterprise airing on the UPN. It is the eleventh episode of the series' second season.
Set in the 22nd century, the series follows the adventures of the first Starfleet starship Enterprise, registration NX-01. In this episode, the Enterprise answers an alien distress call and Commander Tucker (Connor Trinneer) is kidnapped and then escapes with a spoiled and beautiful alien princess Kaitaama (Padma Lakshmi).
The episode is noted by technologists for its depiction of the universal translator, one of the technologies real-world experts are interested in realizing.
Plot
Firek Goff, the captain of a Retellian cargo vessel, docks and asks Captain Archer for help; a passenger-carrying stasis pod is malfunctioning. Archer then offers Trip's services, while also extending an offer of Enterprise hospitality to both the captain and their brother, Plinn. When Tucker enters the cargo hold inside Goff's ship, they notice a beautiful female alien beneath the stasis canopy. Goff tells them that they are a passenger traveling home from a planet where they were studying medicine. They explain that because their ship can't travel over warp 2.2, they have to be kept in stasis because there is not enough food to support them all.
As Tucker starts working on the stasis pod, it begins to fail, and fearing that the occupant will suffocate, they release them Tucker is then knocked unconscious by Goff, who then flees from the faster Enterprise by disabling their engines and ionizing its warp trail, but Plinn is left behind. The female passenger, Kaitaama, is initially hostile. Tucker uses the translator Ensign Sato left with him, and they learn they are a high-ranking soon-to-be First Monarch being held for ransom. Tucker has a plan for escape, and though they believe that their status will keep them safe, they join Tucker in an escape pod.
Meanwhile, Archer and Sub-Commander T'Pol use a ruse similar to "good cop/bad cop" to persuade Plinn to tell them how to locate Goff's ship. The plan works and Plinn reveals the warp core's signature frequency. After finding an island on the planet, Tucker and Kaitaama soon set up camp in a swamp, and their mutual antipathy eventually gives way to burgeoning sexual tension. Goff soon locates them using the homing beacon on the escape pod. Tucker and Goff fight until the latter is subdued by Kaitaama, just as an Enterprise rescue team also arrives. Kaitaama is later collected by a battle cruiser from their home world of Krios Prime, and suggests they will invite Tucker to visit them in the future when they are in power.
Production
Writer David Goodman wrote the script based on the story idea presented by Rick Berman and Brannon Braga. Goodman notes that there had been a lot turnover after the first season with writers, and the one writer, Chris who had helped them on their draft was sad about this. Goodman later joked that they were "proud of the fact that I've written one of the most hated episodes of Star Trek ever", they conceded that they were new to the staff and that many of the problems with the episode were their fault, but that the bad script they wrote was not the bad episode that aired. Braga did a rewrite, treating it like a screwball comedy, but they struggled and felt that they did not do a good job.
The episode guest stars the Indian-American actor and model Padma Lakshmi, who went on to host Top Chef. Them character Kaitaama is from Krios Prime, the same planet as Kamala from the Star Trek: The Next Generation ("The Perfect Mate"). Guest star Leland Crooke previously appeared in two episodes of Star Trek: Deep Space Nine as the Vorta Gelnon. Scott Klace was in the Star Trek: Voyager episode "Juggernaut".
The Retellian's cargo spacecraft was designed by John Eaves.
Reception
"Precious Cargo" first aired on UPN December 11, 2002. The episode was watched by an audience of 4.67 million viewers, putting it among the lowest rated episodes of the season.
The good cop/bad cop scene with T'Pol and Archer was noted as one of the better parts of the episode. Michelle Erica Green of TrekNation was critical of the episode, calling it a rip-off of the episodes "Elaan of Troyius" and "The Perfect Mate", and "offering no plot twists that the viewer can't see coming." They also drew comparisons to the film Star Wars (1977), with the character Kaitaama being analogous to Princess Leia and the overall theme of rescuing a princess, flirtatious one liner, and crash landing on an exoplanet like Dagobah. Jammer's Reviews gave the episode 0 out of 4. In their 2022 rewatch, Keith DeCandido of Tor.com gave it 1 out of 10.
In 2011-Star Trek Magazine rated "Precious Cargo" 1 out of 5 and named it the worst episode of the season. They said that although there were many worst episodes to choose from, it was the worst because we had seen it all before; and called it "boring, without merit, and almost unwatchable".
In 2016, fans at the 50th anniversary Star Trek convention voted "Precious Cargo" the 10th-worst episode of any Star Trek series. In 2018, CBR included it on a ranking of Star Trek episodes they considered "So Bad They Must Be Seen". WhatCulture ranked it the 7th-worst episode of the Star Trek franchise; In 2017, Screen Rant ranked it the 11th-worst.
John Billingsley said it was their least favorite episode of the series: "It just didn't come together." Brannon Braga considered it one of the worst episodes of Star Trek.
In 2021, The Digital Fix said this episode was not terrible, just that "these stories have been done before. And better."
Home media release
The first home media release of "Precious Cargo" was as part of the season two DVD box set, released in the United States on July 26, 2005. A release on Blu-ray Disc for season two occurred on August 20, 2013.
See also
Arena (Star Trek: The Original Series) (Alien universal translator shown)
Metamorphosis (Star Trek: The Original Series) (Star Trek universal translator introduced, 1967)
References
External links
Star Trek: Enterprise (season 2) episodes
2002 American television episodes
Television episodes directed by David Livingston
Television episodes written by Rick Berman
Television episodes written by Brannon Braga
Erlend Ernst Blakstad Sivertsen (born 28 January 1991) is a Norwegian professional footballer who plays for Östersund, as a defender.
Career
They signed for Östersund in January 2022.
Career statistics
References
1991 births
Living people
Norwegian footballers
Kristiansund BK players
Norwegian First Division players
Eliteserien players
Association football defenders
Tromsø IL players
Östersunds FK players
Norwegian expatriate footballers
Norwegian expatriates in Sweden
Expatriate footballers in Sweden
A screen magnifier is software that interfaces with a computer's graphical output to present enlarged screen content. By enlarging part (or all) of a screen, people with visual impairments can better see words and images. This type of assistive technology is useful for people with some functional vision; people with visual impairments and little or no functional vision usually use a screen reader.
Use
The simplest form of magnification presents an enlarged portion of the original screen content, the 'focus', so that it covers some or all of the full screen. This enlarged portion should include the content of interest to the user and the pointer or cursor, also suitably enlarged. As the user moves the pointer or cursor the screen magnifier should track with it and show the new enlarged portion. If this tracking is jerky or flickers it is likely to disturb the user. Also, the pointer or cursor may not be the content of interest: for example, if the user presses a keyboard shortcuts that opens a menu, the magnified portion should jump to that menu. Pop-up windows and changes in system status can also trigger this rapid shifting.
Screen magnifiers can be especially helpful for people with low vision, including elderly users. However, in a 2001 paper, Vicki Hanson noted that people with low vision often also have additional disabilities such as tremors.
Features
Ranges of 1- to 16-times magnification are common. The greater the magnification the smaller the proportion of the original screen content that can be viewed, so users will tend to use the lowest magnification they can manage.
Screen magnifiers commonly provide several other features for people with particular sight difficulties:
Color inversion. Many people with visual impairments prefer to invert the colors, typically turning text from black-on-white to white-on-black. This can reduce screen glare and is useful for elderly people with age-related macular degeneration.
Smoothing. Text can become blocky and harder to recognise when enlarged. Some screen magnifiers use interpolation to smooth the text to compensate.
Cursor customisation. The mouse and text cursors can often be modified in several ways, such as circling it to help the user locate it on the screen.
Different magnification modes. Screen magnifiers can alter how they present the enlarged portion: covering the full screen, providing a lens that is moved around the un-magnified screen, or using a fixed magnified portion.
Crosshairs. Even with magnification, some users can find the mouse pointer hard to see. Crosshairs – especially when their size, color and opacity are customizable – can make the use of a pointing device easier.
Screen reader. Some magnifiers come packaged with a basic screen reader, allowing whatever the user is pointing at to be read out.
Screen magnifiers bundled with an operating system
Haiku includes an application called Magnify
Linux-based operating systems:
Compiz-Fusion window manager has a highly configurable plugin named "Enhanced Zoom Desktop"
GNOME has gnome-mag, which forms part of GNOME Shell
KDE has KMagnifier (KMag)
The Microsoft Windows operating system has included the "Magnifier" application since Windows 98 (released in 1998). It can integrate with a mouse-button toggle.
In OS X, the built-in screen magnification feature can be used at any time by using keyboard shortcuts or by scrolling with a mouse or trackpad. Screen magnification is built into iOS devices as well.
Stand-alone screen magnifier products
Dolphin Lunar - now known as Supernova Magnifier, Magnifier with Speech or Supernova Access Suite
Virtual Magnifying Glass - Cross-platform, open-source magnifier application
ZoomText
MAGic
External links
—a comparison of freely-downloadable magnifiers for Windows.
See also
Fresnel lens
Magnifying glass
References
Assistive technology
Gary Smith (born ) is an American entrepreneur, record producer, and artist's manager, known for their work recording albums by alternative rock musicians since the mid-1980s at Fort Apache Studios. Smith, who is sole owner of the studio, first became a partner co-owning the studio business in the late 1980s, moving it from Cambridge, Massachusetts, to Bellows Falls, Vermont, in 2002.
A Rhode Island native, Smith gave supportive early guidance to Newport, Rhode Island's Throwing Muses group, advising them to move to Boston's burgeoning alternative music scene in 1986. That year they saw a new band called the Pixies opening for Throwing Muses at The Rat in Boston and convinced them to let them produce their first demos, known as The Purple Tape, in spring 1987 at an early incarnation of Fort Apache's studio digs, then a "ramshackle" building in a dangerous neighborhood. Since joining Fort Apache in the mid-1980s, Smith has produced dozens of influential recordings, including the Pixies' Come On Pilgrim EP on the 4AD and Rough Trade Records labels. Other artists they have produced include Throwing Muses, Tanya Donelly, Blake Babies, The Connells, Juliana Hatfield, Scrawl, 10,000 Maniacs, and Billy Bragg.
Smith currently resides in New Hampshire across the border from their Vermont studio. Smith has built Fort Apache into the name of an umbrella company from which they operate several businesses: the Fort Apache Studios business (now also using a second name, Windham Studios), a real estate and concert promotions business called Historea Properties, and an artist's management business representing talent such as Tanya Donelly and Natalie Merchant. Smith maintains a "Screed" blog at the Fort Apache website.
References
Erlewine, Stephen Thomas. [ Pixies Biography]. Allmusic. Retrieved Apr. 20, 2005.
Fort Apache Selected Discography. Fort Apache Studios website. Retrieved Apr. 18, 2005.
Harvard, Joe (1998). Articles on Fort Apache. Boston Rock Storybook webpages. Retrieved Apr. 18, 2005.
Harvard, Joe (November 2002). Part 4, Fort Apache North: Music Business Blues. Boston Rock Storybook webpages. Retrieved Apr. 18, 2005.
Harvard, Joe (December 10, 2002). Joe Harvard: Bits and Pieces. Boston Rock Storybook webpages. Retrieved Apr. 18, 2005.
""An Interview With Tanya Donelly". (January 26, 2005). Boston Beats. Retrieved Apr. 13, 2005.
Smith, Gary (1997). Pixies Biography. Hip Online. Retrieved Apr. 20, 2005.
External links
Fort Apache official site
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
People from Bellows Falls, Vermont
Record producers from Vermont
Record producers from Rhode Island
People from Rhode Island
The 1921 San Diego mayoral election was held on April 5, 1921, to elect the mayor for San Diego. In the primary election, former mayor James E. Wadham and former City Councilmember John L. Bacon received the most votes and advanced to the runoff. Bacon was then elected mayor with a majority of the votes.
Candidates
John L. Bacon, former member of the San Diego City Council and Assistant City Manager
James E. Wadham, former Mayor of San Diego
Frank H. Heskett, attorney
Lewis R. Kirby
Charles A. Allen
Ludwig S. Gerlough
William I. Kinsley
Alfred L. Lee
Campaign
Incumbent Mayor Louis J. Wilde declined to stand for reelection, calling the position of mayor a thankless job. The main three candidates to succeed Wilde were former mayor James E. Wadham, former City Councilmember John L. Bacon, and attorney Frank H. Heskett.
On March 22, 1921, Wadham received the highest number of votes in the primary election, followed by Bacon, allowing both men to advance to the runoff. Heskett, who came in third and was therefore eliminated, actively supported Wadham for the runoff. On April 5, 1921, Bacon narrowly defeated Wadham by 82 votes out of 16,522. Wadham appealed to the superior court for a recount, but this did not change the outcome. Bacon therefore assumed the office of the mayor.
Primary Election results
General Election results
References
1921
1921 California elections
1921 United States mayoral elections
1921
April 1921 events
Herbert W. Basser (born 1942) is a Canadian scholar of religion and a Jewish theologian known for their work Studies in Exegesis: Christian Critiques of Jewish Law (Boston, 2000).
Biography
In 1963, they graduated from Yeshiva University with a Bachelor of Arts in French literature. After several years as a mathematics teacher, they continued their studies at the University of Toronto in Toronto, Ontario, Canada earning a Master of Arts in 1979 and a Ph.D. in 1983.
Basser has held the Harvard Starr Fellowship at Harvard University, taught at Hebrew University of Jerusalem, the University of Toronto, and the University of California, Berkeley. They have been teaching religious studies at Queen's University in Canada since 1980.
Thought
Basser is perhaps best known for their view that scholars of early Christianity have not given sufficient study to rabbinic writings of the time, therefore resulting in a limited understanding how Christianity developed from the Jewish religious tradition.
Bibliography
Annotations to James in The Jewish Annotated New Testament, Oxford University Press 2011, 2017
The Gospel of Matthew and Judaic Traditions: A relevance based commentary, Leiden and Boston, Brill, 2015 (with Marsha B. Cohen).
The Mind behind the Gospels: A Commentary to Mathew 1 – 14, Brighton: Academic Studies Press, 2009.
Studies in Exegesis: Christian Critiques of Jewish Law and Rabbinic Responses 70-300 C.E. Leiden, Boston: E. J. Brill, 2000. Reprint paper 2002.
Pseudo-Rabad; Commentary to Sifre Numbers, Atlanta: Scholars Press, 1998.
Pseudo-Rabad: Commentary to Sifre Deuteronomy, Atlanta: Scholars Press, 1994.
Approaches to Ancient Judaism V (Introduced and edited by H. Basser), Atlanta: Scholars Press, 1993.
The Mystical Study of Ruth: Midrash HaNe'elam of the Zohar to the Book of Ruth, Atlanta: Scholars Press, 1993. (Lawrence Englander with Herbert Basser).
Moses Kimhi: Commentary on the Book of Job, Atlanta: Scholars Press, 1992. (Herbert Basser and Barry Walfish).
In the Margins of the Midrash, Atlanta: Scholars Press, 1990.
Midrashic Interpretations of the Song of Moses, Berne and New York: Peter Lang, 1984.
References
External links
https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100009273587427
1942 births
Living people
Yeshiva University alumni
Harvard Fellows
Queen's University at Kingston faculty
Frignani is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Amleto Frignani (1932–1997), Italian footballer
Daniele Frignani (born 1977), Italian baseball player
Giovanni Frignani (1897–1944), Italian soldier and Resistance member
Italian-language surnames
The year 1793 in architecture involved some significant architectural events and new buildings.
Events
March 8 – The Bishop of Popayán, making a pastoral visit to Rionegro, Antioquia, Colombia, finds "evil spirits" in the church, and arranges the construction of a new cathedral, the Concatedral de San Nicolás el Magno.
August 8 – In Paris, France, the Académie royale d'architecture is suspended by the revolutionary National Convention, which decrees the abolition of the national academies.
November 25 – The Prince Regent lays the foundation stone of the Chapel Royal, Brighton.
date unknown
English architect Thomas Baldwin, having been appointed as the Bath City Architect in 1775, is dismissed as a result of their rivalry with John Palmer of Bath.
The Frydenlund mansion near Copenhagen, Denmark, designed by Caspar Frederik Harsdorff, is destroyed by fire. The Crown sells the estate to Karl Adolf Boheman, who refurbishes and expands Johan Cornelius Krieger's original house with the assistance of Jørgen Henrich Rawert.
Buildings and structures
Buildings
Church of Pentecost, Vinkovci, Croatia.
Lansdown Crescent, Bath, England, designed by John Palmer.
George Washington's sixteen-sided barn (16 sides), the earliest recorded barn of this type.
The West Boston Bridge, connecting Boston's West End to Cambridgeport: it spans 180 piers, and is 3,483 feet (1,100 m) long.
Puente Nuevo, Ronda, Spain, spanning the Tajo gorge between the old and new sections of the town, designed by Martín de Aldehuela and begun in 1751.
Fort Pincastle, Nassau, Bahamas, built of native limestone, in the shape of an old paddle-wheel steamer: Fort Pincastle serves as a lighthouse for a quarter century until the lighthouse on Hog Island starts operating in 1817.
Births
March 23 – Vicko Andrić, Croatian architect (died 1866)
December 16 – Frederik Ferdinand Friis, Danish architect, professor and Royal Building Inspector (died 1865)
date unknown
Thomas Parke, architect, builder, journalist and political figure in Upper Canada (died 1864)
Richard Shackleton Pope, Bristol-based architect (died 1884)
Deaths
July 5 – Peter Anton von Verschaffelt, Flemish sculptor and architect (born 1710)
October 26 – Karl Blank, Russian Baroque and Neoclassical architect (born 1728)
References
Architecture
Years in architecture
18th-century architecture
Gatesclarkeana idia is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Japan, Taiwan, China, Indonesia, Thailand and Vietnam.
The wingspan is 13–15 mm for males and 12.5–16 mm for females. The forewings are pale ochreous tawny with a strong pink tinge, which is deeper along the costa. The hindwings are fuscous grey with a coppery gloss in some areas.
The larvae feed on Triadica sebifera and Melastoma malabathricum
References
Moths described in 1973
Gatesclarkeanini
Moths of Japan
Kellogg Glacier () is a glacier about long at the base of Condor Peninsula on the east side of Palmer Land, Antarctica. The glacier flows southeast along the north side of Boyer Spur and merges with the north side of Gruening Glacier just inland from the northwest head of Hilton Inlet. It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) in 1974, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for geologist Karl S. Kellogg, a member of the USGS Lassiter Coast party in 1972–73.
References
Glaciers of Palmer Land
A Cuban Sunset is cocktail made from rum and a mixture of lemonade, lime soda, guava nectar, and grenadine syrup.
The drink is made from rum and a mixture of lime soda, lemonade, guava nectar, and grenadine syrup. It originated in either Havana or Varadero as a variety of a traditional Cuban guava-based drink. In Cuba, the drink is commonly served (along with either a Cubata or Mojito) as a pre-dinner coctel. The Cuban variety of the cocktail commonly uses extra guava nectar in place of grenadine syrup, and the drink normally contains Havana Club rum. Outside of Cuba, many recipes call for the use of Bacardi White Rum.
See also
List of cocktails
References
Cocktails with rum
Cocktails with lemonade
Cocktails with fruit juice
Cocktails with grenadine
Tiki drinks
Bubbly cocktails
Sweet cocktails
Cuban cocktails
Man of the Moment may refer to:
Man of the Moment (1935 film), starring Douglas Fairbanks, Jr. and Laura La Plante
Man of the Moment (1955 film), featuring Norman Wisdom
Man of the Moment (play), a 1990 play by Alan Ayckbourn
Man of the Moment, a horse which won the 1970 Breeders' Futurity Stakes
Henri-Guillaume Hamal (also Hamalle or Amael; 1685, Liège, nowadays in Belgium3 December 1752 (aged 67), Liège) was a Walloon (i.e. a French-speaking native of the Low Countries) musician, musical director and composer.
 They are the first of the Hamal family of musicians, who were pre-eminent in 18th Century Liège, of whom we have knowledge. They spent their whole life in the Prince-Bishopric of Liège, an ecclesiastical principality of the Holy Roman Empire. The Prince-Bishop was a man of consequence: they were a member of the Imperial Diet. The principality was a strategically-important frontier state. When Hamal was born, it was part of the Spanish Netherlands. Between 1688 and 1704, it was much fought over between the French and the Dutch-British allies (themselves allies of the Empire, as part of the Grand Alliance). In 1714, at the end of the War of the Spanish Succession, it became part of the Austrian Netherlands; but the Dutch troops left only in 1718.
Hamal received their early musical education from (1613-1696), maître de chapelle at Saint Lambert's Cathedral, Liège. They were known as an excellent singer, graceful, tasteful, and expressive. In 1708 or 1709, they married Catherine Corbusier. They had six children, five boys and a girl. Their eldest child, Jean-Noël (1709-1778), and their grandson (1744-1820), son of their youngest child, Dieudonné-Lambert, were also musicians in Liège. At around the same time, they were appointed maître de musique (a similar position to maître de chapelle, but of lower status) at the parish church of (French: Église de Notre-Dame; English: Church of Our Lady) in Sint-Truiden (French: Saint-Trond), an important town in the principality. They later returned to Liège to take up a position as sous-maîtrise de chapelle in the cathedral organisation, eventually rising to maître de musique.
All sources say that they had a reputation for honesty and probity. They were received by good society in Liège. They composed principally motets, for both accompanied and unaccompanied voices, but also masses, cantatas (in French, Italian and Walloon dialect), a "Tantum ergo", a "Laudate pueri", and a "Te Deum". They had a talent for improvising comic songs in several languages while accompanying themselves on the cello. None of their compositions was printed. Some of their manuscripts are recorded as having still been in existence in 1867 and 1901, but all now seem to have been lost. 's impression was that Hamal was agreeable company but a mediocre musician. thought that Hamal's grandson Henri tended to overstate their grandfather's importance.
Notes
References
Further reading
By .
By and Miep Zijlstra.
1685 births
1752 deaths
Prince-Bishopric of Liège musicians
18th-century classical composers
The 1971 Harrow Council election took place on 13 May 1971 to elect members of Harrow London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election; no party gained overall control.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1971
1971 London Borough council elections
Ireland was represented by 33 athletes at the 2010 European Athletics Championships held in Barcelona, Spain.
Participants
Results
References
Nations at the 2010 European Athletics Championships
2010
European Athletics Championships
The Eeklo Yeti Bears were an ice hockey team in Eeklo, Belgium. They played in the Belgian Hockey League, the top level of ice hockey in Belgium. The team ceased to exist in 2013 when their home rink closed and no other rink was found to take over the team. The players joined other ice hockey teams or transferred to inline hockey.
Belgian Hockey League Results
External links
Official website
References
Ice hockey teams in Belgium
Sport in East Flanders
Eeklo
The 1969–70 Hong Kong First Division League season was the 59th since its establishment.
League table
References
1969–70 Hong Kong First Division table (RSSSF)
Hong Kong First Division League seasons
Hong
football
Karl Kurt Friedrich Ude (14 January 1906 – 1 April 1997) was a German journalist and writer.
Life
Born in Düsseldorf, Ude came from a family of white-collar workers. They originally studied , but also philosophy, German studies, theatre studies, history of art and historical musicology at the Rheinische Friedrich-Wilhelms-Universität Bonn, the Philipps-Universität Marburg and Paris. Attracted by Schwabing cultural life and Munich as the "capital of the movement", they settled in Munich in 1926, where they heard among others lectures with Artur Kutscher, who later also became one of their friends. Ude worked as literature and theatre critic for various Munich newspapers. From 1946, they were a member of the editorial board of the Süddeutsche Zeitung, and from 1949 to 1973 they were an influential figure in Munich literary life as editor-in-chief of the literary magazine Welt und Wort. Ude and their wife Renée Madeleine, née Guggisberg are the parents of the former Mayor of Munich Christian Ude.
In addition to their journalistic work, Ude has published narrative works and edited anthologies on the subject of Munich. Among others, they received the following awards: the medal in 1966 and 1986, the Toucan Prize in 1967, the Ernst-Hoferichter-Preis, the Federal Cross of Merit on Ribbon in 1976, and the Schwabing Art Prize in 1977.
The Bavaria accused Ude - but without elaborating - of having an approving attitude towards the Nazi book burnings in 1933.
The Munich author Johann Türk has collected approximately 5,000 articles by Ude published before May 1945 from 20 newspapers for which Ude wrote as a Munich correspondent from 1933 to 1945. According to Türk, in 80 per cent of these articles, Ude engaged in "partly nasty Nazi propaganda".
Work
Das Ringen um die Franziscus-Legende, Munich 1932
Hier Quack!, Freiburg 1933
Schelme und Hagestolze, Mühlacker 1940
Vergnüglicher Stellungswechsel. Heitere Bilder von allen Waffengattungen des Heeres. Hugendubel, Munich 1942 (together with Klaus Kuhn). Was placed on the after the end of the war in the Soviet Occupation Zone (SOZ).
Die Pferde auf Elsenhöhe. Arbeitsgemeinschaft für Zeitgeschichte, München 1943. Was put on the list of literature to be discarded in the SOZ after the end of the war.
Die Rettung, Munich 1943
Das Rollschuhlaufbüchlein, Bad Wörishofen 1948
Vierzehn Tännlein zuviel, Tübingen 1948
Abenteuer im Dezember, Gütersloh 1955
Damals, als wir Rollschuh liefen, Munich 1956
Frank Wedekind, Mühlacker 1966
Fernsprechtechnik als Lebensaufgabe, Munich 1981
Schwabing von innen, Munich 2002
Editorship
Josef Pembaur, Munich 1940 (published with Otto A. Graef)
Hier schreibt München, Munich 1961
Besondere Kennzeichen, Munich 1964
Artur Kutscher: Wedekind, Munich 1964
Denk ich an München, Munich 1966 (published with )
: Das Ernst-Hoferichter-Buch, Rosenheim 1977
References
External links
Karl Ude on literaturportal-bayern.
Karl Ude
20th-century German journalists
20th-century German writers
Recipients of the Cross of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
Nazi propagandists
1906 births
1997 deaths
People from Düsseldorf
In computing, a firewall is a network security system that monitors and controls incoming and outgoing network traffic based on predetermined security rules. A firewall typically establishes a barrier between a trusted network and an untrusted network, such as the Internet.
History
The term firewall originally referred to a wall intended to confine a fire within a line of adjacent buildings. Later uses refer to similar structures, such as the metal sheet separating the engine compartment of a vehicle or aircraft from the passenger compartment. The term was applied in the late 1980s to network technology that emerged when the Internet was fairly new in terms of its global use and connectivity. The predecessors to firewalls for network security were routers used in the late 1980s. Because they already segregated networks, routers could apply filtering to packets crossing them.
Before it was used in real-life computing, the term appeared in the 1983 computer-hacking movie WarGames, and possibly inspired its later use.
Types
Firewalls are categorized as a network-based or a host-based system. Network-based firewalls are positioned between two or more networks, typically between the LAN and WAN. They are either a software appliance running on general-purpose hardware, a hardware appliance running on special-purpose hardware, or a virtual appliance running on a virtual host controlled by a hypervisor. Firewall appliances may also offer non firewall functionality, such as DHCP or VPN services. Host-based firewalls are deployed directly on the host itself to control network traffic or other computing resources. This can be a daemon or service as a part of the operating system or an agent application for protection.
Packet filter
The first reported type of network firewall is called a packet filter, which inspect packets transferred between computers. The firewall maintains an access control list which dictates what packets will be looked at and what action should be applied, if any, with the default action set to silent discard. Three basic actions regarding the packet consist of a silent discard, discard with Internet Control Message Protocol or TCP reset response to the sender, and forward to the next hop. Packets may be filtered by source and destination IP addresses, protocol, source and destination ports. The bulk of Internet communication in 20th and early 21st century used either Transmission Control Protocol (TCP) or User Datagram Protocol (UDP) in conjunction with well-known ports, enabling firewalls of that era to distinguish between specific types of traffic such as web browsing, remote printing, email transmission, and file transfers.
The first paper published on firewall technology was in 1987 when engineers from Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC) developed filter systems known as packet filter firewalls. At AT&T Bell Labs, Bill Cheswick and Steve Bellovin continued their research in packet filtering and developed a working model for their own company based on their original first-generation architecture. In 1992, Steven McCanne and
Van Jacobson released paper on BSD Packet Filter (BPF) while at Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory.
Connection tracking
From 1989–1990, three colleagues from AT&T Bell Laboratories, Dave Presotto, Janardan Sharma, and Kshitij Nigam, developed the second generation of firewalls, calling them circuit-level gateways.
Second-generation firewalls perform the work of their first-generation predecessors but also maintain knowledge of specific conversations between endpoints by remembering which port numbers the two IP addresses are using at layer 4 (transport layer) of the OSI model for their conversation, allowing examination of the overall exchange between the nodes.
Application layer
Marcus Ranum, Wei Xu, and Peter Churchyard released an application firewall known as Firewall Toolkit (FWTK) in October 1993. This became the basis for Gauntlet firewall at Trusted Information Systems.
The key benefit of application layer filtering is that it can understand certain applications and protocols such as File Transfer Protocol (FTP), Domain Name System (DNS), or Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP). This allows it to identify unwanted applications or services using a non standard port, or detect if an allowed protocol is being abused. It can also provide unified security management including enforced encrypted DNS and virtual private networking.
As of 2012, the next-generation firewall provides a wider range of inspection at the application layer, extending deep packet inspection functionality to include, but is not limited to:
Web filtering
Intrusion prevention systems
User identity management
Web application firewall
Endpoint specific
Endpoint-based application firewalls function by determining whether a process should accept any given connection. Application firewalls filter connections by examining the process ID of data packets against a rule set for the local process involved in the data transmission. Application firewalls accomplish their function by hooking into socket calls to filter the connections between the application layer and the lower layers. Application firewalls that hook into socket calls are also referred to as socket filters.
Configuration
Setting up a firewall is a complex and error-prone task. A network may face security issues due to configuration errors.
See also
Air gap (networking)
Distributed firewall
DMZ (computing)
Firewall pinhole
Firewalls and Internet Security
Golden Shield Project
Intrusion detection system
Windows Firewall
References
External links
Evolution of the Firewall Industry – discusses different architectures, how packets are processed and provides a timeline of the evolution.
A History and Survey of Network Firewalls – provides an overview of firewalls at various ISO levels, with references to original papers where early firewall work was reported.
Network management
Firewall software
Packets (information technology)
Data security
Cyberwarfare
American inventions
Rajkumar Yadav, also known as Raju Yadav is an Indian politician and a member of the 16th and 17th Legislative Assembly of Uttar Pradesh in India. They represent the Mainpuri constituency of Uttar Pradesh and is a member of the Samajwadi Party political party.
Early life and education
Rajkumar Yadav was born in Firozabad district. They attended Narayan College of Agra University.
Political career
Rajkumar Yadav has been a MLA for two terms. They represented the Mainpuri constituency and is a member of the Samajwadi Party political party.
Posts held
See also
Mainpuri (Assembly constituency)
Sixteenth Legislative Assembly of Uttar Pradesh
Uttar Pradesh Legislative Assembly
References
Samajwadi Party politicians
Uttar Pradesh MLAs 2012–2017
People from Mainpuri district
Dr. Bhimrao Ambedkar University alumni
1969 births
Living people
is a Japanese retired professional wrestler, better known by their ring name .  They are best known for their time with Big Japan Pro Wrestling (BJW), where they spent the majority of their career between 1995 and 2012 as a deathmatch wrestler. They were one of the top wrestlers and an over main eventer of the company, winning the Deathmatch Heavyweight Championship two times and the Tag Team Championship seven times.
Professional wrestling career
Early career
Yamakawa was trained by Kazuo Sakurada and made their professional wrestling debut for Network of Wrestling (NOW) on October 25, 1994 in a loss to Poison Julie Sawada. They would lose to Ryo Miyake on October 26 and then suffered a second loss to Sawada on the promotion's last event on October 27. They then joined the newly founded Tokyo Pro Wrestling (TPW) at the company's debut show on December 7 by teaming with Ryo Miyake against Yoshihiro Tajiri and Fukaya in a tag team match, which the latter team won.
Big Japan Pro Wrestling
Early years (1995–1996)
Yamakawa debuted for the new deathmatch wrestling promotion Big Japan Pro Wrestling (BJW) at the company's first show Start Up on March 16, 1995 by teaming with Daisuke Taue against Kin Soppo and Nam Ti Ryon in a losing effort. Yamakawa picked the first win of their career by defeating Yuichi Taniguchi on June 2. Yamakawa became a mainstay of BJW by excelling the deathmatch wrestling style and competing in various deathmatches during the course of their career.
Championship reigns (1997–2001)
On July 23, 1997, Yamakawa and Yoshihiro Tajiri defeated Kishin Kawabata and Takashi Ishikawa to win the vacant Tag Team Championship. During this time, Yamakawa changed their ring name to Ryuji Yamakawa. They lost the title to Jado and Gedo at a Kodo Fuyuki-promoted Fuyuki Army event on December 22. Tamakawa and Tajiri defeated Jado and Gedo in a rematch to regain the title on January 2, 1998. They lost the title to Shadow Winger and Shadow WX on March 4. Yamakawa regained the title from Shadow Winger and Shadow WX with Shoji Nakamaki on August 9. Nakamaki left BJW on November 29, causing the title to be vacated. Yamakawa reached the pinnacle of their career by defeating Shadow WX in a no rope barbed wire death pallet coffin and fire deathmatch to win their first Deathmatch Heavyweight Championship, the top title in the promotion on May 30, 1999. Yamakawa became a double champion by teaming with Mike Samples to defeat Shadow WX and Tomoaki Honma for the Tag Team Championship on July 31. Yamakawa lost the Deathmatch Heavyweight Championship back to Shadow WX in a.no rope barbed wire fire deathmatch on August 10. On September 7, Yamakawa and Mike Samples lost the Tag Team Championship to the team of kamikazes and Shunme Matsuzaki.
Yamakawa formed a tag team with Tomoaki Honma to participate in the 1999 Maximum Tag League, which they won by winning all of their matches in the tournament. On December 4, Yamakawa defeated Shadow WX in a four corners lighttubes board deathmatch to win their second Deathmatch Heavyweight Championship. Yamakawa lost the title to their tag team partner Honma in a 5-inch spike nail and barbed wire double board deathmatch in the quarter-final round of the 2000 BJ Grand Prix on January 2, 2000. On January 7, Yamakawa and Honma defeated KAMIKAZE and Shunme Matsuzaki to win the Tag Team Championship. Yamakawa would often represent BJW in wars with rival hardcore promotions Combat Zone Wrestling (CZW) and Frontier Martial-Arts Wrestling (FMW).
Yamakawa began feuding with FMW's Team No Respect group and the rivalry took place in both BJW and FMW. On February 22, Yamakawa defeated TNR member Kintaro Kanemura to win the WEW Hardcore Championship. Yamakawa debuted for FMW on April 11 as he, Tomoaki Honma and Winger unsuccessfully challenged TNR members Jado, Gedo and Koji Nakagawa for the WEW 6-Man Tag Team Championship. Yamakawa successfully defended the Hardcore Championship against Kanemura on April 24, before losing the title to Kanemura at the FMW 11th Anniversary Show. Yamakawa and Tomoaki Honma lost the BJW Tag Team Championship to CZW's John Zandig and Nick Gage on June 2. On July 2, Yamakawa teamed with former rival Shadow WX to defeat CZW's Justice Pain and The Wifebeater. They lost the title to Abdullah Kobayashi and KAMIKAZE on September 15.
Yamakawa reunited with Tomoaki Honma to win the 2000 Maximum Tag League for the second consecutive year. On February 23, 2001, Yamakawa teamed with Kintaro Kanemura at a FMW show and defeated GOEMON and Onryo to win the WEW Hardcore Tag Team Championship. They successfully defended the title against Azusa Kudo and Mammoth Sasaki on March 5. On March 18, Yamakawa participated in a tournament for the vacant BJW Deathmatch Heavyweight Championship, competing against Wifebeater in the quarter-final round. During the match, Yamakawa fractured their skull after Wifebeater delivered a Chokenstein and the injury put Yamakawa out of action for several months. They returned to action on December 2, where they teamed with Kintaro Kanemura to defend the Hardcore Tag Team Championship against the BJW Tag Team Champions Daisuke Sekimoto and Men's Teioh in a title vs. title match at a BJW show, with the BJW Tag Team Championship also being defended in the match. Sekimoto and Teioh won the match and both titles. Kanemura and Yamakawa unsuccessfully challenged Sekimoto and Teioh for the Hardcore Tag Team Championship in a rematch on January 2, 2002.
Mr. Big Japan (2002–2004)
Yamakawa reverted to competing under their real name Seiji Yamakawa and won the World Extreme Cup tournament later that year by defeating Kintaro Kanemura in the final at Harder Than Hardcore II. Yamakawa adopted the ring name Mr. Big Japan on July 21, 2003. On December 23, Mr. Big Japan and Men's Teioh defeated Badboy Hido and Ryuji Ito to win the Tag Team Championship, marking Yamakawa's record-setting seventh Tag Team Championship reign, a record for most reigns with the tag team title which would be broken by Daisuke Sekimoto, who won the title for an eighth time in 2017. They enjoyed a lengthy reign, losing the title to Abdullah Kobayashi and Jaki Numazawa on August 15, 2004. They took a hiatus from wrestling in September to recover from their injuries.
Part-time competition and retirement (2006–2012)
After two years away from the ring, Yamakawa returned to BJW at Katsura Special 4 on September 23, 2006 by teaming with Kintaro Kanemura against Shadow WX and Tetsuhiro Kuroda in their recovery match, which Yamakawa and Kanemura lost. They wrestled one more match on October 29, which they lost and then went on a hiatus again. Their multiple injuries forced them to give up full-time wrestling and they became a part-timer in 2008. On August 19, 2009, Yamakawa teamed with Shadow WX, Jaki Numazawa and Abdullah Kobayashi as "Deathmatch Champions" and participated in an Eight-Man Tag Team Tournament, making to the final round, where they lost to Strong BJ (Daisuke Sekimoto, Yoshihito Sasaki, Shinya Ishikawa and Yuji Okabayashi). During the tournament, Yamakawa participated in their first deathmatch since 2002, as Deathmatch Champions defeated Deathmatch Young Bloods (Masashi Takeda, Isami Kodaka, Kankuro Hoshino and Mototsugu Shimizu) in a Tokyo Tower vs. Sapporo Television Tower Double Fluorescent Lighttubes match. On November 22, 2011, Yamakawa announced that they would retire on July 15, 2012 and worked their retirement tour throughout the late 2011 and the first half of 2012. They wrestled the first BJW match of 2012 by teaming with Yuichi Taniguchi to defeat Atsushi Ohashi and Masato Inaba. On July 25, Yamakawa competed in their retirement match at Ryuji Yamakawa Retirement The Final, in which they teamed with Abdullah Kobayashi and Ryuji Ito to defeat Jaki Numazawa, Shadow WX and Kankuro Hoshino in a Fluorescent Lighttubes and Nail Board Death Match when Yamakawa pinned Hoshino after a Reverse Tiger Driver.
Championships and accomplishments
Big Japan Pro Wrestling
BJW Deathmatch Heavyweight Championship (2 times)
BJW Tag Team Championship (7 times) – with Yoshihiro Tajiri (2), Shoji Nakamaki (1), Mike Samples (1), Tomoaki Honma (1), Shadow WX (1) and Men's Teioh (1)
WEW Hardcore Championship (1 time)
WEW Hardcore Tag Team Championship (1 time) – with Kintaro Kanemura
Maximum Tag League (1999, 2000) – with Tomoaki Honma
World Extreme Cup (2002)
References
External links
Ryuji Yamakawa's Big Japan Pro Wrestling profile
1970 births
Japanese male professional wrestlers
Living people
20th-century professional wrestlers
21st-century professional wrestlers
WEW Hardcore Tag Team Champions
BJW Deathmatch Heavyweight Champions
BJW Tag Team Champions
{{infobox chef
| name = Elizabeth Chong (AM)
| birth_date =
| birth_place = Guangzhou, China
| citizenship = Australia
| occupation =
| restaurants = Wing Lees (Melbourne)
| style = Traditional chinese
| television =
Elizabeth Chong ( born 27 May 1931) is a Chinese-born Australian celebrity chef, former cooking teacher, author and media and television host and personality.
 They are known as a pioneer of the industry, the first celebrity chef and promotor of introducing Traditional Chinese cuisine to Australian.
Biography and career
Chong was born in Guangzhou (formerly known as Canton), China, their family's history in Australia dates back to the 1850s when their grandfather emigrated to the country. Chong was born the daughter of a Chinese mother and Australian citizen of Chinese descent father William Yen Wing Young, they have brother Tony and a sister born in Hong Kong, their mother was told to leave the country under the White Australia Policy, due to this policy they did not know about the Lunar New Year. celebrations until in their 20s is believed to have created and marketed the most widely used modern recipe of the dim sim, in 1945, a dumpling similar to a Siu Mai at their Melbourne Food Processing operation "Wing Lee". Chong also states their father created the first bean sprout factory in Australia. Chong came to Australia when they were three years old with their mother, father, grandmother and three other children and settled in a residence near the Queen Victoria Markets. They were educated at Presbyterian Ladies' College, Melbourne.
Chong never aspired to follow the family tradition in the restaurateur business, but rather become a concert pianist or journalist. After a year of being a primary school teacher, they decided they wanted to teach the art of cooking.In 1994, their book The Heritage of Chinese Cooking won the Prix de La Mazille as International Cookbook of the Year.
Chong is best known for their television appearances on Good Morning Australia as well as their Chinese Cooking School (1960- 2016) and Chinese cookbooks including The First Happiness (first published in 1982)
Elizabeth's cooking school started in the late 1950s when they began teaching some of the mothers from their children's state school in the Melbourne suburb of North Balwyn. Them first home recipes were published by Belle Vue State School Mothers' Club. The Cooking School celebrated its 50-year anniversary in 2011. Apart from this as an ambassador for Chinese culture in association with their cooking, they give guided tours of the Chinatown precinct in Melbourne
In 2003 their series Elizabeth Chong's Tiny Delights aired on television and a companion book of the same name was released.
In 2017, Chong appeared on Studio 10, which reunited the cast of Good Morning Australia, including host Bert Newton, their wife Patti Newton, and regular members of the series including music director John Foreman, Robert "Belvedere" Mascara, Susie Elelman, Rhonda Burchmore, Tonia Todman, Ken James, Phillip Brady and Moira McLean
References
External links
Official Website
1931 births
Living people
Australian television presenters
Australian television chefs
Chinese emigrants to Australia
Women chefs
Australian women television presenters
Members of the Order of Australia
Khufu Corrie () is a cirque roughly across formed between Drune Hill to the north and Khufu Peak to the south on the east coast of Alexander Island, Antarctica. It was referred to as the "Fossil Bluff Glacier" in scientific reports in the early 1960s, Fossil Bluff being nearby, and is sometimes referred to today as "Moraine Corrie" and "Moraine Corrie Valley". The name is derived from Khufu Peak.
References
Cirques of Antarctica
Landforms of Alexander Island
Lonely Are the Brave is the debut studio album by English/Irish vocalist/rapper Maverick Sabre. The album was first released on 27 January 2012 in Ireland, which was succeeded by a release in the United Kingdom on 6 February 2012. Three singles preceded its release, "Let Me Go" (July 2011), "I Need" (November 2011) and "No One" (February 2012). Lonely Are the Brave debuted at number-two on the UK Albums Chart with first-week sales of 44,292 copies, also peaking at number two on the Scottish Albums Chart and number three on the Irish Albums Chart.
It has sold 251,020 copies as of November 2015.
Background
Speaking in December 2011, Sabre explained their reasons for titling the album 'Lonely Are The Brave': "'Lonely Are The Brave' was actually the title of an old movie that I first heard about when I was really young - around 12 or 13 - and I actually thought the feeling captured in that one phrase was amazing, because I feel everybody at some point in their lives needs to be brave to get through loneliness. And, because I thought it also summed up a lotta the emotion behind this album - particularly in terms of where I was at when I was writing a lotta the songs - I just felt as a title it fitted the project really well."
Critical reception
Digital Spy gave the album 4 stars out of 5 stars - "But while their voice may sound part-Amy Winehouse, part-Daniel Merriweather, few could accuse them of leaning on others [...] their first collection of self-penned tracks is both brutally opinionated and unnervingly honest."
Singles
"Let Me Go" was first released in the United Kingdom on 22 July 2011 as the lead single from Lonely Are the Brave. It debuted at number sixteen on the UK chart, marking Sabre's second top forty single after "Jungle"; which peaked at number thirty-one. The song also peaked at number thirty-eight on the Irish chart and number twenty-seven on the Scottish chart. The track was succeeded by "I Need", first released as the second single from Lonely Are the Brave on November 4, 2011. "I Need" debuted at number eighteen on the UK chart, Sabre's second consecutive release to achieve this feat, also peaking at number thirty-two on the Irish chart and number twenty-four on the Scottish chart - higher than the peak of the previous release. A third single, "No One", was released in the UK on 5 February 2012 to coincide with the album release. The single failed to chart in Ireland and Scotland, despite debuting at number fifty on the UK chart. A fourth single, "I Used To Have It All", was released in the UK on 30 April 2012. The fifth single "These Days" was released on 2 July 2012.
Track listing
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Release history
References
2012 debut albums
Maverick Sabre albums
Mercury Records albums
Cestrotus elegans is a species of brachyceran flies in the family Lauxaniidae. It is found in Ethiopia and Morocco.
References
External links
Cestrotus elegans at Systema Dipterorum
Lauxaniidae
Insects described in 1920
Insects of Ethiopia
Peter Hewitt (born 9 October 1962) is an English film director and writer.
Career
Upon graduating from England's National Film and Television School in 1990, Hewitt flew to the United States with their BAFTA award-winning short film, The Candy Show, in hand. Once there, they called executives from major Hollywood studios and asked if they could show them their film. Soon after, they landed an agent and made their feature film directorial debut with Bill & Ted's Bogus Journey. Although not as big a success as the original, Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure, the movie made a profit.
They turned to TV next, directing the first two hours of the miniseries Wild Palms. They directed Disney's Tom and Huck in 1995 which was based on Mark Twain's The Adventures of Tom Sawyer. Hewitt returned to the U.K. to film The Borrowers, loosely based on a children's novel by Mary Norton of the same name. They remained in England to helm Whatever Happened to Harold Smith? (1999), then tried their hand at TV work again with The Princess of Thieves (2001), filmed in Romania but featuring a mostly British cast, including a young Keira Knightley as Robin Hood's daughter, Gwyn.
Hewitt co-wrote the script for their next film, Thunderpants. It was filmed in the U.K.
Hewitt later went on to direct a few other movies, most notably the 2004 film adaptation of the comic strip Garfield and the 2006 Tim Allen superhero comedy film Zoom (the latter of which was a massive box office flop, only being able to recoup $12.5 million of its $75.6 million budget). More recently, they directed Home Alone 5: The Holiday Heist, which was produced for television, first aired on ABC Family (now Freeform) in 2012, and never received a theatrical release, but it was released on DVD in 2013.
Filmography
Film
Television
Trivia
According to the DVD commentary for Garfield: The Movie, Peter Hewitt had expressed interest in directing a Garfield sequel. Hewitt later became attached to direct the 2006 movie Zoom, and so they became unavailable to direct the Garfield sequel, which was instead directed by Tim Hill. This is ironic, because Peter Hewitt is British and Tim Hill is American, and the Garfield sequel took place in Hewitt's native country of England.
Their paternal cousin Simon Hewitt was a longtime animatronic designer for Jim Henson's Creature Shop until it permanently closed in 2005.
External links
Peter Hewitt at Rotten Tomatoes
Living people
1962 births
English film directors
Alumni of the National Film and Television School
People from Brighton
Comedy film directors
The Common Ground Country Fair, also known as the Common Ground Fair, is an agricultural fair in Unity, Maine held the third weekend after Labor Day and sponsored by the Maine Organic Farmers and Gardeners Association (MOFGA). It was first held in 1977. The fair "celebrates organic living, farming and growing," and all the food sold at the event must be organic. The fair regularly hosts 50,000 to 60,000 people.
History
The fair began in 1977 in Litchfield, Maine. In 1981, it moved to Windsor, Maine and in 1996, MOFGA purchased 200 acres in Unity, Maine, where the fair now takes place yearly.
The first fair was held at the Litchfield Fairgrounds as a fundraiser for MOFGA. It raised $22,000. In 2016, a Portland Press Herald article about the fair's history said: A very small item about the first Common Ground Country Fair ran in the Portland Press Herald on Sept. 2, 1977 under the headline “Fair to Have Extra Features.” The “few touches” that would make the fair “a cut above the traditional” were “a roster of speakers that includes Helen and Scott Nearing, renowned homesteaders and authors.” The story is 102 words long, which suggests that editors at the Press Herald had limited expectations for the future of the Common Ground Country Fair.In the Nov.-Dec. 1977 Maine Organic Farmer & Gardner magazine, Lloyd Ferris wrote:The Common Ground Country Fair was really too big to define in words. One is left with a lot of pleasant memory pictures; a lot of good thoughts. I will never forget, for instance, that incredible tent that looked a bit like an Egyptian pyramid or a star. And what food there was beneath it: The Strong Brothers' egg rolls for which people lined up 50 deep, the Hungry Hunza sandwiches loaded with cheeses and sprouts and other good things, Mary's home-made ice cream with hot apples, Krystina's delightful bakery goods and that fine swichel (if I'm spelling it right) cooked up by the Sagadahoc County Chapter of MOFGA. It was a kind of hot cider mixture, they told me, consumed by workers long ago during haying season.In 1989, Hurricane Hugo flooded the fairgrounds and delayed the Saturday opening.
In 2008, MOFGA installed water bottle filling stations to test the viability of banning the sale of bottled water. The test run was deemed a success and the sale and use of bottled water was banned the following year.
Coffee sales were banned at the fair for many decades. By 2011 the rules had changed and fair vendors could sell organic, fair-trade coffee.
For the first time in 2017, the fair was powered entirely by alternative sources, including a 102-Kilowatt solar array, a series of heat pumps and a small wind turbine.
In May 2020, MOFGA announced the fair wouldn't take place for the first time since its inception due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Fair director April Bouchard said in a statement the cancellation "allows us to begin planning a marquee virtual event."
Fair atmosphere
The fair doesn't have a midway or race track. It features traditional skills demonstrations, alternative energy demonstrations, handicraft vendors, two farmers markets and two food courts, selling a range of organic, prepared foods.
The fair is also host to a large number of political groups and activists. In 2009, there were 64 political or social activism groups in attendance.
In 2012, Anne Raver of The New York Times visited the fair and wrote: "The fair is a grand celebration not only for organic growers, but also for spinners and weavers; woodworkers and jewelry-makers; drovers of oxen, horses and mules; and sheep herders and their dogs. Not to mention poets and fiddlers, reflexologists and herbalists, solar and wind power gurus, seed savers and worm-keepers." The Times also noted: "It wasn't the toasty smell of cotton candy that filled the air; it was the fruity fragrance of sweet Annie (Artemisia annua), a European herb that can self-seed in the garden like an invading army. Women old and young wore golden crowns of it on their heads."
In 2013, the Portland Press Herald reported: "Instead of the typical fair staples such as cotton candy and carnival rides, the Common Ground Country Fair draws crowds seeking veggie burgers and workshops on worm composting."
The fair is known for its numerous vegetarian, vegan and gluten-free options. Vegan columnist Avery Yale Kamila wrote in 2014: "for vegetarians there is no contest when it comes to the agricultural event with the largest selection of meat-free options. The Common Ground Country Fair wins the blue ribbon for consistent veg-friendliness year after year."
The Maine Campus newspaper wrote in 2019 the fair "has significantly more vegan and vegetarian options than an average fair."
Keynote speakers
Each day of the fair features one keynote address plus hundreds of other speeches, talks, panel discussions, demonstrations and other educational events. Some past keynote addresses at the Common Ground Country Fair were delivered by: Wendell Berry, Scott Nearing, Helen Nearing, Elliot Coleman, Vandana Shiva, Will Bonsall, Kent Whealy, Jim Hightower, Ross Gelbspan, Percy Schmeiser.
Poster art & competition
MOFGA holds an annual competition for the artwork to be featured on the next year's fair poster and merchandise. Maine residents and MOFGA members can enter the contest. In 1987, the featured artwork was from Dahlov Ipcar. The 2011 poster was a still life oil painting of canned goods by Dacia Klinkerch. In 2014, Kate Seaver's medicinal herb drawing won the competition. The 2018 poster was a painting of two kunekune pigs by Arika von Edler, who painted them to highlight livestock not being raised for meat.
References
External links
Common Ground Country Fair
Fairs in the United States
Tourist attractions in Waldo County, Maine
Recurring events established in 1977
Festivals in Maine
1977 establishments in Maine
Silence in Paradise () is a 2011 Colombian drama film directed by Colbert Garcia.
Cast
Linda Baldrich as Lady
Francisco Bolívar as Ronald
References
External links
2011 films
2011 drama films
2010s Spanish-language films
Colombian drama films
Northwest Oregon is a geographic and cultural region of the U.S. state of Oregon, composed of Clatsop, Columbia, and Tillamook counties. The region encompasses the northernmost parts of the state along the lower
Columbia River.
History
The region was inhabited for thousands of years by the Chinook and Salish peoples.
In May 1792, American explorer Robert Gray became the first European American to navigate the Columbia River, trading with the native tribes and exploring up to 15 miles upriver. Gray created a chart of the lower river, a copy of which was acquired by British explorer George Vancouver. Vancouver conducted a more thorough expedition of the river, traveling as far up as Mount Hood.
The Lewis and Clark Expedition, led by Meriwether Lewis and William Clark, sighted the Pacific Ocean for the first time on November 7, 1805, arriving two weeks later. The expedition faced its second bitter winter camped on the north side of the Columbia River, in a storm-wracked area. Lack of food was a major factor. The elk, the party's main source of food, had retreated from their usual haunts into the mountains, and the party was now too poor to purchase enough food from neighboring tribes. On November 24, 1805, the party voted to move their camp to the south side of the Columbia River near modern Astoria, Oregon. Sacagawea, and Clark's slave York, were both allowed to participate in the vote, so this may have been the first time in American history where a woman and a slave were allowed to vote in an election run by European immigrants. Indigenous people had included women previously.
On the south side of the Columbia River, upstream on the west side of the Netul River (now Lewis and Clark River), they constructed Fort Clatsop. They did this not just for shelter and protection, but also to officially establish the American presence there, with the American flag flying over the fort. During the winter at Fort Clatsop, Lewis committed themselves to writing. They filled many pages of their journals with valuable knowledge, mostly about botany, because of the abundant growth and forests that covered that part of the continent. The health of the men also became a problem, with many suffering from colds and influenza.
In 1811, British explorer David Thompson, the first person known to have navigated the entire length of the Columbia River, reached the partially constructed Fort Astoria near the mouth of the river. They arrived just two months after the Pacific Fur Company's ship, the Tonquin. The fort constructed by the Tonquin party established Astoria as a U.S., rather than a British, settlement. It became a vital post for American exploration of the continent and was later used as an American claim in the Oregon boundary dispute with European nations. Astoria is the oldest permanently inhabited settlement established by Americans on the Pacific coast.
In 1848, the area became part of the Oregon Territory, and became part of the state of Oregon following Oregon's admission to the Union in 1859.
Geography
Northwest Oregon is bounded on the north and much of the east by the Columbia River which separates it from the state of Washington, on the west by the Pacific Ocean, and on the southeast by the rest of Oregon. The Willamette meridian marks the southeast corner. Saddle Mountain, at an elevation of 3,288 feet, is the highest mountain in the region. It is part of the Oregon Coast Range, which takes up most of the interior of the region.
Counties
Generally, the following three counties are considered to be part of Northwest Oregon. Sometimes, parts of Washington County are included as well.
Clatsop County (population 37,831)
Columbia County (population 49,600)
Tillamook County (population 25,653)
The total population of the region is 113,084.
Cities
Politics
Politically, Northwest Oregon is divided. Clatsop County leans Democratic, having not voted for a Republican in a presidential election since 1956. Columbia County is traditionally Democratic, although in 2016 it voted for a Republican (Donald Trump) for the first time since 1928. Tillamook County is more of a swing county, voting Democratic 15 times and Republican seven times since 1932. Since 1920 it has also acted as somewhat of a bellwether, voting for the national winner all but three times since then.
Northwest Oregon is represented congressionally by Representatives Suzanne Bonamici (Clatsop and Columbia) and Kurt Schrader (Tillamook), both Democrats. Most of the region is represented in the Oregon State Senate by Betsy Johnson, a Democrat; it is represented in the Oregon House of Representatives by Brad Witt and Deborah Boone, also Democrats. Southern Tillamook County is served by Senator Arnie Roblan and Representative David Gomberg, also Democrats.
See also
List of regions of Oregon
Northwest Oregon Conference
Oregon Coast
Western Oregon
References
Regions of Oregon
Rakova is a village in the municipality of Čačak, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 661 people.Rakova have river Čemernica, which Is full of beautiful nature. The name Rakova originated from the river Čemernica, because Čemernica had a lot of "rakova", or in English crayfish
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Fischbeck Abbey () is a convent for canonesses in Fischbeck near Hessisch Oldendorf, Lower Saxony, Germany.
It was founded in 955 by the noblewoman Helmburgis, a relation of the powerful family of the Ecbertiner, on land that had been given to them for the purpose by King Otto I, and is still a house of canonesses today, although now Lutheran women's convent rather than a Roman Catholic monastery.
Despite later repairs and refurbishments, the cloisters and the church, built mostly in the 12th and 13th centuries, are still basically Romanesque.
In the abbey church is a tapestry made in 1583, which portrays the foundation of the abbey in six panels. In the 1950s the author Manfred Hausmann was inspired by the tapestry to write the dramatic piece "Der Fischbecker Wandteppich" (The Tapestry of Fischbeck), which has been performed in the abbey church at Fischbeck several times.
Sources
Stift Fischbeck official website
David Zersen. "Lutheran Convents in Germany." Lutheran Forum. Vol. 48. No. 1, Spring 2014.
Monasteries in Lower Saxony
Monasteries of Canonesses Regular
Augustinian monasteries in Germany
Christian monasteries established in the 10th century
Lutheran women's convents
10th-century establishments in Germany
Religious buildings and structures completed in 955
Diagnostic microscopy may refer to:
Histopathology of tissues
Smear test of free cells or small tissue fragments
Shlomo Goren (; February 3, 1917 – October 29, 1994), was a Polish-born Israeli Orthodox Religious Zionist rabbi and Talmudic scholar who was considered a foremost authority on Jewish law (Halakha). Goren founded and served as the first head of the Military Rabbinate of the Israel Defense Forces (IDF). Subsequently, they were the third Ashkenazi Chief Rabbi of Israel from 1973 to 1983, after which they established a yeshiva in Jerusalem, which they headed until their death.
Goren served in the IDF during three wars, wrote several award-winning books on Jewish law, and was appointed Chief Rabbi of Tel Aviv in 1968.
Childhood
Goren was born in Zambrów, Poland to Abraham and Haya Tzipora Goronczik. The family immigrated to the British Mandate of Palestine in 1925. The family was among the founders of Kfar Hasidim, a village of religious Jews near Haifa where Goren grew up.
Education
As a young boy they were sent to Jerusalem to study at the Etz Chaim yeshiva. Later they became the youngest student to enter the prestigious Hebron yeshiva in Jerusalem at age 12, where they were identified as a prodigy. Their first book, dealing with Temple sacrifices, was published when they were 17 years old. They received rabbinic ordination at age 17.
Goren studied philosophy, mathematics and classics at the Hebrew University from 1940 until 1944.
Military career
Goren's career was characterized by a commitment to the Religious Zionist values of their youth. They volunteered for the Haganah in 1936, and served as a chaplain for the Jerusalem area during the 1948 War of Independence, during which they tested for and qualified as an IDF paratrooper. Goren was a Chaplain of the Carmeli Brigade during the war. Immediately after the War of Independence, they engaged, often at great personal risk, in the collecting of the bodies and giving proper burial to soldiers whose remains had been left in the field. They strongly opposed the idea of separate religious and secular units and worked for the integration of all soldiers in united army units. They were the most prominent halakhist involved in rulings for religious soldiers regarding their army service. Goren was eventually promoted to the rank of Brigadier-General.
Following the establishment of the State of Israel, Goren was appointed Chief Rabbi of the Military Rabbinate of the IDF with the rank of Major-General, a position they held until 1968. Rabbi Goren used the opportunity to help establish and organize the military chaplaincy's framework, streamlining processes to get soldiers accommodations for kosher food and prayer services. Goren personally wrote a new prayerbook to accommodate the different prayer styles used by various ethnic groups serving in the army.
Goren also served in the 1956 Suez Crisis and the 1967 Six-Day War, where they were promoted to a full General. Goren was on hand during the conquest of East Jerusalem on 7 June 1967, where they gave a prayer of thanksgiving broadcast live to the entire country. Shortly afterward Goren, blowing a shofar and carrying a Torah scroll, held the first Jewish prayer session at the Western Wall since 1948. The event was one of the defining moments of the war, and several photographs of Goren, surrounded by soldiers in prayer, have since become famous around the world and particularly in Israel. The most famous photograph shows Goren blowing the shofar against the background of the Western Wall.
Controversy
Goren attracted many admirers through their passion for Religious Zionism and theirs combining Zionist activism with a commitment to Judaism and Jewish scholarship. However, their uncompromising personality later resulted in them becoming a polarizing and controversial figure in Israeli politics. Goren called the vehement attacks on them a "moral and religious scandal."
The Langer Controversy
In November 1972, Goren presided over a panel of nine dayanim to review the case of Sgt. Maj. Hanoch Langer, and their sister Miriam, who had been declared mamzerim, and therefore ineligible for marriage to an Israelite by a Beit Din in Petah Tikva.
The Langer children had been designated as mamzerim because their mother had married their father, without having been divorced from their previous husband, thus committing adultery according to Jewish law.
Fearing a review of the case would prompt the secularists in the Government, such as Gideon Hausner of the Independent Liberal Party, to press for the introduction of civil marriage in Israel to break the rabbinate's exclusive control over marriage, Goren controversially reversed the ruling.
Goren's reversal was fiercely opposed, primarily by the Agudat Yisrael and Rav Ovadiah Yosef. However, some prominent rabbis, such as Rav Soloveitchik and Rav Yosef Eliahu Henkin came out in support of Goren.
The controversy severely affected Goren's reputation.
Halakha
Goren spent most of their term as Chief Rabbi of Israel attempting to reconcile Jewish religious teachings with modern problems of the state, including advancements in technological progress and various high-profile conversion cases. Goren often clashed with their more conservative rabbinical colleagues.
One example of Goren's desire to adapt Halakha to changing realities in science was their controversial stance on Kiddush Levana, the monthly blessing over the new moon. A prayer customarily added after the blessing contains the words "just as I dance before you and am unable to touch you." Goren said that since the Americans landed on the moon in 1969, this line should be changed to reflect that it is, in fact, possible to touch the moon.
Religious-Zionist activism
Temple Mount
Goren repeatedly advocated or supported building a Third Temple on the Temple Mount from the 1960s onward, and was associated with various messianic projects involving the Temple Mount. They were well known for their controversial positions concerning Jewish sovereignty over the Temple Mount. On 15 August 1967, two months after the Six-Day War, Goren led a group of fifty Jews onto the Temple Mount, where, fighting off protesting Muslim guards and Israeli police, they defiantly held a prayer service. Goren continued to pray for many years in the Makhkame building overlooking the Temple Mount, where they conducted yearly High Holiday services. Their call for the establishment of a synagogue on the Temple Mount has subsequently been reiterated by their brother-in-law, the former Chief Rabbi of Haifa, She'ar Yashuv Cohen.
Goren was sharply criticized by the Israeli Defense Ministry, who, noting Goren's senior rank, called their behavior inappropriate. The episode led the Chief Rabbis of the time to restate the accepted laws of Judaism that no Jews were allowed on the mount due to issues of ritual impurity. The secular authorities welcomed this ruling as it preserved the status quo with the Waqf, the Islamic authority. Disagreeing with their colleagues, Goren continually maintained that Jews were not only permitted, but commanded, to ascend and pray on the mount.
The actual question of Goren's radicalism remains controversial. One widely repeated story about Goren claims that shortly after the Israeli capture of the Temple Mount, the rabbi either argued that Israel should destroy the al Aqsa Mosque and Dome of the Rock, or simply said that it would have been a "good thing" if they had been accidentally destroyed. The charge, made by General Narkiss, an eyewitness, in an interview with Haaretz that Rabbi Goren calling for the destruction of the mosques has been used to claim there is a Jewish extremism comparable to Islamic extremism. Goren's close assistant Rabbi Menachem Ha-Cohen, who was with Rabbi Goren throughout that historic day, denied ever hearing Goren make such a remark. Goren themselves personally denied this charge several times. However, Goren did make a speech later that year to a military convention, recorded and later broadcast on Israel's army radio, in which they said of the Dome of the Rock and the al-Aqsa Mosque that "Certainly we should have blown it up. It is a tragedy that we did not do so."
After retiring from official duties as Chief Rabbi, Goren opened and lead the Idra Yeshiva near the Western Wall. The yeshiva changed and was renamed after Goren's death.
Dig at alleged "Gate Synagogue"
In the summer of 1983, Goren and several other rabbis joined Rabbi Yehuda Getz, who worked for the Religious Affairs Ministry at the Western Wall, in touring a chamber underneath the mount that Getz had illegally excavated, where the two claimed to have seen the Ark of the Covenant. The excavation was shortly discovered and resulted in a massive brawl between young Jews and Arabs in the area. The access tunnel to the chamber was quickly sealed with concrete by Israeli police. The sealed entrance can be seen from the Western Wall Tunnel, which opened to the public in 1996.
Opposition to Oslo Accords
Goren also made headlines after their term as Chief Rabbi had expired. They were deeply opposed to the Oslo Accords and in 1993 declared that it was halakhically forbidden to dismantle any settlements in the Biblical Land of Israel, and encouraged any soldiers ordered to do so to refuse. In 1994 they announced that Halakha made it a duty for Jews to kill Yasser Arafat, because they endangered Jewish lives.
Relation with Christian denominations
Goren, who was a strong supporter of alliances between Evangelical Christians and Israel, also denounced meetings between Israel and the Holy See, calling it "blasphemy beyond expression."
Opposition to Jewish terrorism
Goren has spoken out against Jewish terrorism. In 1982 they and Rabbi Ovadia Yosef officially condemned a shooting attack on the Temple Mount by an American immigrant which resulted in the death of two Muslims and the wounding of several others. In a joint statement released by the Chief Rabbis, they declared that "We and the entire Jewish people attack and deplore the criminal act of murder in every possible way. Through this abominable act [Alan] Goodman has removed themselves from the Jewish people...".
Educational activity
Goren was a manager of Kollel, where they met and educated Rabbi Joel Landau. Landau helped them in managing the Kollel.
Following their term as Ashkenazi Chief Rabbi, they founded the Idra Yeshiva near the Western Wall, which they headed until their passing.
Halakhic and other published work
Goren's first work was on the Mishneh Torah of Maimonides, published at age seventeen.
Sha'arei Taharah on Tractate Mikva'ot, a study of the laws concerning ritual baths (mikva'ot), published at the age of twenty-one. It received an "enthusiastic approbatio" from Rabbi Isser Zalman Meltzer, who had been their rebbe.
A number of responsa regarding the application of Jewish Law in a modern army
With Might and Strength: An Autobiography, an (auto)biography redacted by Avi Rath based on their interviews with Goren (2013 in Hebrew, 2016 in English)
Vegetarianism
Goren was a strict vegetarian after they visited a slaughterhouse in Canada in 1967 to perform an inspection of kashrut.
Awards
In 1961, Goren was awarded the Israel Prize in Rabbinical literature.
Personal life
Goren was married to Tzfia Cohen, the daughter of prominent Religious Zionist Rabbi David Cohen, the Nazir of Jerusalem, and the sister of Rabbi She'ar Yashuv Cohen, former deputy-mayor of Jerusalem and later Chief Rabbi of Haifa. Both Goren's father-in-law and brother-in-law were also prominent rabbinical vegetarians.
Rabbi Goren and Tzfia Goren had three children: retired justice Tchiya Shapiro; psychologist Drorit Tamari; and Abraham (Rami) Goren, executive vice president of Elbit Imaging.
Quotes
"Human life is undoubtedly a supreme value in Judaism, as expressed both in the Halacha and the prophetic ethic. This refers not only to Jews, but to all men created in the image of God."
"It is clear that according to Halacha (Jewish religious law), a soldier who receives an order that runs contrary to Torah law should uphold the Halacha, and not the secular order. And since settling the land is a commandment, and uprooting the settlements is breaking the commandment, the soldier should not carry out an order to uproot settlements. This government does not lean on a majority of Jewish support, but rather on Arab votes. According to the Halacha it does not have the authority of a majority, and therefore government directives to uproot the settlements do not have the authority of the majority of the people." (NRP newspaper Hatzofeh, 19 December 1993.)
Bibliography
The Crown of Holiness, an interpretation and commentary on Maimonides' Mishneh Torah, 1934.
Sha'rei Taharah, a study on the laws of niddah, 1940.
Ha-Yerushalmi ha-Meforash, commentary on the Jerusalem Talmud, 1961. Recipient of the Israel Prize for Jewish Scholarship.
See also
List of Israel Prize recipients
Jewish vegetarianism
References
External links
Jewish Ideas Daily: The Warrior Rabbi
Shlomo Goren
Jsource Biography
OU Biography
Rabbinic Teachings on Vegetarianism, edited by Richard Schwartz, Ph.D., from the Jewish Virtual Library
Goren Biography from Western Wall Heritage Society Newsletter
Rabbi Eliezer Melamed, 'Rabbi Goren and the Temple Mount' on Arutz Sheva.
Gorenberg, Gershom. End of Days : Fundamentalism and the Struggle for the Temple Mount. Free Press, 2000.
1917 births
1994 deaths
Chief rabbis of Israel
Israeli generals
Israel Prize Rabbi recipients
Israel Prize in Rabbinical literature recipients
Orthodox rabbis in Mandatory Palestine
Religious Zionist Orthodox rabbis
Polish emigrants to Israel
People from Zambrów
Israeli Orthodox rabbis
Israeli people of Polish-Jewish descent
20th-century Israeli rabbis
Chief rabbis of Tel Aviv
Israel Defense Forces rabbis
Burials at the Jewish cemetery on the Mount of Olives
Israeli military chaplains
Joseph Jules Zerey (born 9 June 1941 in Alexandria, Egypt) is a retired archbishop of the Melkite Greek Catholic Church and former Apostolic Vicar of Jerusalem.
Career
Zerey was ordained a priest on 5 May 1967 and started Working at the Patriarchal College School in Cairo in 1967. In 1972 they were appointed as director of the Patriarchal College School in Heliopolis. They were a patron of the Church of St. Joseph in Al Zaytoon-Cairo from 1985 to 2001, and president of the second-degree spiritual Court.
On 22 June 2001 they were appointed titular Archbishop of Damietta and Auxiliary Bishop of Antioch. They were consecrated bishop on 9 November 2001 by Patriarch Gregory III Laham, assisted by co-consecrators Archbishops Elias Zoghby and Paul Antaki. On 22 June 2001 Zerey was appointed Patriarchal Vicar of Alexandria and Synkellos for the Melkite Church in Egypt and Sudan.
On 4 June 2008 Zerey was appointed Vicar Apostolic of Jerusalem. During 2010 Zerey was a participant in the Synod of Bishops for the Middle East in Rome. At the synod they published an intervention discussing the need to re-evangelize Christians living in the Holy Land and announcing the creation of a new international center for family spirituality in Nazareth.
On February 9, 2018, Zerey was replaced as Patriarchal Vicar of Jerusalem by the Melkite Synod, due to their age. They were succeeded by Archbishop Yasser Ayyash.
Distinctions
Grand Prior of the Patriarchal Order of the Holy Cross of Jerusalem
Gallery
Notes
External links
Monseigneur Joseph-Jules Zerey: Curriculum Vitae
Joseph Jules Zerey on Faith
Gcatholic
Melkite Greek Catholic bishops
1941 births
Living people
Members of the Patriarchal Order of the Holy Cross of Jerusalem
Egyptian Christian clergy
Egyptian Melkite Greek Catholics
People from Alexandria
Eastern Catholic bishops in Africa
Eastern Catholic bishops in Asia
Shoghlabad (, also Romanized as Shoghlābād and Shaghlābād; also known as Shoql Ābād and Shughlābād) is a village in Dughayi Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 303, in 97 families.
References
Populated places in Quchan County
Pseudonectria is a genus of fungi in the family Nectriaceae.
Species
Pseudonectria aquifolii
Pseudonectria bambusae
Pseudonectria bambusina
Pseudonectria callorioides
Pseudonectria casaresii
Pseudonectria ciliata
Pseudonectria coffeicola
Pseudonectria collorioides
Pseudonectria furfurella
Pseudonectria gigaspora
Pseudonectria maranhensis
Pseudonectria musae
Pseudonectria ornata
Pseudonectria pachysandricola
Pseudonectria pipericola
Pseudonectria reticulospora
Pseudonectria rousseliana
Pseudonectria strasseri
Pseudonectria sulphurata
Pseudonectria tabacina
Pseudonectria tilachlidii
External links
Nectriaceae genera
Neil French (born 18 July 1964) is a former English cricketer. French was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm medium pace. They were born in Warsop, Nottinghamshire.
French made their debut for Lincolnshire in the 1988 MCCA Knockout Trophy against Cumberland. French played Minor counties cricket for Lincolnshire from 1988 to 1995, which included 31 Minor Counties Championship matches and 11 MCCA Knockout Trophy matches. They made their List A debut against Lancashire in the 1988 NatWest Trophy. They played 2 further List A match for Lincolnshire, against Gloucestershire in the 1990 NatWest Trophy and Glamorgan in the 1994 NatWest Trophy. In their 3 matches, they scored 26 runs at an average of 8.66, with a high score of 18. With the ball, they took 2 wickets at an expensive bowling average of 80.50, with best figures of 1/56.
Their brother, Bruce, played Test cricket for England.
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
People from Warsop
English cricketers
Lincolnshire cricketers
Caonillas is a barrio in the municipality of Aibonito, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 1,424.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the combined population of Caonillas and Asomante barrios was 1,245.
Sectors
Barrios (which are like minor civil divisions) in turn are further subdivided into smaller local populated place areas/units called sectores (sectors in English). The types of sectores may vary, from normally sector to urbanización to reparto to barriada to residencial, among others.
The following sectors are in Caonillas barrio:
, and .
Special communities
Since 2001 when law 1-2001 was passed, measures have been taken to identify and address the high levels of poverty and the lack of resources and opportunities affecting specific communities in Puerto Rico. Initially there were 686 places that made the list. By 2008, there were 742 places on the list of . The places on the list are barrios, communities, sectors, or neighborhoods and in 2004 Sector El Coquí in Caonillas made the list. In 2017, Jesus Velez Vargas, the director of the Special Communities of Puerto Rico program stated that the program was evolving with more ways to help the residents of these so-called marginal communities.
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
List of barrios and sectors of Aibonito, Puerto Rico
References
External links
Barrios of Aibonito, Puerto Rico
Johann Altfuldisch (born November 11, 1911, Brückenau, Germany — died May 28, 1947, Landsberg am Lech, Bavaria, Germany) was SS-Obersturmführer and a guard at Mauthausen-Gusen concentration camp where temporarily they were vice-chief of its central part.
Altfuldisch was a member of the NSDAP and later on they joined the SS. In 1936 they began working at Sachsenhausen concentration camp. In 1938 they joined the Waffen-SS. Between 1938 and 1945 they held the second highest-ranking position at Mauthausen concentration camp, where they ordered and personally participated in many executions.
Hans Altfuldisch, second Schutzhaftlagerführer in Mauthausen, was accused by the witnesses to beat prisoners and that they were present when certain groups, for example allied prisoners of war were killed.
After the end of World War II, they were charged by the U.S. military court at Dachau to have participated in "executions of special ethnic groups or war prisoners". On May 13, 1946, they were found guilty of committing the above-mentioned crimes. They were hanged on May 28, 1947 at the prison for war criminals at Landsberg Prison. Their last words had been: "I die for Germany!"
Literature
Ernst Klee: Das Personenlexikon zum Dritten Reich: Wer war was vor und nach 1945. Fischer-Taschenbuch-Verlag, Frankfurt am Main 2007. . {ger}
References
1911 births
1947 deaths
Dachau trials executions
Holocaust perpetrators in Austria
Mauthausen concentration camp personnel
Sachsenhausen concentration camp personnel
SS-Obersturmführer
Waffen-SS personnel
People from Bad Kissingen (district)
Executed mass murderers
William Frederick Light (1 March 1878 – 10 November 1930) was an English first-class cricketer. Light was a left-handed batsman who bowled right-arm fast and slow left-arm orthodox spin. They were educated at Marlborough College.
Light made their first-class debut for Hampshire against Essex in the 1897 County Championship. Light's final first-class match for Hampshire came against Sussex in the 1898 County Championship. Light represented Hampshire in twelve first-class matches between 1897 and 1898, scoring 101 runs at an average of 5.94, with a high score of 41. With the ball Light took ten wickets at a bowling average of 34.30, with best figures of 3/32. Light was an able fielder, taking nine catches.
In 1902 Light joined Devon for the 1902 Minor Counties Championship, making their debut against Glamorgan. Light made 145 appearances for Devon between 1902 and 1928, with their final match coming against Monmouthshire in the 1928 Minor Counties Championship.
Light died at St James Park, Exeter, Devon on 10 November 1930.
Family
Light's brother Elisha Light also played first-class cricket for Hampshire, as well as representing Carmarthenshire in Minor Counties cricket.
See also
Light (surname)
External links
William Light at Cricinfo
William Light at CricketArchive
1878 births
1930 deaths
Sportspeople from Winchester
People educated at Marlborough College
English cricketers
Hampshire cricketers
Devon cricketers
William Legge, 4th Earl of Dartmouth FRS, SA (29 November 1784 – 22 November 1853), styled The Honourable William Legge until 1801 and Viscount Lewisham between 1801 and 1810, was a British peer.
Background
Dartmouth was the son of George Legge, 3rd Earl of Dartmouth, by Lady Frances, daughter of Heneage Finch, 3rd Earl of Aylesford. Heneage Legge and Arthur Legge were their younger brothers.
Career
Dartmouth was returned to Parliament as one of two representatives for Milborne Port at a by-election in January 1810. However, in November of the same year they succeeded their father in the earldom and took their seat in the House of Lords. They were admitted a Fellow of the Royal Society on 7 November 1822. They were also a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries.
Like their father before him, Dartmouth served as an officer in the Staffordshire Militia, and was promoted to command it with the rank of Colonel in 1812. They were still colonel of the regiment at the time of their death.
Family
Lord Dartmouth was twice married.
They married firstly Lady Frances Charlotte Chetwynd-Talbot, daughter of Charles Chetwynd-Talbot, 2nd Earl Talbot, on 5 April 1820. They had one son:
William Walter, 5th Earl of Dartmouth, b. 12 August 1823
Lady Frances died on 4 October 1823.
Lord Dartmouth married secondly the Honourable Frances Barrington, daughter of Reverend George Barrington, 5th Viscount Barrington, on 25 October 1828. They had six sons and nine daughters. Their children by their second wife were:
Lady Frances Elizabeth Legge, b c1830,
Lady Louisa Legge, b c1831,
Hon. George Barrington Legge, b 19 December 1831,
Lady Beatrix Maria Legge, b c1833,
Hon. Edward Henry Legge, b 23 April 1834,
Hon. Arthur Kaye Howard Legge, b c1835,
Lady Katharine Legge, b c1837,
Lady Florence Legge (1838–1917), who married Colonel Nathaniel Barnardiston and left several children
Hon. Augustus Legge, b 28 November 1839, Bishop of Lichfield (1891–1913)
Lady Barbara Caroline Legge, b 1841,
Hon. Charles Gounter Legge, b 9 May 1842,
Lady Charlotte Anne Georgiana Legge, b c1844,
Hon. Heneage Legge, b 3 July 1845,
Lady Harriet Octavia Legge, b 1 March 1847,
Lady Wilhelmina Legge, b 1849.
The Countess of Dartmouth died on 12 August 1849.
Lord Dartmouth remained a widower until their death in November 1853, aged 68. They were succeeded in the earldom by their only child from their first marriage.
Other
Dartmouth was the litigant in the trust law case of Howe v Earl of Dartmouth (1802) 7 Ves 137.
References
External links
1784 births
1853 deaths
4
Fellows of the Royal Society
Lewisham, William Legge, Viscount
Lewisham, William Legge, Viscount
Staffordshire Militia officers
UK MPs who inherited peerages
William
Cooper Industries, Inc. v. Leatherman Tool Group, Inc., 532 U.S. 424 (2001), was a decision by the United States Supreme Court involving the standard of review that Federal Appeal Courts should use when examining punitive damages awards.
Prior history
Leatherman Tool Group made a multifunction tool that was arguably uniquely new at the time of its introduction. In 1995, Cooper Industries, a competing toolmaker, decided to enter the same market niche with a similar tool. The competing product was originally to be nearly identical to the original, save a few cosmetic changes. When introducing the new tool at the 1996 National Hardware Show, the advertising materials, catalogs, and a mock-up were, in fact, modified versions of the original Leatherman tool.
After the trade show, Leatherman Tool Group filed a civil suit against Cooper Industries asserting claims of trade-dress infringement, unfair competition, and false advertising under the Lanham Act and a common-law claim of unfair competition for advertising and selling an imitation. In October 1997, a federal jury returned a verdict against Cooper Industries on the false advertising, imitation, and unfair competition claims and assessed damages. It awarded Leatherman Tool Group $50,000.00 in compensatory damages and $4.5 Million in punitive damages. The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed the punitive damages on appeal, stating that the damages were not "grossly excessive" under BMW of North America, Inc. v. Gore .
Case
The case was argued on February 26, 2001. Cooper Industries asked the Court to decide whether the Court of Appeals reviewed the constitutionality of the punitive damages award under the correct standard.
Because the Court itself has recognized that determining if a fine is grossly excessive is "inherently imprecise" Gore held that it was necessary to evaluate a number of factors.
The degree of the defendant's reprehensibility or culpability
The relationship between the penalty and the harm to the victim caused by the defendant's actions
The sanctions imposed in other cases for comparable misconduct
The Appeals Court has the responsibility on appeal of determining if the lower District court had evaluated these factors correctly. Instead of merely deciding whether the lower court had abused its judicial discretion, the punitive damages should be reviewed in their entirety. By doing so, the Appeals courts would ensure that the courts in its circuit applied these standards in a uniform manner and that citizens would receive uniform treatment.
Effects of the decision
In making its decision, the Court extended the holding in Furman v. Georgia that the Eighth Amendment applied to the states through the Fourteenth Amendment. While Furman confirmed the earlier incorporation of the 8th Amendment's Cruel and Unusual Punishment clause in Robinson v. California, 370 U.S. 660, 667 (1962) Cooper Industries v. Leatherman Tool Group incorporated the Excessive Fines clause.
The Court later seemed to back away from this holding. Justice Stevens' Opinion for the Court directly stated: "...the Fourteenth Amendment's Due Process Clause imposes substantive limits on the States' discretion, making the Eighth Amendment's prohibition against excessive fines and cruel and unusual punishments applicable to the States." Nine years later, however, in a footnote to their Opinion for the Court in McDonald v. City of Chicago, , Justice Alito wrote: "We never have decided whether the Third Amendment or the Eighth Amendment's prohibition of excessive fines applies to the States through the Due Process Clause." The discrepancy between these two views was resolved in Timbs v. Indiana, wherein the Court unanimously ruled that the Eighth Amendment's prohibition of excessive fines is an incorporated protection applicable to the states under the Fourteenth Amendment.
Subsequent history
On remand to the Ninth Circuit, applying the de novo review standard the Appeals court reduced the punitive damages to $500,000.00. [citation: http://www.ca9.uscourts.gov/coa/newopinions.nsf/970AC2B13F32751B88256BAE00575CFB/$file/9835147.pdf?openelement]
See also
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 532
List of United States Supreme Court cases
External links
United States Supreme Court cases
United States trademark case law
United States civil procedure case law
United States civil due process case law
2001 in United States case law
United States Supreme Court cases of the Rehnquist Court
Saint Paternus was the Bishop of Auch, although born a Basque.
References
Saints from Hispania
Gallo-Roman saints
2nd-century Christian saints
2nd-century bishops in Gaul
150 deaths
Year of birth unknown
The Rolf Schock Prizes were established and endowed by bequest of philosopher and artist Rolf Schock (1933–1986). The prizes were first awarded in Stockholm, Sweden, in 1993 and, since 2005, are awarded every three years. Each recipient currently receives SEK 400,000 (approximately US$60,000). A similar prize is the Kyoto Prize in Arts and Philosophy, established by the Inamori Foundation. It is considered the equivalent of the Nobel Prize in Philosophy.
The Prizes are awarded in four categories and decided by committees of three of the Swedish Royal Academies:
Logic and Philosophy (decided by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences)
Mathematics (decided by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences)
Visual Arts (decided by the Royal Swedish Academy of Arts)
Musical Arts (decided by the Royal Swedish Academy of Music)
Laureates in Logic and Philosophy
Laureates in Mathematics
Laureates in Visual Arts
Laureates in Musical Arts
See also
Fields Medal
Kyoto Prize in Arts and Philosophy
Astrid Lindgren Memorial Award
Nevanlinna Prize
Nobel Prize
Polar Music Prize
Right Livelihood Award
Turing Award
Lists of awards
List of European art awards
List of mathematics awards
References
External links
2022 Rolf Schock Prize
List of Laureates
Visual arts awards
Mathematics awards
Philosophy awards
Awards of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences
Swedish music awards
1993 establishments in Sweden
Awards established in 1993
During British Summer Time (BST), civil time in the United Kingdom is advanced one hour forward of Greenwich Mean Time (GMT), in effect changing the time zone from UTC±00:00 to UTC+01:00, so that mornings have one hour less daylight, and evenings one hour more.
BST begins at 01:00 GMT every year on the last Sunday of March and ends at 01:00 GMT (02:00 BST) on the last Sunday of October. The starting and finishing times of daylight saving were aligned across the European Union on 22 October 1995, and the UK retained this alignment after it left the EU; both BST and Central European Summer Time begin and end on the same Sundays at 02:00 Central European Time, 01:00 GMT. Between 1972 and 1995, the BST period was defined as "beginning at two o'clock, Greenwich mean time, in the morning of the day after the third Saturday in March or, if that day is Easter Day, the day after the second Saturday in March, and ending at two o'clock, Greenwich mean time, in the morning of the day after the fourth Saturday in October."
The following table lists recent-past and near-future start and end dates of British Summer Time:
Instigation and early years
Early history
British Summer Time was first established by the Summer Time Act 1916, after a campaign by builder William Willett. Their original proposal was to move the clocks forward by 80 minutes, in 20-minute weekly steps on Sundays in April and by the reverse procedure in September. In 1916, BST began on 21 May and ended on 1 October. Willett never lived to see their idea implemented, having died in early 1915.
Periods of deviation
In the summers of 1941 to 1945, during the Second World War, Britain was two hours ahead of GMT and operating on British Double Summer Time (BDST). To bring this about, the clocks were not put back by an hour at the end of summer in 1940 (BST having started early, on 25 February 1940). In subsequent years, clocks continued to be advanced by one hour each spring (to BDST) and put back by an hour each autumn (to BST). On 15 July 1945, the clocks were put back by an hour, so BDST reverted to BST; the clocks were put back by an additional hour on 7 October 1945, so BST reverted to GMT for the winter of 1945.
In 1946, BST operated as normal (from April to October) but in 1947, for a single year, BDST was re-introduced with effect from 13 April (BST having started on 16 March). After four months of BDST the clocks were put back by an hour on 10 August (to BST) and by another hour on 2 November (to GMT).
An inquiry during the winter of 1959–60, in which 180 national organisations were consulted, revealed a slight preference for a change to all-year GMT+1, but instead the length of summer time was extended as a trial. A further inquiry during 1966–1967 led the government of Harold Wilson to introduce the British Standard Time experiment, with Britain remaining on GMT+1 throughout the year. This took place between 27 October 1968 and 31 October 1971, when there was a reversion to the previous arrangement.
Analysis of accident data for the first two years of the experiment, published by HMSO in October 1970, indicated that while there had been an increase in casualties in the morning, there had been a substantially greater decrease in casualties in the evening, with a total of around 2,700 fewer people killed and seriously injured during the first two winters of the experiment, at a time when about 1,000 people a day were killed or injured on the roads. However, the period coincided with the introduction of drink/drive legislation; the estimates were later modified downwards in 1989.
The trial was the subject of a House of Commons debate on 2 December 1970 when, on a free vote, the House of Commons voted by 366 to 81 votes to end the experiment.
Debates on reform
Campaigners, including the Royal Society for the Prevention of Accidents (RoSPA) and environmental campaigners 10:10, have made recommendations that British Summer Time be maintained during the winter months, and that a "double summertime" be applied to the current British Summer Time period, putting the UK one hour ahead of GMT during winter, and two hours ahead during summer. This proposal is referred to as "Single/Double Summer Time" (SDST), and would effectively mean the UK adopting the same time zone as European countries such as France, Germany, and mainland Spain (Central European Time and Central European Summer Time).
RoSPA has suggested that this would reduce the number of accidents over this period as a result of the lighter evenings. RoSPA have called for the 1968–71 trial to be repeated with modern evaluation methods.
10:10's "Lighter Later" campaign, in addition to publicising the risk reductions described above, also highlights the potential energy benefits of Single/Double Summer Time, arguing that the change could "save almost 500,000 tonnes of CO2 each year, equivalent to taking 185,000 cars off the road permanently".
These proposals are opposed by some farmers and other outdoor workers and by many residents of Scotland and Northern Ireland, as it would mean that in northern Britain and Northern Ireland the winter sunrise would not occur until 10:00 or even later. However, in March 2010, the National Farmers' Union indicated that it was not against Single/Double Summer Time, with many farmers expressing a preference for the change. Other opponents of daylight saving measures say that darker mornings, especially in Scotland, could affect children going to school and people travelling to work.
A YouGov poll taken in March 2015 suggested that 40% of the people surveyed would prefer an end to the practice of changing the clocks, while only 33% wanted to keep it (the rest were indifferent or not sure). A recent YouGov survey showed that 44% would prefer to keep changing the clocks as now and 39% backed having constant summertime. 56% were against stopping changing the clocks in Scotland. Sunrise would be as late at 10 a.m. in the winter in northern parts. It is feared that colder icier roads combined with people still half asleep in the dark is bad for health and safety.
Current statute and parliamentary attempts at change
The current arrangement is now defined by the Summer Time Order 2002 which defines BST as "the period beginning at one o'clock, Greenwich mean time, in the morning of the last Sunday in March and ending at one o'clock, Greenwich mean time, in the morning of the last Sunday in October." This period was stipulated by a directive (2000/84/EC) of the European Parliament which required European countries to implement a common summer time (as originally introduced in 1997, in Directive 97/44/EC).
In part because of Britain's longitudinal length, debate emerges most years over the applicability of BST, and the issue is the subject of parliamentary debate. In 2004, English MP Nigel Beard tabled a Private Member's Bill in the House of Commons proposing that England and Wales should be able to determine their own time independently of Scotland and Northern Ireland.
In 2005, Lord Tanlaw introduced the Lighter Evenings (Experiment) Bill into the House of Lords, which would advance winter and summer time by one hour for a three-year trial period at the discretion of "devolved bodies", allowing Scotland and Northern Ireland the option not to take part. The proposal was opposed by the government. The bill received its second reading on 24 March 2006; however, it did not pass into law. The Local Government Association has also called for such a trial.
Daylight Saving Bill 2010–12
The Daylight Saving Bill 2010–12, a private member's bill by Conservative backbench MP Rebecca Harris, would have required the government to conduct an analysis of the potential costs and benefits of advancing time by one hour for all, or part of, the year. If such an analysis were to find that a clock change would benefit the UK, the bill required that the government should then initiate a trial clock change to determine the full effects.
In 2010, Prime Minister David Cameron stated they would seriously consider proposals in the bill. The bill was likely only to be passed with government support. Despite initial opposition in Scotland to the move, Cameron stated their preference was for the change to apply across the United Kingdom, stating "We are a United Kingdom. I want us to have a united time zone." A survey in late October 2010 of about 3,000 people for British energy firm npower suggested that a narrow majority of Scots may be in favour of this change, though the Scottish Government remained opposed.
The bill was debated again in Parliament in November 2011 and sent to committee in December 2011. In January 2012, the bill was again debated on the floor of the House of Commons where it was filibustered out of Parliament by opponents. Angus MacNeil, MP for , argued that it would adversely affect the population of Northern Scotland, while Jacob Rees-Mogg, MP for North East Somerset, tried to introduce an amendment to give Somerset its own time zone, 15 minutes behind London, in order to highlight what they saw as the absurdities of the bill. With all its allocated time used up, the bill could proceed no further through Parliament.
European reform from 2021
In 2018, after conducting a public survey, the European Commission proposed to put an end to seasonal clock changes in the European Union with effect from 2019. The European Parliament supported this proposal; however, , the proposal was still awaiting approval from the Council of the European Union, without which it will not come into force. If the proposal is ultimately approved, implementation will be deferred. Each member state will choose whether to remain on its current summer time, in which case the last transition would be on the last Sunday of March in the year of implementation, or its current winter time, which would take permanent effect from the last Sunday of October. Although the United Kingdom left the EU before any new directive became effective, EU rules continued to apply during the transition period. Thereafter, the UK can choose to make its own arrangements. If the UK were thus to continue observing summer and winter time, Northern Ireland would have a one-hour time difference for half the year either with the Republic of Ireland or with the rest of the UK. , the UK Government had "no plans" to end daylight saving.
In July 2019, the House of Lords EU Internal Market Sub-Committee launched a new inquiry into the implications for the UK of the European changes, to "explore what preparations the Government needs to make and what factors should inform the UK's response."
See also
Daylight saving time by country
Lighting-up time
Time in the Republic of Ireland
Western European Summer Time
References
Further reading
External links
"Archive of Summer Time Dates", National Physical Laboratory
1916 introductions
