Robert Walton may refer to:
Robert E. Walton, American polo player and coach
Bob Walton (1912-1992), Canadian professional ice hockey forward for the Montreal Canadiens and Pittsburgh Hornets.
Rob Walton (ice hockey), Canadian professional ice hockey forward in the World Hockey Association
Rob Walton or S. Robson Walton (born 1944), American billionaire and former chairperson of Walmart
Bob Walton (police commissioner), New Zealand police officer
Robert Walton, character in the 1818 novel Frankenstein
Robert Walton Goelet, American business person
Robert Walton Moore, American lawyer and politician
Grand Parc tram stop is a tram stop on line C of the Tramway de Bordeaux. It is located on Avenue Emile Counord in the city of Bordeaux. The stop opened on 19 November 2007, when Line C was extended north from , and was the northern terminus of Line C until a further extension to opened on 27 February 2008. The stop is operated by Transports Bordeaux Métropole.
For most of the day on Mondays to Fridays, trams run at least every five minutes in both directions. Services run less frequently in the early morning, late evenings, weekends and public holidays.
Close by
Grand Parc
References
Bordeaux tramway stops
Tram stops in Bordeaux
Railway stations in France opened in 2007
The Austria national under-21 football team is the national under-21 football team of Austria and is controlled by the Austrian Football Association.
This team is for Austrian players aged 21 or under at the start of a two-year European Under-21 Football Championship campaign, so players can be, and often are, up to 23 years old.
Staff
Head coach: Werner Gregoritsch
Assistant coach: Dietmar Pegam
Goalkeeper coach: Raimund Hedl
Current squad
The following players were called up for the 2023 UEFA European Under-21 Championship qualification match.
Match dates: 3 June 2022
Opposition:
Caps and goals correct as of:' 29 March 2022, after the match against
Recent call-ups
The following players have also been called up to the squad in the last twelve months and are still eligible for selection.
PRE Player was named to the preliminary squad
COV Player withdrew from the squad due to COVID-19
INJ Player withdrew from the squad due to an injury
WD Player withdrew from the squad due to non-injury issue
RET Retired from international football
SUS Suspended in official matches
Recent and forthcoming fixtures
2021
2022
Former coaches
Gustl Starek (1985–1987)
Ernst Weber (1996–1999)
Willibald Ruttensteiner (2001–2005)
Gerhard Hitzel (2005)
Willibald Ruttensteiner (2005–2006)
Manfred Zsak (2006–2009)
Andreas Herzog (2009–2011)
See also
Austria national football team
Austria national under-17 football team
References
External links
UEFA Under-21 website
F
European national under-21 association football teams
Ulrich Blank (born June 29, 1948 in Duisburg) is a doctor of electrical engineering in Essen, Germany. They were for many years CEO of Heinrich Industrie AG and was a member of various supervisory boards and advisory boards of family businesses. In September 2018, they were awarded the Cross of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany for their many years of voluntary work in the cultural field, in particular in favor of the Museum Folkwang.
Activity in the culture committee of the city of Aachen
Ulrich Blank studied electrical engineering and economics at the RWTH Aachen, where they also obtained their doctorate. In this time already they engaged themselves as a member of German liberal party FDP in the field of cultural politics, which is why this party appointed them in the culture committee of the city of Aachen after the municipal election of 1975. Their work there until 1979 brought them together with the Aachen industrialist and patron Peter Ludwig, from whose donations to the city of Cologne at that very time the Museum Ludwig emerged. Blank remained member of the FDP for more than 30 years later on.
Work for the Folkwang Museum
Since 1996, Blank has been a member of the Folkwang Museum Association (Folkwang-Museumsverein e.V.), where they became treasurer in 2005, then in 2015 chairperson, succeeding Achim Middelschulte. Since 2006, the museum has completed five major special exhibitions, whose implementation was administratively planned and financially monitored by Ulrich Blank. In contrast to other museum associations, the Folkwang Museum Association, founded in 1922, is the owner of the Folkwang Museum's collections in equal shares with the city of Essen due to a contract signed in the same year.
Further cultural engagement
As a co-initiator and supporter of the scholarship program Junge Kunst in Essen [Young Art in Essen], they enabled non-established artists to present their work to the public. Since 2006, Ulrich Blank has also been a member of the board of the Society of Friends and Supporters of the Folkwang University of the Arts e.V., for which they are a jury member in competitions, as a contact for students and in various projects. As a board member of the Forum Kreuzeskirche e.V. (since 2007) they contributed to the renovation of the church organ and raised funds.  They are also a member of the board of trustees of the Förderverein Evangelische Kirche Werden e.V., where they are particularly committed to the church music program.
Private life
Blank has been married to Marie Luise Blank (born Werhahn) since 1974, they are parents of four adult children. Their hobbies include cooking and playing the oboe. They live in the Essen district of Bredeney.
Literature
Blank, Ulrich: Entwicklung eines Verfahrens zur Segmentierung von Warenverteilungssystemen [= Development of a Process for the Segmentation of Goods Distribution Systems], 151 p. (PhD Theses); Aachen, 1980
External Web Links
Cross of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany awarded to Dr. Ulrich Blank [in German] (Press Release of the city of Essen, issued Sept 21, 2018)
Interview with Ulrich Blank on the occasion of their election as chairperson of the Folkwang Museum Association [in German] (Martina Schürmann, Westdeutsche Allgemeine Zeitung [WAZ vom 22.7.2015])
References
1948 births
People from Duisburg
Engineers from North Rhine-Westphalia
Businesspeople from Essen
Living people
Art museum people
Recipients of the Cross of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
Anna Ciepielewska (7 January 1936 – 20 May 2006) was a Polish actor. They appeared in more than forty films from 1955 to 2004.
Filmography
References
External links
1936 births
2006 deaths
Polish film actores
Richard Realf Braggins (December 25, 1879 – August 16, 1963) was an American baseball player who pitched in only four games over the course of about six weeks for the 1901 Cleveland Blues. In 32 innings they gave up 17 runs on 44 hits, struck out 1 and walked 15. They attended Case School of Applied Science (now Case Western Reserve University) from 1898–1901 where they were a member of the baseball and track teams. Braggins, while also a player, was manager of the Case baseball team from 1899–1901.
Braggins was a member of Phi Delta Theta fraternity.
References
External links
1879 births
1963 deaths
Baseball players from Pennsylvania
People from Mercer, Pennsylvania
Cleveland Blues (1901) players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Case Western Spartans baseball coaches
Case Western Spartans baseball players
Cleveland Lake Shores players
Tephrosia onobrychoides, commonly called multi-bloom hoary pea, is a species of plant in the pea family that is native to Texas, Louisiana, Arkansas, Oklahoma, Mississippi, and Alabama in the United States of America.
References
onobrychoides
Flora of Alabama
Flora of Arkansas
Flora of Louisiana
Flora of Mississippi
Flora of Oklahoma
Flora of Texas
Darudmand (, also Romanized as Darūdmand) is a village in Dehaj Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 127, in 23 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Exmes is a former commune in the Orne department in north-western France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune Gouffern en Auge. It was the seat of the county of Hiémois (French: Comté d'Hiémois), granted before their death in 1027 by Richard II, Duke of Normandy to their younger son, Robert, who eventually succeeded as duke of Normandy. In 1136, Gilbert de Clare, Earl of Pembroke led an expedition against Exmes and burned parts of the town, including the church of Notre Dame.
Herbert de Losinga, Bishop of Norwich (c. 1095–1119) was born in Exmes as well as François Le Prévost d'Exmes (1729–1793), 18th-century playwright.
Heraldry
See also
Communes of the Orne department
References
Former communes of Orne
Glen Mary may refer to:
Glen Mary, Alabama
Glen Mary (Hancock County, Georgia), an NRHP
Glen Mary, California, former name of Owensville, California
Elena Blasco (born 1950) is a Spanish multidisciplinary artist who works in photography, painting, and installations. With a subjective and ironic view, they recreate everyday objects and settings to build a personal and unique identity into their works, in some cases referring to gender violence and social injustice.
Career
Elena Blasco earned a licentiate from the Complutense University of Madrid's Faculty of Fine Arts in 1974, opting to specialize in painting. They graduated in Photography and Decoration from the Madrid School of Plastic Arts.
They held their first exhibition in 1976, during a decade in which conceptual experiences mingled with political attitudes, along with the so-called "new Madrid figuration" that claimed a return to painting and its expressive and conceptual potential.
In the 1990s their work began to gain popularity and was acquired by collections and museums.
Blasco's artistic style amalgamates very diverse works where the interplay of colors and techniques is characterized, combining photography, painting, and installations. However, despite the casual and lively atmosphere that is created around their productions, the aim and background of their works are paradoxically radical in terms of the meanings they project, questioning canonical prejudices of today's society. Several of their works incorporate debates about gender.
In their 2012 monographic exhibition "Millones y abundantes razones" (Millions and Abundant Reasons) at the Community of Madrid's Sala Alcalá, curated by , they presented hundreds of works that showed their recognizable and original imagery.
Blasco has been a teacher at the since 2002, and is a member of the Association of Women in the Visual Arts (MAV).
Individual exhibitions
1976: "En el estudio. Estandartes y collages I". Outdoor assemblage, Madrid.
1979: "En el estudio. Los americanos II". Outdoor assemblage. Madrid.
1983: Ateneo de Málaga, Málaga. - 1982 "La evolución de las especies de cuadros". Galería Montenegro, Madrid. - 1982 Galería Almuzara, Segovia.
1986: "To-do se me hace poco para ti". Galería Angel Romero, Madrid.
1989: Galería Angel Romero, Madrid.
1991: "Al deseo lo meneo". Galería Angel Romero, Madrid. "La desproporción". Galería Estampa, Madrid. Galerie Snoëi, Rotterdam (Holanda).Galería Berini, Barcelona.
1992: Gemeentemuseum Arhem, Arhem (Países Bajos)
1993: Galería Rafael Ortiz, Seville.
1994: "No os asustéis, ya estoy aquí yo". Galería Angel Romero, Madrid; Galería Mácula, Alicante; Galería Berini, Barcelona.
1995: Galería Vanguardia, Bilbao.
1996: "¿Por qué disimuláis?, cualquiera reconoce una flecha". Galería Siboney, Santander.
1997: "Búfalos son Búfalos". Galería Angel Romero, Madrid.
1998: "Sólo quiero no extrañar el cielo". Galería Trinta. Santiago de Compostela. "Búfalos son Búfalos". Galería Berini, Barcelona.
2001: Espacio Caja Burgos, Burgos. - 2000 "...se puede, se puede... se podía". Galería Fúcares, Madrid.
2002: "ytúúúuuuuqueteeeecreíííííiaselrey/adetoooodoelmuuuundoooooo". Sala Alameda. Provincial Deputation of Málaga. Málaga.
2004: "Como si no supiera nada de lo que sé que sé". Galería Fúcares; Madrid. Galería Trinta; Santiago de Compostela - 2003 Galería Fúcares Almagro, Ciudad Real.
2007: "Muchacha con idea clavo". Galería Fúcares, Madrid.
2008: "Muchacha con idea clavo". Centro cultural CC Bastero Kulturgunea, Guipúzcoa.
2012: "Millones y abundantes razones". Sala Alcalá 31, Madrid.
2016: "Por alegrías". Galería Alegría, Madrid.
References
External links
1950 births
Living people
20th-century Spanish painters
21st-century Spanish painters
20th-century Spanish women artists
21st-century Spanish women artists
Complutense University of Madrid alumni
Feminist artists
Painters from the Community of Madrid
Spanish contemporary artists
Spanish feminists
Spanish installation artists
Spanish schoolteachers
Spanish women painters
Spanish women photographers
Women installation artists
Pandemis phaedroma is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in China (Shensi).
References
Moths described in 1978
Pandemis
Eddie Brooks (2 June 1950 – 1 July 2022) was an Australian water polo player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1976 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
Retrieved 14 July 2022.
1950 births
2022 deaths
Australian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Australia
Water polo players at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing
Vinge is one of Sweden's two largest law firms and one of Europe's 100 largest law firms, with approximately 300 lawyers working in the firm and an annual turnover of about 936 million SEK (about 100 million EURO). The current firm was created by a merger of several smaller Swedish law firms in 1983.
Vinges offices in Sweden are located in Stockholm, Gothenburg, Malmö and Helsingborg, and the international offices are located in Brussels and Shanghai.
References
External links
Official web site
International Law Office web site
Law firms of Sweden
Law firms established in 1983
Samoa–Tonga relations are the bilateral relations between the Independent State of Samoa and the Kingdom of Tonga. They also interact in multilateral relations, with both of them belonging to the United Nations, the Commonwealth of Nations, and the Pacific Islands Forum.
History
The Lapita people (Polynesians) settled both Samoa and Tonga from 3,500 years ago during the Austronesian expansion to the east. Developing similar cultural identities, the islands maintained strong relations with each other.
The Tui Manuʻa Empire of Samoa, which originates from the Manuʻa Island Group of the Samoan Islands, ruled over all of Tonga during the eighth century when the empire's second king, Tui Manuʻa Tele (Fitiaumua), invaded and conquered Tonga and parts of Fiji by deploying 200 ʻalia (war canoes).
Samoan dominance and influence in Tonga
The Tui Manuʻa Empire of Samoa began its expansion into Tonga in the 8th century when the King at the time, Tui Manu‘a Tele (Fitiaumua), deployed Samoan warriors to conquer Tonga. It was then that their conquest was successful, and Tonga became part of Samoa's sphere of influence.
Samoan dominance in Tonga was mainly peaceful, with many Samoans building many fale for Tongans in Tongatapu, Ha‘apai and Vava‘u. Tongans were given a high status and were appreciated by and within Samoa. It is known that many Samoans resided in Tonga, most knowingly on the islands of Tongatapu, Ha‘apai, Vava‘u and Niuatoputapu where Samoan influence was felt strong. A large mass migration of Samoans to Tonga landed in Tongatapu at what was once known as Lafonga, has become the village of Niutoua. It is unknown that a Samoan King has never resided and centralised power of the empire in Tonga. Many Tongans also resided in Samoa, predominately on the islands of Savai‘i, ‘Upolu and Tutuila due to marriage and to uphold a sacred bond between the two islands. One common theory known to why Samoa and Tonga remained to have strong ties was due to Samoan royalty such as the Tui Manu‘a, marrying Tongan noblewomen, and to such extent where Samoans saw Tongans as their own flesh and blood. Tongan influence in Samoa during the Tui Manu‘a's reign in both islands was known well, predominately through marriage between Samoans and Tongans, most notably of all were between Samoan chiefs and Tongan noblewomen, or Tongan Kings or of high status with Samoan noblewomen. But which, a minor part of Tongan influence was through culture, with both islands trading fine mats (‘Ie Tōga in Samoan, Kie Ha‘amoa in Tongan - even though they are incorrectly translated as 'Tongan fine mat' for Samoan and 'Samoan fine mat' for Tongan, the literal translation is treasured mat, due to its high value in Samoa and Tonga.), ‘alia boats being built in Samoa and being exported to Tonga, and various common cultivation products in the region such as yam, taro and kava roots.
Influence through language is deeply strong, to which Samoan has also influenced greatly on Tongan, and of which it has influenced greatly on the northern Tongan islands of Niuatoputapu and Niuafo‘ou due to their close geographical location, both islands were closer to Samoa than that of the main islands and received strong influence in their native languages, one is now extinct and is replaced by Tongan, the Niuatoputapu language. Samoan dominance remained on Tonga for 250 years.
Tongan dominance and influence in Samoa
The rise of Tongan supremacy came with the formation of the Tu‘i Tonga Empire of Tonga, with its ancient capital based at Lapaha (Mu‘a). According to both Samoan and Tongan scholars, the first King (or ruler) of Tonga was Tu‘i Tonga ‘Aho‘eitu, the son of Samoan paramount chief, Tagaloa Aitumatupua (known in Tonga as Tangaloa ‘Eitumatupu‘a) and Tongan noblewoman, ‘Ilaheva Va‘epopua.
Samoa came into Tonga's sphere of influence when the 11th Tu‘i Tonga Tu‘itātu‘i wanted to expand their rule outside of Tonga in the 10th century, beginning with Samoa, where the decline of the Tui Manu‘a Empire, they brought their faction there, only excluding the Manu‘a Island Group of Samoa due to their sacredness to Tongan Kings. Their conquest of Samoa was successful, obtaining the islands of Savai‘i, Apolima, Manono, ‘Upolu and Tutuila, not only that the Tongan conquest was successful, but it saw an potential within the Samoan islands and the empire. Samoans were given a high status by and within Tonga, where the Tu‘i Tonga would marry with Samoan noblewomen. Tongan influence in Samoa was predominately felt across, with Tongan forts being built, one commonly known forts are still seen in Tutuila. Tongan dominance in Samoa was peaceful that the empire became allegedly Samoan, and the Tongan Kings became ethnically Samoans, with many Tu‘i Tonga residing in Samoa such as the later Tu‘i Tonga Ka‘ulufonua I and II, Puipuifatu, Vakafuhu, Tapuosi. It is said that they were more Samoan than Tongan.
Tu‘i Tonga Empire being expelled from Samoa
In 1250, the Tuʻi Tonga Empire of Tonga began to decline during the reign of the 15th Tuʻi Tonga Talakaifaiki (known in Samoa as Tui Toga Talaʻaifeiʻi) who resided at Safotu on the Island of Savaiʻi in Samoa.
In ancient times the Samoans had a ruler over each District and although they were called a King, they were not in control of the whole of the Islands. It was during this time that the Tongans came to and gained the mastery of Samoa. Their leader was the King of Tonga who was named Tuʻi Tonga Talakaifaiki (Tui Toga Tala'aifei'i in Samoan). They came with a strong force and settled at Safotu in Savaiʻi. They sent instructions throughout Samoa that the Samoans must build them a stone road round a cape named Matauea on the eastern side of Safotu. The Samoans obeyed the instruction and during the making of the road the builders came across a huge boulder which hindered the work. Tui Toga Talaʻaifeiʻi had noted the energy of two brothers from Mulifanua, named Tuna and Fata and they conmanded them to remove the stone or forfeit their lives. They undertook to remove the stone although it seemed to be an impossible task. They first of all visited their family in Upolu and returned to Savaiʻi with a nephew named Ulumasui who would assist them in the task. Ulumasui lived in Falelatai and they landed at Matautu with their uncles when they accompanied them to Savaiʻi. From Matautu they walked to Safotu and on the way Ulumasui went to a swamp at the back of Manase and caught two eels which they placed with some mud under the stone blocking the road. They then went to the reef and caught an octopus and placed this also under the stone together with some salt water. The eels and the octopus burrowed under the stone and ultimately overturned it. Ulumasui and Fata and Tuna then rolled the stone out of the way to a spot indicated by the Tongan King. This stone may still be seen today.
The two brothers and Ulumasui now returned to their homes in Upolu. Shortly after this, Tui Toga Talaʻaifeiʻi paid a visit to Upolu with their followers. They landed at Sagafili, Aʻana District, and left their boat anchored. When Fata and Tuna noticed the anchored and empty boat they swam out and took away the pole by which it was anchored. This pole was made of the wood of the Toa tree and Fata and Tuna made two fighting clubs out of it when they returned to their homes at Falelatai. The place where the boys carved these clubs is still known as Asoto. When the clubs were finished the boys journed further along the coast testing the clubs. The spot where they tested them was and is still called Aso Alaala (testing day.) When the boys returned to their home and hung up their clubs the people crowded round to look at the weapons. Fata and Tuna told them to sit down if they desired to view the clubs and the place was from then known as Matanofo which means “to sit down and look at.”
The idea behind the actions of Tuna and Fata was the winning back for Samoa, the control of their own country. When they heard that the Tongan King was proceeding round Samoa towards the east, they followed and overtook them at Aleipata. When they arrived they buried their clubs on the Malae (open village space) and together with their nephew Ulumasui and another chief named Tapuloa they made arrangements for an attack on the Tongan King on the morrow. It was decided to give dances ostensibly as a welcome to the King and at a signal. During the dances, the Samoans were to fall on the Tongans and slaughter them. Tuna and Tapuloa were to fight along the north coast of Upolu, and Fata and Ulumasui along the south coast and they were to meet at Fatuosofia.
The following morning everything was done as arranged and during the dancing the dancers sang “Matamatame, Matamatame, lue le ulu, sae le vae, ia tele le ta ia Toga e (meaning nod the head, lift a leg, strike a heavy blow against the Tongans.) The Tongans were all watching them dancing when suddenly the Samoans recovered their clubs from the ground and fell on them. After furious fighting, the Tongans fled, some along the north coast and some around the south coast of Upolu. Tuna and Tapuloa who had been fighting along the north coast reached Fatuosofia first because Fata and Ulumasui were stopped by the ghost at Faleseela and could not cross the mountain while the sun was in the west. If they had attempted to do so they would have been unable to get past the ghost “Lema” who was puled of the mountains and was very merciless. Fata and Ulumasui slept the night at Saefu, Faleseela as they were warned to do by the ghost. They started out to cross the mountains in the morning and as the sun was behind them when they reached the mountain tops, their shadows were thrown before them. The ghost Lema mistook the shadows of Fata and Ulmaasui for the substance and aimed a tremendous blow at the shadows. The club falling on the ground split the mountains in two. Whilst this was happening Ulumasui slipped round to the back of the ghost and cut their head off. They threw the head over to a place in Falelatai and the proof of these happenings are still visible at the present time. When Fata and Ulumasui reached Fatuosofia, the Tongans were driven into the sea. Tui Toga Talaʻaifeiʻi stood on a rock opposite Fatuosofia and called out to the Samoans “Malie toa! Malie tau!” (well fought brave warriors.) They added that they would never again visit Samoa except as a visitor and this promise has been kept right down to the present day. The name of the rock on which the King of Tonga stood to give their parting message was named Tulatala and the words are still used by the Samoan orators. Shortly after this, the brothers Tuna and Fata quarreled as to who should be the holder of the title Malietoa, which had been adopted as the title of the leader in Samoa. The dispute developed into a fight with clubs and ultimately both men fell exhausted. A third brother Savea came forward and standing with a foot on each of the fallen brothers prayed for their restoration to consciousness. This came to pass hence the Samoan saying Talolua Tuna ma Fata (a prayer for Tuna and Fata) and also the saying Saveatuvaelua (Savea stands on both feet) Savea thus was appointed to be the first Malietoa and was known as Malietoa Savea.
Samoan influence on present day Tonga
In a civil war that erupted in Samoa on the island of Upolu, Ama Lele, a Samoan war chief from the village of Lotofaga who was leader of the Sa Ama clan, was defeated and left Samoa for Tonga with many of their warriors and followers.
Ama had a son named Peseta and a daughter named Tohuʻia Limapo, engaged to the 6th Tuʻi Haʻa Takalaua Moʻunga ʻo Tonga. Limapo traveled with a large wedding party, which consisted of the Ama family and warriors under the charge of Ama Lele. The king and Limapo had a son named Ngata (Gata in Samoan) whom the Samoans in Tonga, along with Tuʻi Haʻa Takalaua Moʻunga ʻo Tonga, installed as the king of Hihifo (Sisifo in Samoan) district on Tongatapu, on behalf of the Tuʻi Tonga. They were also installed as a sacred Samoan chief on Tongan soil - Tui Aʻano Upolu (Tu'i Kanokupolu - the flesh of Upolu, Samoa). Their district became a separate kingdom in Tonga. The Samoans introduced and implemented their traditions into the Tongan culture such as the Samoan matai system (chief system).
The Tu'i Kanokupolu are the current rulers of the Kingdom of Tonga.
See also
Foreign relations of Samoa
Foreign relations of Tonga
References
External links
The Tongans in Samoa
Bilateral relations of Tonga
Bilateral relations of Samoa
Touché: The Adventures of the Fifth Musketeer is a point-and-click graphic adventure game developed by the Clipper Software.
The game takes place in 1562, during the French Wars of Religion, when France was being polarized between the Catholics and Huguenots and expected an assault from the English. The protagonist is Geoffroi Le Brun who is recruited to a company of musketeers (the historical Musketeers of the Guard were not created until 1622) in Rouen. The adventure continues through France including St. Quentin, Le Mans, Amiens and Le Havre.
Gameplay
Touché is a typical context-based point-and-click adventure game. The player character moves around by clicking on the selected spot on the landscape. Certain objects have their own set of commands, each causing Geoffroi to behave accordingly. Most puzzles require the combination of an acquired item with an object in the environment.
Plot
As Geoffroi arrives to Rouen, they witness the murder of William de Peuple, Compte d'Itee, whose will and testament was stolen. They promise to the dying Compte to find their stolen will and deliver it to Paris, bequeathing their castle to the Chancellor. Early on they meet Henri, a crook who stood nearby posing as a blind beggar during the murder, and is forced to hire them as their manservant. They follow the band who murdered the Compte in a tavern but they are hit, allowing them to escape. During their stay there they fall in love with Juliette, a selfish and promiscuous maiden who is courted by D'Artagnan.
Geoffroi learns that a suspicious man who paid with "Spanish coins" left for St. Quentin. They go there, and in the Cathedral of "St. Greavsie" they meet Louis, the "Cardinal of Guise"; they inform them that their brother, Francis, the Duke of Guise is preparing to lead the French forces against an English assault and de Peuple's castle is to defend the way from Le Havre. While there, they also meet a poet named Alexandre Dumas who composes a love poem for Juliette. On their way, Geoffroi learns that the murderer never reached St. Quentin as they suffered from food poisoning and stopped in the closest monastery in Amiens. Geoffroi attempts to arrest them but the murderer escapes, leaving behind the will, which Geoffroi recovers. But on their way back to Rouen, they are robbed by a highwayman. Geoffroi traces the criminal to Le Mans, and a florist shop housing an underground network of illegal gambling and prostitution; it ends up that the highwayman lost the will to a card game, and it was in turn stolen by gypsy bandits. Dressed as the highwayman, Geoffroi is captured by the gypsies but manages to trade for the will.
In Paris, Geoffroi finds Le Louvre which houses the office of the Chancellor of France; seeing that they are acquainted with Juliette's sister, they seek their help to make an appointment with them and deliver the will. But then, Cardinal Louis arrives and claims the will, revealing that they are interested in the magic books in de Peuple's castle. Geoffroi then goes to join with their regiment in Le Havre, trying to hold the English forces; they meet a contact who provides them with maps of the enemy lines. Geoffroi returns to the Rouen and the Cathedral and witnesses the Cardinal attempting to start a magick ceremony involving the remains of Charles V of France. Geoffroi switches the lids of the tombs of Charles V and Richard the Lionheart, and when the Cardinal returns, they recover the remains of Richard. Later Geoffroi meets an inventor, "Michelangelo da Vinci" who claims they are the nephew of Leonardo; with Geoffroi's help, they complete a steam boat, with which they sail the Seine and arrives to the castle of de Peuple.
Geoffroi finds the Duke of Guise holding a feast and Juliette forcing to serve the drinks. With their help, they poison the participants, causing them to leave for the restroom. Geoffroi finds a secret passage and confronts the Cardinal who attempts to create an undead army to save France and then rule it. The ritual fails as they use the remains of the wrong King. Geoffroi releases the hypnotized Juliette and Henri, and force the Cardinal and their men to jump into the Seine.
De Peuple's will mentions a lost son who has a strawberry birthmark. Geoffroi, an orphan, believes that they are the heir, but Henri reveals they have the birthmark on the correct spot, inheriting the castle and Juliette staying with him. The game ends with Henri and Julliette bragging about their riches, with an annoyed Geoffroi lamenting their misfortune.
Technical details
Touché was developed in the "Touché" game engine. It is supported by the ScummVM virtual engine.
It was also released as a CD-ROM version with full voiceover.
Reception
German magazine High Score awarded the game a 100/100 comparing it with The Dig and Simon the Sorcerer. Quandary described it an "enjoyable adventure" comparing it to Monkey Island giving it 80/100.
Adventurearchiv praised its humor but criticized the lengthy, uninterruptable travel sequences, and the quality of some jokes and puzzles. Just Adventure praised the "terrific story worthy of Alexandre Dumas". These reviews gave a 76 and 75 score respectively.
Aventura y Cía said that the game could be called "Monkey Island 3", because of the similarity to the Monkey Island games, remarking that it doesn't reach the quality of similar productions, giving a score of 60.
Reset gave the game a score of 50, criticizing the character creation and the soundtrack, calling the game outdated.
See also
The Three Musketeers, 1844 novel by Alexander Dumas
Igor: Objective Uikokahonia
Notes
References
External links
1995 video games
Adventure games
DOS games
Point-and-click adventure games
ScummVM-supported games
U.S. Gold games
Video games scored by Ben Daglish
Video games set in the 16th century
Video games set in France
Video games set in Paris
Windows games
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
Bersih rally may refer to:
2007 Bersih rally
2011 Bersih 2.0 rally
2012 Bersih 3.0 rally
2015 Bersih 4 rally
2016 Bersih 5 rally
Protests in Malaysia
Highdown Gardens are gardens on the western edge of the town of Worthing, close to the village of Ferring and the National Trust archaeological site Highdown Hill, in West Sussex, England. Overlooking the sea from the South Downs, they contain a collection of rare plants and trees, collectively a national collection. The gardens are owned and maintained by Worthing Borough Council with free admission.
Created from a chalk quarry where there was little soil and unfavourable conditions for plant growth, the Chalk Garden at Highdown is the achievement of Sir Frederick Stern (1884–1967) and their wife, who purchased the in 1909 and worked for 50 years to show that plants would grow on chalk.
The gardens were created during a period when expeditions were going to China and the Himalayas collecting rare and interesting plants. Many of the original plants from the early collections are in the garden today, particularly plants collected by Reginald Farrer and Ernest Henry Wilson.
On the death of Sir Frederick in 1967, aged 83, Lady Stern carried out their wishes and left the gardens to Worthing Borough Council.
During spring and early summer there is a succession of flowering bulbs: snowdrops, crocus, anemones and daffodils, followed by paeonies and bearded iris.
References
External links
Official website
1909 establishments in England
Gardens in West Sussex
Tourist attractions in West Sussex
Worthing
Nosferatu is the eleventh album by Popol Vuh and was released as the original motion picture soundtrack of Nosferatu: Phantom der Nacht by director Werner Herzog. It was originally released in 1978. In 2004 SPV re-released the album with a slightly different track list and adding four tracks originally released on the Popol Vuh album Brüder des Schattens – Söhne des Lichts.
Track listing
"Mantra" – 6:14
"Morning Sun Rays" – 3:20
"Venus Principle" – 4:39
"Mantra II" – 5:22
"Auf dem Weg - On the Way" - 3:20 (bonus track - only on vinyl reissue)
"On the Way" – 4:02
"Through Pain To Heaven" – 3:46
"To a Little Way" – 2:34
"Zwiesprache der Rohrflöte mit der Sängerin" – 3:20
"Die Nacht der Himmel" – 4:50
"Der Ruf der Rohrflöte" – 3:39
CD and vinyl reissues altered this track listing slightly.
Personnel
Florian Fricke – piano, Moog synthesizer
Daniel Fichelscher – E-guitar, acoustic guitar, percussion
Guest musicians
Robert Eliscu – oboe
Alois Gromer – sitar
Ted de Jong – tamboura
A chorus from Munich
Credits
Recorded at Bavaria Studio, Munich, August 1978
Produced by Gerhard Augustin
Notes
Swedish progressive death metal band Opeth has been known to use "Through Pain to Heaven" as their entrance music for live concerts.
References
External links
http://www.furious.com/perfect/populvuh.html (Comprehensive article & review of every album, in English)
https://web.archive.org/web/20080119184752/http://www.enricobassi.it/popvuhdiscografia70.htm (featuring the original credits)
http://www.venco.com.pl/~acrux/nosferat.htm
1978 soundtrack albums
Albums produced by Gerhard Augustin
Horror film soundtracks
Nosferatu
Popol Vuh (band) soundtracks
The 1954 Edmonton Eskimos finished in 1st place in the Western Interprovincial Football Union with an 11–5 record and won the 42nd Grey Cup, the first championship in franchise history.
Pre-season
Schedule
Regular season
Standings
Schedule
Playoffs
Grey Cup
References
Edmonton Elks seasons
Grey Cup championship seasons
N. J. Taylor Trophy championship seasons
Edmonton Eskimos
1954 Canadian football season by team
Richard Gascoigne ( 27 May 1579 — 23 August 1661 24 March 1664) was an English antiquarian.
Biography
Gascoigne was baptised on 27 May 1579 at St Mary the Virgin, Shenfield, Essex. They were the fourth son of George Gascoigne (1531?–1620), a barrister and their wife Mary (; daughter of John Stokesley). At one point George had been of Old Hurst, Huntingdonshire. Their family was ultimately descended from one Nicholas Gascoigne, younger brother of Chief Justice Sir William Gascoigne (c. 1350–1419). Richard Gascoigne was also distantly related to Thomas Wentworth, 1st Earl of Strafford, a relation they took some pride in.
Gascoigne attended Jesus College, Cambridge as a pensioner, admitted on 21 October 1594 and graduating in the Lent term of 1599. They were forced to leave in September 1599 due to health troubles, later claiming they would have stayed on otherwise and become a fellow.
Gascoigne resided, for most of their life, in Bramham Biggan, Yorkshire; near the end, they moved to Little Turnstile, Lincoln's Inn Fields in London. Gascoigne often found themselves in poverty during their life, incarcerated several times in debtor's prisons. They married one Elizabeth Colles at an unknown date. They took on John, a son of their elder brother, Sir Nicholas, as a ward at some point.
Gascoigne composed their will on 23 August 1661. This will make no mention of Elizabeth, suggesting they had predeceased them at that point, but disparaged their ward, John at length for apparently causing their financial troubles. The will was probated by their landlady Frances Dimmock on 24 March 1664, who was also named as their executor and residuary legatee. Their date of death is not known, but must have been between when their will was composed and probated.
Work
Gascoigne was a pedigree-maker, compiling such documents for their Yorkshire relatives and neighbours. They charged high fees for this work, apparently not always to great success; in their will, they complain of an outstanding debt from Sir Thomas Darby over one £100 pedigree. This pedigree was eventually pawned to Dimmock for £30.
Legacy
During their lifetime, Gascoigne spent much time and money collecting antiquarian documents. In their will, they left their collection of books to Jesus College, Cambridge. Fifty-seven titles still remain at that College, alongside a personal memorandum from Gascoigne, giving instructions to future conservators. One work, Augustine Vincent's 1621 annotated copy of Ralph Brooke's work on the English nobility, they specifically noted as of considerable value.
Gascoigne also left a sizable collection of pedigrees and seals to their cousin, Thomas; their portrait of Lord Strafford to Dimmock; and the rest of their manuscripts, books, and transcripts to William Wentworth, 2nd Earl of Strafford. Strafford kept them at their country house, Wentworth Woodhouse, until 1695, when they bequeathed them in their will to their nephew, Thomas Watson-Wentworth. These thereafter passed to their son, also named Thomas Watson-Wentworth. The younger Watson-Wentworth burnt a large portion of Gascoigne's manuscripts when they were about to be created Baron Malton. This destruction, eyewitness Norroy King of Arms William Oldys recorded in their diary, was encouraged by Watson-Wentworth's attorney, who feared the pedigrees could harm their client's claim to the Wentworth-Woodhouse estate.
Oldys's diary also reveals the respect in which Gascoigne's work was held by Oldys's peers, and the horror at the "literary holocaust" that Watson-Wentworth committed. Of the "six or seven great chests full of the said deeds, &c, some of them as old as the conquest", Oldys managed to rescue a small number of rolls and manuscripts, and a smaller number of these have survived to the present day, held among collections in Yorkshire, London, and Oxford.
References
1579 births
Alumni of Jesus College, Cambridge
English antiquarians
People from Shenfield
This is a list of rivers in Niger. This list is arranged by drainage basin, with respective tributaries indented under each larger stream's name.
Gulf of Guinea
Niger River
Sokoto River (Nigeria)
Rima River (Nigeria)
Goulbi de Maradi River
Mékrou River
Dallol Maouri
Dallol Bosso
Vallée de l'Azaouak
Vallée de l'Ahzar
Oued Ti-n-Amzi
Tapoa River
Goroubi River
Sirba River
Dargol River
Béli River (Gorouol River)
Lake Chad
Yobe River
Dilia River
References
Prentice-Hall, Inc., American World Atlas 1985
GEOnet Names Server
Niger
Rivers
Star Tannery is an unincorporated community in southwestern Frederick County, Virginia on the Shenandoah County line. Star Tannery is located on Star Tannery Road (State Route 604) off Wardensville Pike (State Route 55) along Cedar Creek. The Zip Code for Star Tannery is 22654.
References
Unincorporated communities in Frederick County, Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
The Crimean Peninsula (at the time known as Taurica) was under partial control of the Roman Empire during the period of 47 BC to c. 340 AD.
The territory under Roman control mostly coincided with the Bosporan Kingdom (although under Nero, from 62 to 68 AD; it was briefly attached to the Roman Province of Moesia Inferior).
Rome lost its influence in Taurica in the mid third century AD, when substantial parts of the peninsula fell to the Goths, but at least nominally the kingdom survived until the 340s AD. The Eastern Roman Empire, the eastern part of the Roman Empire that survived the loss of the western part of the empire, later regained Crimea under Justinian I. The Byzantine Empire controlled portions of the peninsula well into the Late Middle Ages.
Roman Empire
Rome started to dominate the Crimea peninsula (then called Taurica) in the 1st century BC. The initial area of their penetration was mainly in eastern Crimea (Bosporus kingdom) and in the western Greek city of Chersonesos. The interior was only nominally under Roman rule.
In ancient times Crimea was known as "Chersonesus Taurica", from the name of the Tauri, who were descendants of the Cimmerians. Many Greek colonists settled in Taurica: their most renowned colony was Chersonesos. In 114 BC the Bosporus kingdom accepted the overlordship of Mithridates VI Eupator, king of Pontus, as a protection from tribes of Scythians. For nearly five centuries after the defeat of Mithridates by the Roman Pompey, Crimea was under the suzerainty of Rome.
The main Roman settlement was Charax, a castrum probably built around 60–65, and the main naval Roman base was in Chersonesos.
When the Romans arrived at Taurica, they set up their camp and built a fortress and a temple of Jupiter Dolichenus on the coast of the harbor of Balaklava, then called Symbolon Limen.
Tiberius Julius Aspurgus (8 BC – 38) founded a line of Bosporan Kings which endured with some interruptions until 341. Originally called Aspurgus, they adopted the Roman names "Tiberius Julius" because they received Roman citizenship and enjoyed the patronage of the first two Roman Emperors, Augustus and Tiberius. All of the following kings adopted these two Roman names followed by a third name, mostly of Pontic, Thracian or Sarmatian origin. Bosporan kings struck coinage throughout the kingdom period, which included gold staters bearing portraits of the respective Roman Emperors.
In 67, Emperor Nero prepared a military expedition to conquer for Rome all the northern shores of the Black Sea from the Caucasus to what is now Romania-Moldova-Ukraine, but their death stopped the project. For this reason they probably put Taurica under direct Roman rule and created the Charax castrum. They extended the Roman province of Lower Moesia to Tyras, Olbia and Taurica (the peninsula of Crimea).
Taurica enjoyed a relative golden period under Roman leadership during the 2nd century AD, with huge commerce of wheat, clothing, wine and slaves.
The region was temporarily conquered by the Goths in 250. The last client king of the Roman Empire in Taurica was Tiberius Julius Rhescuporis VI, who died in 342. Rhescuporis seems to have minted coins as late as 341, indicating that there was some extent of political control over the remnants of the kingdom at this point. The remnants of the Bosporan kingdom were finally swept away with the invasion of the Huns in 375/6.
Charax
The largest Roman military settlement in Taurica was Charax. It was sited on a four-hectare area at the western ridge of "Ai Todor", close to the modern Yalta castle of Swallow's Nest.
When in 62–66 AD the Roman garrisons were installed in Taurica, Charax became one of their strongholds. The Romans built a fortress and stationed a sub-unit (vexillatio) of the "Ravenna squadron". Charax was a very important strategic point, because it allowed the Romans to establish control over the navigation along the Crimean coast.
The military camp was fully developed under Vespasian with the intention of protecting Chersonesos and other Bosporean trade emporiums from the Scythians. By the end of the 1st century, the Roman forces were evacuated from the Crimea peninsula.
Several decades later the camp was restored by a vexillatio of the Legio I Italica: it hosted a detachment of the Legio XI Claudia at the end of the 2nd century. In this century, new stone walls were added to the fortress and a new Roman road was built, connecting Charax to Chersonesos.
The camp was abandoned by the Romans at the end of the 3rd century.
Roman client kings
These are the Roman client kings of the Bosporan Kingdom:
Pharnaces 64 BC – 47 BC
Mithridates I 47 BC – 44 BC
Asander 47 BC, then 44 BC – 17 BC
Scribonius 17 BC – 16 BC
Dynamis with Asander 47 BC, then 44 BC – 17 BC, then with Polemon from 16 BC until their death in 14 BC
Polemon I 16 BC – 8 BC
Aspurgus 8 BC – 38 AD
Rhescuporis I 14 – 42 AD
Polemon II 38 – 41 AD
Mithridates II 42 – 46 AD
Cotys I 46 – 78
Roman Province 63 – 68
Rhescuporis II 78 – 93
Sauromates I 93 – 123
Cotys II 123 – 131
Rhoemetalces 131 – 153
Eupator 154 – 170
Sauromates II 172 – 210
Rhescuporis III 211 – 228
Cotys III 228 – 234
Sauromates III 229 – 232
Rhescuporis IV 233 – 234
Chedosbios 233 – 234 (?)
Ininthimeus 234 – 239
Rhescuporis V 240 – 276
Pharsanzes 253 – 254
Teiranes 276 – 278
Sauromates IV 276
Theothorses 279 – 309
Rhadamsades 309 – 322
Rhescuporis VI 314 – 341
Episcopal sees
Ancient episcopal sees of Roman Crimea (Zechia) that are listed in the Annuario Pontificio as titular sees include:
Bosporus, Byzantine? Archbishopric
Chersonesus in Zechia
Matrega
Nicopsis (Tuapse)
Phulli (Stary Krym), ?Archbishopric
Soldaia
Sugdaea
Tanais
Byzantine Empire
The Byzantine Empire (Eastern Roman Empire) re-established Roman control of the region under Emperor Justinian I ().
In the 6th century, probably at the end of the reign of Justinian I, the status of Roman Crimea changed. Taurica became the Province of Chersonesos, which also included Bosporos and the southern coast of Crimea.
This enlargement of Byzantine Taurica resulted in the elevation of the ranks of its governors. In the second half of the 6th century, the military and civil authorities in the region were entrusted to the military deputy, "doux Chersonos".
Furthermore, the city of Chersonnesos was used by the Romans as a place of banishment: St. Clement of Rome died there in exile in 99 AD, having first preached the Gospel in the region. Another exile, the Emperor Justinian II, spent the years to there - after they returned to power (in 705) they allegedly destroyed the city in revenge.
Most of Roman Crimea fell under Khazar overlordship in the late 7th century.
In the mid-8th century the Khazars put down the rebellious Crimean Goths and their city, Doros (modern Mangup), was occupied. A Khazar tudun (ruler) was resident at Chersonesos already in 690, despite the fact that this town was nominally subject to the Byzantine Empire. The Byzantine emperors controlled the southern shores of the Crimea peninsula (the theme of Cherson) until the 13th century. Control then passed to the Empire of Trebizond, one of the successor states to the Byzantine Empire after the sack of Constantinople in 1204. Another offshoot, the Crimea-based Principality of Theodoro, endured from the 14th century until 1475, when the Ottoman Empire conquered it.
Many series of Roman coins survive from the 1st century BC to about 300, and also some from the Byzantine period.
See also
History of Crimea
Strait of Kerch
List of Kings of Cimmerian Bosporus
Notes
Bibliography
Crimea
Ancient history of Ukraine
Ancient Crimea
1st-century BC establishments in the Roman Republic
340 disestablishments
340s disestablishments in the Roman Empire
States and territories established in the 1st century BC
States and territories disestablished in the 4th century
Ukraine in the Roman era
The Art Institute of Charlotte was a for-profit art school in Charlotte, North Carolina. It was briefly operated as a non-profit institution before it closed in 2018. The school was one of a number of Art Institutes, a franchise of for-profit art colleges with many branches in North America, owned and operated by Education Management Corporation. EDMC owned the college from 1999 until 2017, when, facing significant financial problems and declining enrollment, the company sold the Art Institute of Charlotte, along with 30 other Art Institute schools, to Dream Center Education, a Los Angeles-based Pentecostal organization. Dream Center permanently closed 18 Art Institute schools, including the Art Institute of Charlotte, at the end of 2018.
History
Founded in 1973 as the American Business & Fashion Institute, the college joined The Art Institutes system of schools in 1999 and changed its name to The Art Institute of Charlotte. The Art Institute of Charlotte was located at 2110 Water Ridge Parkway in Charlotte, North Carolina and is accredited by The Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Colleges (SACSCOC).
On December 28, 2018, the Art Institute of Charlotte closed.
Media
Some of The Art Institute of Charlotte's students, alumni and professors have been interviewed or profiled in media outlets such as The Charlotte Observer, The San Jose Mercury News, and NBC affiliate WCNC-TV.
References
External links
Art schools in North Carolina
Charlotte
Cooking schools in the United States
Educational institutions established in 1973
Educational institutions disestablished in 2018
Private universities and colleges in North Carolina
Universities and colleges in Charlotte, North Carolina
1973 establishments in North Carolina
2018 disestablishments in North Carolina
Lazarus Kaimbi (born 12 August 1988) is a Namibian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Liga 1 side Madura United.
Club career
Kaimbi joined South African club Jomo Cosmos from Ramblers F.C. of Namibia in November 2006.
On November 9, they scored the 3 goals in the 2014 Thai FA Cup final against Chonburi, to help Bangkok Glass to win their first ever Thai FA Cup trophy. This was considered a huge upset considering that Chonburi had just missed out on the League title and Bangkok Glass came into the match with the statistically the worst defense in Thailand's top division.
In June 2018, Kaimbi signed with Malaysia Super League team Kelantan, and made their debut on 5 June in a league match against Kedah.He leaves Kelantan FC in the end of season of 2020.
International career
As a member of the Namibia national football team, Kaimbi competed with the team at the 2008 Africa Cup of Nations. They scored twice in Namibia's win over Djibouti in the first round of African qualification for the 2014 FIFA World Cup in November 2011.
International goals
Scores and results list Namibia's goal tally first.
Honours
Bangkok Glass
Thai FA Cup
Winner(1) : 2014
Runner-up (1): 2013
References
5. https://m.facebook.com/rotpMY/posts/lazarus-kaimbi-pdrm-fc-transfer-confirmselepas-mengumumkan-bruno-suzuki-sebagai-/2890053507988440/
External links
Profile at Bangkok Glass Official Website
1988 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Windhoek
Namibian footballers
Namibia international footballers
2008 Africa Cup of Nations players
Jomo Cosmos F.C. players
Association football forwards
Namibian expatriate sportspeople in South Africa
Namibian expatriate footballers
Expatriate soccer players in South Africa
Ramblers F.C. players
Expatriate footballers in Thailand
Lazarus Kaimbi
Lazarus Kaimbi
Lazarus Kaimbi
Lazarus Kaimbi
Namibian expatriate sportspeople in Thailand
Henry Aloysius McDevitt (1904 – 4 January 1966) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician and barrister. They were elected, at their second attempt, to Dáil Éireann as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Donegal East constituency at the 1938 general election. They did not contest the 1943 general election.
McDevitt's grandson is Mark Reckless, former MP for Rochester and Strood in the UK Parliament (2010–2015), and was a Member of the Senedd (Welsh Parliament) for South Wales East, from 2016 to 2021.
References
1904 births
1966 deaths
Fianna Fáil TDs
Members of the 10th Dáil
Politicians from County Donegal
Irish barristers
20th-century Irish lawyers
Arab Kheyl or Arab Khil () may refer to:
Arab Kheyl, Amol
Arab Kheyl, Babolsar
Arab Kheyl, Chalus
Arab Kheyl, Sari
"That's Good, That's Bad" is a 1951 hit song sung by and written by Jo Stafford and Frankie Laine.
References
1951 songs
Frankie Laine songs
Peter Reitmayer (born 6 July 1993) is a Slovak former competitive figure skater. A two-time senior national champion, they represented Slovakia at the 2009 World Junior Championships, 2010 European Championships, and 2010 World Championships. They also competed at the 2009 Nebelhorn Trophy, the final qualifying opportunity for the 2010 Winter Olympics. Their placement, 21st, was not high enough to earn a spot at the Olympics.
Reitmayer is the son of Iveta Reitmayerová, a figure skating coach, and Peter Reitmayer, an alpine skier; the grandson of an ice hockey player, Jindrich; and the brother of Ivana Reitmayerová, a former figure skater.
Peter is currently a figure skater performing in shows on cruise ships.
Programs
Competitive highlights
References
External links
1993 births
Slovak male single skaters
Living people
Sportspeople from Košice
Carenum dispar is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by William John Macleay in 1869.
References
dispar
Beetles described in 1869
Herts/Middlesex 5 was a tier 13 English Rugby Union league that was organized by the London and South East Division Rugby Football Union. It was the fifth division competition for clubs in Hertfordshire and parts of north-west London that traditionally belonged to the historic county of Middlesex. The league was split into two regional divisions - Herts/Middlesex 5 North and Herts/Middlesex 5 - with promoted teams moving up to Herts/Middlesex 4 and there was no relegation as it was the lowest level in the region. Herts/Middlesex 5 only lasted one season before being discontinued, with all teams being transferred into Herts/Middlesex 4.
Original teams
When the division was created in 1996 it contained the following teams in two regional divisions:
Herts/Middlesex 5 North
Cuffley - transferred from Hertfordshire 1 (9th)
Hatfield - transferred from Hertfordshire 1 (11th)
Millfield Old Boys - N/A
Old Streetonians - N/A
Old Tottonians - transferred from Middlesex 3 (6th)
QEII Hospital - transferred from Hertfordshire 1 (10th)
St. Nicholas Old Boys - transferred from Middlesex 3 (5th)
Herts/Middlesex 5 South
British Airways - transferred from Middlesex 3 (10th)
GWR - transferred from Middlesex 4 (5th)
Meadhurst - transferred from Middlesex 4 (4th)
Middlesex Hospital - transferred from Middlesex 4 (runners-up)
Northolt - transferred from Middlesex 3 (8th)
Orleans FP - transferred from Middlesex 3 (9th)
Osterley - transferred from Middlesex 4 (6th)
Quintin - transferred from Middlesex 3 (8th)
Herts/Middlesex 5 honours
Number of league titles
Millfield Old Boys
Northolt (1)
See also
London & SE Division RFU
Hertfordshire RFU
Middlesex RFU
English rugby union system
Rugby union in England
Notes
References
13
Rugby union in Hertfordshire
Rugby union in Middlesex
Mollie Maureen (16 August 1904 – 26 January 1987) was an Irish actor who worked mainly in Britain.
Life and career
Maureen was born Elizabeth Mary Campfield in 1904 in Ireland.
Them acting career began in 1939, wherein they acted in a film entitled A Ship in the Bay.
Maureen mainly worked in television, with many minor and/or recurring roles in major shows such as Dr. Finlay's Casebook, Z-Cars, Open All Hours, Last of the Summer Wine and The Sweeney. They also appeared as an elderly lady in an episode of Hammer House of Mystery and Suspense. More prominently, from 1981 to 1983, they had various roles on the Kenny Everett Show.
Other television appearances included playing Lady Glenmire in the 1972 version of Elizabeth Gaskell's Cranford, alongside Pat Coombs.
They played Queen Victoria on two occasions on screen, one of them in The Private Life of Sherlock Holmes, the other in the mini-series The Edwardians.
Them last film appearance was the role of the violently eccentric Mr. F's Aunt in Christine Edzard's two-part adaptation of Little Dorrit, co-starring Joan Greenwood, Max Wall and Sir Alec Guinness.
They died in London, aged 82.
Selected TV and filmography
Little Dorrit as Mr. F's Aunt - 1987
The Comic Strip Presents... (episode: Consuela, or, the New Mrs Saunders) as Mrs Tattle - 1986
Travelling Man (episode: Hustler) - 1985
Hammer House of Horror and Suspense (episode: The Corvini Inheritance) as an elderly lady - 1985
Past Caring as Susan - 1985
Angels (2 episodes) as Miss Draper - 1983
Curse of the Pink Panther as Rich Old Lady - 1983
The Wicked Lady as Doll Skelton - 1983
The Kenny Everett Show (Various Roles) - 1981–1983
Open All Hours (episode: The Cool Cocoa Tin Lid) as Old Woman - 1982
The Setbacks (7 episodes) as Gran - 1981
Great Expectations (3 episodes) as Sarah Pocket - 1981
A Chance to Sit Down as Landlady - 1981
Shoestring (episode: The Farmer had a Wife) as Mother Superior - 1980
Oh Happy Band (episode: Let Bygones be Bygones) - 1980
Born and Bred (episode: C'est si bon) as Mildred - 1980
ITV Playhouse (episode: Hands) as Mrs Spinks - 1980
All Creatures Great and Small (episode: Will to Live) as Alice Temple - 1980
The Orchard End Murder as Old Lady at Station - 1980
Play for Today (episode: Chance of a Lifetime) as Old Mrs. Gallagher - 1980
Danger UXB (episode: Dead Man's Shoes) as Old Woman - 1979
The Hound of the Baskervilles as Mrs Oviatt - 1978
Spearhead (episode: Suspect) as Old Woman - 1978
Jabberwocky as Head Nun (uncredited) - 1977
Beryl's Lot as Mrs Pargeter - 1977
Doctor on the Go (episode: I Love Paris... When I get there) as Sister Murphy - 1977
Happy Ever After (episode: Old Folks' Party) as Mrs. Turner - 1976
Angels (episode: Celebration) as Ellen - 1976
The Return of the Pink Panther as Little Old Lady - 1975
Crossroads as Granny Fraser - 1975
The Sweeney (episode: The Placer) as the Old Woman - 1975
The Venturers (episode: Gilt Edged) as Mrs. Norwood - 1975
Z-Cars (episode: House to House) as Mrs. Best - 1974
Callan as Old Lady in the Strand - 1974
Last of the Summer Wine (episode: The New Mobile Trio) as Walter's Mother - 1973
Crown Court (episode: No Smoke Without Fire Part 1) as Nellie Kent - 1973
Armchair 30 (episode: Ross Evan's Story) as Old Lady - 1973
Follyfoot (episode: The Distant Voice) as Mrs. Padgett - 1973
Owen, M.D. (episode: The Witch of Addington) as Mrs. Gudle - 1973
The Fenn Street Gang (episode: Is Anybody There?) as Lady in Church - 1973
The Edwardians (episode: Daisy) as Queen Victoria - 1973
Cranford (4 episodes) as Lady Glenmire - 1972
Sykes (episode: Marriage) as Muriel - 1972
Clochemerle (4 episodes) as Madame Lagousse - 1972
Spyder's Web (episode: Romance on Wheels) as Mrs. Danvers - 1972
Bachelor Father (episode: Gently Does it) as Great-Aunt Freda - 1971
Public Eye (episode: Who Wants to Be Told Bad News?) as Miss Bain - 1971
The Private Life of Sherlock Holmes as Queen Victoria - 1970
External links
1904 births
1987 deaths
English people of Irish descent
Irish people of English descent
English film actores
English television actores
Irish film actores
Irish television actores
20th-century English actores
20th-century Irish actores
Kiriti may refer to:
Kiriti (Arjuna) (one of the names of Arjuna)
Kiriti (settlement)
Robin Chapman Chow (born December 17, 1957) is an American former competitive judoka.
Early life and education
Chapman was born in Pittsburgh and first competed nationally in judo for the University of Pittsburgh.
Career
Chapman was a 5-time medalist in U.S. national judo championships, gold medalist in 1981 and 1983.
In international competition, they were a 6-time medalist. They won a gold medal at the 1983 Pan American Games in the Women's Half Middleweight class, and placed 5th in their class in the 1982 Women's World Judo Championships.
Personal life
In 1988, Chapman married Greg Chow, an orthopedist and fellow judoka. They have three children, all whom qualified at the 2008 Olympic trials, and live in Honolulu, where they assist at Hawaii Tenri Judo Club under Hiroshi Toriyumi.
References
Living people
1957 births
American female judoka
Sportspeople from Pittsburgh
University of Pittsburgh alumni
Pan American Games gold medalists for the United States
Judoka at the 1983 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1983 Pan American Games
Pan American Games medalists in judo
The Camolin Cavalry was a mounted yeomanry unit drawn from the area around the village of Camolin, Wexford, Ireland. It was a part of this unit, commanded by Lieutenant Bookey, which encountered Father John Murphy's small band of rebels at The Battle of the Harrow in the parish of Kilcormick on the evening of 26 May 1798.
History of County Wexford
Ken Cameron (born 1946) is an Australian film and television director and writer. Cameron was born in Tenterfield, New South Wales, Australia and graduated from Sydney University with BA in 1968. They have won two AFI Awards for directing.
Filmography
The Strip (2008) TV
White Collar Blue (2002) TV
My Brother Jack (2001) (TV)
Halifax f.p: A Person of Interest (2000) TV
Secret Men's Business (1999) TV
Miracle at Midnight (1998) TV
Payback (1997) TV
Dalva (1996) TV
Bordertown (1995) TV mini-series
Oldest Living Confederate Widow Tells All (1994) TV
Joh's Jury (1993) TV
Brides of Christ (1991) TV mini-series
Police Crop: The Winchester Conspiracy (1990) TV
Bangkok Hilton (1989) TV mini-series
The Clean Machine (1988) TV
Stringer (1988) TV series
The Umbrella Woman (1987)
Crime of the Decade (1984) TV
Fast Talking (1984)
On the Loose (1984) - writer only
Monkey Grip (1982)
Temperament Unsuited (1978) - short
Out of It (1977)
Unmade films
Matilda, My Darling - story of Waltzing Matilda
References
External links
Australian film directors
1946 births
Living people
Hypergol Maintenance Facility (HMF) is a rocket fuel and engine center located in an isolated location in the Kennedy Space Center industrial area. It was constructed in 1964 to support the Apollo program and upgraded in 1985 to support the Space Shuttle program. The facility was used for storage and processing of the hypergolic propellants used in the Space Shuttle's reaction control system, Orbital Maneuvering System, and auxiliary power units which were used to provide hydraulic power to the shuttle's control surfaces, main engines and brakes. The facility was previously used for cryogenic testing during the Apollo program and Solid Rocket Booster aft skirt hot-testing.
The facility includes:
multiple hypergol storage buildings
a Hazardous Waste Staging Shelter,
a Hazardous Waste Staging Area (formerly the Liquid Oxygen Fuel Pad)
a Liquid Hydrogen Fuel Pad (no longer used)
Temporary Storage and Disposal Facility (used from 1981 to 1998, now used for equipment storage)
leaching ponds and equipment shelters.
The full name for the facility is Hypergol Maintenance Facility Hazardous Waste South Staging Area.
Contamination
Soil tests in 1998 found surface soil to be contaminated with polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), trichlorofluoromethane (TCFM) and aluminum. Tests in 2002 found vinyl chloride soil content to be above acceptable levels and of soil was removed as a temporary solution.
References
Buildings and structures in Merritt Island, Florida
Kennedy Space Center
Space Shuttle program
Anneliese Müller (8 August 1911 – 5 April 2011) was a German operatic alto and mezzo-soprano.
Life
Müller began their artistic career in the choir of the Stadttheater Halberstadt. There they got a contract as a soloist in 1939. In 1945 they changed to the Staatsoper Berlin. At the reopening of the house after the Second World War they sang the title role in Gluck's Orfeo ed Euridice. Later they were appointed Kammersängerin. They left the stage in 1966.
Filmography
1949: The Marriage of Figaro (vocal synchronization)
Operas
1954: Richard Wagner: Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg (Magdalena) – director: Wolf Völker (Deutsche Staatsoper Berlin)
1955: Alban Berg: Wozzeck –director: Werner Kelch (Deutsche Staatsoper Berlin)
1956: Richard Wagner: Die Walküre – director: Erich Witte (Deutsche Staatsoper Berlin)
1957: Richard Wagner: Das Rheingold (Rheintochter) – director: Erich Witte (Deutsche Staatsoper Berlin)
1958: Sergei Prokofiev: Die Verlobung im Kloster (Duenna) – director: Erich-Alexander Winds (Deutsche Staatsoper Berlin)
1958: Giacomo Puccini: Madama Butterfly (Suzuki) – director: Peter Neitsch (Deutsche Staatsoper Berlin)
1961: Kurt Schwaen: Leonce und Lena (Gouvernante) – director: Erich-Alexander Winds (Deutsche Staatsoper Berlin – Apollosaal)
References
Further reading
Karl-Josef Kutsch, Leo Riemens: Großes Sängerlexikon. Munich: Saur, 1997, .
External links
German contraltos
German operatic mezzo-sopranos
20th-century German women opera singers
1911 births
2011 deaths
Brânceni is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Brânceni.
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
Tuu or TUU may refer to:
As a name
Tuu (band) (1980s–1999), British ambient band
Tuu languages, spoken in Botswana and South Africa
Xuan Tuu (1925–1996), Vietnamese writer properly addressed as Tuu
Tuu, fictional homeworld of Lugians in the game Asheron's Call 2
As an abbreviation
Tasmania University Union, in Australia
As a code
Tabuk Regional Airport, in Saudi Arabia, IATA code TUU
See also
Kings of Easter Island, many including "Tuu" in their name
Kyzyl-Tuu, several places in Kyrgyzstan
Stephan Vuckovic (born 22 June 1972 in Reutlingen) is an athlete from Germany, who competes in triathlon.
Vuckovic competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics. They won the silver medal with a total time of 1:48:37.58. Their split times were 18:35.59 for the swim, 0:58:52.10 for the cycling, and 0:31:09.89 for the run.
Vuckovic began competing in International Triathlon Union races before competing in World Triathlon Corporation races. Beginning in 2005 they competed in several long distance triathlons, finishing on podium of the Ironman Canada 2005 (2nd place) and the Ironman Lanzarote (3rd) in 2007. Their results at the World Championship race in Hawaii included a tenth place in 2005, earning them the title of 'best rookie' that year. The following year, they finished with a 14th place at the 2006 championship event.
References
1972 births
Living people
German male triathletes
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Olympic triathletes of Germany
Olympic silver medalists for Germany
Olympic medalists in triathlon
Medalists at the 2000 Summer Olympics
People from Reutlingen
Sportspeople from Tübingen (region)
Helmut Förnbacher (born 26 January 1936) is a Swiss actor, film director and screenwriter. They have appeared in more than 70 films and television shows since 1959. They starred in the 1976 film The Sudden Loneliness of Konrad Steiner, which was entered into the 26th Berlin International Film Festival.
Selected filmography
Hinter den sieben Gleisen (1959), as Paul Eberhard
Stage Fright (1960), as Thomas Crusius
Tread Softly (1965), as Percy
No Shooting Time for Foxes (1966), as the main character
Murderers Club of Brooklyn (1967), as Bryan Dyers
(1967), as Helmut
(1968, director), as Kurt Sandweg
Köpfchen in das Wasser, Schwänzchen in die Höh (1969, director), as Berger
Love, Vampire Style (1970, director)
Der Monddiamant (1974, TV film), as Godfrey Ablewhite
The Sudden Loneliness of Konrad Steiner (1976), as Peter
Akte Grüninger (2013), as Valentin Keel
References
External links
1936 births
Living people
Swiss male film actors
Swiss male television actors
20th-century Swiss male actors
21st-century Swiss male actors
Swiss film directors
Swiss screenwriters
German-language film directors
In property law, title is an intangible construct representing a bundle of rights in (to) a piece of property in which a party may own either a legal interest or equitable interest. The rights in the bundle may be separated and held by different parties. It may also refer to a formal document, such as a deed, that serves as evidence of ownership. Conveyance of the document (transfer of title to the property) may be required in order to transfer ownership in the property to another person. Title is distinct from possession, a right that often accompanies ownership but is not necessarily sufficient to prove it (for example squatting). In many cases, possession and title may each be transferred independently of the other. For real property, land registration and recording provide public notice of ownership information.
In United States law, evidence of title is typically established through title reports written up by title insurance companies, which show the history of title (property abstract and chain of title) as determined by the recorded public record deeds; the title report will also show applicable encumbrances such as easements, liens, or covenants. In exchange for insurance premiums, the title insurance company conducts a title search through public records and provides assurance of good title, reimbursing the insured if a dispute over the title arises. In the case of vehicle ownership, a simple vehicle title document may be issued by a governmental agency.
The main rights in the title bundle are usually:
Exclusive possession
Exclusive use and enclosure
Acquisition
Conveyance, including by bequest
Access easement
Hypothecation
Partition
The rights in real property may be separated further, examples including:
Water rights, including riparian rights and runoff rights
In some U.S. states, water rights are completely separate from land—see prior appropriation water rights
Mineral rights
Easement to neighboring property, for utility lines, etc.
Tenancy or tenure in improvements
Timber rights
Farming rights
Grazing rights
Hunting rights
Air rights
Development rights to erect improvements under various restrictions
Appearance rights, often subjected to local zoning ordinances and deed restrictions
Possession is the actual holding of a thing, whether or not one has any right to do so. The right of possession is the legitimacy of possession (with or without actual possession), evidence for which is such that the law will uphold it unless a better claim is proven. The right of property is that right which, if all relevant facts are known (and allowed), defeats all other claims. Each of these may be in a different person.
For example, suppose A steals from B something that B had previously bought in good faith from C and that C had earlier stolen from D and that had been an heirloom of D's family for generations but had originally been stolen centuries earlier (though this fact is now forgotten by all) from E. Here A has the possession, B has an apparent right of possession (as evidenced by the purchase), D has the absolute right of possession (being the best claim that can be proven), and the heirs of E, if they knew it, would have the right of property, which they however could not prove. A good title consists of the combination of these three (possession, right of possession, and right of property) in the same person(s).
The extinguishing of ancient, forgotten, or unasserted claims, such as E's in the example above, was the original purpose of statutes of limitations. Otherwise, title to property would always be uncertain.
Equitable versus legal title
At common law equitable title is the right to obtain full ownership of property, where another maintains legal title to the property.
When a contract for the sale of land is executed, equitable [interest/title] passes to the buyer. When the conditions on the sale contract have been met, legal title passes to the buyer in what is known as closing. Some companies, such as Econohomes/Visio Financial, use this term to describe a "trailing deed". This is not the case. Properties that are sold on the basis of equitable title have a legal chain of title intact, and a recorded transfer with the local municipality.
Legal title is actual ownership of the property as when the property has been bought, the seller paid in full and a deed or title is properly recorded. Equitable title separates from legal title upon the death of the legal titleholder (owner). For example: When a person having legal title to property dies, heirs at law or beneficiaries per the last will, automatically receive an equitable interest in the property. When an executor or administrator qualifies, that person acquires the legal title, subject to divestment when the estate has been administered so as to allow for the lawful passing of the legal title to those having an equitable interest. The resulting merger of the legal and equitable gives rise to the "perfect title," often referred to as marketable title.
Legal and equitable title also arises in trust. In a trust, one person may own the legal title, such as the trustees. Another person may own the equitable title such as the beneficiary.
Applications
In countries with a sophisticated private property system, documents of title are commonly used for real estate, motor vehicles, and some types of intangible property. When such documents are used, they are often part of a registration system whereby ownership of such property can be verified. In some cases, a title can also serve as a permanent legal record of condemnation of property, such as in the case of an automobile junk or salvage title. In the case of real estate, the legal instrument used to transfer title from one person or entity to another is via the deed. A famous rule is that a thief cannot convey good title, so title searches are routine (or highly recommended) for purchases of many types of expensive property (especially real estate). In several counties and municipalities in the US a standard title search (generally accompanied by title insurance) is required under the law as a part of ownership transfer.
Paramount title is the best title in Fee simple available for the true owner. The person who is owner of real property with paramount title has the higher (or better, or "superior") right in an action to Quiet title. This concept is inherently a relative one. Paramount title is not always the best (or highest) title, since it is necessarily based on some other person's title.
A quiet title action is a lawsuit to resolve with any cloud on title, such as competing claims or rights to real property, for example, missing heirs, tenants, reverters, remainders and lien holders all competing to get ownership to the house or land. Technical problems with title include misspellings, outstanding debt, unrecorded transactions, and any irregularity that might indicate a break in the chain of ownership. Each of the United States have different procedures for a quiet title action.
However, most personal property items do not have a formal document of title. For such items, possession is the simplest indication of title, unless the circumstances give rise to suspicion about the possessor's ownership of the item. Proof of legal acquisition, such as a bill of sale or purchase receipt, is contributory. The transfer of possession to a good faith purchaser will normally convey title if no document is required.
Political issues
California prevented aliens (mainly Asians) from holding title to land until the law was declared unconstitutional in 1952. Currently there are no restrictions on foreign ownership of land in the United States, although sales of real estate by non-resident aliens are subject to certain special taxation rules.
Aboriginal title
Prior to the establishment of the United States, title to Indian lands in lands controlled by Britain in North America was governed by The Royal Proclamation of October 7, 1763. This proclamation by King George III reserved title in land to the Indians, subject to alienation only by the Crown. This continued to be the law of Canada following the American Revolution.
In the United States Indian title is the subservient title held by Native Americans in the United States to the land they customarily claimed and occupied. It was first recognized in .It very early became accepted doctrine in this Court that although fee title to lands occupied by Indians when the colonists arrived became vested in the sovereign – first the discovering European nation and later the original states and the United States – a right of occupancy in the Indian tribes was nevertheless recognized. That right, sometimes called Indian Title and good against all but the sovereign, could be terminated only by sovereign act. Once the United States was organized and the Constitution adopted, these tribal rights to Indian lands became the exclusive province of the federal law. Indian title, recognized to be only a right of occupancy, was extinguishable only by the United States.
Oneida Indian Nation v. County of Oneida , 414 U.S. 661, 667 (1974).
The usual method of extinguishing Indian title was by treaty.
See also
Fee
Feu
Land tenure
Phase I Environmental Site Assessment
Manufacturer statement of origin
References
Property law
Legal terminology
Nammalvar (Tamil: நம்மாழ்வார், lit. 'Our Alvar') was one of the twelve Alvar saints of Tamil Nadu, India, who are known for their affiliation to the Vaishnava tradition of Hinduism. The verses of the Alvars are compiled as the Naalayira Divya Prabandham, where praises are sung of 108 temples that are classified as divine realms, called the Divya Desams. Nammalvar is considered to be the fifth in the line of the twelve Alvars. They were born in a Shudra family, but their pursuit of knowledge accorded them the respect of a Brahmin.  They are highly regarded as a great mystic of the Vaishnava tradition.  They are also considered to be the foremost among the twelve Alvars, and their contributions amount to 1352 among the 4000 stanzas in the Naalayira Divya Prabandam.
According to traditional scriptures, Nammalvar was born in 3059 BCE in Alwarthirunagiri; historically they flourished in 8th century CE. In Hindu legends, Nammalvar remained speechless from the moment of their birth, sitting under a tamarind tree when they first interacted with Madhurakavi Alvar, who saw a bright light shining to the south, and followed it until they reached the tree where the boy was residing.
The works of Nammalvar were compiled by Madhurakavi as four different works, the Tiruvaymoli (1,102 verses), Tiruviruttam (100 verses), Thiruvaasiriam (or Thiru Aasiriyam - 7 verses) and Periya Thiruvanthadi (87 verses). The works of Nammalvar contributed to the philosophical and theological ideas of Vaishnavism.
The Garudasevai festival in Nava Tirupathi, the nine Vishnu temples in Thoothukudi region, and the Araiyar Sevai during the Vaikunta Ekadasi festival in Srirangam temple are dedicated to him. The verses of Nammalvar and other Alvars are recited as a part of daily prayers and during festive occasions in several Vaishnava temples in Tamil Nadu.
Alvars
The word alvar means the one who dives deep into the ocean of the countless attributes of god. The Alvars are considered the twelve supreme devotees of Vishnu who were instrumental in popularising Vaishnavism. The religious works of these saints in Tamil, songs of love and devotion, are compiled as Nalayira Divya Prabandham containing 4000 verses and the 108 temples revered in their songs are classified as Divya Desam. The saints had different origins and belonged to different castes. As per history, the first three alvars, Poigai Alvar, Bhoothath Alvar and Pey Alvar were born miraculously. Thirumalisai Alvar was the son of a sage, Thondaradippodi Alvar, Madhurakavi Alvar, Periyalvar and Andal were from the Brahmin community, Kulashekhara Alwar was a kshatriya, Nammalvar was a Vellala, Thiruppaan Alvar was a paanar and Thirumangai Alvar was a kallar. The Divya Suri Charitra by Garuda-Vahana Pandita (11th century), Guruparamparaprabhavam by Pinbaragiya Perumal Jiyar, Periya tiru mudi adaivu by Anbillai Kandadiappan, Yatindra Pranava Prabavam by Pillai Lokacharya, commentaries on Divya Prabandam, Guru Parampara (lineage of Gurus) texts, temple records and inscriptions give a detailed account of the alvars and their works. According to these texts, the saints were considered incarnations of some form of Vishnu. Poigai is considered an incarnation of Panchajanya (Krishna's conch), Bhoothath of Kaumodakee (Vishnu's Mace/Club), Pey of Nandaka (Vishnu's sword), Thirumalisai of Sudarshanam (Vishnu's discus), Namm of Vishvaksena (Vishnu's commander), Madhurakavi of Vainatheya (Vishnu's eagle, Garuda), Kulasekhara of Kaustubha (Vishnu's necklace), Periya of Garuda (Vishnu's eagle), Andal of Bhoodevi (Vishnu's wife, Lakshmi, in their form as Bhudevi), Thondaradippodi of Vanamaalai (Vishnu's garland), Thiruppaan of Srivatsa (An auspicious mark on Vishnu's chest) and Thirumangai of Sharanga, Rama's bow. The songs of Prabandam are regularly sung in all the Vishnu temples of South India daily and also during festivals.
According to a traditional account by Manavala Mamunigal, the first three alvars, namely Poigai, Bhoothath and Pey, belong to the Dvapara Yuga (before 4200 BC). It is widely accepted by tradition and historians that the trio are the earliest among the twelve alvars. The alvars were also instrumental in promoting the Bhagavatha cult and the two epics of India, the Ramayana and the Mahabharata. The alvars were instrumental in spreading Vaishnavism throughout the region. The verses of the various alvars were compiled by Nathamuni (824-924 AD), a 10th-century Vaishnava theologian, who called it the "Tamil Veda".
Early life
According to traditional scriptures, Nammalvar was born on the 43rd Kali in 3059 BC as an amsha of Visvaksena, Vishnu's army commander. They were born at Thirukurukur (modern day Alwarthirunagiri) in the southernmost region of the Tamil country. Many sources regard them to have been born to a princely Vellalar family of Shudra status (To prove world that "caste is not based on birth and it is based on action"). Some caste associations claim them to be a Vysya, like the India Vaishya Samaj in 1988. Dr. P. Jayaraman in their book "A Brief History of Vaishnava Saint Poets: The Alwars" where they mention that Nammalwar belongs to Vellalar, a Shudra caste. Nammalvar's grandfather, Tiruvalmarban Pillai, is a Vellalar, a Shudra caste.  They are wrongly claimed as a Vysya who are not Shudra.
Tradition says that they must have been born fully enlightened because as a baby they never cried or suckled and never opened their eyes. According to legend, as a child they responded to no external stimuli and their parents left them at the feet of the deity of Sri Adhinathar in Alwarthirunagari. The child then got up and climbed into a hole in a tamarind, sat in the lotus position, and began to meditate. It appears they were in this state for as long as sixteen years when a Tamil poet and scholar named Madhurakavi Alvar was born in Thirukolur (who was elder to them by age) and had travelled to North India on a temple trip. As they were performing their Nityaanushtanam (daily rituals) one day, they saw a bright light shining to the south, and followed it until they reached the tree where the boy was residing. Unable to elicit any reaction from the child, they asked them a riddle: "If the small is born in a dead's body (or stomach), what will it eat and where will it stay?" meaning, if the subtle soul is embodied in the gross body, what are its actions and thoughts? Nammalvar broke their lifelong silence and responded, "That it will eat, it will rest!" meaning that if the soul identifies with the body, it will be the body but if it serves the divine, it will stay in Vaikuntha and eat (think) of God. Madhurakavi Alvar realized the divinity of this child.
It is believed that in the Kali Yuga, the doors of Vaikuntham (The abode Of Vishnu) was opened first time for them by Narayana themselves and it is believed that the followers of Swami Nammalvar have the most easy access to the supreme abode. Following their moksha their family entitle as the Subbiah Kumara Pillai by holy Vaishnava acharyas and they serve them and believe them to be Sriman Narayana Tiruvadi. After the passing of Nammalvar, Madhurakavi Alvar composed 10 pasrams called Kanninin Sirutambu. They gave a word that whoever reads this 11,000 times with devotion will get vision and blessings of Nammalvar whenever they visit their abode at Alvarthirunagari.
Nammalvar was one of the twelve alvar poet-saints who immersed themselves in a love of Vishnu and who had a considerable knowledge of ancient Tamil literature and its variants of traditional stories concerning Vishnu and their associates, as well as the philosophical differences between Buddhism, Hinduism and Jainism.
Madhurakavi Alvar was their first disciple. Swami Madhurakavi Alvar composed 11 pasurams in praise of their Acharya, Swami Nammalvar known as Kanninun Siruthambu, which are included among the Nalayira Divya Prabandham.
Work
They contributed four pieces of works to Divya Prabhandham. These works consisted of 1,296 poems, making them the most prolific contributor to the 4,000 hymns written by the Alvar poet-saints. These works are:
Tiruvaymoli (1102 verses)
Tiruviruttam (100 verses)
Thiru Vaasiriam (7 verses)
Periya Thiruvanthadi (87 verses)
Tiruvaymoli describes Ranganatha as a metaphor for discussing the philosophical details in
The nature of the paramatma (divine soul)
The nature of the jeevatma (living soul)
The means for the jeevatma (living soul) to attain the goal of Paramatma (divine soul)
The blocks and hurdles on the way and
The goal moksha (divinity).
In the Sri Vaishnava canon, these four represent (in Tamil language) the four Sanskrit vedas, respectively, the Sama Veda, Rig Veda, Yajur Veda and Atharva Veda. According to tradition "He poured the cream of these vedas" into their songs and poetry that were the result of deep mystic experience. Though Nammalvar did not visit any of the 108 divyadesam temples talked about in the Vaishnava religion, it appears from their works they must have had the vision of all the archa forms in the temples they glorified in their hymns.
Style of composition
The distinction of Nammalvar with their contemporaries is above the devotional aspects in writing, the visualization and dramatic movement. They mention Vishnu in various aspects frequently in all their verses. The poems of Tiruvirrutam are depicted fully between the lone context of the hero and hero. Most of these are utterances of the hero, hero, their friends to the hero or their mother to the hero. The hero always perceives their hero, Vishnu everywhere around them As per Varadachari, Tiruviruttam is "an account of the pilgrimage of the soul to its transcendence over its ignorance, sleep and sloth in which it is caught up in the body". While medieval poetry is considered self-pity and repentance, their works always have a message of hope.
Culture
Nammalvar is regarded as the one of the top three Hindu mystics in India, with the other two being Manickavasagar and Kabir. Nammalvar is considered greatest among the twelve alvars and their contributions amount to 1352 among the 4000 stanzas in the Nalayira Divya Prabandam.
The Garuda Sevai utsavam (festival) in the month of Vaikasi (May-Jun) witnesses nine Garudasevai, an event in which festival image deities from the nava tirupathis temples namely, Mayakoothar Temple, Makara Nedunkuzhai Kannan Temple, Rettai Tirupathi - South Temple, Rettai Tirupathi North Temple, Vaithamanidhi Perumal Temple, Adhinaatha Perumal Temple - Thirukkurugur, Kaaisinavendhan Temple, Vijayaasana Perumal Temple, Sri Vaikuntanatha (Kallapiran) Temple are brought on Garuda vahana. The festival image of Nammalvar is also brought in Anna Vahanam (palanquin) and their verses dedicated to each of these nine temples are recited. The utsavar of deities of each of the nine temples, travel through the paddy fields in the area, reach Alvar Thirunagari. The verses dedicated to each of the nine Divyadesams are chanted with music and dance in front of respective utsavar deities. It is the most important of the festivals in this area, and it draws thousands of visitors.After this paasuram recital is completed, the Alvar utsavar in anna vahanam and the nine Perumal deities in Garuda Vahanam come around the maada veethi [temple street] of Alvar Thirunagari. Then, each divyadesam Perumal utsavar bid farewell to their most relished jeevathma Nammazhwar and return to their respective temples. Amongst these Perumals, when Azhwar's most favourite deities of Irattai tirupathi leave after the utsavam, Alvar is saddened by their departure and will wait until they take a turn to their divyadesams. This episode of the Garuda Sevai is known as "Vidaiyaatri Utsavam". The saddened Alvar is taken into the temple by Alvar Thirunagari's deity Polindhu Nindra Piran by showing their beauty. This garuda sevai is to show how Alvar has sung paasurams on each perumal without moving an inch from their Thirupuliyazhwar. All the Perumals come to the Holy Tamarind tree to get sung by the Alvar.
The Pagal Pathu and Ra Pathu festivals are celebrated in the month of Margazhi (December–January) for twenty days in Sri Ranganathaswamy Temple, Srirangam. The first ten days are referred to as Pagal-Pathu (10-day daytime festival) and the second half as Ra Pathu(10-day nighttime festival). The first day of Ra pathu is Vaikunta Ekadashi. The eleventh day of each fortnight in the Tamil calendar is called Ekadasi and the holiest of all Ekadasi in the Vaishnava tradition is the Vaikunta Ekadashi. Nammalvar, one of the 12 alvars, is believed to have ascended to Vaikuntha (the heavenly abode of Vishnu) on this day. The devotion of the 9th-century poet, Nammalvar, and their perceived ascent to heaven are enacted annually. During the festival, through song and dance, this place is affirmed to be Bhoologa Vaikunta (heaven on earth). Araiyar Sevai is a divine colloquium of araiyars, who recite and enact Nalayara Divya Prabanda, the 4000 verses of alvars (Vaishnavite poets of the 7th–10th century). Araiyars are born to the Araiyar tradition most prevalent in Sri Vaishnava families in Srirangam, Alwar Thirunagari and Srivilliputhur. The tradition of Araiyar Sevai was started by Nathamuni, a 10th-century Vaishnavite who compiled the works of alvars. It is believed as per Hindu mythology that 330 million demi-gods came down to witness the event. The festival deity is brought to the 1,000-pillared hall on the morning of Vaikunta Ekadashi through the Paramapada Vasal (gate to paradise). Hundreds of thousands of pilgrims rush to enter it after the gate is opened and the deity passes through it as it is believed that one who enters here will reach Vaikuntha (heaven) after death. The gate is open only during the ten days of Ra Pathu (10 days of the nighttime festival). On the last day of the festival, the poet Nammalvar is said to be given salvation. The performance is enacted by priests and images in the temple depicts Nammalvar as reaching heaven and getting liberation from the cycle of life and death. At that point, a member from the crowd of devotees, who are witnessing this passion play, goes up to the centre stage and requests Vishnu to return Nammalvar to humanity, so that their words and form in the temple will continue to inspire and save the devotees. Following this performance of the salvation of Nammalvar, the cantors are taken in procession around the temple.
See also
Ramanuja
Manavala Mamunigal
Hindu reform movements
Notes
References
External links
Alvars and Srivaishnavism
Sri Vaishnava Sampradhayam
Thrikodithanam Mahavishnu Temple - Temple associated with Nammalvar
Araiyar Sevai
Alvars
Ancient Indian philosophers
Hindu poets
Tamil Hindu saints
Scholars from Tamil Nadu
The Bark Street School is a historic school building on Stevens Road at Bark Street in Swansea, Massachusetts. Built in 1905, it is the town's only surviving wood-frame school building. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
Description and history
The Bark Street School is located on the south side of Stevens Road, just west of Bark Street in eastern Swansea. It is a single-story wood-frame structure, set on a cobblestone foundation, and topped by a hip roof with a louvered square cupola at its center. Its roof has wide eaves and banded windows on the sides, reminiscent of the Prairie School of architecture. The walls are finished in wooden shingles. Its main entrance is set in a projecting vestibule section, with a shed-roof hood supported by large triangular knee brackets, and is topped by a round-arch transom window.
The building was designed by Louis G. Destremps & Son and built in 1905, replacing a single-room schoolhouse on the same site. Due to increasing enrollments (it was over its nominal capacity of 80 students by 1920), it was enlarged with a major expansion adding two classrooms c. 1930. The addition was done with sympathetic design and materials, differing only in the concrete foundation. Although it was one of ten schools in Swansea at the time, it is now the town's last wood-frame school building. It now serves as an annex to Swansea Town Hall.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Bristol County, Massachusetts
References
School buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
School buildings completed in 1905
Swansea, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Educational institutions established in 1905
1905 establishments in Massachusetts
QuickBooks is an accounting software package developed and marketed by Intuit. First introduced in 1983, QuickBooks products are geared mainly toward small and medium-sized businesses and offer on-premises accounting applications as well as cloud-based versions that accept business payments, manage and pay bills, and payroll functions.
History
Intuit was founded in 1983 by Scott Cook and Tom Proulx in Mountain View, California, USA. After the success of its Quicken product for individual financial management, the company developed similar services for small business owners.
Initial release
The initial Quicken software did not function as a "double-entry" accounting package. The initial release of QuickBooks was the DOS version that was based on the Quicken codebase. The Windows and Mac versions shared a different codebase that was based on In-House Accountant, which Intuit had acquired. The software was popular among small business owners who had no formal accounting training. As such, the software soon claimed up to 85 percent of the US small business accounting software market. It continued to command the vast majority of this market as of 2013. Professional accountants, however, were not satisfied with early versions of the system, citing poor security controls, such as no audit trail, as well as non-conformity with traditional accounting standards.
Subsequent releases
Intuit sought to bridge the gap with these accounting professionals, eventually providing full audit trail capabilities, double-entry accounting functions and increased functions. By 2000, Intuit had developed Basic and Pro versions of the software and, in 2003, started offering industry-specific versions, with workflow processes and reports designed for each of these business types along with terminology associated with the trades.
Options now include versions for manufacturers, wholesalers, professional service firms, contractors, non-profit entities and retailers, in addition to one specifically designed for professional accounting firms who service multiple small business clients. In May 2002 Intuit launched QuickBooks Enterprise Solutions for medium-sized businesses.
QuickBooks software currently offers include versions for manufacturers, wholesalers, professional service firms, contractors, not-for-profits and retailers, as well as a version designed for professional accounting firms serving small businesses. Such was its success that, as of September 2005, QuickBooks held 74 percent of the market in the United States.
In September 2005, QuickBooks had 74% of the market in the US. A June 19, 2008 Intuit Press Release said that as of March 2008, QuickBooks' share of retail units in the business accounting category reached 94.2 percent, according to NPD Group. It also says that more than 50,000 accountants, CPAs and independent business consultants are members of the QuickBooks ProAdvisor program. By then Brad Smith was the new CEO, though former CEO Steve Bennett had nearly tripled Intuit revenue and quadrupled earnings in eight years.
On September 22, 2014, Intuit announced the release of QuickBooks 2015 with features that users have been requesting from the past versions. The release includes improved income tracker, pinned notes, improved registration process and insights on homepage.
In September 2015, Intuit released QuickBooks 2016 that contains several improvements to the existing ones and new features such as batch transaction, bill tracking, continuous feed label printer support, batch delete/void transactions etc.
In September 2016, Intuit released QuickBooks 2017 with several improvements like automated reports, smart search and improved viewing of report filters among other things.
In 2017, Intuit released QuickBooks 2018 to give its users a better experience by adding features such as mobile inventory barcode scanning, multi-monitor support, search in the chart of accounts, mobile inventory scanning etc.
On September 17, 2018, Intuit announced the release of QuickBooks 2019 with some unique features requested by its users, including a history tracker for customer invoices, the ability to transfer credits between other jobs of the same customer, payroll adjustment feature, and more.
On September 16, 2019, QuickBooks 2020 was launched with the aim to improve the reliability and experience of using the software. All the desktop versions - Pro, Premier, Accountant, and Enterprise are packed with new features like the ability to add customer PO numbers in email subject lines, send batch invoices to customers, automatic payment reminders, collapse and expand columns, easy QuickBooks version update etc.
On September 4, 2020, Intuit rolled out QuickBooks 2021 with improved payment process and automated features. All the desktop editions in this version have streamlined bank feeds, automated receipt management, rule-based customer groups, payment reminders, customized payment receipts, data level permissions, and batch delete sales orders.
International versions
Versions of this product are available in many different markets. Intuit's Canadian, British and Australian divisions offer versions of QuickBooks that support the unique tax calculation needs of each region, such as Canada's GST, HST or PST sales tax, VAT for the United Kingdom edition and Australia's GST sales tax. The QuickBooks UK edition also includes support for Irish and South African VAT.
QuickBooks Enterprise was withdrawn from the UKI market in 2014.
QuickBooks Desktop is only available on a rental/subscription basis for users in UK and Ireland, and is to be withdrawn from sale with no desktop software replacement with the final version being the 2021 edition.
The Mac (macOS) version is available only in the United States.
Quickbooks announced that their products and service offerings for accountancy and small business customers will no longer be available in India after 31 January 2023.
Features
Intuit has integrated several web-based features into QuickBooks, including remote access capabilities, remote payroll assistance and outsourcing, electronic payment functions, online banking and reconciliation, mapping features through integration with Google Maps, marketing options through Google, and improved e-mail functionality through Microsoft Outlook and Outlook Express. For the 2008 version, the company has also added import from Excel spreadsheets, additional employee time tracking options, pre-authorization of electronic funds and new Help functions. In June 2007, Intuit announced that QuickBooks Enterprise Solutions would run on Linux servers, whereas previously it required a Windows server to run.
QuickBooks Online
Intuit also offers a cloud service called QuickBooks Online (QBO). The user pays a monthly subscription fee rather than an upfront fee and accesses the software exclusively through a secure logon via a Web browser. Intuit provides patches, and regularly upgrades the software automatically, but also includes pop-up ads within the application for additional paid services.
, QuickBooks Online had the most subscribers for an online accounting platform, with 624,000 subscribers. compared to Xero, which reported 284,000 customers as of July 2014.
The cloud version is a distinct product from the desktop version of QuickBooks, and has many features that work differently than they do in desktop versions.
In 2013, Intuit announced that it had rebuilt QuickBooks Online "from the ground up" with a platform that allows third parties to create small business applications and gives customers the ability to customize the online version of QuickBooks.
QuickBooks Online is supported on Chrome, Firefox, Internet Explorer 10, Safari 6.1, and also accessible via Chrome on Android and Safari on iOS 7. One may also access QuickBooks Online via an iPhone, a BlackBerry, and an Android web app.
In 2011, Intuit introduced a UK-specific version of QuickBooks Online to address the specific VAT and European tax system. There are also versions customized for the Canadian, Indian, and Australian markets, as well as a global version that can be customized by the user.
Quickbooks Online offers integration with other third-party software and financial services, such as banks, payroll companies, and expense management software.
QuickBooks desktop also supports a migration feature where customers can migrate their desktop data from a pro or prem SKU's to Quickbooks Online.
QuickBooks Point of Sale
QuickBooks Point of Sale is software that replaces a retailer's cash register, tracks its inventory, sales, and customer information, and provides reports for managing its business and serving its customers.
Add-on programs
Through the Solutions Marketplace, Intuit encouraged third-party software developers to create programs that fill niche areas for specific industries and integrate with QuickBooks. Intuit partnered with Lighter Capital to create a $15 million fund for developers designing apps for Intuit Quickbooks. The Intuit Developer Network provides marketing and technical resources, including software development kits (SDKs).
Intuit's Lacerte and ProConnect Tax Online tax preparation software for professional accountants who prepare tax returns for a living integrates with QuickBooks in this way. Microsoft Office also integrates with QuickBooks.
Criticism
As of November 2014, users of QuickBooks for OSX had reported compatibility issues with Apple's new operating system, OS X Yosemite.
See also
Comparison of accounting software
References
External links
Authorised Dealer of QuickBooks
Accounting software
Intuit software
Naresuan was ruler of Siam from 1590 to 1605.
Naresuan may also refer to:
Naresuan University, a university in Thailand named after the king
Naresuan University Hospital, a teaching hospital of the Faculty of Medicine Naresuan University
King Naresuan (film), a 2006 film based on the king's life
HTMS Naresuan, a Royal Thai Navy frigate
Minod Bhanuka Ranasinghe (born 29 April 1995) is a professional Sri Lankan cricketer who plays all formats of the game. They made their international debut for the Sri Lanka cricket team in October 2019. They were part of Sri Lanka's squad for the 2014 ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup.  They are an old boy of Maliyadeva College, Kurunegala.
Domestic career
In a 2015–16 Premier League Tournament match in January 2016, they scored 342 runs for Sinhalese Sports Club against Badureliya Sports Club at Surrey Village Cricket Ground, Maggona.
In March 2018, they were named in Kandy's squad for the 2017–18 Super Four Provincial Tournament. The following month, they were also named in Kandy's squad for the 2018 Super Provincial One Day Tournament.
In August 2018, they were named in Dambulla's squad the 2018 SLC T20 League. In March 2019, they were named in Galle's squad for the 2019 Super Provincial One Day Tournament. In October 2020, they were drafted by the Jaffna Stallions for the inaugural edition of the Lanka Premier League. In August 2021, they were named in the SLC Greys team for the 2021 SLC Invitational T20 League tournament. SLC Greys won the tournament, with Bhanuka being named the player of the match in the final.
In July 2022, they were signed by the Kandy Falcons for the third edition of the Lanka Premier League.
International career
They were part of Sri Lanka's squad for the 2014 ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup. In October 2017, they were named in Sri Lanka's Twenty20 International (T20I) squad for their series against Pakistan in the UAE, but they did not play. In September 2019, they were named in Sri Lanka's squads for the series against Pakistan in Pakistan. They made their One Day International (ODI) debut for Sri Lanka, against Pakistan, on 2 October 2019. They made their Twenty20 International (T20I) debut for Sri Lanka, also against Pakistan, on 5 October 2019.
In November 2019, they were named in Sri Lanka's squad for the 2019 ACC Emerging Teams Asia Cup in Bangladesh. In December 2020, Gunathilake was named in Sri Lanka's Test squad for their series against South Africa. They made their Test debut for Sri Lanka, against South Africa, on 3 January 2021.
In September 2021, they were added to Sri Lanka's squad for the 2021 ICC Men's T20 World Cup. In June 2022, they were named in the Sri Lanka A squad for their matches against Australia A during Australia's tour of Sri Lanka.
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Sri Lankan cricketers
Sri Lanka Test cricketers
Sri Lanka One Day International cricketers
Sri Lanka Twenty20 International cricketers
Sinhalese Sports Club cricketers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Kandy Crusaders cricketers
Jaffna Kings cricketers
Kandy Warriors cricketers
Ritt is a given name and a surname. Notable people with the name include:
Joseph Ritt (1893–1951), American mathematician at Columbia University
Martin Ritt (1914–1990), American director, actor, and playwright in both film and theater
Ritt Bjerregaard (born 1941), former Danish politician
Ritt Momney (born 1999), American singer
See also
Der letzte Ritt nach Santa Cruz, (The Last Ride to Santa Cruz), 1964 German Western film
Der Ritt auf dem Schmetterling, controversial song by German punk band Die Ärzte
RIT (disambiguation)
Writ
The 22121/22122 Lokmanya Tilak Terminus–Lucknow AC Superfast Express (abbreviated as LTT–Lucknow AC SF Express) is a Superfast Express train of AC Express series belonging to Indian Railways (Central Railway zone) that runs between Mumbai and Lucknow in India. It was introduced on 8 April 2017, with fully air-conditioned LHB coaches. It is a weekly service. It operates as train number 22121 down from Lokmanya Tilak Terminus to and as train number 22122 up in the reverse direction. This train shares its rake with Lokmanya Tilak Terminus–Hazrat Nizamuddin AC Express.
Coaches
The LTT-Lucknow AC Superfast Express generally has one AC 1st class coaches, three AC 2 tier class coaches, one pantry car, two luggage cum generator coaches and fifteen AC 3 tier coaches, for a total of 22 coaches. As is customary with most train services in India, coach composition may be amended at the discretion of Indian Railways depending on demand. It has fully air-conditioned LHB coaches.
EOG consists of Luggage and Generator coach
B consists of AC 3 Tier coach
PC consists of Pantry car coach
A consist of AC 2 Tier coach
H consists of First Class AC coach
HA consists of First Class AC 2 Tier coach
Schedule
22121 AC Superfast Express leaves Mumbai LTT every Saturday at 14:20 hrs IST and reaches the Lucknow Charbagh at 13:45 hrs IST on the next day. On return, the 22122 AC Superfast Express leaves Lucknow Charbagh every Sunday at 16:20 hrs IST from platform number 3 and reaches the Mumbai LTT at 17:30 hrs IST on the next day.
Service
The LTT-Lucknow AC Superfast Express covers the distance of in 23 hours 25 mins (60.00 km/hr) at an average speed of 60 km/h (including halts) and while on its return journey as train number 22122 takes 25 hrs 10 mins at an average speed of 56 km/h (including halts). Its highest attained speed is 118 kmph between Nasik and .
As the average speed of the train is above , as per Indian Railways rules, its fare includes a Superfast Express surcharge.
Routeing
The 22121 / 22 Lokmanya Tilak Terminus–Lucknow Charbagh AC Superfast Express runs from Lokmanya Tilak Terminus via , , , , , , to Lucknow Charbagh.
Traction
As the route is electrified, all types of electric locos power the train up to its destination. The LTT-Lucknow AC Superfast Express is mostly hauled by Kalyan-based WAP-7 or Ajni-based WAP-7, from start to end.
References
External links
22121 AC Express at India Rail Info
22122 AC Express at India Rail Info
Transport in Mumbai
AC Express (Indian Railways) trains
Rail transport in Maharashtra
Rail transport in Madhya Pradesh
Passenger trains originating from Lucknow
Prabhat Kumar Mukhopadhyay (3 February 1873–5 April 1932) was a well known Bengali author. They were born at Dhatrigram in present-day Purba Bardhaman district, West Bengal at their maternal uncle's house. Their native place was Gurap in Hooghly district, West Bengal
Personal life
In 1888, they passed the entrance exam at the Jamalpur High School. In 1891, they received a Fine Arts degree from Patna College. In 1895, they received their bachelor's degree and they then went to study abroad in London. From 1901 to 1903, they studied law in London.
In 1903, after becoming a barrister, they returned to Bengal to practice law in Darjeeling, Rangpur, and Gaya. They practiced law in these regions until 1916 when they became a professor at the University of Calcutta. They were a professor here until their death in 1932.
Works
Prabhat Kumar Mukhopadhyay is known to be a very famous and proficient writer in Bengali Literature. After Rabindranath Tagore, they are the best known short story writer. They wrote novels, short stories, and poems. Their poems were published in the Bharati, a Bengali periodical, while they were still in school. They gained fame writing short stories, which are based on looking at life in a light-hearted, simple, way. During their career, they wrote over one hundred stories and fourteen novels.
At times they wrote under two pseudonyms, Sri Janoarchandra Sharma and Srimati Radhamoni.
They received the Kuntalin Prize to acknowledge their writings.
Novels
Ramasundari (1908)
Nabin Sannyasi (1912)
Ratnadeep (1915)
This novel was considered to be their greatest; it was made into a movie.
Jibaner Mulya (1917)
Sindur Kauta (1919)
Maner Manus (1922)
Arati (1927)
Pratima (1928)
Garib Svami (1930)
Short story collections
Nabakatha (1899)
Sodashi (1906)
Galpavjali (1913)
Galpabithi (1916)
Patrapuspa (1917)
Nutan Bau (1929)
Gohonar Baksho
Hotash Premik
Bilashini
Juboker Prem
Jamata Babajee
The Price Of Flowers
The Muscular Son-in-law
Other works
A satire named Abhishap (1900)
A play, Suksmalom Parinay, which was published under one of their pseudonyms.
References
External links
Provatkumar Mukhopadhyay
Provatkumar Mukhopadhyay
1873 births
1932 deaths
University of Calcutta alumni
University of Calcutta faculty
Writers from Kolkata
Hexaoxotricyclobutabenzene is an organic compound with formula C12O6. It can be viewed as the sixfold ketone of tricyclobutabenzene.
It is an oxide of carbon, detected by 13C NMR in 2006.
References
Oxocarbons
Cyclobutenes
Enones
Abomination: The Nemesis Project, released in the United States as Abomination, is a real-time tactics/action video game released in 1999. In the game, the player leads a team of eight genetically altered supersoldiers (marines) to defeat an infestation of a global genetic plague which slowly turns into a superorganism.
Abomination was met with mixed reception, with the game's A.I. being the most primary of grievances.
Plot
Abomination takes place in 1999 after the United States has been almost wiped out by a deadly plague. The disease started on the east coast, and communication with the west coast ceased within 72 hours. The last few groups of survivors stopped broadcasting after six days, and the overwhelming majority of the country's population has been wiped out.
Most of the remaining survivors have pledged allegiance to an apocalyptic and ultra-violent cult known as "The Faithful", a religion whose followers practice mortification of the flesh, as well as vivisecting themselves and others to prove the strength of their beliefs. The Faithful are revealed to be at least several hundred years old, possibly originating from Tibet. The cult predicts the coming of "The Brood" and "the Elder Gods" in a Lovecraftian fashion. The game's backstory also mentions that The Faithful are somehow connected with a strange and very old statuette, called "The Princess of Death", which resembles a cross between a Black Madonna and a prehistoric depiction of the mother goddess. Shortly before the plague first broke out, the US government suspected that the Faithful had either stolen the statue from the unspecified museum where it was kept, or that through their rituals, they caused it to explode there, perhaps disseminating one or more biological agents hidden inside. The game's opening cutscene contains no words but suggests that the statuette may have been part of a meteorite which struck the earth long ago. The cutscene also shows the Oval Office with a figure resembling President Bill Clinton, who has collapsed and died while still at their desk—within moments after they signed and issued the written orders for the emergency response plan "Project Nemesis", which can be seen in a folder there.
The game takes place in a large, unnamed coastal city, which remains mostly undamaged but plagued by odd biological matter, ranging from tentacles growing out of the sidewalk to huge, three-story towers of tissue. The player controls members of "The Nemesis Project", who according to the backstory were originally mustered at a secret base in a fictional location called "Kinmore Field" in Ohio. These supersoldiers are black operatives who have been enhanced through the use of surgical procedures and experimental nanotechnology, as part of a last-ditch effort to find a way to eliminate The Faithful and put an end to the plague. This is why the characters have pseudoscientific special abilities and, presumably, immune systems capable of protecting them from the plague. The cutscene shows the soldiers being revived by a failsafe mechanism that automatically brings them out from cryogenic suspension. Surviving military or police personnel are also recruited into the player's roster, and they have no superpowers, but do possess specialized weapons training.
Development
Development started in 1996 under producer Steve Goss. Programmers included Charles Bocock and Terry Mancey. Artists included Stuart Griffin.
Originally started with bitmapped characters and NPCs, it proved to be impossible to store the amount of artwork necessary for every angle of every animation in the memory of PCs at the time, and the decision was made to implement a 3D engine to render the characters, while retaining the bitmapped isometric background.
Reception
The game received mixed reviews according to the review aggregation website GameRankings. Chris Charla of NextGen said, "As much as we liked the look of Abomination, the sad reality is that it simply isn't much fun to play. If you can find a few copies in the bargain bin, though, multiplayer is well worth a try."
References
External links
1999 video games
Action video games
Biopunk
Eidos Interactive games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Post-apocalyptic video games
Real-time tactics video games
Video games about zombies
Video games scored by Allister Brimble
War video games set in the United States
Video games about viral outbreaks
Video games set in 1999
Windows games
Windows-only games
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
Loch Lomond (Scottish Gaelic: Loch Laomainn) is a community located in Richmond County, Nova Scotia, Canada. It is named after Loch Lomond in Dunbartonshire, Scotland.
The community sits upon the eastern shore of a lake which is also named Loch Lomond. It is known for its scenery and its wide appeal for summer cottages. It also has a rich history kept alive by the community. Loch Lomond is a fresh water lake that is used for fishing and boating.
Many of the early settlers were pioneers who settled the area in 1828, from the islands of Harris and Uist Scotland. There is a monument by the side of the road commemorating them.
Some of the settlers moved to St. Anns, near Baddeck.
References
Loch Lomond on Destination Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
Communities in Richmond County, Nova Scotia
Sasihithlu beach also known as Daibittil beach is located in Sasihithlu village, which is situated north of Mangalore city, in the state of Karnataka, in India. Sasihithlu Beach is situated approximately 6 km to the west of NH 66, and surrounded by the backwaters of the Pavanje and Shambhavi rivers. The two rivers meet at the beach. It is close to Mukka, one of the fastest developing localities of Mangalore. This beach hosted the Indian Open of Surfing in 2016 and 2017.
Educational Institutions nearby
National Institute of Technology Karnataka, Surathkal, Mangalore
Srinivas Institute of Medical Sciences and Research Centre, Mukka, Mangalore
Srinivas Institute of Dental Sciences, Mukka, Mangalore
Srinivas University College of Engineering & Technology (SUCET), Mukka, Mangalore
Hospitals nearby
Srinivas Hospital, Mukka, Mangalore
Padmavathi Hospital, Surathkal, Mangalore
Venus Hospital, Surathkal, Mangalore
Atharva Hospital, Surathkal, Mangalore
Accessibility
Sasihithlu Beach is well connected by public transport. There are several city buses(2,2A) from the main bus stop in statebank and other parts of the city. One can also take the non-express service buses that give a stop for Sasihithlu Beach right at Mukka. Once off the bus, one can take auto to reach.
Distance from:
National Institute of Technology Karnataka, Surathkal, Mangalore - 8 km
Panambur Beach, Mangalore - 15 km
New Mangalore Port, Mangalore- 17 km
Tannirbhavi Beach, Mangalore- 22 km
Pumpwell, Mangalore - 27 km
Pilikula Nisargadhama, Mangalore - 29 km
Infosys DC, Mudipu, Mangalore - 44 km
Manipal - 47 km
Dharmasthala - 83 km
Kukke Subramanya Temple - 125 km
Murdeshwar - 141 km
Kannur, Kerala - 162 km
Gokarna, Karnataka - 217 km
Mysore - 274 km
Hubli - 343 km
Panaji, Goa - 351 km
Bangalore - 370 km
Nearest Railway Stations:
Surathkal railway station, Surathkal, Mangalore - 10 km
Mangalore Central railway station, Hampankatta, Mangalore - 27 km
Mangalore Junction railway station, Padil, Mangalore - 28 km
Nearest Airport:
Mangalore International Airport (India) - 26 km
References
Beaches of Mangalore
Samos is a municipality in the province of Lugo in Galicia, Spain. It contains the village of Samos.
Geography
Samos is near the eastern mountains of Galicia (the mountains of Lóuzara, Serra do Oribio and Mountains of Albola). The mean altitude is over 700 m and the highest elevation is the mountain of O Oribio at 1,443 m. The Sarria River, a tributary of the Miño River, collects water from the western slopes of the mountains; the Lóuzara River drains the eastern slopes, flowing to the Lor River and then to the Sil River. There are three well-differentiated areas: the central one, where the population is mainly located; the north area, more open and with smooth slopes, and Lóuzara, the southern area, with mountains and valleys.
The thermic oscillation is high (13 °C), with cold winters, when the fields are frequently frozen. Annual rainfall ranges from 900 to 1,500 mm per year.
The municipality extends over 136 km².
Nature
Samos is located in a natural setting in a valley that leads into the mountains of Pedrafita. It crosses the Oribio river, a small river rich in eel and trout and one of the most representative dishes of the area.
Culture
The village of Samos is located approximately 11 kilometers from Sarria and 45 kilometers from Lugo. It is home to an abbey, the Real Abadía de Samos, and the Benedictine monastery of San Xulián de Samos. Pilgrims on the Way of St. James to Compostela often pass through Samos to visit the abbey and monastery. There is a refuge (accommodation) that the pilgrims can use freely at the Royal Benedictine Abbey of St. Julian of Samos. The abbey, one of the most important religious centers of Galicia, is dated the sixth century, a period in which the Swabian territories inhabited what is now known as Galicia.
Samos is bordered in the north by the municipality of Láncara; in the south by Folgoso do Courel and A Pobra do Brollón; in the east by Triacastela, Pedrafita do Cebreiro and Folgoso do Courel; and in the west by Sarria and O Incio. Samos belongs to the judicial party of Sarria and to the diocese (province of the Church) of Lugo.
Economy
Economically, Samos is sustained by agriculture and livestock, but hospitality is in a time of enormous growth. Popular tourist destinations include (but are not limited to): the monastery of San Xian de Samos, the Lóuzara valley, and the Sierra do Oribio mountains. Its landscapes and quality of its typical products of the region are a major lure for rural tourism and gastronomy.
Civil parishes
Castroncán (Santa Marta)
Estraxiz (Santiago)
Formigueiros (Santiago)
Freixo (San Silvestre)
Frollais (San Miguel)
Gundriz (Santo André)
Loureiro (Santa María)
Lousada (San Martiño)
Montán (Santa María)
Pascais (Santalla)
Reiriz (Santo Estevo)
Renche (Santiago)
Romelle (San Martiño)
Samos (Santa Xertrude)
San Cristovo de Lóuzara (San Cristovo)
San Cristovo do Real (San Cristovo)
San Mamede do Couto (San Mamede)
San Martiño do Real (San Martiño)
San Xil de Carballo (San Xil)
San Xoán de Lóuzara (San Xoán)
Santalla (San Xosé)
Suñide (Santa María)
Teibilide (San Xulián)
Zoó (Santiago)
Specimen trees
The ancient cypress found in the chapel next to the cemetery and the river was highlighted as it was planted while the chapel was built as a sign of spirituality.
Festivals
San Bieito, June 11
Santa Basilisa, patroness of the monastery, January 9
Pilgrimage of San Roque in Santalla de Lóuzara, August 16
Notable people
Diogo Alves - serial killer active in Portugal
References
Municipalities in the Province of Lugo
Populated places in Galicia (Spain)
Dimorphotheca jucunda, the delightful African daisy, is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae. It is native to South Africa, Lesotho and Eswatini, and introduced to Ireland and Tasmania. As its synonym Osteospermum jucundum, it and two of its cultivars, 'Blackthorn Seedling' and 'Langtrees' have gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.
References
jucunda
Flora of South Africa
Flora of Lesotho
Flora of Swaziland
Plants described in 1936
Raushan Koishibayeva (, born 7 March 1966) is a Kazakhstani Paralympic powerlifter. They won a silver medal in the 67 kg category at the 2016 Summer Paralympics, aged 50.
Koishibayeva is married and has three children. Both of their legs were amputated in 1990 due to an injury. They took up powerlifting in 2010.
References
1966 births
Living people
Powerlifters at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
Paralympic silver medalists for Kazakhstan
Female powerlifters
Kazakhstani powerlifters
Paralympic medalists in powerlifting
Powerlifters at the 2020 Summer Paralympics
The Fulda Symphonic Orchestra (German: Fuldaer Symphonisches Orchester) is an amateur orchestra based in Fulda, Germany. The group was founded in 1999 by Karsten Aßmann (orchestra manager), Albert Flügel (concertmaster), Dorothea Heller (co-principal woodwind player), and the music director Simon Schindler; Aßmann and Schindler were only 21 and 23 at the time. The more than 100 players are mostly amateurs, with an admixture of professionals. The players range in age from 16 to 70.
The group performs one concert per year, for which they rehearse for two weekends. Virtually all of the players either live in Fulda or grew up there and return for the concerts. The annual performance is a benefit concert for a selected charitable cause, supported by the Rotary Club of Fulda. In addition, smaller groups made up of orchestra personnel perform throughout the year.
The orchestra's performances have received positive reviews from the local press.
The Fulda Symphonic Orchestra has posted sound files from its performances on the Internet under the EFF open audio license, and thus is an important source of freely-listenable recordings of symphonic masterworks.
External links
The Web site of the Fulda Symphonic Orchestra (in German)
Sound files of performances by the Fulda Symphonic Orchestra
Web page of Johannes Henkel, with more files
Musical groups established in 1999
German orchestras
Fulda
1999 establishments in Germany
Angelic was a British trance group featuring Darren Tate, Judge Jules and Jules's wife, Amanda O'Riordan.
History
In 1999, when Judge Jules and Darren Tate launched their collaboration named Angelic, Jules was already a successful club and radio DJ. For Darren Tate, the project was the beginning of their musical career. Jules' wife Amanda was featured as a singer in the project.
The debut single "It's My Turn" was successful, reaching number 11 and remaining on the UK Singles Chart for 10 weeks. Instrumentally, the track was based on their previously-issued remix of "Change" by Sunscreem, slightly shortened and with new lyrics. The song was also remixed by Rank 1 and 4 Strings.
In 2001, the trio released two more singles, "Can't Keep Me Silent" and "Stay with Me", which also reached the UK Singles Chart. After that, the group split up with Jules and Tate both pursuing their individual solo careers. O'Riordan's voice appeared again in 2005 on the song "Without Love" by Judge Jules.
Discography
Singles
2000: "It's My Turn" - UK #11
2001: "Can't Keep Me Silent" - UK #12
2001: "Stay with Me" - UK #36
Remixes
1999: John '00' Fleming - "Lost in Emotion"
2000: Plasma feat. Berri - "Do U Believe"
2000: Lost Witness - "7 Colours"
2000: Kayestone - "Atmosphere"
2000: JBN - "All I Want"
2000: Sundance - "Won't Let This Feeling Go"
2000: Sunscreem - "Change"
2000: Orion - "Rush"
References
External links
British trance music groups
English dance music groups
British musical trios
Musical groups established in 1999
Musical groups disestablished in 2001
1999 establishments in the United Kingdom
Teemu Packalén (born May 22, 1987) is a retired Finnish mixed martial artist. They were the Amateur Champion of Finland and the Finnish Open Championship winner in 2010. Packalén competed in the Lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC).
Background
Born and raised in Southwest Finland, Packalén played ice hockey in the C-Junior SM Series and participated in the national team until the age of 17. Packalén started training Brazilian jiu-jitsu in 2007. Packalén trained wrestling when they were young and they won the title for Finland Open Championship in 2010 and third place in European Championships in 2011. Packalén also won the Amateur MMA Championship title in 2012.
Mixed martial arts career
Early career
Packalén began their professional career competing on the regional circuit in Finland for three years and amassed a record of 7-0 prior joining UFC.
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Packalén was signed by UFC in July 2015 and they were the fourth Finnish fighter to be part of the UFC roster after Tony Halme, Makwan Amirkhani and Tina Lähdemäki.
For their promotional debut, they were tabbed as a short notice replacement for an injured Jake Matthews on July 18, 2015 at UFC Fight Night: Bisping vs. Leites against Mickaël Lebout. They lost the fight via unanimous decision with the score board of (30-27, 30-27, 29-28).
Packalén was expected to face Łukasz Sajewski on February 27, 2016 at UFC Fight Night: Silva vs. Bisping. However, on 16 February, Sajewski pulled out due to an injury and was replaced by promotional newcomer Thibault Gouti. They submitted Gouti in 24 seconds into round one via a rear-naked choke. This win earned Packalén Performance of the Night bonus award.
Packalén was sidelined with a shoulder injury which entailed a long duration of recovery.
On March 18, 2017, they faced Marc Diakiese at UFC Fight Night: Manuwa vs. Anderson. They lost the fight via knockout in the first round.
Packalén was expected to face Marcin Held on October 21, 2017 at UFC Fight Night 118. However, Packalen pulled out of the fight on October 5 citing a knee injury.
Packalen was expected to return from their hiatus to face Alexander Yakovlev on April 20, 2019 at UFC Fight Night 149. However on April 4, 2019 it was reported that Packalen pull out for undisclosed reason and they were replaced by Alex da Silva Coelho.
Packalén faced promotional newcomer Ottman Azaitar on September 7, 2019 at UFC 242. They lost the fight via knockout in the first round.
In March 2020, Packalén's contract with the UFC expired. Despite interest from the organization, Packalén was noncommittal on continuing their mixed martial arts career. Later, on November 1, 2021, Packalén announced that they had retired from mixed martial arts.
Personal life
Packalén and their fiancée Eevi Teittinen, a fitness model from Finland, have a daughter (born 2021).
Championships and accomplishments
Mixed martial arts
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Performance of the Night (One time) vs. Thibault Gouti
Mixed martial arts record
|-
|Loss
|align=center| 8–3
|Ottman Azaitar
|KO (punch)
|UFC 242
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|3:35
|Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 8–2
| Marc Diakiese
| KO (punch)
| UFC Fight Night: Manuwa vs. Anderson
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:30
| London, England
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 8–1
| Thibault Gouti
| Submission (rear-naked choke)
| UFC Fight Night: Silva vs. Bisping
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:24
| London, England
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 7–1
| Mickaël Lebout
| Decision (unanimous)
| UFC Fight Night: Bisping vs. Leites
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Glasgow, Scotland
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 7–0
| Suleiman Bouhata
| Submission (guillotine choke)
| Fight Night Finland: Turku Fight Night
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:23
| Turku, Finland
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 6–0
| Hyram Rodriguez
| Submission (kimura)
| Cage 27
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 1:47
| Turku, Finland
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 5–0
| Sebastian Fournier
| TKO (elbows)
| Cage 26
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:53
| Turku, Finland
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 4–0
| Damien Lapilus
| Submission (heel hook)
| Cage 24
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 2:44
| Turku, Finland
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 3–0
| Grzegorz Sajbor
| Submission (armbar)
| StandUpWar 4
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:58
| Tampere, Finland
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 2–0
| Konstantinos Persson
| Submission (rear-naked choke)
| Fight for Glory: First Round
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 2:37
| Turku, Finland
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 1–0
| Grzegorz Szulakowski
| TKO (doctor stoppage)
| StandUpWar 3
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 5:00
| Tampere, Finland
|
|-
See also
List of male mixed martial artists
References
External links
Living people
1987 births
Sportspeople from Turku
Lightweight mixed martial artists
Finnish male mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists utilizing wrestling
Mixed martial artists utilizing boxing
Mixed martial artists utilizing Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Ultimate Fighting Championship male fighters
Finnish practitioners of Brazilian jiu-jitsu
People awarded a black belt in Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Ganchovski, Ganchowski or Ganhovsky is a Polish masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Ganchovska, Ganchowska or Ganhovska. It may refer to the following people:
Eliyahu-Moshe Ganhovsky (1901–1971), Israeli politician
Jordan Ganchovski (born 1953), Bulgarian writer, poet, literary critic and playwright
Polish-language surnames
Nukkad (English: Street Corner) is an Indian Hindi-language television series that aired on DD National in 1986–87. It was directed by Kundan Shah and Saeed Akhtar Mirza; it was written by Prabodh Joshi and Anil Chaudhary.
It starred Dilip Dhawan, Rama Vij, Pavan Malhotra, Sangeeta Naik, Avtar Gill in lead roles. The serial received tremendous response from the viewers and some of the characters such as Khopdi, Kaderbhai and Ghanshu Bhikari became household names. The first season of Nukkad, aired in 1986–87 had 40 episodes. A sequel series titled Naya Nukkad premiered in 1993.
Overview
Nukkad dealt with the struggles of the lower income labor class in cities.
Cast
Dilip Dhawan—Guru (aka Raghunath) is a small-time electrician and the de facto leader of the Nukkad gang. Helpful and impartial by nature, Guru is often useful in resolving petty quarrels between the Nukkad residents)
Avtar Gill—Kaderbhai (aka Kader Kutty) owns a small dingy restaurant which often becomes a meeting point for other Nukkad members.  They are generous and does not charge the poor Nukkad members for tea and snacks)
Pavan Malhotra—Hari (aka Hari Mourya) is a humble hardworking youth who owns a small shop for repairing bicycles and filling air in bicycle tyres. Hari is besotted with Madhu, the attractive, educated daughter of Gupta seth. However Gupta seth despises their romance and is always watchful of Hari & Madhu.)
Sameer Khakhar—Khopdi (aka Gopal) is a chronic drunkard who is loved by all)
Haidar Ali—Raja (aka Raja Patel) is a smooth talking vagabond who moves around smartly dressed in a suit and with an "I know it all" attitude)
Somesh Agarwal— Kundu Mochi (The cobbler by the streetside)
Javed Khan—Karim Hajaam. Karim is a barber and owns a small hair cutting salon.
Sangeeta Naik—Radha (The domestic maid) works in the houses at Nukkad. They love Hari and is annoyed that they do not reciprocate and instead loves Madhu.)
Rama Vij—Teacherji (aka Maria) is a widow who lives alone. Guru and Maria both love each other, but do not explicitly confess their love.
Ajay Wadhavkar—Ganpat Havaldar. Ganpat is the neighborhood havaldar often called in whenever there is trouble at Nukkad.
Suresh Chatwal—Dukhiya shayar (aks Dukhiya Chandigarhi) is an unemployed "shayar" who lives for free with Guru. Dukhiya bores everybody with meaningless shayaris (couplets). They along with Khopdi and Raja form the unemployed trio who live off other's money.
Suresh Bhagwat—Ghanshu Bhikari (aka Ghanshyam) is the beggar at Nukkad.
Shreechand Makhija Chaurasia Paanwala. Chaurasia is a paanwala with a paan-beedi shop next to Kaderbhai's restaurant.
Sankalp Dubey Thambi Waiter(Thambi works as a waiter at Kaderbhai's restaurant)
Dagdu Jamadar(Dagdu is the municipality sweeper at Nukkad)
Bengali Bandwala ( An old trumpet player)
Kalabaaz (a guy who gathers paid people for political rallies)
Kishore Bhatt - Gupta Seth (Owner of grocery stores)
Maniklal Seth (Owner of a silverware shop)
mamta - Madhu .
Other characters included Madhu (Hari's love interest and daughter of Gupta seth), Suresh (rich spoilt son of Seth Maniklal) and the wives of Maniklal and Guptaji.
References
External links
Hindi comedy shows
Indian drama television series
DD National original programming
1986 Indian television series debuts
1987 Indian television series endings
1980s Indian television series
The PECO Building is a modernist office highrise in Center City Philadelphia. The building is the current headquarters of the PECO Energy Company, formerly the Philadelphia Energy Company (PECo), and one of the companies that merged to form the Exelon Corporation. The building lies adjacent to the Schuylkill River, extends 27 stories tall, and has the address of 2301 Market Street, Philadelphia, PA 19103.
Overview
The Building consists of two conjoined buildings designed by architects Harbeson, Hough, Livingston & Larson. The North building has a height of 96 feet and a length of 380 feet and a width of 196 feet. The south has a height of 384 feet and a length of 165 and a width of 67 feet. The North building was built in 1916 and the South building was completed in 1970. The PECO Building is notable for its electronic display, formally called the , which displays news and a variety of other community messages.
Crown Lights
The Crown Lights have been displaying messages atop the structure since July 4, 1976. The original electronic message board consisted of a total of 2,600 individual amber-colored bulbs which displayed scrolling text around the top of the building. At midnight on January 1, 2009, the lights were shut down and replaced with a more energy efficient and full color LED-based system which went live on July 4, 2009. In November 2020 the lights were upgraded once more, after being dark for four months. The new display's pixel density was improved from 25 to 39 pixels per inch. The display is 38 feet high, 148 feet long along the North and South side of the building, and 71 feet long along the East and West side.
References
A View on Cities
Skyscraperpage.com
Individual signs in the United States
Exelon
Skyscraper office buildings in Philadelphia
Office buildings completed in 1970
1970 establishments in Pennsylvania
Sergiy Klimniuk (sometimes shown as Serhiy Klyminuk, born January 14, 1976) is a Ukrainian sprint canoer who competed in the early 2000s. They won a bronze medal in the C-2 200 m event at the 2003 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Gainesville.
Klimniuk also finished eighth in the C-2 500 m event at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney.
References
Sports-reference.com profile
1976 births
Canoeists at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Ukraine
Ukrainian male canoeists
ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships medalists in Canadian
Charles Kuehn was an American politician.
From Manitowoc County, Wisconsin, Kuehn served in the Wisconsin State Assembly 1849–1850. From 1856 to 1858, Kuehn served as the Wisconsin State Treasurer.
Notes
People from Manitowoc County, Wisconsin
Members of the Wisconsin State Assembly
State treasurers of Wisconsin
Clipyn Du is a mountain in northern Powys in Wales. Also known as Tarren Bwlch-Gwyn or Siambwr Trawsfynydd, it is one of the higher summits of the area and is located a few miles north of Pumlumon. Tarren Bwlch-Gwyn is the name of a steep-sided escarpment nearby. It is classed as a HuMP, having over 100 metres of Topographic prominence. Nearby is a lake, Glaslyn.
External links
www.geograph.co.uk : photos of clipyn du and surrounding area
Mountains and hills of Powys
Potamarcha is a genus of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae.
Species of Potamarcha are medium sized dragonflies
found in southern Asia and Australia.
Potamarcha was first described by Ferdinand Karsch in 1890.
Species
The genus Potamarcha includes two species:.
References
Libellulidae
Anisoptera genera
Odonata of Asia
Odonata of Australia
Taxa named by Ferdinand Karsch
Insects described in 1890
The Collection is a set of shops and restaurants near the Friendship Heights Metro stations on Wisconsin Avenue in Chevy Chase, Maryland, along the Washington, D.C.-Maryland border. The shopping center was developed by the Chevy Chase Land Company, a privately owned development corporation that has owned the land for more than a century.
The Chevy Chase Land Company was founded in 1890 by U.S. Senator Francis G. Newlands, who acquired a great deal of property in the D.C. area. In 1906, the parcel where The Collection now sits was sold to a white straw buyer for a group of African American investors. When the Company and the sellers learned that the group intended to sell plots to other African Americans, they maneuvered to block the land transfer and erase the planned development of Belmont from the property books of Montgomery County, Maryland.
The shopping area now called The Collection was built in the 1950s, one of the two first strip shopping centers in suburban Maryland.
For some three decades, the land was a parking lot. It took a decade for the Chevy Chase Land Company to bring The Collection project to fruition, due to community opposition and county zoning requirements. Set on of land, it incorporates a park.
The first stores began opening in the $165 million complex in the latter part of 2005, and the center held a grand opening celebration on May 4, 2006. Model Petra Němcová and Chris Matthews were among the featured guests at the opening party. The original tenants included Ralph Lauren, Barneys CO-OP, Cartier, Dior, Piazza Sempione, BVLGARI, Gucci, Louis Vuitton, Jimmy Choo, and Tiffany & Co.
Piazza Sempione closed in April 2011 and was replaced by Mexican restaurant Mi Cocina, which closed in November 2014. Barneys CO-OP closed in 2012. Dior, Gucci, and Louis Vuitton closed in 2016.
The shopping center was updated between 2017 and June 2019, when it shifted its focus from luxury retail establishments to more neighborhood restaurants and stores.
The Collection and its section of Wisconsin Avenue has been referred to as Washington's version of Rodeo Drive. For years, the surrounding shopping area had several high-end department stores, but while Saks Fifth Avenue still operates a block to the north and Bloomingdale's nearby, Lord & Taylor closed in 2020.
References
External links
The Collection at Chevy Chase
Buildings and structures in Montgomery County, Maryland
Friendship Village, Maryland
Tourist attractions in Montgomery County, Maryland
Shopping malls in the Washington metropolitan area
Shopping malls established in 2005
2005 establishments in Maryland
Chevy Chase, Maryland
Pandemis retroflua is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Madagascar.
References
Moths described in 1960
Pandemis
Eddie Dempsey (1911 - 7 February 1989) was an Irish National Hunt racing jockey, during the 1930s and 1940s.
They were born in County Meath in 1911.
They rode Caughoo to victory in the 1947 Grand National, and Prince Regent in the Enniskerry Hurdle in 1941.
In the 1947 Grand National, the jockey in second place (Daniel McCann) accused them of cheating by taking a shortcut in the fog, leading to the pair exchanging blows before the matter was settled in court.
They retired at the end of the 1950 season and lived in Donaghmore House in County Meath.
References
1911 births
1989 deaths
Irish jockeys
Sportspeople from County Meath
Toby Roger Hughes (born 15 February 1979) is an English former first-class cricketer.
Hughes was born at Stourport-on-Severn in February 1979. They were educated at Oldbury Wells School, before going up to Homerton College, Cambridge. While studying at Cambridge, they played first-class cricket for both Cambridge University and Cambridge UCCE from 2000–02. They made seven appearances for Cambridge University, which included two appearances in The University Match against Oxford, in addition to four appearances for Cambridge UCCE. Playing as a right-arm medium-fast bowler, they took 17 wickets in their eleven first-class matches, at an average of 50.76, with best figures of 3 for 55. 13 of these wickets came for Cambridge University.
Notes and references
External links
1979 births
Living people
People from Stourport-on-Severn
People educated at Oldbury Wells School
Alumni of Homerton College, Cambridge
English cricketers
Cambridge University cricketers
Cambridge MCCU cricketers
Witchfire is an upcoming first-person shooter video game by The Astronauts for Windows. The game is set to release in early access in late 2022.
Gameplay
Witchfire is to be an action-oriented, skill-based first-person shooter game with no cutscenes. The game would also feature elements commonly found in roguelike games.
Development and release
During the initial development, beginning towards the end of 2015, the game was being designed as a post-apocalyptic, science fiction survival simulator code-named "Astro Project 2", before turning into a dark fantasy first-person shooter. Witchfire was officially revealed at The Game Awards 2017. The Astronauts announced in January 2022 that Witchfire would be released via early access in late 2022.
As of 2019, the development team has nine full members with three contributors. The game is unrelated to the director Adrian Chmielarz's earlier Doom-style Painkiller (2004) and was also influenced by FromSoftware's Dark Souls and Bungie's Destiny series. Its art direction inspirations include works of American landscape painters such as Thomas Hill, Albert Bierstadt, and Frederic Edwin Church.
References
External links
of The Astronauts, including a weekly-updated Witchfire development blog
Alternate history video games
Fantasy video games
First-person shooters
Single-player video games
Unreal Engine games
Upcoming video games
Video games developed in Poland
Video games set in the 15th century
Video games about witchcraft
Windows-only games
Windows games
Early access video games
Livezi is a commune in Bacău County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Bălăneasa, Livezi, Orășa, Poiana, Prăjoaia and Scăriga.
Natives
Gheorghe Poenaru
References
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Christiana Boateng (born 24 February 1943, date of death unknown) was a Ghanaian sprinter. They competed in the women's 100 metres at the 1964 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1943 births
Year of death missing
Athletes (track and field) at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Ghanaian female sprinters
Olympic athletes of Ghana
Athletes (track and field) at the 1962 British Empire and Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games competitors for Ghana
Place of birth missing
Olympic female sprinters
David Carr (born 15 June 1932) is an Australian masters track and field athlete, known for running middle distance races.  They are the current world record holder in the M75 800 metres, the M80 Mile, 2000 metres steeplechase and as a member of the 4x400 metres relay team. They also have a hand timed result in the M80 800 metres that is superior to the world record but has not been ratified.
Athletic achievements
In the World Masters Athletics Championships, in the 800 metres, Carr has won the gold medal in 1999, 2001, 2003, 2007, 2011, 2013 and 2015. They took silver behind Janusz Kociszewski in 2008 and 2005, with silvers also in 1987 and 1993. And they were bronze medalist behind Earl Fee in 1997. They won the 1500 metres in 1997, 2007, 2013 and 2015, with a silver in 2003 and bronze in 2011. They also won the steeplechase in 2011, 2013 and 2015 after taking silver in 2009. In the 400 metres they won the world title in 2009, 2013 and 2015 along with a bronze in 1993.
In 2008 and 2009 they were awarded the Brian Foley award by Australian Masters Athletics for the best age graded 800 metre/1500 metre performances in those years.
Carr came in second in worldwide voting for the best masters athlete of 2015.
As perhaps the poster boy for the event, Carr is looking forward to the World Championships coming to their home town of Perth in October 2016.
Carr has been involved in the sport since 1948, with time out for service in the Navy and as a teacher. They began running in the Masters division in 1974 and went to their first World Championship in 1980. In local meets they have tried most events in the sport.
References
Living people
1932 births
Australian male middle-distance runners
Australian male steeplechase runners
World record holders in masters athletics
Dame Henrietta Miriam Ottoline Leyser (born 7 March 1965) is a British plant biologist and Regius Professor of Botany at the University of Cambridge, Chief Executive Officer of UK Research and Innovation (UKRI) and the Sainsbury Laboratory, Cambridge.
Education
Leyser was born in England. Them birth was registered in Ploughley, Oxfordshire They attended Wychwood School in Oxford and the University of Cambridge as an undergraduate student of Newnham College, Cambridge, where they received their Bachelor of Arts degree in Natural Sciences in 1986 followed by a PhD in Genetics in 1990 for research supervised by Ian Furner.
Research and career
Them postdoctoral research at Indiana University preceded a lectureship at the University of York, where Leyser worked from 1994 - 2010. In 2010, Leyser was appointed Director of the Sainsbury Laboratory and Professor of Plant Development at the University of Cambridge.
Leyser's research interests are in the genetics of plant development and the interaction of plant hormones with the environment. Leyser is chair of the University of Cambridge Centre for Science and Policy Management Committee. In 2020 they were appointed the Chief Executive of UK Research and Innovation.
Awards and honours
Leyser was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society (FRS) in 2007. Them nomination reads:
Leyser was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2009 New Year Honours. They were a member of the Nuffield Council on Bioethics from 2009 to 2015, and a member of the Council's Working Party on Biofuels (2009-2011).
Leyser was elected a foreign associate of the US National Academy of Sciences in 2012. They have been a Member of the German Academy of Sciences Leopoldina since 2014. In 2016, they were awarded an honorary doctorate by the Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU). Other honours include the Society of Experimental Biology's President's Medal (2000), the Royal Society's Rosalind Franklin Award (2007), the International Plant Growth Substance Association's Silver Medal (2010), the UK Genetic Society Medal (2016, which recognises outstanding contributions to genetics research), and the EMBO Women in Science Award (2017).
Leyser was appointed Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE) in the 2017 New Year Honours for services to plant science, science in society, and equality and diversity in science. That same year, they received the Women in Science Award from the European Molecular Biology Organization (EMBO) and the Federation of European Biochemical Societies (FEBS).
Personal life
Leyser is the daughter of the historians Henrietta Leyser and Karl Leyser. They married Stephen John Day in 1986 and has one son and one daughter. They have been a guest of Jim Al-Khalili on the BBC Radio 4 programme The Life Scientific multiple times.
References
1965 births
Living people
British botanists
Women botanists
Female Fellows of the Royal Society
Members of the European Molecular Biology Organization
Academics of the University of York
Dames Commander of the Order of the British Empire
Foreign associates of the National Academy of Sciences
British women scientists
Alumni of Newnham College, Cambridge
Fellows of Clare College, Cambridge
Members of the German Academy of Sciences Leopoldina
British people of German descent
Regius Professors of Botany (Cambridge)
Magnesium hydroxychloride is the traditional term for several chemical compounds of magnesium, chlorine, oxygen, and hydrogen whose general formula x·y·z, for various values of x, y, and z; or, equivalently, . The simple chemical formula that is often used is MgClOH, which appears in high school subject, for example.Other names for this class are magnesium chloride hydroxide, magnesium oxychloride, and basic magnesium chloride. Some of these compounds are major components of Sorel cement.
Compounds
The ternary diagram of the system – – has the following well-defined and stable phases:
(magnesium hydroxide, the mineral brucite)
2··4 = ·4 ("phase 2", "2:1:4")
3··8 = 2·4 ("phase 3", "3:1:8")
5··8 = 2·4 ("Phase 5", "5:1:8")
9··5 = ·5 ("Phase 9", "9:1:5")
·6 (magnesium chloride hexahydrate)
Phase 3 and phase 5 may exist at ambient temperature, whereas the phase 2 and phase 9 are stable only at temperatures above 100 °C. All these compounds are colorless crystalline solids.
At ambient temperature, there are also gel-like homogeneous phases that form initially when the reagents are mixed, and eventually crystallize as phase 5, phase 3, or mixtures with or ·6.
There are also other lower hydrates that can be obtained by heating the "natural" phases:
2··2 (phase 2 dihydrate; ~230 °C)
3··5 (phase 3 pentahydrate; ~110 °C)
3··4 (phase 3 tetrahydrate; ~140 °C)
5··4 (phase 5 tetrahydrate; ~120 °C)
5··3 (phase 5 trihydrate; ~150 °C)
9··2 (phase 9 dihydrate; ~190 °C)
In addition, a heptahydrate of phase 5, 5··7, can be obtained by washing the natural octahydrate with ethanol.
All four stable phases have anhydrous versions, such as 3· (anhydrous phase 3) and 5· (anhydrous phase 5), with the crystal structure of . They can be obtained by heating them to about 230 °C (phases 3 and 5) about 320 °C (phase 2), and about 260 °C (phase 9).
History
These compounds are the primary components of matured magnesia cement, invented in 1867 by the French chemist Stanislas Sorel.
In the late 19th century, several attempts were made to determine the composition of set Sorel's cement, but the results were not conclusive. Phase 3 was properly isolated and described by Robinson and Waggaman in 1909, and phase 5 was identified by Lukens in 1932.
Properties
Solubility
The oxychlorides are only very slightly soluble in water.
In the system MgO – – at about 23 °C, the completely liquid region has vertices at the following triple equilibrium points (as mass fractions, not molar fractions):
S1 = 0.008 MgO + 0.170 + 0.822 (Sol::P5)
S2 = 0.010 MgO + 0.222 + 0.768 (Sol:P5:P3)
S3 = 0.012 MgO + 0.345 + 0.643 (Sol:P3:·6)
The other vertices are pure water, magnesium chloride hexahydrate, and the saturated solution (0.0044 MgO + 0.9956 by mass).
Decomposition and degradation
The anhydrous forms decompose when heated above 450-500 °C by decomposition of the hydroxide and chloride anions, releasing water and hydrogen chloride and leaving a magnesium oxide residue, by the reactions:
2 → +
+ 2 → + 2
Extended exposure of magnesium oxychlorides to water leaches out the soluble , leaving hydrated brucite .
On exposure to the atmosphere, the oxychlorides will slowly react with carbon dioxide from the air to form magnesium chlorocarbonates. Anhydrous and partially hydrated forms also absorb water, turning into phase 5 and then phase 3 on the way to the chlorocarbonate. The exceptions are the dihydrate and hexahydrate of phase 9, that remain unchanged for many months.
Structure
The crystal structure of phase 3 is triclinic with space group and z = 2. The solid consists polymeric aquohydroxo cations, in the form of double chains of magnesium atoms surrounded and bridged by the oxygen atoms in hydroxy groups and complexed water molecules. These linear cations are interleaved and neutralized by chloride anions and some unbound water molecules, yielding the general formula []n+ ·n · n.
The structure of phase 5 is believed to be similar, with generic formula []n+·n · n(4-x).
The anhydrous forms of phase 3 and phase 5 have the same structure as : namely, layers of magnesium cations, each sandwiched between two layers of hydroxy or chloride anions.
Phase 5 crystals form as long needles consisting of rolled-up sheets.
The Raman spectrum of phase 3 has peaks at 3639 and 3657 cm−1, whereas phase 5 has peaks at 3608 and 3691 cm−1, and brucite has a peak at 3650 cm−1. These peaks are attributed to stretching vibrations of the OH groups. Phase 3 has also a peak at 451 cm−1, attributed to the stretching of Mg–O bonds.
Preparation
From MgO or and
Phases 3 and 5 can be prepared by mixing powdered magnesium oxide with a solution of magnesium chloride in water , in molar ratios 3:1:11 and 5:1:13, respectively, at room temperature. This is the common method of preparing Sorel magnesia cement. Magnesium hydroxide can also be used instead of the oxide, with adjusted amount of water.
For best results, the magnesium oxide should have small particle size and large surface area. It can be prepared by calcination of magnesium hydroxycarbonate ·4 at about 600 °C. Higher temperatures increase particle size leading to slower reaction rate.
It is believed that, during the reaction, the magnesium oxide is continuously hydrated and dissolved, helped by the slightly acidic character of the magnesium chloride solution. The acidity is attributed to hydrolysis of the magnesium hexahydrate cations:
↔ +
The protons (which are actually hydrated, e.g. as ) make the solution acidic; the pH varies from 6.5 to 4.7 as the concentration of increases from 30% to 70% (weight basis). The protons then react with and dissolve the nearly insoluble oxide or hydroxide, by such reactions as
+ 2 + 5 →
+ + 4 →
The ions and in solution then combine into complex cations with multiple magnesium atoms, bridged by hydroxide anions and water molecules (magnesium aquohydroxo complexes), with general formula [](2x−y)+. This process involves additional hydrolysis, turning some ligands into and freeing more , which keeps dissolving more oxide. With enough magnesium chloride, the dissolution of the oxide is relatively fast, and a clear solution of magnesium aquohydroxo cations can be obtained by filtration.
Over a period of several hours, those cations keep combining into larger complexes, becoming less soluble as they grow. After a few hours (at room temperature), those cations and the chloride anions precipitate as (or turn the solution into) a hydrogel, which then gradually crystallizes into a mixture of phase 3, phase 5, solid magnesium oxide and/or chloride, and/or some residual solution. Depending on the proportion of the reagents, phase 5 may form at first, but then will react with excess chloride to form phase 3.
The magnesium oxide can also react with water to form the hydroxide, which, being poorly soluble, would coat the oxide grains and stop further hydration. The acidity provided by hydrolysis of the cations in solution dissolves this coating, and thus allows the process to run continuously until one of the reagents is exhausted.
From MgO or and HCl
The compounds can also be prepared from magnesium oxide or hydroxide and hydrochloric acid. The – – phase diagram is contained in the – – diagram.
From and NaOH
The difficulties of preparing the magnesium oxide and ensuring its full reaction can be avoided by using instead of or , so that all reagents are solutions. However, sodium chloride may also precipitate for certain concentrations of the reagents.
With this route, stable phase 5 precipitates in a rather narrow range of conditions, namely when the concentration [Cl] of chloride anions in solution is 2.02 ± 0.03 mol/L, the concentration [Mg] of magnesium (as and other cations) is 1.78 ± 0.07 mol/L, and the pH is 7.65 ± 0.05. Stable phase 3 precipitates in a broader range of cases, namely when [Cl] is 6.48 ± 2.17 mol/L, [Mg] is 3.14 ± 1.12 mol/L, and the pH is 6.26 ± 0.14
Other
A short note from 1872 reported the formation a solid with approximate formula 5··13, as a mass of fine needles, from a solution of magnesium ammonium chloride with excess ammonia left standing for several months.
G. André claimed in 1882 the preparation of anhydrous oxychlorides by fusing anhydrous magnesium chloride with powdered magnesium oxide.
References
Magnesium compounds
Chlorides
Oxides
Metal halides
Oxychlorides
Acacia baileyana or Cootamundra wattle is a shrub or tree in the genus Acacia. The scientific name of the species honours the botanist Frederick Manson Bailey. It is indigenous to a very small area in southern inland New South Wales, comprising Temora, Cootamundra, Stockinbingal and Bethungra districts. However, it has been widely planted in other Australian states and territories. In many areas of Victoria, it has become naturalised and is regarded as a weed, outcompeting indigenous Victorian species.
Almost all wattles have cream to golden flowers. The small flowers are arranged in spherical to cylindrical inflorescences, with only the stamens prominent. Wattles have been extensively introduced into New Zealand.
Uses
A. baileyana is used in Europe in the cut flower industry. It is also used as food for bees in the production of honey. American urban landscape designer Renée Gunter uses this plant in their South Los Angeles lawn as a drought-resistant alternative to thirstier plants.
Less than 0.02% alkaloids were found in a chemical analysis of Acacia baileyana.
Cultivation
This plant is adaptable and easy to grow. It has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit. Unfortunately, it has an ability to naturalise (i.e. escape) into surrounding bushland. Also, it hybridises with some other wattles, notably the rare and endangered Sydney Basin species Acacia pubescens.
A prostrate weeping form is in cultivation. Its origin is unknown, but it is a popular garden plant, with its cascading horizontal branches good for rockeries. The fine foliage of the original Cootamundra wattle is grey-green, but a blue-purple foliaged form, known as 'Purpurea' is very popular.
Use of colour
The colour Cootamundra wattle is used currently by the Australian Capital Territory Fire Brigade as their colour scheme for firefighting appliances.
Gallery
References
Cited text
External links
Acacia baileyana
baileyana
Fabales of Australia
Flora of New South Wales
Garden plants of Australia
Shrubs
Taxa named by Ferdinand von Mueller
Plants described in 1888
2016 ACC Tournament may refer to:
2016 ACC men's basketball tournament
2016 ACC women's basketball tournament
2016 ACC Men's Soccer Tournament
2016 ACC Women's Soccer Tournament
2016 Atlantic Coast Conference Baseball Tournament
2016 Atlantic Coast Conference Softball Tournament
David L. Altheide (born August 9, 1945) is an American sociologist. They taught for thirty-seven years at Arizona State University and is Regents' Professor Emeritus of the School of Justice and Social Inquiry there.
Educational background
David Altheide received their B.A. in 1967 from Central Washington State College, with a distinction in Sociology and a minor in Philosophy. After receiving their bachelor's degree, they were awarded a Title IV National Defense Education Act (NDEA) Fellowship to attend the University of Washington, where they graduated in 1969 with an M.A. in Sociology. Altheide continued their graduate studies in Sociology, receiving a fellowship from the National Institute of Mental Health (N.I.M.H) to attend the University of California, San Diego (UCSD). In 1974, they graduated from UCSD with a Doctoral Degree in Sociology.
Appointments and positions
While studying toward their doctorate at the University of California, San Diego, Altheide held several teaching positions as well as administrative appointments. From 1968 to 1970, they were an instructor at Southern Colorado State College (now Colorado State University-Pueblo); they were a tenured assistant professor from 1970 to 1971 at Southern Colorado State College, where they also served as the Sociology Department's chairperson in 1971. From 1971 to 1973, Altheide was a part-time instructor and a teaching assistant (T.A.) at the following colleges and universities throughout San Diego: San Diego State University, Chapman College, Grossmont College, and UCSD.
After receiving their PhD in Sociology in 1974 from UCSD, Altheide began their career at Arizona State University in Tempe, Arizona as a visiting professor. From 1975 to 1982, they became an associate professor of Sociology; from 1982 to 1983, they served as an associate professor at Arizona State's Center for the Study of Justice. In 1983, Altheide was promoted the position of full professor, and for the next seven years (until 1990), they were a professor in the School of Justice Studies. In 1991, while on the faculty of the School of Justice Studies, Altheide was awarded the title of Regents' Professor, Arizona State University's highest faculty honor. The Regents' Professor title "is conferred on ASU faculty who have made pioneering contributions in their areas of expertise, who have achieved a sustained level of distinction, and who enjoy national and international recognition for these accomplishments."
Altheide has served as resource faculty at Evergreen State College from 2008 to 2009, and has also held faculty positions abroad. In the spring of 1981, they were a visiting professor in the Department of Sociology at the University of Lund in Lund, Sweden. In the spring of 1988 they were named an honorary research fellow in the Department of Sociology at the University of Lancaster in Lancaster, England.
Areas of research
Altheide's research broadly focuses on qualitative methodology and the media's impact on society. More specifically, on their website, Altheide reflects on their more than 43-year career, defining their expertise as falling within five research areas: Mass Communication, Qualitative Research Methods, Deviant Behavior, Propaganda and Official Information, and Social Control. More recently, Altheide's work has focused on three areas of research. The first explores the relationship between the media and fear. Altheide's second research focus examines the media as a form of social control. And, lastly, Altheide devotes their research to the development of qualitative methodology, specifically Ethnographic Content Analysis (ECA). These three areas of research are defined and analyzed here. One of their main themes of studies is the role fear in politics. Altheide holds the thesis that fear is mediatically and politically manipulated to impose economic policies otherwise would be neglected by citizens.
Publications
(2002). Creating Fear: News and the Construction of Crisis. Hawthorne, NY: Aldine de Gruyter.
(1996). Qualitative Media Analysis. Newbury Park, CA: Sage.
, & Schneider, C.J. (2013). Qualitative Media Analysis Second Edition Newbury Park, CA: Sage.
(1995). An Ecology of Communication: Cultural Formats of Control. Hawthorne, NY: Aldine de Gruyter.
, & Snow, R. P. (1991). Media Worlds in the Postjournalism Era. Hawthorne, NY: Aldine de Gruyter.
(1985). Media Power.'' Beverly Hills, CA: Sage.
Altheide has published and/or presented more than 160 papers (i.e.., journal articles and book chapters).
Works cited/references
American sociologists
1945 births
Living people
Colorado State University Pueblo faculty
Australia the Lucky Cunt is an extended play by Australian alternative rock band TISM. It was released on 3 September 1993. The title is a play on the expression "The Lucky Country".
The EP was withdrawn from sale one week after release following legal action being taken by artist and designer Ken Done due to the original cover art, which shows a koala with a syringe in its mouth. Subsequently, Done obtained an injunction order banning the sale of the EP. The EP was subsequently re-released in November 1993 under the title "Censored Due To Legal Advice", with new cover art depicting an incident where Irish singer Sinéad O'Connor tore up a picture of Pope John Paul II on Saturday Night Live (with the image of the Pope being altered to the TISM logo).
The EP was later deleted from the Shock Records catalogue, and its tracks were added to the 1997 reissue of Beasts of Suburban.
Track listing
Release history
References
TISM albums
1993 EPs
Shock Records EPs
Neil Roderick Thomas MBE is a retired English artistic gymnast who experienced most of their success in the floor exercises. An acknowledged inspiration to the golden generation of British gymnasts from 2004 onwards, and a pathfinder for their national programme, they were former world silver medalist and Commonwealth Games Champion and one of the most successful British gymnasts in the history of the sport.
Career
Born in Chirk, Wrexham in Wales on 6 April 1968, Thomas was noteworthy as a successful gymnast at world and international level at a time when British gymnastics generally did not figure at that level, and is regarded as an important torchbearer in the sport for the later successes of Beth Tweddle and Louis Smith which in turn ignited, and helped secure funding for, the revolution in British gymnastics in the 2010s that saw Great Britain become a leading nation in the sport.
Winner of three gold medals spanning two Commonwealth Games, Thomas also added a world silver medal on the floor in 1993, and repeating the feat in 1994. they finished 20th at the Barcelona Olympics in 1992. Representing England they won a Commonwealth gold medal on the floor and a silver in the team competition in Auckland, New Zealand.
They also won the vault bronze medal at European Championships in 1990. In 1993 they won Great Britain's first World Championship medal in Artistic Gymnastics (silver) 1993. A year later they won a gold medal on floor and became All-around champion at the 1994 Commonwealth Games, and also won the silver medal on floor at World Championships in Brisbane.
Post-retirement and personal life
They were awarded the Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 1995 New Year Honours for services to gymnastics and in recognition of their near single-handed achievement in putting British men's gymnastics on the map.
Following retirement, Thomas works as a development officer in the north west of England.  They are a member of the Liverpool Gymnastics Club.  They are cousin to TV journalist Owen Spencer-Thomas, who was also awarded the MBE.
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
British male artistic gymnasts
Commonwealth Games medallists in gymnastics
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for England
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for England
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for England
Gymnasts at the 1990 Commonwealth Games
Gymnasts at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Gymnasts at the 1994 Commonwealth Games
Olympic gymnasts of Great Britain
People from Chirk
Medalists at the World Artistic Gymnastics Championships
Members of the Order of the British Empire
Graham Leslie Lionel Clark (born 16 December 1959) is an English jazz violinist based in Buxton, Derbyshire.
They also play electric guitar. A freelance violinist in most styles of jazz, rock, blues and pop, they specialise in improvisation.
They worked with Daevid Allen from 1988 to 2014:
August 1988 – October 1989: with the Invisible Opera Company of Tibet
October 1989 – December 1991: with Gongmaison
February 1992 – December 1992: with Magick Brothers / Gong
December 1996 – 2014: with Magick Brothers
They have also worked with Andy Sheppard, Keith Tippett, Tim Richards, Phil Lee, Paz, Brian Godding, Elbow, Lamb, Bryan Glancy, Little Sparrow, Jah Wobble, Graham Massey, Louis Gordon and Liz Fletcher.
Notable performances
"Flocking", 2007, a collaboration between Clark's improvising string quartet and four singers.
World premiere of two suites by Jean-Claude Vannier, October, 2006 at the Barbican, London: featured soloist with BBC Concert Orchestra.
BBC Radio 3 broadcast for "Mixing It", 2004: improvised violin duets with Mark Feldman.
Selected discography
Featured artist on:
2009 Improvisations: Series 1 Graham Clark & Stephen Grew (GAS)
2005 Toolshed Album Toolshed (Twisted Nerve)
1997 Isthmus Clark, Thorne, Fell (GAS)
1997 Typhoid and Swans Sleepy People (Edgy Records)
1995 Dreaming a Dream Daevid Allen (GAS)
1992 Shapeshifter Gong (Celluloid, France)
1989 Gongmaison Gongmaison (Demi Monde)
References
External links
Artist's website
1959 births
Living people
British jazz violinists
British male jazz musicians
English violinists
British male violinists
Place of birth missing (living people)
People educated at Manchester Grammar School
Free improvising musicians
Free jazz violinists
Avant-garde jazz violinists
Gong (band) members
21st-century violinists
21st-century British male musicians
Reward is an unincorporated community in western Kern County, California.
Geography
It is located west-northwest of McKittrick, at an elevation of in the southern Temblor Range. Reward is located in the McKittrick Oil Field.
History
Reward was the location of the Aguaje de Santa Maria (Waterhole of Saint Mary) water stop on the 19th century El Camino Viejo in Alta California.
The first wooden oil derrick in Kern County was constructed at the future site of Reward in 1878, to drill for flux oil to mix with asphalt that was being mined in Asphalto and refined in McKittrick. The settlement of Reward was founded in 1907, its name derived from the discovery of oil at the site. A post office operating there from 1909 to 1937.
References
Unincorporated communities in Kern County, California
El Camino Viejo
Temblor Range
Populated places established in 1907
1907 establishments in California
Unincorporated communities in California
Shin-Ru Shih () is the director of the Research Center for Emerging Viral Infections and holds a professorship in the Department of Medical Biotechnology and Laboratory Science and Graduate Program of Biomedical Sciences at Chang Gung University.  They are also the medical director of the Clinical Virology Laboratory, Chang Gung Memorial Hospital.
Education
Shin-Ru Shih received their bachelor's degree in Medical Technology and master's degree in Biochemistry from National Taiwan University and their Ph.D. in Biochemistry and Molecular Biology from Rutgers University, New Jersey, USA.
Research and career
Shih established a Molecular Virology Laboratory at Chang Gung University in 1996 and was appointed Medical Director in Clinical Virology Laboratory, Chang Gung Memorial Hospital in 1998. They also established the Research Center for Emerging Viral Infections at Chang Gung University in 2009, and took the lead as center director since then.
Shih's group considers various aspects of emerging RNA viruses, including identification of viral pathogens during outbreaks, mechanistic studies of pathogenesis, and development of vaccines and antiviral agents.
They identified several nuclear proteins that redistribute to cytoplasm and regulate viral translation. Since picornaviruses use their internal ribosome entry site (IRES) located in 5' untranslated region (5' UTR) to translate their proteins, Shih's group discovered a novel machinery regulating IRES-dependent translation by using IRES RNA to pull down host cell proteins and RNAs. Their findings include the discovery of a novel IRES trans-acting factor (ITAF), far upstream element binding protein 1 (FBP1), which positively regulate EV-A71 IRES activity. Furthermore, Shih's team found that EV-A71 viral proteinase 2A is capable of cleaving FBP1. The cleavage occurs at the Gly-371 residue of FBP1 during the EV-A71 infection process, and this generates a functional cleavage product, FBP11-371, which acts to promote viral IRES activity. Moreover, FBP1 and FBP11-371 could act additively to promote IRES-mediated translation and virus yield. They also identified another protein in the same family, far upstream element binding protein 2 (FBP2), to be a negative regulator for EV71 IRES. However, upon virus infection, FBP2 was cleaved and the truncated FBP2 without C-terminal domain becomes a positive regulator. They further proved that the ubiquitination of FBP2 in its C-terminal domain causes a negative regulation of IRES.
Shih was awarded the National Medal for Outstanding Young Scientist from the Executive Yuan in 2004 and Outstanding Research Award from Ministry of Science and Technology in 2012 for their contribution to EV-A71 outbreak control and research in Taiwan. More recently, they received a Research Grant Award from the Human Frontier Science Program (HFSP, among 21 Program Grants awarded from a total of over 1000 applications in 2015).
More recently, as the COVID-19 pandemic poses a threat to global health, Shih's group also conducted research regarding SARS-CoV-2, identifying therapeutic targets and developing diagnostic tools.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Taiwanese virologists
Taiwanese women scientists
National Taiwan University alumni
Rutgers University alumni
Sahra Ahmed Mohamoud () is a Somali singer and cultural activist. also known as professionally Sahra Halgan as their stage name .
Biography
Halgan was born in 1972 in Hargeisa, Somaliland, at the time led by Mohamed Siad Barre. At 13 years old, they began to sing. Performing on the stage and singing in public is frowned upon by their community, but they have persisted. The Somali civil war broke out in the late 1970s against Barre. Resistance movements, supported by the Ethiopian government, began to develop. The Somali National Movement (SNM), in particular, seized Burao and Hargeisa. In 1988, Barré decided to put an end to the rebellion by force and launched a heavy bombing campaign focusing on Hargeisa. Halgan, who was only 16 years old and had no previous training, worked as a nurse for the SNM.
They said, "At the front, I was finally free. The soldiers had other things to do than forbid me to sing." Barré was removed from power on 26 January 1991. On 18 May 1991, Somaliland declared independence.
Career
Halgan then left to take refuge in Europe and recuperate, and settled in Lyon. They were granted political refugee status. They worked odd jobs in the city, getting involved in neighborhood life and returning to music. In 2009, they released their first album, Somaliland, which did not get much response. Then they worked on a second project, a trio with percussionist Aymeric Krol and guitarist Maël Salètes, who had met in Lyon. Them second album, Faransiskiyo Somaliland, was released in 2015. The music combined Tuareg rock and East African rhythms.
In 2015, they returned to live in Somaliland after going back and forth between their native region and France. They founded a cultural center devoted to music and poetry in Hargeisa, their hometown and capital of Somaliland. They released a third album, Waa Dardaaran, in 2019.
References
Somaliland women
1972 births
Living people
The DOCUTAH International Documentary Film Festival is an annual film festival, held in the Fall, that strives to recognize some of the best in international documentary films. Hosted by Utah Tech University (UT; formerly known as Dixie State University/DSU.) the festival screens films at the Red Cliffs Theater behind the Red Cliffs Mall in St. George, Utah, with special events throughout Southern Utah.
DOCUTAH, also, has an educational focus, and features “master class educational seminars.”
History
Utah Tech University, then known as DSU, founded DOCUTAH in 2010. From the beginning, this festival has aimed to provide attendees with not only a meaningful film-going experience, but also an educational one through its “master class educational seminars.”
The originator of the festival idea, Phil Tuckett, serves as the director of DSU Films. When they returned to their junior college (DSU) in 2006, after 38 years of working for NFL Films and receiving 30 Emmy Awards, they felt that the southern Utah area would serve as the perfect place to hold an international documentary film festival.
After working for several months to make their vision come to fruition, Tuckett officially announced DOCUTAH on 24 September 2009.
The City of St. George, the St. George Convention and Tourism office, the City of Kanab, and Kane County's Office of Tourism and Film Commission (along with the Center for Education, Business, and the Arts) were some of the first to support and sponsor DOCUTAH.
Structure
The festival runs for 7 days annually, in the fall.
Screenings
The festival screens films at the Red Cliffs Theater behind Red Cliffs Mall and the Eccles Performing Arts Center at Utah Tech University, with various locations for special events. Special events location involves the O.C. Tanner Amphitheater in Springdale, UT.
DOCtalks
Film industry professionals are scheduled to talk about their experiences and the process of making films.
Film Categories
DOCUTAH has two separate film entry categories, one for general entrants and one for students. These both have sub-categories.
General:
Short documentaries up to 45 minutes (including titles and credits)
Features more than 45 minutes
Student:
College/University Student Film
Awards
Six judges make up the DOCUTAH awards panel.
They confer the honors for the following categories:
Best Feature
Best Short
Audience Favorite- Feature
Audience Favorite- Short
Best Foreign Film
Emerging Artist
Humanitarian
President's Award
Dean's Award
Mayor's Award
See also
Utah Tech University
References
External links
Southern Utah International Documentary Film Festival
Dixie State University
Utah Tech University
Documentary film festivals in the United States
Film festivals in Utah
Film festivals established in 2009
The McKinstrey House is a historic house located at 111 High Street in Taunton, Massachusetts.
Description and history
It was built in 1759 for surgeon William McKinstry, born in Ellington, Connecticut. They were a Tory in the Revolution, and died of tuberculosis on a ship in Boston Harbor at the evacuation of Boston in 1776. The house and property were confiscated by the Massachusetts Legislature in 1779. The 2-story brick-end house is arranged on a symmetrical 5-bay plan with a hipped roof framed by four interior chimneys.
 They are mentioned in the Diary of John Adams (June 1771).
In June 1763, the house was the scene of a grisly murder where the McKinstrey's sister Elizabeth was murdered by an enslaved man called Bristol.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 5, 1984. It is now the rectory for St. Thomas Episcopal Church, next door.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Taunton, Massachusetts
List of historic houses in Massachusetts
References
National Register of Historic Places in Taunton, Massachusetts
Houses completed in 1759
Houses in Taunton, Massachusetts
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Georgian architecture in Massachusetts
Sangkum Thmei () is a district located in Preah Vihear province, in northern Cambodia. According to the 1998 census of Cambodia, it had a population of 13,773.
Administration
The following table shows the villages of Sangkum Thmei district by commune.
References
Districts of Preah Vihear province
Feyzabad (, also Romanized as Feyẕābād; also known as Feyẕābād-e Gonghā) is a village in Mazul Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 453, in 116 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
This is list of members of the Argentine Senate from 10 December 2013 to 9 December 2015.
Composition
as of 9 December 2015
Senate leadership
Election cycles
List of senators
Notes
References
External links
List on the official website (archived)
2013-2015
2013 in Argentina
2014 in Argentina
2015 in Argentina
Doxifluridine is a second generation nucleoside analog prodrug developed by Roche and used as a cytostatic agent in chemotherapy in several Asian countries including China and South Korea. Doxifluridine is not FDA-approved for use in the USA. It is currently being evaluated in several clinical trials as a stand-alone or combination therapy treatment.
Biology
5-fluorouracil (5-FU), the nucleobase of doxifluridine, is currently an FDA-approved antimetabolite. 5-FU is normally administered intravenously to prevent its degradation by dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase in the gut wall. Doxifluridine (5´-deoxy-5-fluorouridine) is a fluoropyrimidine derivative of 5-FU, thus a second-generation nucleoside prodrug. Doxifluridine was designed to improve oral bioavailability in order to avoid dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase degradation in the digestive system.
Within a cell, pyrimidine nucleoside phosphorylase or thymidine phosphorylase can metabolize doxifluridine into 5-FU. It is also a metabolite of capecitabine. High levels of pyrimidine-nucleoside phosphorylase and thymidine phosphorylase are expressed in esophageal, breast, cervical, pancreatic, and hepatic cancers. Liberation of 5-FU is the active metabolite and leads to inhibition of DNA synthesis and cell death.
Side effects
High thymidine phosphorylase expression is also found in the human intestinal tract, resulting in dose-limiting toxicity (diarrhea) in some individuals.
The most frequent adverse effects for doxifluridine were neurotoxicity and mucositis.
Brand names
Doxifluridine is sold under many brand names:
References
Antineoplastic drugs
Nucleosides
Organofluorides
Fluoropyrimidines
Bruce Lee (1940–1973) was a Chinese-American martial artist, actor, martial arts instructor, philosopher, and filmmaker.
Bruce Lee may also refer to:
People
Bruce George Peter Lee (born 1960), British arsonist and serial killer
Bruce Lee Rothschild, mathematics professor
Mike Park, American musician aka Bruce Lee
Books
Bruce Lee (comics), 1995 Malibu Comics comic
Bruce Lee: The Man Only I Knew, biography
Bruce Lee Library, a set of non-fiction books
Motion pictures
Bruce Lee (2017 film), a Tamil action-comedy film
Bruce Lee: A Dragon Story, fictionalized biopic
Bruce Lee: A Warrior's Journey, documentary film
Bruce Lee, My Brother, biopic
Bruce Lee: The Curse of the Dragon, biopic
Bruce Lee: The Lost Interview, interview film
Bruce Lee: The Man, The Myth, dramatized biopic
Bruce Lee – The Fighter, a Telugu film directed by Srinu Vytla and starring Ram Charan
Dragon: The Bruce Lee Story, biopic
The Legend of Bruce Lee, biopic
Videogames
Bruce Lee (video game), a 1984 platform fighter by Datasoft
Bruce Lee: Return of the Legend, a 2003 video game for the Game Boy Advance
Bruce Lee: Quest of the Dragon, a 2002 video game for the Xbox
Bruce Lee Lives: The Fall of Hong Kong Palace, a 1989 PC computer game
Dragon: The Bruce Lee Story, a 1993 video game
Bruce Lee: Enter the Game, a 2014 Android/iOS video game
Songs
"Bruce Lee" (song), a song by Underworld
"Bruce Lee", a 2016 song by Robbie Williams from The Heavy Entertainment Show
Other
The Bruce Lee Band, pop-punk band
Bruce Lee statue in Hong Kong
Mostar Bruce Lee statue
See also
Bruceploitation
Bruce Lai, Hong Kong actor and part of Bruceploitation
Bruce Le (呂小龍), Hong Kong actor and part of Bruceploitation
Bruce Li (何宗道), Taiwanese actor and Bruce Lee impersonator in Bruceploitation
Bruce-Li, the badminton team of Alexandra Bruce and Michelle Li
Simon Mottram is one of the founders and former Chief Executive of Rapha, a sportswear and lifestyle brand focused on road bicycle racing, clothing and accessories.
Early career
Simon worked for 15 years as a director of brand consultancy at Interbrand and a partner at a number of agencies, with a main focus on business relationships with luxury brands. They founded Rapha in 2004.
 They are also qualified as a chartered accountant with Price Waterhouse.
Personal life
Simon lives in London with their wife and three children.
References
1966 births
Living people
People from Rotherham
Businesspeople from London
District 30 of the Oregon House of Representatives is one of 60 House legislative districts in the state of Oregon. As of 2013, the boundary for the district includes a portion of Washington County. The current representative for the district is Democrat Nathan Sosa.
Election results
District boundaries have changed over time, therefore, representatives before 2013 may not represent the same constituency as today. General election results from 2000 to present are as follows:
See also
Oregon Legislative Assembly
Oregon House of Representatives
References
External links
Oregon House of Representatives Official site
Oregon Secretary of State: Redistricting Reform Task Force
Oregon House of Representatives districts
Washington County, Oregon
Edmond Couchot (August 16, 1932 – December 26, 2020) was a French digital artist and art theoretician who taught at the University Paris VIII.
Life and work
Couchot was a Doctor of aesthetics in the visual arts. From 1982-2000 they headed the department of Arts and Technologies of the Image at the University Paris VIII. They continued to take part in speculative and hands-on study of digital imagery and virtual reality at University Paris VIII.
As a theoretician Dr. Couchot was interested in the connection between art and technology, in particular between the visual arts and data-processing techniques. They published approximately 100 articles on the digital and 3 books.
As a visual artist Dr. Couchot formed cybernetic devices requiring the participation of the spectator in the 1960s. They extended their investigation with digital interactive art and was involved in numerous international digital art exhibitions.
References
Articles
«Le fantôme d'Humphrey Bogart ou Quelques questions sur la technologie», Recherches sociologiques, Les sociologies, volume XIII, N°1-2, 1982.
«La synthèse numérique de l'image : vers un nouvel ordre visuel», revue Traverses, n°26, octobre 1982.
«Prise de vue, prise de temps», Les cahiers de la photo, n°8, mars 1983.
«Images numériques» («Digital images») et
«Images et Electricité» («Images and Electricity»), catalogue de l'exposition «Electra», Musée d'Art Moderne de la Ville de Paris, décembre 1983.
«Image puissance image», Revue d'esthétique, n°7, juin 1984.
«Sens et contiguïté : la contagion de l'image», revue Traverses, n°32, août 1984.
«Les lendemains de la machine», ouvrage collectif autour de l'exposition «Les Immatériaux», 1984, 34 auteurs pour un colloque, CCI-Centre Georges Pompidou, mars 1985.
«Hybridations», ouvrage collectif Modernes et après; les Immatériaux, Autrement, avril 1985.
«Entrée des artistes», ouvrage collectif La provocation : Hommes et machines en société, CESTA, mai 1985.
«A la recherche du Temps réel», revue Traverses, n°35, septembre 1985.
«Tissage, Métissage : une culture numérique», actes du colloque «L'Imaginaire numérique», Imaginaire numérique, Hermès, avril 1986.
«Temps numérique et communication», revue Temps libre, 1985.
«Une double compétence : pourquoi faire?», actes de «La semaine de l'image électronique», CESTA, avril 1986.
«(Le masque et l'écran)», Revue d'esthétique, n°10, (Vidéo-Vidéo), juillet 1986.
«Von Bild zur Digitalkultur», Ars electronica 86; Computer Tage, actes du colloque de Linz, juin 1986.
«The training of artists in computer graphics», Computers and the Humanities, Paradigm Press, inc., Osprey, Florida, États-Unis, juillet-septembre 1986.
«Médias et Immédias», ouvrage collectif Art et Communication, Osiris, Paris, décembre 1986.
«La mémoire vive», Japon, Art vivant, n°1, janvier 1987.
«Les deux mondes», actes du 2e colloque «L'Imaginaire numérique», Imaginaire numérique, Hermès,1986.
«Sujet, Objet, Image», ouvrage collectif Nouvelles images, nouveau réel – Cahier internationaux de sociologie, PUF, Paris, janvier-juin 1987.
«Pluie, vapeur et vitesse – Lumière et calcul dans les processus automatiques de génération d'images», collectif La vitesse, revue Corps écrit, n°24, PUF, Paris, décembre 1987.
«Synthèse et simulation : l'autre image», ouvrage collectif Contre-bande, revue Hors-Cadre, PUV, avril 1988.
«Vices et vertus du virtuel», in actes du colloqueVers une culture de l'interactivité, Cité des Sciences et de l'Industrie, La Villette, Paris, mai 1988.
«La mosaïque ordonnée ou l'écran saisi par le calcul», Revue d'esthétique, septembre 1988.
«L'Odyssée, mille fois ou Les machines à langage», revue Traverses, n° 44-45, août 1988.
«HD-GC, une hybridation nécessaire», Computer Image & Hi-vision, CG 88, Tokyo, novembre 1988.
«La synthèse du temps», Les chemins du virtuel : Simulation informatique et création industrielle, Cahiers du CCI, Centre Georges Pompidou, Paris, avril 1989.
«Des images en quête d'auteur», ouvrage collectif Faire image, PUV, juillet 1989.
«Art et technique. L'émergence du numérique», collectif Arts de l'ère numérique, revue La pensée, n° 268, mars-avril 1989.
«Les années de la synthèse», catalogue de l'exposition Nos années 80, Fondation Cartier, juin 1989.
«La question du temps dans les techniques électroniques et numériques de l'image», 3e semaine internationale de Vidéo, Saint-Gervais Genève, novembre 1989.
«Programmer l'invisible», revue Littérature, Anatomie de l'emblème, n° 78, mai 1990.
«Boites noires», catalogue de l'exposition Art vidéo/ Art cinéma/ Art ordinateur, Paris, janvier 1990.
«Trance machines» (en anglais et en néerlandais), in catalogue de l'exposition What a wonderful world! Music video in architecture, Groningen Museum, Pays-Bas, 1990.
«De la représentation à la simulation. Evolution des techniques et des arts de la figuration», Culture technique (Images, techniques et société), février 1991.
«De la représentation à la simulation. Evolution des techniques et des arts de la figuration», revue Culture technique (Images, techniques et société), février 1991.
«Un fracassant Big Bang», revue Cinémas, Québec, 1991.
«Die Spiele des Realen und des Virtuellen», Digitaler Schein Ästhetik der elektronischen Medien Herausgegeben von Florian Rötzer, edition Suhrkamp, 1991.
«Une responsabilité assistée? Esthétique de la simulation», revue Art Press (Nouvelles technologies...), 1991.
«Utopie et uchronie : les univers virtuels de la simulation numérique», in Actes du quatrième colloque international de science-fiction de Nice, Revue du Centre de la Métaphore, Nice-Sophia Antipolis, 1992.
«Résonance. La condition d'intelligibilité de l'image», revue Littérature (La moiré de l'image), octobre 1992.
«Incidence du numérique sur l'art», revue Le Croquant, n° 12, 1992.
«Une marge étroite mais fertile (À l'interface du réel et du virtuel)», Revue virtuelle, n° 1, Centre G. Pompidou, avril 1992.
«L'interactivité dans la relation homme/machine», en collaboration avec M. Bret et M.-H. Tramus, collectif Les clés d'une communication réussie, Dunod, Paris, 1992.
« Zwischen Reellem und Virtuellem : Die Kunst der Hybridation », in Cyberspace. Zum medialem Gesamtkunstwerk, Boer, Munich, 1993.
« Les objets-temps : Au-delà de la forme », catalogue de l'exposition Design, du XIXe au XXIe siècle, Flammarion, mai 1993.
« Des outils, des mots et des figures. Vers un nouvel état de l'art », revue Réseaux, CNET, septembre 1993.
« Da Representação à Simulação », A imagen-machina. era das tecnologias do virtual, UFRJ, Rio de Janeiro, novembre 1993.
« Le geste et le calcul », revue Protée, automne 1993.
« Rupture et continuité – Les incidences du numérique sur l'art contemporain », collectif L'art d'aujourd'hui – Nouveaux concepts, nouveaux outils, revue Les Papiers, Presse Universitaires du Mirail, Toulouse, 1994.
« Rupture et continuité – Les incidences du numérique sur l'art contemporain », collectif L'art d'aujourd'hui – Nouveaux concepts, nouveaux outils, revue Les Papiers, Presses Universitaires du Mirail, Toulouse, 1994.
« Au-delà du cinéma. Image et temps numériques », actes du colloque Le temps au cinéma, Revue Cinémas, AQEC, Québec, 1994.
« Between the Real and the Virtual : The art of hybridization », Annual InterCommunication, Tokyo, 1994.
« Images, automatisme et subjectivité », publications du Collège iconique, groupe de recherche du Dépôt Légal, INA, 1994.
« Un supplément de temps. De la synthèse de l'image à la synthèse du temps »,
actes du colloque La pensée de l'image, revue Littérature, 1994.
« Le temps réel et l'interactivité dans les arts visuels », Technoculture Matrix, NTT Publishing, Tokyo, juin 1994, (en japonais).
« Les promesses de l'hybridation numérique », X, l'œuvre en procès, ouvrage collectif, Publications de la Sorbonne, janvier 1996.
« Du style et des images de synthèse », revue LIGEIA, n° 17-18, 1995-96.
« L'imagerie virtuelle : une entreprise de purification du réel », actes du colloque L'image – le su et l'insu, Sorbonne, 25 mars 1995, paru en septembre 1996.
« Des changements dans la hiérarchie du sensible – Le retour du corps », in Les Cinq sens et la création – Art, technologie et création, Champ Vallon, 1996.
« Entre lo real y lo virtual : un arte de la hibridación », in Arte en la era electrónica, Claudia Giametti, ed., Barcelona, 1997.
« Autre corps, autre image – autre image, autre corps », in Epipháneia, Minervini Editore, Napoli, avril 1997.
« A arte pode ainda ser um relógio que adiante ? O author, a obra e o espectador na hora do tempo real », in A arte no século XXXI, UNESP, Brésil, 1997.
« Problem czasu w elektronicznych i cyfrowych technicach obrazu », revue OPCJE, Pologne, 1997.« Présence et présent du corps dans les arts interactifs », in Pour une Écologie des Médias, Revue ASTARTI-Pour l'Art Audiovisuel, Paris, 1998.
« Un hyperlien social ? », in Troisième Millénaire, le lien social, Revue La Mazarine, juin 1999.
« Medien und Neu ‘Medien' : Von der Kommunikation zur Kommutation », Bield, Medium, Kunst, Wilhelm Fink Verlag, München, 1999.
« Contact et calcul dans les techniques figuratives », Revue Nouvelles de l'estampe, n° 167-8, BN de France, 1999-2000.
« L'art numérique : dissolution ou hybridation? », Revue Recherches en Esthétique, n° 6, oct. 2000.
« L'embarquement pour Cyber. Mythes et réalités de l'art en réseau », Revue d'Esthétique, n° 39, juillet 2001.
« La critique face à l'art numérique : Une introduction à la question », actes du séminaire Interart 1999-2000 — La Critique : le rapport à l'œuvre —, Klincksieck 2001; cet article est en ligne sur les sites du CICV et de l'Université de Rennes (revue en ligne Solaris).
« Digital Hybridisation. A Technique, an Aesthetic », Revue Convergence, n° 4, décembre 2002.
« L'art numérique », Encyclopaedia Universalis, 2002.
« De la communication à la commutation : l'art et le Web », Revue Ligeia — Art et Multimédia —, juillet-décembre 2003.
«Virtuel» & «Arts technologiques», Grand Dictionnaire de la Philosophie, Larousse, Paris, 2003.
«A segunda interativida. Em direção a novas práticas artísticas», in collaboration with M.-H. Tramus & M. Bret, Arte e vida no século XXI, UNESP, Brazil, 2003.
« Corps hybrides, les jeux du réel et du virtuel », Revue Visio, Actes du 6e congrès international de sémiotique visuelle, Québec, 2004.
à paraître :
« The Automatization of Figurative Techniques: towards the Autonomous Image », in Media Art History (titre provisoire), MIT Press, EU.
Books
Image. De l'optique au numérique, Hermès, Paris, 1988.
La Technologie dans l'art. De la photographie à la réalité virtuelle, Éditions Jacqueline Chambon, 1998; 271 pages.
A tecnologia na arte. Da fotografica à realidade virtual, (traduction en portugais par Sandra Rey de La technologie dans l'art. De la photographie à la réalité virtuelle), 2003, Universidade federal do Rio Grande do Sul, 319 pages.
Dialogues sur l'art et la technologie Autour d'Edmond Couchot, sous la direction de François Soulages, L'Harmattan, 2001.
L'Art numérique. Comment la technologie vient au monde de l'art, Flammarion, février 2003, en collaboration avec Norbert Hillaire.
Réédition en 2005, chez le même éditeur, collection "Champs".
Des Images, du temps et des machines, édité Actes Sud, 2007
La plume (1988) (en collaboration avec Michel Bret)
Pissenlit (1990) (en collaboration avec Michel Bret)
Ces œuvres (in progress) ont subi de très nombreuse modifications depuis leur origine et ont fait l'objet des expositions suivantes
Digital installations
1988 Pixim (Paris)
1992 The Robots (Nagoya; Japan)
1995 Press/Enter (Toronto; Canada)
1995 Images du Futur (Montréal; Canada)
1995 Biennale Internationnale de Kwangju (Korea)
1998 Exposition Art virtuel, création interactives
et multisensorielles (Boulogne-Billancourt; France)
1999 Bienal Mercosul (Porto Alegre; Brésil)
2000 Art Numérique (Centre culturel Saint-Exupéry; Reims)
2001 Art.outsiders (Maison Européenne de la photographie; Paris)
2003 Le Voyage de l'Homme immobile (Musée d'art contemporain; Gène)
2005 Natural/Digital (numeriscausa à la Biche de Bère Gallery; Paris)
La Maison Européenne de la Photographie acquis l'œuvre Je souffle à tout vent, en septembre 2001.
External links
1932 births
2020 deaths
French digital artists
Paris 8 University Vincennes-Saint-Denis faculty
Postmodern artists
French contemporary artists
New media artists
Mass media theorists
This is a list of currently enthroned monarchs sorted by length of service.
This list includes monarchs who do not reign over entire nations, such as Muhammad V of Kelantan, but does not include former monarchs and pretenders, such as Simeon II of Bulgaria, ex officio monarchs such as Emmanuel Macron who in their capacity as President of France is also Co-Prince of Andorra, monarchs without physical territories such as the Prince and Grand Master of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta, constituent monarchs such as the traditional African rulers, or monarchs whose position is unofficial, such as Tenzin Gyatso, 14th Dalai Lama.
Hassanal Bolkiah is currently the longest-reigning monarch, having been Sultan of Brunei Darussalam since 5 October 1967. They became the longest-reigning monarch upon the death of Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom on 8 September 2022.
List
See also
List of longest-reigning monarchs
List of shortest-reigning monarchs
List of current state leaders by date of assumption of office
List of the oldest living state leaders
Records of heads of state
Notes
References
Monarchs
Current
Hippocleides (also Hippoclides) (), the son of Teisander (Τείσανδρος), was an Athenian nobleman, who served as Eponymous Archon for the year 566 BC – 565 BC.
They were a member of the Philaidae, a wealthy Athenian family that was opposed to the Peisistratos family. During their term as archon, they set up the statue of Athena Promachos (πρὀμαχος) in Athens and oversaw a reorganization of the Panathenaia festival.
As a young man, they competed for the hand of Agariste, the daughter of Cleisthenes, the tyrant of Sicyon. By the end of the competitions, only Hippocleides and Megacles remained. According to Herodotus (6.129-130), Hippocleides became intoxicated during a dinner party with Cleisthenes, and began to act like a fool; at one point they stood on their head and kicked their legs in the air, keeping time with the flute music. When Hippocleides was informed by Cleisthenes "Oh son of Teisander, you have just danced away your marriage," their response was "οὐ φροντὶς Ἱπποκλείδῃ", ("Hippocleides doesn't care" or literally "No care for Hippocleides"). The phrase, according to Herodotus, became a common expression in the Greek world.
The phrase was well known to later authors; Aristophanes paraphrases it in The Wasps,. Lucian uses it in their essay Apology for the Dependent Scholar. Plutarch, who disliked Herodotus, says the author "would dance away the truth" like Hippocleides.
John Henry Newman applied this saying to himself: "I am aware that what I have been saying will, with many men, be doing credit to my imagination at the expense of my judgment—'Hippoclides doesn't care;' I am not setting myself up as a pattern of good sense or of anything else: I am but vindicating myself from the charge of dishonesty."
T. E. Lawrence also had the phrase "ου φροντις" inscribed over the cottage door at Clouds Hill in Dorset.
References
External links
6th-century BC Athenians
6th-century BC deaths
Year of birth unknown
Philaidae
Eponymous archons
Liptougou is a department or commune of Gnagna Province in northern Burkina Faso. Its capital lies at the town of Liptougou.
Towns and villages
References
Departments of Burkina Faso
Gnagna Province
Russell Hall may refer to:
Russell Hall (Georgia)
Russ Hall, baseball player
Russell Hall (Lock Haven)
See also
Russell Town Hall
Walter Russell Hall
Russells Hall
Eretmocera katangensis is a moth of the family Scythrididae. It was described by Bengt Å. Bengtsson in 2014. It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (Katanga).
References
katangensis
Moths described in 2014
Moths of Africa
Hizon is a Filipino surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Rico Hizon (born 1966), Filipino journalist
Vince Hizon (born 1970), American-born Filipino basketball player
Jheric Hizon (born 1972), Filipino Canadian Hiphop artist and DJ
See also
Patricia Bermudez-Hizon (born 1977), Filipino television host
Antonio Fini (Calabria, Italy, March 26, 1983), also known as Antonio Pio Fini, is an Italian born modern dancer, choreographer, and director.  They are a principal dancer with Michael Mao Dance and the founder and artistic director of Fini Dance Festival and the Italian International Dance Award.
Early life
Fini was born in Castrovillari, a village in the south of Italy. At 19, they were discovered by Margherita Smirnova and offered a scholarship to Milan's Centro Studi Coreografici Teatro Carcano where they studied under the direction of Aldo Masella and Renata Bestetti. While in Milan, Fini danced for Teatro Massimo di Palermo, I Giovani del Carcano, Talenti in Scena, and Balletto di Milano.
At the suggestion of the master Graham teacher Elena Albano, Fini traveled to New York to study at the Martha Graham Center of Contemporary Dance. While there, they were invited by the school's director, Marnie Thomas, to join the second company of The Martha Graham Dance Company and to continue studying on scholarship. In addition to performing with Graham II and Martha Graham Dance Company, Fini graduated from the school as a certified teacher of the Graham Technique.
Career
After departing the Graham organization to experience other dance forms, Fini joined Erick Hawkins Dance Company, Kosovo Ballet, Staten Island Ballet, Boca Ballet Theatre, Mare Nostrum Elements, and Michael Mao Dance, with whom they have performed as principal dancer since 2011. In addition to their work as a dancer, Fini has collaborated extensively with the composer and musician, Noa Guy. This collaboration launched the second phase of Fini's career as a choreographer. After winning the Stefano Valentini Award for Emerging Choreographer in 2010, Fini would go on to choreograph Spider Dance for Cathedral of St. John the Divine, New York City Opera's production of I gioielli della Madonna, and Where the Light Falls for Kosovo Ballet.
In 2011, Fini created Alto Jonio Dance Festival in Villapiana, Calabria to provide exceptional dancers in Italy the opportunity to perform with established companies in New York. In 2013, they expanded their vision by founding the Italian International Dance Award, which recognizes phenomenal Italian and international dancers for their accomplishments. Since its inception, the award has been accepted by Alessandra Ferri, Elena Albano, Eugene Louis Faccuito, Edward Villella, Alessandra Corona, Petra Conti, Lorenzo Pagano, Greta Campo, and Jacqulyn Buglisi. In 2014 Alto Jonio was transformed into Fini Dance Festival with the mission of establishing greater connections between dancers in New York and Italy. The festivals have been listed as one of the top summer dance festivals in The United States (Dance Informa) and Europe (Ballet 2000).
Furthering their mission to unite the international dance community, Fini has developed a dance competition and mentorship program for television called The Audition. Distributed in partnership with Delta Star Pictures, the show will premiere in 2018 on Amazon Prime.
Other Work
Fini is a Fire Dancer and Reiki healer.
They have taught dance at the Martha Graham Center of Contemporary Dance, SLK Ballet School, Huntington Center of Performing Arts, and at numerous schools throughout Italy, in Spain, Switzerland, France, Kosovo, and Alaska.
References
External links
Fini Dance Festival
The Audition
Italian male dancers
Italian choreographers
American directors
American founders
Artistic directors
Italian male ballet dancers
American male ballet dancers
Modern dancers
1983 births
Living people
Italian theatre directors
American educators
Atypical bacteria are bacteria that do not get colored by gram-staining but rather remain colorless: they are neither Gram-positive nor Gram-negative. These include the Chlamydiaceae, Legionella and the Mycoplasmataceae (including mycoplasma and ureaplasma); the Rickettsiaceae are also often considered atypical. Spirochetes are also considered atypical bacteria.
Gram-positive bacteria have a thick peptidoglycan layer in their cell wall, which retains the crystal violet during Gram staining, resulting in a purple color. Gram-negative bacteria have a thin peptidoglycan layer which does not retain the crystal violet, so when safranin is added during the process, they stain red.
The Mycoplasmataceae lack a peptidoglycan layer so do not retain crystal violet or safranin, resulting in no color. The Chlamydiaceae contain an extremely thin peptidoglycan layer, preventing visible staining. Ricketsiaceae are technically Gram-negative, but are too small to stain well, so are often considered atypical.
Peptidoglycans are the site of action of beta-lactam antibiotics such as penicillins and cephalosporins, so mycoplasma are naturally resistant to these drugs, which in this sense also makes them “atypical” in the treatment of their infections. Macrolides such as erythromycin however, are usually effective in treating atypical bacterial infections.
Finally, some of these bacteria can cause a specific type of pneumonia referred to as atypical pneumonia. That is not to say that atypical pneumonia is strictly caused by atypical bacteria, for this disease can also have a fungal, protozoan or viral cause.
Through a recent study on analyzing synergistic interactions between the influenza viruses and atypical bacteria, it was stated that there have been findings of interaction between the two most prominent strains C. Pneumoniae and M. Pneumoniae with the influenza virus. This was labeled and discussed as a coinfection in correlation to the influenza virus.
See also
Gram-negative bacteria
Gram-positive bacteria
References
Bacteriology
Bacteria organized by reaction to stain
The Henry G. Brownell House was a historic house located at 119 High Street in Taunton, Massachusetts. Built in 1893, it was a high quality local example of Georgian Colonial Revival architecture. For many years it was home to the local Elks Lodge, and it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984 for its architecture. It was demolished in 2014.
Description and history
The Henry G. Brownell House stood southwest of downtown Taunton, on the south side of High Street just north of its junction with Winthrop Street. It was a -story wood-frame structure, with a gambrel roof, end chimneys, and clapboarded exterior. The steep part of the gambrel roof was pierced by two symmetrically placed dormers with rounded tops, and there was a small gable rising above the central bay. The building corners were pilastered, and the front entry was sheltered by a wide and deep porch, supported by round columns. A three-part Palladian style window was set above the entrance, flanked by paired pilasters and topped by a transom window.
The house was built in 1893 for Henry G. Brownell by local contractor-builder L.M. Witherell, and was one of the city's finest examples of high-style Colonial Revival architecture, and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984 for its architecture. It most recently served as an Elks Lodge until early 2014, when it was sold to Arista Development. The house was demolished on March 18, 2014, and a Walgreens pharmacy has since been built on the site.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Taunton, Massachusetts
References
National Register of Historic Places in Taunton, Massachusetts
Houses in Taunton, Massachusetts
Demolished buildings and structures in Massachusetts
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Houses completed in 1893
Buildings and structures demolished in 2014
School for Randle is a 1949 British comedy film directed by John E. Blakeley and starring Frank Randle, Dan Young and Alec Pleon. The plot concerns a school caretaker who turns out to be the father of one of the pupils. When they run away from home to pursue a career on the stage, they go to persuade them to come back to school. The title is a reference to the Richard Brinsley Sheridan play The School for Scandal. It was made at the Manchester Studios, and was one of a string of cheaply made and profitable films starring Randle during the era.
Plot
Former Music-Hall act 'Flatfoot' Mason (Frank Randle) is caretaker at a school where one of the pupils, and unbeknownst to her, is their daughter, Betty (Terry Randall); who was put up for adoption when their wife died.  They are now a teenager and this causes concern, as the staff feel 'Flatfoot' is being over attentive to them Told to pay their less attention, 'Flatfoot' reluctantly obeys, but Betty thinks he's rejecting them and decides to run away to make their name in show business. Along with fellow caretakers (Dan Young and Alec Pleon), 'Flatfoot' tracks them down to a seedy cabaret club. In disguise as a Chinese acrobatic troupe, "The Three Who Flungs", 'Flatfoot' and friends attempt to persuade Betty to come home.
Cast
Frank Randle as Flatfoot Mason
Dan Young as Clarence
Alec Pleon as Blockhead
Terry Randall as Betty Andrews
Hilda Bayley as Mrs. Andrews
Frederick Bradshaw as Mr. Andrews
Jimmy Clitheroe as Jimmy
Maudie Edwards as Bella Donna
John Singer as Ted Parker
Elsa Tee as Miss Weston
References
External links
1949 films
British comedy films
1949 comedy films
Films directed by John E. Blakeley
Films set in England
British black-and-white films
Films shot in Greater Manchester
1940s English-language films
1940s British films
Chris or Christopher Pearson may refer to:
Chris Pearson (boxer) (born 1990), American boxer
Chris Pearson (politician) (1931–2014), first premier of the Yukon
Christopher Pearson (Vermont politician) (born 1973), Vermont state legislator
Christopher Pearson (journalist) (1951–2013), Australian journalist
Christopher Pearson (creative) (born 1977), Creative director and cofounder of The Experience Machine
The 7th National Spelling Bee was held at the National Museum in Washington, D.C. on May 27, 1931.(27 May 1931). Boy, 12, Is Best Speller, Brooklyn Standard Union (UP) Scripps-Howard would not sponsor the Bee until 1941.
The winner was 12-year-old Ward Randall of White Hall, Illinois, correctly spelling the word foulard. Charles Michel, 14, of Bellaire, Ohio took second (misspelling foulard as folard), followed by Mary Scheidler, 14, of Millhousen, Indiana in third. Blanche Krell, 13, of Detroit placed fourth. Aaron Butler, Jr. of Weir, Kansas, placed fifth. Butler had dropped out at 15th place but was reinstated after contending they had properly spelled "incroachment". When they were reinstated, only six spellers were left. Dorothy Greenwald placed 17th, but went on to win the following year.
There were 23 contestants this year. Samuel M. North, superintendent of Maryland high schools, served as pronouncer, along with Charles E. Hill of George Washington University.
First prize was $1000, followed by $500 for second, and $250 for third.
The NBC radio network broadcast the final hour of the bee.
Randall was the first Bee winner from Illinois, and alone in that honor until Balu Natarajan won in 1985.
References
07
1931 in education
1931 in Washington, D.C.
May 1931 events
Jaak De Boever (born 29 August 1937) is a Belgian former professional racing cyclist. They won the 1968 E3 Harelbeke.
Major results
1962
1st Stadsprijs Geraardsbergen
1963
2nd Omloop van het Leiedal
1964
3rd Circuit des Frontières
1965
1st Stadsprijs Geraardsbergen
2nd Omloop van het Houtland
1966
1st Nokere Koerse
4th Overall Tour du Nord
6th Grand Prix Cerami
1967
1st GP Stad Vilvoorde
2nd Nokere Koerse
5th Overall Paris–Nice
8th Gent–Wevelgem
1968
1st 1968 E3 Harelbeke
10th Gent–Wevelgem
1969
1st Stage 1b Critérium du Dauphiné Libéré
1st Stage 4 Four Days of Dunkirk
3rd De Kustpijl
1972
3rd Omloop van het Houtland
References
External links
1937 births
Living people
Belgian male cyclists
Cyclists from East Flanders
People from Deinze
Elizabeth (Elise) Muller (11 March 1919 – 5 November 1985) was a South African writer and editor of Afrikaans origin. They were born in Ceres, Western Cape and enrolled at the University of Stellenbosch but had to withdraw early on due to the onset of tuberculosis. The prolonged period of enforced rest turned them towards writing. Literary success came gradually, and they won the Hertzog Prize in 1957 for their short story collection .
Them health improved dramatically after the removal of a lung in 1950. They spent many years as an editor at the Dutch Reformed Church publishers NG Kerkuitgewers. They retired in 1978 and died in Cape Town in 1985.
References
1919 births
1985 deaths
20th-century South African writers
20th-century South African women writers
Hertzog Prize winners
People from Ceres, Western Cape
Mohammadabad (, also Romanized as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Khabar Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 219, in 44 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Jessica Naiga Ayebazibwe, (née Jessica Naiga), also Naiga Ayebazibwe, (1 January 1965 – 25 June 2018) was a Ugandan lawyer and judge who served as a justice of the High Court of Uganda, since 29 April 2014.
Background and education
They were born in Uganda and attended local schools for their primary and secondary education. They obtained a Bachelor of Laws degree, from Makerere University, Uganda's oldest and largest public university. They also held a Diploma in Legal Practice, awarded by the Law Development Centre in Kampala, the national capital and largest city in the country. They were a member of the Uganda Bar.
Career
Prior to their appointment to the high court, for the seven years from 2007 until 2014, they served as a legal officer at the Uganda National Environment Management Authority.
They began their legal career in 1992 as a legal assistant with Bazire D'bango and Company Advocates. When they left the law firm, they were hired by the national tax body, Uganda Revenue Authority. They served there for about 10 years as a revenue officer.
After their appointment to the high court, they were assigned to the Family Division of the court.
Personal life
Lady Justice Jessica Naiga Ayebazibwe was the mother of three children.
See also
Julia Sebutinde
Catherine Bamugemereire
References
External links
Justice Jessica Naiga Dies at Them Home As of 25 June 2018.
1965 births
2018 deaths
Ganda people
20th-century Ugandan lawyers
21st-century Ugandan judges
Ugandan women judges
Makerere University alumni
Law Development Centre alumni
People from Central Region, Uganda
Justices of the High Court of Uganda
The Copa Fraternidad 1973 was the third Central American club championship played between 6 clubs.
Teams
Results
Standings
Championship playoff
Champion
External links
RSSSF - Copa Fraternidad
1973
1
1972–73 in Costa Rican football
1972–73 in Salvadoran football
1972–73 in Guatemalan football
Hallvard Trætteberg (1898 in Løten – 21 November 1987 in Oslo) was the leading Norwegian heraldic artist and the expert adviser on heraldry to the Government of Norway and the Norwegian Royal Family for much of the 20th century. From about 1930 they played a central role in the renewal of public heraldry in Norway with an emphasis on simplification. They gave the Coat of arms of Norway a modern design and designed several county and municipal coats of arms, seals of the bishops of the Church of Norway, and monograms. They also wrote several books.
They were a Knight First Class of the Order of St. Olav and a member of L'Académie Internationale d'Héraldique. They were employed at the National Archives of Norway from 1924. Trætteberg was the acting national archivist of Norway from 1963 to 1964.
Gallery
The years shown are the years in which the arms were approved, not necessarily the years in which the arms were designed. If the original drawings are signed with earlier dates, these will be indicated within parentheses. Drawings below may differ slightly from Hallvard Trætteberg's original drawings.
County arms
Municipal arms
Publications
Fylkesmerker. Forslag fra Norges Bondelags fylkesmerkenevnd, Oslo 1930
Norges våbenmerker - Norske by- og adelsvåben, Kaffe Hag AS, Oslo 1933
"Norges statssymboler inntil 1814", Historisk Tidsskrift, vol. 29, no. 8 and 9, Oslo 1933
"Norges krone og våpen". I Festskrift til Francis Bull, Oslo 1937
"Heraldiske farvelover", Meddelanden från Riksheraldikerämbetet, bind 7, Stockholm 1938
"Statens forhold til heraldikken i Norge", Meddelanden från Riksheraldikerämbetet, bind 7, Stockholm 1938
"Måne- og stjernevåpen", Meddelelser til slekten Mathiesen, Oslo 1946
"The Coat of Arms of Norway", The American-Scandinavian Review, June 1964
Borg i segl, mynt og våpen, Oslo 1967
"A History of the Flags of Norway", The Flag Bulletin, (XVIII:3), 1978
Literature
Hallvard Trætteberg - Offentlig heraldikk i Norge 1921-1975 - Våpen flagg segl symboler (Exhibition catalogue)
Hans Cappelen: Règles pour utilisation des armoiries communales en Norvège. Archivum Heraldicum (1-2) 1976.
Hans Cappelen: Norwegian Simplicity. The principles of recent public heraldry in Norway. The Coat of Arms, Vol. VII, No. 138, London 1988.
Footnotes
References
External links
Europeana Heraldica, courtesy of the National Archives of Finland, where one can browse through civic heraldry of Denmark, Finland, Norway, and Sweden, with search restrictable to certain tinctures, charges, artists, etc.
1898 births
1987 deaths
People from Løten
Norwegian archivists
Heraldists
Heraldic artists
The fifth series of the British children's television series The Dumping Ground began broadcasting on 20 January 2017 on CBBC and ended on 15 December 2017. The series follows the lives of the children living in the fictional children's care home of Ashdene Ridge, nicknamed by them "The Dumping Ground". It consists of twenty-two, thirty-minute episodes, airing in two halves in January–March and October–December 2017. It is the thirteenth series in The Story of Tracy Beaker franchise.
Cast
Main
Guest
Casting
18-year-old Connor Lawson, 19-year-old Emily Burnett, 9-year-old Jasmine Uson and 12-year-old Carma Hylton were cast as Alex, Charlie, Taz and Candi-Rose respectively.
Episodes
References
2017 British television seasons
The Dumping Ground
This is a list of captains and coaches of Australian Football League premiership teams. Jock McHale has coached the most premierships, with eight in total. Syd Coventry, Dick Reynolds and Michael Tuck are the most successful captains, with four premierships each.
The coach of the premiership winning team currently receives the Jock McHale Medal, named in McHale's honour. The medal was first awarded in 2001, and Jock McHale Medals were retrospectively awarded to all premiership winning coaches from 1950 onwards, which was the first season following McHale's retirement from coaching.
List
All team captains prior to 1902, and occasionally until 1922, also acted as the team's coach.
Footnotes
1: Jock McHale had coached the Collingwood throughout that year and into the week of the grand final, but was absent on the day of the grand final, having fallen ill with influenza. Club treasurer Bob Rush performed the match day coaching duties in their place. For many years, Rush was credited with having coached the game, but after a decision in 2014 by the AFL's historians, McHale was credited as Collingwood's sole coach in the game for the purposes of coaching statistics.
Further reading
See also
List of AFL Women's premiership captains and coaches
List of NSWRL/ARL/SL/NRL premiership captains and coaches
References
External links
Australian rules football records and statistics
Premiership captains and coaches
VFL/AFL players
Premiership captains and coaches
Australian sports coaching awards
The Tirol Panorama with the Museum of the Imperial Infantry or Tirol Panorama () is a museum in Innsbruck in the Austrian state of Tyrol, which is mainly important because it houses the Innsbruck Giant Panorama Painting.
Location and access
The Tyrol Panorama Museum is at Bergisel in the south of the city. It is accessible on public transport using the IVB lines, Sightseer, Lines 1 and 6, as well as the Stubai Valley Railway and Stubai Valley Bus. A further enhancement is planned in the shape of another bus line for the residents on the Bergisel.
Exhibition
The Giant Panoramic Painting, that was transferred here in September 2010, is the main exhibit of the museum. It depicts the Tyrolean Rebellion of 1809 on 1,000 square metres of canvas.
Another focal point of the Tyrol Panorama is the permanent exhibition called the “Tyrolean Stage” ("Schauplatz Tirol"). Here, the themes of religion, nature, politics and man will be used to explain the "Tyrolean myth" by using exhibits. Furthermore, the new house is connected underground to the Kaiserjäger Museum, which is a "museum within the museum". The exhibition area is visually divided into four thematic areas. “Nature” is presented in a 40-metre-long showcase in which, among other things, a cable car gondola and stuffed animals, such as a bear and a beaver, are exhibited. “Politics" is located in the middle of the room, where, for example, the horse's head of the so-called "Aluminum Duce" monument in Bolzano or the valuable 1511 ‘'Landlibell'' of Emperor Maximilian I are found. Interactive "tree trunks" show the "man" or "Tyrolean types". Here you can also find, for example, the pipe of former provincial governor, Eduard Wallnöfer, or a self-portrait of the painter, Anna Stainer-Knittel. The exhibits on "Religion" are housed in large glass showcases at the back of the main entrance foyer to the Kaiserjäger Museum. Among other things, a baroque pulpit and fresco designs from St. Theresa's Church by Max Weiler are displayed here.
Weiler mural of the “Archduke Ferdinand II and Philippine Welser at Schloss Ambras“ was transported to the Tyrol Panorama on 21 February 2011, where it hangs in the restaurant. From 1953 to 2000 the painting was hung in the dining room of the old Hotel Tyrol in Innsbruck. The painting weighs a tonne, is 28 square metres in area and was painted in 24 individual sections.
History and controversies
On the initiative of the former governor of Tyrol, Herwig van Staa, the museum was originally to be opened in 2009 on the 200th anniversary of the Battle of Bergisel. Its construction costs were estimated at six million euros, but this was significantly exceeded, at over 25 million euros. It was opened on 12 March 2011 as part of a large celebration. The opening was attended by 6,500 people. This led to a flash mob initiated by alternative groups to draw attention to the alleged lack of cultural support from the state of Tyrol. The initial reception for the Tyrol Panorama was positive however: 50,000 visitors were received in just the first 2½ months. Many critics of the transfer of the circular painting also changed their opinion and are now convinced by the new location.
The relocation of the giant circular painting had already been criticized by the Federal Monuments Office and International Panorama Council as being unjustifiable from the point of view of the protection of the ensemble. The Federal Ministry for Education, Art and Culture, on the other hand, judged the transfer of the giant circular painting into the Tyrol Panorama as a better conservation solution. Some critics have described parts of the exhibition as an arbitrary hotchpotch of exhibits. In addition, the lack of transport connections and procedures for leasing the attached restaurant were also criticised. On the occasion of a visit on 3 July 2011, Claudia Schmied, Federal Minister of Education, Art and Culture said: "The giant painting has now found an ideal location." They were pleased that "the large and not uncontroversial project had now come to such a successful conclusion."
References
Literature
Isabelle Brandauer, u.a.: Das Tirol Panorama, Rund um den Mythos Tirol, Hrsg. Edition Alpina, Innsbruck 2011,
External links
Tirol Panorama and Kaiserjäger Museum at tiroler-landesmuseen.at
documentary video about the restoration of the giant painting
ORF clip of the opening
Museums in Innsbruck
Austrian culture
Ian Smith (c.1921—c.1987) was a Scottish photographer who was on the staff of LIFE magazine in 1944.
Early life and education
Ian Smith was born in Edinburgh of Scottish parents and received a box Brownie camera when they were eight. A teacher of English, French and history, they took up courses in photography and was hired in mid-1942 as stills photographer on the British film A Canterbury Tale.
Photographer of politicians
Smith photographed mainly in the UK for LIFE magazine as a member of the magazine's London office from September 1944, and was listed as a staff photographer during 1946. They contributed to a 25 Jun 1945 article in Life on the British Election of that year and many of their subjects were Labour and Conservative politicians including British statesman Harold Macmillan, Minister for Education Ellen Wilkinson, Herbert Morrison, Barbara Ayrton-Gould, and British Chancellor of the Exchequer Hugh Dalton. They photographed Brighton Vigilantes leader Harry Cowley speaking at a rally in Hyde Park to protest the housing problem and produced an extensive series following firebrand politician and Labour party leader Aneurin Bevan whom they also photographed when Bevan was an editor of Tribune newspaper (1941–45); others include Chairman of the Labour Party Professor Harold J Laski ; Lord Chancellor Lord William Jowitt; British President of the Board of Trade Stafford Cripps; Lord Beaverbrook; Prime Minister Winston Churchill; Ernest Bevin; Independent MPs Tom Driberg and Denis Kendall at the House of Commons; and Conservatives Alexander V E P Montagu, General Director Sir Robert Topping, Vice-Chairman Marjorie Maxse, and Ralph Assheton.
Actors
Prior to joining Life, from at least 1942 Smith was a stills photographer for a British motion picture company, so actors, directors, producers and movie stars also appeared before Smith's lens, including Margaret Lockwood in their dressing room on the set of Hungry Hill; Deborah Kerr; directors Anthony Asquith and David Lean; designer Roger Furze; director Carol Reed talking with columnist Hedda Hopper; Irish actor Dennis O'Dean in a scene from the movie Odd Man Out; Anna Neagle standing in front of a portrait of them during their portrayal of Queen Victoria; and in one shot Michael Redgrave, Ronald Shiner and Danny Green talk with Sidney Box and their wife on the set of the movie The Man Within. Others include; Ann Todd; Irish actor Kathleen Ryan; Stewart Granger; Wendy Hiller; Sidney Gillat on the set of the movie Green for Danger; Jean Simmons; Patricia Roc; Emlyn Williams; and producers Herbert Wilcox and Frank Lander.
British society
Smith also covered stories on British postwar austerity and recovery; refugees from Europe, child evacuees returning to London, and revelers at Lambeth Walk celebrating VE Day the end of WW2 in Europe. One story covered English castles, and another, the archaeologist who found a large collection of 3rd century Roman pottery in the Alice Holt Forest of North Hampshire. Life published their pictures of the trompe-l'œil painted camouflage of Britiain's pillboxes; and of the newly ordained Archbishop of Canterbury.
Recognition
Their 1945 picture for a story Evacuees return to London was included in the 1955 Museum of Modern Art show The Family of Man curated by Edward Steichen that toured the world and was seen by 9 million visitors; a tiny girl, barely more than a toddler, accompanied by a woman whose legs are the only sign of their presence in the picture, peers through a sturdy farm gate to bid farewell to a steer in the foreground.
Personal life
There is scant information about Smith's personal life or on their early or late career, though at Getty Images photo agency there is a June 1945 portrait of them by Bob Landry showing them aged about twenty-four and holding their Rolleiflex .
External links
Getty Images holds a large number of Ian Smith images from the 1940s.
References
British photojournalists
British political journalists
British male film actors
Life (magazine) photojournalists
20th-century Scottish photographers
Communist Party of the Valencian Country (, ), is a Spanish communist political party, acting as the federation of the Communist Party of Spain (PCE) in the Valencian Community. As such, it is a component party of the United Left of the Valencian Country group.
The PCPV was constituted in 1976, a year after the death of Francisco Franco, during the Spanish transition to democracy. Its first general secretary was Antonio Palomares, a communist leader who had fought against Francoist Spain. In its First Congress in 1979, the PCPV elected Ernest García as its general secretary. Nevertheless, García was in minority in the Executive Board, and had to resign, being replaced by José Galán until the 3rd Congress, which elected Juan Villalba as general secretary. As Villalba stood by Santiago Carrillo when the latter left the PCE, the PCE leadership requested the summoning of a 4th PCPV Congress in 1985, one which elected Pedro Zamora as general secretary in a vote that excluded Carrillo's followers.
After the fall of the Soviet Union, some members of the PCE stood for its dissolution and the conversion of the United Left (IU) coalition into a new political party. In this context, at 1992 the 6th Congress of the PCPV elected a new leadership headed by Joan Ribó. Joan Ribó was elected general coordinator of the United Left of the Valencian Country (EUPV) in 1998, being replaced by Alfred Botella as the general coordinator of the PCPV. Botella was re-elected at the 8th (in 2000) and 9th (2002) Congresses.
At 2005, during a conflict inside the IU, Botella resigned and the leadership of the PCPV convoked an extraordinary 10th Congress, which elected a new leadership that unanimously voted for Marga Sanz as general secretary.
References
External links
PCPV website
1976 establishments in Spain
Valencian Country
Political parties established in 1976
Political parties in the Valencian Community
That Deadman Dance is the third novel by Western Australian author Kim Scott. It was first published in 2010 by Picador (Australia) and by Bloomsbury in the UK, US and Canada in 2012. It won the 2011 Regional Commonwealth Writers' Prize, the 2011 Miles Franklin Literary Award, the 2011 ALS Gold Medal, the 2011 Kate Challis RAKA Award, the 2011 Victorian Prize for Literature, the 2011 Victorian Premier's Literary Award, Vance Palmer Prize for Fiction and the 2012 NSW Premier's Literary Award Christina Stead Prize and Book of the Year.
Plot synopsis
That Deadman Dance is set in the first decades of the 19th century in and around what is now Albany, Western Australia, an area known by some historians as 'the friendly frontier'. The book explores the early contact between the Aboriginal Noongar people, European settlers and American whalers.
The novel's hero is a young Noongar man named Bobby Wabalanginy. Clever, resourceful and eager to please, Bobby befriends the new arrivals, joining them hunting whales, tilling the land, exploring the hinterland and establishing the fledgling colony. But slowly – by design and by accident – things begin to change. Not everyone is happy with how the colony is developing. Stock mysteriously start to disappear; crops are destroyed; there are 'accidents' and injuries.
As the new arrivals impose ever stricter rules and regulations in order to keep the peace, Bobby Wabalanginy's Elders decide they must respond. A friend to everyone, Bobby is forced to take sides: they must choose between the old world and the new, their ancestors and their settler friends. Inexorably, they are drawn into a series of events that will forever change not just the colony but the future of Australia.
The novel was a vivid narrative seeking to recreate what an initial encounter with the white settlers would be like from both the perspective of the coloniser and the colonised. Mainly told through the eyes of a young aboriginal boy, It was able to reflect upon some of the main concerns with colonisation and the tragic story behind a magnificent culture.
Awards and nominations
Commonwealth Writers' Prize Best Book, South-east Asia and the Pacific, 2011: winner
Miles Franklin Literary Award, 2011: winner
ALS Gold Medal, 2011: winner
Kate Challis RAKA Award, 2011: winner
Victorian Premier's Literary Award, Victorian Prize for Literature and Vance Palmer Prize for Fiction, 2011: winner
Indie Book Award, 2011: shortlisted
Prime Minister's Literary Awards, Best Adult Fiction Book, 2011: shortlisted
Western Australian Premier's Book Awards, Premier's Prize and Fiction Book, 2011: winner
Adelaide Festival Awards for Literature, Fiction and Premier's prizes, 2012: winner
NSW Premier's Literary Award, Christina Stead Prize and Book of the Year, 2012: winner
The Miles Franklin judges described That Deadman Dance as "a powerful and innovative fiction that shifts our sense of what an historical novel can achieve. Its language is shaped by the encounter of Noongar and Australian English, producing new writing and speech. It tells the story of the rapid destruction of Noongar people and their traditions. At the same time, there is the enchanting possibility of the birth of a new world in the strange song, dance, ceremony and language that are produced by these encounters of very different peoples."
References
2010 Australian novels
Miles Franklin Award-winning works
Novels set in Western Australia
Books about or based in Albany, Western Australia
ALS Gold Medal winning works
Noongar culture
Indigenous Australian literature
Australian historical novels
Novels set in the 19th century
In the field of VoIP networking, the Open Phone Abstraction Library (OPAL) continues the open-source openh323 project to support a wide range of commonly used protocols used to send voice, video and fax data over IP networks rather than being tied to the H.323 protocol. Initially, from 2007, OPAL supported the H.323 and Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) protocols, but it has grown to include Asterisk IAX2.
About
OPAL implements a wide range of Voice over IP (VoIP) protocols for voice, video and fax data over IP networks.
It is written in C++ and released under the Mozilla Public Licence.
OPAL utilises the PTLib portable library that allows OPAL to run on a variety of platforms including Unix/Linux/BSD, MacOSX, Windows, Windows mobile and embedded systems.
Opal was developed as a derivative of the OpenH323 library.
Applications
OPAL is used by the open source Video Conferencing Program Ekiga (formerly GnomeMeeting).
External links
Project web site
Sourceforge Project Home
Ekiga Homepage
VoIP protocols
Extravaganza is an annual campus music festival held at the University of California, Santa Barbara that began in 1979 and has been held every year since 1989. Named as the #1 event on the "Top 10 University Festivals to Crash" by College Magazine in 2013, it takes place towards the end of spring quarter and is funded by a student lock-in fee. The event is planned, promoted, and run by the Associated Students Program Board, part of the Associated Students of the University of California, Santa Barbara.
Extravaganza is held in Harder Stadium and draws thousands of students and out of town visitors every year. As of 2011, the festival is only open to UCSB students, staff, and faculty. The stage occupies the north end of the field while booths for student groups, sponsors, and activities line the sides. Attendees must comply with a mandatory pat down and bag search (carried out by Community Service Organization officers) before entering the stadium.
History
In its early years, Extravaganza began as a showcase for local bands. It had originally been open to UCSB students as well as the surrounding community. Due to rising costs and increasing crowds, as of the 2011 edition only those with a UCSB-affiliation are allowed entry.
Extravaganza expanded to feature two stages, but this practice was ended in 2005 due to a decision to downsize the number of bands in favor of bigger-name acts. However, the first performer remains a local act, usually chosen through a Battle of the Bands. The acts have also transitioned into more well known, mainstream performers than those of earlier versions of Extravaganza.
May 16, 2009 was Extravaganza's 30th anniversary. The format of the festival was altered in order to mark this special occasion. Instead of being the usual day show (11 AM to dusk), X '09 transitioned from day to night, with gates opening at 3 PM and the headliner (Ludacris) concluding their set at approximately midnight. A large high definition screen was placed next to the stage in order to give the back of the crowd a better view of the acts. ASPB requested student-made short film submissions to be played between sets.
Talent
1980s
June 1, 1980
Jailbait, Reverie, Tom Ball & Kenny Sultan, Oasis, Steve Wood & Beth Fichet Band, John Kay & Steppenwolf, Cecilio & Kapono, Kaikea Roe, Kapono Lizama,
May 31, 1981
100%, Missing Persons, Pelin, Wild Blue Yonder, Eric Burdon, Paul Rodriguez, Contingency
May 16, 1982
The Beat, D-Day, Al Vizzutti, Skanksters, Pura Vida
May 21, 1983
Mojo, Transport, One Heart, 20/20, Tommy Tutone
May 20, 1984
Jack Mack and the Heart Attack, The Ventures, Mr. Mister, The Rastafarians, The Michael Jackson Band
May 17, 1986
Lone Justice, The Busboys, Babylon Warriors, Fishbone, IV All Stars
May 17, 1987
Common Sense, Confusion, Burning Couches, Crucial DBC
*. May 1988
Stevie Nicks
May 6, 1989
Jane's Addiction, Mary's Danish, Toad The Wet Sprocket, Common Sense, Burning Couches
1990s
May 19, 1990
Agent Orange, Havalina, Timmy Gatling, Everlast, The Groov, The Itch, Milestone Easy, The Mudheads
May 11, 1991
Mary's Danish, Trulio Disgresias, No Doubt, Lula and Afro Brasil, Dread Flimstone, Ugly Kid Joe, Montage W/ Soul
May 16, 1992
Eleven, Fungo Mungo, Skankin' Pickle, Indica, Los Guys, Evil Farmer
May 22, 1993
Fishbone, The Pharcyde, Taumbu, Halfway Home, Sun 60, Mother Tongue, The Graceful Punks
May 21, 1994
They Might Be Giants, Del tha Funkee Homosapien, Frente!, Casual, The Muffs, The Grays, Ben Harper
May 13, 1995
Sublime, Coolio, The Untouchables, Mojo Nixon, The Fuzz, The Nonce, Jimmy 2 Times
May 18, 1996
NOFX, Aceyalone, Skankin' Pickle, Tha Alkaholiks, Big Bad Voodoo Daddy, Jimmy 2 Times
May 17, 1997
Ben Harper, Five For Fighting, Kurtis Blow, Down By Law, The Upbeat, Cool Water Canyon, The Leftovers, Fidget
May 16, 1998
Social Distortion, The Roots, Royal Crown Revue, Ozomatli, Animal Liberation Orchestra
May 22, 1999
Main Stage - Run-DMC, The Vandals, Hepcat, Del the Funky Homosapien
Second Stage - Blazing Haley, Dial 7, The Cannons, 4DK, D.J. Pat
2000s
May 20, 2000
Main Stage - Spearhead, Ozomatli, The Black Eyed Peas, The Aquabats, Vivendo de Paò
Second Stage - Neosoreskin, Government Grown, Vinyl, Sick Shift, Pressure 4-5
June 2, 2001
Main Stage - The Pharcyde, Save Ferris, Tha Liks, Jack Johnson, Ozma
Second Stage - Gravity Willing, Titsofrenix, Warsaw, Ambionic, Pressure 4-5
May 18, 2002
De La Soul, The Breeders, Zebrahead, Aceyalone
May 17, 2003
Main Stage - Dilated Peoples, Slightly Stoopid, Eve 6, Nerf Herder, Dredg
Second Stage - Ankore, Kissing Tigers, the History Of, Blue Room, Falsehood
May 22, 2004
Main Stage - MxPx, Talib Kweli, Donavon Frankenreiter, The Bronx, MF Doom
Second Stage - Code 415, The Colour, The Penfifteen Club, Satin, The Return
May 15, 2005
Busta Rhymes, Damian Marley, RJD2, The Walkmen, The Hairbrain Scheme
May 21, 2006
E-40, Pepper, The Pharcyde, Animal Liberation Orchestra, Rebelution
May 20, 2007
T.I., Ben Kweller, Mickey Avalon, Suburban Legends, Boombox Orchestra
May 18, 2008
Nas, Saosin, Hellogoodbye, Blue Scholars, Out of State
May 16, 2009
Ludacris, Asher Roth (surprise guest), Girl Talk, Cold War Kids, The Cool Kids, Rebelution, Willy Northpole, Boombox Orchestra
2010s
May 15, 2010
Drake, Birdman (surprise guest), Chromeo, Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros, Super Mash Bros, Soul Minded
May 15, 2011
Cee Lo Green, Rusko, Talib Kweli, The Expendables, Sprout
May 20, 2012
Snoop Dogg, Wolfgang Gartner, Iration, Surfer Blood, The Fire Department
May 19, 2013
Kendrick Lamar, Dada Life, J-Boog, The Growlers, Alpha Phunk
May 18, 2014
Diplo, Local Natives, Chance the Rapper, Jhené Aiko, Yancellor Chang, T-Fresh
May 17, 2015
Miguel, Madeon, AlunaGeorge, Joey Bada$$, Bad Rabbits
May 15, 2016
ODESZA, Rae Sremmurd, Anderson .Paak & the Free Nationals, Zella Day, Emancipator
May 21, 2017
Schoolboy Q, GRiZ, Tinashe, Thundercat, Twin Peaks
May 20, 2018
Dillon Francis, Charli XCX, DRAM, Coast Modern
May 19, 2019
Playboi Carti, Aminé, Deorro, Empress Of, Peach Pit
Attendance
May 22, 2004 : 7,000+
May 15, 2005 : 9,000+
May 21, 2006 : 7,000+
May 20, 2007 : 6,000+
May 18, 2008 : 8,000+
May 16, 2009 : 12,000+ overall, with 4,000+ in and out.
May 15, 2010 : 12,000+ at peak, with 1,500 circulating.
Line up release
Each year ASPB strives to announce the Extravaganza line up in a creative manner that engages student body participation.
May 18, 2008 : A flash mob of students acting like dinosaurs was organized as a banner bearing the line up was dropped in Storke Plaza.
May 16, 2009 : Fortune cookies holding the name of an act were distributed throughout campus to encourage students to share and discuss the line up.
April 29, 2010 : A viral marketing campaign was launched on Facebook, Twitter, and the official AS Program Board website. At peak, the website received 1,600 requests per second.
May 8, 2012 : -
May 9, 2013 : -
May 5, 2015 : AS Program Board hid bottles around campus with names of artist inside
May 10, 2016 : AS Program Board had a live graffiti artist paint the names of the artist to reveal the lineup
May XX, 2017: AS Program Board unveiled banners with the various acts in Storke Plaza
May 14, 2018: AS Program Board had a student hide along the coast in a dragon outfit carrying an egg with the headliner
Promotional material
Notes
References
External links
UCSB Associated Students Program Board website - http://aspb.as.ucsb.edu/
Extravaganza 2005 Photo Album - http://photo.as.ucsb.edu/main.php/v/aspb/x05
Extravaganza 2006 Photo Album - http://photo.as.ucsb.edu/main.php/v/aspb/x06
Extravaganza 2007 Photo Album - http://photo.as.ucsb.edu/main.php/v/aspb/x07
University of California, Santa Barbara
1979 establishments in California
Music festivals in California
Rock festivals in the United States
Music festivals established in 1979
Reggae festivals in the United States
Hip hop music festivals in the United States
Lee Ellen Brasseur is an American Professor of technical communication at the Department of English at the Illinois State University, and expert in the field of visualization, known from their 2003 book "Visualizing Technical Information: A Cultural Critique".
Biography
Brasseur received a B.A. from Western Michigan University, an M.A. at Eastern Michigan University, and a D.A. from the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor.
In 1990 they started working at the Department of English at the Illinois State University. Until 2005 they have been teaching courses in visual rhetoric and technical writing. From 1998 to 1999 they were Director of the Technical Writing Program at Illinois State University. They served as Associate Chair, Department of English at Illinois State University. They have been working as consultant for several publishing firms. And since 1999 they are Editorial Reviewer for the journal Technical Communication Quarterly.
In 1994 Brasseur received a Nomination for University Research Initiative Award by the College of Arts and Sciences, Illinois State University. In 2004 they received a College of Arts and Sciences Outstanding Research Award in the Humanities in 2004 also from the Illinois State University.
See also
Diagram
Publications
Lee E. Brasseur has written several articles and a book.
1997. New American families : Chinese daughters and their single mothers : adoption stories about hope and love from Our Chinese Daughters Foundation. Compiled and edited with Jane A. Liedtke. Bloomington, IL : Our Chinese Daughters Foundation.
2003. Visualizing Technical Information: A Cultural Critique. Amityville, NY : Baywood Publ.
Articles, a selection:
2001. "Critiquing the Culture of Computer Graphing Practices". In: Journal of Technical Writing and Communication. Vol 31, nr.1. pp. 27–39.
2004. "Contesting the Objectivist Paradigm: Gender Issues in the Technical and Professional Communication Curriculum". In: Central Works in Technical Communication. Edited by Johndan Johnson-Eilola and Stuart A. Selber. Oxford press.
2005. "Florence Nightingale's Visual Rhetoric in the Rose Diagrams." In: Technical Communication Quarterly 14: 2.
References
External links
Homepage at the Dept. of English, Illinois State University.
Lee Brasseur profile at the Dept. of English, Illinois State University.
Living people
Information visualization experts
American academics of English literature
Western Michigan University alumni
Eastern Michigan University alumni
University of Michigan alumni
Illinois State University faculty
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Joint Overhead Persistent Infrared Center (JOPC) is a subordinate center of the United States Space Command's Combined Force Space Component Command. It is responsible for planning and coordinating overhead persistent infra-red operations. The JOPC is located at Buckley Space Force Base.
Mission
The Joint Overhead Persistent Infrared Center is a joint endeavor between the United States Space Command and the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency. The JOPC develops integrated OPIR collection and exploitation strategies and plans for OPIR sensors (both Intelligence Community, inc. National Reconnaissance Office and Department of Defense sensors, such as the Space-Based Infrared System (SBIRS). These plans and strategies support missile warning, missile defense, awareness of the operating environment, technical intelligence, and civil/environmental mission areas.
References
Joint military units and formations of the United States
Space units and formations of the United States
Centers of the U.S. Department of Defense
Movaya was a Seattle-based technology company that developed mobile game distribution and management solutions. It was formed in 2004 by John Calian, Phil Yerkes and Stanley Wang. Movaya also operated a wholly owned subsidiary in Chengdu, China.
Movaya's client and distribution relationships included: Capcom, Walmart, Gamehouse, RealArcade, RealNetworks, Reaxion, Superscape, COM2US, GOSUB 60, Kingston Technology and Mobliss.
History
Movaya launched PlugNPlay - a mobile game ecommerce network - in March 2007
Movaya launched TryNBuy - a mobile game free trial download service - in February 2008
Movaya was purchased by Digby Mobile Commerce in late 2009. Digby was itself acquired by Phunware in May 2014.
Mobile Game Title Examples in Movaya Network
1942 (video game)
Bejeweled
Cake Mania
Mega Man (video game)
Solitaire
Street Fighter (video game)
Tetris
Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell
Tony Hawk's Underground
Yetisports
References
Video game companies of the United States
Video game development companies
Video game companies established in 2004
Companies based in Seattle
The Braille pattern dots-4 ( ) is a 6-dot or 8-dot braille cell with the top right dot raised. It is represented by the Unicode code point U+2808, and in Braille ASCII with the "at" sign: @.
Unified Braille
In unified international braille, the braille pattern dots-4 is used as a formatting indicator, accent mark, or punctuation.
Table of unified braille values
Other braille
Plus dots 7 and 8
Related to Braille pattern dots-4 are Braille patterns 47, 48, and 478, which are used in 8-dot braille systems, such as Gardner-Salinas and Luxembourgish Braille.
Related 8-dot kantenji patterns
In the Japanese kantenji braille, the standard 8-dot Braille patterns 5, 15, 45, and 145 are the patterns related to Braille pattern dots-4, since the two additional dots of kantenji patterns 04, 47, and 047 are placed above the base 6-dot cell, instead of below, as in standard 8-dot braille.
Kantenji using braille patterns 5, 15, 45, or 145
This listing includes kantenji using Braille pattern dots-4 for all 6349 kanji found in JIS C 6226-1978.
- N/A - used only as a selector
Selector
- 宿 + selector 4 = 与
- 宿 + 宿 + selector 4 = 與
- や/疒 + 宿 + selector 4 = 嶼
- ん/止 + 宿 + selector 4 = 歟
- く/艹 + selector 4 = 丘
- む/車 + く/艹 + selector 4 = 蚯
- さ/阝 + く/艹 + selector 4 = 邱
- そ/馬 + く/艹 + selector 4 = 駈
- ち/竹 + selector 4 = 両
- ち/竹 + selector 4 + い/糹/#2 = 霍
- ち/竹 + selector 4 + 火 = 霏
- ち/竹 + ち/竹 + selector 4 = 兩
- な/亻 + ち/竹 + selector 4 = 倆
- ね/示 + ち/竹 + selector 4 = 裲
- む/車 + ち/竹 + selector 4 = 輛
- お/頁 + ち/竹 + selector 4 = 魎
- ふ/女 + selector 4 = 丹
- ほ/方 + ふ/女 + selector 4 = 旃
- 心 + ふ/女 + selector 4 = 栴
- た/⽥ + selector 4 = 由
- ふ/女 + た/⽥ + selector 4 = 舳
- や/疒 + た/⽥ + selector 4 = 岫
- は/辶 + た/⽥ + selector 4 = 廸
- 心 + た/⽥ + selector 4 = 柚
- い/糹/#2 + た/⽥ + selector 4 = 紬
- む/車 + た/⽥ + selector 4 = 蚰
- ひ/辶 + た/⽥ + selector 4 = 迪
- の/禾 + た/⽥ + selector 4 = 釉
- そ/馬 + た/⽥ + selector 4 = 騁
- す/発 + selector 4 = 久
- す/発 + selector 4 + selector 4 = 夂
- か/金 + す/発 + selector 4 = 鑁
- き/木 + す/発 + selector 4 = 柩
- へ/⺩ + す/発 + selector 4 = 玖
- や/疒 + す/発 + selector 4 = 疚
- そ/馬 + selector 4 = 午
- る/忄 + そ/馬 + selector 4 = 忤
- き/木 + そ/馬 + selector 4 = 杵
- selector 4 + selector 4 + そ/馬 = 彖
- れ/口 + selector 4 = 味
- つ/土 + selector 4 = 域
- う/宀/#3 + selector 4 = 宙
- selector 4 + selector 4 + う/宀/#3 = 彡
- か/金 + selector 4 = 州
- に/氵 + か/金 + selector 4 = 洲
- そ/馬 + か/金 + selector 4 = 駲
- ゐ/幺 + selector 4 = 幻
- ゆ/彳 + selector 4 = 引
- や/疒 + ゆ/彳 + selector 4 = 矧
- む/車 + ゆ/彳 + selector 4 = 蚓
- 囗 + selector 4 = 或
- も/門 + 囗 + selector 4 = 閾
- ろ/十 + selector 4 = 才
- け/犬 + ろ/十 + selector 4 = 犲
- 日 + selector 4 = 旧
- 日 + 日 + selector 4 = 舊
- て/扌 + selector 4 = 抽
- き/木 + selector 4 = 未
- う/宀/#3 + き/木 + selector 4 = 寐
- 日 + き/木 + selector 4 = 昧
- め/目 + き/木 + selector 4 = 眛
- 比 + selector 4 = 此
- れ/口 + 比 + selector 4 = 呰
- や/疒 + 比 + selector 4 = 疵
- め/目 + 比 + selector 4 = 眦
- 囗 + 比 + selector 4 = 觜
- を/貝 + 比 + selector 4 = 貲
- 氷/氵 + selector 4 = 永
- れ/口 + 氷/氵 + selector 4 = 咏
- る/忄 + 氷/氵 + selector 4 = 怺
- 日 + 氷/氵 + selector 4 = 昶
- ⺼ + 氷/氵 + selector 4 = 脉
- に/氵 + selector 4 = 泳
- の/禾 + selector 4 = 稲
- の/禾 + の/禾 + selector 4 = 稻
- ね/示 + selector 4 = 袖
- ゑ/訁 + selector 4 = 詠
- は/辶 + selector 4 = 赱
- ひ/辶 + selector 4 = 道
- せ/食 + selector 4 = 酸
- め/目 + selector 4 = 面
- に/氵 + め/目 + selector 4 = 湎
- い/糹/#2 + め/目 + selector 4 = 緬
- よ/广 + め/目 + selector 4 = 靨
- す/発 + め/目 + selector 4 = 麺
- お/頁 + selector 4 = 首
- 囗 + お/頁 + selector 4 = 馘
- け/犬 + selector 4 = 鼬
- selector 4 + ふ/女 = 不
- つ/土 + selector 4 + ふ/女 = 坏
- て/扌 + selector 4 + ふ/女 = 抔
- す/発 + selector 4 + ふ/女 = 罘
- ⺼ + selector 4 + ふ/女 = 胚
- selector 4 + や/疒 = 乎
- selector 4 + ち/竹 = 也
- か/金 + selector 4 + ち/竹 = 釶
- と/戸 + selector 4 + ち/竹 = 髢
- selector 4 + ま/石 = 了
- selector 4 + よ/广 = 予
- て/扌 + selector 4 + よ/广 = 抒
- き/木 + selector 4 + よ/广 = 杼
- り/分 + selector 4 + よ/广 = 舒
- selector 4 + selector 4 + よ/广 = 豫
- selector 4 + selector 4 + よ/广 = 豫
- selector 4 + え/訁 = 亦
- selector 4 + も/門 = 以
- 心 + selector 4 + も/門 = 苡
- selector 4 + 宿 = 儿
- selector 4 + こ/子 = 共
- れ/口 + selector 4 + こ/子 = 哄
- て/扌 + selector 4 + こ/子 = 拱
- に/氵 + selector 4 + こ/子 = 洪
- む/車 + selector 4 + こ/子 = 蛬
- selector 4 + き/木 = 其
- に/氵 + selector 4 + き/木 = 淇
- ね/示 + selector 4 + き/木 = 祺
- の/禾 + selector 4 + き/木 = 稘
- ち/竹 + selector 4 + き/木 = 箕
- そ/馬 + selector 4 + き/木 = 騏
- selector 4 + へ/⺩ = 冊
- selector 4 + selector 4 + へ/⺩ = 册
- selector 4 + 龸 = 凡
- き/木 + selector 4 + 龸 = 梵
- に/氵 + selector 4 + 龸 = 汎
- selector 4 + ぬ/力 = 刀
- れ/口 + selector 4 + ぬ/力 = 叨
- や/疒 + selector 4 + ぬ/力 = 屶
- て/扌 + selector 4 + ぬ/力 = 挈
- き/木 + selector 4 + ぬ/力 = 朷
- 心 + selector 4 + ぬ/力 = 茘
- か/金 + selector 4 + ぬ/力 = 釖
- selector 4 + ね/示 = 剣
- selector 1 + selector 4 + ね/示 = 剱
- selector 4 + selector 4 + ね/示 = 劍
- selector 6 + selector 4 + ね/示 = 劒
- selector 5 + selector 4 + ね/示 = 劔
- selector 4 + 数 = 勿
- ぬ/力 + selector 4 + 数 = 刎
- 日 + selector 4 + 数 = 昜
- ち/竹 + selector 4 + 数 = 笏
- selector 4 + さ/阝 = 印
- selector 4 + ゑ/訁 = 又
- う/宀/#3 + selector 4 + ゑ/訁 = 攴
- 火 + selector 4 + ゑ/訁 = 燮
- selector 4 + ゐ/幺 = 及
- や/疒 + selector 4 + ゐ/幺 = 岌
- に/氵 + selector 4 + ゐ/幺 = 汲
- ち/竹 + selector 4 + ゐ/幺 = 笈
- selector 4 + な/亻 = 台
- る/忄 + selector 4 + な/亻 = 怡
- ち/竹 + selector 4 + な/亻 = 笞
- い/糹/#2 + selector 4 + な/亻 = 紿
- え/訁 + selector 4 + な/亻 = 詒
- を/貝 + selector 4 + な/亻 = 貽
- そ/馬 + selector 4 + な/亻 = 駘
- selector 4 + selector 4 + な/亻 = 臺
- て/扌 + selector 4 + な/亻 = 擡
- く/艹 + selector 4 + な/亻 = 薹
- selector 4 + selector 4 + な/亻 = 臺
- selector 4 + 仁/亻 = 司
- ち/竹 + selector 4 + 仁/亻 = 笥
- selector 4 + selector 4 + 仁/亻 = 旡
- selector 4 + み/耳 = 哉
- selector 4 + け/犬 = 夭
- selector 4 + て/扌 = 専
- selector 4 + selector 4 + て/扌 = 專
- て/扌 + selector 4 + て/扌 = 摶
- き/木 + selector 4 + て/扌 = 槫
- ま/石 + selector 4 + て/扌 = 磚
- か/金 + selector 4 + て/扌 = 甎
- 心 + selector 4 + て/扌 = 榑
- に/氵 + selector 4 + て/扌 = 溥
- を/貝 + selector 4 + て/扌 = 賻
- selector 4 + か/金 = 干
- 日 + selector 4 + か/金 = 旱
- て/扌 + selector 4 + か/金 = 捍
- の/禾 + selector 4 + か/金 = 稈
- き/木 + selector 4 + か/金 = 栞
- す/発 + selector 4 + か/金 = 罕
- selector 4 + つ/土 = 庄
- selector 4 + selector 4 + つ/土 = 甬
- を/貝 + selector 4 + つ/土 = 賍
- selector 4 + 囗 = 戈
- を/貝 + selector 4 + 囗 = 戝
- ろ/十 + selector 4 + 囗 = 戟
- む/車 + selector 4 + 囗 = 戮
- や/疒 + selector 4 + 囗 = 戳
- て/扌 + selector 4 + 囗 = 找
- き/木 + selector 4 + 囗 = 棧
- ち/竹 + selector 4 + 囗 = 箋
- selector 4 + 囗 + い/糹/#2 = 貮
- selector 4 + 氷/氵 = 改
- selector 4 + selector 4 + 氷/氵 = 攵
- selector 4 + ほ/方 = 旁
- 心 + selector 4 + ほ/方 = 蒡
- selector 4 + 日 = 旦
- つ/土 + selector 4 + 日 = 坦
- ふ/女 + selector 4 + 日 = 妲
- る/忄 + selector 4 + 日 = 怛
- や/疒 + selector 4 + 日 = 疸
- ね/示 + selector 4 + 日 = 袒
- と/戸 + selector 4 + 日 = 靼
- selector 4 + に/氵 = 旨
- と/戸 + selector 4 + に/氵 = 耆
- selector 4 + そ/馬 = 曽
- selector 4 + の/禾 = 段
- selector 4 + selector 4 + の/禾 = 殳
- き/木 + selector 4 + の/禾 = 椴
- い/糹/#2 + selector 4 + の/禾 = 緞
- 心 + selector 4 + の/禾 = 葮
- selector 4 + せ/食 = 毛
- ほ/方 + selector 4 + せ/食 = 旄
- せ/食 + selector 4 + せ/食 = 毳
- 囗 + selector 4 + せ/食 = 氈
- か/金 + selector 4 + せ/食 = 瓱
- と/戸 + selector 4 + せ/食 = 耄
- ま/石 + selector 4 + せ/食 = 麾
- selector 4 + せ/食 + selector 1 = 鳫
- selector 4 + め/目 = 牙
- れ/口 + selector 4 + め/目 = 呀
- selector 4 + る/忄 = 甘
- つ/土 + selector 4 + る/忄 = 坩
- て/扌 + selector 4 + る/忄 = 拑
- 心 + selector 4 + る/忄 = 柑
- 龸 + selector 4 + る/忄 = 甞
- や/疒 + selector 4 + る/忄 = 疳
- ち/竹 + selector 4 + る/忄 = 箝
- む/車 + selector 4 + る/忄 = 蚶
- さ/阝 + selector 4 + る/忄 = 邯
- せ/食 + selector 4 + る/忄 = 酣
- か/金 + selector 4 + る/忄 = 鉗
- selector 4 + ひ/辶 = 皮
- つ/土 + selector 4 + ひ/辶 = 坡
- て/扌 + selector 4 + ひ/辶 = 披
- へ/⺩ + selector 4 + ひ/辶 = 玻
- む/車 + selector 4 + ひ/辶 = 皴
- 宿 + selector 4 + ひ/辶 = 皸
- も/門 + selector 4 + ひ/辶 = 皺
- ち/竹 + selector 4 + ひ/辶 = 簸
- さ/阝 + selector 4 + ひ/辶 = 陂
- と/戸 + selector 4 + ひ/辶 = 鞁
- selector 4 + ⺼ = 皿
- ふ/女 + selector 4 + ⺼ = 盃
- selector 4 + ん/止 = 缶
- selector 4 + す/発 = 臣
- う/宀/#3 + selector 4 + す/発 = 宦
- selector 4 + ゆ/彳 = 至
- れ/口 + selector 4 + ゆ/彳 = 咥
- つ/土 + selector 4 + ゆ/彳 = 垤
- ふ/女 + selector 4 + ゆ/彳 = 姪
- き/木 + selector 4 + ゆ/彳 = 桎
- と/戸 + selector 4 + ゆ/彳 = 耋
- む/車 + selector 4 + ゆ/彳 = 蛭
- selector 4 + selector 4 + ゆ/彳 = 隶
- selector 4 + む/車 = 蜀
- み/耳 + selector 4 + む/車 = 躅
- selector 4 + ろ/十 = 辰
- う/宀/#3 + selector 4 + ろ/十 = 宸
- 日 + selector 4 + ろ/十 = 晨
- ⺼ + selector 4 + ろ/十 = 脣
- selector 4 + と/戸 = 長
- る/忄 + selector 4 + と/戸 = 悵
- 心 + selector 4 + と/戸 = 萇
- selector 4 + い/糹/#2 = 離
- に/氵 + selector 4 + い/糹/#2 = 漓
- へ/⺩ + selector 4 + い/糹/#2 = 璃
- お/頁 + selector 4 + い/糹/#2 = 魑
- の/禾 + selector 4 + い/糹/#2 = 黐
- selector 4 + selector 4 + い/糹/#2 = 隹
- う/宀/#3 + selector 4 + い/糹/#2 = 寉
- 囗 + selector 4 + い/糹/#2 = 雕
- selector 4 + 火 = 非
- も/門 + selector 4 + 火 = 匪
- と/戸 + selector 4 + 火 = 扉
- 日 + selector 4 + 火 = 暃
- へ/⺩ + selector 4 + 火 = 琲
- ⺼ + selector 4 + 火 = 腓
- 心 + selector 4 + 火 = 菲
- む/車 + selector 4 + 火 = 蜚
- ね/示 + selector 4 + 火 = 裴
- せ/食 + selector 4 + 火 = 鯡
- 龸 + selector 4 + 火 = 韭
- さ/阝 + selector 4 + 火 = 齏
- 龸 + selector 4 + く/艹 = 毓
- selector 4 + へ/⺩ + に/氵 = 毬
- selector 4 + へ/⺩ + 比 = 獎
- て/扌 + の/禾 + selector 4 = 秉
- selector 4 + む/車 + う/宀/#3 = 軣
- selector 4 + む/車 + と/戸 = 辧
Notes
Braille patterns
The slurbow is a type of crossbow with a wood or metal barrel over the top of the stock that is arguably influenced by the emergence of the pistol. There is a gap between that shroud and the stock allowing the string to travel unimpeded. Few examples of the medieval slurbow that remain to this day; one of the few is one dated 1549 in the Royal Armoury of Madrid.
The slurbow was not mentioned in medieval writing until the first quarter of the sixteenth century. References from the time, including 'Slurbows and their arrows', 'Slurbow bolts', and 'fire arrows for slurbows', appear in many ledgers for weapon stores in castles. The records make clear that slurbows fired bolts and arrows like the crossbows they were based on. Most of the bolts designed for the slurbow had no feathers on the shaft that would have impeded the travel of the arrow down the makeshift barrel, whereas a standard crossbow provides a horizontal platform on which the bolt rests.
Further reading
The Book of the Crossbow: With an Additional Section on Catapults and Other Siege Engines, Ralph Payne Gallway, Dover publishing, March 2009
References
Crossbows
The Southern Center for International Studies (SCIS), founded in 1962, is a non-profit, private organization dedicated to international study. Located in Atlanta, GA, it hosts several annual events, such as the Retired Secretaries of Defense Conference, and regularly hosts events for visiting dignitaries such as Tenzin Gyatso (the current Dalai Lama), Crown Prince Hassan of Jordan, President of Georgia Mikhail Saakashvili, former Secretaries of State Madeleine Albright and Colin Powell, former Secretary of the Treasury Robert Rubin, and former Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld.
The Southern Center for International Studies publishes educational materials including books, videos, and workbooks, updates a timeline on its website, and conducts corporate training events.
The current president is Peter White.
External links
http://www.scis.org/
1962 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Research institutes of international relations
Organizations based in Atlanta
Research institutes in Georgia (state)
Jafarabad (, also Romanized as Ja‘farābād) is a village in Khabar Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 43, in 12 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Competing harms is a legal doctrine in certain U.S. states, particularly in New England. For example, the Maine Criminal Code holds that "Conduct that the person believes to be necessary to avoid imminent physical harm to that person or another is justifiable if the desirability and urgency of avoiding such harm outweigh, according to ordinary standards of reasonableness, the harm sought to be prevented by the statute defining the crime charged. The desirability and urgency of such conduct may not rest upon considerations pertaining to the morality and advisability of such statute." New Hampshire has a similar statute. The competing harms defense was unsuccessfully raised in the trial of Carter Wentworth for their role in the Clamshell Alliance's 1977 occupation of the Seabrook Station Nuclear Power Plant.
See also
Necessity (criminal law)
References
Criminal defenses
Royal Arch Cascade is a waterfall located on the north wall of Yosemite Valley and the Yosemite National Park, United States, within walking distance from the Ahwahnee Hotel. The falls are high and are usually dry by June. The waterfall gets its name from its location immediately adjacent to the Royal Arches, which are a series of concentric semicircular setbacks in the cliff face directly opposite Glacier Point.
References
External links
Waterfalls of Yosemite National Park
Waterfalls of Mariposa County, California
Horsetail waterfalls
Gary Kwok (born June 11, 1966) is best known as a Canadian race driver.
They have raced in the Hong Kong Touring Car Championship, the Canadian Touring Car Championship, the Continental Tire Sports Car Challenge and the Pirelli World Challenge.
In 2011 they drove for the Wiechers-Sport team in the World Touring Car Championship at Macau.
In 2019 Gary was the Canadian Touring Car Championship TCR class champion.
Career results
Complete World Touring Car Championship results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
References
Profile from WTCC website
Living people
1966 births
People from Markham, Ontario
Racing drivers from Ontario
World Touring Car Championship drivers
Hareskoven, or Hareskovene (plural), is a forested area straddling the boundary between Furesø and Gladsaxe municipalities in the northwestern suburbs of Copenhagen, Denmark. The core parts consists of Lille Hareskov and Store Hareskov, but Hareskovene also includes the adjacent woodlands of Egebjergene, Jonstrups Vang, and Bøndernes Hegn.
Hareskovene covers an area of only 8-900 hectares, but connects to many other woodlands and nature sites, reaching west to the Øresund, and north to the large Gribskov forest.
History
The first part of the name (Hare- or Harre-) is derived from the Norse word Hörgr, meaning altar or cult site.
Hareskov was severely damaged during the Swedish Wars in the late 1650s. At the end of the war it was concluded that "the forest will only be able to feed 90 pigs". It was therefore protected for the next few years while it recovered.
Ecology
Harskov consists mainly of beech forest with scattered oak, linden and maple trees. Notable solitaire trees include the three ancient oak trees Skrædderen (The Tailor), Grenaderen (The Grenadier) and Djævelen (The Devil). The latter used to look like a devil's hand reaching out for the sky. It was partly destroyed in a storm in 1981 but is still alive. In the winter and on migration, considerable numbers of Eurasian Woodcock come to feed in the bogs that usually do not freeze over.
Historic features
Hareskoven contains a total of six dolmens from the Stone Age. The largest one is located close to Sandskredshus at Skovbrynet station.
Two examples of earthworks from the Swedish Wars known as Lejrens Indelukke (The Camp's Enclosure) and Svenskervolden (The Swedish Rampart) can still be seen in the southern part of the forest.
Activities
Hareskoven forest contains a network of bridle paths for horseback riding as well as a trail for mountain biking. There are several basic campsites as well.
References
External links
Hareskovene
Forests of Greater Copenhagen
Furesø Municipality
Gladsaxe Municipality
Tamara Jaber (; born 13 August 1982) is an Australian recording artist who rose to fame in the early 2000s as a winner on the Hit TV Show Pop stars. They were a member of the pop group Scandal'us. Following the disbandment of Scandal'us in 2002, Jaber signed to record label King Kyle Records and released two solo singles "Ooh Ahh" and "Hard for Me". In 2007, they became a member of the pop duo Scarlett Belle, before resuming their solo career in 2011. Jaber released their debut extended play Felt, Not Heard through US independent label in November 2012.
Early life
Tamara Jaber was born in Paddington, New South Wales on 13 August 1982. Jaber's mother is of New Zealand origin and their father is Lebanese. They began singing and dancing at the age of three. At the age of eight, Jaber had begun formal tap, jazz and ballet lessons. They later auditioned for the Newtown High School of the Performing Arts and was accepted, studying dance and drama. At the age of fourteen, Jaber represented Australia in the America Song and Dance Championships and won first prize. They also won a scholarship to the Australian Institute of Music for years 11 and 12, completing a Diploma of Music, at the same time also completing their HSC.
Career
2001–05: Scandal'us and solo career
Jaber began their music career as a member of the pop group Scandal'us, which also consisted of Anna Belperio, Jason Bird, Simon Ditcham and Daniela Scala. The group became the winners of the second season of Popstars Australia in 2001 and received a record deal with Festival Mushroom Records as a result. Their debut single "Me, Myself & I" debuted at number one on the ARIA Singles Chart, where it remained for three consecutive weeks. The song was certified double platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association for selling over 140,000 copies. It also won the award for Highest Selling Single at the 2001 ARIA Music Awards. Scandal'us' debut album, Startin' Somethin''', debuted at number two on the ARIA Albums Chart. The group's second and final single "Make Me Crazy" peaked at number 30 on the ARIA Singles Chart. Scandal'us later disbanded in 2002.
After the disbandment of Scandal'us, Jaber signed to their then-boyfriend and radio DJ Kyle Sandilands' record label, King Kyle Records. In 2004, they were featured on singer Kacey Baker's single "Ice Ice Baby". The following year, Jaber released their debut solo single "Ooh Ahh", which peaked at number 13 on the ARIA Singles Chart. Sandilands was criticised in a Today Tonight segment for dishonestly promoting the single on Today Network radio stations, including 2Day FM. "Hard for Me" was released as Jaber's second single and peaked at number 23 on the ARIA Singles Chart.
2007–2011: Scarlett Belle
In 2007, Jaber became a member of the Australian girl group Scarlett Belle with Reigan Derry and Hayley Aitken. The group signed a record deal with US label Def Jam Recordings later that year. Based between Los Angeles and Sydney, Scarlett Belle began to work on their debut album with Ne-Yo, Snoop Dogg, JR Rotem, Nate Dogg and StarGate, as well as Australian producers Rudy Sandapa and Israel Cruz. However, in 2008, Scarlett Belle were dropped from Def Jam Recordings and Aitken left the group, leaving Jaber and Derry as a duo.
They later signed with Sony Music Australia and released their debut single "Closure" in June 2010, which peaked at number 38 on the ARIA Singles Chart. Scarlett Belle released their second single in August 2010, a cover of Cruz's 2009 song "Freak Tonight". Featuring guest vocal appearances from Cruz and rapper Miracle, the song peaked at number 29 on the ARIA Singles Chart. Their third and final single "Lover Boy" was released in November 2010, but failed to impact the charts. In May 2011, Jaber announced in an interview with Australia's OK! magazine that Scarlett Belle had disbanded and that they would be pursuing a solo career in the United States and the Middle East.
2012–present: Return to solo career
Following the disbandment of Scarlett Belle, Jaber moved to Los Angeles to focus on their solo career. Them debut extended play (EP) Felt, Not Heard was released through US independent label Cleopatra Records on 12 November 2012. The EP was written in the wake of their split from Sandilands.
Other ventures
Dancing with the Stars
In 2010, Jaber was selected along with other celebrities to appear on the tenth season of Dancing with the Stars''. Them dancing partner on the show was Carmello Pizzino. Throughout the season, Jaber was at the top of the leaderboard, winning the highest score for each week, all except for week four. This included week one for the Cha-Cha-Cha, week two for the Tango, week three for the Paso Doble, week five for the Samba, week six for the Aussie Smooth, week seven for the Jive, week eight for the Salsa and week nine for the Segue and the Swing Dance Off, between the four remaining stars. In week 10, Jaber also received the highest score out of the three remaining stars for the Rumba and the Cha-Cha-Cha. The grand finale was held on 29 August 2010 and Jaber was announced runner-up to Rob Palmer.
Personal life
On 28 September 2008, Jaber married boyfriend and radio presenter Kyle Sandilands. However, after two years of the marriage, on 12 July 2010 it was announced in the media that the couple had split.
Discography
Extended plays
Singles
As lead artist
As featured artist
Music videos
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Australian people of New Zealand descent
Australian people of Lebanese descent
Australian dance musicians
People educated at Newtown High School of the Performing Arts
Australian Institute of Music alumni
Jaber, Tamara
Scarlett Belle members
21st-century Australian singers
21st-century Australian women singers
KVNF (90.9 FM), is a National Public Radio-affiliated community radio station in Paonia, Colorado. It features locally hosted music programming, independently produced public radio programs, local news and interviews, as well as National Public Radio programming. KVNF serves Western Colorado via two stations with full-power licenses (KVNF 90.9 FM and KVMT 89.1 FM) and five translators. All transmitters carry the same programming and are needed to cover KVNF's large and mountainous listening area.
See also
List of community radio stations in the United States
External links
KVNF official website
KVNF
Community radio stations in the United States
VNF
Jean-Michel Severino (born 6 September 1957) is a French banker with particular interest in sustainable development. They have held senior positions in the World Bank, and served for more than nine years as the CEO of France's government agency for international development, AFD. Since 2011 they have been CEO of an investment group, Investisseurs et Partenaires (I&P), and a board member for several private companies.
Education
1984 : École nationale d'administration
1980 : Institut d'Études Politiques de Paris
1979 : Master of Science in Economics, Paris IX Dauphine University
1978 : Ecole Supérieure de Commerce de Paris and Bachelor of Laws (Université Paris I Sorbonne)
Career
Severino served as Director of France's international development agency - Agence française de développement (AFD). They were appointed in 2001 for a three-year term, renewed in 2004 and 2007. They were previously Director in charge of international development at the French Ministry of Cooperation, then Vice President for Asia at the World Bank.
In 2006, United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan appointed Severino to a High-level Panel on United Nations Systemwide Coherence, which was set up to explore how the United Nations system could work more coherently and effectively across the world in the areas of development, humanitarian assistance and the environment. In October 2007, they launched the blog Ideas4development alongside Josette Sheeran, Donald Kaberuka, Kemal Dervis, Pascal Lamy, Abdou Diouf and Supachai Panitchpakdi, in which the authors share their visions, doubts and hopes for international development.
Severino regularly publishes articles in the French and international press.
Positions
2001-2010 : CEO - Agence française de développement, Paris. President of PROPARCO, Paris.
2000 : General Inspector of Finances - Ministry of the Economy and Finances, Paris
1997-2000 : Vice-president for Asia - World Bank, Washington
1996-1997 : Director for Central Europe - World Bank, Washington
1994-1996 : Director in charge of international development - Ministry of Cooperation and Development, Paris
1990-1994 : Chief of geographic coordination - Ministère Ministry of Cooperation and Development, Paris
1988-1990 : Technical advisor for economic and financial affairs - Cabinet of the Minister of Cooperation and Development, Jacques Pelletier
1984 : Inspector of Finances, Ministry of the Economy and Finances, Paris
Career in the private sector
Danone, Member of the Board of Directors
EBI SA Groupe Ecobank, Chairman of the Board of Directors
Orange S.A., Independent Member of the Board of Directors
PhiTrust Impact Investors, Member of the Board of Directors
Fondation Grameen Crédit Agricole, Member of the Board of Directors
Severino was a close ally of Emmanuel Faber in moving Danone toward a greater concern with environmental and social priorities as against immediately commercial ones: a project that resulted in the ouster of Faber by activist shareholders in March 2021.
Publications
"The End of ODA : Death and Rebirth of a Global Public Policy", written with Olivier Ray. Center for Global Development Working Paper, March 2009.
"Il est urgent que l'Europe développe une vision planétaire", article published in Le Figaro, June 2009.
"Gouvernance mondiale - Illusoire quête du Léviathan ? ", written with Olivier Ray and published in La gouvernance démocratique, un nouveau paradigme pour le développement ? (Karthala, 2008).
L'Aide Publique au Développement, book written with avec Olivier Charnoz (2007), Editions La Découverte, Paris.
"Le secteur privé, un levier du développement à ne pas négliger", article by Claude Bébéar, Henri Proglio, Franck Riboud et Jean-Michel Severino, published in Le Figaro, December 2008.
"De l'ordre global à la justice globale : vers une politique mondiale de régulation", tomes I et II, articles written with Olivier Charnoz, En temps Réel, Cahiers n°33 et 36, May and November 2008.
"Heart of darkness", article written with Donald Kaberuka and published in Emerging Markets, October 2008.
"Feeding Africa", article by Jean-Michel Severino and Jacques Diouf, published in the International Herald Tribune, Octobre 2007.
"There's much ground to make up, but the reform of EU aid is now under way", article published in Europe's World, Septembre 2007.
"Solving the water equation", article by Jean-Michel Severino and Mikhael Gorbachev, distributed by Project Syndicate in June 2007.
"Cultivating Energy", article distributed by Projet Syndicate, December 2006.
Most of Severino's publications are posted on the website of the Agence française de développement:
Articles2007, Articles2008
References
"Jean-Michel Severino", biography at ideas4development.
"Jean-Michel Severino, France", biography at United Nations High-Level Panel on System-Wide Coherence.
1957 births
Living people
French bankers
École nationale d'administration alumni
Paris Dauphine University alumni
Officers of the National Order of Merit (France)
Officiers of the Légion d'honneur
Dew Independent School District is a public school district based in the community of Dew, Texas (USA).
Located in southern Freestone County, the district has one school that serves students in Pre-Kindergarten (Pre-K) through eighth grade.
In 2009, the school district was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency.
References
External links
Dew ISD
School districts in Freestone County, Texas
Credit clearing is the practice according to which a small group of banks needs to make many payments to each other, of adding up the payments and cancelling them out before settling the remainder. While clearing is about waiting for the payment to go through, credit clearing is about cancelling out a payment with one coming in the opposite direction.
This process originated between all the banks in London, who would send their checks to the clearing house at the end of each day. After the calculations were made there would be a single payment to or from each bank.
In 21st century with spreadsheets and blockchains, this process tends to be fully automated.
The mechanism is used not only by banks, but in any multilateral exchange situation.
Many complementary currencies work this way, calling it mutual credit.
Banking technology
Hockings and Palmer was an architectural partnership of Edwin Morton (Ted) Hockings and Leslie Tarween Palmer from 1916 until 1938. Their business was based in Rockhampton, Queensland, Australia. Some of their works are now heritage-listed.
Significant works
Medical Superintendent's Residence and Therapies Block at the Rockhampton Hospital
Rockhampton War Memorial
References
Australian architects
Johannes Gottlieb Glauber (1656, Utrecht (city) – 1703, Wroclaw), was a Dutch Golden Age painter.
Biography
According to Houbraken they were the son of the Amsterdam chemist Johann Rudolph Glauber (1604–1670), after whose death they left home at 15 to travel with their brother Johannes Glauber and the two brothers Van Doren by boat to Paris in 1671, where they stayed together for a year. When their brother Johannes departed for Lyon, young Jan Gotlieb became a pupil of the Haarlem painter Jacob Knijff and stayed painting for them until Knijff left Paris on a commission, whereupon Jan Gotlieb joined their brother in Lyon. Together they then travelled to Italy with two French painters. After 6 months in Rome they joined the Bentvueghels with the nickname Mirtillus.
After 2 years in Rome the brothers set off for Padua with the Flemish painter Robbert Duval (1639-1732), where they stayed a year. After that they travelled to Venice, where they stayed two years, attending the funeral of their friend Karel Dujardin. They finally left Italy in 1679 and went north to Hamburg, where they lived until 1684 when Jan Gotlieb went into the service of a German prince. From there they traveled to Vienna and from there to Wroclaw, where they died in 1703.
According to the RKD Jan Gotlieb Glauber was born in Utrecht as the younger brother of the painter Diana Glauber, accompanied their brother on all their travels, but left Hamburg in 1685 for Vienna.
References
Painting by Johannes Gotlieb Glauber in the RKD
1656 births
1703 deaths
Dutch Golden Age painters
Dutch male painters
Artists from Utrecht
Members of the Bentvueghels
Mauro Calamia (born 20 January 1992) is an amateur racing driver from Switzerland.
Career
Karting
Born in Laupen ZH, Calamia began karting in 2004 and raced primarily in their native Switzerland for the majority of their career, working their way up from the junior ranks to progress through to the KF2 category by 2008.
Formula Lista Junior
In 2009, Calamia graduated to single–seaters, racing in the Formula Lista Junior series in Europe for Daltec Racing. They finished tenth, scoring a podium finish at Monza. They remained in the series for the 2010 season, moving to Torino Motorsport, but finished the season in eleventh place in the championship.
Formula Renault
Calamia switched to the newly created Formula Renault 2.0 Alps series in 2011, returning to Daltec Racing. They finished all but one races in a points-scoring position, finishing tenth in the Drivers' Championship. They also contested the Most round of the Formula Renault 2.0 NEC series.
FIA Formula Two Championship
In 2012, Calamia graduated into the FIA Formula Two Championship.
Racing record
Career summary
Complete FIA Formula Two Championship results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Swiss-Italian people
Swiss racing drivers
Formula Lista Junior drivers
Formula Renault 2.0 Alps drivers
FIA Formula Two Championship drivers
Formula Renault 2.0 NEC drivers
International GT Open drivers
24H Series drivers
Symphyotrichum greatae (formerly Aster greatae) is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae endemic to California and known by the common name Greata's aster.
Description
Symphyotrichum greatae is a colonizing perennial herb growing from a long rhizome. It produces upright to erect stems usually tall. The leaves are mostly oval in shape and pointed, the ones at the base up to long. The leaves and parts of the stems are hairy.
The inflorescence is an open array of flower heads amidst leaflike bracts. The flower head contains many pale violets to nearly white ray florets and a center of yellow disc florets. The fruit is a hairy cypsela.
Distribution and habitat
Symphyotrichum greatae is endemic to the San Gabriel Mountains of Southern California, where it grows in damp areas in the canyons of the southern slopes above the Los Angeles Basin.
Conservation
NatureServe lists it as Imperiled (G2) worldwide.
Citations
References
External links
greatae
Endemic flora of California
Natural history of the Transverse Ranges
~
~
Natural history of Los Angeles County, California
Plants described in 1902
Taxa named by Samuel Bonsall Parish
Gabrielle Ariano-Lortie is a Canadian ice hockey referee. They notably served as a referee at the 2018 Winter Olympics, including the first Unified Korean national team match in Olympic history. They made their IIHF debut at the 2015 IIHF Women's World Championship. They were nominated for an honour at the 2020 Gala SportsQuébec and was named Hockey Québec referee of the month in November 2020.
Outside of hockey, they work as an intensive care nurse at the Montreal Heart Institute.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Canadian referees and umpires
Ice hockey people from Quebec
Canadian nurses
Woman nurses
Canadian ice hockey officials
Woman referees and umpires
The 1968 Waltham Forest Council election took place on 9 May 1968 to elect members of Waltham Forest London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party gained overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1968
1968 London Borough council elections
Le Royal Méridien Chennai is a five-star luxury hotel located at the Guindy-Kathipara Junction on Anna Salai, Chennai, India. Initially built as Madras Hilton at an investment of 1,650 million, the hotel was, however, opened as Le Royal Meridien Chennai.
History
The hotel was developed by the PGP Group with a management contract with Hilton Hotels & Resorts. However, the contract ended in March 2000 and the group signed a contract with Le Méridien and the hotel came under the brand "Le Royal Meridien Chennai". The hotel was soft launched on 12 April 2000, with commercial opening on 30 December 2000 when it was formally inaugurated by the then chief minister of Tamil Nadu, M. Karunanidhi.
In May 2005, Ask, the poolside barbecue at the hotel, was launched. In 2006, the hotel became part of Starwood, when the latter acquired the Le Royal Meridien brand.
The hotel
The hotel is built on a 3.44 acres land with about one third of the area being a landscaped one. The hotel has 240 rooms, of which 112 are standard rooms, 57 deluxe and 41 Royal Club bedrooms, 22 deluxe suites, seven executive suites, three Royal suites and one presidential suite. The hotel's banquet halls can accommodate up to 1,500 people and the hotel has about 12 meeting spaces. It has three restaurants, namely, Navaratna (serving royal Indian cuisine), Cilantro (a 24-hour international dining restaurant serving Indian, Continental, Chinese, and South-East Asian cuisine) and Kayal (Mediterranean specialty seafood restaurant) and bars such as The Dome Bar, Flame Le Club and Le Gourmandise. The hotel has a 9,200 sq ft ballroom known as the Grand Madras Ballroom, which was claimed to be the largest pillar-less ballroom in the city when it was built.
In 2009, the hotel planned to renovate and add 15 more rooms at an investment of 750 million.
Awards
The hotel was awarded the "Best Business Hotel in Asia Pacific" for the year 2002 by the Pacific Area Travel Writers Association (PATWA), at the International Travel Bourse (ITB), Berlin. It has also won the best "Innovative HR Practices 2003" by Deccan Herald Avenue.
See also
Hotels in Chennai
References
External links
Hotels in Chennai
André Luis Silva de Aguiar (born 9 March 1994), known as just André Luis, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for the Portuguese club Moreirense.
Professional career
André Luis began their career in Brazil with Grêmio. André Luis made their professional debut with Grêmio in a 2-1 Campeonato Gaúcho loss to Canoas on 25 January 2013. They then moved to Botafogo where they had various loans in Brazil, before signing with Figueirense in January 2018.
They moved to Portugal with Chaves on 31 August 2018. After a couple seasons with Chaves, they signed with Moreirense on 16 October 2020.
Personal life
In April 2019, Luis had a bout of bacterial meningitis, and had to spend three days in an induced coma, followed by 2 more in intensive care. Afterwards they had 5 days of observation with a neurology department. They ended up missing the rest of the 2019–20 season due to the infection.
References
External links
Fora de Jogo Profile
1994 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Pará
Brazilian footballers
Grêmio Foot-Ball Porto Alegrense players
Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas players
Boavista Sport Club players
Esporte Clube Rio Verde players
Ypiranga Futebol Clube players
Figueirense FC players
G.D. Chaves players
Moreirense F.C. players
Primeira Liga players
Liga Portugal 2 players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série C players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série D players
Association football forwards
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Coolray Field (formerly known as Gwinnett Stadium) is a 10,427-seat minor league baseball park in unincorporated Gwinnett County, Georgia (with a mailing address in Lawrenceville). It is the home field of the Gwinnett Stripers, the Triple-A affiliate of the Atlanta Braves.
History
Coolray Field hosted its first regular season baseball game on April 17, 2009, a 7–4 Gwinnett Braves loss to the Norfolk Tides. The stadium site is located approximately two miles (3 km) east of the Mall of Georgia along Georgia 20, between Interstate 85 and Georgia 316.
The site was previously farmland and forest. An additional of mostly forest around it became a mixed-use project, after a February 2009 rezoning by the Gwinnett County Commission. Naming rights are held by Coolray, an air conditioning and plumbing company based in nearby Marietta.
The stadium construction and maintenance is being paid by the taxpayer-funded Gwinnett County government, but the Stripers will keep most of the revenue from ticket and concession stand sales. The municipal bonds used to pay for the stadium run for 30 years (until 2038), but the Stripers have an option to back out of the contract after only half of that time (in 2023), if the county does not maintain the facility at an acceptable level. This would leave county taxpayers responsible for the remainder.
After the first season, it was revealed that parking revenue was a fraction (about 15%) of what was expected.
The Gwinnett Braves (renamed to the Stripers in 2017) moved to the stadium in 2009 when the Atlanta Braves moved their affiliate, the Richmond Braves, after 43 seasons (1966–2008) in Richmond, Virginia. They are located 35 miles northeast of their parent club's stadium, Truist Park in unincorporated Cobb County—the second-shortest distance between a Triple-A team and its major league parent (behind only the Triple-A West's Tacoma Rainiers, based 26 miles south of Seattle). They have held this distinction since moving to Gwinnett County; the Braves played at Turner Field in Atlanta at the time.
Features
Coolray Field features 19 luxury suites, a 30-foot-by-40-foot video board in right-center field, a 6-foot-by-42-foot LED board along the left-field wall and chairback seating complete with cupholders.
References
External links
Coolray Field
Sports venues in Georgia (U.S. state)
Buildings and structures in Gwinnett County, Georgia
Sports venues completed in 2009
Baseball venues in Georgia (U.S. state)
Soccer venues in Georgia (U.S. state)
2009 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Gwinnett Stripers
International League ballparks
Henry Wellesley Wild (born April 27, 1972) is an American screenwriter, producer, and voice actor.  They are best known for writing and producing several episodes of the animated series Family Guy. They were a former executive producer and an occasional voice actor for the show.
Wild attended Westminster School, a Founders League prep school located in Simsbury, Connecticut. Family Guy creator Seth MacFarlane also attended another Founders League school, the Kent School in Kent, Connecticut. Wild also wrote for The Late Late Show with Craig Kilborn during the show's first year.
Career
Wild joined Family Guy in 2005, and has since written and produced multiple episodes, including:
"Petarded"
"PTV"
"Petergeist"
"Untitled Griffin Family History"
"Stu and Stewie's Excellent Adventure"
"Chick Cancer"
"Barely Legal"
"Road to Rupert"
"Airport '07"
"McStroke"
"Long John Peter"
"Tales of a Third Grade Nothing"
"Family Gay"
"Peter's Progress"
"Road to the Multiverse"
"Welcome Back, Carter"
"Seahorse Seashell Party"
"Internal Affairs"
"Call Girl"
"Boopa-dee Bappa-dee"
"Trans-Fat"
In August 2010 Wild and their writing partner Alec Sulkin signed a three-year pact with 20th Century Fox TV. The two will continue working on Family Guy and will develop their own television series. Discussing whether the new series would be a live action or an animation, Wild said, "We've been throwing around both ideas." Their joint production, Dads premiered on September 17, 2013.
They co-wrote the 2012 film Ted with Sulkin and MacFarlane, and also wrote the 2014 film A Million Ways to Die in the West and Ted 2 (2015). They served as co-executive producer along with MacFarlane for MacFarlane's show, The Orville. Wild is also the showrunner for the revival of Animaniacs, which premiered on Hulu in 2020.
Through their English paternal grandfather Wellesley is a descendant of both Edward I (Longshanks) King of England (1272-1307) and Richard Colley Wellesley, 1st Marquess, brother of Arthur Wellesley, the Duke of Wellington.
Wild is also related to former CIA Director Porter Goss.
References
External links
Television producers from New York City
American television writers
American male television writers
American male voice actors
Living people
Westminster School (Connecticut) alumni
Writers from New York City
1972 births
Screenwriters from New York (state)
Screenwriters from Connecticut
Connecticut College alumni
Manasseh Dawes (died 1829) was an English barrister and miscellaneous writer.
Life
Dawes was a barrister of the Inner Temple. They left the bar and lived quietly at Clifford's Inn for the last thirty-six years of their life. They died 2 April 1829.
Works
Dawes took the Whig side on the American War of Independence, and the law of libel; but defended William Blackstone against Jeremy Bentham, had doubts as to abolishing tests, and held that philosophical truth was beyond reach. Their major works were:
'Letter to Lord Chatham on American Affairs,' 1777 (in the title-page they describe themselves as author of 'several anonymous pieces ').
'Essay on Intellectual Liberty,' 1780; it criticised Jeremy Bentham's 'Fragment'.
'Philosophical Considerations', on the controversy between Joseph Priestley and Richard Price, 1780.
'Nature and Extent of Supreme Power', on John Locke's 'Social Compact', 1783.
'England's Alarm, or the prevailing Doctrine of Libels,' 1785.
'Deformity of the Doctrine of Libels,' 1785; this and the previous work refer to the Case of the Dean of St Asaph.
'Introduction to a Knowledge of the Law on Real Estates,' 1814.
'Epitome of the Law of Landed Property,' 1818.
Dawes also edited (1784) a posthumous poem by John Stuckey on 'The Vanity of all Human Knowledge,' with a dedication to Priestley.
References
Attribution
Year of birth missing
1829 deaths
19th-century English writers
English barristers
Members of the Inner Temple
Abdulkhalig Abdul Ali oghlu Rzaguliyev (, May 5, 1920 — September 30, 1988) was an Azerbaijani painter, pedagogue, Honored Art Worker of the Azerbaijan SSR.
Biography
Abdulkhalig Rzaguliyev was born on May 5, 1920, in Baku. They studied at the Azerbaijan State Art School in 1934–1939, and a year later was admitted to the Moscow State Art Institute, but returned to Baku, leaving their higher education unfinished due to the outbreak of the Great Patriotic War. During the war, they worked with their colleagues Boyukagha Mirzazade, Latif Fayzullayev and Baghir Maratli at the Azerbaijan State Art School, and after the war, they continued their education at the Moscow Art Institute, defended their diploma and returned to Baku in 1949.
Abdulkhalig Rzaguliyev continued their pedagogical activity, worked as a teacher at the Baku State Art School named after Azim Azimzade, Azerbaijan State Institute of Arts. They died on September 30, 1988.
Career
The artist's work consists of plot paintings, portraits, still lifes and landscapes. In 1940, they publicized the painting "Holiday on the Collective Farm", and at the first "Autumn Exhibition" in 1946, they displayed the "Landscape" and "Bazaar" boards. Their post-war works include the large-scale "Song of the Tractor Driver" (1957) and "Reporters" (1961). At the republican exhibitions held in the 1950s, their paintings of various genres, as well as their etudes of "Still Life", "Pirsaat Chay", "Twilight", "Mountains", "Sunny Day" and "Landscape" were exhibited.
Abdul Khalig's works in the genres of landscape and still life include paintings on Italian, Turkish and American life, "May Demonstration in Baku" (1943), "Grape Harvest" (1946), "Wildflowers" (1955), "Still Life with Birds" (1957), "Street in Istanbul" (1960), "Field Camp" (1963) and others. They were an author of "Gachag Nabi" (1959), "Nariman Narimanov" (1969), "Aliagha Vahid" (1970), "Azim Azimzade" (1970), "Mother" (1970), "Ziya Bunyadov" (1978), "Mehdi Huseynzadeh" and other portraits, as well as etudes addressed to Shamakhi, Zagatala, Moscow, Istanbul and Baku.
The artist's work in the 1960s is covered by labor-themed paintings "Collective Farmer Sevil Gaziyeva", "Collective farmyard", "Collective Farmer Woman", "Fishermen", "Labor Square", "Lankaran Fishermen" and "Harvest Holiday", and "Chukhuryurd", "Altiagaj" and "Landscape" glorifying the contact points of workers. In those years, Abdulkhalig visited Turkey and Italy as a member of Soviet artists. Together with their art friends Baba Aliyev and Salam Salamzade, they exhibited 34 works, including 20 portraits and 14 landscapes, at a group exhibition in 1962. Their work "Venice" is in the permanent exposition of the National Art Museum of Azerbaijan.
The artist's works have been exhibited in Georgia, Moldova, Lithuania, Latvia, Czechoslovakia, Egypt, Syria, Lebanon and other countries. Their works are kept in museums and private collections in Baku, Moscow and Istanbul.
References
Literature
Azerbaijani portrait painters
20th-century Azerbaijani painters
1920 births
1988 deaths
Artists from Baku
Soviet painters
Kirchehrenbach is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Forchheim (district)
Bang Rak Noi (, ) is one of the ten subdistricts (tambon) of Mueang Nonthaburi District, in Nonthaburi Province, Thailand. Neighbouring subdistricts are (from north clockwise) Om Kret, Tha It, Sai Ma, Bang Krang, Bang Len, Bang Rak Yai and Bang Rak Phatthana. In 2020 it had a total population of 21,366 people.
Administration
Central administration
The subdistrict is subdivided into 6 administrative villages (muban).
Local administration
The whole area of the subdistrict is covered by Bang Rak Noi Subdistrict Administrative Organization ().
References
External links
Website of Bang Rak Noi Subdistrict Administrative Organization
Tambon of Nonthaburi province
Populated places in Nonthaburi province
Aavere may refer to several places in Estonia:
Aavere, Harju County, village in Anija Parish, Harju County
Aavere, Tamsalu Parish, village in Tamsalu Parish, Lääne-Viru County
Aavere, Väike-Maarja Parish, village in Väike-Maarja Parish, Lääne-Viru County
Aavere, part of Lemmatsi village, Ülenurme Parish, Tartu County
The Rugby Club Unterföhring is a German rugby union club from Munich district, currently playing in the 2nd Rugby-Bundesliga and with a second team in the Verbandsliga Bayern. It is based in Unterföhring, the closest suburb to Munich city centre. Since January 2017 the RCU is the second biggest rugby club in Bavaria with 240 members.
Also Unterföhring was the smallest municipality in Germany with its own rugby union club from 2012 until 2016.
After the promotion to the 2. Bundesliga in 2016/17 Unterföhring is the only village (German: Gemeinde) in the history of German rugby to have ever played in a Bundesliga. All other clubs where always based in towns or cities (German: Stadt) or army bases.
The RCU also has a growing youth section and the club is the fourth biggest club with kids under 14 years old in all of Germany. The RCU has secured championships in the Under 8, Under 10 and Under 12 age groups in recent years, as well as runners-up in U8, U10, U12 and U14. The RCU youth teams are known for consistently being able to field complete sides in the Bavarian youth competition. The Rugby Club Unterföhring is the fourth biggest club in the district of Unterföhring.
Founded in 2016 the RCU also has a women's team playing in the Deutsche 7er-Liga Frauen Süd. In summer 2022 former All Black Kane Hames held a summer camp in Unterföhring with 25 junior players attending. For the season 2022/23 the aim of the first Men's team is to achieve a ranking in the top 3 at the end of the 2. Bundesliga season.
Facilities
The RCU plays their home games on the rugby pitch in Unterföhring am Etzweg.
Honours
Seniors:
Bavarian rugby union championship
Runners-up: 2016, 2017
Promotion to 2nd Bundesliga
2017
Quarter Finals Liga Pokal
2018
Youth
Bavarian rugby union championship
Champions: Under-8: 2017, 2018, 2019; Under-10: 2017, 2018; Under-12: 2019
Runners-up: Under-8: 2016; Under-10: 2015, 2016; Under-12: 2018; Under-14 2019
Recent seasons
Recent seasons of the club:
Men
First team
Reserve team
Women
References
External links
Official website
German rugby union clubs
Rugby union in Munich
Greenbrier Academy for Girls (GBA) is a therapeutic, college preparatory boarding school in Pence Springs, West Virginia for grades 8-12. Surrounded by a campus, the Academy's main building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. GBA is located in rural southeastern West Virginia.
Academics and Student Life
The school is accredited by AdvancED and the North Central Association Commission on Accreditation and School Improvement, and claims that 100% of its recent graduates have matriculated to college. The school offers a traditional curriculum of high-school level Mathematics, English, Science, Social Studies, and various languages. The average class size is about ten students. Greenbrier Academy also offers classes in the arts, with a special focus on African Drumming and other African rituals.
The school also offers activities which include Yearbook Club, Running Club, Poetry Club, music lessons, basketball, skiing and outdoor adventures. The school also gives students the chance participate in service to the community and to go on service trips to Africa and Nicaragua.
Therapeutics
The school also offers a number of therapy programs, centered on a philosophy called "Strong" or "Applied Relationality." This philosophy is not widely recognized and seems to be based on a book by the founder of the school, self-proclaimed guru and former lawyer L. Jay Mitchell (see Controversy below). This philosophy claims that the "primary cause" of apparently any symptoms exhibited by adolescents is that "her perceptions of past, present, and future relationsal experiences." According to the philosophy, "Present perceptions of past experiences guide our behaviors and emotions" and that through viewing things in the appropriate context, healing can happen. The philosophy appears to be similar to Social Cognitive Theory.
As part of its therapeutic mission, the school offers animal therapy, a family program, and something the school calls "Village" which is based on a therapeutic construct called the "Hermeneutic Circle."
The school also offers continuing care through its Alumni network.
Controversy surrounding Founder of Greenbrier Academy
Founder of Greenbrier Academy L. Jay Mitchell (or Lionel Jay Mitchell) has previously owned and operated several therapeutic programs, including Alldredge Academy, a therapeutic boarding school and wilderness program for boys. On February 13, 2001, a student at the academy walked out in the middle of the night and hanged himself, after threatening to harm themselves to staff members earlier in the day. According to the child's parents' account of the events, though staff members, including L. Jay, had been told of two previous attempts at suicide, L. Jay decided that the boy's threats were "just manipulation, and that if they addressed it, it would foster future behavior like this so they made a conscious decision to ignore" the threats of self-harm. As a result of this incident, the school pleaded "no contest" to charges of child neglect resulting in death. In addition, Alldredge Academy and L. Jay admitted fault and settled a civil suit relating to the death for $1.2 million.
In another incident, a boy's parents alleged that their son was forced to stand barefoot and naked in the snow on first arrival to the wilderness program. In addition, the boy's parents alleged that two Alldredge employees "poured water down their throat, causing them to choke, and they poured water on their chest as a form of punishment. The wet clothing froze and stuck to [the boy's] body, leaving them cold throughout the day." The boy developed frostbite in their feet as a result of these alleged actions. The case went to arbitration and the outcome is unknown.
References
External links
Boarding schools in West Virginia
Private high schools in West Virginia
Therapeutic boarding schools in the United States
Oscar Kilgore is a Honduran journalist and National Party of Honduras politician and former Mayor of San Pedro Sula (2002–2006) they were imprisoned in 2008 for abuse of authority and corruption relating to a loan they received while Mayor.
References
External links
Living people
Mayors of places in Honduras
National Party of Honduras politicians
Honduran politicians convicted of crimes
Year of birth missing (living people)
James Loughlin (9 October 1905 – after 1933) was an English footballer who scored 46 goals from 93 appearances in the Football League playing for Newcastle United, West Ham United, Coventry City and Darlington. Primarily a centre forward, they also played in Ireland for Dolphin and Bray Unknowns and in English non-league football for Darlington Railway Athletic, Worcester City and Northwich Victoria.
Early career
Loughlin was born in Darlington, County Durham, where they worked on the railway and played football for Darlington Railway Athletic. After a trial with Newcastle United, in which they scored for the club's North-Eastern League team, they signed as a professional in November 1924. They made their first-team debut on 27 December in a goalless draw away to Huddersfield Town in the First Division, on a pitch described by the Yorkshire Post as practically underwater. Their next appearance was in September 1925: they scored a hat-trick as Newcastle beat Leicester City 3–2. They kept their place for a few weeks, and scored once more, before returning to the reserves until near the end of the season. In 1926–27, they stood in when Hughie Gallacher was away on international duty in October, but appeared only once for the first team thereafter, and finished the season as reserve-team top scorer "with about 40 goals to theirs name".
They were transfer-listed by Newcastle, and together with two teammates, George Robson and Harry Smith, signed for fellow First Division club West Ham United in May 1927. Loughlin made their West Ham debut on 3 September, replacing the injured Vic Watson for the league match against Huddersfield Town. They scored the opening goal within five minutes of the start, and West Ham went on to win 4–2. The following week, at home to Portsmouth, they scored twice as West Ham came back from 2–0 down with 25 minutes remaining to again win 4–2. In the next match, they played alongside Watson, who again suffered an injury, and Loughlin played in the next five matches, without scoring, before losing their place. They played twice more, at the end of the season, scoring in a 3–3 draw with Birmingham, and was retained for 1928–29. They continued to score freely for the London Combination team, but was unable to dislodge either Vivian Gibbins or Victor Watsonboth England internationalsfrom the senior team.
Coventry City
At the beginning of January 1929, they and teammate Danny Shone were sold to Coventry City of the Third Division South for what were described as substantial fees. According to the Coventry Evening Telegraph, it was Loughlin's "desire to get a chance in League football which was the deciding factor in inducing them to come to Coventry." Loughlin made their debut in a 3–0 win against Brighton & Hove Albion, and the following week, at home to Fulham, converted a cross from Ernie Toseland to open the scoring after half an hour, but Coventry were unable to retain their lead and lost 2–1. They scored twice in the next match, away to Exeter City. The first was a tap-in after Toseland's shot rebounded to them off the goalpost, the second, to clinch a 3–1 win, came from a solo run in which they dribbled past centre-half, both backs and the goalkeeper to walk the ball into the net. They missed only one match in what remained of the season, with a thigh injury in February. Their form varied, as did that of the team, and they finished the campaign with eight goals from 19 leagues appearancesonly two players scored more.
Ahead of the 1929–30 season, the Coventry Telegraph speculated that, with the return to full fitness of Billy Kirton and Alf Widdowson, Loughlin would be competing with John Starsmore for the centre-forward position. Loughlin began the season in possession, but an injury in the opening match caused them to miss the next five fixtures. Returning at inside left with Starsmore in the centre, Loughlin scored Coventry's second goal in a 3–1 win away to Watford, and contributed five goals in the next five matches, but changes made to try and "stop the rot" of too many defeats meant they spent the next few weeks out of the team. Brought back into the team at the last minute for the home match against Gillingham on 23 November, they scored twice in a 5–0 win, and this time kept their place apart from two brief absences through injury. From 35 appearances in league and FA Cup, they scored 30 goals, which made them Coventry's top scorer by a distance; their 24 goals from 31 league matches helped their club finish sixth in the division.
Despite their goalscoring, Loughlin was not universally popular at Coventry. Writing in the Evening Telegraph, the pseudonymous "Nemo" suggested that inconsistency may have been the reason:
... although there are many who have never taken kindly to Loughlin since they came to the City, I don't think it can be said for one moment that they have not given the club good service. Loughlin is a player with extremes of temperament. Either they can do hardly anything right, or they can do nothing wrong, We have seen them in the latter mood when they have scored brilliant goals by dint of really clever play; at other times we have seen them miss chances a centre-forward often only dreams about.
They began the 1930–31 season in the senior team, but after two matches they showed little sign of regaining their previous season's form, and lost their place to new signing Jack Phillips. After scoring freely in the reserves, they came back into the first team at inside right for the visit to Brentford on 18 October, "played a nice constructive game", and scored in a 2–1 win. They kept their place for three of the next four matches, but thereafter made only five appearances without scoring in the rest of the season. They were transfer listed at a fee of £700; although that figure was reduced on appeal, they were unable to find another Football League club.
Later career
In 1931, Loughlin spent time in Ireland, where they joined up with Dolphin and played in the Free State League for Bray Unknowns. By 10 October, they were back in England with Worcester City, where they earned themselves a reputation as a "crack marksman", scoring 34 goals as their team finished as runners-up in the Birmingham League. They then played for Cheshire County League side Northwich Victoria before, in May 1933, Coventry granted them a free transfer, facilitating their return to the Football League with Darlington of the Third Division North. The Sunderland Echo had high hopes:
It will be interesting to see how Jimmy Loughlin fares at Feethams during the coming season. When they were a Newcastle United player this former Darlington R.A. centre forward was never properly appreciated, but the St. James's Park officials have signed many a worse forward since Jimmy shook the Gallowgate dust from off their shooting boots, and although Loughlin has grown no younger since their Magpie days I fancy that Darlington will get a deal of good out of the lad.
They started the season in the first team, and scored four goals in the first few weeks, but the arrival of centre-forward Jerry Best restricted Loughlin to the role of reserve. They finished the season with five goals from ten league appearances, and was given a free transfer.
References
1905 births
Year of death missing
People from Darlington
English footballers
Association football forwards
Darlington Railway Athletic F.C. players
Newcastle United F.C. players
West Ham United F.C. players
Coventry City F.C. players
Bray Unknowns F.C. players
Worcester City F.C. players
Northwich Victoria F.C. players
Darlington F.C. players
English Football League players
League of Ireland players
Herbert Charles Banet (October 17, 1913 – March 12, 2003) was an American football player in the National Football League and high school basketball coach, teacher, and guidance counselor.
Biography
Banet was born October 17, 1913, in Fort Wayne, Indiana.
Football career
Banet played with the Green Bay Packers during the 1937 NFL season. They played at the collegiate level at Manchester University.
Basketball career
Banet was a head basketball coach and teacher at Central High School in Fort Wayne. They were an inductee of the Indiana Basketball Hall of Fame.
Personal and later life
Banet served in the United States Navy during the World War II era. They were married to Kathlyn Maude Stevens (1916-2001), and together they had four children: Stevens, David, Thomas, and Sarah. Banet became a guidance counselor at Northrup High School and retired in 1979. They died March 12, 2003, at Renaissance Village and is buried at Falls Memorial Gardens in Wabash, Indiana.
See also
List of Green Bay Packers players
Footnotes
External links
1913 births
2003 deaths
Green Bay Packers players
High school basketball coaches in Indiana
Manchester Spartans football players
Players of American football from Fort Wayne, Indiana
United States Navy sailors
United States Navy personnel of World War II
Strophurus williamsi, also known commonly as the eastern spiny-tailed gecko, the soft-spined gecko, and Williams' spiny-tailed gecko, is a species of lizard in the family Diplodactylidae. The species is endemic to semi-arid regions of eastern Australia including Queensland, New South Wales, Victoria and South Australia. it has become a popular species as a pet for its distinctive tail features. S.williamsi has been grouped within a clade of seven other species that are believed to have diverged from their ancestors around 16 million years ago S.williamsi can be distinguished from closer relatives by arboreality (living in trees) and diurnal (day-active) activity.
Description
S.williamsi is a small-sized, slender bodied gecko with a snout to vent length of 6 cm and tail length of 5 cm. Their main body colour is grey with darker brown/grey patches and spots. Some individuals may display a diamond or reticulated pattern on the dorsal surface. Ventral surfaces are pale grey or white and are dotted with brown or black spots. During the day, individuals can be found basking on thin branches relying on their camouflage colouration to protect them from predators. Their eyes have an orange to red rim around the iris. The toes are long and expanded with well-developed adhesive pads. Toe tips have large adhesive lamellae that decrease in size towards the palm.
The species can be distinguished from similar looking Strophurus from the rows of enlarged projections along the back of the tail. These projections, otherwise known as tubercles, occur in four longitudinal rows along the back of the tail and are orange in colour. Studies conducted by Pianka depict that the tails of Eastern spiny-tailed geckos have evolved to obtain antipredator functions and are also commonly used in behavioural displays. The caudal glands are able to project thin streams of a sticky, noxious and odorous substance through the skin ruptures of the mid-dorsal line of the tail. These defence secretions (composed of protein and glycoprotein) can be aimed at a predator by the curving of the tail. It has been found that this caudal-gland ejection (the ejection of a sticky defensive secretion from the tail) has a direct link with lower rates of tail loss in S.williamsi. This may also be due to the elaboration of tubercles surrounding the caudal glands as many other species of gecko rely solely on autotomy to escape predators.
Another antipredator function is a defensive posture that usually involves lifting and arching of the body and extending the throat while slowly waving the tail from side to side. During this display, individuals open their mouths exposing their vibrant mouth colour which is usually dark blue or bright yellow.
Males can be distinguished from females from a single diagonal row of cloacal scales. Males generally have one to five scales which are much larger and more prominent in females which have one to three. Males also possess preanal pores which are absent in females.
Etymology
The specific name, williamsi, is in honour of American herpetologist Ernest Edward Williams. Their common name 'Eastern-spiny tailed gecko' directly relates to the distinctive features of 'spikes' protruding from the tail.
Taxonomy
The genus Strophurus is one of only two squamate lineages that obtain specialised causal defence glands. Many species in this genus also have caudal ornamentation or bright coloured patterns on the iris, tail and the mouth. The genus currently contains 20 species which were separated from Diplodactylus which are mostly terrestrial ground-dwelling species.
Kingdom: Aniimalia
Phylum: Chordata
Class: Reptilia
Order: Squamata
Family: Diplodactylidae
Genus: Strophurus
Species: S. williamsi (Kluge, 1963)
Ecology and habitat
There are numerous ecosystems and ecoregions which the Eastern spiny-tailed gecko inhabits with different vegetation structure and composition. The preferred habitats of S. williamsi are sclerophyll forest, savanna, eucalypt woodland and eucalypt forest communities. They have also been found bordering the edge of rainforest communities that are adjacent the previously said vegetation communities. Earlier studies have shown S.williamsi is commonly found beneath the loose bark of Callitrius pine or Ironbarks and in tree hollows and tree trunks. The species is also associated with shrubs, Spinefex, Casuarina, Callitris and Leptospermum. During the night-time when the species is most active, they can be found foraging on the ground around grassy bushes. There are numerous populations of S.williamsi inhabiting savanna ecosystems without trees and therefore, the species may also occupy other niches that have not yet been studied.
Geographic range
In Australia, S. williamsi is found in north-eastern New South Wales, Queensland, south-eastern South Australia, and north-western Victoria. The map below shows a patchy distribution of the species distributed throughout the east of the continent as far north as Cairs in QLD, as south as Adelaide in SA and as west as Bourke in NSW. The species can be commonly found within Murray-Darling woodlands and mallee ecoregion in Victoria. In central NSW and south-west QLD, the semi-arid biome makes up the greatest area of occupation for the species with multiple shifts into surrounding sclerophyll and monsoon communities. The preferred temperature range of the species is 25-30 °C.
Reproduction
The breeding season for Eastern spiny-tailed geckos is from September to February and reproduction is dioecious. S. williamsi is oviparous which is where young are produced through the expulsion of undeveloped eggs rather than giving birth to live young. Females lay two clutches of two eggs at a time which are generally laid at the base of trees, under rocks or in abandoned burrows that are no longer occupied by other animals. Eggs hatch within 45–80 days within a temperature range of 27 °C-30 °C and optimal humidity of 70-80%. Three to five days after the hatchlings emerge from the eggs, the juvenile geckos can begin feeding. Subsequent matings can be observed as soon as one hour after the deposition of the clutch occurs. On average, females can produce five clutches per year.
Diet
Eastern spiny-tailed geckos are insectivorous feeding primarily on arthropods. Their main diet consists of crickets, grasshoppers, moths, spiders and termites
Threats
Strophurus williamsi has been evaluated and categorised by the IUCN as a species of the least concern meaning that they are not a focus for conservation because they are not threatened. The species is however, vulnerable to pressure by grazing and habitat loss, mostly occurring due to land clearing for agriculture. Predators of the Eastern Spiny-tailed gecko include feral cats, larger lizards such as goannas, birds of prey. They are also commonly preyed upon by the pale-headed snake.
References
Further reading
Cogger HG (2014). Reptiles and Amphibians of Australia, Seventh Edition. Clayton, Victoria, Australia: CSIRO Publishing. xxx + 1,033 pp. .
Kluge AG (1963). "A New Species of Gekkonid Lizard, Genus Diplodactylus Gray, from Eastern Australia". Proceedings of the Linnean Society of New South Wales 88: 230-234 + Plate XIV. (Diplodactylus williamsi, new species, pp. 230–233 + Plate XIV, figures a-e).
Rösler H (2000). "Kommentierte Liste der rezent, subrezent und fossil bekannten Geckotaxa (Reptilia: Gekkonomorpha)". Gekkota 2: 28-153. (Strophurus williamsi, p. 115). (in German).
Wilson S, Swan G (2013). A Complete Guide to Reptiles of Australia, Fourth Edition. Sydney, New South Wales, Australia: New Holland Publishers. 522 pp. .
williamsi
Reptiles described in 1963
Taxa named by Arnold G. Kluge
Geckos of Australia
Plaxiphora is a genus of chitons in the family Mopaliidae.
Species
Plaxiphora albida (Blainville, 1825)
Plaxiphora atlantica
Plaxiphora aurata (Spalowsky 1795)
Plaxiphora aurata campbelli Filhol, 1880
Plaxiphora aurea
Plaxiphora australis Suter, 1907
Plaxiphora bednalli
Plaxiphora biramosa Quoy & Gaimard, 1835
Plaxiphora boydeni Murdoch, 1982
Plaxiphora brevispinosa
Plaxiphora caelata Reeve, 1847
Plaxiphora costata (Blainville)
Plaxiphora dardennei
Plaxiphora egregia H. Adams, 1866
Plaxiphora fernandezi
Plaxiphora frigida
Plaxiphora glauca
Plaxiphora kamehamehae
Plaxiphora marquesana
Plaxiphora matthewsi
Plaxiphora mercatoris Leloup, 1936
Plaxiphora mixta
Plaxiphora murdochi Suter, 1905
Plaxiphora obscurella
Plaxiphora obtecta Carpenter in Pilsbry, 1893
Plaxiphora paeteliana
Plaxiphora petholata
Plaxiphora petholatus
Plaxiphora reoplendens
Plaxiphora schauinslandi
Plaxiphora setiger
Plaxiphora setigera
Plaxiphora tricolor
Plaxiphora tulearensis
References
Royal Society of New Zealand
Te Papa
Inreach
Discover Life
ZipCodeZoo
Powell A. W. B., New Zealand Mollusca, William Collins Publishers Ltd, Auckland, New Zealand 1979
Mopaliidae
Taxa described in 1847
Chiton genera
The following list of Americans in the Venona papers is a list of names deciphered from codenames contained in the Venona project, an American government effort from 1943–1980 to decrypt coded messages by intelligence forces of the Soviet Union. To what extent some of the individuals named in the Venona papers were actually involved with Soviet intelligence is a topic of dispute.
The following list of individuals is extracted in large part from the work of historians John Earl Haynes and Harvey Klehr and reflects their previous points of view. However, Haynes' positions on the meaning and correct identification of names on the list continues to evolve.
Non-Americans may also be mentioned in passing.
Notes and disclaimers on the list
Names marked with a double asterisk (**) do not appear in the Venona documents. Inclusion has been inferred to correlate with codenames or similarly spelled names found in the documents.
Similarly, identities that have been inferred by researchers (i.e., the name appears in the Venona documents, but positive identification of the individual bearing that name does not), are also marked with a double asterisk (**).
List
John Abt, attorney and politician**
Solomon Adler, economist**
Rudy Baker, politician**
Joel Barr, engineer
Alice Barrows, educator
Theodore Bayer, President, Russky Golos Publishing
Cedric Belfrage, journalist
Elizabeth Bentley, teacher and politician
Joseph Milton Bernstein
Earl Browder, American communist and General Secretary of the Communist Party USA from 1934 to 1945.
Paul Burns**
Sylvia Callen**
Virginius Frank Coe
Lona Cohen**
Morris Cohen**, Communist Party USA & Portland Spy Ring member who was courier for Manhattan Project physicist Theodore Hall.
Judith Coplon, Department of Justice employee
Lauchlin Currie, White House economic adviser to President Franklin Roosevelt and director of World Bank mission to Colombia.
Byron T. Darling**
William Dawson, United States Ambassador to Uruguay
Eugene Dennis, politician and labor organizer
Samuel Dickstein, politician and judge**
Martha Dodd**, daughter of William Dodd, who served as the United States ambassador to Germany between 1933 and 1937.
William E. Dodd, Jr., educator; son of William Dodd and brother of Martha Dodd
Laurence Duggan, head of the South American desk at the United States Department of State during World War II.
Eufrosina Dvoichenko-Markov
Nathan Einhorn
Jack Bradley Fahy
Linn Markley Farish, senior liaison officer with Josip Broz Tito's Yugoslav Partisan forces
Edward J. Fitzgerald
Charles Flato
Isaac Folkoff
Jane Foster
Zalmond David Franklin
Isabel Gallardo
Boleslaw K. Gerbert
Rebecca Getzoff
Harold Glasser, U.S. Treasury Dept. economist, United Nations Relief and Rehabilitation Administration (UNRRA) spokesperson.
Bela Gold
Harry Gold, sentenced to 30 years for their role in the Rosenbergs' ring
Sonia Steinman Gold
Jacob Golos, "main pillar" of NKVD spy network, particularly the Sound/Myrna group, they died in the arms of Elizabeth Bentley
George Gorchoff
Gerald Graze**
David Greenglass, machinist at Los Alamos sentenced to 15 years for their role in Rosenberg ring; they were the brother of executed Ethel Rosenberg
Ruth Greenglass
Theodore Alvin Hall, Manhattan Project physicist who gave plutonium purification secrets to Soviet intelligence.
Maurice Halperin, American writer, professor, diplomat, and Soviet spy (NKVD code name "Hare").
Kitty Harris
Clarence Hiskey**
Cary Hiles
Alger Hiss, Lawyer involved in the establishment of the United Nations, both as a U.S. State Department and UN official.
Donald Hiss**
Harry Hopkins, One of FDR's closest advisers & New Deal architect, esp. Works Progress Administration (WPA); as a diplomat in charge of relations between FDR and Stalin their name naturally appears on the list.
Louis Horwitz
Bella Joseph**
Emma Harriet Joseph
Gertrude Kahn
Joseph Katz
Helen Grace Scott Keenan
Mary Jane Keeney, librarian
Philip Keeney
Alexander Koral**
Helen Koral
Samuel Krafsur
Charles Kramer, economist
Christina Krotkova
Sergej Nikolaevich Kurnakov
Fiorello La Guardia, mayor of New York City
Stephen Laird
Oscar Lange, economist and diplomat
Richard Lauterbach, employee at Time magazine
Duncan C. Lee
Michael S. Leshing
Helen Lowry
William Mackey
Harry Samuel Magdoff
William Malisoff, owner and manager of United Laboratories
Hede Massing**
Robert Owen Menaker
Floyd Cleveland Miller
James Walter Miller
Robert Miller**
Robert G. Minor, Office of Strategic Services, Belgrade
Leonard Emil Mins
Nichola Napoli
Franz Neumann**
David K. Niles
Eugénie Olkhine
George Oppen**
Mary Oppen**
Frank Oppenheimer**
Julius Robert Oppenheimer, Scientific director of the Manhattan Project and chief advisor to the U.S. Atomic Energy Commission.
Nicholas V. Orloff
Edna Margaret Patterson
William Perl
Victor Perlo
Vladimir Aleksandrovich Posner, United States War Department
Lee Pressman
Mary Wolfe Price
Bernard Redmont**
Peter Rhodes
Stephan Sandi Rich
Kenneth Richardson, World Wide Electronics
Samuel Jacob Rodman, United Nations Relief and Rehabilitation Administration
Franklin Delano Roosevelt, President of the United States, their name appears on the list under the code name "capitan". (Winston Churchill's codename was "boar."
Allen Rosenberg
Julius Rosenberg, United States Army Signal Corps Laboratories, executed for role in the Rosenberg ring
Ethel Rosenberg, executed for role in Rosenberg ring based on testimony of their brother, David Greenglass
Amadeo Sabatini
Alfred Epaminodas Sarant
Marian Miloslavovich Schultz
Milton Schwartz
John Scott, journalist
Ricardo Setaro
Charles Bradford Sheppard, Hazeltine Electronics
Abraham George Silverman
Nathan Gregory Silvermaster, U.S. War Production Board (WPB) economist and head of a major ring of spies in the U.S. government.
Helen Silvermaster, Leader of the American League for Peace & Democracy and the National Federation for Constitutional Liberties.
Morton Sobell
Jack Soble
Robert Soble
Johannes Steele
I. F. Stone, Investigative journalist whose newsletter, I. F. Stone's Weekly, was ranked 16th out of 100 by their fellow journalists.
Augustina Stridsberg
Anna Louise Strong
Helen Tenney**
Mikhail Tkach, editor of the Ukrainian Daily News
William Ludwig Ullmann
Irving Charles Velson
Margietta Voge
Henry A. Wallace
William Weisband**
Donald Wheeler
Maria Wicher
Harry Dexter White, Senior U.S. Treasury department official, primary designer of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank.
Ruth Beverly Wilson
Ignacy Witczak**
Ilya Elliott Wolston
Flora Don Wovschin
Jones Orin York
Daniel Abraham Zaret, Spanish War veteran
Mark Zborovski, anthropologist
See also
Active measures
History of Soviet and Russian espionage in the United States
List of Soviet agents in the United States
References
Robert L. Benson, The Venona Story, National Security Agency, 2001. Includes all six monographs written by Benson for each release of Venona messages.
John Earl Haynes and Harvey Klehr (1999), Venona: Decoding Soviet Espionage in America, Yale University Press
Eric Hoffman (2007) A Poetry of Action: George Oppen and Communism, American Communist History, 6:1, 1–28, DOI: 10.1080/14743890701398627
Footnotes
External links
NSA Venona site
Selected Venona Messages
FBI Files relating to Venona. Released in conjunction Moynihan Committee report.
John Earl Haynes, Harvey Klehr, Venona; Decoding Soviet Espionage in America, Yale University Press, 1999. . See Yale University Press Web site information on the book.
John Earl Haynes, "Cover Name, Cryptonym, CPUSA Party Name, Pseudonym, and Real Name Index. A Research Historian's Working Reference" (revised April 2009), on the author's web site.
01
.Verona
Espionage in the United States
Spy rings
Cold War spies
World War II spies
World War II espionage
Venona papers
Gaudenis Vidugiris is a professional Magic: The Gathering player. Their career highlights include three Grand Prix wins, and a second-place finish at Pro Tour Avacyn Restored in 2012. Though a resident of New York, Vidugiris has played for the Lithuanian national team a number of times.
Achievements
Other accomplishments
Lithuanian national champion 2012, 2013, 2014
Disqualification
Vidugiris was disqualified from Pro Tour Dublin in Round 1 for Unsporting Conduct — Cheating. Vidugiris was found to be covering up an incorrectly drawn number of cards to begin a game.
References
Magic: The Gathering players
Living people
Sportspeople from New York City
American people of Lithuanian descent
Year of birth missing (living people)
The 2021–22 season was the 120th season in the existence of FC Girondins de Bordeaux and the club's 28th consecutive season in the top flight of French football. In addition to the domestic league, Bordeaux participated in this season's edition of the Coupe de France.
Bordeaux were allowed to stay in the top flight after their appeal against relegation to Ligue 2 along with Angers were accepted. Bordeaux had a disastrous campaign, finishing bottom and relegated to the second division. On 14 June, its relegation to the Championnat National (third tier) due to financial issues was confirmed. However, this decision was later overturned by the FFF executive committee.
Players
First-team squad
On loan
Transfers
In
Out
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Overall record
Ligue 1
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
The league fixtures were announced on 25 June 2021.
Coupe de France
References
FC Girondins de Bordeaux seasons
Bordeaux
Deaths on Pleasant Street: The Ghastly Enigma of Colonel Swope and Doctor Hyde () is a non-fiction book describing the suspicious deaths of three members of the prominent Swope family of Independence Mo. The deaths took place in the fall and winter of 1909, in the family's 26-room gothic mansion. Author Giles Fowler presents evidence that at least two of the deaths were murders, committed by Dr. Bennett Clark Hyde, who was married to a Swope heiress. The first Hyde trial, for the murder of philanthropist Thomas Hunton Swope, was covered by virtually every major newspaper in the United States. Fowler's book, published by the Truman State University Press, was winner of the Jackson County, MO. Historical Society's Historic Book of the Year award, in 2009, and a 2009 ForeWord award as True Crime Book of the Year.
References
The 2009 Best True Crime Book of the Year
The Sewanee Review, Spring 2010
Jackson County, Mo., Historical Society
American non-fiction books
History of Missouri
Mudmen are a Canadian Celtic rock band. They are best known for their singles "5 O'Clock", "Saturday", and "Drink and Fight" as well as their covers of Spirit of the West's "Home for a Rest" and AC/DC's "It's a Long Way to the Top (If You Wanna Rock 'n' Roll)".
History
The Mudmen formed in Alvinston/Petrolia in 1998. The original band members were vocalist Zoy Nicoles, guitarist Lonny Knapp, bassist Tommy Skilton, drummer Ryan McCaffrey and bagpipe-playing brothers Robby and Sandy Campbell who were the founding members, who had previously been signed with the EMI label under the name The Campbell Brothers.
In 2001 the Mudmen performed at the Snow Jam festival in Halifax. That year the band released a self-titled studio album; a second album, Overrated, was released in 2003. The band then toured across Canada with Bif Naked, and played at many festivals, including Edgefest.
The Mudmen released 9 studio albums—Mudmen (2001), Overrated (2003), Defending The Kingdom (2005), The High Road (2009), Another Day (2010), Donegal Danny (2012), "Where I Came From" (2013), "Train" (2015), and "Old Plaid Shirt (2016).
The band's music has been featured in popular culture—their single "Lost", from their self-titled debut, was featured in a promotional video for the NBC television show The Black Donnelly's, and their single "Animal" was featured in the soundtracks of the video games Burnout 3: Takedown, MX vs. ATV Unleashed HBO'S Shameless . The Campbell Brothers "founding members" appear on the Bob and Doug's 24 anniversary special and have music featured on Don Cherry's hockey videos 9,19,2024,27,29 and coach's corner Dale Hunter Tribute. The Mudmen wrote and recorded the theme entrance music for WWE Wrestlers The Highlanders, reached #19 on the Edge radio top 20 countdown with 6 music videos on Much Music . Career highlights include meeting & performing for the Queen, performing at the 84 Edmonton oilers Stanley Cup re-union, The Oilers/Flames home opening ceremonies, 7 Grey Cups, 3 memorial Cups, 12 Canadas Walk of Fame Ceremonies,2 Special Olympic opening televised ceremonies opening up for legendary bands ZZ Top & The Guess Who.Mudmen and the Campbell Brothers have performed over 3000 shows to date.
The Mudmen are continuing to perform together. The Brantford Blast and Brantford Red Sox are currently using the Mudmen's song "Go team Go" as their entrance theme. Mudmen will celebrate their 25th Anniversary in 2023 For more info on mudmen visit www.mudmen.ca
Name and background
The band's name comes from the Campbell Brothers "founding members" occupation prior to forming the band. They were mixing mortar and carrying bricks for bricklayers.
The band's music is influenced by traditional Scottish music, as well as hard rock groups such as AC/DC. Mudmen have opened for many well-known bands, including ZZ Top, Tool, Dropkick Murphys and Bowling for Soup, as well as fellow Canadians Nickelback, Sum 41 and The Guess Who.
Band members
Sandy Campbell - Bagpipes, Backup Vocals
Robby Campbell - Bagpipes
Colin Amey - Lead singer, Guitar
Jordon Brosseau - Bass Guitar, Backup Vocals
Andy Gingerich - Drums, Percussion
Alex Showdra - Electric Guitar, Banjo, Mandolin, Backup Vocals, Live Sound
Current band members
Robby Campbell - Bagpipes
Sandy Campbell - Bagpipes
Colin Amey-Lead Singer, Acoustic Guitar
Jordon Brosseau - Bass Guitar
Andy Gingerich - Drums, Percussion
Alex Showdra - Electric Guitar, Banjo, Mandolin, Backup Vocals, Live Sound
Former band members
Dan Westenenk - Bass Guitar
Jeremy Burton - Drums
Steve Gore - Vocals and Guitar
Zois (ZOY) Nicoles - Lead Vocals
Lonny Knapp - Guitar
Tommy Skilton - Bass Guitar
Ryan McCaffrey - Drums
Alex Maletich-Guitar, Banjo & Mandolin
Troy Spinney-Bass Guitar
Matt Coburn-Guitar
Discography
Mudmen (2001, EMI)
Overrated (2003 Sextent/EMI)
Defending the Kingdom (2006 Mudpiper Records)
The High Road (2009 Mudpiper Records)
Another Day (2010, Mudpiper Records)
Donegal Danny (2012, Mudpiper Records)
Where I Came From (2013, Mudpiper Records)
On a Train (2015, Mudpiper Records)
Old Plaid Shirt (2016, Mudpiper Records)
Best of Mudmen (2021,Mudpiper Records)
Farmers Tan (2022,Mudpiper Records)
References
External links
Mudmen Official website
Mudmen at MuchMusic
Mudmen Official Facebook page
Musical groups established in 1998
Musical groups from Ontario
Canadian folk rock groups
Celtic rock groups
Celtic punk groups
Canadian punk rock groups
EMI Records artists
1998 establishments in Ontario
Lawrence William Steinkraus (November 29, 1922 – December 4, 1992) was a Major General in the U.S. Air Force. Their last post was to serve as the Deputy Director for operations of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff.
Prior to that position they served as deputy chief of staff for logistics at the Headquarters Strategic Air Command, and as Commander of the 319th Bombardment Wing, at Grand Forks Air Force Base in North Dakota.
Education
Bachelor's degree in industrial management from Florida State University.
Graduate of the Advanced Management School at the University of Colorado.
References
External links
Official Profile
United States Air Force generals
Florida State University alumni
1922 births
1992 deaths
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
American military personnel of World War II
Tukar (Serer : A Tukaar, other variations : Toukar or Toucar) a large village in Senegal. Attached to the rural community of Ngayokhem, it is located in the area of the pre-colonial Kingdom of Sine, west of Senegal. The population is overrun by the Serers. As of 2006 to 2007, the population was estimated at 3000. Ndokh, which was a colony of Tukar, is now a separate village.
History
According to Serer tradition Tukar was founded by Lamane Jegan Joof (French spelling in Senegal: Lamane Djigan Diouf). There are various versions of the tradition, but the basic story has a hero-migrant, Jegan Joof migrating from Lambaye looking for land to exploit. When they arrived at Tukar, it was nothing more than an inhospitable forest. In accordance with the complex land law system of the Serer people, they were the one who cleared the fields and founded Tukar. Their paternal descendants (the Joof family) reigned there for several centuries.
In 1937, Biram Diouf (English spelling in the Gambia: Biram Joof), a descendant of Lamane Jegan Joof, was short of money and decided to pawn their family's estate (a form of mortgage known in the Serer language as taile) to Waly Sene, the Jaraff of Tukar (representative of the local king). The Joof family of Tukar almost lost their ancestral land. It took 50 years for a great-grandson of Biram Diouf called Djignak Diouf to eventually repay the descendants of Waly Sene and reclaimed their family's estate.
Etymology
The name Tukar consists of two Serer words: tuuk ("shut up") and kar-kar ("just kidding"). According to Serer oral tradition, an adventurer by the name of Fassamane Thiaw (or Chaw) paid a visit to Lamane Jegan Joof during the harvest season. Lamane Jegan Joof was to have a very good harvest of millet that year and Fassamane Thiaw is reported to have exclaimed, "Ooh, you're going have quite a bit of millet!" The Lamane was so surprised they immediately replied: "Tuuk!" - which means "shut up!" in Serer language. They then ordered Fassamane Thiaw to say "kar-kar" ("just kidding"). This is said to be the origin of the name Tukar.
According to historians, Lamane Jegan Joof had certainly been very shocked by the remark of Fassamane Thiaw about their promising harvest, but, above all, the bad spirits could be listening and decide to take revenge as a result of jealousy and introduce plague or locusts. This ancient superstition still prevails in Senegambia. The Serers and other ethnic groups of Senegambia forbid drawing attention to success or good fortune, because they fear that the bad spirits may become jealous and take revenge. If one mistakenly offers a compliment or comment on someone's good harvest, one is expected to quickly add kar-kar (just kidding), to ward off bad luck.
Status
The foundation of Tukar by Jegan Joof is occasionally taught to young children at the local school of Kane Faye. In the Serer religious calendar, the Raan festival is held in Tukar once a year on the second Thursday after the new moon in April. The Pangool of Tukar of is Lunguñ Joof (or Lunguñ Juuf in Serer).
In popular culture
Senegalese artist Angélique Dione's 2017 track Toukar pays homage to Tukar. The track has a salsa vibe in which Angélique, who is a native of Tukar plays the guitar.
Community life
Founded in 1986, the Association of Peasants of Tukar (APT) (French: l'Association des Paysans de Tukar) is a rural association that promotes community cohesion and self-sufficiency. However in the mid-2000s, it had some difficulties and a new organization Bug Saax Of (Serer for "those who love their town") was born.
See also
Kingdom of Saloum
Kingdom of Baol
History of Senegal
Notes
References
Bibliography
History of Senegal
History of the Gambia
Fatick Region
Former countries in Africa
Religious places
Serer holy places
Philip Todd Whitten (born February 16, 1965) is an American football coach and former player.  They are the head football coach at Tarleton State University, a position they held in 1996, from 2000 to 2004, and resumed before the 2016 season. Whitten was head football coach at Sam Houston State University from 2005 to 2009.
Playing career
A native of Dallas, Texas, Whitten attended Justin F. Kimball High School. In 1982, they guided the school to a district championship. Whitten chose to attend Stephen F. Austin University, where they were a three-year starter in football and baseball in 1984-86.
Whitten earned All-Gulf Star Conference as quarterback for the Jacks. They rank second in SFA career passing yards (6,304) and touchdown passes (60). They were drafted in baseball by the Philadelphia Phillies in 1983 and signed a free agent contract with the New England Patriots in 1987. They received their bachelor's degree in education from Stephen F. Austin in 1987 and their master's in education from Texas Tech in 1990. Whitten was inducted into the SFA Athletics Hall of Fame in 2001.
Coaching career
Following their one-year stint with the Patriots, Whitten began their coaching career as a graduate assistant coach at Texas Tech, working with the quarterbacks during the 1988 and 1989 seasons. They then became quarterbacks coach at New Mexico State University under head coach Jim Hess. In 1994, Whitten was hired by Charlie Bailey to coach the running backs at UTEP.
In 1996, Whitten got their first head coaching job as they took over at Tarleton State University. After a turn-around season that earned them Lone Star Conference Coach of the Year honors, Whitten left to become offensive coordinator for head coach Dana Dimel at the University of Wyoming. In 1999, they became offensive coordinator at Sam Houston State, before leaving again for Tarleton State.
Between 2000 and 2004, Whitten coached Tarleton State to a 45–23 overall record, including a Lone Star Conference championship in 2001; and 2002, 2003 North Division championships. While at Tarleton, Whitten garnered Coach of the Year honors four times, as well as in 2001 being named d2football.com West Region Coach of the Year. In addition they set 30 school records, coached 13 All-Americans, 80 all-conference players, and led the Texans to their first ever playoff appearances in 2001 and 2003. Whitten is the winningest coach in the school's senior college era. In 2005, they accepted an offer by Sam Houston State to succeed longtime coach Ron Randleman. While at Sam Houston, Whitten produced the school's first back to back 1,000 yards rusher in 2006 and 2007, finished the 2008 season ranked sixth nationally in total offense, directed the University's all-time leader in both passing and total offense (Rhett Bomar), coached eight All-Americans and 63 all-conference players. Whitten coached SHSU to a 25–28 record in five seasons.
Whitten was hired on March 15, 2010, as the offensive coordinator for Division I Lamar University. In the Cardinal's first season in twenty-one years, Whitten coached the school's first back to back 400 yard passer, and helped lead Lamar to an overall record of 5–6. In the Cardinal's second year under Whitten, school records were set in team passing yards, individual total offense in a game, individual passing yards in a game, completions in a game, and individual receiving yards in game.
In 2012, Whitten served as the head football coach at Arlington Heights High School in Fort Worth, Texas. They left the school after one season to become the wide receivers coach at the University of Texas at El Paso.
Whitten was named head football coach at Tarleton State for the third time, on December 3, 2015 by athletic director Lonn Reisman.
In 2020, Tarleton State moved from Division II to Division I FCS. On February 21, 2020, Whitten coached the Texans to its first win as a FCS member against the New Mexico State Aggies 43-17 who is in the FBS.
Head coaching record
References
External links
Tarleton State profile
1965 births
Living people
American football quarterbacks
High school football coaches in Texas
Lamar Cardinals football coaches
National Football League replacement players
New England Patriots players
New Mexico State Aggies football coaches
Players of American football from Dallas
Sam Houston State Bearkats football coaches
Sportspeople from Dallas
Stephen F. Austin Lumberjacks football players
Tarleton State Texans football coaches
Texas Tech Red Raiders football coaches
Texas Tech University alumni
UTEP Miners football coaches
Wyoming Cowboys football coaches
Michael Lloyd is a special effects artist who was nominated at the 58th Academy Awards in the category of Best Visual Effects for their work on the film Return to Oz. They shared their nomination with Zoran Perisic, Will Vinton, and Ian Wingrove.
Selected filmography
Raiders of the Lost Ark (1981)
Baby: Secret of the Lost Legend (1985)
Return to Oz (1985)
Superman IV: The Quest for Peace (1987)
Dick Tracy (1990)
Independence Day (1996)
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring (2001)
The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers (2002)
The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe (2005)
Avatar (2009)
References
External links
Living people
Special effects people
Year of birth missing (living people)
The 2nd Bridge Engineer Regiment () is a military engineer regiment of the Italian Army based in Piacenza in the Emilia Romagna. Today the regiment is administratively assigned to the army's Engineer Command and the army's sole unit focusing on operational level river crossings.
History
On 1 January 1883 the Royal Italian Army raised the 4th Engineer Regiment (Bridges) in Piacenza with the functions of a depot; i.e. the regiment only raised units for other formations. Initially the regiment controlled two railway engineers and four bridge engineer companies, and the 14th Lagunari Company in Venice. One of the four bridge engineer companies, the 1st Bridge Engineer Company, had distinguished itself at the Siege of Peschiera in May 1848 during the First Italian War of Independence and arrived with a Bronze Medal of Military Valour, which was affixed to the flag of the newly raised regiment.
World War I
During World War I the regiment raised an additional twelve bridge engineers and three lagunari companies. The regiment's companies were employed repeatedly during the first eleven battles on the Isonzo river. After the Twelfth Battle of the Isonzo the regiment's companies built emergency bridges over the Torre and Tagliamento rivers to allow the Third Army to escape. During the battles along the Piave river the engineers helped the Italian Army cross the river during the decisive Battle of Vittorio Veneto.
After the war the 4th Engineer Regiment (Bridges) was renamed Bridge Engineer and Lagunari Regiment, to honor the conduct of the Lagunari units during the war. On 15 May 1933 the regiment was split into the 1st Bridge Engineer Regiment in Verona and the 2nd Bridge Engineer Regiment in Piacenza.
World War II
During World War II the regiment acted once again as depot, raising bridge engineer battalions for other formations. The and IX bridge battalions distinguished themselves in September 1941 as part of the Italian Expeditionary Corps in Russia, when they repaired a long enemy pontoon bridge over the Dnieper river at Dnipro in Southern Ukraine under enemy fire. When Italy changed sides with the Armistice of Cassibile on 8 September 1943 and the regiment was disbanded.
For its service of its battalions on the Eastern Front the regiment was awarded a Bronze Medal of Military Valour.
Cold War
On 15 December 1949 the regiment was reformed in Piacenza with the following structure:
2nd Bridge Engineer Regiment, in Piacenza
Command Platoon
I Bridge Engineer Battalion
1st Bridge Engineer Company
2nd Bridge Engineer Company
I Railway Engineer Battalion
1st Dismountable Metal Bridges Company
2nd Dismountable Metal Bridges Company
Railway Operations Company
Field Park Company
In 1950 the regiment also raised a Bridge Engineer Recruits Training Company. The same year the regiment began to build the bridge for the yearly Festa del Redentore in Venice - a tradition that continued until the end of obligatory military service in 2000. For its quick and tireless intervention after the Polesine floods in November 1951 the regiment was awarded a Silver Medal of Civil Valour.
On 1 March 1953 the regiment raised a second and third bridge engineer battalion, with the former being based in Legnano. On 1 January 1954 the Railway Battalion left the regiment to form the Railway Engineer Regiment, followed on 1 October 1957 by the II Engineer Battalion. On 1 February 1964 the II Bridge Engineer Battalion returned to the 2nd Bridge Engineer Regiment. On 6 September 1974 the Bridge Engineer Battalion was put into reserve status and switched then numbers with the II Bridge Engineer Battalion.
2nd Bridge Engineer Regiment, in Piacenza
Command and Services Platoon, in Piacenza
1st Bridge Engineer Battalion, in Legnago
2nd Bridge Engineer Battalion (Reserve), in Piacenza
3rd Bridge Engineer Battalion, in Piacenza
Recent times
On 22 September 1992 the 1st Bridge Engineer Battalion became an autonomous battalion under the Northeastern Military Region. The battalion was elevated to 1st Bridge Engineer Regiment and assigned the war flag of the 1st Engineer Regiment in 1993, but was disbanded in 1997. On 1 December 1997 the regiment passed from the Tuscan-Emilian Military Region to the army's Engineer Grouping, which on 10 September 2010 became the Engineer Command.
After the August 2016 earthquake in Central Italy the regiment was deployed to the disaster area and remained there until April 2017, rebuilding roads and bridges, and providing engineering services to the affected communities. For its service the regiment was awarded Gold Cross of Army Merit.
Current structure
As of 2019 the 2nd Bridge Engineer Regiment consists of:
Regimental Command, in Piacenza
Command and Logistic Support Company
I Battalion
1st Bridge Engineer Company
2nd Bridge Engineer Company
Special Equipment and Construction Company
Road- and Earthworks Company
The Command and Logistic Support Company fields the following platoons: C3 Platoon, Transport and Material Platoon, Medical Platoon, Commissariat Platoon, and EOD Platoon. The two bridge engineer companies are equipped with French Motorized Floating Bridges, while the other two companies are equipped with a variety of cranes, excavators, etc.
External links
Italian Army Website: 2° Reggimento Genio Pontieri
References
Engineer Regiments of Italy
Robert Hewitson (26 February 1884 – 1957) was an English professional footballer who played for Morpeth Harriers, Barnsley, Crystal Palace, Oldham Athletic, Tottenham Hotspur, Croydon Common and Doncaster Rovers.
Football career
Hewitson began their playing career at Morpeth Harriers before joining Barnsley in 1903, the goalkeeper played a total of 62 matches between 1903 and 1904. Hewitson moved on to Crystal Palace where they featured in 75 matches in all competitions. In 1907 they signed for Oldham Athletic before joining Tottenham Hotspur in 1908 and went on to participate in a further 34 matches in all competitions. After leaving White Hart Lane they played for Croydon Common and finally Doncaster Rovers.
References
External links
Picture of Hewitson Retrieved 25 August 2014
1884 births
1957 deaths
People from Blyth, Northumberland
English footballers
English Football League players
Association football goalkeepers
Morpeth Harriers F.C. players
Barnsley F.C. players
Crystal Palace F.C. players
Oldham Athletic A.F.C. players
Tottenham Hotspur F.C. players
Croydon Common F.C. players
Doncaster Rovers F.C. players
Blessing Oghnewresem Okagbare-Otegheri (born 9 October 1988) is a former Nigerian track and field athlete who specialized in Long jump and sprints.  They are an Olympic and World Championships medalist in the long jump, and a world medalist in the 200 meters. They also hold the Women's 100 meters Commonwealth Games record for the fastest time at 10.85 seconds.  They are currently serving an 11 year ban for breaching multiple World Athletics anti-doping rules. Them ban expires on 30 July 2032.
Them 100 m best of 10.79 made them the African record holder for the event until it was eclipsed by Murielle Ahouré in 2016. On June 17, 2021 Okagbare ran a wind-aided 10.63 100 m. They were the African record holder over the 200m with a time of 22.04 seconds in 2018, thus making them the second-fastest African female athlete over the 200m behind Christine Mboma who ran an African record of 21.78 seconds in 2021. They were the African 100 m and long jump champion in 2010. They have also won medals at the All-Africa Games, IAAF Continental Cup and World Relays.
Okagbare was suspended after failing a drugs test on 31 July 2021 during the 2020 Tokyo Olympics. On 18 February 2022 it was announced that they had been banned from athletics for a period of 10 years commencing 30 July 2021 for multiple breaches of World Athletics Anti-Doping rules. Following a hearing at the Athletics Integrity Unit that found them to have taken both human growth hormone and EPO over an extended period, and to have failed to co-operate with the investigation, Okagbare was banned for ten years, effectively ending their athletics career in disgrace. On 23 June 2022, the AIU announced that Okagbare's ban had been extended by a year for further anti-doping offences.
Career
Early life
Of Urhobo heritage, Okagbare was born in Sapele, Delta, in Nigeria. Given their athletic physique, teachers and family encouraged them to take up sports. Initially they played football as a teenager at their high school and later, in 2004, they began to take an interest in track and field. They participated in a number of disciplines early on, competing in the long jump, triple jump and high jump events at the Nigerian school championships and winning a medal in each. On the senior national stage, they were a triple jump bronze medalist at the 2004 Nigerian National Sports Festival. Okagbare's first international outing came at the 2006 World Junior Championships in Athletics, where they performed in the qualifying rounds of both the long and triple jump competitions.
In May 2007, at the All-Africa Games trials in Lagos, they established a Nigerian record of 14.13 meters in the triple jump. At the 2007 All-Africa Games they won the silver medal in the long jump and finished fourth in the triple jump. In the latter competition their Nigerian record was beaten by Chinonye Ohadugha, who jumped 14.21 meters.
Olympic and African medals
As a 19-year-old, they won a silver medal in the women's long jump event at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. They were selected to compete at the 2009 World Championships in Athletics but did not start either the 100 m or long jump.
Okagbare scored a 100 m/long jump double at the NCAA Women's Outdoor Track and Field Championship for University of Texas at El Paso, completing an undefeated collegiate streak for the UTEP Miners that year. They won the Nigerian 100 m title in 2010, running a time of 11.04 seconds, and stated that they were opting out of the long jump in order to save themselves for the upcoming African championships.
At the African Championships in 2010, they won gold in the long jump again with a distance of 6.62 m while their compatriot Comfort Onyali took silver. Okagbare also won gold in the 100 m distance with a run of 11.03 s flat, while Gabon's Ruddy Zang Milama and compatriot Oludamola Osayomi won silver and bronze with runs of 11.15 s and 11.22 s respectively . They won their third gold at the end of the championship as part of the Nigerian 4×100 m women's relay team. The team of Okagbare, Osayomi, Lawretta Ozoh and Agnes Osazuwa set a new championship record with a run of 43.43 s, more than a full second ahead of the silver-winning Cameroonian quartet.
In 2011, Okagbare continued to build on their earlier endeavors by establishing themselves as a 100 m runner. At the 2011 World Championships in Daegu, Okagbare placed fifth in the 100 m final with a run of 11.12 s. However, they did not make it to the final of the long jump as their best jump of 6.36 m was not enough to get them out of their qualifying group. They concluded their 2011 season by winning three medals at the Africa Games in Maputo, Mozambique. They won silver in the 100 m behind compatriot Oludamola Osayomi with a run of 11.01 s and gold in the long jump with a jump of 6.50 m. They were part of the Nigerian quartet that won gold in the 4 × 100 m with a time of 43.34.
2012 was a busy year for Okagbare. They jumped 6.97 m in the long jump in Calabar during the Nigerian championship. They won new continental medals at the 2012 African Championships in Porto-Novo. In the 100 m they were beaten to silver by Zang Milama, while in the long jump they claimed gold with a jump of 6.96 m.
London 2012 and 2013 World Championships
At London 2012, Okagbare participated in their second Olympic Games. Going into the Olympics they had run a number of fast 100 m races and there was much anticipation and hope of a medal. However the 2012 Olympics were not as successful for Okagbare as their 2008 outing. They established a new personal best of 10.92 s in the 100 m semi-final but placed eighth in the final with a run of 11.01 s.
2013 would prove to be a breakthrough year for Okagbare. In April 2013, in Walnut, California, Blessing Okagbare set a personal record in the 200 m with a time of 22.31 s. Then, in July, they improved their personal best in the long jump with successive jumps of 6.98 m at the Athletissima meet in Lausanne, and 7.00 m during the Monaco Herculis meet. On 27 July 2013, at the London Anniversary Games, Okagbare set a new African record of 10.86 s in their 100 m race. They won the final about an hour later, setting a new African record of 10.79, in a race where they beat reigning 100 m Olympic gold medalist Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce. Okagbare's record eclipsed the existing record by compatriot Glory Alozie of 10.90 s which had stood since 1998.
At the 2013 World Championships in Moscow, Okagbare won the silver medal in the long jump. Them jump of 6.99 m put them in second place behind Brittney Reese of the United States by only two centimeters. In the 100 m final, they placed sixth with a run of 11.04 s and also placed third in the 200 m race.
2014 Commonwealth Games
Okagbare participated in both the 100m and 200m races. They made it through to the finals of the 100m and won with a time of 10.85 seconds, breaking the games record of 10.91 seconds set by Debbie Ferguson-McKenzie 12 years earlier at the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester. Okagbare also won the gold medal in the 200, with a time of 22.25 seconds. In doing so, they became the fourth woman to win the 100m and 200m double at the Commonwealth Games.
2015 World Relays and African Games
They ran the lead off leg in the 4 × 200 m at the 2015 World Relays. The team consisting of Okagbare, Regina George, Dominique Duncan and Christy Udoh, won the race and set an African Record in the process. They did not appear in the 200 meters at the IAAF World Championships or the Africa Games due to a hamstring injury they sustained while finishing last in the final of the 100 meters at the World Championships. At the end of the season, they did participate in the IAAF Diamond League meet, the Weltklasse Zürich in Zurich, finishing second in the 100 meters. The Director General of Nigeria's National Sports Commission Al Hassan Yakmu was angered by the perceived snub:
It was initially reported that Okagbare was banned from representing Nigeria at the 2016 Olympics. The Athletics Federation of Nigeria eventually refuted the claim. Though they opted out of the individual events at the All-Africa Games, they did run in the 4 × 100 m relay and help the Nigerian team (Cecilia Francis, Okagbare, Ngozi Onwumere and Lawretta Ozoh) secure the gold medal.
2016 Rio Olympics
Blessing had a disappointing show at 2016 Rio Olympics as they finished without a single medal. They never made it to the final but was ranked 3rd in 100m semifinal finishing at 11.09s and ranked 8th with their teammates in the final of 4 × 100 m relay.
2020 Tokyo Olympics
Okagbare won their first round heat in the 100 metres with a time of 11.05. They were subsequently suspended on 31 July 2021 after failing a drug test taken on 19 July 2021, which tested positive for human growth hormone.
2022 Athletics Integrity Unit (AIU) Ban
On 18 February 2022, the AIU announced that Okagbare has been given a 10-year ban for “multiple breaches of anti-doping rules”.
The athletics body said Okagbare was banned for five years for the use of multiple prohibited substances and another five years for not co-operating with the investigation.
On 19 February 2022, the Nigerian sprinter reacted to the sentence by the Athletics Integrity Unit (AIU), by writing a statement on their verified Instagram page that their lawyers are currently studying the allegations, and they will inform the people on how it goes.
Personal life
In September 2014, they married Nigerian footballer Igho Otegheri.
International competitions
1Disqualified in the semifinal
National titles
Nigerian Athletics Championships
100 meters: 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2016
200 meters: 2013, 2014, 2016
Long jump: 2007, 2008, 2009, 2011, 2012, 2013
Triple jump: 2007, 2008
NCAA Women's Division I Outdoor Track and Field Championships
100 meters: 2010
Long jump: 2010
NCAA Women's Division I Indoor Track and Field Championships
60 meters: 2010
Circuit wins
100 m
Meeting Sport Solidarietà: 2010
London Grand Prix: 2012, 2013
Herculis: 2012
IAAF World Challenge Beijing: 2013
Jamaica International Invitational: 2014
Shanghai Golden Grand Prix: 2015
Meeting de Atletismo Madrid: 2016
Gyulai István Memorial: 2016, 2017
Marseille Meeting International: 2017
Hanžeković Memorial: 2017
Texas Relays: 2018
200 m
Mt. SAC Relays: 2013
British Grand Prix: 2013
Shanghai Golden Grand Prix: 2014
Meeting Areva: 2014
Michael Johnson Classic: 2016
Folksam Grand Prix: 2016
KBC Night of Athletics: 2016
Long jump
Gyulai István Memorial: 2011
Athletissima: 2013
Herculis: 2013
Shanghai Golden Grand Prix: 2014
Personal bests
100 meters – 10.79 seconds (2013)
200 meters – 22.04 seconds (2018)
Long jump – (2013)
Triple jump – (2007)
60 meters (indoor) – 7.18 seconds (2010)
Them mark of 14.13 m in the triple jump is the African under-20 record. Them best of 10.79 in the 100 m was the African senior record from 27 July 2013 to 11 June 2016, when it was beaten by Ivorian athlete Murielle Ahouré.
Seasonal bests
See also
2018 in 100 meters
List of Olympic medalists in athletics (women)
List of Commonwealth Games medalists in athletics (women)
List of World Championships in Athletics medalists (women)
List of African Games medalists in athletics (women)
List of champions of the African Championships in Athletics
List of 2008 Summer Olympics medal winners
List of Nigerian sportspeople
200 meters at the World Championships in Athletics
Long jump at the Olympics
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
Nigerian female sprinters
Nigerian female long jumpers
Nigerian female triple jumpers
Sportspeople from Delta State
Olympic female sprinters
Olympic female long jumpers
Olympic athletes of Nigeria
Olympic silver medalists in athletics (track and field)
Athletes (track and field) at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for Nigeria
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for Nigeria
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2018 Commonwealth Games
World Athletics Championships athletes for Nigeria
World Athletics Championships medalists
African Games gold medalists for Nigeria
African Games silver medalists for Nigeria
African Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
UTEP Miners women's track and field athletes
Athletes (track and field) at the 2007 All-Africa Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2011 All-Africa Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2015 African Games
Urhobo people
Athletes (track and field) at the 2019 African Games
Olympic silver medalists for Nigeria
Commonwealth Games gold medallists in athletics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Doping cases in athletics
Nigerian sportspeople in doping cases
Sampo Ala (born 18 January 2002) is a Finnish professional footballer who plays as a forward for Ykkönen club Rovaniemen Palloseura.
Club career
A youth academy product of RoPS, Ala made their senior debut on 10 March 2018 in a 2–0 defeat against KuPS. They made their Veikkausliiga debut on 3 April 2019 in a 2–2 draw against KuPS and scored an injury time equaliser.
International career
Ala is a Finnish youth international.
Career statistics
Club
References
External links
2002 births
Living people
Association football forwards
Finnish footballers
Veikkausliiga players
Rovaniemen Palloseura players
This was the first edition of the Seoul Open.
Jim Grabb won the tournament, beating Andre Agassi in the final, 1–6, 6–4, 6–2.
Seeds
Ramesh Krishnan (first round)
Jim Grabb (champion)
Jaime Yzaga (second round)
Richard Matuszewski (first round)
Jean-Philippe Fleurian (semifinals)
Ben Testerman (semifinals)
Michiel Schapers (quarterfinals)
Andre Agassi (final)
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
External links
Main draw
Seoul Open
1987 Grand Prix (tennis)
1987 Seoul Open
Henry Coyle (died 29 May 1979) was a National Army officer and later a Cumann na nGaedheal politician.
They were elected at the 1923 general election to the 4th Dáil as Teachta Dála (TD) for Mayo North. In 1924, Coyle was sentenced to three years' imprisonment for bouncing cheques. Because their sentence was for more than six months, they were disqualified from the Oireachtas from 9 May 1924 under Section 51 of the Electoral Act 1923. The by-election caused by their disqualification was won by John Madden of Sinn Féin.
Coyle remains the only TD to have been disqualified in this way.
See also
List of members of the Oireachtas imprisoned since 1923
References
Year of birth missing
1979 deaths
Cumann na nGaedheal TDs
Members of the 4th Dáil
Politicians from County Mayo
National Army (Ireland) officers
Irish politicians convicted of crimes
The Venezuela women's national baseball team is a national team of Venezuela and is controlled by the Federación Venezolana de Béisbol. It represents the nation in women's international competition. The team is a member of the COPABE. They are currently ranked fifth (5th) in the world.
Women's Baseball World Cup
Pan American Games
2015 Pan American Games : Third place (3rd)
Rosters
2015 Pan American Games
References
Women's national baseball teams
Baseball
Allegra Sarah Bazzett McEvedy MBE (born November 1970) is an English chef, broadcaster and writer.
Early life
McEvedy was born and raised in Hammersmith. They visited Turkey a number of times during their childhood. They said visiting the ancient ruins and the dramatic Turkish coastline had a huge impact on their life, but what captivated them most was the food. McEvedy said when their parents suggested the children keep travel diaries, they began a lifelong fascination with collecting recipes: "My sister would faithfully reproduce the Hagia Sophia in Istanbul". Interviewed by The New York Times, they said, "Mine was all about what we'd had for breakfast and the great ice cream we had in Florence that afternoon." Them father Colin McEvedy was a consultant psychiatrist, historian and writer; their mother was a writer. They were privately educated at St Paul's Girls' School, attending the school at the same time as Daisy Garnett, later food columnist of The Observer.
Career
McEvedy completed their classical French training in 1991 at the Cordon Bleu in London. They also obtained the Higher Certificate from the Wine & Spirit Education Trust.
They later worked at the Tabernacle in Notting Hill, Green's, The Belvedere in Holland Park, Alfred's, the Groucho Club and The River Café. They got their first Head Chef position at Tom Conran's restaurant The Cow, in Notting Hill, at the age of 24.
During a spell in the United States, facilitated by being awarded a special visa as 'an alien with extraordinary ability in the culinary arts', McEvedy worked at Rubicon and Jardinière in San Francisco, and ran the kitchen at Robert De Niro's New York City restaurant Tribeca Grill, regularly doing 500 covers a night. Whilst in New York they catered for an exclusive Democratic Party fundraiser, personally cooking for President Clinton. However, they became disillusioned with cooking "posh food for rich people", and put into action a plan to specialise in affordable dining when they returned to the UK.
Upon returning to London, McEvedy joined The Good Cook group, initially as Head Chef of The Tabernacle, a community restaurant in Notting Hill, and later than Head Chef of The Good Cook in Kensington High Street. In summer 2000 they set up the first outdoor café in the Zaha Hadid Pavilion at the Serpentine Gallery. Between 2002 and 2004, they were the inaugural Chef in Residence at the Institute of Contemporary Arts. McEvedy opened Blackfoot, a pork-focused restaurant in Exmouth Market, London, in December 2013; it remained open until February 2016.
Leon
McEvedy co-founded Leon, a healthy fast-food restaurant group, with Henry Dimbleby and John Vincent. Leon opened its first outlet in Carnaby Street in 2004. Six months after opening, Leon was named the "Best New Restaurant in Great Britain" at the Observer Food Monthly Awards. In March 2009 McEvedy gave up their role at Leon to focus on writing and television work, but they remain a shareholder in the business.
Writing, TV and radio
McEvedy published their first book, The Good Cook (Hodder) in 2000, and in October 2006 published their second, Allegra McEvedy's Colour Cookbook (Kyle Cathie). It won the International Association of Culinary Professionals 2007 Cookbook award in the Chefs and Restaurants category. In October 2008 their third book, Leon: Ingredients & Recipes (Conran Octopus); Giles Coren of The Times said it was "Without doubt, the coolest food book I have ever seen."
McEvedy was the Chef in Residence at The Guardian starting 2007. However, their last article there was printed in February 2015.
They were the chef in the 2008 BBC television series The Supersizers Go... with Giles Coren and Sue Perkins recreating historical British dishes such as Eel pie, Paraffin Cake and Tansy.
A six-part BBC Two series, Economy Gastronomy, presented by McEvedy and Paul Merrett, began in August 2009 and was accompanied by a book of the same title.
In 2015, they replaced Mary Berry as one of the two judges in the BBC TV series Junior Bake Off. They also judged the 2016 Junior Bake Off alongside Nadiya Hussain. In 2016, they were one of the judges of BBC Radio 4 Food and Farming Awards, judging the Cook of the Year award.
In 2018, they hosted the CBBC series Step Up to the Plate with Fred Sirieix, in which they tested eight young people in each episode to see if they have the skills to run their own restaurant.
Personal life
In August 2006, they formed a civil partnership with Susi Smither. The couple dissolved their civil partnership in 2012. They were engaged to Jack Monroe but the relationship ended in 2015, before they married.
They were appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2008 Birthday Honours for services to the hospitality industry.
McEvedy's mother died when they were aged 17. As a consequence of this, and the stress arising from coming out as gay, they found adjusting to adult life difficult and was expelled from school, though they nevertheless took and passed them A-levels.
Charity work
Allegra McEvedy has been a Patron of The Fairtrade Foundation since 2012.
Bibliography
The Good Cook (2000)
Allegra's Colour Cookbook (2006)
Colouring the Seasons: A Cook's Guide, co-authored with Fred Dickieson (2007)
Leon: Ingredients & Recipes (2008)
Economy Gastronomy: Eat Better and Spend Less, co-authored with Paul Merrett (2009)
Turkish delights with Allegra McEvedy (2012)
Bought, Borrowed & Stolen: Recipes and Knives from a Travelling Chef
Big Table, Busy Kitchen: 200 Recipes for Life (2013)
Around the World in 120 Recipes (2013)
Quick, Quick, Slow (2016)
References
External links
Official website
1970 births
Women chefs
British chefs
Living people
British television chefs
People from Hammersmith
Lesbian writers
English broadcasters
People educated at St Paul's Girls' School
LGBT people from England
English chefs
Members of the Order of the British Empire
21st-century LGBT people
LGBT chefs
British republicans
Peter Klug-Andersen is a Danish coxswain. They won a gold medal at the 1981 World Rowing Championships in Munich with the lightweight men's eight.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Danish male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Denmark
Coxswains (rowing)
Living people
The Yilan County Council (ILCC; ) is the elected county council of Yilan County, Taiwan. The council composes of 34 councilors elected in local elections held every four years.
History
After the handover of Taiwan from Japan to the Republic of China in 1945, county assembly was set up according to the Institute of Organization for City and County Councils in 1946. In April 1950, the Taiwan Provincial Government promulgated the Outline for Implementing Local Autonomy for Cities and Counties. The administrative regions were reconfigured in September and the Yilan County Council was founded on 24 February 1951.
Organization
Speaker
Deputy Speaker
Councilors
Agenda Department
Regular Meeting
Provisional Meeting
Procedural Committee
Disciplinary Committee
Bill Examination Committee
Administration Department
Chief Secretary
Secretary
Agenda Section
General Affairs Section
Statute Office
Accounting Office
Personnel Office
Transportation
The council building is accessible south of Yilan Station of Taiwan Railways.
See also
Yilan County Government
References
External links
1951 establishments in Taiwan
County councils of Taiwan
Organizations established in 1951
Yilan County, Taiwan
Hoseynabad (, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Estabraq Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 47, in 9 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Thornton is a small town in nestling on the banks of the Goulburn River in the state of Victoria, Australia. It is in the Shire of Murrindindi local government area. The town is approximately halfway between Alexandra and Eildon. The town had a population of 299 at the 2016 census.
History
The locality was named after a nearby pastoral run called Thornton Run that was established in 1840.
Thornton Post Office opened on 22 August 1914 and is still open and running from the local pub.
Services
The township has a Hotel and a caravan park in the centre of town. Petrol is available for purchase at the service station.
Sport
The Thornton-Eildon District Football & Netball Club play their home games on the Thornton recreation reserve. The club competes in the Outer East Football Netball League.
Tourism
To the south of Thornton is the Cathedral Ranges National Park where the visitor can participate in bushwalking or go rockclimbing.
References
Towns in Victoria (Australia)
Towns in Lower Hume
Shire of Murrindindi
Margrethe Aabel Munthe (27 May 1860 – 20 January 1931) was a Norwegian teacher, children's writer, songwriter and playwright.
Personal life
Margrethe Munthe was born in Elverum as the daughter of physician Christopher Pavels Munthe (1816–1884) and Christine Margrethe Pavels Aabel (1827–1887). They were a younger sister of historian and military officer Hartvig Andreas Munthe, painter Gerhard Munthe and older sister of officer Carl Oscar Munthe. They were also a niece of historian and cartographer Gerhard Munthe and an aunt of genealogist Christopher Morgenstierne Munthe, librarian Wilhelm Munthe and painter Lagertha Munthe. Through their mother they were a first cousin of Hauk Aabel, niece of Andreas Leigh Aabel and Oluf Andreas Aabel.
Career
Munthe attended Hartvig Nissen's school for girls in Christiania (Nissens Pigeskole), and graduated with a middle school exam () in 1879. They worked as a governess at their home place for one year, and was then running a private school in Langesund. They passed a higher degree for female teachers in 1883. They were appointed as a teacher at the Vaterland primary school in Kristiania from 1888 to 1893, and again from 1895. From 1902 to 1920 they worked at the Bolteløkka primary school.
They wrote a large number of song texts to folk melodies and psalm melodies, many of which are still popular today. Among their classical songs are "Hurra for deg som fyller ditt år!", "På låven sitter nissen" (), "Å jeg vet en seter", "Da klokken klang", "Nei, nei gutt", "Tulla" and "Jeg snører min sekk". They published the songbooks Kom, skal vi synge (three collections, from 1905 to 1918). They wrote the fairytale comedy Aase Fiskerjente, published as a book in 1912 with illustrations by Andreas Bloch. Among their other comedies for children are Askepot, Den nysgjerrige kone and Prinsessen og det halve rike.
Legacy
Singer Wenche Myhre, accompanied by Sigurd Jansen's orchestra, included several songs by Munthe on their album series Sanger fra dengang mor var liten (1967, 1976 and 1981), with songs such as "Å jeg strever så med mine små du" and "Kjære Gud, jeg har det godt". Åse Thoresen and Ingebrigt Davik issued two albums with their songs, Kom skal vi synge from 1972, and Kjære kom og dans med meg from 1974. During the 1960s and 1970s Munthe's children's songs were heavily criticized for being too moralizing, but from the 1990s they were again accepted, as relics from a strange and ancient world.
References
1860 births
1931 deaths
20th-century Norwegian poets
Norwegian songwriters
Norwegian children's writers
Norwegian dramatists and playwrights
People from Elverum
Norwegian women poets
Children's songwriters
20th-century Norwegian women writers
Tyler Josef Rasch (born May 6, 1988) is an American television personality who lives and performs in South Korea. They were a cast member in the talk-variety show Non-Summit, and a recurring cast member on the reality television-travel show Where Is My Friend's Home.  They are a cast member in the show Hot Brain: Problematic Men.
Personal
Early life, education, and work in the U.S.
Rasch was born and raised in the United States; their father was an Austrian immigrant.
They graduated from a college-preparatory high school, The Putney School in Putney, Vermont in 2006. The school sits on a 500-acre working dairy farm, with a student-led "work program" and the belief that "education is something to be actively pursued rather than passively received." They said of the farm there, "It promotes a work ethic in the Putney School which prepares its students for the real world."
Being the son of an immigrant and growing up in Vermont, near the Canada – US border, where a lot of people speak English and French, they were interested in other languages at a young age. They first learned French, then at college, traded out different languages every semester, adding Spanish, German, and Portuguese, and also studied Japanese. They felt that language is useful for learning about other cultures, and decided to focus on a language that would be very different than the U.S. culture. A close friend of theirs was studying Chinese, so they found a Korean book, and started to learn to write it, which they found easy, but speaking was more difficult. They had several aspirations for their future, from dreams of being a paleontologist to being a music conductor, and at college application time, had decided to go into the music field, with recordings and CDs prepared. Instead, after meeting a University of Chicago representative who visited their high school, with their long list of language studies and a variety of other things to choose from, they decided to broaden their interest of studies, feeling that music was too limited.
After commencing their university studies, they graduated with a B.S. in International Studies in 2010, while pursuing the goal of becoming a diplomat. While at college, they served in a number of training and intern positions. In 2009, they were a Litigation Intern at the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, and a Program Assistant, then a Program Coordinator at the US-Asia Institute. In 2010, they were an Intern at the United States Senate Committee on the Judiciary.
After graduating, they moved to the Washington metropolitan area where they were Special Assistant to the Ambassador of the Embassy of South Korea, Washington, D.C. from June 2010 to July 2011.
Korean education
In 2008, while still studying at the University of Chicago, in the U.S., they travelled to Seoul for three months to attend the co-ed Korean language studies at Ewha Womans University.
In 2011, Tyler was accepted into the Korean Government Scholarship Program and moved to Seoul. They studied Korean at the Seoul National University Korean Language Education Center, and in 2012, began pursuing their Master's degree in International Relations at Seoul National University (SNU).
Between July 2013 and July 2014, they helped start, and worked with other SNU foreign students, on a webzine about Seoul, "Seoulism", as they stated, "to be a means to gather foreigners and Koreans altogether so that we could become a community to initiate a forum of conversation."
From February to July 2014, they were an Intern at the private think tank, the Institute for Global Economics (IGE) at the World Trade Center Seoul.
In August 2016, Tyler graduated from Seoul National University with their Master's Degree.
Career
On July 7, 2014, they began starring in the new JTBC talk-variety show Non-Summit, which has a cast of young men from different countries, living in Seoul, who debate and discuss issues, in Korean, with perspectives they bring from their various cultures, from their native countries. Early promotions noted them as a detailed scholar who read the works of Mencius. They said that Non-Summit supported the government scholarship, including a year of language training, that they and their co-star Ghanaian Sam Okyere were part of, when they started on the show.
Due to the popularity of the show, they made a surprise appearance on "Arguments," another JTBC talk show about current affairs.
In February 2015, they became a recurring member of the cast of the Non-Summit spinoff reality-travel show Where Is My Friend's Home, starring for ten episodes, through April, 2015, for the first two trips to China and to Belgium. In August 2015 they starred in two episodes visiting South Korea's historical Buyeo County. In February 2016, Where Is My Friend's Home announced plans for a United States trip to visit their home in Vermont for a series of episodes.
On February 26, 2015, they became part of the cast of a new tvN talk-variety show, Hot Brain: Problematic Men, with six men "boasting a high IQ and unique way of thinking". The show is also referred to as "brain-sexy man" using a newly coined term that is becoming popular in Korea, and Rasch is called "an American student who speaks very fluent and high-standard Korean".
They write newspaper columns for JoongAng Ilbo, with topics like "study abroad", and guests on talk shows, including Arirang TV's News Tellers to discuss education, immigration, jobs, and current affairs issues.
According to their presentation on South Korean military TV published on January 16, 2017, they started working at an environmental solution start-up company in South Korea post their Master's degree from Seoul National University in 2016.
Celebrity and endorsements
 They are a model for Subway, Korean made Binggrae yogurt, Yopa, Yoplait yogurt, and the EDM Study Center.
On March 25, 2015, they attended a Korean traditional food tasting event hosted by the KTO and the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism, along with U.S. Ambassador Mark Lippert, on one of the Ambassador's first public appearances after recovering from a knife attack in early March.
In April 2015, they and Non-Summit cast member Ilya Belyakov attended a ceremony for the new "Koreans and Foreigners Together" program as Honorary Culture Sharing Ambassadors of the Korea Foundation.
On January 12, 2016, they and Non-Summit cast members Guillaume Patry, Alberto Mondi and Zhang Yuan, along with Psy and violinist Clara-Jumi Kang, received the Corea Image Communication Institute awards, for their work in bridging cultural understanding between Koreans and non-Koreans.
Filmography
Film
Television series
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
American television personalities
American expatriates in South Korea
People from Windham County, Vermont
American people of Austrian descent
American people of Portuguese descent
South Korean people of Austrian descent
South Korean people of Portuguese descent
University of Chicago alumni
The Putney School alumni
Broadcast, unknown-unicast and multicast traffic (BUM traffic) is network traffic transmitted using one of three methods of sending data link layer network traffic to a destination of which the sender does not know the network address. This is achieved by sending the network traffic to multiple destinations on an Ethernet network. As a concept related to computer networking, it includes three types of Ethernet modes: broadcast, unicast and multicast Ethernet. BUM traffic refers to that kind of network traffic that will be forwarded to multiple destinations or that cannot be addressed to the intended destination only.
Overview
Broadcast traffic is used to transmit a message to any reachable destination in the network without the need to know any information about the receiving party. When broadcast traffic is received by a network switch it is replicated to all ports within the respective VLAN except the one from which the traffic comes from.
Unknown-unicast traffic happens when a switch receives unicast traffic intended to be delivered to a destination that is not in its forwarding information base. In this case the switch marks the frame for flooding and sends it to all forwarding ports within the respective VLAN. Forwarding this type of traffic can create unnecessary traffic that leads to poor network performance or even a complete loss of network service. This flooding of packets is known as a unicast flooding.
Multicast traffic allows a host to contact a subset of hosts or devices joined into a group. This causes the message to be broadcast when no group management mechanism is present. Flooding BUM frames is required in transparent bridging and in a data center context this does not scale well causing poor performance.
BUM traffic control
Throttling
One issue that may arise is that some network devices cannot handle high rates of broadcast, unknown-unicast or multicast traffic. In such cases, it is possible to limit the BUM traffic for specific ports in order to have a control on the number of packets or bytes that are flooded on the VLAN to other devices. This threshold is represented in kilobits per second (kbps), and it can be set for broadcast rate, multicast rate and unknown unicast rate independently.
Network port security
In the case of unknown-unicast traffic, a security issue may arise. To prevent flooding unknown-unicast traffic across the switch, it is possible to configure the network equipment to divert unknown-unicast traffic to specific trunk interfaces in order to split broadcast coming from different VLANs or to use specific trunk interfaces for multiple VLANs.
BUM handling in VXLAN
The use of VXLAN as overlay technology allows providing data link layer connectivity services between endpoints that may be deployed across network layer network domains. Since those endpoints are logically part of the same data link layer domain, they must be capable of sending and receiving data link layer multi-destination frames (BUM traffic). BUM traffic can be exchanged across network layer network boundaries by encapsulating it into VXLAN packets addressed to a multicast group, so to leverage the network for traffic replication services.
In Data Plane Learning the broadcast traffic is flooded to multicast group members. In Control Plane Learning addresses are collected and forwarded via BGP. Broadcast traffic is reduced and VXLAN tunnel endpoints (VTEPs) reply to the caller directly.
VXLAN can handle BUM in two ways: Multicast and Head End Replication.
Multicast is the most common and each VXLAN network identifier (VNI) is mapped to a single multicast group, while each multicast group may map to one or more VNIs. When VTEP comes alive it uses the protocol Internet Group Management Protocol (IGMP) to join the multicast groups for the VNIs it uses. When VTEP has to send BUM traffic it will send it only to the relevant multicast group. This is a method for VTEP discovery.
Head End Replication is only available if using BGP EVPN. It is less efficient than multicast and does not scale well but it is simpler to implement if you do not have a multicast-enabled infrastructure. In Host End Replication, when BUM arrives, the VTEP creates several unicast packets and sends one to each VTEP that supports the VNI.
BUM handling in EVPN
Ethernet VPN (EVPN) and Provider Backbone Bridging EVPN (PBB-EVPN) are next generation solutions that provide Ethernet multipoint services over MPLS networks. In EVPN operations, the Provider Edge (PE) routers automatically discover each other when connected on the same ethernet segment and select a Designated Forwarder (DF) responsible for forwarding BUM traffic.
In a VXLAN-EVPN, MAC learning occurs via the control plane instead of data plane. Furthermore, it is accepted only traffic from VTEPs whose information is learnt via the control plane, otherwise it is dropped. This presents a secure fabric where traffic will only be forwarded between VTEPs validated by the control plane.
See also
Transparent bridging
References
Computer networking
Ethernet
Network topology
The Shadow Cabinet of Christopher Luxon has formed the official Opposition in the 53rd New Zealand Parliament since December 2021, replacing the Shadow Cabinet of Judith Collins. Christopher Luxon was appointed Leader of the National Party and Leader of the Opposition in a party leadership election on 30 November 2021.
Origins
On 24 November 2021, National Party leader Judith Collins demoted National MP and former leader Simon Bridges over historical allegations of "serious misconduct" involving fellow MP Jacqui Dean. In response to Collins' demotion of Bridges, the National Party's parliamentary caucus passed a vote of no confidence in their leadership on 25 November. Deputy leader Shane Reti assumed the role of interim leader until a leadership vote was held on 30 November.
Bridges and Christopher Luxon announced they were running for the leadership while Nicola Willis announced they were running for the deputy leadership. Prior to the leadership vote on 30 November, Bridges withdrew from the race and endorsed Luxon. As a result, Luxon and Willis were elected as leader and deputy leader.
Formation
In their first post-leadership election press conference on 30 November 2021, Luxon did not release many details on portfolio allocations that would be given out in the first iteration of their shadow cabinet, but it was confirmed that Wellington Central-based List MP Nicola Willis would be Deputy Leader of the Opposition and that they would most likely retain the Housing spokesperson portfolio.
The following day the Otago Daily Times reported that Michael Woodhouse, who shared the Finance portfolio with Andrew Bayly, was likely to not retain the role in Luxon's shadow cabinet. Luxon announced on 2 December 2021 that Bridges would be the finance and infrastructure spokesperson, ranked third in the shadow cabinet. Luxon announced the remaining portfolio allocations on 6 December. Only the first 20 were given numerical rankings, with the rest being listed by seniority. On 7 December, the caucus elected Chris Penk as senior whip and re-elected Maureen Pugh as junior whip.
List of spokespersons
Subsequent changes
Luxon carried out their first shadow cabinet reshuffle on 16 March 2022 to account for the resignation of Finance and Infrastructure spokesperson Simon Bridges, who was ranked third in the line up. Bridge's Finance portfolio was given to Deputy Leader Nicola Willis while Infrastructure was given to Chris Bishop, who also moved up in the rankings from fourth to third, while replacing Willis in the Housing portfolio. Dr Shane Reti moved up from fifth to fourth in the rankings, with Justice spokesperson Paul Goldsmith moving up from 12th to replace Reti in fifth.
Policies
Conversion therapy
In early February 2022, Luxon announced that National MPs would be allowed a conscience vote on the Labour Government's Conversion Practices Prohibition Legislation Bill; abandoning Collins' opposition to the legislation. The Conversion Practices Prohibition Bill passed its third and final reading on 15 February 2022; with 25 National MPs including Luxon voting in favour of the legislation and eight voting against it.
Justice
In mid–June 2022, Luxon announced that the National Party if elected into government would introduce several anti-gang legislation banning gang insignia in public spaces and social media platforms such as Instagram and TikTok, and giving the Police special powers to disperse gang gatherings, and preventing certain gang members from associating with each other or obtaining firearms. The National Party had unveiled its anti-gang policies at its Northern Regional Conference in response to heightened gang activity and conflict that year.
In response, Waikato Mongrel Mob leader Sonny Fatupaito claimed that National's proposed policies would discriminate against Māori and Pasifika while criminologist Dr. Jarrod Gilbert suggested focusing on the gang's criminal activities. Despite supporting National's anti-gang policies, the ACT Party's firearms law reform and justice spokesperson Nicole McKee expressed concern that legitimate firearms owners could be affected by some of the legislation. Former National Party MP, cabinet minister, and police officer Chester Borrows questioned the effectiveness of their party's proposed anti-gang policies, citing the failure of previous anti-gang insignia legislation in Whanganui.
Social development
On 7 July 2022, Luxon outlined the National Party's policies to combat youth unemployment during the party's annual conference in Christchurch. One key policy is redirecting funding from the Ministry of Social Development to supporting job coaches for young people under the age of 25 years who have been on the Jobseeker benefit for three months. Welfare beneficiaries who find a job and stay off the benefit for the next 12 consecutive months will receive NZ$1,000 for staying in the workforce. However, beneficiaries who do not follow their agreed plan will face "sanctions." Luxon claimed that the incumbent Labour Government's policies had caused the number of under 25s on welfare to increase by 34,000 (roughly 40%).
References
Luxon, Christopher
Luxon, Christopher
2021 establishments in New Zealand
Keli () is a 1991 Malayalam romantic drama film written by John Paul and directed by Bharathan. Starring Jayaram, Charmila, Innocent, Murali and Nedumudi Venu in pivotal roles, the film had songs composed by Bharathan himself. The location of this film is Shoranur.
Plot
The film revolves around a handicapped young man Narayanankutty(Jayaram )who owns a stationery shop . They fall in love with a school teacher Sridevi (Charmila) . The film takes a turn when Hema, another teacher at the same school, is murdered. Narayanankutty is falsely accused in relation with the case, being trapped by Lazer (Innocent), a corrupt business person and politician.
Cast
Jayaram as Narayanankutty
Charmila as Sridevi
Innocent as Lazer Muthalali
Nedumudi Venu as "Romance" Kumaran
Murali as Appootty
K. P. A. C. Lalitha as Seemanthini
Sukumari as Muthassi
Balan K. Nair as Ramankutty Nair
Unnimary as Mrs. Menon
Syama as Hema
Adoor Bhawani as Paruvamma
Aboobacker as Chettiyar
Mala Aravindan as Commentator
Soundtrack
The music was composed by Bharathan and the lyrics were written by Kaithapram.
The song "Thaaram Valkkannadi Nokki" is composed in Bharathan's favourite Carnatic raga, Hindolam. The song won K. S. Chithra the best female singer in that year's Kerala State Film Awards.
References
External links
Keli at the Malayalam Movie Database
1991 films
1990s Malayalam-language films
Films scored by Bharathan
Films directed by Bharathan
1991 drama films
Sapë (, ) was a medieval fortress, located near the village of Nënshat, in the municipality of Vau i Dejës (belonging to Shkodër County, in modern Albania). It is attested since the 13th century, situated in the historical region of Zadrima. In 1291, dowager-queen Jelena of Serbia (d. 1314), while governing the region, petitioned pope Nicholas IV (1288-1292) and secured creation of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Sapë, under jurisdiction of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Bar. By the end of the 15th century, the region was conquered by the Ottoman Empire, and Sapë went into decline, and consequently into ruin. Today, only modest remains of the old fortress are preserved.
References
Sources
Forts in Albania
"America" is a song by Prince and The Revolution. It was the final US single from the group's 1985 album, Around the World in a Day.
Background
"America" is a sardonic attack on the mid-1980s United States, referencing Communism, and worrying about nuclear war, a common theme in Prince's lyrics in the 1980s.
The song begins with the sound of a record starting and stopping, as if being cued by a DJ. This leads into a guitar solo and a rising synthesized flute line. The main tune is standard rock and roll and fades out at 3:40. The 12-inch single extended version is notable for being over 21 minutes long and including various instrumental solos. The song fades just before the audio tape ran out, as Prince and the Revolution had jammed the song out until there was no more room on the tape. The video for this song, a 10-minute live version, was shot on October 27, 1985 during a "One Off" performance in Nice, France at Théâtre de Verdure and shown on MTV during an entire segment dedicated to the single. This would be the first televised interview that Prince gave since 1980 on American Bandstand. The segment included a live rendition of "America" and a one-on-one interview with fans surrounding Prince.
Cash Box said that the song is an "out and out jam" that "starts out with a deceptive and funny turntable-fooling intro and works into a sly comment on the American way using a traditional American melody." Billboard called it "jagged socio-funk that tips its hat to Hendrix."
The B-side of the track is "Girl", a light pop number that speaks of Prince's lust for a woman. Featuring a minimal drum loop and sparse synthesizer lines, Prince's lust is in such force that they declare, "All I have to do is think about you, and I can have an orgasm," as they invite them to both feel how sweaty their hands have gotten from their meeting, and let them be "the water in your bath". The full-length version from the 12-inch single features backmasking of Vanity reciting the lyrics with the word "boy" replacing the word "girl".
Charts
References
Prince (musician) songs
Songs written by Prince (musician)
1985 singles
Paisley Park Records singles
Warner Records singles
Song recordings produced by Prince (musician)
Songs about the United States
1985 songs
Political songs
The Ministry of Justice of the Republic of Latvia, established in 1918, is the leading state governing body in the field of justice and is the supreme authority for subordinate public administration institutions.
At the political level, it is run by the Minister of Justice, supported by the Secretary of State. The main tasks of the State Secretary are the organization of the development of sectoral policies and strategies, the implementation of sectoral policies, the management of the institution's administrative work and the organization of the implementation of ministry functions.
List of Ministers
Republic of Latvia (1918-1940)
Soviet Socialist Republic of Latvia (1940-1990)
Republic of Latvia (1990-present day)
See also
Justice ministry
Latvijas Republikas Tieslietu ministrija (Ministry of Justice of Latvia)
Latvijas Republikas tieslietu ministru uzskaitījums (List of Justice Ministers of the Republic of Latvia)
Politics of Latvia
Justice ministries
Government of Latvia
Ministers of Justice of Latvia
Carrouges () is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France.
The inhabitants are known as Carrougiens and Carrougiennes. The town is home to a castle (Château de Carrouges), built in the 14th century by Jean de Carrouges and restored after the Hundred Years War.
History
In the Middle Ages, Carrouges was part of the deanery of Asnebec. In 1490, under King Charles VIII, Jean de Blosset, Lord of Carrouges and grand marshal of Normandy, founded on their land, with its castle, a college (dedicated to Our Lady of Good Comfort) six canons payments the appointment of the lord who was also the collateur profits. These payments were estimated in 1698 to 200 pounds in Memory of the General Alençon by the intendant, M. de Pommereuil. It is also stated in 1698, that a court called "breadbasket tax" (related to gabelle paid on the salt) was located in Carrouges.
During the French Revolution of 1789, the town was called "Carrouges-la-Montagne". In August 1944, occupied by German forces, the city was liberated by the troops of the 3rd U.S. armored division, following the deeds of Mayor Geslain, who after being released from the German soldiers who had arrested him, indicated the positions of the Germans to the Americans.
Notable people
Philippe Tranchant (born 1956), retired professional footballer
See also
Communes of the Orne department
Parc naturel régional Normandie-Maine
References
Communes of Orne
Events in the year 1916 in Bulgaria.
Incumbents
Events
5 – 7 September – The Battle of Bazargic, also known as the Battle of Dobrich or the Dobrich epopee, took place.
References
1910s in Bulgaria
Years of the 20th century in Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Bulgaria
The Australian Film Festival is an annual film festival held in the Australian city of Sydney. The festival showcases the films of Australian talent working in a variety of mediums, including; feature films, short films, television and online web content. In addition to showcasing Australian film, the festival promotes the growth and recognition of Australian cinema through industry led workshops and discussion forums. It is well known for hosting the Australian Film Walk of Fame, which has honoured recipients such as Claudia Karvan, Jack Thompson, Gary Sweet, Roy Billing, Steve Bisley and Michael Caton.
History
Established by current festival director Barry Watterson, The Australian Film Festival evolved from the 2009 Australian Film Week, a week-long showcase of classic Australian films held at the Randwick Ritz cinema during Sydney's Coogee Arts Fest. The expansion saw the festival become Australia's most comprehensive presentation of Australian film, with founding director Barry Watterson citing the purpose of the festival being "The long term development of Australian film content in a rapidly changing environment and the building of audiences for Australian film."
2010: 24 February – 7 March
The Australian Film Festival premiered on 24 February 2010 at Randwick Ritz cinema. In collaboration with Popcorn Taxi, the festival's opening night reunited the original cast and crew of Mad Max for a screening of the Australian cult film, followed be a Q&A with actors including Steve Bisley and Hugh Keays-Byrne. The festival ran for 11 days, and screened 21 feature films, short films and documentaries, including; Happy Feet, The Dinner Party and Bad Boy Bubby.
The inaugural Australian Film Festival concluded on 7 March with the Australian Short Film Competition, coinciding with The Spot Food and Film Festival at Randwick.
2011: 2–12 March
In its second year, the Australian Film Festival opened on 2 March with Australian production The Wedding Party, alongside a showcase of Sydney premieres that included The Reef, Griff the Invisible and A Heartbeat Away. Included in the Australian Film Festival Program was a free session of Finding Nemo, which screened outdoors at Clovelly Beach Cinema By the Sea.
Following on from the retrospective session of Mad Max in 2010, Popcorn Taxi returned again with a screening of The Sum of Us. Lead actor Jack Thompson was in attendance for the film and the Q&A session which followed.
The second AFF closed on 12 March with The Spot Food and Film Festival and the Australian Short Film Competition, which was judged by Australian filmmakers and actors, including David Field.
Festival Events
Australian Short Film competition
The Australian Short Film Competition is traditionally held on the last day of the AFF, and is one of the Festival's competitive elements. In 2011, notable short films screened during the competition included The Telegram Man and the 2011 Academy Award Winning Best Animated Short, The Lost Thing.
In 2010, My Uncle Bluey won the Australian Short Film Competition. In 2011, the competition was won by Ariel Klieman's film Deeper Than Yesterday.
FutureFilm Screenplay competition
The Future Film Scriptwriting Competition, in association with Networking Action For Filmmakers And Actors, provides writers with the opportunity to have their short scripts acted on stage through a moved reading. In 2011, judges included Liz Doran and Ross Grayson Bell. The winner of the competition is awarded a $1000 cash prize.
Workshops
The Australian Film Festival presents multiple workshops, seminars and scriptwriting competitions throughout their season, encouraging the growth and discussion of Australian cinema. Past workshops have included discussions with filmmakers, practical filmmaking courses and scriptwriting tutorials. In 2011, filmmakers such as Louise Alston, Gale Edwards and Andrew Traucki all led one of the AFF's workshops.
The Australian Film Walk of Fame
The Australian Film Walk of Fame began in 2008 at the Randwick Ritz as an initiative to honor Australian film celebrities. Recipients inducted to the Walk of Frame prior to the inception of the Australian Film Festival have included Michael Caton, Roy Billing and Charles Tingwell.
On 7 March 2010, with the support of Randwick City Council and the Ritz Cinema, the Australian Film Festival inducted Steve Bisley and Claudia Karvan to the Australian Film Walk of Fame.
In 2011, Gary Sweet and Jack Thompson were both initiated to the Australian Film Walk of Fame on 13 March, the closing night of the second Australian Film Festival.
Festival Directors
Barry Watterson (2010 – Present)
References
External links
Australian Film Festival Official Website
Film festivals in Sydney
Guy Bolagh (, also Romanized as Gūy Bolāgh) is a village in Akhtarabad Rural District, in the Central District of Malard County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 147, in 28 families.
References
Populated places in Malard County
Mitja Okorn (born 26 January 1981) is a Slovenian film director and screenwriter. Most known as director of Letters to Santa, Planet Single and their Hollywood debut Life in a Year.
Early life
They were born on 26 January 1981 in Kranj. They graduated from at high school of economics and studied at School of Economics and Business in University of Ljubljana, then they quit the college in the third year. They never studied at Academy of Theatre, Radio, Film and Television (AGRFT) in Ljubljana, the main Slovenian film school institution, as they accused them of stagnating for decades.  They are also very critical to Slovenian culture and film industry being total amateurs for ignoring them and not investing any money in their film projects.
Career
2005: First feature film
In 2000 they started their career with two short documentaries Not sponsored 1 and Not sponsored 2; and awarded for short film Be Flexible at Motovun Film Festival in 2002. Their career started to bloom in 2005 when they directed their first feature film Tu pa tam (Here and There) which premiered at their 24th birthday, a Slovenian film shown also at Sunderland Film Festival. This opened them doors to shoot numerous adds and music videos for Slovenian artists such as Dan D, Omar Naber, Alya, Elvis Jackson, Select, C.R.A.S.H, Kocka and Jah Waggie.
2007–2016: Huge success in Poland
In 2007 they were one of ten nominated for IYSEY award for most promising Young Film Entrepreneur, which is awarded by British Council. After that they spent two weeks in Wales and London where they presented themselves to expert jury, where they met Duncan Kenworthy who described them as a young director with full of energy and bright future. In fall they were invited by TVN, Polish commercial television to direct and co-write first season of Polish tv series 39 i pół (2008–09), which was a huge success in Poland with excellent ratings. After that they directed numerous commercials in Poland.
In 2011 they directed their first international feature film, romantic comedy Letters to Santa (Listy do M.) distributed by ITI Cinema, huge success in Poland with box office over $12 million. It was the most watched movie in Poland that year with over 850,000 viewers and total of over 2 millions. With 130 days, it is the second longest screening film in Polish cinema history, only after Titanic. Broadcasting rights were sold to various TV stations in Poland, the Czech Republic, Latvia and Slovenia.
In 2016 they directed their second Polish feature film, romantic comedy Planet Single (Planeta Singli) distributed by Kino Świat, was a commercial success back home and thanks to the roots of director, also in Slovenia. Number of tickets sold between first and second weekend of broadcasting in Poland increased for 156%, the most after 1989. Film was nominated for Golden Lion Award in the main category at 41st Film Festival in Gdynia.
2017–2020: Debut in Hollywood
In 2017 they completed their Hollywood debut Life in a Year, an American romantic drama film, starring Jaden Smith, Cara Delevingne and Cuba Gooding Jr., which was produced by Overbrook Entertainment, co-owned by Will Smith and distributed by Columbia Pictures. It was released three years later due to some issues between production company and distributor. They became the first ever Slovenian director in Hollywood and one of few Slovenians in the heart of film industry.
Filmography
Feature films
Television
References
External links
1981 births
Living people
Slovenian film directors
Film people from Kranj
Henry James Evans (7 November 1912 – 9 November 1990) was the leading exploration geologist and discoverer of the immense bauxite deposits near Weipa, on the west coast of Cape York Peninsula in northern Queensland, Australia.
Evans was born on 7 November 1912, in Greymouth, a mining centre on the west coast of the South Island of New Zealand. After graduating from high school they studied geology at the Reefton School of Mines. After working evaluating gold dredging areas on the west coast and later for a tin mining company, they joined New Zealand Petroleum as senior geologist in 1938 and spent six years with them before spending most of 1945 assessing the resources of the Greymouth Coal Basin with the New Zealand Geological Survey.
In 1946 they moved to Australia joining the Zinc Corporation (now Rio Tinto) and worked for them looking for oil, gas in Australia, uranium at Rum Jungle, and for potash in the United Kingdom.
In 1955, they were asked to lead a group of American oil explorers to Cape York Peninsula, Sir Maurice Mawby suggested they should also search other minerals such as phosphate or bauxite. Prospects for oil seemed poor, but Evans did collect some samples of the reddish-brown pebbles on their way to the Weipa Mission Station, suspecting they might be contained bauxite. While at Weipa they could see the red cliffs at Hey Point across the Emberly River, but had no boat to reach them.
The samples they had collected proved to be bauxite, creating great interest. Evans returned to Weipa in October, with a dinghy and outboard motor.
They examined 84 km of the coastline to the south of Weipa, noting the huge extent of the bauxite deposits. Evans was unaware at the time that the striking red cliffs along the coast had been remarked on much earlier when the Dutch ship Duyfken under Willem Janszoon charted the shores of the Gulf of Carpentaria, making landfall at the Pennefather River in the Gulf of Carpentaria (the first authenticated European discovery of Australia), and again, in 1802, by Matthew Flinders.
Evans' report led to the formation of the Commonwealth Aluminium Corporation of Australia (Comalco) in December 1956, and the later development of bauxite mining at Weipa, Comalco's alumina refining and aluminium smelting at Gladstone in Queensland, and at Bell Bay in Tasmania and Bluff in New Zealand.
Sadly, the development of bauxite mining near Weipa along the coast of the Gulf of Carpentaria, led to massive dispossession of land, dislocation and great suffering by the Aboriginal inhabitants of the region. The "Comalco Act of 1957" revoked the reserve status, giving the company 5,760 square km (2,270 sq mi) of Aboriginal reserve land on the west coast of the Peninsula and 5,135 square km (1,933 sq mi) on the east coast of Aboriginal-owned (though not reserve) land. Mining commenced in 1960. The mission became a government settlement in 1966 with continued attempts by Comalco to relocate the whole community elsewhere. The company then built a new town for its workers on the other side of the bay.
Evans was seconded to Comalco and was put in charge of exploration work at Weipa. After more work in other parts of Australia, they discovered another important bauxite deposit in the Paragominas region of Brazil. They later returned to Australia and was a director of Consolidated Zinc and Australian Mining and Smelting for some time.
Evans was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 1965 Queen's Birthday Honours, for their persistence and skill in exploration. They retired in 1974, but, in 1988 they were awarded the President's Medal from the Australasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy, for their contribution to early oil and gas exploration in Australia, and for their recognition of the significance of the Weipa bauxite deposits.
Evans died in Melbourne on 9 November 1990, aged 78.
Notes
References
"Henry James Evans (1912–1990)" by Gilbert M.Ralph. Accessed 27 May 2009.
Notable Australians – The Pictorial Who's Who. Paul Hamlyn, Sydney. 1978. .
"Evans, Henry James (Harry) (1912–1990)" in the Australian Dictionary of Biography, Online Edition. . Accessed 27 May 2009.
Mountains of Ore. H. G. Raggatt, Lansdowne Press, Melbourne, 1965.
1912 births
1990 deaths
20th-century New Zealand geologists
20th-century Australian geologists
People from Greymouth
New Zealand emigrants to Australia
Australian Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Baskama is the place where Jonathan, Hasmonean leader of the Jewish people in the second century BC, was murdered by Diodotus Tryphon according to .
The New American Bible Revised Edition suggests that it may lie northeast of the Sea of Galilee. Jewish historian Uriel Rappaport says that it was "probably in the Golan" i.e. the Golan region, "but identification is uncertain". A note in the Encyclopedia of the Bible states that "it is referred to as Basca by Josephus in their Antiquities, xiii. 6. 6. It is possibly to be identified with modern el-Jummeizeh, NE of the Sea of Galilee".
References
Biblical places
The 2006–07 Montenegrin First League season was the inaugural season of the league as Montenegro's top-tier football competition. Although the league existed before, it was previously a second-tier league, underneath the Serbo-Montenegrin First League. Upon the independence of Montenegro, and the establishment of a Montenegrin Football Association, the league became disassociated with the Serbo-Montenegrin league and thus was given its present position.
The league played its first games of the season on 12 August 2006 and its final matches were played on 26 May 2007. On 26 May, after their final match, FK Zeta were confirmed as the league's first ever champions under the new FA, and thus qualified as the country's first ever UEFA Champions League competitor.
Teams
In order of their 2005-06 league table position, the inaugural members are:
From the former First League of Serbia and Montenegro
FK Zeta
FK Budućnost Podgorica
FK Jedinstvo
From the second-tier Montenegrin First League
FK Rudar Pljevlja
FK Sutjeska
FK Kom
FK Grbalj
FK Mogren
OFK Petrovac
FK Dečić
Promoted from the Montenegrin Second League
FK Berane
FK Mladost (Podgorica)
Stadia and locations
League table
Results
The schedule consists of three rounds. During the first two rounds, each team played each other once home and away for a total of 22 matches. The pairings of the third round will then be set according to the standings after the first two rounds, giving every team a third game against each opponent for a total of 33 games per team.
First and second round
Third round
Key numbers for pairing determination (number marks position after 22 games):
Relegation play-offs
The 10th placed team (against the 3rd placed team of the Second League) and the 11th placed team (against the 2nd placed team of the Second League) will both compete in two-legged relegation play-offs after the end of the season.
Summary
Matches
Jedinstvo won 5–1 on aggregate.
Dečić won 3–2 on aggregate.
Top scorers
References
External links
Season on soccerway.com
Montenegrin First League seasons
Monte
1
Bongumusa Sibonelo Makhanya (born 7 March 1996) is a South African first-class cricketer. They were part of South Africa U19 team for the 2014 ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup. They were included in the KwaZulu-Natal cricket team squad for the 2015 Africa T20 Cup. In August 2017, they were named in Nelson Mandela Bay Stars' squad for the first season of the T20 Global League. However, in October 2017, Cricket South Africa initially postponed the tournament until November 2018, with it being cancelled soon after.
In October 2018, Makhanya was named in Cape Town Blitz's squad for the first edition of the Mzansi Super League T20 tournament. In September 2019, they were named in the squad for the Paarl Rocks team for the 2019 Mzansi Super League tournament. In April 2021, they were named in Northerns' squad, ahead of the 2021–22 cricket season in South Africa.
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
South African cricketers
Dolphins cricketers
KwaZulu-Natal cricketers
Cricketers from Durban
Cape Town Blitz cricketers
Paarl Rocks cricketers
Gwyn Thomas may refer to:
Gwyn Thomas (sportsman) (1891–1932), Welsh cricketer for Glamorgan CCC, and rugby union footballer for Neath RFC
Gwyn Thomas (rugby), rugby union and rugby league footballer of the 1910s, and 1920s
Gwyn Thomas (novelist) (1913–1981), prose writer
Gwyn Thomas (poet) (1936–2016), National Poet for Wales 2006
Gwyn Thomas (tennis), American tennis player (female)
Gwyn Thomas (reporter) (1913–2010), crime reporter
Gwyn Thomas (footballer) (born 1957), retired Welsh footballer
Workitu Ayanu Gurmu (born 19 April 1987, in Addis Ababa) is an Ethiopian runner who specializes in the 5000 metres.
Workitu started their career in the junior races at the IAAF World Cross Country Championships, finishing fourth in the junior women's race in 2004 and finishing sixth at both the 2005 and 2006 editions. They began running in road races in 2008 and they won the Egmond Half Marathon in 2009; their time of 1:16:33 was enough to beat Hilda Kibet to the finish line. They competed in the IAAF World Half Marathon Championships for the first time in 2009, and finished in 14th place overall. They ran a marathon personal best of 2:29:25 at the 2010 Paris Marathon, finishing in fifth place.
As the 2010 edition had been cancelled, they attempted to defend their title at the 2011 Egmond Half Marathon. They came close to repeating the feat but ended up in second place, three seconds behind fellow Ethiopian Abebech Afework. They were close to their best at the 2011 Rome City Marathon, recording a time of 2:29:37, which brought their sixth position overall.
Achievements
Personal bests
1500 metres - 4:19.03 min (2005)
3000 metres - 8:48.65 min (2006)
5000 metres - 14:50.15 min (2007)
10,000 metres - 31:59.94 min (2005)
Half marathon - 1:10:13 hrs (2010)
Marathon - 2:29:25 hrs (2010)
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
Ethiopian female long-distance runners
Ethiopian female marathon runners
Athletes from Addis Ababa
Athletes (track and field) at the 2007 All-Africa Games
African Games competitors for Ethiopia
Mohammadabad (, also Romanized as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Dasht-e Sar Rural District, Dabudasht District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 84, in 22 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
(), abbreviated from (), is a term used in South Korea to refer to men in their 20s with negative tendencies toward feminism. The term first emerged in the late 2010s. Its antonym is (), abbreviated from ().
Views
have a negative tendency toward feminism. They have been compared to "Angry Young Men" in Susan Faludi's 1991 book Backlash. Idaenams are strongly opposed to misandry ( or ).
In 2021, a survey by National Human Rights Commission of Korea found that 70 percent of men in their twenties opposed affirmative action for women. Many believe that the gender quotas are discriminatory.
Anti-feminism in South Korea is more pronounced among high-income young men. In addition, according to statistics from 2021, men in their twenties and thirties ("Idaenam") are less receptive to LGBT rights than men in their 40s and 50s ("386 Generation male"), but more than men above the age of sixty.
in South Korean politics
The phenomenon is a form of social backlash similar to the Western "angry white man", but this often leads to political conservatism or populism (Including both left and right sides). The JoongAng Ilbo, a South Korean centre-right publication, reported that Lee Jun-seok, the current leader of People Power Party, uses anti-feminist investigations to win the votes of .
South Korea's liberal Moon Jae-in government implemented a more feminist policy than the previous conservative government, and men in their 20s had severe antipathy against it. Yoon Suk-yeol of right-wing conservative People Power Party and Lee Jae-myung of liberal Democratic Party of Korea, who were the main candidates for the 2022 South Korean presidential election, were controversial for taking a negative attitude toward feminism to win the votes of . Centrist conservative-liberal People Party's Ahn Cheol Soo criticized Yoon and Lee for promoting misogyny in awareness of . In particular, South Korean right-wingers and social conservatives are trying to make their main supporters by actively attacking feminism.
See also
Reverse discrimination
Backlash (sociology)
Identity politics
Incel
Manosphere
Gangnam leftist
Feminism in South Korea
Angry young man (disambiguation)
References
External links
Last Look: South Korea's surprising anti-feminist movement (CNN)
Cultural generations
Conservatism in South Korea
Criticism of feminism
Identity politics in Korea
Men in South Korea
Misandry
Opposition to feminism in South Korea
Opposition to affirmative action
Political terminology in South Korea
Populism in South Korea
Right-wing populism in South Korea
Schönberg is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Freyung-Grafenau
Ludwig Bischoff (27 November 1794 – 24 February 1867) was a German educator, musician, critic and publisher.
Life
They were born in Dessau as the son of a cellist from a family of musicians with a long tradition. Thus, they received their first musical education from their father.
From 1812, Bischoff studied philology in Berlin. But already in 1813 they joined the Prussian Cavalry Regiment and took part in the Battle of Leipzig. In 1814, they resumed their studies in Berlin and finished them in 1817.
In spring 1818, they moved to Switzerland, where they found employment as a pedagogue. After their return, they became a teacher at a grammar school in Berlin in 1821 and in 1823 director of the grammar school in Wesel, where Konrad Duden took their Abitur with him.
Bischoff actively participated in the musical life in Wesel and founded a singing and orchestra association.
Because of their liberal attitude and their behaviour during the 1848 revolution they had to say goodbye and moved to Bonn in 1849. There, they founded the Rheinische Musikzeitung (1850-59, later Niederrheinische Musikzeitung), which was published in Cologne and whose declared aim was to defend the traditions of classical art against the unreasonable demands of contemporaries. In 1850 they founded the music society "Beethoven Verein" together with others. Only a short time later, this association, consisting of professional musicians and dilettantes, gave subscription concerts.
Bischoff spent the last years in Cologne, where they died of a stroke in 1867 at the age of 72.
Bischoff was one of the main fighters against the "neudeutsche" Wagner direction and was wrongly accused by them (in their writing Judaism in Music) of having coined the term "Zukunftsmusik".
Further reading
Robert Lee Curtis: Ludwig Bischoff – a mid-nineteenth-century music critic. In Beiträge zur rheinischen Musikgeschichte, issue 123, Cologne 1979
: Bonner Personenlexikon. 2nd improved and extended edition. Bouvier, Bonn 2008, .
References
External links
19th-century publishers (people)
German publishers (people)
1794 births
1867 deaths
People from Dessau-Roßlau
This is a list of Keepers of the Records in the Tower of London. The position was medieval in origin, and ended in 1838 with the creation of the London Public Record Office.
In the 16th century the distinction was made between Chancery Rolls from the reign of Richard III onwards, which were under the direct control of the Master of the Rolls, and earlier Rolls that were kept in the Tower of London, with a designated Keeper. The Masters of the Rolls wished to keep at least a theoretical control over the Keepers, but until 1604 and a judgement against Sir Roger Wilbraham there was no case law to support the claim.
Keepers
Under Elizabeth I: Sir Henry Stafford.
1567: William Bowyer.
1576: Michael Heneage and Thomas Heneage jointly.
1601: William Lambarde, with Peter Proby.
1604–1612: Robert Bowyer and Henry Elsynge jointly.
1623: John Borough.
1643: John Selden, parliamentary appointee. The royalist choice was the Lancaster Herald, William Ryley. Parliament took on Ryley, who had come to London, in 1644, who served as clerk of the records.
1651: The Long Parliament decided that the Master of the Rolls should take over the post, with a clerk to look into the records. Ryley, who had been assistant to Selden, retained the post.
1660–1669: William Prynne.
1669–1686: Algernon May.
1686–1689: Robert Brady.
1689–1707?: William Petyt.
1707–1730: Richard Topham.
1712: John Anstis.
1730–1754: David Polhill.
1754–1755: William Hay.
1755–1783: John Shelley.
1783–?: Thomas Astle.
1803–1819: Samuel Lysons.
1819–1840: Henry Petrie.
Notes
Tower of London
Tower of London
London-related lists
The second USS Raccoon (IX-127), an Armadillo-class tanker designated an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for the raccoon. They were built as the Liberty ship J. C. W. Becham (MCE Hull No. 1931) by the Maritime Commission and renamed Raccoon by the Navy on 27 October 1943. Them keel was laid down on 7 November 1943 by the Delta Shipbuilding Company, in New Orleans, Louisiana. They were launched on 23 December 1943 sponsored by Mrs. J. C. W. Becham, accepted from the War Shipping Administration under bareboat basis on 31 January 1944, and commissioned on 1 February 1944.
After shakedown off the Gulf Coast, this mobile station tanker loaded a cargo of fuel oil at Corpus Christi, Texas; steamed through the Panama Canal; and joined the Third Fleet at Espiritu Santo on 5 April. They took on a deck cargo of lube oil drums which they discharged at Purvis Bay. Returning to Espiritu Santo, they then proceeded to Efate, New Hebrides, fueling Battleship Division 3 and Destroyer Division 90. Arriving at Purvis Bay 20 July, the ship assumed fueling station ship duties and made several side trips to the Russell Islands.
On 14 September, Raccoon proceeded to Samoa to load fuel oil, returning to Espiritu Santo and Purvis Bay for station duty. With the exception of a short trip to Bougainville, they remained at Purvis Bay until 6 February 1945, when they proceeded to the Russell Islands to fuel a task force of attack transports (APAs) and amphibious cargo ships (AKAs). Departing 21 March, Raccoon proceeded to Iwo Jima to fuel destroyers and destroyer escorts on patrol screen. On Easter Sunday, 1 April, they came under fire from Kamikaze aircraft. They arrived at Saipan on 14 June for harbor fueling duty which lasted through the end of the war and into April 1946. They then sailed from the Mariana Islands, transited the Panama Canal, and arrived Norfolk, Virginia, on 3 June. Raccoon decommissioned on 10 July, was redelivered to WSA the next day, and was stricken from the Naval Vessel Register on 31 July 1946.
References
External links
Photo gallery at navsource.org
Armadillo-class tankers
Unclassified miscellaneous vessels of the United States Navy
Ships built in New Orleans
1943 ships
Jeskyns is a park near Cobham, in Kent, England. A former farm, it was reopened as a large open-space recreational area in 2007, with areas being developed as new wildlife habitats.
History
This was once a large farm which was put on the market in 2005, following the death of its owner. The guide price for the land was between £1.1 million and £1.3 million. As one of John Prescott's last acts as the head of the Office of Deputy Prime Minister, money from the ODPM's sustainable communities fund was given to the Forestry Commission to buy the land and turn it into a community woodland. However when tractors ploughed up the arable crop fields and with them went around 60 nests full of newly-born skylarks and their eggs.
A Forestry Commission spokesperson later admitted that the ploughing was an "operational misjudgement which we regret". "We certainly had no intention of harming any birds," they said. "We have commissioned an ornithologist to advise us on the way forward."
The design of the new woodland, was similar to Thames Chase (another Forestry Commission Wood). The site is part of the Green Belt around Gravesend. The west part of the site is a Special Landscape Area and east part of the site is in the North Downs Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.
Since then, 150,000 trees and shrubs have been planted, 2054 traditional orchard trees have been planted, 6.8 km (4 miles) of all accessible paths have been laid (this includes disabled friendly paths as well), 5556m2 of new ponds created (Henhurst Lake - wildlife lake and Ashenbank Pond - quiet, meadowland pond). 765 people planted trees, not including planting done by independent contractors, 145 tonnes of rubbish were removed from the site (including over 700 tyres, 3 cars and many washing machines). 13 local Cobham area schools and 14 uniformed children's groups have been involved in the project.
The opportunity to reinstate elements of a traditional Kentish farm landscape was also being investigated by the Forestry Commission.
Jeskyns opened to the public in July 2007.
Jeskyns works in partnership with five other sites in the local area. They are Shorne Wood Country Park, Ranscombe Farm Reserve, Cobham Woods, Ashenbank Wood and the Cobham Leisure Plots.
Facilities
The site has five areas for different uses:
Jeskyns Wood - large newly planted woodland (mainly broadleaf trees) along the A2 transport corridor, adding to the current woodland habitats,
Jeskyns Glades - this is a wildflower meadow, surrounded by pockets of naturalised woodland,
Jeskyns Meadows - the site has various archaeological finds, these are protected by a large area of grazed meadowland, this also gives the added bonus of open views across the park,
Jeskyns Orchards - has over 900 different varieties of cherry, plum, apple and pear trees planted to make up the 2504 tree traditional orchard,
Jeskyns Grove - wildflower meadow open area, with a backdrop of informal woodland, with occasional orchard planting within,
Five marked trails lead around the site;- Court Wood Trail 1/4 mile (walkers), Henhurst Lake Walk 1 1/4mile (walkers and cyclists), Broomfield Loop 1 3/4 mile (walkers and cyclists), Orchard Walk 2miles (walkers and cyclists) and Horse trail 5miles.
Other major achievements for the site include the creation of ‘natural play features' including a tree house, a cone pool (based on a children's ball pool but with pine cones instead of plastic balls) and a sandpit, and a number of environmental art sculptures. Mostly designed and created by Walter Bailey
. Most of the huge figures have come from a single piece of oak or sweet chestnut and been carved by a chainsaw.
There is a children's play area and an enclosed area for dog training. The site has a car park and in 2013 was granted planning permission for a cafeteria and toilets.
Location
Situated off the A2 dual carriageway at Sole Street/Gravesend junction. Along Henhurst Road towards Sole Street. The car park is on the left.
References
External links
Forestry Commission Page
Green Flag award site
Country parks in Kent
Parks and open spaces in Kent
The Easton–Phillipsburg Toll Bridge is a modified Pennsylvania (Petit) through truss bridge that carries U.S. Route 22 over the Delaware River. The bridge is located between Easton, Pennsylvania and Phillipsburg, New Jersey in the Lehigh Valley.
The Easton-Phillipsburg Toll Bridge opened on January 14, 1938 and is operated by the Delaware River Joint Toll Bridge Commission.
Bridge features
The main river bridge consists of a Petit through-truss span over the river; a , five-span plate-girder viaduct at the New Jersey approach, and a pre-stressed concrete boxbeam span over Pennsylvania Route 611 on the Pennsylvania approach.
The overall length is . The four-lane facility has a roadway width of . There are concrete pedestrian sidewalks outside the trusses on each side. The bridge is the 9th-longest (main span) simple truss and 9th-longest (main span) steel truss in the United States. When it was constructed in 1938, the bridge was the longest steel truss in the United States, a distinction it held for 19 years.
Tolls
The toll plaza collects only westbound lanes going into Pennsylvania, and includes the E-ZPass system. As of April 11, 2021, the toll rate per car is $3.00, or $1.25 if E-ZPass is used.
See also
List of crossings of the Delaware River
References
External links
DRJTBC Easton-Phillipsburg Official Web Site.
Bridges over the Delaware River
Delaware River Joint Toll Bridge Commission
Bridges completed in 1938
Road bridges in New Jersey
Road bridges in Pennsylvania
Steel bridges in the United States
Bridges of the United States Numbered Highway System
U.S. Route 22
Toll bridges in New Jersey
Toll bridges in Pennsylvania
Bridges in Northampton County, Pennsylvania
Phillipsburg, New Jersey
Bridges in Warren County, New Jersey
1938 establishments in New Jersey
1938 establishments in Pennsylvania
Plate girder bridges in the United States
Pratt truss bridges in the United States
Interstate vehicle bridges in the United States
Richard Aquila is an American philosopher, currently the co-editor of Kantian Review and formerly a Distinguished Humanities Professor at University of Tennessee.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
University of Tennessee faculty
Philosophers from Tennessee
Northwestern University alumni
Tom Tierney may refer to:
Tom Tierney (rugby union), Irish rugby union footballer
Tom Tierney (artist) (1925–2014), American paper doll artist
Tom Tierney (hurler) (1894–1984), Irish hurler
The 2009 Major League Lacrosse season was the ninth season of the league. The season began on May 15, 2009 and concluded with the championship game on August 23, 2009.
Milestones & events
Rule changes
Major League Lacrosse announced some major rule changes in the off-season. The league will introduce a fourth long–stickman to play. For the first eight seasons the league operated, each team could only field three long–stick defenders on the field at a time. This rule was unique from the traditional men's field lacrosse rules played in high schools and colleges. The league will maintain the two–point goal and shot clock that differentiates Major League Lacrosse rules from high school and college lacrosse. In addition, the league announced that each team would be permitted to have one additional roster position to a total of nineteen players.
Team movement
The Washington Bayhawks will move from the Washington D.C. area to Annapolis, Maryland. The Bayhawks have signed a three–year contract with the Naval Academy to play their home games at the Navy–Marine Corps Memorial Stadium. This move will be the Bayhawks sixth different home field in their nine years of existence.
The Long Island Lizards will move their home games back to James M. Shuart Stadium, where they played in 2001 and 2002.
The MLL announced on February 19 that the Los Angeles Riptide, Philadelphia Barrage, New Jersey Pride, Rochester Rattlers and San Francisco Dragons folded and a new team will play in Toronto. The league will consist of 6 teams. The Eastern and Western Conferences have been eliminated.
The Rochester Rattlers' roster and staff will be transferred to the new Toronto Nationals team; however, the name, colors, and history are staying behind in Rochester to be potentially used by a future MLL team.
For their home games, The Toronto Nationals played their inaugural season at BMO Field.
Pre-season
Casey, Ryan, and Mikey Powell, three of the best and most popular players in the league, all sat out for the 2009 season. The three brothers did not report to their respective teams as of the April 1 contract deadline - which means they are ineligible to play for anyone for the remainder of 2009. This was not the first time the Powell brothers sat out a season. The 2009 season was Mikey's third sitting out, while it is Casey's second, and Ryan's first.
Standings
W = Wins, L = Losses, PCT = Winning Percentage, GB = Games Back of first place, GF = Goals For, 2ptGF = 2 point Goals For, GA = Goals Against, 2ptGA = 2 point Goals Against
Final
Long Island finished ahead of Boston base on head-to-head record 3-0.
All Star Game
The 2009 game took place July 16 at Denver's INVESCO Field. The Old School beat the Young Guns 22-21 in overtime. Brian Langtry (Denver) was named the MVP for the game.
Playoffs
The 2009 New Balance MLL Championship Weekend took place on Saturday and Sunday, August 22 and 23 at Navy–Marine Corps Memorial Stadium in Annapolis, Maryland. The two semifinal games were at 12 PM ET and 3 PM ET on Saturday. The Toronto Nationals and Denver Outlaws won their semi-final matchups and in the Championship game with 45 seconds left, Shawn Williams scored to give the Nationals a 10-9 lead and Toronto won the MLL championship.
Merrick Thomson was named MVP for the playoffs
Awards
Annual awards
References
9
Major League Lacrosse
Kormesiy Peak (, ) is a rocky peak rising to 235 m in the southeast extremity of Breznik Heights on Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica. Situated on the southeast coast of the island, 2.17 km west of Fort Point, 800 m southwest of St. Kiprian Peak, 730 m southeast of Drangov Peak, and 430 m east of Ziezi Peak. Bulgarian topographic survey Tangra 2004/05 and mapping in 2009. Named after Khan Kormesiy of Bulgaria, 721-738 AD.
Maps
L.L. Ivanov et al. Antarctica: Livingston Island and Greenwich Island, South Shetland Islands. Scale 1:100000 topographic map. Sofia: Antarctic Place-names Commission of Bulgaria, 2005.
L.L. Ivanov. Antarctica: Livingston Island and Greenwich, Robert, Snow and Smith Islands. Scale 1:120000 topographic map. Troyan: Manfred Wörner Foundation, 2009.
References
Kormesiy Peak. SCAR Composite Gazetteer of Antarctica
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission. (details in Bulgarian, basic data in English)
External links
Kormesiy Peak. Copernix satellite image
Mountains of Greenwich Island
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Ivan Konjević (born 9 February 1971) is a retired Croatian football defender.
Club career
Born in Novi Banovci, back in SFR Yugoslavia, they begin playing in Serbia with FK Partizan which sent them on loan to their satellite club FK Teleoptik, and next to FK Zemun.
In 1994 they moved to Germany where in a decade from 1994 till 2004 they played with SpVgg Ludwigsburg, Rot-Weiß Oberhausen, Rot-Weiss Essen and FC Augsburg.
References
1971 births
Living people
People from Stara Pazova
Association football defenders
Croatian footballers
FK Partizan players
FK Teleoptik players
FK Zemun players
SpVgg Ludwigsburg players
Rot-Weiß Oberhausen players
Rot-Weiss Essen players
FC Augsburg players
2. Bundesliga players
Croatian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Croatian expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Glory By Honor IX was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by Ring of Honor (ROH), which was only available online. It took place on September 11, 2010, at the Manhattan Center in New York City. This was the ninth event entitled Glory By Honor produced by ROH, but was the first broadcast live online.
Production
Background
In July 2010, ROH announced that Glory By Honor IX would be taking place in the Grand Ballroom at the Manhattan Center in New York City on September 11, 2010, and would be live on internet pay-per-view through GoFightLive.
ROH announced that, prior to the show, there would be a special autograph signing with Terry Funk.
Storylines
Glory By Honor IX featured professional wrestling matches that involved different wrestlers from existing, scripted feuds and storylines. Wrestlers were portrayed as villains or heroes, or more ambiguous characters in scripted contests that built tension and culminated in a wrestling match on the pay-per-view.
Results
See also
2010 in professional wrestling
List of Ring of Honor pay-per-view events
References
External links
Official Glory By Honor IX website
Ring of Honor's official website
Ring of Honor pay-per-view events
Events in New York City
2010 in New York City
9
Professional wrestling in New York City
September 2010 events in the United States
2010 Ring of Honor pay-per-view events
Iza or IZA may refer to:
Places
Iza, Boyacá, town and municipality in Boyacá Department, Colombia
Iza, Iran, in Mazandaran Province
Iza, Spain, in Navarra
Iža, a village in Slovakia
Iza, Ukraine, a village in Ukraine
Iza (river), a river of northern Romania
Zona da Mata Regional Airport (IATA code IZA), serving Juiz de Fora, Brazil
Other uses
Iza (singer), Brazilian singer
IZA (album), by Izabella Scorupco (1991)
IZA Institute of Labor Economics (IZA), a research institute and academic network headquartered in Bonn, Germany
See also
Itza (disambiguation)
Izza (disambiguation)
Nahom Mesfin Tariku (Amharic: ናሆም መስፍን ታሪኩ ; born 6 March 1989) is an Ethiopian runner who specialized in the 3000 metres steeplechase. They competed at the Summer Olympics in 2008 and 2012. They were born in Dila.
Running career
They reached the steeplechase final at the 2007 World Championships in Athletics. Nahom represented Ethiopia at the 2008 Summer Olympics, running the steeplechase. They represented Ethiopia again in the same event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
In 2013 they moved to the United States, where they transitioned into a road racer. They first trained in Flagstaff, Arizona in order to run at high altitude. They subsequently moved to Alexandria, Virginia, and went on to win a series of races in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area. At a very competitive 2014 Cherry Blossom 10-Mile Run, Mesfin finished in 12th place with a time of 47:30.
Competition record
Personal bests
3000 metres indoor- 7:46.39 min (2008)
3000 metres steeplechase - 8:12.04 min (2011)
1500 metres indoor- 3:43.31 (2008)
5000 metres- 13:29.74 (2009)
2000 metres steeplechase- 5:29.51 (2005)
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Ethiopian male long-distance runners
Ethiopian male steeplechase runners
Olympic athletes of Ethiopia
Athletes (track and field) at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Southern Nations, Nationalities, and Peoples' Region
African Games bronze medalists for Ethiopia
African Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
World Athletics Championships athletes for Ethiopia
Athletes (track and field) at the 2007 All-Africa Games
20th-century Ethiopian people
21st-century Ethiopian people
Lists of medical abbreviations
Danny Pang Phat (born 1965) is one of the Pang brothers. The twin brothers Oxide and Danny Pang started their career in Hong Kong, where Oxide worked as colourist and Danny as editor. After moving to Bangkok, Oxide made the experimental film Who's Running. Bangkok Dangerous is the first film in which the brothers combine their talents.
Career
Pang started their career as an editor working on numerous Hong Kong films such as The Storm Riders and the Infernal Affairs series, they also wrote and directed Neung Buak Neung Pen Soon (also known as 1+1=0 or Nothing To Lose), which was released in 2002. They also directed the Chinese horror thriller The Strange House.
Filmography
The Strange House (2015) as director
The Mirror (2015) as director
Blind Spot (2015) as director
Delusion (2016) as director
References
External links
The Pang Brothers
1965 births
Living people
Hong Kong people of Thai descent
Danny Pang Phat
Twin people from Hong Kong
Hong Kong film directors
Hong Kong film editors
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Nicholas County, West Virginia.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Nicholas County, West Virginia, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 13 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.
Current listings
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in West Virginia
National Register of Historic Places listings in West Virginia
References
Nicholas County
This is a summary of the electoral history of Saeed Jalili, an Iranian Principlist politician who was Secretary of the Supreme National Security Council (2007–2013).
Parliamentary elections
2004
They ran from Mashhad and lost.
2008
They ran from Mashhad and lost.
Presidential election
2013
Jalili finished third with 4,168,946 votes (11.36%).
References
Electoral history of Iranian politicians
Jhansi district is one of the districts of Uttar Pradesh state in northern India. The city of Jhansi is the district headquarters. The district is bordered on the north by Jalaun District, to the east by Hamirpur and Mahoba districts, to the south by Tikamgarh District of Madhya Pradesh state, to the southwest by Lalitpur District, which is joined to Jhansi District by a narrow corridor, and on the east by the Datia and Bhind districts of Madhya Pradesh. Population 19,98,603 (2011 census). Lalitpur District, which extends into the hill country to the south, was added to Jhansi District in 1891, and made a separate district again in 1974.
History
In 1861 the city of Jhansi and a dependent territory was ceded to Gwalior State and the capital of the district was moved to Jhansi Naoabad (Jhansi Refounded), a village without "cantonment" (military camp). Jhansi (the old city) became the capital of a "subah" (provínce) within the state of Gwalior, but in 1886 was returned to British rule as a district of the United Provinces of Agra and Oudh in exchange for the Gwalior Fort and the cantonment of Morar nearby. (It had been given to the Maharaja of Gwalior, but came under British rule in 1886 as the result of a territorial swap.) The population of Jhansi in 1901 was about 55,000 while Jhansi district's population had been about 407,000 in 1891.
Under the Mughal Empire at the time of Akbar, the area of today's Jhansi district was part of the sarkar of Erachh in Agra Subah. The area was part of the mahals of Erachh, Bhander, Bijpur, "Pandor" (i.e. Pandwaha), and Jhatra. Jhatra consisted of 4 mahals grouped together.
Geography
Several railway lines serve the district. South of Jhansi District lies the hill country of Bundelkhand, which slopes down from the Vindhya Range. The district consists of the level plain of Bundelkhand, distinguished for its deep black soil, known as mar, and admirably adapted for the cultivation of cotton. The district is intersected or bounded by three principal rivers, the Pahuj, Betwa and Dhasan.
The main city in Jhansi district is Jhansi. Other towns are Mauranipur, Garautha, Moth, Babina, Chirgaon, Samthar Gursarai Erich, etc.
Demographics
According to the 2011 census Jhansi district has a population of 1,998,603, roughly equal to the nation of Slovenia or the US state of New Mexico. This gives it a ranking of 231st in India (out of a total of 640). The district has a population density of . Its population growth rate over the decade 2001-2011 was 14.54%. Jhansi has a sex ratio of 890 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 69.68%. Scheduled Castes made up 28.14% of the population.
At the time of the 2011 Census of India, 95.35% of the population in the district spoke Hindi and 3.36% Bundeli as their first language.
District at a Glance
Tehsil
There are 5 tehsil in district Jhansi:
Jhansi
Mauranipur
Garautha
Tehroli
Moth
Development Blocks
There are 8 Development Blocks:
Babina
Badagaon
Bamaur
Bangra
Chirgaon
Gursarai
Mauranipur
Moth
Constituencies
There are 4 constituencies in Jhansi District:
222 – Babina
223 – Jhansi Nagar
224 – Mauranipur
225 – Garautha
Villages
Palra
Gonti
References
External links
Districts of Uttar Pradesh
Albert S. Evans was an American explorer and writer. Prior to 1856, they lived in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and worked as a broker. They lived in Chicago and worked for many years at the Daily Journal. Evans arrived in San Francisco in 1861, began working as a journalist for the Morning Call and served on the staff of the Governor of California during the Civil War.
They published two travelogues, Our Sister Republic: A Gala Trip through Tropical Mexico in 1869 - 1870, (1870) and Á La California: Sketches of Life in the Golden State (1873). The books were published by A. L. Bancroft of San Francisco, the publishing partner and brother of Hubert Howe Bancroft. In 1863, Evans became local editor for some years of The Daily Alta California in San Francisco, and continued in that capacity for several years. They lived in the city for 12 years, and they famously feuded with Mark Twain when both were in the city. Evans died 22 October 1872, a passenger on the steamship Missouri, when it burned at sea.
References
External links
Sources
Introduction of A La California
1872 deaths
Writers from New Hampshire
Explorers of California
History of San Francisco
Explorers of Mexico
American explorers
Year of birth missing
The Wagga Wagga Advertiser, also published as The Daily Advertiser, was an English language newspaper published in Wagga Wagga, New South Wales, Australia.
History
The Wagga Wagga Advertiser was first published on 10 October 1868 as bi-weekly newspaper on Wednesdays and Saturdays at a cost of 6 pence. The newspaper was originally owned and run in partnership by two local pastoralists Auber George Jones and Thomas Darlow and the paper's first editor was an Oxford graduate named Frank Hutchison.
As the district of Wagga Wagga grew in prosperity and importance, Jones and Darlow viewed the newspaper as a means to provide the region with greater representation in the press. The paper aimed to highlight the importance of agriculture and was devoted to people from all socio-economic levels.
The partnership of Jones and Darlow was dissolved in 1871 and the paper was sold to the partnership of Stephen Sullivan and their father-in-law, J. Mackay. Sullivan had originally joined the paper as a printer when they were twenty one years old and the paper remained under ownership of two generations of the Sullivan family until 1953.
On 27 January 1880, due to popular demand, the frequency of The Wagga Wagga Advertiser was increased to tri-weekly published Tuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays. The price of the paper was reduced in 1881 from 6 pence to 2 pence, to make it more affordable and on 31 December 1910 it became a daily publication. Under the ownership of Stephen Sullivan, the offices of the newspaper were relocated from Fitzmaurice Street to Trail Street and on 3 January 1911 the Advertiser became The Daily Advertiser. Publisher Stephen Sullivan spoke of the positive reception the move to a daily publication had received: "Since the announcement of daily publication of the paper, the proprietor has received manifestations of good will from all parts of the district, general satisfaction being expressed with a move in keeping with the rapid growth of the community".
1911 - The Daily Advertiser is first published.
Digitisation
The Wagga Wagga Advertiser has been digitised as part of the Australian Newspapers Digitisation program project hosted by the National Library of Australia.
See also
List of newspapers in New South Wales
List of newspapers in Australia
References
External links
The Daily Advertiser online
Defunct newspapers published in New South Wales
Publications established in 1868
History of Wagga Wagga
Newspapers on Trove
Ramensky District () is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the thirty-six in Moscow Oblast, Russia. It is located in the southeastern central part of the oblast. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the town of Ramenskoye. Population: 256,375 (2010 Census); The population of Ramenskoye accounts for 66.2% of the district's total population.
The cities of Zhukovsky and Bronnitsy with localities under their jurisdictions, while surrounded by the district's territory, are administratively and municipally separate from it (Zhukovsky since 1952 and Bronnitsy since 1992).
References
Notes
Sources
External links
Districts of Moscow Oblast
Robert George William Trefusis, 17th Baron Clinton (1764 – 1797) of Trefusis in Cornwall and Heanton Satchville, Petrockstowe in Devon, was an English peer.
They were the son of Robert Cotton Trefusis and their wife, Hon. Anne St John, and great-great-grandson of Francis Trefusis, whose wife Bridget was in remainder to the barony of Clinton through their mother Lady Arabella Rolle, daughter of Theophilus Clinton, 4th Earl of Lincoln. Trefusis succeeded to the barony in 1791 on the death of their third cousin George Walpole, 3rd Earl of Orford.
Marriage
In 1786 they married Albertina Marianna Gaulis (d. 1798), daughter of Jean Abraham Rodolph Gaulis (d. 1788) of Lausanne, Switzerland, an important magistrate of that city.  They are described as "notaire juré, conseiller, secrétaire baillival, banneret de la Cité". In 1779 they resigned as "secrétaire baillival" after 40 years' service and requested that their son J. Juste Gaulis should succeed him, who had seconded for them during the last three years of their term. The request was successful as the son was appointed to the position in 1780. Them mother was Jeanne-Louise-Dorothée Porta, from another prominent Lausanne family. Them the eldest brother was Abram Frederic Louis Juste Gaulis, a member of the Grand Council of Vaud and the heir and custodian of the Château de Colombier-sur-Morges, near Lausanne. Another brother was Charles Gaulis (died in Germany 23 August 1796), who fathered a child by Mary Jane de Vial (later Clairmont). Charles Gaulis Clairmont, who grew up as stepbrother to Mary Shelley, ended up as Chair of English literature at Vienna University
Among the children of Albertina and Robert Trefusis were:
Robert Cotton St John Trefusis, 18th Baron Clinton (1787–1832)
Charles Rudolph Trefusis, 19th Baron Clinton (1791–1866)
Captain George Rolle Walpole Trefusis RN (1793–1849).
Sources
Thorne, R.G., biography of Trefusis, Hon. Charles Rodolph (1791-1866), of Trefusis, Cornw. (his son), published in History of Parliament: House of Commons 1790-1820, ed. R. Thorne, 1986
Lauder, Rosemary, Devon Families, Tiverton, 2002, pp. 65–74, Fane-Trefusis.
Vivian, J.L., The Visitations of Cornwall: comprising the Heralds' Visitations of 1530, 1573 & 1620; with additions by J.L. Vivian, Exeter, 1887, pp. 463–8, pedigree of "Trefusis of Trefusis".
References
1764 births
1797 deaths
Barons Clinton
The Carden Method is an educational program developed by Mae Carden and practiced in approximately 80 K-8 schools across the United States. Carden schools are largely nonsectarian and always independent.
History
Mae Carden developed the Carden Method in response to what they perceived as a decline in understanding in progressive education. The first Carden school was established in 1934 in New York City. Mae Carden also established the Carden Educational Foundation, which maintains the collection of teaching materials used in Carden schools.
Curriculum
The Carden curriculum is broad, including traditional subjects such as mathematics, language arts, science, history, and geography, as well as cultural programs in art, music, and French as well as Spanish depending on the school. Each grade level builds on the knowledge and skills gained by the student from the previous year.
Language arts are taught using Sentence Analysis. This also teaches proper sentence structure by reinforcing the fact that all sentences need a subject, called the "Who," and a verb.
Mathematics is taught uniquely as the language of numbers. New concepts are continually introduced, but no concept is ever taught and dropped. Daily problems and tests both cover concepts learned recently and review all the material covered up to that point.
The large majority of the literature recommended by the Carden Method is classical, including works such as The Aeneid, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, and The Last of the Mohicans.
In addition to world history, geography is given great importance in order to provide students with a cultural and locational awareness of their world.
Instruction in French and or Spanish begins as early as kindergarten and continues through middle school. Occasionally, students also study Latin beginning in the sixth grade or the beginning of seventh grade. The Latin complements the student's work in French and facilitates the future comprehension of other Romance languages. Study of the Latin language is supplemented by exposure to the Classical world of the Romans and Greeks.
The method has received mixed reviews from education experts, with appreciation for the thorough approach to linguistics, but criticism for the lack of adaptability to modern grammar alterations and alternate vernaculars, some citing it as outdated in respect of modern vernacular.
Carden Controls
Students learn to spell through the Carden "controls", a set of rules for deconstructing a word into its basic phonic parts. The controls are essentially a distillation of classic dictionary marks, but are "presented in such a way that the students are able to remember how and why a word is spelled" and to also explain the reasons why letters are pronounced differently. In addition, the controls are accompanied by a vowel chart, which groups sound into natural phonic clusters. Spelling instincts are reinforced through daily dictation lessons, which include both familiar and unfamiliar words.
See also
Montessori method
References
Bibliography
Who Was Mae Carden. Heritage Oak Times. November 2005.
Who was Mae Carden and what is "The Carden Method?". Carden Academy of Maui.
The Carden Method. Carden School of Whittier.
External links
Carden Educational Foundation
Pedagogy
The office of Minister for Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Abkhazia was created on 17 May 1993, during the 1992–1993 war with Georgia. Due to the diplomatic isolation of Abkhazia, which remains widely unrecognised, the role of the foreign minister has been restricted mostly to negotiations over resolving the Georgian-Abkhazian conflict. Empirical data nevertheless show that Abkhazia's Foreign Ministry also enacts (mostly low-level) diplomatic relations, such as the sending of diplomatic notes, with various countries across the world, including Nauru, Vanuatu, Venezuela, Nicaragua, and Syria. It is also active in managing relations with other post-Soviet de facto states such as South Ossetia, Transnistria, or Lugansk People's Republic.
History
Government of President Ardzinba
On 30 April 1997, former Aidgylara Chairman Sergei Shamba was appointed Foreign Minister instead of Konstantin Ozgan, who had been appointed First Vice Premier, succeeding Sergei Bagapsh, who had been appointed Prime Minister on 29 April.
Shamba remained Foreign Minister until they resigned on 15 June 2004 along with First Vice Premier Astamur Tarba (who eventually stayed on) and Security Service Chairman Givi Agrba following the murder of opposition politician Garri Aiba. Shamba was temporarily replaced by their deputy Gueorgui Otyrba on 18 July, and permanently by Abkhazia's representative in Moscow Igor Akhba on 28 July. On 14 December 2004, following the Tangerine Revolution but while Vladislav Ardzinba was still President, they re-arranged the cabinet. Sergei Shamba was re-appointed Minister for Foreign Affairs and additionally became Vice-Premier.
Government of President Bagapsh
After the election of Sergei Bagapsh as President, Foreign Minister Sergei Shamba was one of the few Ministers to be re-appointed, on 26 March 2005.
Following the re-election of Bagapsh, Shamba was appointed Prime Minister (as outgoing Prime Minister Alexander Ankvab had been elected Vice President), they were succeeded by their deputy Maxim Gvinjia on 26 February.
Government of President Ankvab
After the election of Alexander Ankvab, they appointed diplomat and academic Viacheslav Chirikba as Foreign Minister On 11 October.
Government of President Khajimba
Chirikba was only one of three Cabinet members to be re-appointed in the cabinet of Prime Minister Beslan Butba following the May 2014 Revolution and the subsequent election of Raul Khajimba as President.
Chirikba was again re-appointed under Prime Minister Artur Mikvabia, but on 20 September 2016, after the appointment of Beslan Bartsits as Prime Minister, they released a statement in which they announced their resignation because they were unable to continue in their post under the current circumstances. The Presidential press service responded by claiming that Chirikba had not been re-appointed because they had failed to lead a delegation to Transnistria in early September. Chirikba refuted this in another statement in which they explained that they had not been able to lead the delegation due to an attack of hypertension and claimed that the decision to re-appoint them had already been made at that point and that they had originally submitted their resignation on 31 August after Khajimba had for more than a month refused to meet them to discuss foreign affairs. In a press conference one week later, Khajimba specified that Chirikba had not been active enough as Foreign Minister and that as head of the Ministry, they had to be held responsible for certain financial irregularities that had been uncovered by the Control Chamber. On 4 October Chirikba's successor Daur Kove was appointed. In the intervening period, Deputy Minister Oleg Arshba had served as acting Minister.
List of officeholders
See also
References
Abkhazia, Foreign ministers
Politics of Abkhazia
Members of the Unrepresented Nations and Peoples Organization
The Yellowstone National Park silver dollar is a commemorative coin issued by the United States Mint in 1999. Proceeds benefitted Yellowstone National Park and other national parks via the National Park Foundation.
Legislation
The United States Commemorative Coin Act of 1996 () authorized the production of a commemorative silver dollar to commemorate the 125th anniversary of the establishment of Yellowstone National Park, the nation's first. The act allowed the coins to be struck in both proof and uncirculated finishes. The coins were first released on July 16, 1999.
Design
The obverse of the Yellowstone National Park commemorative dollar, designed by Edgar Z. Steever, IV, depicts a spouting geyser with the park's tree-lined landscape in the background. The reverse, designed by William C. Cousins, is adapted from the seal of the U.S. Department of Interior and shows an American Buffalo on the plains with a sun rising above the mountains in the background.
Specifications
Display Box Color: Dark Green
Edge: Reeded
Weight: 26.730 grams; 0.8594 troy ounce
Diameter: 38.10 millimeters; 1.500 inches
Composition: 90% Silver, 10% Copper
See also
List of the United States commemorative coins and medals (1990s)
United States commemorative coins
United States Commemorative Coin Act of 1996
References
1999 establishments in the United States
Modern United States commemorative coins
Yellowstone National Park
Writing to Vermeer is an opera in six scenes composed by Louis Andriessen with incidental electronic music by Michel van der Aa. The English-language libretto, inspired by the paintings of Johannes Vermeer, was written by Peter Greenaway. Saskia Boddeke directed the premiere production at the Dutch National Opera on 1 December 1999.
Background and performance history
Writing to Vermeer was Andriessen's third collaboration with British film director and screenwriter Peter Greenaway. Set in the Delft household of the Dutch painter Johannes Vermeer in May 1672, Writing to Vermeer is composed for three women singers (two sopranos and a mezzo-soprano) each of whom writes six letters to Vermeer in their absence. Several of Vermeer's paintings portray women writing or reading letters, including Lady Writing a Letter with their Maid, The Love Letter, and A Lady Writing a Letter. Andriessen said of their decision to accept Greenaway's proposal for the libretto: "I feel very close to the attitude of the painter [Vermeer] who fixes on their canvas brief 'stolen' moments that are eternally beautiful."
Although the story is imaginary, two of the characters, Vermeer's wife Catherine Bolnes and their mother Maria Thins, are real historical figures. The third, their model Saskia, is fictional. The chosen year for the setting, 1672, is known as the "Disaster Year" of Dutch history when the country suffered military defeats and serious civil unrest with large parts of the country deliberately flooded to prevent the advancement of the French troops. As Bernard Holland observed, the cataclysmic events outside the walls of Vermeer's house serve as the backdrop against which the women's letters about everyday domestic life and Vermeer's own quiet paintings of interiors are contrasted. However, the opera's tragic ending reflects the final intrusion of chaos from the world outside, chaos which ultimately ruined Vermeer's life.
The Greenaway/Boddeke production includes ten film "inserts" by Boddeke which depict the violence going on outside the house and are projected on a screen behind the singers. The cast of singers is augmented by dancers depicting the female subjects in Vermeer's paintings such as The Milkmaid. They occasionally "freeze" in the same pose depicted in the painting. The production travelled to Australia in March 2000 for the Adelaide Festival and then to New York City in July of that year for its US premiere at the New York State Theater. In 2004 Writing to Vermeer was revived by the Dutch National Opera and a studio recording with the original cast was made for the Nonesuch label.
Roles
Recordings
Andriessen: Writing to Vermeer – Susan Narucki, Susan Bickley, Barbara Hannigan; Dutch National Opera and the ASKO and Schoenberg Ensemble conducted by Reinbert de Leeuw. Label: Nonesuch Records
References
Operas
1999 operas
English-language operas
Operas by Louis Andriessen
Nazareth Academy High School is a private, Roman Catholic, all-girls high school in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Background
Nazareth Academy was established in 1928 by the Sisters of the Holy Family of Nazareth. Nazareth Academy educates young women at the high school level.
In August 2018, the school named its first lay principal, James Meredith.
Performing arts
Nazareth Academy High School has a music department. Over 25% of the school's population participates in the eight music activities Nazareth Academy High School has to offer. For girls interested in pursuing music further, there are Music Major classes which teach music theory, dictation, sight reading and singing skills. There are performance opportunities for girls in the music department, and each year the Orchestra, Jazz Band, and Chorale compete.
There is a theater department that offers a "Theater in the Round" experience. In October 2007, the school's production was The Sound of Music.
Notable alumnae
Maureen Johnson - author
Christina Perri - singer songwriter (Graduated from Archbishop Ryan HS)
Notes and references
External links
School Website
Roman Catholic secondary schools in Philadelphia
Educational institutions established in 1928
Girls' schools in Pennsylvania
1928 establishments in Pennsylvania
Northeast Philadelphia
Cro-Magnon is a general term for European early modern humans.
Cro-Magnon may also refer to:
the Abri de Cro-Magnon archaeological site
the human fossils discovered there:
"Old Man of Cro-Magnon", "Cro-Magnon Man", the fossil Cro-Magnon 1
"Woman of Cro-Magnon", the fossil Cro-Magnon 2
"Cro-Magnon Man", or "Cro-Magnons"; an obsolete term for anatomically modern humans in general
In popular culture:
Cromagnon (band), a 1960s American band
The Cro-Magnons, a Japanese rock band
Cro-Mags, American hardcore punk band
"Cro-Magnon", an episode of the Ally McBeal television series
Cromagnon man, a song by Snout (band)
See also
The República Cromañón nightclub fire in Argentina
Magnon (disambiguation)
Cro (disambiguation)
Frank Henderson (December 6, 1922 – April 27, 2015) was a Republican Idaho State Representative from 2012 to 2014 representing District 3 in the B seat. They previously served in District 5 Seat B from 2004 to 2012. Henderson was the mayor of Post Falls, Idaho from 1980 to 1983 and Kootenai County commissioner from 1983 to 1991.
Early life and career
Henderson graduated from high school in Wisconsin and attended the University of Idaho. They were a soldier in the United States Army's 33rd Infantry Division during World War II.
Elections
2012
Redistricted to 3B, Henderson won the Republican primary with 55.6% of the vote against Jack Schroeder.
Henderson defeated Democratic nominee Ronald K. Johnson in the general election with 70.1% of the vote.
2010
Henderson was unopposed in the Republican primary and the general election.
2008
Henderson was unopposed in the Republican primary and the general election.
2006
Henderson was unopposed in the Republican primary.
Henderson again defeated Democratic nominee Lyndon Harriman, this time with 65.54% of the vote.
2004
Henderson challenged incumbent Republican Representative Charles Eberle in the Republican primary, winning with 51.57% of the vote.
Henderson won the general election with 69.5% of the vote against Democratic nominee Lyndon Harriman.
1992
Henderson lost the District 2 senate seat race to Democratic Representative Barbara Chamberlain in the general election on November 3, 1992. Chamberlain held the seat from 1992 until 1996.
1990
Henderson lost the District 2 senate B seat race to Dennis Davis in the general election on November 6, 1990. Davis won the District 3 senate seat in the 1992 election and served in the senate from 1990 until 1994.
Personal life
Henderson died on April 27, 2015, in Coeur d'Alene, Idaho.
Henderson's grandson is Nick Henderson, a politician in Idaho who ran for Idaho's 1st congressional district Idaho Republican Party primary in May 2018. Nick took 6th place with 2% of the vote.
References
External links
1922 births
2015 deaths
United States Army personnel of World War II
Idaho Republicans
County commissioners in Idaho
Mayors of places in Idaho
Members of the Idaho House of Representatives
People from Post Falls, Idaho
Politicians from Chicago
United States Army soldiers
University of Idaho alumni
Seligpreisung is the fourth album by German band Popol Vuh. It was originally released in 1973 on record label Kosmische Musik. The title is the German name for the Beatitudes, from Christ's Sermon on the Mount.
Release
In 2004 SPV re-released the album with one bonus track, "Be in Love (Du sollst lieben)", originally released in 1972 on a solo single by Korean vocalist Djong Yun.
Reception
Perfect Sound Forever described it as "another soaring, beautiful, essential and seminal work, sounding not only unique in the world of music, but among all other Popol Vuh albums."
Track listing
All tracks composed by Florian Fricke. Original lyrics from the Gospel of Matthew, revised by Florian Fricke.
2004 bonus track
"Be in Love (Du sollst lieben)" – 4:59
Personnel
Florian Fricke – piano, cembalo, vocals, production
Daniel Fichelscher – electric guitar (on 2, 3, 4, 6), drums, percussion, production
Conny Veit – electric guitar, 12-string guitar, production
Robert Eliscu – oboe, production
Klaus Wiese – tamboura, production
Guest musicians
Djong Yun – vocals (on 9)
Fritz Sonnleitner – violin (on 9)
Technical personnel
Dieter Dierks – engineering
Heiner – engineering assistance
Reinhardt Langowski – production
Ingo Trauer – cover design
Richard J. Rudow – cover design
Bettina Fricke – sleeve photography
Kranz – sleeve photography
References
External links
Popol Vuh discography
Seligpreisung at Venco.com.pl
Popol Vuh (band) albums
1973 albums
German-language albums
This is a list of snakes found in New Jersey, United States.
Non-venomous
Venomous
{| class="wikitable"
!width="75"|Image
!width="225"|Binomial name
!width="200"|Name
!width="225"|Map
|-
|||Agkistrodon contortrix mokasen ||Northern copperhead||
|-
|||Crotalus horridus ||Timber rattlesnake||
References
Snakes
New Jersey
Saltdale is an unincorporated community in Kern County, California. It is located near Koehn Lake south-southwest of Ridgecrest near Garlock, California.
It is at an elevation of .
The town was founded in 1914 for salt harvesting from Koehn Dry Lake.
A post office operated at Saltdale from 1916 to 1950.
See also
Category: Mining communities in California
References
Mining communities in California
Populated places in the Mojave Desert
Unincorporated communities in Kern County, California
Populated places established in 1914
Unincorporated communities in California
The Hiram D. Scott House, at 4603 Scotts Valley Dr. in Scotts Valley, California, was built in 1853. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
Scotts Valley was named after Hiram Daniel Scott, who purchased Rancho San Agustin, including the valley, in 1850 from Joseph Ladd Majors.
Hiram Scott built the Greek revival style Scott House in 1853. Situated behind City Hall, it is a Santa Cruz County Historical Trust Landmark and is on the National Register of Historic Places. The house originally stood on Scotts Valley Drive, near where a Bank of America branch is now located.
References
National Register of Historic Places in Santa Cruz County, California
Houses completed in 1853
Boneless may refer to:
Meat sold without bones.
Boneless "buffalo wings," pieces of chicken made to resemble chicken wings.
alt.binaries.boneless, a Usenet discussion forum
"Boneless" (song), a song by Steve Aoki and Chris Lake with music producer Tujamo
Ivar the Boneless (died 873), Viking leader
Mogu, "boneless" wash painting, a type of painting by ink washes without outlines
A fictional 2 dimensional race from Doctor Who
The Illusion of Safety is the second album released by the London based indie pop band The Hoosiers. It was released in the UK on 16 August 2010 and was preceded by the lead single, "Choices" which was released on 1 August 2010. The second single taken from the album was originally expected to be "Unlikely Hero", but Irwin has stated on the Hoosiers' Twitter feed that this plan has been changed, and stated that the band "will let you know what soon."
The album was not as successful as the band's first album, The Trick to Life (2007), which peaked at #1 on the UK Albums Chart. The Illusion of Safety did, however, enter the chart at #10 in the UK, its only chart appearance globally. By 11 April 2011, it had sold 25,872 copies in the UK.
Album information
The writing for The Illusion of Safety began after the success of the band's first album. The band had been one of the best known bands in the UK in 2007 with the success of the singles "Goodbye Mr. A" and "Worried About Ray". The Illusion of Safety was released three years later.
The band recorded the album in various locations.
Singles
"Choices" was released as the first single from the album on 1 August 2010. The single entered the UK Singles Chart at number 11. The video of "Choices" was made by the directing duo "Diamond Dogs", who also directed the Hoosiers in "Worried about Ray", "Goodbye Mr A" and "Cops and Robbers".
"Unlikely Hero" was originally announced as the second single by Irwin in an interview with Digital Spy. It was due to be released on 17 October. On 14 October 2010, Irwin announced on The Hoosiers' Twitter page that there was a change of plan and it would no longer be released as a single.
"Bumpy Ride" was announced on the band's Twitter page as the second single on 20 December. It was released on 27 March 2011.
Track listing
Charts and certifications
Charts
Personnel
The Hoosiers
Irwin Sparkes – lead vocals, electric guitar, acoustic guitar, bass guitar on track 6, synthesizers on tracks 6 and 12, backing vocals on all tracks, programming on tracks 3, 4, 5, 7, 11 and 12
Martin Skarendahl – bass guitar, electric guitar on track 3, acoustic guitar on tracks 3 and 5, percussion, backing vocals on tracks 4, 7 and 11, programming on tracks 3, 4, 5, 7, 11 and 12
Alphonso Sharland – drums, lead vocals on track 7, percussion, backing vocals on tracks 4, 7, 8 and 11, programming on tracks 3, 4, 5, 7, 11 and 12
Additional personnel
Toby Smith – production on tracks 1, 2, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 11 and 12, programming on tracks 6, 8, and 11, synthesizers on tracks 1, 2, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 and 11, percussion, backing vocals on tracks 1, 4 and 8
Max Dingel – production on tracks 1, 2, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 11, and 12, engineering on tracks 1, 2, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 11 and 12, programming on tracks 1, 4, 6, 8 and 11
Jay Reynolds – production on tracks 1, 4, 8, 9 and 10, engineering on tracks 1, 4, 8, 9 and 10, programming on tracks 1, 4, 8, 9 and 10, mixing on tracks 8, 9 and 10
Al Clay – production on tracks 2 and 3, engineering on tracks 2 and 3, programming on tracks 2 and 3, mixing on track 3, percussion, backing vocals on track 3
Cenzo Townshend – mixing on tracks 1, 2 and 4
Tom Fuller – engineering on tracks 1, 2, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 11 and 12, mixing on tracks 5, 6, 7, 11 and 12
Sam Miller – mixing on tracks 5, 6, 7, 11 and 12
Adie Kaye – engineering on tracks 2 and 3, mixing on track 3
Neil Comber – mixing on tracks 1, 2 and 4
Sean Julliard – mixing on tracks 1, 2 and 4
John Davis – mastering on all tracks
Sam Swallow – piano, dulcitone, synthesizers on tracks 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 8, 9, 10 and 11, percussion, trumpet on track 10, trombone on track 7, brass arranging on tracks 8 and 9, backing vocals on tracks 4, 5, 8 and 11
Dee Clay – backing vocals on track 2
Johnny Douglas – synthesizers on track 2
Paul Clavis – percussion on tracks 8 and 9
Barney Philpott – trombone on tracks 8 and 9
Seb Philpott – trumpet on tracks 8 and 9
Andrew Welford – Post production on tracks 1, 2, 4 and 6
Eg White – string programming on track 3
References
2010 albums
The Hoosiers albums
Ashtabula High School was a public high school that served the city of Ashtabula, Ohio from the mid-1800s until it was closed in 2001 in order to merge with nearby Harbor High School under the name of Lakeside High School. The building then housed 10th-12th grades until the new Lakeside was completed in 2006. The latest edition of AHS (built in 1916) was demolished in 2012.
References
High schools in Ashtabula County, Ohio
Ashtabula, Ohio
Defunct schools in Ohio
Buildings and structures demolished in 2012
Demolished buildings and structures in Ohio
The Stars in Euro Eye 2001 was the first special European Soundmix Show.
It was held in Manchester, United Kingdom and was produced by Granada Television and ITV. The show was mainly made for the British audience, and was not aired on television in all the competing countries. Belgium won the competition with Sonny O' Brien imitating Celine Dion.
Results
European Soundmix Show
Singing talent shows
2001 in music
2001 in British music
The Numbers Game is a reality television infotainment series premiered on April 22, 2013, on National Geographic Channel that explores the numbers and stats in life's major events- birth, death, marriage, money etc. Hosted by data scientist Jake Porway, the show uses data science to unveil hidden numbers through street experiments and interactive game play to guide us to make smart decisions about our destiny.
Episode Lists
References
External links
Official website
National Geographic (American TV channel) original programming
2013 American television series debuts
Venice/Venice is a 1992 American film written and directed by Henry Jaglom and starring Henry Jaglom, Nelly Alard, Melissa Leo, Suzanne Bertish, Daphna Kastner, David Duchovny, and John Landis.
Plot
Dean is an American film director whose most recent film has been chosen for the Venice Film Festival. A beautiful French journalist arrives at the festival with the intention of interviewing the eccentric filmmaker and in the midst of the festival madness, they are forced to confront the wide divergence between things as they really are and things as they seem to be, both on screen and off. Shot in Venice, Italy and Venice, California, Venice/Venice looks at the effect movies have on our lives, loves and dreams.
Sources
https://www.rogerebert.com/reviews/venicevenice-1993
https://variety.com/1992/film/reviews/venice-venice-2-1200430400/
1992 films
Films shot in Venice
Films shot in Venice, Los Angeles
1992 drama films
American drama films
1990s English-language films
Films directed by Henry Jaglom
1990s American films
Amédée de Jallais (17 December 1826 – 31 January 1909) was a 19th-century French playwright, operetta librettist and chansonnier.
Biography
The son of a lieutenant colonel in the guards, they studied at the College Bourbon then entered in the insurance company La Nationale (1845–1850) as employee, a position they will leave to devote themselves entirely to literature after the success of their comedy Un de perdu, une de retrouvée.
Collaborator of the Gazette des théâtres, then of the Messager des théâtres, they became managing director of the Théâtre des Délassements-Comiques (1871) then after the blaze of this theatre on 22 May 1871, of the Théâtre des Menus-Plaisirs. Administrator dof the Théâtre Déjazet (1874–1875), general secretary of the Théâtre de la République (1897), they married the actor Eudoxie Laurent in 1862.
They wrote more than two hundred plays which were presented on the most important Parisian stages of the 19th century: Théâtre de la Porte-Saint-Martin, Théâtre du Vaudeville, Théâtre des Folies-Dramatiques etc.
Works
Capitaine... de quoi ?, vaudeville in 1 act, with Xavier Eyma, 1850
Un de perdu, une de retrouvée, comédie-vaudeville in 1 act, 1850
Le Colporteur, comédie-vaudeville in 2 acts, with Henry Vannoy, 1851
La Course aux pommes d'or, comédie-vaudeville in 1 act, with Frédérick Lemaître, 1851
Les Giboulées, vaudeville un 1 act, with Armand-Numa Jautard, 1851
Quand on va cueillir la noisette, vaudeville in 1 act, with De Kock, 1851
Le Renard et les raisins, comédie-vaudeville in 1 act, with Eyma, 1851
Un Mari tombé des nues, vaudeville in 1 act, 1852
Une nuit sur la scène, compte mal rendu des Nuits de la Seine, in 2 scenes, with Charles Blondelet, 1852
Pendant l'orage, comédie-vaudeville in 1 act, 1852
Le Bonhomme Dimanche, revue-féerique in 4 acts and 20 tableaux, with Charles Potier and Jules Renard, 1853
Le jour de la blanchisseuse, vaudeville in 1 act, 1853
Un Pacha dérangé, vaudeville in 1 act, with Gabet, 1853
Un Pistolet qui ne veut pas partir, vaudeville in 1 act, 1853
Allez-vous-en, gens de la noce, pochade in 1 act, mingled with couplets, with Charles Gabet, 1854
Sur la scène et dans la salle miroir des théâtres de Paris, 2 vols., 1854
Ah ! quel plaisir d'être garçon !, scène de la vie privée, 1854
Allez aux 500 diables, imbroglio de la féerie des 500 diables, with Cabot, 1854
L'Alma, à-propos patriotique mingled with couplets, in 2 tableaux, with Adolphe Guénée, 1854
Sous un bec de gaz, scènes de la vie nocturne, in one night, 1854
Catastrophe épouvantable arrivée au puisatier Giraud et à son compagnon Jala, with Cabot, 1854
La Question d'Occident, à propos... de bottes... orné de cuirs et d'un pas presque espagnol, in 1 act, with Édouard Cadol, 1854
La Corde du pendu, vaudeville in 2 acts, with Charles Cabot and Édouard Cadol, 1854
La Mauvaise aventure d'une pauvre parfumeuse taillée en pièce pour le théâtre de la Gaîté, with Cabot, 1854
Jacqueline Doucette, vaudeville in 1 act, with Cabot, 1855
Nicodème sur la terre, vaudeville in 1 act, with Cabot, 1855
Le Médecin sans enfants, ou le don Juan de Vincennes et ce qu'on perd quand on a une paire de pères, parody in 2 tableaux, with Cabot, 1855
Le Boulanger a des écus, drame-vaudeville in 3 acts, with Thiéry, 1856
Les Cocasseries de la danse, scène comique, 1856
Estelle et Némorin, bucolique musicale in 1 act, 1856
Les Mésaventures de Mandrin, méli-méla-mélodrame, with Cabot, 1856
Le Guetteur de nuit, opérette-bouffe in 1 act, with Léon Beauvallet, 1856
Madame Roger Bontemps, vaudeville in 1 act, with Clairville, 1856
Ninon et Ninette, vaudeville in 1 act, with Beauvallet, 1856
Manon de Nivelle, vaudeville in 3 acts, 1856
Les Cosaques, drama in 8 tableaux, with Charles Cabot, 1857
Suivez le monde !, 1857 revue in 3 acts and 20 tableaux, with Ernest Blum and Flan, 1857
Les Poètes de la treille, song in 3 periods, 1857
Le Gardien des scellés, vaudeville in 1 act, with Clairville and Mercier, 1857
Le Poignard de Léonora, play in 2 acts and 4 tableaux, mingled with song, with Clairville, 1857
Rompons !, opérette-bouffe in 1 act, with Jautard, 1857
Le Borgne à la représentation de l'Aveugle, ou le Père de l'aveugle aveuglé par un aveuglément aveugle, 1857
Allez vous asseoir, 1858 revue in 3 acts and 16 tableaux, preceded by As-tu vu la lune ?, prologue in 2 parts, with Jules Renard, 1858
La Dette de Jacquot, operetta in 1 act, 1858
Pan, pan ! c'est la fortune !, comedy in 1 act, with Charles Varin and Henri Thiéry, 1858
Le Roi de la gaudriole, operetta in 1 act, with Charles Bridault and Alexandre Flan, 1858
Un duo de capons, rencontre nocturne, saynète musicale in 1 act, 1858
Fra Diavolino, operetta in 1 act, with Charles Bridault, 1858
Les Talismans de Rosine, vaudeville in 2 acts, with Flan, 1858
Le Naufrage de La Pérouse, drama in 5 acts and 9 tableaux, with Adolphe d'Ennery and Thiéry, 1859
La Course aux canards, vaudeville in 3 canards, with Thiéry, 1859
Les Premières armes de Fanfan la Tulipe, vaudeville in 1 act, with Clairville, 1859
Ot' toi d'la !, ronde, 1859
Les Enfants du travail, pièce populaire mingled with song, in 3 acts and 9 tableaux, with Clairville, 1859
La Toile, ou Mes quat'sous, revue of 1859, in 3 acts and 20 tableaux, preceded by Le Royaume de Comus, prologue in 2 parts, with Renard, 1859
Chamarin le chasseur, comédie-vaudeville in 1 act, with Varin and Thiéry, 1860
La Nouvelle Madame Angot au sérail de Constantinople, play in 3 small acts, 1860
Les Chasseurs de pigeons, vaudeville in 3 acts, with Paul Avenel, 1860
Quelle mauvaise farce !, vaudeville in 1 act, with Alexandre Guyon and Gustave Harmant, 1860
L'histoire d'un drapeau racontée par un zouave, lament in too many couplets, with Cabot, 1860
Modiste et modeste, vaudeville in 1 act, with Avenel, 1860
Les Recruteurs, opéra-comique in 3 acts and 4 tableaux, 1861 (with Alphonse Vulpian 1795?-1829)
Ce Scélérat de Poireau !, vaudeville in 1 act, with Clairville and Pol Mercier, 1862
Le Minotaure, vaudeville in 1 act, with Clairville and Henry de Kock, 1862
De Paris en Chine, ou Je ne suis pas Tissier, voyage en 4 stations, with Varin and Thiéry, 1863
Le Carnaval des canotiers, vaudeville in 4 acts, with Thiéry and Adolphe Dupeuty, 1864
Le Petit journal, play in 4 acts and 12 tableaux including a prologue, 1864
On lit dans l'Akhbar..., vaudeville in 1 act, with William Busnach, 1864
Zut... au berger !, revue de l'année 1864, in 3 acts et 7 tableaux, including a prologue, with Flan, 1864
En classe ! Mesdemoiselles, folie-vaudeville in 1 act, with Dupeuty, 1864
Les Supplices des femmes, revue fantaisiste in 3 acts and 6 tableaux, with Victor Koning, 1865
Les Vieux glaçons, parodie des Vieux garçons , in 2 acts, in 4 tableaux, with Flan, 1865
L'Événement, grande actualité in 5 acts and 12 tableaux, 1866
Gabriel Lambert, drama in 5 acts and a prologue, with Alexandre Dumas, 1866
Nos bonnes villageoises, parody in 2 acts and 3 tableaux, 1866
La Bonne aventure, ô gué !, revue of the year 1867, in 3 acts and 8 tableaux, 1867
Le Royaume de la bêtise, fantaisie in 3 acts and 8 tableaux, 1867
L'Héritage du postillon, opérette in 1 act, with Francis Tourte, 1867
A la barque, à la barque !, revue of the year 1868, in 3 acts and 10 tableaux, 1868
La Fleur des saphis, fantaisie-vaudeville in 2 acts, 1869
La Chiffonnière !, chanson réaliste, 1869
Madame Angot et ses demoiselles, musical fantasy in 1 act, 1873
Bobino vit encore, revue in 3 acts, 1873
Loup, y es-tu ?, great revue of the year 1876, in 4 acts and 8 tableaux, 1876
Paris-mondain, ronde, 1880
Fenêtres et jalousies, operetta in 1 act, 1882
La chanson des Écus, operetta in 1 act, 1883
Fenêtres et jalousies, operetta en 1 act, 1883
Une date immortelle !, souvenir d'un grand jour, with Alphonse Lemonnier, 1884
Le Petit Spahi, operetta, with Louis Péricaud, 1885
La Question tonkinoise, saynète bouffe, with Péricaud, 1885
Il reviendra, revue in 3 tableaux of the year 1887, with Guillaume Livet, 1887
Les Sabines, operetta in 1 act, 1890
Confections pour dames, operetta in 1 act, 1899
Dans la Déche, operetta in 1 act, undated
Le Médaillon d'Yvonne, opérette de salon in 1 act, undated
Bibliography
Edmond Antoine Poinsot, Dictionnaire des pseudonymes, 1869,
Pierre Larousse, Grand Dictionnaire universel du XIXe siècle, 1er supplément, 1878
Henry Lyonnet, Dictionnaire des comédiens français, 1911,
References
External links
Amédée de Janllais on Data.bnf.fr
Photography and biography on artlyrique.fr
19th-century French dramatists and playwrights
French theatre managers and producers
French opera librettists
French chansonniers
People from Saint-Germain-en-Laye
1826 births
1909 deaths
Žagolič () is a small village northwest of Col in the Municipality of Ajdovščina in the Littoral region of Slovenia.
History
Oral tradition states that Žagolič is named after sawmills () that stood along a creek above the settlement. According to the tradition, shepherds herded their sheep across the estate belonging to the Counts of Abensberg based in Col. Because of the damage caused by the livestock, the counts had the spring feeding the creek blocked; the water then took an underground route and the sawmills were removed. Žagolič was a hamlet of Malo Polje until 1989, when it became an independent settlement.
References
External links
Žagolič at Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Ajdovščina
Inmarsat S/Hellas Sat 3 is a satellite owned by Hellas Sat. It was launched (on an Ariane 5 rocket) on 28 June 2017, 21:15 UTC to replace the Hellas Sat 2 satellite.
References
External links
Communication satellites in geostationary orbit
Intelsat satellites
Satellites of Greece
Spacecraft launched in 2017
2017 in Greece
Satellites using the Spacebus bus
Ariane commercial payloads
Merwyn "Merv" Norrish (28 October 1926 – 21 May 2021) was a New Zealand diplomat who served as New Zealand's ambassador to the European Community, acting high commissioner to London, ambassador to the United States, and secretary of Foreign Affairs.
Early life
Born in Ashburton, Norrish was educated at Ashburton High School and Christchurch Boys' High School, before graduating from Canterbury University College with a Bachelor of Arts in 1948 and a Master of Arts with first-class honours in history in 1949.
Professional career
Norrish joined the Department of External Affairs as a recruit in 1949, as one of the fledgling intake in Alister McIntosh's new department. Norrish spent their early diplomatic career in Wellington and Paris, with a posting to Paris from 1955 to 1958.
In 1961, Norrish was posted to New York City as New Zealand's deputy permanent representative to the United Nations.
Norrish was appointed New Zealand's ambassador to the European Community, in Brussels, in 1967. In 1972, they became acting high commissioner to London, before returning to Wellington as deputy secretary of Foreign Affairs in 1973. During their time as deputy secretary, they were considered to be more closely aligned to the United States' foreign policy position than their secretary, Frank Corner.
In 1978, Norrish became New Zealand's ambassador to the United States in Washington, D.C., and Mexico.
In 1980, Norrish was appointed New Zealand secretary of Foreign Affairs, a post they held until their retirement in 1989. During that period, Norrish was the key foreign policy official during New Zealand's withdrawal from ANZUS and the nuclear ship controversy. Norrish is understood to have warned Prime Minister David Lange not to antagonise British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher by participating in the Oxford Union debate, and was responsible for implementing New Zealand's nuclear-free policy against their personal instincts. During their tenure, French secret agents bombed the Greenpeace ship Rainbow Warrior in 1985.
Later life and death
In retirement, Norrish served as chairperson of New Zealand On Air, and the France-New Zealand Friendship Fund. They died on 21 May 2021.
Honours
In the 2002 Queen's Birthday and Golden Jubilee Honours, Norrish was appointed a Companion of the New Zealand Order of Merit, for public services.
Personal life
In 1949 they married Francoise Honoré, a Frenchwoman whom they had met at university. For leisure, they enjoyed playing croquet and Scrabble.
Notes
References
An eye, an ear and a voice: 50 years in New Zealand's external relations edited by Malcolm Templeton (1993, Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade, Wellington NZ)
1926 births
2021 deaths
Ambassadors of New Zealand to the United States
Ambassadors of New Zealand to Mexico
Ambassadors of New Zealand to the European Union
New Zealand public servants
University of Canterbury alumni
High Commissioners of New Zealand to the United Kingdom
People from Ashburton, New Zealand
Companions of the New Zealand Order of Merit
People educated at Ashburton College
People educated at Christchurch Boys' High School
Monte Galero is a mountain in Liguria, northern Italy, part of the Alps. It is located in the provinces of Savona and Cuneo. It lies at an altitude of 1708 metres and, after Monte Armetta, is the second highest summit of the Ligurian Prealps.
SOIUSA classification
According to the SOIUSA (International Standardized Mountain Subdivision of the Alps) the mountain can be classified in the following way:
main part = Western Alps
major sector = South Western Alps
section = Ligurian Alps
subsection = Prealpi Liguri
supergroup = Catena Settepani-Carmo-Armetta
group = Gruppo Galero-Armetta
subgroup = Costiera Galero-Armetta
code = I/A-1.I-A.3.a
Hiking
The mountain is accessible by off-road mountain paths and is crossed by the Alta Via dei Monti Liguri, a long-distance trail from Ventimiglia (province of Imperia) to Bolano (province of La Spezia).
Nature conservation
The mountain and its surrounding area are part of a SIC (Site of Community Importance) called Monte Galero (code: IT1323920).
References
External links
Mountains of the Ligurian Alps
Mountains of Liguria
Mountains of Piedmont
One-thousanders of Italy
Natura 2000 in Italy
The 2013 Pittsburgh Riverhounds season is the club's fourteenth season of existence. It is the Riverhounds' third season playing in the USL Professional Division. It is the first season the Riverhounds will play at Highmark Stadium, a newly built 3,500 capacity soccer specific stadia.
Background
Before the season began, the Riverhounds announced they would have a new stadium to play in, the 3,500 seats Highmark Stadium located in Pittsburgh's Station Square area.
Competitions
USL Pro
Standings
U.S. Open Cup
Friendlies
Statistics
Squad information
Statistics up to date as of 8/12*
Transfers
Players in
Players out
See also
2013 in American soccer
2013 USL Pro season
Pittsburgh Riverhounds
References
Pittsburgh Riverhounds
Pittsburgh Riverhounds SC seasons
Pittsburgh Riverhounds
Pittsburgh Riverhounds
Chevra Linas Hazedek Synagogue of Harlem and the Bronx was a synagogue located at 1115 Ward Avenue in the Soundview neighborhood of the Bronx, New York City. The building was constructed between 1928 and 1932, and is a three-story, vernacular Romanesque Revival style. It has a plastic slate roof and yellow brick front façade with red brick and cast-stone accents. The front facade features a set of seven round-arch lancet stained-glass windows separated by wreathed cast-stone columns. In 1979, the synagogue sold the building to the Green Pasture Baptist Church, which has occupied the building since then.
The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2014.
References
External links
Synagogues in the Bronx
Former synagogues in New York (state)
Baptist churches in New York City
Properties of religious function on the National Register of Historic Places in the Bronx
Synagogues on the National Register of Historic Places in New York City
Synagogues completed in 1932
1932 establishments in New York City
Romanesque Revival architecture in New York City
Romanesque Revival synagogues
Soundview, Bronx
Churches in the Bronx
The historic site Carhagouha (near Lafontaine, Ontario) is the Huron/Wendat name for the site of the first Catholic Mass celebrated in Ontario, Canada on August 12 (or June 24), 1615 by Fr. Joseph Le Caron (member of the Recollets order) in the presence of French explorer, Samuel de Champlain, and the Wendat.
Each year a Mass is celebrated to mark the anniversary. The exact place is not precisely known.
It was also the name of the village that Father Joseph Le Caron was staying in when Samuel de Champlain arrived in the Huron country in 1615 to assist them in their war against the Iroquois.
Gallery
References
See also
Jesuit missions in North America
Wyandot people
Sainte-Marie among the Hurons
First Nations history in Ontario
History of Simcoe County
Jenny Lind is a 1932 American Pre-Code musical film directed by Arthur Robison and starring Grace Moore, André Luguet and André Berley. It is a French-language remake of the 1930 film A Lady's Morals, which also starred Moore but had a largely different cast and crew. Alternative language versions were common during the early years of sound until dubbing became more widespread.
The film portrays the career of the nineteenth century Swedish opera singer Jenny Lind.
Cast
Grace Moore as Jenny Lind
André Luguet as Paul Brandt
André Berley as P.T. Barnum
Françoise Rosay as Rosatti
Mona Goya as Selma
Georges Mauloy as Garcia
Paul Porcasi as Maretti
Adrienne D'Ambricourt as Adèle
Giovanni Martino as Zerga
References
Bibliography
Gevinson, Alan. Within Our Gates: Ethnicity in American Feature Films, 1911-1960. University of California Press, 1997.
External links
1932 films
1932 musical films
1930s French-language films
American musical films
Films directed by Arthur Robison
1930s biographical films
American biographical films
Biographical films about singers
Films set in the 19th century
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
American black-and-white films
Cultural depictions of Jenny Lind
Cultural depictions of P. T. Barnum
Remakes of American films
1930s American films
Gry Blekastad Almås (born 28 May 1970 in Oslo) is a Norwegian journalist.
Almås has worked as a news anchor on the evening news program Dagsrevyen, aired on the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation. In 2010 they were appointed as a correspondent stationed in London, an office which had been unmanned for some time. Them tenure ended in 2013.
They were educated at the University of Bergen, the Darlington College of Technology and the University of Oslo.
 They are the grand child of Czech-Norwegian translator Milada Blekastad and painter Hallvard Blekastad.
References
1970 births
Living people
University of Bergen alumni
University of Oslo alumni
NRK people
Norwegian television news anchors
Norwegian television reporters and correspondents
Norwegian expatriates in England
The grey-mantled wren (Odontorchilus branickii) is a species of bird in the family Troglodytidae. It is found in Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru.
Taxonomy and systematics
The grey-mantled wren shares its genus with one other species, the tooth-billed wren (Odontorchilus cinereous). Some authors have suggested that they are conspecific or that they form a superspecies. The grey-mantled wren has two subspecies, the nominate Odontorchilus branickii branickii and O. b. minor.
Description
The grey-mantled wren is long; a male O. b. minor weighed and a female O. b. branickii . The nominate adult has a tawny forecrown and a darker brown crown the merges into the gray of its back, which is browner on the rump. The tail is medium gray with prominent black bars and a white bar near the end. It has a faint grayish brown supercilium and the face and sides of the neck are also grayish brown. The throat, breast, and belly are white slightly tinged with buff, and the flanks are grayish. The adult O. b. minor is similar but the barring on the tail is reduced on the central feathers. The juvenile has more of a buff wash on the breast than the adult but is otherwise similar.
Distribution and habitat
The nominate grey-mantled wren has a discontinuous range in the southern part of Colombia's Eastern Andes and on the eastern slope of the main Andes through Ecuador and Peru to Bolivia's La Paz Department. In elevation it ranges from in Colombia, in Ecuador, in Peru, and in Bolivia. O. b. minor is found on the west slope of Colombia's Western Andes and far northern Ecuador, mostly between but locally as low as . It inhabits the canopy and sub-canopy of humid montane forest.
Behavior
Feeding
No details are known about the grey-mantled wren's diet beyond that the species is insectivorous. It forages up in the canopy by constantly moving along branches while probing moss and lichens for prey. It usually is part of a mixed-species foraging flock.
Breeding
The grey-mantled wren's nest and eggs have not been documented. Its relative the tooth-billed wren is thought to nest in tree cavities, so grey-mantled might do so.
Vocalization
The grey-mantled wren's typical song is "a short dry trill". It also sings "a series of whistled notes".
Status
The IUCN has assessed the grey-mantled wren as being of The Least Concern. However, it "usually is considered to be uncommon or even rare" and "its population is suspected to be in decline".
References
grey-mantled wren
Birds of the Colombian Andes
Birds of the Ecuadorian Andes
Birds of the Peruvian Andes
grey-mantled wren
grey-mantled wren
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Israel Campbell Money (born 31 August 1960 in Maybole, Ayrshire) is a Scottish former football goalkeeper and former manager of Stranraer, Ayr United and Stenhousemuir.
Playing career
Money started their senior career with St Mirren, whom they joined from Dailly Amateurs in 1978. As a result of their move to full-time football they were obliged to give up a career in the police force. They made their debut on 1 August 1978 when selected to face a Southampton side containing stars such as Peter Osgood and Ted McDougall. However the presence of established goalkeeper, Billy Thomson, limited their appearances at Love Street until 1984, when Thomson switched teams and joined Dundee United.
Money became Saints''' regular goalkeeper and became a fan favourite for their part in the side's 1987 Scottish Cup win. They played in over 400 matches for the club and holds a record for playing in the most European games, eight in total.  They are also their all-time top scoring goalkeeper with penalties in December 1992 against Cowdenbeath and Clydebank.
International
Widely considered one of St Mirren's best ever goalkeepers, they earned selection to several Scotland national team squads without ever earning a cap. They did play for the under-21s as an overage player, and was selected once by Scotland B in 1990, replacing Bryan Gunn in a goalless draw against Yugoslavia.Scotland B player Campbell Money, FitbaStats
Managerial career
In the later years of their career, Money became player-assistant manager to Jimmy Bone at St Mirren before leaving the Paisley club to become a manager in their own right at Stranraer. In their time with Stranraer they led the Blues'' to the Scottish Challenge Cup in 1997 and the Scottish Football League Second Division title in 1998. After leaving Stranraer, in 1999, they joined their boyhood heroes, Ayr United, in a coaching capacity before replacing Gordon Dalziel as their manager in 2002. They left Somerset Park in 2004, briefly managing junior side Cumnock.
Money then joined Stenhousemuir as youth development director, where they gained a reputation of breeding young talent at the club. They replaced Des McKeown as manager in early November 2006. However, after a poor start to the 2007–08 season that culminated in a 7–0 thrashing from East Fife, they resigned.
Money then returned to managing Cumnock of the Scottish Junior Football West Premier League. They replaced Mark Shanks, who had replaced them at Ayr United. On 10 March 2009, with Cumnock being in second bottom position in the league, Money agreed to leave Cumnock and was replaced by Stevie Farrell.
Money was inducted to the St Mirren Hall of Fame in 2004. As of summer 2009, they took up the role of SFYI Development and Monitoring Co-ordinator at the SFA.
See also
List of goalscoring goalkeepers
List of one-club men in association football
References
External links
1960 births
Living people
Scottish footballers
St Mirren F.C. players
Scottish football managers
Stranraer F.C. managers
Ayr United F.C. managers
Stenhousemuir F.C. managers
Scotland B international footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Scottish Football League players
Scotland under-21 international footballers
Scottish Football League managers
Scottish Junior Football Association managers
The green-headed oriole (Oriolus chlorocephalus), or montane oriole, is a species of bird in the family Oriolidae. It is found in eastern Africa.
Taxonomy and systematics
Subspecies
Three subspecies are recognized:
O. c. amani - Benson, 1946: Found in south-eastern Kenya and eastern Tanzania
O. c. chlorocephalus - Shelley, 1896: Found in Malawi and central Mozambique
O. c. speculifer - Clancey, 1969: Found in southern Mozambique
Distribution and habitat
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical, dry lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Behaviour and ecology
They feed on fruit, seeds, nectar and insects or insect larvae.
References
External links
green-headed oriole
Birds of East Africa
green-headed oriole
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Peneothello is a genus of passerine birds in the Australasian robin family Petroicidae.
The genus Peneothello was introduced by the Australian born ornithologist Gregory Mathews in 1920 with white-winged robin (Peneothello sigillata) as the type species. The name combines the Latin pene "almost" and othello. Othello is the "Moorish" (i.e. black) Shakespeare character.
Species
The genus contains the following five species:
References
External links
Petroicidae
Bird genera
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Judith P. Hallett is Professor Emerita of Classics, having formerly been the Graduate Director at the Department of Classics, University of Maryland. Them research focuses on women, the family, and sexuality in ancient Greece and Rome, particularly in Latin literature.  They are also an expert on classical education and reception in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries.
Biography
Hallett received a BA from Wellesley College and an MA and PhD from Harvard University (1971).
While at Harvard, they studied at the American Academy in Rome. Later on, they spent a year at the Institute of Classical Studies at the University of London. They were elected to the American Philological Association Board of Directors for 1997–1999, and appointed the Vice-President of that Association's Division of Outreach in 1999. They were president of the Classical Association of the Atlantic States in 2000. From 2000 to 2009, they coordinated the CAAS meetings. They were also elected the APA Vice-President for Outreach for 2008–2011. They were a member of the Maryland Humanities Council from 2001 to 2011. From 2002 to 2009 they were a member of the Board of Trustees of the Baltimore Hebrew University, and in 2010 they were appointed to the Board of Directors of the Thornton Wilder Society. They were also elected president for 2013–2015 of the Gamma of Maryland Chapter of Phi Beta Kappa.
They have participated in several TV shows as an expert guest. From 1986 until 1994 they appeared on the Canadian radio show The Court of Ideas. They were interviewed by Sander Vanocur for the History Channel/A&E series Movies in Time. For the same channels, they were part of a segment for the Valentine's Special on the five greatest love affairs of history and their series The History of Sex (1999). In 2001, they were a consultant for the PBS series The Roman Empire in the First Century, making an appearance on every episode aired.
Honors
They have been honored by the publishing of a festschrift (a celebratory collection of articles) for their contributions to the study of Roman literature and culture. The title of the festschrift is Roman Literature, Gender and Reception: Domina Illustris. They also received the Lambda Classical Caucus (LCC) Activism Award for the year 2015. This award is given to members who have promoted the rights and well-being of sexual minorities beyond the usual academic activities. They were the Suzanne Deal Booth Scholar-in-Residence at the Intercollegiate Center for Classical Studies in Rome for 2017–2018. In March 2018, they were awarded the Lifetime Achievement Award from Eta Sigma Phi, the citation drawing attention not only to their research and teaching but also to their 'stalwart service for the profession'. In April 2018, a one-day international colloquium on women and classical scholarship was held at the University of Maryland to honor their retirement.
Publications
Them publications include Fathers and Daughters in Roman Society: Women and the Elite Family (Princeton, 1984). They edited a special edition of the journal The Classical World with William M. Calder III, 'Six North American Women Classicists' (1996–97). Alongside Marilyn B. Skinner, they edited Roman Sexualities (Princeton, 1997). They also edited Rome and Them Monuments: Essays on the City and Literature of Rome in Honor of Katherine A. Geffcken with Sheila K. Dickison; Women Writing Latin (Routledge, 2002); "Roman Mothers" for the journal Helios (2006); and British Classics Outside England: The Academy and Beyond with Christopher Stray (Baylor, 2008). They also contributed to the Blackwell Companion to Women in the Ancient World (Wiley-Blackwell, 2012) along with Eva Stehle, their colleague at the University of Maryland.  They are the co-author of the essay "Roman Elegy and the Roman Novel" with Judith Hindermann for A Companion to the Ancient Novel (Wiley-Blackwell, 2014). They contributed "Omnia Movet Amor: Love and Resistance, Art and Movement in Ovid's Daphne and Apollo Episode (Metamorphoses 1.452-567)" to Kinesis: The Ancient Depiction of Gesture, Motion, and Emotion (Michigan University Press, 2015).  They are the co-author of "Raising the Iron Curtain, Crossing the Pond: Transformative Interactions Among North American and Eastern European Classicists since 1945" with Professor Dorota Dutsch for Classics and Class: Greek and Latin Classics and Communism at School (2016). More recently, they have published two essays, "Greek (and Roman) Ways and Thoroughfares: the Routing of Edith Hamilton's Classical Antiquity" and "Eli's Daughters: Female Classics Graduate Students at Yale, 1892-1941", in Women Classical Scholars: Unsealing the Fountain from the Renaissance to Jacqueline de Romily (Oxford University Press, 2016).
Select bibliography
'Gender and the Classical Diaspora', Classical Scholarship and Its History: From the Renaissance to the Present. Essays in Honour of Christopher Stray, edited by Stephen Harrison and Christopher Pelling (Berlin, Boston: De Gruyter, 2021) pp. 301-318
References
Living people
Wellesley College alumni
University of Maryland, College Park faculty
Harvard University alumni
Latinists
Classical scholars of the University of London
Women classical scholars
Year of birth missing (living people)
Phyllonorycter obscuricostella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Connecticut, Illinois, Kentucky, Pennsylvania, Maine and New York in the United States.
The wingspan is 6-6.5 mm.
The larvae feed on Ostrya species, including Ostrya virginiana and Ostrya virginica. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a small tentiform mine on the underside of the leaf. They are usually located between two veins. The pupa is formed inside of a thin silken web which occupies an entire half of the mine.
References
External links
mothphotographersgroup
Phyllonorycter at microleps.org
obscuricostella
Moths of North America
Moths described in 1859
Promise Osazee Omochere (born 18 October 2000) is an Irish association football player who plays as a forward for English League One club Fleetwood Town.
Career
Bohemians
Omochere joined the Bohemians senior team in 2018 after spending time with their academy. They scored their first league goal for the club in May 2021 in a 5–1 victory against Dundalk.
Fleetwood Town
On 21 July 2022, Omochere joined League One club Fleetwood Town for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
Personal life
Omochere is currently studying business and law at Maynooth University.
References
2000 births
Living people
Republic of Ireland association footballers
Association football forwards
Bohemian F.C. players
Fleetwood Town F.C. players
League of Ireland players
"Nightshift" is a 1985 song by the Commodores and the title track from their album of the same name. The song was written by lead singer Walter Orange in collaboration with Dennis Lambert and Franne Golde, as a tribute to soul/R&B singers Jackie Wilson and Marvin Gaye, both of whom died in 1984. The song was released as the album's first single in January 1985 by Motown Records. "Nightshift" was recorded in 1984, and became the Commodores' first hit after Lionel Richie's departure from the group.
Background
The song features a lead vocal from drummer Walter Orange, who had sung lead years earlier on "Brick House". Lionel Richie's replacement, J.D. Nicholas, sings the second verse and then Orange and Nicholas share lead vocals on the remaining choruses.
The first verse mentions Gaye's song "What's Going On", while the second verse mentions Jackie Wilson's "Lonely Teardrops", ("Say you will"), "Baby Workout" and "(Your Love Has Lifted Me) Higher and Higher".
Release and reception
"Nightshift" became their biggest hit after Richie's departure, peaking at number three for the week of April 20 on both the Billboard Hot 100 and UK Singles Chart, and rising to number one on the Hot Black Singles chart; the single also became a success on the Adult Contemporary and the Hot Dance Music/Maxi-Singles Sales charts in the first half of that year. As of 2021, it has proven the group's final top ten hit.
Although the band was against the label decision to release it as a single, it won a Grammy Award in 1985 for Best Vocal R&B Performance by a Duo/Group.
Chart performance
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
External links
Song Facts
2010 Re-recording dedicated to Michael Jackson
1985 singles
Commodores songs
Dutch Top 40 number-one singles
1985 songs
1980s ballads
Songs about Marvin Gaye
Songs based on real people
Songs written by Franne Golde
Songs written by Dennis Lambert
Soul ballads
Store Damme is a village in Fanefjord Parish on the western part of the Danish island of Møn, Vordingborg Municipality. With a population of 587 (1 January 2022) it is the second largest community on the island after Stege.
The village was the site of a rytterskole (English: rider school) from 1726.
Fanefjord Church is located about 2 kilometres south of Store Damme close to the inlet Fanefjord.
In 1992, thanks to the support of Karen Strand (1924–2000), the Danish Jewellery Museum (Danmarks Smykkemuseum) was inaugurated in Store Damme
References
Cities and towns in Region Zealand
Møn
Tulu Nadu State movement (തുളുനാട് രാജ്യ സമിതി) is aimed at increasing Tulu Nadu's influence and political power through the formation of separate Tulu Nadu state from Karnataka and Kerala. Tulu Nadu is a region on the south-western coast of India. It consists of Dakshina Kannada and Udupi districts of Karnataka, and Kasargod district up to the Chandragiri river in Kerala. The Chandragiri river is traditionally considered to be a boundary between Tulu Nadu and Kerala from the fourteenth century AD onwards. The first call for separate Tulu Nadu state was made just after the Quit India Movement in 1942 by Srinivas Updhyaya Paniyadi, a banker and a press owner from Udupi. Mangalore is the largest and the chief city of Tulu Nadu. Tulu activists have been demanding a separate Tulu Nadu state since the late 2000s, considering language and culture as the basis for their demand.
Tulu Nadu was ruled by several major powers, including the Kadambas, Alupas, Vijayanagara dynasty, and the Keladi Nayakas. The region was unified with the state of Mysore (now called Karnataka) in 1956. The region encompassing Tulu Nadu formerly comprised the district of South Canara. Tulu Nadu is demographically and linguistically diverse with several languages commonly spoken and understood, including Tulu, Kundagannada, Konkani and Beary.
Distinct identity
According to the 1961 Census of India statistics, Tulu speakers (67.27 per cent) constituted the majority of the population of Dakshina Kannada, followed by Konkani (20.62 per cent). The predominant languages in Tulu Nadu are Tulu, Kundagannada, Konkani, Malayalam, and Beary, with Tulu being the lingua franca in Mangalore and major parts of Udupi district.
Hinduism is followed by a large number of the population, with Billavas, Devadigas, Bunts, Kulalas, Mogaveeras, Ganiga and Vokkaliga (Native Tuluvas). Kota Brahmins (Kannada), Koteshwara Brahmins (Kannada), Shivalli Brahmins, Sthanika Brahmins (Tulu), Vishwa Brahmins (Kannada, Tulu) Havyaka Brahmins (Havyakannada), Karhade Brahmins (Marathi) Goud Saraswat Brahmins (Konkani), Daivadnya Brahmins (Konkani), and Rajapur Saraswat Brahmins (Konkani) also form significant sections of the Hindu population.
Christians form a sizeable section of Mangalorean society, with Konkani-speaking Catholics, popularly known as Mangalorean Catholics, accounting for the largest Christian community in Tulu Nadu. Protestants in Tulu Nadu, known as Mangalorean Protestants, typically speak Kannada. Most Muslims in Tulu Nadu are Bearys, who speak Beary Bashe. There is also a sizeable community of landowners following Jainism, known as the Tulu Jains.
Reasons
As a result of the States Reorganisation Act (1956), South Canara (part of the Madras Presidency under the British) was incorporated into the dominion of the newly created Mysore State (now called Karnataka). Although Tulu Nadu has a distinct cultural and linguistic identity, a separate state was not created formed the independence. Tuluva activists had raised some serious issues on the development of Mangalore and Tulu Nadu. One of them was that the Karnataka State Government has been focusing only on the development of Bangalore, the capital of Karnataka, and its periphery, and cities such as Mangalore and Udupi in Tulu Nadu were grossly neglected. They also alleged that the Government had "totally neglected" Dakshina Kannada and Udupi districts. They alleged that Kerala Government too showed similar attitude towards the northern parts of Kasargod district.
The Tulu Rajya Horata Samiti, which is active in the Dakshina Kannada, Udupi, and Kasaragod districts advocate self-rule as the only solution for the much awaited developmental works of the region. The Samithi rejected the initiative of the Karnataka State Government to change the name of Mangalore as Mangaluru. It insisted that if it is changed it should be changed as Kudla. Other demands are renaming Mangalore International Airport as "Koti Chennaya International Airport". Samiti aims to create awareness among the Tulu speaking people with regard to the "inevitability of a separate state and enthusing them to fight for the cause."
In the early 21st century, the Tulu Nadu movement gained momentum in the region with support from notable Mangalorean Kannada poet Kayyara Kinyanna Rai and former Member of Parliament Ramanna Rai. In an interview, Kinyanna Rai said "political boundaries might not mean anything to people who were fighting for the survival of a language and its culture. Karnataka and Kerala governments spoke about "Tier-II cities" and the "Smart City" concept, but investment was not forthcoming". In another interview, Ramanna Rai said that "the work on the Mangalore–Bangalore railway line was completed after 35 years of its launch." They also said that "he would not accept the laying of a meter gauge line between the two cities and converting it into broad gauge as a development project particularly when there was no rail link for nine years."
In 2008, the former president of the Kannada Sahitya Parishat, Harikrishna Punaroor stated:
Mahajan Panel Report
The issue of bifurcation and merger of the northern part of Kasaragod district (to the north of the Chandragiri river) with Karnataka, as recommended by the Justice Mahajan Commission as early as in 1968, was discussed in Lok Sabha elections in 2004.
United Democratic Front (UDF) candidate N. A. Muhammed in an interview to The Hindu said they would not do anything that would distort or topple a bill favouring the implementation of the Mahajan Commission report. They also said that they would not press for implementation of the Mahajan Commission report but would certainly not act against it if such a bill was moved in the Parliament.
See also
Belgaum border dispute
Kaveri River water dispute
Gokak agitation
Tulu To 8th schedule
Black Day For Tulunad
Citations
References
Further reading
Tulu Nadu
Regionalism in India
In information security, computer security and network security, an asset is any data, device, or other component of the environment that supports information-related activities. Assets generally include hardware (e.g. servers and switches), software (e.g. mission critical applications and support systems) and confidential information. Assets should be protected from illicit access, use, disclosure, alteration, destruction, and/or theft, resulting in loss to the organization.
The CIA triad
The goal of information security is to ensure the confidentiality, integrity and availability (CIA) of assets from various threats. For example, a hacker might attack a system in order to steal credit card numbers by exploiting a vulnerability. Information Security experts must assess the likely impact of an attack and employ appropriate countermeasures. In this case they might put up a firewall and encrypt their credit card numbers.
Risk analysis
When performing risk assessment, it is important to weigh how much to spend protecting each asset against the cost of losing the asset. It is also important to take into account the chance of each loss occurring. Intangible costs must also be factored in. If a hacker makes a copy of all a company's credit card numbers it does not cost them anything directly but the loss in fines and reputation can be enormous.
See also
Countermeasure (computer)
Factor analysis of information risk
Information security management
IT risk
Risk factor
Risk management
References
External links
FISMApedia TERM
Data security
IT risk management
Reliability analysis
Security compliance
Qarawat Bani Zeid () is a Palestinian village in the Ramallah and al-Bireh Governorate, located 22 kilometers northwest of Ramallah in the northern West Bank. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics (PCBS), Qarawat Bani Zeid had a population of 2,915 inhabitants in 2007. Almost all of Qarawat Bani Zeid is under the complete control of the Palestinian National Authority, as it is located within Area A.
Situated close to the village mosque is the remains of a Roman pool, about 60 meters underground.
Etymology
Qarawat Bani Zeid is named after the Arab tribe of Bani Zeid, that settled in the town after the Muslim Ayyubid victory against the Crusaders in 1187. The "Qarawat" portion of the name comes from the Arabic word Qaran, which means "central point", originating from the site's location between the major cities of Nablus, Jericho and Jerusalem. There is also speculation that the name comes from Qira, which means "place that respects guests". According to Palmer, the name means "the towns of Ibn Zeid, in the Beni Zeid district."
Location
Qarawat Bani Zeid is located northwest of Ramallah. It is bordered by Bani Zeid ash Sharqiya to the east and to the south, Farkha and Bruqin to the north, and Kafr 'Ein to the west.
History
Potsherds from the IA I-II, IA II, lA II/ Persian, Persian, Hellenistic, Hellenistic/Roman, Roman, Byzantine, Crusader/Ayyubid and Mamluk eras have been found in the village.
Ottoman era
In 1517, the village was included in the Ottoman empire with the rest of Palestine, and in the 1596 tax-records it appeared as Qarawa, located in the nahiye of Quds (Jerusalem) in the sanjak of the Mutasarrifate of Jerusalem. The population was 32 households, all Muslim. They paid a tax rate of 33,3% on agricultural products, which included wheat, barley, olive trees, vineyards and fruit trees, occasional revenues, goats and beehives; a total of 24,000 Akçes. Potsherds from the early Ottoman era have also been found.
In 1838, it was described as a Muslim village, called Kurawa, in the Beni Zeid district, north of Jerusalem.
In 1869, Victor Guérin found the village to have 300 inhabitants. They also noted a fragment of an ancient pillar.
An official Ottoman village list of about 1870 showed that Karawa had a total of 48 houses and a population of 200, though the population count only included men.
In 1882, the PEF's Survey of Western Palestine (SWP) described is as "a small village on a knoll, with ancient tombs, and a tank, surrounded with olives."
In 1896 the population of Karawa was estimated to be about 312 persons.
British Mandate era
In the 1922 census of Palestine, conducted by the British Mandate authorities, Karawa Beni Zaid had a population of 274 Muslims, increasing in the 1931 census to 394, still all Muslims, in a total of 88 houses.
In the 1945 statistics the population was 500 Muslims, while the total land area was 5,100 dunams, according to an official land and population survey. Of this, 3,421 were allocated for plantations and irrigable land, 219 for cereals, while 21 dunams were classified as built-up areas.
Jordanian era
In the wake of the 1948 Arab–Israeli War, and after the 1949 Armistice Agreements, Qarawat Bani Zeid came under Jordanian rule.
The Jordanian census of 1961 found 928 inhabitants in Qarawat Bani Zeid.
Post-1967
Since the Six-Day War in 1967, Qarawat Bani Zeid has been under Israeli occupation.
After the 1995 accords, 99.7% of village land is classified as Area A, the remainder 0.3% is Area B. As of 2004, the village held no elections, but has a Village Council with representatives from each of the families who then choose a Mayor. Around 70% of the village supports the Palestinian People's Party (Communist Party), the rest support Fatah, Hamas or PFLP. About 60% of the workforce is unemployed.
Economy
Qarawat Bani Zeid's main economic sectors are agriculture and traditional industries. The village's land area consists of about 8,000 dunams, 30% of which is built-up area, another 30% is covered with crops or orchards and the remaining 40% consists of either unused land or roads. The main crops that are grown are lentils, vegetables, thyme (za'atar) and sage. Grapes, as well as olive and fig orchards are also grown in the village lands. Traditional industries include basket weaving from olive wood, wool and leather-making and food manufacturing, particularly cheese.
About 60% of the village's working population are unemployed. The 40% that are employed work mostly in farming, simple commerce or teaching. However, some inhabitants work in government offices in Ramallah. There are two mosques, a hammam, a library, a social club for teenagers and a women's club in Qarawat Bani Zeid.
Government
Qarawat Bani Zeid is governed by a village council. Elections are not held; rather, the council — which has representatives from the village's prominent families — select a mayor. The primary political faction is the Palestinian People's Party (PPP) and Fatah, Hamas and the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine (PFLP) have minor influence in the village.
References
Bibliography
External links
Welcome To Qarawat Bani Zeid
Survey of Western Palestine, Map 14: IAA, Wikimedia commons
Qarawat Bani Zeid Village (Fact Sheet), Applied Research Institute–Jerusalem (ARIJ)
Qarawat Bani Zeid Village Profile, ARIJ
Qarawat Bani Zeid, aerial photo, ARIJ
Locality Development Priorities and Needs in Qarawat Bani Zeid Village, ARIJ
Ramallah and al-Bireh Governorate
Villages in the West Bank
Municipalities of the State of Palestine
Bani Zeid
The apricot-breasted sunbird (Cinnyris buettikoferi) is a species of bird in the family Nectariniidae. It is endemic to the island of Sumba in Indonesia, where its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. Although it is quite common, very little is known about its biology, with virtually nothing known about its breeding or diet.
Taxonomy
German ornithologist Ernst Hartert first described the apricot-breasted sunbird with the scientific name Cinnyris büttikoferi in 1896, using a specimen collected on the Indonesian island of Sumba, which is part of the central Lesser Sunda Islands. It is a monotypic species, though it is sometimes considered conspecific with the olive-backed sunbird.
The genus name Cinnyris is from the Greek kinnuris (κιννυρις), the name given to a small (but unidentified) bird by the Greek author Hesychius. The species name honors Swiss zoologist Johann Büttikofer, who had described several females but refrained from naming them as a new species, as they hadn't seen any males.
Description
The apricot-breasted sunbird is a medium-sized sunbird, measuring in length. The male has an olive-brown back and neck with a greyer-brown crown, a somewhat glossy, blackish tail tipped with brown, and brown flight feathers edged in green. Their underparts are largely yellow, though from chin to upper breast is an iridescent purplish-blue, with an orange breast band caudal to that. The female is similar to the male, but their whole underside is yellow, with olive-green sides to the breast. Both sexes have blackish feet and dark brown irises. The male's bill is black, while the female's is dark brown. The juvenile is undescribed.
Range and habitat
Endemic to Sumba, the apricot-breasted sunbird is found at elevations ranging from sea level to at least .
Ecology
Though the apricot-breasted sunbird is common on Sumba, with an estimated population of 750,000, little is known about its biology. It is typically conspicuous, and generally found singly or in pairs. Though it forages primarily in the mid-storey to canopy (or occasionally lower), nothing is known about its diet. Its breeding is equally mysterious, with nothing known about courtship behaviour, nest, eggs or young.
Conservation status
Because of its large and apparently stable population, the apricot-breasted sunbird has been rated as a species of the least concern by the International Union for Conservation of Nature. Although it is confined to Sumba, it is found all across the island — an area of roughly .
References
apricot-breasted sunbird
Birds of Sumba
apricot-breasted sunbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Claude Benton Gillingwater (August 2, 1870 – November 1, 1939) was an American stage and screen actor. They first appeared on the stage then in more than 90 films between 1918 and 1939, including the Academy Award-nominated A Tale of Two Cities (1935) and Conquest (1937). They appeared in several films starring Shirley Temple, beginning with Poor Little Rich Girl (1936).
Early life
Gillingwater was born in Louisiana, Missouri. Though they studied law, they preferred not to follow in their father's footsteps and become a lawyer. They became a travelling salesperson for a wholesale firm, selling vinegar. While thus engaged, they joined a small theatrical company managed by David Belasco. Eight years later, Mary Pickford saw them act and secured them for their picture, Little Lord Fauntleroy (1921), which launched their film career.
Hollywood career
In later years, Gillingwater generally played curmudgeonly character roles. Their best-known role is probably Jarvis Lorry in David O'Selznick's production of A Tale of Two Cities (1935). They also appeared in Mississippi (1935), The Prisoner of Shark Island (1936) and A Yank at Oxford (1938). They proved to be an excellent crabapple foil for 20th Century Fox moppet star Shirley Temple in Poor Little Rich Girl (1936) and subsequently appeared in Just Around the Corner (1938) and Little Miss Broadway (1938).
Later years and death
In February, 1936, while filming Florida Special (1936) at Paramount studios, they fell from a platform, resulting in a severe back injury from which they never fully recovered. Their general health began to decline and their career was threatened. This, along with the death of their wife Carlyn in April 1937, left them extremely depressed.
On November 1, 1939, a housekeeper found Gillingwater dead, sitting in a chair inside a closet of their Beverly Hills, California home from a self-inflicted bullet wound to the chest. A suicide note stated they were worried about their failing health and the possibility of becoming an invalid. They did not want to become a burden to anyone, so they chose to take their own life. The death of the 69-year-old actor was officially ruled a suicide. Their cremated remains were interred at the Columbarium of Prayer, Niche 10628, in The Great Mausoleum at Forest Lawn Memorial Park, Glendale, California.
Their son, Claude Gillingwater, Jr., was also an actor.
Partial filmography
Wild Primrose (1918) - Standish
Little Lord Fauntleroy (1921) - Earl of Dorincourt
My Boy (1921) - The Captain
Fools First (1922) - Denton Drew
Dust Flower (1922) - Steptoe
Remembrance (1922) - John P. Grout
The Strangers' Banquet (1922) - Uncle Sam
The Christian (1923) - Lord Storm
Crinoline and Romance (1923) - Col. Charles E. Cavanaugh
Alice Adams (1923) - Virgil Adams
Three Wise Fools (1923) - Theodore Findley
Dulcy (1923) - Mr. Forbes
A Chapter in Them Life (1923) - Mr. Everingham
Tiger Rose (1923) - Hector McCollins
Souls for Sale (1923) - Himself (uncredited)
Daddies (1924) - James Crockett
How to Educate a Wife (1924) - Henry Bancks
Madonna of the Streets (1924) - Lord Patrington
Idle Tongues (1924) - Judge Daniel Webster Copeland
A Thief in Paradise (1925) - Noel Jardine
Cheaper to Marry (1925) - Riddle
Winds of Chance (1925) - Tom Linton
Seven Sinners (1925) - 'Pious Joe' McDowell
We Moderns (1925) - Sir Robert Sundale
Wages for Wives (1925) - Jim Bailey
That's My Baby (1926) - John Raynor
Into Them Kingdom (1926) - Ivan (their tutor)
For Wives Only (1926) - Professor von Waldstein
45 Minutes from Hollywood (1926, Short) - Old Man in Hotel Bed (uncredited)
Fast and Furious (1927) - Smithfield
Naughty but Nice (1927) - Judge J. R. Altewood
Barbed Wire (1927) - Jean Moreau
The Gorilla (1927) - Cyrus Townsend
Husbands for Rent (1927) - Sir Reginald Knight
The Little Shepherd of Kingdom Come (1928) - Major Buford
Women They Talk About (1928) - Grandfather Mervin
Oh, Kay! (1928) - Judge Appleton
Stark Mad (1929) - James Rutherford - Expedition Leader
Stolen Kisses (1929) - H.A. Lambert Sr.
Glad Rag Doll (1929) - Sam Underlane
Smiling Irish Eyes (1929) - Michael O'Connor
The Great Divide (1929) - Winthrop Amesbury
So Long Letty (1929) - Uncle Claude Davis
Dumbbells in Ermine (1930) - Uncle Roger
The Flirting Widow (1930) - Faraday
Kiss Me Again (1931) - Count de St. Cyr
Illicit (1931) - Ives Sr.
The Conquering Horde (1931) - Jim Nabours
Daddy Long Legs (1931) - Riggs
Gold Dust Gertie (1931) - John Aberdeen Arnold
Compromised (1931) - John Brock
Tess of the Storm Country (1932) - Frederick Garfield Sr
Ann Carver's Profession (1933) - Judge Bingham
The Avenger (1933) - Witt
Skyway (1933) - John Beaumont
I Loved a Woman (1933) - Banker (uncredited)
Before Midnight (1933) - John Fry
You Can't Buy Everything (1934) - Banker Asa Cabot
The Show-Off (1934) - J.B. Preston
City Limits (1934) - Oliver
Unknown Blonde (1934) - Papa Van Brunt, Sr.
In Love with Life (1934) - Morley
Green Eyes (1934) - Steven Kester
Back Page (1934) - Sam Webster
The Captain Hates the Sea (1934) - Judge Griswold
Broadway Bill (1934) - J.P. Chase
Strange Wives (1934) - Guggins
The Woman in Red (1935) - Grandpa Wyatt
Mississippi (1935) - General Rumford
Baby Face Harrington (1935) - Colton
Calm Yourself (1935) - Col. Allenby
Together We Live (1935) - Dick
A Tale of Two Cities (1935) - Jarvis Lorry Jr.
The Prisoner of Shark Island (1936) - Col. Jeremiah Milford Dyer
Florida Special (1936) - Simeon Stafford
Counterfeit (1936) - Tom Perkins
Ticket to Paradise (1936) - Robert Forbes
Poor Little Rich Girl (1936) - Simon Peck
Wives Never Know (1936) - Mr. Gossamer
Can This Be Dixie? (1937) - Col. Robert Peachtree
Top of the Town (1937) - William Borden
Conquest (1937) - Stephan (Marie's servant)
A Yank at Oxford (1938) - Ben Dalton
Little Miss Broadway (1938) - Judge
There Goes My Heart (1938) - Cyrus Butterfield
Just Around the Corner (1938) - Samuel G. Henshaw
Cafe Society (1939) - Old Christopher West
References
External links
1870 births
1939 deaths
20th-century American male actors
American male film actors
American male silent film actors
Male actors from Missouri
Suicides by firearm in California
People from Louisiana, Missouri
Burials at Forest Lawn Memorial Park (Glendale)
1939 suicides
Tokugoro Ito (1879-1938) was a Japanese judoka and professional wrestler. Ito was one of the founding fathers of mixed martial arts in Brazil.
Early years
Ito was an instructor of judo at Tokyo Imperial University in Japan. In 1911, Akitaro Ono and Tokugoro Ito joined Mitsuyo Maeda and Soshihiro Satake in Cuba. The four men were known as the "Four Kings of Cuba".
Wrestling
Ito's first wrestling match against someone was not Japanese occurred in 1909. Ito defeated American Wrestler Eddie Robinson. In 1914, Ito engaged in many matches. They initially lost but later defeated Ad Santel in a wrestling match. The loss was a result of Ito being thrown on their head by Santel. Ito at the time was a 5th degree black belt in judo. They additionally defeated Joe Acton.
Later years
In their later years they founded the Rafu Judo Dojo in Los Angeles. Their notable students included Tsutao Higami They were also the founder of the Seattle Dojo. Ito was also an instructor of Geo Omori and Sanpo Toku.
References
Sources
19th-century births
Place of birth missing
20th-century deaths
Japanese male judoka
Japanese jujutsuka
20th-century professional wrestlers
Japanese catch wrestlers
Japanese male mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists utilizing judo
Mixed martial artists utilizing jujutsu
Mixed martial artists utilizing catch wrestling
American male professional wrestlers
Japanese male professional wrestlers
The 1977 South Pacific Championships was an Association of Tennis Professionals men's tournament held on outdoor grass courts at the Milton Courts in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia that was part of the One-Star category of the 1977 Grand Prix tennis circuit. It was the fourth edition of the tournament and was held from 10 October until 16 October 1977. First-seeded Vitas Gerulaitis won the singles title.
Finals
Singles
Vitas Gerulaitis defeated Tony Roche 6–7(2–7), 6–1, 6–1, 7–5
It was Gerulaitis' 3rd singles title of the year and the 6th of their career.
Doubles
Vitas Gerulaitis / Bill Scanlon defeated Mal Anderson / Ken Rosewall 7–6, 6–4
References
External links
ITF tournament details
South Pacific Championships
South Pacific Championships, 1977
South Pacific Championships
South Pacific Championships
Sports competitions in Brisbane
Tennis in Queensland
Edgard Félix Pierre Jacobs (30 March 1904 – 20 February 1987), better known under their pen name Edgar P. Jacobs, was a Belgian comic book creator (writer and artist), born in Brussels, Belgium. They were one of the founding fathers of the Franco-Belgian comics movement, through their collaborations with Hergé and the graphic novel series that made them famous, Blake and Mortimer.
Biography
Edgar Félix Pierre Jacobs was born in Brussels in 1904. Jacobs remembered having drawn for as far back as their memory would go. Their real love though was for the dramatic arts and the opera in particular. In 1919 they graduated from the commercial school where their parents had sent him, and privately swore they would never work in an office. They kept on drawing in their spare time, focusing their greatest attention on musical and dramatic training. They took on odd jobs at the opera, including decoration, scenography, and painting, and sometimes got to work as an extra. In 1929 they received the annual Belgian government medal for excellence in classical singing. Financial good fortune did not follow, since the Great Depression hit the Brussels artistic community very hard.
After a career as extra and baritone singer in opera productions between 1919 and 1940 in Brussels and Lille, punctuated by small drawing commissions, Jacobs turned permanently to illustration, drawing commercial illustrations and collaborating in the children's weekly comic magazine Bravo until 1946, after they were introduced there by Jacques Laudy. This review or periodical was a smashing success, hitting a circulation of 300,000 at times.
When the American comic strip Flash Gordon was prohibited in Belgium by the German occupation authorities during World War II, they were asked to write an end to the comic in order to provide a denouement to the readers. German censorship banned this continuation after only a couple of weeks. Jacobs subsequently published their first comic strip in Bravo, Le Rayon U (The U Ray), largely in the same Flash Gordon style.
Around this time, they became a stage painter for a theatre adaptation for Hergé's Cigars of the Pharaoh. Although the play was only a modest success, it brought them into contact with Hergé and the two quickly become friends. As a direct result, they assisted Hergé in colorizing the black and white strips of The Shooting Star from Le Soir in preparation for book publication in 1942, and from 1944 on they helped them in the recasting of their earlier albums Tintin in the Congo, Tintin in America, King Ottokar's Sceptre and The Blue Lotus for color book publication. After the project, they continued to contribute directly in the drawing as well as the storyline for the new Tintin double-albums The Seven Crystal Balls/Prisoners of the Sun. Jacobs, as a fan of opera, decided to take Hergé with them to a concert. Hergé did not like opera, however, and for decades they would gently lampoon their friend Jacobs through the device of opera singer Bianca Castafiore, a supporting character in The Adventures of Tintin. Hergé also gave them tiny cameo roles in Tintin adventures, sometimes under the name Jacobini, for example in The Calculus Affair where Jacobini is the name of an opera singer advertised as starring alongside La Castafiore in Gounod's Faust, and as a mummified egyptologist on the cover of Cigars of the Pharaoh, as well as in the rewritten version. In a 1977 interview with the BBC (excerpted in 2016 on the Witness radio program/podcast), Hergé stated that Jacobs was part of their inspiration for the major character of Captain Haddock: "He [Jacobs] is just like Captain Haddock, full of movement...bursting into...invective."
In 1946, Jacobs was part of the team gathered by Raymond Leblanc around the new Franco-Belgian comics magazine Tintin, where their story Le secret de l'Espadon (The Secret of the Swordfish) was published on 26 September, the first of the Blake and Mortimer series.
In 1947, Jacobs asked to share the credit with Hergé on The Adventures of Tintin. When Hergé refused, their collaboration suffered a bit of a setback. Hergé still remained a friend however, and as before Blake et Mortimer continued to be serialised in Tintin magazine. In 1950, Jacobs published The Mystery of the Great Pyramid. Many others soon followed. Jacobs finally published in 1970 the first volume of The Three formulas of Professor Sato, which was staged in Japan.
In 1973 they restyled their first full-length album, Le Rayon U, and wrote their autobiography under the title Un opéra de papier: Les mémoires de Blake et Mortimer. They then wrote the scenario for the second episode of Les Trois Formules du Professeur Sato, but the artwork remained unfinished at the time of their death. Bob de Moor was drafted in to complete the album, which was published in 1990.
Jacobs has two stone sphinxes to commemorate him. One of them is in the Bois des Pauvres near Brussels, where their home used to stand, and the other one is over their tomb at the Lasne cemetery, also near Brussels. The cemetery sphinx has a "collar" beard, and their face looks a lot like Philip Mortimer, the protagonist of most of the Jacobs albums.
Jacobs' style varies greatly from one album to another. There are however many common threads, such as the theme of subterranean descent and the consistent Ligne claire drawing style.
Bibliography
Le Rayon U (The U Ray), in 1943
Le Secret de l'Espadon (The Secret of the Swordfish), in 1947 (3 volumes)
Le Mystère de la Grande Pyramide, (The Mystery of the Great Pyramid), in 1950 (2 volumes)
La Marque Jaune (The Yellow "M"), in 1953
L'Énigme de l'Atlantide (Atlantis Mystery), in 1955
S.O.S. Météores: Mortimer à Paris (S.O.S. Meteors), in 1958
Le Piège diabolique (The Time Trap) in 1960
L'Affaire du Collier (The Necklace Affair) in 1965
Les trois Formules du Professeur Sato: Mortimer à Tokyo (Mortimer in Tokyo) in 1970 (vol. 1). Vol. 2 Mortimer contre Mortimer (Mortimer versus Mortimer) completed by Bob De Moor, 1990
Awards
1971: Grand Prix Saint-Michel, Belgium
Sources
Guyard, Jean-Marc. Le Baryton du neuvième art. Bruxelles: Éditions Blake et Mortimer, 1996.
Jacobs, Edgar P. Un opéra de papier: Les mémoires de Blake et Mortimer. Paris: Gallimard, 1981.
Lenne, Gérard. L'Affaire Jacobs. Paris: Megawave, 1990.
Mouchart, Benoit. A l'ombre de la ligne claire: Jacques Van Melkebeke, le clandestin de la B.D. Paris: Vertige Graphic, 2002.
Mouchart, Benoît and Rivière, François La Damnation d'Edgar P. Jacobs, Seuil-Archimbaud, 2003.
Tzorken, Yann Le mystère Edgar P. Jacobs, Thebookedition, 2019.
Edgar P. Jacobs publications in Belgian ''Tintin and French Tintin BDoubliées
Footnotes
External links
E.P. Jacobs 2004 centenary memorial site
Blake et Mortimer official site on Dargaud
Edgar Pierre Jacobs biography on Lambiek Comiclopedia
1904 births
1987 deaths
Artists from Brussels
Belgian comics artists
Belgian comics writers
Belgian illustrators
Belgian opera singers
Tintin
Glogova is a commune in Gorj County, Oltenia, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Cămuiești, Cleșnești, Glogova, Iormănești (the commune centre) and Olteanu.
References
Communes in Gorj County
Localities in Oltenia
Place names of Slavic origin in Romania
Pascale Paradis defeated Patricia Hy in the final, 6–2, 6–1 to win the girls' singles tennis title at the 1983 Wimbledon Championships.
Seeds
Michelle Torres (third round)
Patty Fendick (quarterfinals)
Beverly Bowes (quarterfinals)
Sabrina Goleš (second round)
Patricia Hy (final)
Nathalie Herreman (semifinals)
Amanda Brown (third round)
Elizabeth Minter (first round)
Draw
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
References
External links
Girls' Singles
Wimbledon Championship by year – Girls' singles
State Road 9 in the U.S. State of Indiana is a long north–south state highway in the eastern portion of Indiana. Its southern terminus is near Columbus at State Road 46, and the northern terminus is at the Michigan/Indiana border between Howe, Indiana, and Sturgis, Michigan, where it continues as M-66.
Some of Indiana 9 is divided highway and even freeway, but Interstate 69 largely supplants it as all but a regional route between Huntington and Anderson.
Route description
Columbus to Shelbyville
SR 9 heads north from its southern terminus at State Road 46 (SR 46). SR 9 passes through Hope on the way to the eastern terminus of the western section of State Road 252 (SR 252). North of SR 252, SR 9 heads northeast then northwest toward Shelbyville. SR 9 enters Shelbyville from the south and has an intersection with State Road 44 (SR 44).
Shelbyville to Anderson
North of SR 44, SR 9 continues into downtown Shelbyville and then continues north passing over Interstate 74/U.S. Route 421. SR 9 heads north toward Greenfield, in Greenfield SR 9 has an intersection with U.S. Route 40 and an interchange with Interstate 70. Then SR 9 heads north toward Pendleton. In Pendleton SR 9 has a concurrency with U.S. Route 36 and State Road 67. Then SR 9 enters interstate 69 after enter the I-69, SR 9 exits at the next exit. Then SR 9 heads north toward downtown Anderson.
Anderson to Huntington
SR 9 passes east of downtown Anderson and heads north out of Anderson. SR 9 passes just east of Alexandria, then just north of Alexandria SR 9 has an intersection with State Road 28. Then SR 9 has an intersection with State Road 26, just west of Fairmount. Then SR 9 enters Marion, where SR 9 has an intersection with U.S. Route 35/State Road 22 followed by an intersection with State Road 37. Then just south of downtown Marion SR 9 has a concurrency with State Road 15. In downtown Marion SR 9 and SR 15 has an intersection with State Road 18. Then north of downtown Marion SR 15 turns northwest toward Wabash and SR 9 turns northeast toward Huntington. On the way to Huntington SR 9 passes near Mt. Etna. Then SR 9 enters Huntington on the southwest side of town.
Huntington to Columbia City
SR 9 bypasses Huntington on the west side of town, concurrent with U.S. Route 24. On the northeast side of Huntington US 24 and SR 9 have an intersection with U.S. Route 224 and State Road 5. Then SR 9 leaves the bypass on the north side of Huntington and heads north towards Columbia City, passing through an intersection with State Road 114 and State Road 14. SR 9 enters Columbia City on the south side of town. After it enters Columbia City SR 9 has a concurrency with State Road 205. The concurrency ends in downtown Columbia City at Old U.S. Route 30, where SR 205 turns east.
Columbia City to Michigan
SR 9 heads north out of downtown Columbia City. Before leaving Columbia City SR 9 has an intersection with U.S. Route 30. SR 9 heads north passing through an intersection with U.S. Route 33 and passing near Chain O'Lakes State Park. Then SR 9 enters Albion on the south part of town. In downtown Albion SR 9 has an intersection at the western terminus of State Road 8. SR 9 heads north out of Albion, then SR 9 has a concurrency with U.S. Route 6. It then heads north, passing through Rome City and Wolcottville. In Lagrange, SR 9 has an intersection with U.S. Route 20 and continues north towards the Michigan state line. Before the Michigan state line, SR 9 passes through an intersection with State Road 120 in Howe. Then just south of the Michigan state line, SR 9 has an intersection with the Indiana Toll Road (Interstate 80/Interstate 90). Then SR 9 crosses into Michigan as M-66 heading north toward Sturgis.
History
From 1917 to 1926 the current route of SR 9 was known as State Road 11. With the SR 9 given to a route that went from Linton to Brazil and a second section from Rockville to Old State Road 10.
Explanation of nickname
The nickname of State Road 9 is Highway of Vice Presidents, from Shelbyville to Columbia City. The reason for the name is that four of Indiana's six Vice Presidents lived in cities along the route:
Thomas A. Hendricks — Grover Cleveland's Vice President (1885) from Shelbyville
Thomas R. Marshall — Woodrow Wilson's Vice President (1913–1921) from Columbia City
J. Danforth Quayle — George H.W. Bush's Vice President (1989–1993) from Huntington
Michael R. Pence - Donald J. Trump's Vice President (2017—2021) from Columbus
Indiana's other two vice presidents are also honored by the highway nickname:
Schuyler Colfax — Ulysses S. Grant's Vice President (1869–1873) from South Bend
Charles W. Fairbanks — Theodore Roosevelt's Vice President (1905–1909) from Indianapolis
Major intersections
References
External links
009
Transportation in Shelby County, Indiana
Transportation in Hancock County, Indiana
Transportation in Madison County, Indiana
Transportation in Bartholomew County, Indiana
Transportation in Grant County, Indiana
Transportation in Huntington County, Indiana
Transportation in Hamilton County, Indiana
Transportation in Whitley County, Indiana
Transportation in Noble County, Indiana
Transportation in LaGrange County, Indiana
Rockbeare is a village and civil parish in the East Devon district of the county of Devon, England, located near Exeter Airport and the city of Exeter. "Whilst the name has nothing to do with either 'rocks' nor 'bears', it simply means 'rooks in the grove (of trees)'." "The parish comprises the hamlets of Marsh Green, Pithead, Allercombe, and Little Silver". The village, which is of small extent, is situated on the high road from Honiton to Exeter, and is an agricultural town. The land is nearly evenly divided between arable and pasture, with about 200 acres of common. According to the 2011 Census there were 431 males and 483 females living in the parish. "Rockbeare is written within the Broadclyst ward and electoral division, which is in the constituency of East Devon County Council".
"Rockbeare has a grade II* listed church dedicated to St Mary with St Andrew, Rockbeare and a football club called Rockbeare Rangers FC. Rockbeare Manor is a grade I listed building."
History
19th Century Rockbeare
Historically Rockbeare formed as part of East Budleigh A Hundred. During this period the population was 419 in 1801 and 404 in 1901."Rockbeare Manor, also known as 'Rock Wood' was given by the Bishop of Bath and Wells to Matilda, Countess of Gloucester in the reign of Edward III. From the Countess the manor passed to the abbey of Canonleigh, while at the Reformation it was acquired by the Sainthill family. The original house was built c. 1760-70 and owned by Sir John Duntze. About 1820 the house was remodelled with complete simplicity and refinement, possibly by Kendall of Exeter."
Chart1 shows the occupational status for the population in 1881, the general trend is that although most people were working in the services and agricultural sector, many worked in unspecified occupations.
"Rockbeare Court, beside the church, is a plain stuccoed late Georgian mansion. The church (St. Mary) is a melancholy exhibition of "restoration": it was almost entirely rebuilt in 1888 and is devoid of interest."
Post 1800
Roman links
Evidence for Rockbeare to have been part of a Roman settlement came from the University of Exeter's Archaeology team who have revealed new findings of how the county's inhabitants lived during the Roman period. The team also uncovered archaeological features and significant amounts of imported Roman pottery, along with locally made goods. The site was first discovered by metal detectorists Jim Wills and Dennis Hewings who reported their finds to archaeologist Danielle Wootton, who is the Devon Finds Liaison Officer (Antiquities Scheme). All of these findings suggest that people having lived in this area were influenced in some way by the Romans. It is questioned "whether the Dumnonii, the tribe who lived in the area now known as Devon, still retained their traditional identity rather than becoming entirely Romanised."
Geography
Climate
Rockbeare, as with the rest of the UK, experiences an oceanic climate (Köppen Cfb). Its southern location makes it one of the warmest parts in England. Mean average data has been sourced from the Met Office, data has been collected from the Exeter Airport climate station. Below are the annual average temperatures for Rockbeare and Exeter Airport area.
Economy
Most local businesses are located along London Rd. Rockbeare Quarry located above Allercombe, Upcott and Pithead was a former quarry used to produce gravel, cement, bricks, tar and stones until 1986.
The Cheeky Cow catering company "offers catering services to Exeter and Devon". The Cheeky Cow is located in the village of Rockbeare.
Cranbrook development
Cranbrook is located just north-west of the village of Rockbeare. This provides opportunity for a structure plan, following a development proposal that would incorporate the parish of Rockbeare.
The aim is to become a modern market town with close functional links with the other developments in the growth area, such as Skypark and Exeter Science Park. It is also envisioned to construct sustainable homes, as well as offer affordable housing for young families. As a result Rockbeare and Cranbrook would merge. Rockbeare, however, is strongly opposed as it would have to compromise 820 residential dwellings, one primary school, cemetery, sports and recreation facilities.
Culture and community
Rockbeare is surrounded by the rolling hills of Dartmoor along with a well-appointed manor "perfect for weddings and other occasions including celebration dinners, parties, corporate team building days and charity fundraisers." St. Mary's with St. Andrew's Church is the main church in the civil parish of Rockbeare. The former Independent Chapel located near the quarry has survived and been renamed to Marsh Green's village hall.
Transport
Exeter Airport is located approximately 2.9 miles south west of Rockbeare. Bus services to the city centre run hourly and are operated by Stagecoach.
Cranbrook offers a rail station with services run by South Western Railway to Exeter, London Waterloo, and Gillingham.
Education
Rockbeare Church of England Primary School was established in 1872. Following the July 2012 Ofsted inspection, the school was rated 2 "Good".
References
External links
Clyst Mission Community
Genuki
Villages in Devon
Civil parishes in Devon
East Devon District
Ekti Katha is a Bengali album of the Indian singer Shreya Ghoshal, released in 1999 by Indian label Sagarika. The songs are Bengali versions of popular Hindi film songs.
Track listing
References
External links
Shreya Ghoshal albums
1999 albums
Filmi albums
Daniel Daly Young (19 April 1899 – 1970) was a British comedian and film actor. They featured in a number of Mancunian Films productions often appearing with Frank Randle.
Selected filmography
Dodging the Dole (1936)
Calling All Crooks (1938)
Somewhere in England (1940)
Somewhere in Camp (1942)
Somewhere on Leave (1943)
Demobbed (1946)
Under New Management (1946)
Holidays with Pay (1948)
Cup-tie Honeymoon (1948)
School for Randle (1949)
Over the Garden Wall (1950)
It's a Grand Life (1953)
References
External links
1899 births
1970 deaths
British male film actors
British comedians
20th-century British male actors
British male comedy actors
20th-century British comedians
David John Briggs (born 26 January 1951, Melbourne, Australia) is an Australian musician, songwriter and record producer, best known as lead guitarist in the rock band Little River Band between 1976 and 1981, having joined the band when original lead guitarist Ric Formosa left.
Professional career
In 1976 they joined Little River Band. They wrote their hit single "Lonesome Loser" and co-wrote "Happy Anniversary".
Briggs also produced the rock band, Australian Crawl, and co-wrote their single "Hoochie Gucci Fiorucci Mama" with vocalist James Reyne. They produced Russell Morris' Almost Frantic album and started Rough Diamond Records with Ross Gardiner, a Melbourne-based music writer, which was distributed through Astor Records and then PolyGram. They signed the band No Fixed Address which was one of the first contemporary Aboriginal bands to record in Australia. Subsequently, the single "We Have Survived" was released, which was launched by Bob Hawke, the Prime Minister of Australia at the time. Briggs has also produced songs for artists, released on Rough Diamond.
Briggs works as a recording engineer and producer in Melbourne. Has worked on numerous records since starting the Production Workshop Recording Studio in 1979. Since 2002 they have been a lecturer at Victoria University, Melbourne, teaching Applied Acoustic Design and Advanced Digital Audio.
References
External links
1951 births
Living people
Australian guitarists
Australian songwriters
Australian record producers
Little River Band members
Musicians from Melbourne
People educated at Wesley College (Victoria)
Victoria University, Melbourne faculty
Lists of medical abbreviations
Jack Shalloo is an English actor and singer. They have acted in musical theatre as Lewis in Our House, Hamlet in Hamlet The Musical and Pete in Departure Lounge. As a singer, Shalloo released the album London Soul in 2011.
Life and career
Shalloo was born in Hornchurch, Essex. They trained at Colin's Performing Arts School, London. In 2008, Shalloo had the role of Lewis in Our House. In 2010, they went on to play the role of Pete in the musical Departure Lounge, by Dougal Irvine, at the Waterloo East Theatre alongside Steven Webb, Chris Fountain, Verity Rushworth and Liam Tamne. In 2011, they earned a role in The Kissing Dance, with music by Howard Goodall. They also held the title role as Hamlet in Hamlet The Musical at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe and again in 2011 on a tour of South England.
In 2011, they released their debut album "London Soul". An album of 9 songs, it debuted on BBC Northamptonshire in May 2011, where Hamlet The Musical opened its tour.
Career
Film
Television
Theatre
YouTube
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
People from Romford
English male television actors
English male stage actors
On 8 September 2014, a fire extinguisher bomb exploded in the Escuela Militar metro station in Santiago, Chile, injuring 14 people, several seriously. Though no group or individual has claimed responsibility, the attacks have been attributed to the Chilean Anarchist group, Conspiracy of Cells of Fire.
Background
Since 2005, more than 200 explosive related incidents have been reported to have occurred. In 2009, an improvised explosive device exploded in the bag of a 27-year-old man, killing them instantly.
Since the beginning of 2014, there have been 29 bombs uncovered in Chile. Most of the bombs were filled with gunpowder but did not explode and the few that did, did not cause any injuries. In August, President Michelle Bachelet appointed a special prosecutor to investigate the threat of future bombings.
Santiago has experienced 10 bombings in 2014, and over 200 between 2004 and 2014, with few casualties. Many of the incidents, which mostly occur at night in empty streets, are claimed by groups giving themselves names associated with anarchism, others may be carried out by anti-American groups, indigenous rights groups, or anti-capitalism groups. Most of the explosive devices are small, designed to make noise, although capable of injuring or killing.
Attack
The explosion occurred during the lunch hour rush in the subway station. The bomb was a fire extinguisher filled with gunpowder on a timer left inside of a trash can. 14 people were injured including a 61-year-old woman who had to have their finger amputated due to shrapnel damage along with others who were hospitalized due to serious injuries.
Aftermath
After the attack subway service was temporarily stopped but then continued on although the station were the explosion occurred, was closed. The Carabiniers of Chile responded with their bomb squad and special investigators in order to gather evidence and the national government also requested the assistance of foreign security agencies in identifying the bombers. In response to the new attacks, the national government announced that they would be invoking Chile's controversial Anti-terror law which allows for longer detention without charge, the use of wiretaps, and confidential witnesses. The bombing also raised concerns about whether more explosions would occur in the days nearing the anniversary of the dictatorship of Augusto Pinochet. On September 9, the police announced that they had one suspect that had been captured on security footage placing the bomb.
Arrests
On 22 September 2014, three men were arrested in a police raid related to the incident. The suspects identified as Juan Flores Riquelme, Guillermo Durán Méndez and Nataly Casanova Muñoz. According to the authorities gunpowder and other bomb making materials were found in the suspects' homes, with Requelme being the mastermind behind the organisation. The suspects were officially charged with the crime on September 23. Despite the evidence presented by the authorities, the suspects denied any involvement in the incident.
Related incidents
Between 9 and 10 September 2014, two improvised bombs exploded in the Chilean resort town of Vina del Mar. On the night of September 9, a bomb detonated inside a supermarket, injuring one woman. The bomb consisted of a plastic bottle filled with aluminum and hydrochloric acid, was placed inside a trash can. The bomb exploded after the local janitor attempted to empty the trash can. The second device detonated inside the Open Plaza mall's bathroom.
On 25 September 2014, a homemade explosive device detonated inside a man's bag while they were carrying it. The victim was later identified as 29-year-old Sergio Landskron Silva. In the aftermath of the explosion Silva remained engulfed in flames while laying on the sidewalk. Bystanders and police officers failed to assist the victim, fearing that a second explosive device remained in their bag. Silva was pronounced dead several minutes after being transferred to a hospital. According to Silva's brother, they have been living on the streets for a prolonged period of time, while struggling with drug addiction. Silva was allegedly planning to plant the bomb in the Yungay neighborhood of Santiago.
Reactions
– President Michelle Bachelet called the attack "A cowardly act because it has as its objective to hurt people, create fear and even kill innocent people" The government spokesperson, Alvaro Elizalde, called the attack an "act of terrorism" and vowed that the Chilean government would capture those responsible.
See also
Terrorism in Chile
List of terrorist incidents
References
Attacks in South America in 2014
Terrorist incidents in Chile
2014 crimes in Chile
2010s in Santiago, Chile
Crime in Santiago, Chile
September 2014 crimes in South America
Terrorist incidents in South America in 2014
Alleyn Prospere (birth 10 October 1979 in St Lucia) is a former Saint Lucian cricketer who played for the Saint Lucia national cricket team in Stanford 20/20 in West Indian domestic cricket. They played as a right-handed batsman as well as right-arm offbreak bowler.
References
External links
Player profile and statistics at CricketArchive
Player profile and statistics at ESPNcricinfo
1982 births
Living people
Saint Lucian cricketers
Windward Islands cricketers
Return Ticket () is a 2011 Chinese drama film directed by Teng Yung-shin.
Cast
Li Bin Bin as Guozi
Qin Hailu as Cai Li
Yiquan Shen 沈弈铨 as Jiuzi
Qun Tang 唐群
References
External links
2011 films
2011 drama films
Chinese drama films
2010s Mandarin-language films
Ștefan cel Mare is a commune in Argeș County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Glavacioc and Ștefan cel Mare.
References
Communes in Argeș County
Localities in Muntenia
Palestine Independent School District is a public school district based in Palestine, Texas (USA) that serves approximately 3,500 students in central Anderson County.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.
Schools
Palestine High School (Grades 9–12)
Palestine Junior High (Grades 7–8)
A. M. Story Elementary School (Grades 4-6)
Southside Elementary School (Grades 2-3)
Northside Primary School (Grades K-1)
Washington Early Childhood Center (EE, PK)
Students
Ethnicity
Students during the 2006–2007 school year:
Total: 3,405 (100.0%)
White: 1,311 (38.5%)
Hispanic: 1,062 (31.2%)
African American: 996 (29.3%)
Asian/Pacific Islander: 30 (0.9%)
Native American: 6 (0.2%)
Grade level
Students during the 2006–2007 school year:
Early Childhood Education and Pre-Kindergarten: 181 (5.3%)
Elementary (K-5): 1,579 (46.4%)
Middle School (6–8): 720 (21.1%)
High School (9–12): 925 (27.2%)
Class of 2006 Graduates: 187
Other statistics
Economically Disadvantaged (2006–2007): 65.1% (2,217)
Annual Dropout Rate, Grades 7–12 (2005–2006): 3.1%
Average SAT Score (Class of 2006): 1013
Average ACT Score (Class of 2006): 21.2
Leadership
Palestine ISD is led by a superintendent chosen by the Board of Trustees. The board named Dr. Thomas A. Wallis, former principal of Mabank High School, as superintendent beginning in the 2008–2009 school year.
Board of Trustees
Mr. Michael Bennett, President
Mr. Ricky Ferguson, Vice President
Rev. Wade Hobbs, Secretary
Mr. Chuck Grissaffi
Ms. Dana Staples
Ms. Janie Sepulveda
Ms. Dyna Tutt
References
External links
School districts in Anderson County, Texas
Palestine, Texas
Brian Schumacher (born 14 May 1960) is a British boxer. They competed in the men's middleweight event at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
Schumacher won the 1981 and 1984 Amateur Boxing Association British middleweight title, when boxing for the Royal Navy.
References
External links
1960 births
Living people
British male boxers
Olympic boxers of Great Britain
Boxers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Boxers from Liverpool
Middleweight boxers
Odododiodio is one of the constituencies represented in the Parliament of Ghana. It elects one Member of Parliament (MP) by the first past the post system of election.
At the by-election held on the 30 August 2005, Jonathan Nii Tackie Komey (NDC) won with a majority of 8,377 to replace Samuel Nii Ayi Mankattah also of the NDC who had died earlier.
Boundaries
The seat is located entirely within the Accra Metropolitan Area in turn within the Greater Accra Region of Ghana.
Members of Parliament
Elections
See also
List of Ghana Parliament constituencies
Parliamentary constituencies in the Greater Accra Region
References
Parliamentary constituencies in the Greater Accra Region
Al-Ahram (; The Pyramids), founded on 5 August 1875, is the most widely circulating Egyptian daily newspaper, and the second oldest after al-Waqa'i`al-Masriya (The Egyptian Events, founded 1828). It is majority owned by the Egyptian government, and is considered a newspaper of record for Egypt.
Given the many varieties of Arabic language, Al-Ahram is widely considered an influential source of writing style in Arabic. In 1950, the Middle East Institute described Al-Ahram as being to the Arabic-reading public within its area of distribution, "What The Times are to Englishmen and The New York Times to Americans", however it has often been accused of heavy influence and censorship by the Egyptian government.
In addition to the main edition published in Egypt, the paper publishes two other Arabic-language editions, one geared to the Arab world and the other aimed at an international audience, as well as editions in English and French.
History
Al-Ahram was founded in Alexandria in 1875 by two Lebanese Melkite Christian brothers, and Saleem Takla. It began as a weekly newspaper published every Saturday. Its first issue appeared on 5 August 1876. The paper was relaunched as a daily newspaper in January 1881.
Its headquarters was in Alexandria until November 1899 when it was moved to Cairo. Initially the Cairo and Alexandria editions remained separate but later there became only one out of the new headquarters. The newspaper was distributed in Egypt and the Levant. The religious innovators Muhammad Abduh and Jamal al-Din al-Afghani were early writers of the newspaper. Upon the death of Beshara Takla, Daud Barakat, a Lebanese journalist, was named editor of the daily in 1901. In the early 1920s Muhib Al Din Al Khatib, a Syrian journalist, served as the editor of the paper.
Under Heikal
President Gamal Abdel Nasser made their friend Mohamed Hassanein Heikal editor-in-chief of al-Ahram in 1957, and the paper gained semi-official status. On 24 May 1960, it was nationalized when Nasser passed a law eliminating the ownership of private newspapers. Under Nasser, al-Ahram became an internationally respected paper. It moved to a new headquarters in Bulaq in the 1960s.
Heikal was known for high standard of production quality and contacted Linotype in 1965 seeking to acquire state-of-the-art Elektron linecastes.
The circulation of the paper was between 45,000 and 50,000 copies in 1937 whereas it was 90,000 copies in 1947. In 1976 the paper had a circulation of 520,000 copies, making it the second most read daily in Egypt after Al Akhbar. Al Ahrams circulation in 2000 was 1.2 million copies.
Profile and editions
Al-Ahram daily is the flagship of what is now the Al-Ahram publishing house, the largest in Egypt. Al-Ahrams headquarters is in Boulaq, Cairo. Its content was controlled by the Egyptian Ministry of Information.
The pan-Arab Arabic-language edition of the paper, called Al Ahram Al Arabiya, is destined for readers in the Arab World and the Egyptian expatriates in Arab countries. It is published daily in Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, UAE and distributed in Egypt and Arab states of the Persian Gulf. Arabic weekly, Al Ahram Al Arabi, which was launched in 1997 is another publication of the publishing house.
An international Arabic-language edition called Al Ahram al Duwali has been published daily in London since 1984. It is printed in both London and Paris and is distributed throughout Europe, USA, Canada and Egypt.
Two foreign-language weekly versions are also produced: the English Al-Ahram Weekly (founded in 1991) and the French Al-Ahram Hebdo.
Al-Ahram produces a continually updated news website in the English language at english.ahram.org.eg, called Ahram Online. It also has an Arabic news website which was the 20th mostly visited website for 2010 in the MENA region. It was named as the most popular news portal in the Arab world in the period from 31 August 2011 to 31 August 2012 by Forbes Middle East.
Ownership and government influence
Al-Ahram is owned by the Al-Ahram Foundation which is managed by the Egyptian government's "Supreme Council of Press". Al-Ahram is one of the largest circulating newspapers in the world. Long-term editor of the daily Mohammad Hassanein Haykal was the confidant of Nasser and also, the semi-official voice of the Egyptian government when they were in office.
The Egyptian government owns a controlling share of the stocks of the paper and appoints the editors. As appointees of the state, little censorship is exercised over them; it is understood that they are loyal to the state. Under President Hosni Mubarak, Al-Ahram largely ignored, and trivialised the opposition parties to Mubarak's ruling National Democratic Party, and did not publish much direct criticism of the government.
The Anti-Defamation League, in a review of Arab newspapers in 2005, stated that Al-Ahram "is given substantial leeway" by the government so long as they avoid "certain 'taboos'." Reporters Without Borders, in their 2005 report on press freedom in Egypt, reported that editorials in many newspapers, including Al-Ahram, had become increasingly critical of the National Democratic Party's control of the government, and the corruption of the Mubarak regime. In an interview with Reporters Without Borders, Abdel Halim Qandil, editor of the weekly magazine Al-Arabi, said that the government interfered with independent operation of Al-Ahram by controlling the printing presses and appointing the editors.
Al-Ahram generated controversy in September 2010 when an Egyptian blogger, Wael Khalil, revealed that the newspaper had altered a photo of Middle East leaders walking with United States President Barack Obama so that instead of Obama leading the group, Egyptian President Mubarak was placed in the front when they were actually walking in the rearmost position. Osama Saraya, Al-Ahram's editor-in-chief, defended the altered photo, stating that it was meant to underscore Egypt's leading role in the peace process: "The expressionist photo is... a brief, live and true expression of the prominent stance of President Mubarak in the Palestinian issue, their unique role in leading it before Washington or any other."
Notable writers and editors
Mohamed Hassanein Heikal was the long-term editor-in-chief of Al Ahram. They served in the post between August 1957 and 1974. Ali Amin served as editor-in-chief between 1974 and 1976. From 1978 to July 2006 Ibrahim Nafie was the editor-in-chief of Al Ahram. They also served as the chairperson of the daily until 2005. Nafie was replaced by Osama Saraya as editor-in-chief in July 2005. In August 2012, Abdel Nasser Salama was appointed editor-in-chief of the paper by the Egyptian Shura Council. in May 2017 Alaa Thabet became the editor-in-chief of the paper.
Notable writers include:
Fekry Abaza
Shahid Alam
Khalid Amayreh
Azmi Bishara
Hamid Dabashi
Sabah Hamamou
Mohamed Hassanein Heikal served as editor-in-chief
Taha Hussein
Yusuf Idris
Naguib Mahfouz (1911–2006), awarded the 1988 Nobel Prize in Literature
Anis Mansour
Joseph Massad
Salama Moussa
Ihsan Abdel Quddous
Edward Said
Ahdaf Soueif
References
Bibliography
Merrill, John C. and Harold A. Fisher. The world's great dailies: profiles of fifty newspapers (1980) pp 51–58
External links
Al-Ahram Digital
Edinburgh Middle East Report
Al Ahram US
1875 establishments in Egypt
Arabic-language newspapers
Daily newspapers published in Egypt
Mass media in Alexandria
Newspapers established in 1875
Newspapers published in Cairo
State media
The 1934 Washington Senators played 154 games, won 68, lost 86, and finished in seventh place in the American League. They were managed by Joe Cronin and played home games at Griffith Stadium. In the eighth inning of their game against the Boston Red Sox on June 9, the Washington Senators hit 5 consecutive doubles – the most ever hit consecutively during the same inning.
Regular season
Season standings
Record vs. opponents
Notable transactions
May 9, 1934: Bob Boken was traded by the Senators to the Chicago White Sox for Red Kress.
Roster
Player stats
Batting
Starters by position
Note: Pos = Position; G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Other batters
Note: G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Pitching
Starting pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Other pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Relief pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; SV = Saves; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Farm system
Notes
References
1934 Washington Senators at Baseball-Reference
1934 Washington Senators team page at www.baseball-almanac.com
Minnesota Twins seasons
Washington Senators season
Wash
HSDC, or Hubbard Street Dance Chicago, is a dance company based in Chicago, Illinois.
It may also refer to:
Havant and South Downs College, a college in Hampshire, United Kingdom
Haryana Seeds Development Corporation, an Indian government-based seed production company
Hawaii was admitted to the Union on August 21, 1959, and elects U.S. senators to Classes 1 and 3. Seven people including only one Republican have served as a U.S. senator from Hawaii. The state's current U.S. senators are Democrats Brian Schatz and Mazie Hirono. Hawaii's Class 1 seat is the only one in the United States that has always been held by an ethnic minority. Its Class 3 seat is the only one in the United States that has always been held by a member of the Democratic Party. Hawaii last elected a Republican in 1970, which has resulted in the longest streak in the nation for a state's having all-Democratic senators.
List of senators
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=9 | 1
| rowspan=9 align=left nowrap | Hiram Fong
| rowspan=9 | Republican
| rowspan=9 nowrap | August 21, 1959 –January 3, 1977
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1959.
| rowspan=3 | 1
|
| rowspan=2 | 1
| rowspan=2 | Elected in 1959.Retired.
| rowspan=2 nowrap | August 21, 1959 –January 3, 1963
| rowspan=2 | Democratic
| rowspan=2 align=right nowrap | Oren E. Long
! rowspan=2 | 1
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 2
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1962.
| rowspan=27 nowrap | January 3, 1963 –December 17, 2012
| rowspan=27 | Democratic
| rowspan=27 align=right nowrap | Daniel Inouye
! rowspan=27 | 2
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1964.
| rowspan=3 | 2
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 3
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1968.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1970.Retired.
| rowspan=3 | 3
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 4
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1974.
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=7 | 2
| rowspan=7 align=left nowrap | Spark Matsunaga
| rowspan=7 | Democratic
| rowspan=7 nowrap | January 3, 1977 –April 15, 1990
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1976.
| rowspan=3 | 4
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 5
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1980.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1982.
| rowspan=3 | 5
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=5 | 6
| rowspan=5 | Re-elected in 1986.
|- style="height:2em"
| Re-elected in 1988.Died.
| rowspan=5 | 6
| rowspan=3
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| April 15, 1990 –May 16, 1990
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=14 | 3
| rowspan=14 align=left nowrap | Daniel Akaka
| rowspan=14 | Democratic
| rowspan=14 nowrap | May 16, 1990 –January 3, 2013
| rowspan=3 | Appointed to continue Matsunaga's term.Elected to finish Matsunaga's term.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 7
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1992.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1994.
| rowspan=3 | 7
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 8
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1998.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2000.
| rowspan=3 | 8
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 9
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2004.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=5 | Re-elected in 2006.Retired.
| rowspan=5 | 9
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3
| rowspan=5 | 10
| Re-elected in 2010.Died.
|- style="height:2em"
|
| nowrap | December 17, 2012 –December 26, 2012
| colspan=3 | Vacant
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Appointed to continue Inouye's term.Elected November 4, 2014 to finish Inouye's term.
| rowspan=6 nowrap | December 26, 2012 –Present
| rowspan=6 | Democratic
| rowspan=6 align=right nowrap | Brian Schatz
! rowspan=6 | 3
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=6 | 4
| rowspan=6 align=left nowrap | Mazie Hirono
| rowspan=6 | Democratic
| rowspan=6 nowrap | January 3, 2013 –Present
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 2012.
| rowspan=3 | 10
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 11
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2016.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2018.
| rowspan=3 | 11
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=2 | 12
| rowspan=2 colspan=5 | To be determined in the 2022 election.
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=5 | To be determined in the 2024 election.
| 12
|
Living former senators
, there are no living former U.S. senators from Hawaii. The last living former senator and the most recently serving was Daniel Akaka (served 1990–2013), who died April 6, 2018.
Superlatives
Longest service
Shortest service
Excluding incumbents
Youngest at beginning of service
Oldest at end of service
See also
List of United States representatives from Hawaii
United States congressional delegations from Hawaii
Elections in Hawaii
External links
Members of Congress from Hawaii, govtrack.us
U.S. Senate members from Hawaii, civil.services
United States senators
Hawaii
Manuel Orantes was the defending champion, but did not participate this year.
Rolf Gehring won the title, defeating Christophe Freyss 6–2, 0–6, 6–2, 6–2 in the final.
Seeds
Víctor Pecci (second round)
Wojtek Fibak (first round)
Markus Günthardt (second round)
Terry Moor (quarterfinals)
Tom Okker (first round)
Rolf Gehring (champion)
Thomaz Koch (first round)
Chris Lewis (second round)
Draw
Final
Section 1
Section 2
External links
1980 Bavarian Tennis Championships Singles draw
Singles
Lorenzo Costa (1460 – 5 March 1535) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance.
Biography
They were born at Ferrara, but moved to Bologna by their early twenties, and was probably influenced by the Bolognese School. However, many artists worked in both cities, and thus some consider them a product of the School of Ferrara. It is possible that they trained with Cosimo Tura.
In 1483 they painted the famous Bentivoglio Altarpiece and other frescoes on the walls of the Bentivoglio chapel in San Giacomo Maggiore.
They were a great friend of Francesco Francia, who was much influenced by him. In 1509 they moved to Mantua to become the court painter of Marquis Francesco Gonzaga and Isabella d'Este. For the latter's studiolo in the Ducal Palace, they painted the Allegory of Isabella d'Este's Coronation (now at the Louvre) and the Reign of Comus, two mythological paintings based on Mantegna's drawings.
They died at Mantua in 1535. Their sons Ippolito and Girolamo were also painters, as was Girolamo's son, Lorenzo the Younger. Contemporaries who worked with or under them include Cosimo Tura, Dosso Dossi, Ludovico Mazzolino, Lorenzo Leonbruno, and Niccolò Pisano.
References
Attribution
External links
Lorenzo Costa at the Louvre.
1460 births
1535 deaths
15th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
16th-century Italian painters
Italian Renaissance painters
Painters from Bologna
Painters from Ferrara
2021 British shadow cabinet reshuffle may refer to:
May 2021 British shadow cabinet reshuffle
November 2021 British shadow cabinet reshuffle
Denis Legersky (born March 25, 1987 in Liptovský Mikuláš, Czechoslovakia) is a Slovak ice hockey player and coach. Currently, they are a coach of the Hockey Club Davos, Switzerland. Before, they coached at Banská Bystrica and Liptovsky Mikulas (Slovakia). They played in the Turkish Ice Hockey Super League (TBHSL) for Izmir BB GSK and served as the assistant coach of the Turkey men's national ice hockey team. The tall left wing player at shoots right-handed.
Playing career
Club
Denis Legersky played in the U-18 team of Slovak club MHk 32 Liptovský Mikuláš between 2003-2005, and in the U-20 team from 2005 to 2007 before they became member of the senior team in the Slovak Extraliga. After playing a short time for MHK Ružomberok in the Slovak 1.Liga, they transferred to HK Ruzinov 99 Bratislava to take part in the U-20 and seniors team. Between 2008 and 2010, Legersky was with HC Dukla Senica, and then in the 2010-11 season with their first club MHk 32 Liptovský Mikuláš in the Slovak 1.Liga.
In 2011, they moved to Turkey to play for the Ankara-based Başkent Yıldızları, which competes in the Turkish Ice Hockey Super League (TBHSL). Their team finished the 2012–13 season as league champion, and they were named Top Scorer with 75 points (42 goals, 33 assists) as well as the Most Valuable Player of the season. Legersky participated as playing-coach at the IIHF Continental Cup 2013 - Group A matches in Miercurea Ciuc, Romania, and scored four goals in three games for Başkent Yıldızları. In the 2013-2014 season, they were transferred by İzmir Büyükşehir Belediyesi GSK, which finished the league season unbeaten champion. They were named the Most Valuable Player of the season again.
International
A scandal arose on February 8, 2014 when the Turkish Ice Hockey Federation allowed them to play in the friendly match against Bosnia and Herzegovina in the jersey of Ogün Uzunali, although they do not possess Turkish citizenship, and they were declared as an assistant coach only for the game. The President of the Turkish Federation stated that Legersky's participation in the game as player was in fully compliance with the Bosnian and Herzegovinian officials in exchange for their also non-citizen coaching player.
Coaching career
Denis Legersky was appointed playing coach at Başkent Yıldızları in the 2012-13 season, one year after they joined the team. For the 2014 IIHF World Championship Division II - Group B matches, they were admitted to the Turkey men's national ice hockey team as the assistant coach.
Honors
Individual
Most Valuable Player 2012–13 Turkish Ice Hockey Super League with Başkent Yıldızları
Top Scorer 2012–13 Turkish Ice Hockey Super League with Başkent Yıldızları
Most Valuable Player 2013–14 Turkish Ice Hockey Super League with İzmir Büyükşehir Belediyesi GSK
Club
Champion 2012–13 Turkish Ice Hockey Super League (TBHSL) with Başkent Yıldızları
Champion 2013–14 Turkish Ice Hockey Super League (TBHSL) with İzmir Büyükşehir Belediyesi GSK
References
1987 births
Sportspeople from Liptovský Mikuláš
Slovak ice hockey left wingers
MHk 32 Liptovský Mikuláš players
Expatriate ice hockey players in Turkey
Slovak expatriates in Turkey
Başkent Yıldızları players
Slovak ice hockey coaches
Living people
Abdul Reza Majdpour (, born 8 August 1952) is an Iranian water polo player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1976 Summer Olympics.
References
1952 births
Living people
Iranian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Iran
Water polo players at the 1976 Summer Olympics
People from Tehran
Asian Games gold medalists for Iran
Asian Games medalists in water polo
Water polo players at the 1974 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1974 Asian Games
International Media Support (IMS) is an international NGO located in Copenhagen, Denmark, working to support local media in countries affected by armed conflict, human insecurity and political transition. It works in 41 countries to improve professional journalism and help media personnel to operate under difficult circumstances. The group works to promote freedom of expression and freedom of the press, in order to reduce conflict, strengthen democracy and bring about dialogue.
IMS was established in 2001 in the wake of violence and killings in Rwanda and the former Yugoslavia. In the 1990s, IMS members believe these and other conflicts saw media being manipulated and used as a tool to fuel violent conflict. IMS was set up in response, with an aim to helping local media working in conflict-affected areas to remain operative and professional. The group works in partnership with local media and media support organisations, nationally and internationally, to identify and react rapidly and flexibly to the needs of local media. This can include help with media laws and media reforms, skills training, technical support and the protection of journalists. The group advocates media rights and monitors for violations, supporting community, exiled and alternative media, and works with media professionals within and across borders to promote knowledge exchange and cooperation.
The group aims to undertake its work through cooperation and collaboration, seeking to encourage maximum coordination with existing local and international initiatives.
Various examples of IMS's work have been reported by other news organisations. In 2021 The Guardian interviewed an Afghan female journalist who had been targeted by the Taliban in their home province and was now living in a safe house established by IMS in Kabul.
References
External links
Freedom of expression organizations
Organizations established in 2001
International journalism organizations
International organizations based in Denmark
Sinn Sathorn Tower () is a skyscraper in Thonburi side, Bangkok. The total height of is 44 floors, located at 77/8 Krung Thon Buri Road, Khlong Ton Sai Subdistrict, Khlong San District near the foot of Taksin Bridge, with total area of 120,000 square meters. Construction started in 1989. Completed in 1993, there were 255 units, each with a living area of 170. The square meter is 352 square meters, the cost is 2,000 million baht by Sinn Estate Property Co., Ltd. together with many other companies. It was once the tallest building in Thailand, and the tallest on the Thonburi side until taken over by The River in 2011.
Today, Sinn Sathorn Tower is the 34st tallest building in Thailand. It was opened as a rental building. The location of the commercial offices, in 1997 was used as a filming location for the James Bond series, Tomorrow Never Dies by assuming the head office of Elliot Carver (Jonathan Pryce) in Saigon, Vietnam, where James Bond (Pierce Brosnan) jumped from the top of the building, along with Wai Lin (Michelle Yeoh) by the handcuffs. This is another highlight scene in the film.
Nearby places
Krung Thonburi BTS Station
Wongwian Yai Station
Taksin Bridge (Sathon Bridge)
See also
List of the tallest buildings in Thailand
References
Skyscrapers in Bangkok
Khlong San district
Skyscraper office buildings
1989 establishments in Thailand
The AFI's 100 Years… series was a series of annual lists from 1998 to 2008 by the American Film Institute—typically accompanied by CBS television specials—celebrating the century of American cinema.
As a centennial celebration of cinematic milestones, the series intended to inspire discussion and public interest in classical Hollywood cinema. As such, each list only included feature-length American films that were typically released before 2005. AFI defined "American film" as an "English language motion picture with significant creative and/or financial production elements from the United States;" and "feature-length film" as a "motion picture of narrative format that is typically over 60 minutes in length."
To determine the composition of these lists, the names of a few hundred nominated films were listed on ballots that AFI would distribute to a jury of over 1,000 leaders in the creative industry, including film artists (directors, screenwriters, actors, editors, cinematographers), critics, and historians.
Lists of the series
1998: AFI's 100 Years...100 Movies — top "greatest American films of all time"
1999: AFI's 100 Years...100 Stars — the 50 greatest American "screen legends" of all time (25 women and 25 men)
AFI defined an “American screen legend” as "an actor or a team of actors with a significant screen presence in American feature-length films whose screen debut occurred in or before 1950, or whose screen debut occurred after 1950 but whose death has marked a completed body of work."
2000: AFI's 100 Years...100 Laughs — the funniest American films
While not specific to any genre, this list generally centered on comedies, including such sub-genres as satire, screwball, slapstick, action comedy, black comedy, musical comedy, romantic comedy, and comedy of manners.
2001: AFI's 100 Years...100 Thrills — most 'thrilling' American films
This list was not specific to any genre, focussing instead on the total "adrenaline-inducing impact" of a film, engaging both the audience's bodies and minds.
2002: AFI's 100 Years...100 Passions — the "greatest love stories of all time"
Though not specific to the romance genre, this list concerned films with "a romantic bond between two or more characters, whose actions and/or intentions provide the heart of the film's narrative."
2003: AFI's 100 Years...100 Heroes & Villains — the top American film heroes and villains of all time (50 each)
A "hero" was defined as "a character(s) who prevails in extreme circumstances and dramatizes a sense of morality, courage and purpose." A “villain” was defined as "a character(s) whose wickedness of mind, selfishness of character and will to power are sometimes masked by beauty and nobility, while others may rage unmasked."
2004: AFI's 100 Years...100 Songs — the top American movie songs of all time
For this list, "song" was defined as "[m]usic and lyrics…that set a tone or mood, define character, advance plot and/or express the film's themes in a manner that elevates" the art of film. Songs can include those "written and/or recorded specifically for the film" as well as those "previously written and/or recorded and selected by the filmmaker to achieve the above goals."
2005: AFI's 100 Years...100 Movie Quotes — top American film quotes of all time
Selection for this list considered quotes that "circulate through popular culture, become part of the national lexicon and evoke the memory of a treasured film."
2005: AFI's 100 Years of Film Scores — the 25 greatest American films scores of all time
The list did not originally air on television; it was presented at the Hollywood Bowl during a special live event produced by the Los Angeles Philharmonic Association.
2006: AFI's 100 Years...100 Cheers — most inspiring American films of all time
Films in this list "inspire" viewers, encourage people "to make a difference," and leave audiences "with a greater sense of possibility and hope for the future."
2006: AFI's Greatest Movie Musicals — the 25 greatest American musical films of all time
The list did not originally air on television; it was presented at the Hollywood Bowl during a special live event produced by the LA Philharmonic Association.
2007: AFI's 100 Years...100 Movies (10th Anniversary Edition) — an updated edition of AFI's "100 Years…100 Movies" list from 1998
This list removed 23 films from the original list, adding in their place 4 films released from 1996–2006 and 19 films made before 1996.
2008: AFI's 10 Top 10 — the 10 greatest films in 10 classic American film genres
The 10 genres were: animation, courtroom drama, epic, fantasy, gangster, mystery, romantic comedy, science fiction, sports, and western.
See also
List of films considered the best
References
External links
AFI's 100 Years...
American annual television specials
Lists of American television series
American film-related lists
Centennial anniversaries
The A815 is a major road in Argyll and Bute, Scotland. It runs for about from the A83, near Cairndow, in the north to Toward in the south. It passes beside three lochs, while its final stretch is along the Firth of Clyde.
Course
The road begins as a T-junction with the A83, immediately east of Ardkinglas Woodland Garden. The first section of its course is in a southerly direction, along the eastern shores of Loch Fyne. Between Creggans and Strachur, the road turns east at the A886.
The next loch it meets is Loch Eck, again on the eastern side. It passes through Benmore (and beside Benmore Botanic Garden) and Uig en route to Ardbeg, below Puck's Glen to the north.
After a few sweeping curves, just north of Dalinlongart the road crosses the Little Eachaig River, turns south, and continues beside the northern end of the Holy Loch on its western shores
In Sandbank, at a T-junction with the A885 High Road (which leads to and from the northern end of Dunoon and links up with the A815 at East Bay), the road turns left towards the Holy Loch Marina. At Lazaretto Point, in Ardnadam, the road turns sharply to the southeast and continues beside the Holy Loch's Ardnadam Bay
At the mouth of the Holy Loch, at the western shores of the Firth of Clyde the road turns southeast as it leads through Hunters Quay. As Alexandra Parade, the road continues through Hunters Quay and Kirn.
En route to Dunoon's East Bay, the road passes several roads that lead up and down the hill perpendicular to the Holy Loch. They are: Kirn Brae, Stewart Street, Clyde Street and Dhalling Road. Several others, not mentioned here, are cul-de-sacs.
Still Alexandra Parade, the road crosses a roundabout shared with John Street (the southern terminus of the A885 it meets in Sandbank), then passes Church Street, Moir Street and the eastern end of Argyll Street.
The road continues past Dunoon Pier and crosses the roundabout overlooked by the Highland Mary statue. As Wellington Street, it then sweeps a few hundred feet inland, on a pronounced curve to the east, forming junctions with Park Avenue, Kirk Street, Castle Street, Jane Street, Hillfoot Street, Victoria Road, Auchamore Road, (another) Clyde Street, William Street and Victoria Parade.
At West Bay, after passing the western end of Victoria Parade, the road turns south again as Pier Esplanade, before passing through Bullwood, Ardhallow and Innellan.
In its final stages, the road turns south at its junction with an unnamed road which leads south to Toward Point, and ends around west of Toward Church.
Name
Its name changes several times over its course (from north to south):
Shore Road (Ardnadam to Sandbank)
Marine Parade (Kirn to Hunters Quay)
Alexandra Parade (from Argyll Street to Kirn)
Pier Esplanade (from East Bay, Dunoon, to Argyll Street, Dunoon)
Wellington Street (through Dunoon)
Bullwood Road (between Innellan and West Bay, Dunoon)
Shore Road (between Toward and Innellan)
Notable building and structures
The following buildings, structures or sites of interest stand (or formerly stood) beside the road (from north to south):
Coylet Inn, a 17th-century coaching inn
Whistlefield Inn
Benmore Botanic Garden
Lazaretto Point War Memorial
Hafton House, Hunters Quay
Royal Marine Hotel, Hunters Quay
Hunters Quay Hotel, Hunters Quay
Queen's Hotel, Kirn
Kirn & Sandbank Parish Church, Dunoon
Dunoon Pier, Dunoon
Highland Mary statue, Dunoon
Laudervale, Dunoon (the now-demolished former home of Sir Harry Lauder)
Viewpoints
References
External links
A815 at roadtrafficstats.uk
Roads in Scotland
Transport in Argyll and Bute
Manfuha () is an ancient village and a historical neighborhood in southern Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Established on the edge of the narrow, fertile valley known as Wadi Hanifa, Manfuha was until the mid-20th century considered a twin village to the current Saudi capital of Riyadh.
According to Yaqut's 13th-century geographical encyclopedia Mu'jam Al-Buldan, Manfuha was built a few centuries before Islam at the same time as Hajr (now Riyadh)<ref>Yaqut Al-Hamawi, "Yamamah", "Hajr", "Al-'Irdh", "Al-'Allaqi", and "Qurran" in Mu'jam Al-Buldan</ref> by members of the Banu Hanifa tribe and their cousins from the tribe of Bakr. Manfuha was home to the famous Arab poet Al-A'sha, who died at around the same time as the Muslim prophet Muhammad, but little is heard of Manfuha after that time. At the turn of the 20th century, its population was made up largely of members of Banu Hanifa and Bakr (who by now had come to identify themselves with the related tribe of 'Anizzah), as well as members of Tamim and Subay'. Like all Nejdi towns, its population also included a large percentage of non-tribally-affiliated tradesmen (sonnaa'''), as well as many slaves and freedmen working as agricultural labourers. Like Riyadh, the town was surrounded by gardens and palm groves.
In the late 18th century, Manfuha fell under the rule of the energetic ruler of Riyadh, Deham ibn Dawwas, who at the time was vigorously resisting the expansion of the new Wahhabist state established by the Al Saud clan of neighbouring Diriyah (see First Saudi State). Both towns eventually succumbed to the Saudis, however, who ruled over Manfuha until their state was destroyed by an Ottoman-Egyptian invasion in 1818. From then on, the town's fortunes largely followed those of its neighbour, Riyadh, returning to Saudi rule under Turki ibn Abdallah in 1824, then falling under the rule of the Al Rashid clan of Ha'il in the 1890s, before reverting to Saudi rule less than ten years later under the founder of Saudi Arabia, Abdul Aziz Ibn Saud.
As the neighbouring Saudi capital expanded exponentially in the 20th century, fueled by the country's oil wealth, the walls of both Manfuha and Riyadh were torn down, and Manfuha was quickly swallowed in whole by the growing metropolis. Today, Manfuha is among the poorer districts of Riyadh as most of its original inhabitants have left to newer districts of the capital. Some of the town's old mud-brick buildings remain, as well as an ancient observation tower. A wide avenue cuts through the centre of Manfuha, named Al-A'sha Street, after its most famous son.
Manfuha is now a neighbourhood in southern Riyadh.
References
History of Nejd
History of Riyadh
Neighbourhoods in Riyadh
Zaw Moe (born 28 June 1967) is a Burmese professional golfer.
They turned professional in 1989 and begun to have success on the Asian circuit. In 1997 they won the SingTel Ericsson Singapore Open on the Asian Tour, and in the late 1990s they also played regularly on the Japan Golf Tour. In the mid-2000s Moe battled health problems, including a serious liver infection, but in 2011 they retained their Asian Tour card for the first time since 2007 by finishing 40th in the Order of Merit.
Professional wins (5)
Asian Tour wins (1)
Asian Tour playoff record (0–3)
Other wins (4)
1992 3 TDC Tour of Malaysia wins
1993 Singapore PGA Championship
External links
Burmese male golfers
Asian Tour golfers
Japan Golf Tour golfers
People from Singapore
1967 births
Living people
Krzysztof Palczewski (born 1957) is a Polish-American biochemist working at the University of California, Irvine.
 They are a Member of the National Academy of Sciences and the National Academy of Medicine.
In 2012 they were awarded Prize of the Foundation for Polish Science, the most prestigious scientific award for Polish scientists, for characterizing crystal structures of native and activated G protein-coupled receptor, rhodopsin, involved in eyesight.
Their MS and PhD, are from the University of Wroclaw and Technical University of Wroclaw, respectively (Poland). Their early posts were at the University of Florida and the Oregon Health Sciences University. Dr. Palczewski completed much of their pivotal research at the University of Washington. In 2005 they moved to become the Chair and John H. Hord professor of Pharmacology at Case Western Reserve University. In 2018 they joined University of California, Irvine, where they are a Distinguished Professor and is leading the Center for Translational Vision Research.
Research interests
Palczewski's research interest lie in mapping the Visual Transduction System. Their work with determining the crystal structure of rhodopsin has given new insight into the function of G protein receptors. Furthermore, their work on visual cycle has led to revolutionary advances in understanding hereditary blindness, leading to implementation of novel pharmacological treatments that can slow retinal degeneration in adults. Their team's efforts indicate that repetitive 2-photon imaging of the human eye can safely reveal the visual system's sub-cellular architecture and that humans can detect infrared light due to simultaneous 2-photon absorption. Recently, Palczewski and co-workers applied a new generation of CRISPR technology, base editing as a treatment for inherited retinal diseases.
References
Notes
Bibliography
Vertebrate Phototransduction and the Visual Cycle, Krzysztof Palczewski, Academic Press (2000),
External links
Department of Pharmacology, Case Western Reserve University
Case Western Reserve's new medical researchers pump millions into Northeast Ohio economy
Interview with Dr. Palczewski
Living people
1957 births
Polish pharmacologists
Polish scientists
Members of the National Academy of Medicine
The rufous-bellied tit (Melaniparus rufiventris) is a species of bird in the tit family.
It is found in Africa from the Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo and northern Namibia east to Tanzania and northern Mozambique.
Its habitat is subtropical or tropical dry miombo forests.
This long bird has a black head, breast, wings and tail, grey upperparts, white fringes to the wing feathers, and rufous underparts. The adult has a yellow eye, brown in the duller juvenile.
The cinnamon-breasted tit (Melaniparus pallidiventris) has sometimes been considered conspecific with the rufous-bellied tit. The cinnamon-breasted tit has a dark grey breast, washed-out underparts, and a brown eye at all ages.
The rufous-bellied tit was formerly one of the many species in the genus Parus but was moved to the resurrected genus Melaniparus after a molecular phylogenetic analysis published in 2013 showed that the members of the new genus formed a distinct clade.
References
Harrap and Quinn, Tits, Nuthatches and Treecreepers Christopher Helm, 1996
External links
Rufous-bellied Tit - Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds.
Image at ADW
rufous-bellied tit
Birds of Southern Africa
rufous-bellied tit
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Shadi Cecily Stoute (born 26 October 1999), known as Cecily Stoute, is an American-born Trinidad and Tobago footballer who plays as a defender for Georgia Lady Bulldogs and the Trinidad and Tobago women's national team.
College career
Stoute attends the University of Georgia since 2018. In 2022, Stoute was named an Arthur Ashe, Jr. Sports Scholar by Diverse: Issues In Higher Education.
International career
Stoute represented Trinidad and Tobago at the 2018 CONCACAF Women's U-20 Championship. They made their senior debut in 2018.
References
1999 births
Living people
Women's association football defenders
Trinidad and Tobago women's footballers
Trinidad and Tobago women's international footballers
American women's soccer players
Soccer players from Atlanta
Georgia Bulldogs women's soccer players
Bee is a surname.
Those bearing it includes the following:
Andrew Bee (soldier) (fl. 1860s), American soldier
Barnard E. Bee Sr. (1787–1853), Texas politician
Barnard Elliott Bee Jr., (1824–1861), American soldier
Carlos Bee (1867–1932), American politician
Clair Bee (1896–1983), American basketball coach
Ephraim Bee (1802–1888), American politician
Guy Bee (fl. 2000s), American director & producer
Hamilton P. Bee (1822–1897), American soldier & politician
Helen Bee (born 1939), American psychologist
Jaymz Bee (fl. from 1980s), Canadian musician
Kenny Bee (born 1953), Hong Kong musician & actor
Molly Bee (1939–2009), American singer
Samantha Bee (born 1969), Canadian performer
Thomas Bee (1739–1812), American farmer & jurist
Thomas Walker Bee (1822–1910), South Australian public servant
Tim Bee (fl. 2000s), American politician
Tom Bee (fl. from 1970s), American musician & entrepreneur
See also
Bee (given name)
Majanji is a town in the Eastern Region of Uganda.
Location
Majanji is approximately , by road, south of Busia, the nearest large town and the location of the district headquarters. This is approximately , by road, east of Kampala, the capital of Uganda and its largest city. The coordinates of the town are 0°14'27.0"N, 33°59'29.0"E (Latitude:0.240841; Longitude:33.991387).
Overview
Majanji sits on the north-eastern corner of Lake Victoria in Uganda, very close to the international border with Kenya. The principal activity in the town is fishing, although the weekly catch has declined due to overfishing. Iglo Foods Fish Factory, a local fish processor, produces only 10 tonnes of fish every week, compared to 40,000 tonnes daily when they first opened in the early 2000s.
Population
The national census in August 2014 put the population of Majanji sub-county at 11,274.
Points of interest
The following points of interest lie within the town limits or close to the edges of the town:
The southern end of the Musita–Mayuge–Lumino–Majanji–Busia Road
offices of Majanji Town Council
Majanji central market
Sangalo Sand Beach
* Victoria Coconut Beach Hotel(accommodation, camping, food and drinks, fishing and boat sailing and many more).
See also
List of cities and towns in Uganda
List of roads in Uganda
* Victoria coconut Road
References
Busia District, Uganda
Populated places in Eastern Region, Uganda
Cities in the Great Rift Valley
Expedition after Forrest was a military movement of the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Expedition
Major General Nathan Bedford Forrest of the Confederate States Army was making raids in west Tennessee, their force giving Union commanders headaches on their supply lines Major General William T. Sherman order their Memphis commanders to catch them on December 24 an expedition began to cut off Forrest's retreat to Mississippi. The Union force set out marching an average of twenty miles a day with many skirmishes with Forrest. Nonetheless, General Forrest still managed to escape across the Tennessee River to end the expedition On December 31, 1863.
Result
Major General Forrest escaped capture from the Union forces, carried off one hundred wagons, two hundred beef cattle, three thousand conscripts and innumerable stores, torn up railroad track, cut telegraph wire, and burned and sacked towns.
References
Expeditions of the American Civil War
1863 in Tennessee
Military operations of the American Civil War in Tennessee
MV Nasrin-1 was a ferry that sunk in the Meghna River near Chandpur, Bangladesh, on the midnight of July 8, 2003. Of the 750 people on board 220 were rescued.
References
Further reading
2003 disasters in Asia
Ferries of Bangladesh
Maritime incidents in Bangladesh
Shipwrecks in rivers
Maritime incidents in 2003
2003 in Bangladesh
Charles Orson Burney Jr. (May 28, 1907 – October 1972) was an American lawyer and politician from New York.
Life
They were born on May 28, 1907, in Buffalo, New York, the son of Charles O. Burney. They attended the University of Buffalo.
In May 1935, they married Helen B. Clode. They were Village Attorney of Williamsville.
Burney Jr was a member of the New York State Assembly (Erie Co., 7th D..) in 1937, 1938 and 1939–1940.
They were a member of the New York State Senate from 1941 to 1948, sitting in the 163rd, 164th, 165th and 166th New York State Legislatures. They were a delegate to the 1944 Republican National Convention. In 1948, they ran for re-election, but was defeated by Democrat Benjamin Miller.
Burney died in October 1972.
Sources
1907 births
1972 deaths
Lawyers from Buffalo, New York
New York (state) Republicans
New York (state) state senators
Members of the New York State Assembly
University at Buffalo alumni
20th-century American politicians
Politicians from Buffalo, New York
20th-century American lawyers
I Was Born to Love You may refer to:
I Was Born to Love You (song), a 1985 song by Freddie Mercury, a re-worked version was released by Queen in 1995
I Was Born to Love You (album), a 2000 album by Eric Carmen
Paying Guests is a 1929 comedy novel by the British writer E.F. Benson, best known as the author of the Mapp and Lucia series. The story takes place at Wentworth, a boarding house in the fictional resort town of Bolton Spa. It focuses on the eccentric collection of summer residents, mostly there to try and recover their health, overseen by the domineering former Indian Army Colonel Chase. It has been described as "The coming together of character and situation in Paying Guests creates a comic masterpiece, worthy to stand alongside the Mapp and Lucia books".
Television adaptation
In 1986 it was a two-part adaptation was made as part of the BBC's Screenplay anthology series, with a cast featuring Robert Hardy, Angela Thorne and Richard O'Callaghan.
References
Bibliography
Masters, Brian. The Life of E.F. Benson. Chatto & Windus, 1991.
Palmer, Geoffrey & Lloyd, Noel. E.F. Benson - As They Are. Lennard, 1988.
Reilly, John M. Twentieth Century Crime & Mystery Writers. Springer, 2015.
Stringer, Jenny & Sutherland, John. The Oxford Companion to Twentieth-century Literature in English. Oxford University Press, 1996.
1929 British novels
British comedy novels
Novels set in England
Novels by E. F. Benson
Hutchinson (publisher) books
The white-thighed swallow (Atticora tibialis) is a species of bird in the family Hirundinidae. It was formerly placed in the monotypic genus, Neochelidon.
It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, French Guiana, Panama, Peru, Suriname, and Venezuela. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
References
Further reading
white-thighed swallow
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of Colombia
Birds of the Tumbes-Chocó-Magdalena
Birds of the Guianas
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
white-thighed swallow
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Open Collaboration Services (OCS) is an open and vendor-independent REST-based API for integration of web communities and web-based services into desktop and mobile applications. It allows the exchange of relevant data from a social network between the site and clients such as other websites and applications or widgets running locally on the user's machine or mobile device.
The protocol is designed so that all applications can access multiple services providing OCS APIs.
The initial API design was done by openDesktop.org as part of the Social Desktop, especially as a cross-desktop backend provider. The API was standardised by freedesktop.org so that third-party providers are able to implement OCS API.
Non-KDE environments using the API in the past included the Maemo Downloads application store and Apps for MeeGo.
Modules
OCS consists of multiple modules, of which both servers and clients are free to choose which to implement. In the 1.6 version of the OCS specification the modules are:
Person - user data
Friend - social graph
Message - in-site messaging between users
Activity - activity streaming
Content - downloadable content
Fan - content favoriting
Knowledgebase - access to FAQ items
Event - calendaring
Comments - content commenting
Private data - private key-value store
Forum - discussion topic structure
Buildservice - application software building
References
External links
Official Website
Specification on freedesktop.org
Open Collaboration Services tools and libraries
Social Desktop
KDE
Freedesktop.org
Butts Close is an park in the town of Hitchin, Hertfordshire that used to once be a sporting ground for archery. The name refers to the archery butts that used to be on it during the Late medieval and Tudor times. During those years it was much larger but in the last centuries buildings such as a leisure centre and grammar school have been built on it. The remaining Butts Close is still used for modern fêtes and other special occasions though.
Facts and events
Henry VIII used to practice archery at Butts Close when they visited Hitchin.
Between WWI and WWII, on the north side of Butts Close there was sited a tank, allegedly "Fearless" but actually a different model from the real "Fearless," and a 16cm German Howitzer. They were popular play areas for local children, but were taken away just before World War II and scrapped.
Parks and open spaces in Hertfordshire
Hitchin
Phazas () was a Chosroid prince of the Kingdom of Iberia and a cavalry officer in the Roman (Byzantine) service during the Gothic War (535–554). They were a nephew of Peranius and cousin of Pacurius.
In 542, they commanded an Armenian force sent with Maximinus by sea from Constantinople to Italy. The expedition was delayed at Syracuse whence Phazas was sent to assist Naples, besieged by the Goths; a storm drove the Roman ships ashore close to the Gothic camp. Many were killed or captured, but Phazas and Herodianus, commander of the Thracian corps, with a few others escaped. In late 547, Phazas accompanied Belisarius to Tarentum and, together with Barbation, was entrusted with the duty to guard the passes around Crotone where they clashed with the cavalry of the Ostrogoth king Totila. Their force was annihilated and Phazas themselves was killed in action.
References
6th-century Byzantine military personnel
Byzantine people of Georgian descent
Georgian princes
Military personnel killed in action
People of the Gothic War (535–554)
Chosroid dynasty
Cornelia Elliott "Peggy" Wayburn (September 2, 1917 – March 21, 2002) was an American author, conservationist, and photographer.
Personal life
They were born Cornelia Thomas Elliott on September 2, 1917 in New York City to Thomas Ketchin Elliott, Jr. and Cornelia Ligon Elliott. They graduated from Emma Willard School. On September 23, 1939, they married John W. Haslett, changing their name to Cornelia Elliott Haslett. In 1942, they graduated Phi Beta Kappa from Barnard College. In 1945, they moved to San Francisco to work as a copywriter for J. Walter Thompson. In 1946, they met Edgar Arthur Wayburn. Cornelia and Edgar went hiking on Mount Tamalpais for their first date, and they married less than six months later on September 12, 1947.
They died on March 21, 2002 in San Francisco after having an abdominal disease for more than three years. They were survived by three daughters, Diana Wayburn, Cynthia Wayburn, and Laurie Wayburn; one son, William Wayburn; and three grandchildren.
Bibliography
References
1917 births
2002 deaths
American conservationists
Emma Willard School alumni
Air Pictorial was a British aviation magazine covering contemporary and historical military and civil aviation topics. By 2002, when the magazine was renamed Aviation News (a title that had been incorporated into it six years previously), Air Pictorial comprised 64 volumes containing 620 issues between them.
Initially published as Air Defence Corps Gazette in 1939, it was renamed to Air Training Corps Gazette: The Journal of the Air Training Corps in 1941, resetting the issue numbering to Vol.1 No.1 in the process. In 1946, the title was changed to Air Reserve Gazette, restarting the numbering at Vol.1 No.1 again. In January 1947 the numbering was reset to Vol.9 No.1, reflecting the cumulative volumes from 1939 to ease confusion. In 1951 Air Pictorial & Air Reserve Gazette was adopted, and in April 1958 the "& Air Reserve Gazette" part of the title was dropped, becoming Air Pictorial.
The magazine was produced at various times by the Air League, Rolls House Publishing Co., Profile Books and HPC Publishing, the latter being base in East Sussex.
References
External links
List of Air Pictorial issues with article listing via https://web.archive.org/web/20110110021804/http://www.theaviationindex.com/
1939 establishments in the United Kingdom
2002 disestablishments in the United Kingdom
Aviation magazines
Transport magazines published in the United Kingdom
Defunct magazines published in the United Kingdom
Magazines established in 1939
Magazines disestablished in 2002
Mass media in East Sussex
Military magazines published in the United Kingdom
Elm Park is an unincorporated community in Maple Ridge Township, Isanti County, Minnesota, United States.
Isanti County Roads 3 and 14 are two of the main routes in the community.
References
Mn/DOT map of Isanti County – 2013 edition
Unincorporated communities in Minnesota
Unincorporated communities in Isanti County, Minnesota
The Iron Front () was a German paramilitary organization in the Weimar Republic which consisted of social democrats, trade unionists, and liberals. Its main goal was to defend liberal democracy against totalitarian ideologies on the far-right and far-left. The Iron Front chiefly opposed the Sturmabteilung (SA) wing of the Nazi Party and the Antifaschistische Aktion wing of the Communist Party of Germany. Formally independent, it was intimately associated with the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD). The Three Arrows, originally designed for the Iron Front, became a well-known social democratic symbol representing resistance against monarchism, Nazism, and Marxism-Leninism during the parliamentary elections in November 1932. The Three Arrows were later adopted by the SPD itself.
History
The Iron Front was formed on 16 December 1931 in the Weimar Republic by the Social Democratic Party (SPD), along with the Allgemeiner Deutscher Gewerkschaftsbund (ADGB), the Reichsbanner Schwarz-Rot-Gold, and workers' sport clubs. The Iron Front chiefly opposed the paramilitary organisations of the fascist National Socialist German Workers Party (NSDAP) and the Communist Party of Germany (KPD). Its initial purpose was to counter the right-wing Harzburg Front. The organization sought to engage the old Reichsbanner, the SPD youth organization, and labour, and liberal groups as a united front. The SPD rallied to the Iron Front, held mass demonstrations, armed themselves, and fought the Nazi SA and Communist Antifa in the streets. This was more than the SPD leaders wanted, but SPD workers grew increasingly militant in their resistance against the authoritarian and totalitarian movements threatening the Weimar Republic.
The Iron Front was regarded as an anti-communist and "social fascist terror organisation" by the KPD, who regarded the SPD as their main adversary. In response to the formation of the Iron Front, the KPD founded its own activist wing, Antifaschistische Aktion (Antifa), which opposed the social democrat SPD and the fascist NSDAP.
On January 30, 1933, the day Hitler was appointed Chancellor, the KPD asked the Iron Front, the SPD, the general trade union association ADGB and their organisations, and the Reichsbanner Schwarz-Rot-Gold to declare a general strike against Hitler. The Iron Front declined, issued a call on February 2 to "all comrades of the Reichsbanner and the Iron Front", warning against participating in "wild actions organised by irresponsible people", and exhorted members to "turn all Iron Front events into powerful rallies for freedom".
On March 3, the Iron Front planned a march in Kassel, but was hindered by regular police. On May 2, all trade unions, with which the Iron Front was closely allied, were finally abolished, together with all trade union structures. Until the mid 1930s and in some cases until the war years, some local branches of the Iron Front and the former trade union organisations continued with resistance, mostly by spreading leaflets, organizing secret meetings, and carrying out acts of sabotage.
Its logo, the Three Arrows (pointing southwest) was designed by Sergei Chakhotin, former assistant to the physiologist Ivan Pavlov in 1931. Designed so as to be able to easily cover Nazi swastikas, the meaning of the three arrows has been variously interpreted. The present-day Reichsbanner association says the arrows of the logo stood for the SPD, the trade unions, and the Reichsbanner Schwarz-Rot-Gold, as well as for the political, economic, and physical strength of the working class. The symbol was used on a November 1932 Reichstag election poster of the SPD to represent opposition to the Nazi Party, the Communist Party, and the monarchist wing of the Centre Party.
About its formation, Karl Höltermann, chairperson of the Reichsbanner, commented: "The year 1932 will be our year, the year of victory of the republic over its opponents. Not one day nor one hour more do we want to remain on the defensive. We attack! Attack on the whole line! We must be part of the general offensive. Today we call - tomorrow we strike!"
Legacy
The Three Arrows became a symbol of the social democratic resistance against the totalitarian ideologies of Nazism and Soviet State Socialism. More recently, the symbol has been appropriated by American anti-fascist movements, along with flags historically derived from the German Communist Party's Antifaschistische Aktion. Antifa opposed the Iron Front, whom they regarded as bourgeois and fascist, as the Three Arrows logo was used to represent resistance against Antifa's affiliated party, the KPD as well.
The Iron Front flag has been adopted by supporters of MLS team Portland Timbers and frequently seen at their games. Major League Soccer banned the flag in 2019 as part of a crackdown on "political symbols," although the league walked back the ban weeks later.
See also
Reichsbanner Schwarz-Rot-Gold
Three Arrows
Weimar Coalition
Footnotes
Further reading
1931 establishments in Germany
Anti-communism
Liberal organizations
History of liberalism
Democracy
Anti-fascism in Germany
Anti-fascist organisations in Germany
Anti-communism in Germany
Anti-communist organizations
Defunct political party alliances in Germany
German resistance to Nazism
Organizations established in 1931
Social Democratic Party of Germany
Political parties established in 1931
Weimar Republic
Lyubov Sharmay (born 15 April 1956) is a Russian former basketball player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics.
References
1956 births
Living people
Russian women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of the Soviet Union
Basketball players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for the Soviet Union
Olympic medalists in basketball
Soviet women's basketball players
Medalists at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Congregation Beth Israel is a Reform synagogue and member of the Union for Reform Judaism located at 301 East Jefferson Street in Charlottesville, Virginia. Founded in 1882, it grew out of Charlottesville's Hebrew Benevolent Society, which was created in 1870.
The congregation's 1882 building is the oldest synagogue building still standing in Virginia. It joined the Union of American Hebrew Congregations in 1927. The synagogue has an active youth group called BITY (Beth Israel Temple Youth), participating in events with the synagogue throughout the year. It also has a preschool, and religious/Hebrew school.
Congregation Beth Israel offers adult education in the form of lectures, films, and Beit Midrash text study. Worship services include Traditional Egalitarian Shabbat Morning Service, Kabbalat Shabbat Service, and Mishkan T'filah (Reform) Services. These services are intended to be appropriate across ages and household composition. CBI is also involved in mitzvot and acts of tikkun olam through association with and grant funding for local Charlottesville non-profits.
As of 2022, the Senior Rabbi is Tom Gutherz, and the Associate Rabbi is Jessica Kerman. Daniel Alexander, Rabbi Emeritus, served as rabbi from 1988 to 2016, and their retirement led the Virginia House of Delegates and Virginia Senate to issue Joint Resolution No. 381, commending Alexander's service to the Congregation Beth Israel and the Charlottesville community for 37 years.
References
1882 establishments in Virginia
Buildings and structures in Charlottesville, Virginia
Reform synagogues in Virginia
Religious organizations established in 1882
Synagogues completed in 1882
St. Philip's Episcopal Church is an historic Episcopal church located at 446 Church Street in Wrangell, Alaska, United States. Its frame vernacular-style church was built as the People's Church in 1903 by a Presbyterian congregation of Alaskan Natives under the direction of its minister, the Rev. Harry Prosper Corser. In 1905 the Rev. Mr. Corser and many of their congregation were received into the Episcopal Church by the Rt. Rev. Peter Trimble Rowe, the first bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Alaska. Corser was later ordained an Episcopal priest and served the church which was consecrated at St. Phillip's until they retired in 1934. On May 6, 1987, the church was added to the National Register of Historic Places as Saint Philip's Episcopal Church.
St. Philip's is still an active parish in the Episcopal Diocese of Alaska. The Rev. Paula Sampson and the Rev. Ian MacKenzie are its co-rectors.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Wrangell, Alaska
References
External links
St. Philip's Episcopal Church website
Another website covering St. Philip's Episcopal Church
1905 establishments in Alaska
Buildings and structures in Wrangell, Alaska
Episcopal church buildings in Alaska
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Alaska
Christian organizations established in 1905
Buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in Wrangell, Alaska
Solana de los Barros is a municipality in the province of Badajoz, Extremadura, Spain. It has a population of 2,657 and an area of 65.09 km².
References
Municipalities in the Province of Badajoz
Shirley Meadows is an unincorporated community in Kern County, California. It is located south-southwest of Alta Sierra, at an elevation of .
References
Unincorporated communities in Kern County, California
Unincorporated communities in California
Bragadiru is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Bragadiru.
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
One Stop Wide Awake (OSWA) is a surgical model which was initially developed for hand surgery in the United Kingdom. It is recognized as effective by the Royal Society of Medicine.
The model centres on complete surgical care within one management stop, and with reduced risks due to the avoidance of general anesthesia, regional anaesthesia, sedation, and tourniquets. This approach to surgery is particularly cost-effective and efficient. It enables complex procedures such as for Dupuytren's contracture to be performed as outpatient procedures under local anaesthesia.
With the changes in UK healthcare commissioning and the evolution from primary care trusts to clinical commissioning groups from 2013, this model of surgery is likely to be increasingly important, and may secure the funding of some NHS surgical services.
References
Surgical procedures and techniques
Benjamin Dabo Sarkodie is a Ghanaian healthcare practitioner who holds the distinction as the first certified interventional radiologist in Ghana. They led a seven member team of Ghanaiain doctors to perform the first ever brain surgery without cutting the skull are term known as minimally invasive surgery in Ghana, technically known as Endovascular brain aneurysm coiling.
Career and life
They were a vising fellow at the hospital of the university of Pennsylvania in the United States. They also completed their clinical fellowship in Endovascular and Interventional Radiology at the Singapore General Hospital. They lecture at the University of Ghana School of Medicine and Denstistry.  They are also a fellow of the West African College of Surgeons. A recipient of international scholar award from the society of interventional Radiology.
References
Living people
University of Ghana alumni
Ghanaian radiologists
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Queensland Oaks is a Brisbane Racing Club Group 1 Thoroughbred horse race for three-year-old fillies, at set weights, run over a distance of 2400 metres at Eagle Farm Racecourse, Brisbane during the Queensland Winter Racing Carnival. Total prize money is A$700,000.
History
The inaugural running of the race was run as the Queensland Oaks Stakes during the Christmas meeting at Eagle Farm on December 27, 1951 when short odds-on favourite Malt Maid was victorious. By 1953 the race was run on the Queensland Cup race card in November. The race was moved as part of the Brisbane Winter Carnival in 1973.
Grade
1951–1979 - Principal race
1980 onwards - Group 1 race
Distance
1951–1972 - miles
1973–1982 – 2400 metres
1983 – 2432 metres
1984–2014 – 2400 metres
2015 – 2200 metres
2016 – 2400 metres
2017–2019 – 2200 metres
2021–2022 - 2200 metres
Venue
Due to track reconstruction of Eagle Farm Racecourse for the 2014–15 racing season, the event was transferred to Doomben Racecourse with a shorter distance of 2200 metres.
2015 - Doomben Racecourse
2017 - Doomben Racecourse
2018 - Doomben Racecourse
2019 - Doomben Racecourse
Winners
2022 - Gypsy Goddess
2021 - Duais
2020 - ‡race not held
2019 - Winning Ways
2018 - Youngstar
2017 - Egg Tart
2016 - Provocative
2015 - Winx
2014 - Tinto
2013 - Gondokoro
2012 - Quintessential
2011 - Scarlett Lady
2010 - Miss Keepsake
2009 - Purple
2008 - Riva San
2007 - Eskimo Queen
2006 - Allow
2005 - Vitesse Dane
2004 - Vouvray
2003 - Zagalia
2002 - Mon Mekki
2001 - Ethereal
2000 - Giovana
1999 - Miss Danehill
1998 - Zacheline
1997 - Crystal Palace
1996 - Arctic Scent
1995 - Joie Denise
1994 - Booked
1993 - Slight Chance
1992 - Royal Magic
1991 - Triscay
1990 - A Little Kiss
1989 - Triumphal Queen
1988 - Bravery
1987 - Round The World
1986 - Travel Light
1985 - Tristram Rose
1984 - Look Aloft
1983 - Lady Plutus
1982 - Mother Of Pearl
1981 - November Rain
1980 - Lowan Star
1979 - Prunella
1978 - Show Ego
1977 - Surround
1976 - Denise's Joy
1975 - Zasu
1974 - Bonnybel
1973 - Analie
1972 - Meanmi Shadow
1971 - Mode
1970 - Affectionate
1969 - Kazan Retto
1968 - Bright Shadow
1967 - Ryeleah
1966 - Blue Roc
1965 - Kulali
1964 - Eye Shadow
1963 - Aspalita
1962 - Hoa Hine
1961 - Winnipeg II
1960 - Ton
1959 - Golden Stockade
1958 - Orient
1957 - race not held
1956 - Urgona
1955 - Evening Peal
1954 - Mian Mir
1953 - Caeneus
1952 - Lady Hannah
1951 - Malt Maid
‡ Not held because of the COVID-19 pandemic
See also
List of Australian Group races
Group races
References
External links
News Report -2008 Qld Oaks Winner
Sport in Brisbane
Group 1 stakes races in Australia
Flat horse races for three-year-old fillies
Ourol is a municipality in the Spanish province of Lugo. It belongs to the comarca of A Mariña Occidental.
According to INE, the population in 2009 was 1,157 inhabitants.
Location
With a total area of 145.4 km2, Ourol is divided into eight parishes:
Ambosores (Santa María)
Bravos (Santiago)
Merille (Santa Eulalia)
Miñotos (San Pedro)
Ourol (Santa María)
San Pantaleón de Cabanas (San Pantaleón)
O Sisto (Santa María)
Xerdiz (Santa María)
The municipality is bordered by the municipalities of Viveiro and Vicedo to the north, to south by Muras, to the east by Valadouro and to the west by Mañón.
Demography
From:{INE Archiv
History
Paleolithic period
Due to the wealth of remains of later periods such as the Megalithic period or constructed forts, the Paleolithic era has been studied little. However, in 1922, Obermaier, who visited Galicia to collect data for their lectures on prehistory, predicted there was no doubt that the Paleolithic man lived in Galicia during the glacial and interglacial periods. In 1925, the first discoveries of stone industries began. There are many findings in the area of La Guardia and Baiona or Lower Minho. Between the 1960s and 1980s excavations were carried out in the provinces of Lugo, Ourense and Pontevedra leading to discoveries of extended Paleolithic and Mesolithic deposits throughout the region. In Ourol the Mesolithic site of Xestido in Miñotos was highlighted as well. Deposits of microlithic industry laminar and microlith geometry were also discovered.
Megalithic culture
The megalithic culture is characterized by the construction of memorials. In Ourol, the following mounds are recorded:
A Veiga in San Pantaleon de Cabanas: hemispherical mound, overgrown, has a large cone of spoliation. There are remnants of a vault or other structures such as perimeter ring. Its dimensions are approximately 12 meters in diameter and 1.30 meters high.
Penido Vello/Huchas de Penido Vello: mound dimensions of about 16 meters, has a maximum height of 130 cm. Presents a megalithic chamber that converses the cover.
Mound 1 de Pena do Toxo
Mound 2 de Pena do Toxo
Mounds de Monte Cristo dos Callós: necropolis formed by seven mounds.
References
Municipalities in the Province of Lugo
The Pakalomattam family is an ancient Marthoma Nasrani (Syrian Christian) family in Kerala, India. The Pakalomattam family originated from Brahmins, who were brought into the Christian faith by Saint Thomas the Apostle in AD 52.The Pakalomattam family traditionally held the historical offices of Arkkadiyakon of all India, who headed the Marthoma Nasranis in Kerala and later Malankara Metropolitan (from AD 1653 till AD 1816) which headed the Puthenkoor faction of Marthoma Nasranis. The Pakalomattam Tharavad was initially at Palayoor, but later in 4th Century they moved to Kuravilangad. Many branches of Pakalomattam later moved to different parts of Kerala, starting from 17th century due to the division created between Puthenkoor and Pazhayakoor.The Marthoma Nasranis consists of the Malankara Mar Thoma Syrian Church, Syro-Malabar Catholic Church, Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church, Malankara Jacobite Syrian Church and Malankara Syrian Catholic Church.
History
According to tradition, St. Thomas, the apostle visited Kerala in AD 52, as part of their missionary work in Persia, India and Afghanistan. There is no direct contemporary evidence for Thomas the Apostle being in the subcontinent, though it definitely would have been possible for a Roman Jew of the time to make such a trip. The earliest known source connecting the apostle to India is the Acts of Thomas, written in Edessa likely in the 2nd century. The text describes Thomas' adventures in bringing Christianity to India, a tradition later expanded upon by early Indian sources such as the Thomma Parvam (Song of Thomas). According to a Malabar tradition, they anointed and appointed elders to conduct worship from the Pakalomattam family.
The legend
Palayoor was one of the places near the port of Muziris, where St. Thomas established a church. The place is referred to as Paloor in some old documents. At that time, according to tradition, Palayoor had a Brahmin village of families with the strength of 64 adults. It is believed that in one of the temple ponds in Palayoor, St. Thomas performed a miracle. Some Brahmins were performing a Vedic ritual called Tharpanam which means "That offering which satisfies" in which they devote Lord Sun by the symbolic submission of water in their palms along with Vedic recitation. St. Thomas was attracted to the ritual and queried about the act and challenged the logic of their submission since the water was thrown above was not accepted and returned to earth. St. Thomas used this opportunity to present their subject before the present Brahmin community. St. Thomas threw water in the name of Jesus and it stood still in the air and glittered like a diamond. By this experience, many Brahmins accepted Christianity while the other Brahmins cursed the place and left the place with their families saying that they would do their rituals from then on at Vembanattu.
Historical and traditional facts
Even today the place is known as Sapa-kadu or Chavakadu which means "cursed forest". The place from where the unhappy Brahmins relocated from Palayoor to Vembanattu out of fear of black magic. It is stated that a Hindu temple that was abandoned by the Brahmins was converted into the present church. Temple remnants in the form of broken idols, sculptures, and relics of the old temple can also be seen near the precincts of the church, in addition to two large tanks near the west and east gates of the church.
It is also stated that the conversion of Brahmins has resulted in such an aversion among the Nambudri Brahmins that they do not even accept cold water or tender coconut water anywhere in the vicinity of the church. In Vembanattu there is a Brahmin illam of Kalatt, which according to tradition is one of the families which left from Palayoor out of fear. This place is still called Pudumanassery or the "Place of the new Mana" (Illam). Furthermore, a document called Grandavariola kept by a local Brahmin family (who had moved out from Palayoor during the preaching) testifies to the date of the gospel work of St. Thomas. The document states: "Kali year 3153 (52 AD) the foreigner Thomas Sanyasi came to our village (gram) preached there and thereby causing ..."
In many songs of "Margam Kali" - An art form of Saint Thomas Christians of Kerala, It is an ancient coordinated round group dance presented by women for entertainment and passing down information, a brief description of St. Thomas tradition is portrayed in it with exaggerations to make the song more interesting.
A relevant part of such a song is translated below:
"He then heard about Kerala and went there, arriving at Malankara, preaching to the Brahmans of Cranganore and anointed two of them. Then they went south, erecting crosses at Quilon, Niranam, Gokkamangalam, Kottakkayal, Cayla, and Poor. A Northern King sent for Thomas and inquired them of the completion of Castle's work. The King put them in prison when told they must wait till after their death to see the new palace and was so mortified by the deception. However, their brother died that night and saw the palace in heaven. They came back to life and told the King of its glory. The king, their brother and others were baptized, and the faith spread apace arousing the Brahmans"...
Saints
Marth Alphonsa
Mar Kuriakose Elias Chavara
Pampady Thirumeni (Bishop Kuriakose Mar Gregorios)
Mar Dionysius of Vattasseril
Marthoma Metropolitians
The Marthoma Metropolitans were the Head of the Puthenkoor faction of Mathoma Nasranis commonly referred today as Malankara Church. (which was a name synonymousy used to call Marthoma Nasranis.)
Mar Thoma I
Mar Thoma II
Mar Thoma III
Mar Thoma IV
Mar Thoma V
Mar Thoma VI
Mar Thoma VI
Mar Thoma VII
Mar Thoma VIII
Mar Thoma IX
References
http://pakalomattamfamily.org/history/
https://www.nasrani.net/2020/07/15/debate-on-the-apostolate-of-st-thomas-in-kerala-a-response/
External links
Pakalomattam family website
Pakalomattam family
A Book of Milliganimals is a children's book by Spike Milligan, first published in 1968.
The book has three parts; the first two, Animals and Milliganimals, contain humorous poetry and illustrations by Milligan of animals, both real and imaginary. The third part, entitled The Bald Twit Lion, is a surreal, comedic story of a lion who loses their mane and their struggle to re-grow it and overcome their embarrassment. Their mane is eventually restored by God, who slides down to Earth from Heaven on a religious giraffe's neck.
References
1968 children's books
Works by Spike Milligan
Homestead Valley is a census-designated place in San Bernardino County, California. Homestead Valley sits at an elevation of . The 2010 United States census reported Homestead Valley's population was 3,032.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP covers an area of 33.9 square miles (87.8 km), all of it land.
Demographics
At the 2010 census Homestead Valley had a population of 3,032. The population density was . The racial makeup of Homestead Valley was 2,594 (85.6%) White (76.8% Non-Hispanic White), 34 (1.1%) African American, 58 (1.9%) Native American, 30 (1.0%) Asian, 9 (0.3%) Pacific Islander, 196 (6.5%) from other races, and 111 (3.7%) from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 517 people (17.1%).
The whole population lived in households, no one lived in non-institutionalized group quarters and no one was institutionalized.
There were 1,389 households, 270 (19.4%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 531 (38.2%) were opposite-sex married couples living together, 131 (9.4%) had a female householder with no husband present, 88 (6.3%) had a male householder with no wife present. There were 85 (6.1%) unmarried opposite-sex partnerships, and 16 (1.2%) same-sex married couples or partnerships. 538 households (38.7%) were one person and 221 (15.9%) had someone living alone who was 65 or older. The average household size was 2.18. There were 750 families (54.0% of households); the average family size was 2.86.
The age distribution was 526 people (17.3%) under the age of 18, 196 people (6.5%) aged 18 to 24, 518 people (17.1%) aged 25 to 44, 1,150 people (37.9%) aged 45 to 64, and 642 people (21.2%) who were 65 or older. The median age was 50.3 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 107.8 males.
There were 2,198 housing units at an average density of 64.9 per square mile, of the occupied units 1,036 (74.6%) were owner-occupied and 353 (25.4%) were rented. The homeowner vacancy rate was 5.6%; the rental vacancy rate was 5.1%. 2,152 people (71.0% of the population) lived in owner-occupied housing units and 880 people (29.0%) lived in rental housing units.
According to the 2010 United States Census, Homestead Valley had a median household income of $31,881, with 18.7% of the population living below the federal poverty line.
References
Census-designated places in San Bernardino County, California
Census-designated places in California
The 2001 DFB-Ligapokal Final decided the winner of the 2001 DFB-Ligapokal, the 5th edition of the reiterated DFB-Ligapokal, a knockout football cup competition.
The match was played on 21 July 2001 at the Carl-Benz-Stadion in Mannheim. Hertha BSC won the match 4–1 against Schalke 04 for their 1st title.
Teams
Route to the final
The DFB-Ligapokal is a six team single-elimination knockout cup competition. There are a total of two rounds leading up to the final. Four teams enter the preliminary round, with the two winners advancing to the semi-finals, where they will be joined by two additional clubs who were given a bye. For all matches, the winner after 90 minutes advances. If still tied, extra time, and if necessary penalties are used to determine the winner.
Match
Details
References
2001
FC Schalke 04 matches
Hertha BSC matches
2001–02 in German football cups
A Hero Ain't Nothin' but a Sandwich is a 1973 young adult novel by American author Alice Childress.
Plot
Benjie is a 13-year-old, living in the urban ghetto of the 1970s, who succumbs to the allure of heroin. Encouraged by their friends, Benjie gets hooked on the dangerous monster that is slowly dictating their life. Everyone is urging them to stop but they cannot, as they are addicted to the drug. They disdain their counselors and teachers. After a final confrontation with their stepfather, they promise to quit.
Awards and nominations
A Hero Ain't Nothin' but a Sandwich won an ALA Coretta Scott King Award honor, the Lewis Carroll Shelf Award, and the Jane Addams Award for a young adult novel.
Reception
Ed Bullins in The New York Times commented: "This surprisingly exciting, entertaining book demystifies the pusher and the problem they sell by centering on the unwitting victim, Benjie, and the disintegration of a black family. With their own voices the people in this story tell the truths of their lives. The writer uses their considerable dramatic talents to expose a segment of society seldom spoken of above a whisper; they expose the urban disease that hides behind the headlines of drug abuse, the child junkies, drug rehabilitation programs and the problem of sheer survival in the black urban community." Kirkus Reviews called the novel "An unusually honest and forceful novel, told in trenchant language by a variety of people concerned with thirteen year-old Benjie."
Censorship
In 1975, the book was removed from high school library shelves by the board of education of the Island Trees Union Free School District in New York. This case became the subject of a U.S. Supreme Court case in 1982.
Film adaptation
The book was adapted into a film in 1977 starring Cicely Tyson and Paul Winfield and directed by Ralph Nelson.
References
1970 American novels
Novels about heroin addiction
American young adult novels
African-American young adult novels
American novels adapted into films
African-American novels
Coward-McCann books
Censored books
Universidad José María Vargas is a university in Caracas, based in the Sucre Municipality.
Universities and colleges in Caracas
Serafym (secular name Serhiy Dmytrovych Verzun, ; October 8, 1949 - April 7, 2012) was the Ukrainian Orthodox archbishop of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church of the Kyivan Patriarchate.
They were born in 1949, studied at the Odessa Theological Seminary of the Russian Orthodox Church.
June 25, 1992 they joined to the Kyiv Patriarchate, which is not recognized by other Orthodox Churches.
They were consecrated as Bishop of Vyshhorod, auxiliary of the Eparchy of Kyiv, by Filaret (Denysenko), Antoniy (Masendych), Andriy (Horak), Volodymyr (Romaniuk).
Notes
External links
Profile at Official UOC KP site
1949 births
2012 deaths
20th-century Eastern Orthodox bishops
21st-century Eastern Orthodox bishops
Soviet people
Ukrainian Orthodox bishops
Note: Some of these offices were continued from the Earldom of Cornwall.
Offices
Lord Steward and Lord Warden of the Stannaries in Cornwall and Devon
See Lord Warden of the Stannaries
Vice-Admiral of Cornwall
See List of Vice-Admirals of Cornwall
High Sheriff of Cornwall
See High Sheriff of Cornwall
Chancellor and Keeper of the Great Seal (1476–1867?)
1476 Sir William Allington
1490 John Arundell, Bishop of Coventry and Lichfield
1502 Robert Frost
? John Morton, Archbishop of Canterbury
1610?–12? Sir Henry Hobart, 1st Baronet
1616?–17 Sir Francis Bacon
1617–? Sir Henry Hobart, 1st Baronet
17? –17? Nicholas Lechmere, 1st Baron Lechmere
1729–40 Alexander Denton
1740–51: Sir Thomas Bootle
vacant
1802 Thomas Erskine
1806–15 William Adam
1816–18? John Leach
1843–67? Thomas Pemberton Leigh
Keeper of the Privy Seal (1846?–1933)
1846? Sir William Gibson-Craig, Bt
1852 Marquess of Chandos
1853 Lord Alfred Hervey
1855 The Viscount Monck
1858 Henry Brand
1858 Henry Whitmore
1859 Sir William Alexander, Bt
1863 Sir William Dunbar, Bt
1865 Herbert William Fisher
1870 The Earl of Leicester
1901–06 The Earl Spencer
1907 The Earl of Mount Edgcumbe
1913–33 The Lord Clinton
see Lord Warden of the Stannaries since 1933
Receiver-General (1400–present)
1400 John Waterton
1413 John Willecotes
1422 John Copleston Jnr
1422 Thomas Congreve
1423 Lewis John
1433 Robert Whittingham
1439 Thomas Gloucester
1444 John Brecknock
1456 Robert Whittingham
1461 William, Lord Hastings
1473 Anthony Woodville, 2nd Earl Rivers
1483 Sir John Sapcotes
1485 Sir Robert Willoughby (later 1st Lord Willoughby de Broke)
1503 Sir Richard Nanfan
1507 Sir John Arundell
1533 Sir Thomas Arundell
1553 Sir Henry Gates
1553 Sir Edward Waldegrave
1553 John Coswarth
1574 Thomas Cosoworth
1586 Sir Francis Godolphin
1604 Sir Richard Smith
1618 Thomas Smyth
1637 Sir David Cunningham
1638 Robert Napier of Punknoll
1643 Richard Nicholl
1646 Arthur Upton
1650 George Crompton
1650 Gabriel Tailor
1709–12 Robert Corker
1715–20 Edward Eliot
1720–31 Robert Corker
1731–36 Edward Penrose of Penrose lawsuit 1749
bef. 1740–48? Richard Eliot
1751 Edward Craggs-Eliot, 1st Baron Eliot
1804 Richard Brinsley Sheridan
1807 The Viscount Lake
1808 Richard Brinsley Sheridan
1816 Sir John McMahon, 1st Baronet
1817 Lord William Gordon
1823 Sir William Knighton, Bt
1830? Sir Henry Wheatley, Bt
1849–62 Office abolished.
1862 Sir Charles Beaumont Phipps
1866 Sir Thomas Myddleton-Biddulph
1878 Sir William Thomas Knollys
1883 Sir John Rose, Bt
1888 Sir Robert Kingscote
1908 The Lord Revelstoke
1929–36 Sir Edward Peacock
1961–73 The Lord Ashburton
1974 The Hon. Sir John Baring (later Lord Ashburton)
1990 The Earl Cairns
2000 The Hon. James Leigh-Pemberton
Attorney-General (1457–present)
1457 Thomas Throckmorton
1472 Sir William Allington
1477 John Twynho
1490 John Mordaunt
1511 William Esyngton
1515 William Ruddall
1515 Sir Robert Southwell
1529 John Baldewyn
1532 Sir Richard Riche
1532 John Cocke
1561 John Penne
1567? Stephen Brente
1599? Thomas Harrison
1601 Hannibal Vivian
1603 Gilbert Mitchell
1604 Thomas Fleetwood
1605 Thomas Stephens
1615 Sir John Walter
1632? William Noye
1634 Sir John Bankes
1635 Sir Richard Lane
1643 Sir Robert Holborne
1648? Francis Buller
1698 Francis Pengelly
1714 Spencer Cowper
1728 William Lee
1730 William Fortescue
1736 Robert Pauncefort
1748 Henry Bathurst
1754 Robert Henley (later Earl of Northington)
1756 Charles Pratt (later Earl Camden)
1783 Thomas Erskine (later Lord Erskine)
1793 Robert Graham
1800 Vicary Gibbs
1805 William Adam
1806 William Garrow
1812 Joseph Jekyll
1816 William Draper Best
1819 Charles Warren
1841 Thomas Pemberton (later Lord Kingsdown)
1843 The Hon. John Chetwynd-Talbot
1852 Sir Edward Smirke
1863 Sir William Alexander, Bt
1873 George Loch
1877 Alfred Henry Thesiger
1877 Sir Charles Hall
1892 Sir Henry James (later Lord James of Hereford)
1895 Charles Cripps (later Lord Parmoor)
1914 George Cave (later Lord Cave)
1915 Henry Duke (later Lord Merrivale)
1920 Sir Douglas Hogg (later Viscount Hailsham)
1923 Anthony Hawke
1928 Geoffrey Lawrence (later Lord Trevethin and Oaksey)
1932 Walter Monckton (later Lord Monckton of Brenchley)
1951–60: Charles Russell (later Lord Russell of Killowen)
1960 Sir Joseph Molony
1969 Anthony Lloyd
1978 Andrew Morritt
1988 Robert Carnwath
1994 Sir Jeremy Sullivan
1998 Nicholas Underhill
2006 Jonathan Crow
Surveyor-General (1747–1849)
1729–38 Richard Eliot
1747 The Lord Baltimore
1751 Edward Bayntun-Rolt
1796? Sir John Morshead, Bt
1808–29 Benjamin Tucker
1833 Philip Sidney, 1st Baron De L'Isle and Dudley
1849 James Robert Gardiner
Keeper of the Records (1843–present)
1843–49 James Robert Gardiner
?–1873 Joshua Wigley Bateman
1873 George Wilmshurst
1886 Sir Maurice Holzmann, KCVO
1908 Sir Walter Peacock
1930 Major Hilgrove McCormick
1936–54 Sir Clive Burn
?–1972 Sir Patrick Kingsley
1972 Francis Anthony Gray
1981 John Walter Yeoman Higgs
1987 Sir David Landale
1993 Sir John James
1997 Sir Walter Ross, KCVO
2013 Alastair Martin
Auditor (1509–1993)
1509 Hugh Molyneux
1543? Robert Hennage
1543 Thomas Mildmay
1547 Walter Mildmay
1567 John Conyers
1574? William Neale
1590? Robert Paddon
1602 Nathaniel Fulwer
1603 Richard Connock
1622 Thomas Gewen
1633 John Downes
1645 William Loving
1661 William Harbord
1692 Philip Bertie
1704–23? Albemarle Bertie
1735–51 Charles Montagu
1751–67 William Trevanion
1768 Richard Hussey
1770 John Buller
1783 Henry Lyte
1791 John Willett Payne
1796 Thomas Tyrwhitt
1803 Sir John McMahon, Bt
1816 Sir Benjamin Bloomfield
1817 Sir William Knighton, Bt
1823–41 George Harrison
1843 Edward White
1851 Sir William Anderson
1891 Lesley Probyn
1916–? Laurence Halsey
1957–? Edmund Parker
1971–93 Jeffery Bowman
Solicitor-General (1714–present)
1714 John Fortescue Aland
1715 Laurence Carter
1717 Charles Talbot
1726 John Finch
1729 William Fortescue
1730 Robert Pauncefort
1736 Richard Hollings
1741 Alexander Hume Campbell
1746 Henry Bathurst
1748 Paul Joddrell
1751 Robert Henley
1754 Charles Yorke
1783 Sir Arthur Leary Piggott
1793 John Anstruther
1795 Vicary Gibbs
1800 Thomas Manners-Sutton
1802 William Adam
1805 Joseph Jekyll
1812 Samuel Shepherd
1813 William Draper Best
1816 William Harrison
1841? Edward Smirke
1908 Robert Ernest Tucker
1940 Sir Clive Burn
1954 Brian Stopford
1972 Joseph Frederick Burrell
1976 Henry Boyd-Carpenter
1994 James Furber
Cornwall Herald
1398-?: John Hilton, Harper
Chief Commissioner
Francis Seymour-Conway, 3rd Marquess of Hertford
Havener (Keeper of the Havenary (Ports) of Cornwall and the Port of Plymouth, Devon (1337–1617)
1337 Thomas FitzHenry
1373 Walter Bray
1376 Thomas Asshenden
1377–88 Richard Hampton
1386–95 John Slegh
1388–91 John Maudelyn
1391–5 William Skelton
1395 John Knyveton
1395 Thomas Galy
1397 Edward, Duke of Aumerle
1399 John Norbury
1404–7 John Snede
1411 John Clink
1415 Thomas Chaucer
1426 Robert Treage
1427 John Lawhier
1431 Thomas Treffry
1432 Thomas Est
1454 John Delabere
1455 Thomas Bodulgate (Joint)
1455 Geoffrey Kidwelly (Joint)
1461 Thomas Clemens (Joint)
1461 Richard Edgcumbe (Joint)
1461 Geoffrey Kidwelly (Joint)
1461 Nicholas Loure
1471 Sir Thomas Vaughan
1472 William Richmond
1477 Richard Holton
1483 Sir James Tyrell
1485 Robert Walshe
1486 John Monkeley
? Benedict Killegrew
1502 Thomas Elyot
1515 John Thomas
1516? Henry Pennage
1517 John Amodas
1549? William Reskymer
1552 Henry Killegrew
1553 John Cliff
1578? Peter Killigrew
1601? Joseph Killegrew
1616? Sir John Killigrew
1626? Robert Longdon
1617 William Roscarrock
Thomas Gewen
Sir William Morrice
Sir William Morice, 1st Baronet
Feodary (Escheator) in Cornwall and Devon (1403–1632)
1403 John Haweley Jnr
1437 Michael Power
1451 Edward Ellesmere
1460 Avery Cornburgh
1473 Sir John Fogge and John Fogge (son)
1484 Thomas Sapcotes
1485 Sir Richard Edgcumbe
1489 Peter Edgcumbe
1502 Sir Peter Edgcumbe (joint)
1502–6 Roger Holland (joint)
1539 Sir Hugh Trevanyon
1551 Hugh Trevanyon
1565–6 Richard Strode
1574 Edward Trevanyon
1576 Henry Carye
1581? William Killigrew
1604 Richard Billing
1607 John Sorrell
1626? Robert Langdon
1632? Stephen Smyth
? Henry Carew
President of the Council
Albert, Prince Consort
References
Bibliography
For lists of the Duchy's officers (1337–1650):
.
.
.
.
History of Cornwall
Duchy of Cornwall
Maria Giovanna Agresta (born 16 July 1978) is an Italian operatic soprano.
Life
Born in Vallo della Lucania, Agresta obtained their diploma at the in Salerno with top marks and then completed their studies with Raina Kabaivanska in Modena. In 2006 they made their debut in Spoleto as Rosina in Il barbiere di Siviglia and then appeared as Selene in Baldassare Galuppi's Didone abbandonata. They made their role debut as Micaëla in Carmen in 2007 in Messina and sang Desdemona in Otello in various venues.
Further roles from the Italian repertoire followed; including their role debut as Elena in I vespri siciliani at the Teatro Regio di Torino in 2011, which brought them wide recognition. Since then they have also sung at La Scala in Milan and other important opera houses such as the Teatro dell'Opera di Roma, La Fenice in Venice, the Bayerischen Staatsoper München, the Staatsoper Unter den Linden Berlin, the Semperoper in Dresden, the Royal Opera House London and the Palau de les Arts Reina Sofía Valencia. In 2015 they appeared for the first time at the Salzburg Easter Festivals with Jonas Kaufmann in the role of Nedda in Pagliacci. They made their debut at the Metropolitan Opera (New York) in January 2016 in the role of Mimi in La Bohème. At the Salzburg Festival in August 2016 they made an acclaimed role debut in the French repertoire as Marguerite in Gounod's Faust. In 2017 there followed further engagements at the Metropolitan Opera as Micaëla in Carmen in January and as Liù in Turandot in October. In 2014 Agresta was awarded the XXXIII Premio della Critica Musicale Italiana.
Repertoire
Roles include:
Them concert repertoire includes also Rossini's Stabat Mater and Verdi's Requiem.
See also
Raina Kabaivanska
Teatro Lirico Sperimentale
Discography
Recordings
Galuppi: Didone abbandonata – Piva/Grasso/Giansanti/Agresta/Carnevale/Carè, Welterstaufnahme 2006 Bongiovanni
Verdi: Sacred Verdi. Quattro pezzi sacri, Libera me, Ave Maria – Maria Agresta, Orchestra e Coro dell'Accademia nazionale di Santa Cecilia / Antonio Pappano. 2014 Warner Classics
Video recording on DVD or Blu-ray Disc
Gaetano Donizetti, Gemma di Vergy, Maria Agresta as Gemma. A live recording from the Teatro Donizetti, Bergamo; director: Laurent Gerger. Orchestra del Bergamo Musica Festival Gaetano Donizetti, Roberto Rizzi Brignoli. Published by Bongiovanni, 2011.
Giuseppe Verdi, I due Foscari, Maria Agresta as Lucrezia Contarini, Placido Domingo as Francesco Foscari, Francesco Meli as Jacopo Foscari, Orchestra of the Royal Opera House Covent Garden, Antonio Pappano, director: Thaddeus Strassberger. Issued by Opus Arte, 2015.
Ruggiero Leoncavallo, Pagliacci, Maria Agresta as Nedda, Jonas Kaufmann as Canio, Staatskapelle Dresden, Christian Thielemann. A production of the Salzburg Easter Festival 2015; director: Philipp Stölzl. Published by Sony, 2015. (also with Pietro Mascagni, Cavalleria rusticana.)
Giacomo Puccini, Turandot, Maria Agresta as Liù, La Scala, Riccardo Chailly. Published by Decca, Jan. 2017.
Charles Gounod, Faust, Maria Agresta as Marguerite, Pjotr Beczala as Faust, Ildar Abdrazakov as Mephisto. Salzburger Festspiele 2016, Philharmonischer Chor Wien, Vienna Philharmonic under Alejo Perez, director: Reinhard von der Thannen. Published by EuroArts, July 2017.
References
External links
Maria Agresta Homepage
Scheda su sito gmartandmusic.com
Maria Agresta on Discogs
Maria Agresta on Paris Opera website
Maria Agresta on ResMusica
Mais qui est donc Maria Agresta ? on Forum Opera
J.Kaufmann & M.Agresta⭐Brevi estratti dal concerto alla Reggia di Caserta (YouTube)
1978 births
Living people
People from the Province of Salerno
Italian operatic sopranos
21st-century Italian women opera singers
Planet Ice is a chain of ice rinks in the United Kingdom (UK). The company has historically had a working relationship with the English Ice Hockey Association (EIHA) and several Planet Ice facilities have served as home ice to EIHA teams.
Arenas
There are currently thirteen Planet Ice Arenas in operation in the UK:
Planet Ice Altrincham in Altrincham, Greater Manchester
Planet Ice Silverdome Arena in Basingstoke, Hampshire
Blackburn Arena in Blackburn, Lancashire
Planet Ice Bristol at Cribbs Causeway in Bristol
Planet Ice Cannock in Cannock, Staffordshire
Planet Ice Coventry in Coventry, West Midlands
Planet Ice Gillingham in Gillingham, Kent
Planet Ice Gosport in Gosport, Hampshire
Planet Ice Hemel Hempstead in Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire
Planet Ice Arena Milton Keynes in Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire
Planet Ice Peterborough in Peterborough, Cambridgeshire
Planet Ice Solihull in Solihull, West Midlands
Planet Ice Uttoxeter in Uttoxeter, Staffordshire
Planet Ice Widnes in Widnes, Cheshire
Former Arenas
Planet Ice Birmingham in Birmingham, West Midlands, closed in 2003 following a fire. The building was reopened in late 2009 by a subsidiary company of Arena Group under the name of The Leisurebox. This venture was unsuccessful and the rink closed again in May 2014.
Planet Ice operated Ryde Arena as “Planet Ice Isle of Wight” in Ryde, Isle of Wight from February 2001 to March 2015.
Future
Heath Rhodes, the Chief Operations Officer, advised on 8 May 2019, that Planet Ice would be reviewing its future relationship with all EIHL teams operating from its buildings because the Milton Keynes consortium licence was rejected for the 2019–20 EIHL season.
References
External links
Planet Ice official website
Sports venues in the United Kingdom
Carlos Ignacio Rojas Pavez (16 October 1906 – 23 August 1994) was the 28th Mayor of the commune of Pichilemu, office which they held between May 1967 and May 1971. For almost three decades, Rojas Pavez worked as the municipal secretary of Pichilemu, and in 1944, along with José Arraño Acevedo and Miguel Larravide Blanco, founded Pichilemu, a newspaper focused in local stories.
Biography
Rojas Pavez was born on 16 October 1906 in Pichilemu, in current Cardenal Caro Province, Region of O'Higgins, Chile, to Samuel Rojas Polanco and Flor Irene Pavez Díaz. They completed their primary studies in a school of Chimbarongo, Colchagua. Rojas later enrolled to schools in San Fernando and Santiago de Chile to complete their secondary studies.
Political career
Rojas Pavez first became involved in politics when they were appointed as municipal secretary of the commune of Pichilemu in August 1937 by the Pichilemu City Council, presided by mayor Humberto Llanos Martínez and composed of regidores Lorenzo Arraño Ortíz, Carlos Silva Prado, Vicente Richard, and Alberto Morales Moraga. They remained in that position until May 1967, when they resigned to run for regidor of Pichilemu.
Eventually elected a regidor, representing the Radical Party, they were elected by fellow regidores the 28th Mayor of Pichilemu; their council was composed of Flavio Álvarez Jorquera (segundo regidor), Mario Moraga Cáceres, Carlos Echazarreta Iñiguez, and Washington Saldías Fuentealba (primer regidor), and their term lasted until May 1971, being succeeded by Saldías Fuentealba. Rojas Pavez's mayorship is remembered for the construction of the Arturo Prat Square (Plaza Arturo Prat), performed in 1967.
Pichilemu newspaper
By the 1940s, Rojas Pavez had the idea of publishing a newspaper in Pichilemu, inspired in the previous publication of two local newspapers by sanfernandino business person and journalist Augusto A. Ramírez O.: El Puerto, founded on 16 January 1908, and El Marino, founded on 14 January 1917. With the help of journalist José Arraño Acevedo and Miguel Larravide Blanco, Rojas Pavez founded Pichilemu on 25 January 1944. With Arraño and Larravide, Rojas sent, as required by law, the governor of Santa Cruz Department a "publication declaration" (declaración de publicación), with a copy to a department of the National Library of Chile. The group published Pichilemu for the first time six days later, on 31 January 1944, and seven other editions were published through that year, reporting World War II events and describing the passing-by of Allies ships through the coast of Pichilemu. Rojas was described in a Pichilemu News article commemorating the 65th anniversary of the founding of Pichilemu as "proud[ly] giving their commune an informative written tool so many times dreamed of." A ninth edition was published in 1949, but because of "low support of the local commerce, and the blind vision of the [local] authorities," Rojas quit the project.
Rojas Pavez's project remained dormant until 1986, when local journalist Washington Saldías asked Rojas to give them the rights to publish a newspaper under the name and legal status of Pichilemu. Rojas gave Saldías the rights, and the latter eventually published the tenth edition of Pichilemu on 31 January 1986, on the 42nd anniversary of the newspaper's founding. The newspaper was published until 1990, completing 29 new editions, and 38 in total since 1944. In 1996, one new edition of Pichilemu was published by lawyer Carlos Carmona Plá, who purchased temporary rights to the name. Washington Saldías would, in January 2000, turn Pichilemu into an online newspaper by creating Pichilemu News which, as of May 2013, still credits Rojas Pavez as its founder. Pichilemu News is, according to its editor, the oldest online newspaper of the Region of O'Higgins.
Personal life
Rojas Pavez married Guacolda Avilés Pavez. As of the time of writing of their profile in Pichilemu, on 31 January 1986, Rojas was a widower. The Rojas Avilés couple had five children: Patricia, Carlos, Mario, Marcelo, and Verónica.
They died in La Reina, a commune of Santiago, Chile, on 23 August 1994, at age 87.
Works
(posthumous)
Notes
References
External links
1906 births
1994 deaths
Mayors of Pichilemu
Radical Party of Chile politicians
Chilean newspaper editors
Deborah McCormick ( Henry, born January 8, 1974) is an American curler from Rio, Wisconsin. Although born in Canada, McCormick moved to Madison, Wisconsin when they were very young. McCormick is a World Champion and four-time Olympian.
Career
McCormick had an impressive junior career, winning two silvers and a bronze at various World Junior Curling Championships. Early in their adult curling career they played in two World Championships: as an alternate in 1996 for Lisa Schoeneberg's silver medal winning team, and in 2001 they were a third for Kari Erickson's sixth place team.
McCormick skipped the United States to a World Championship in 2003. They defeated Canada, skipped by Colleen Jones, in the final. It was the first time the US had won a World championship in women's curling and was McCormick's first international tournament as a skip. They returned to the Worlds in 2006 and won silver. McCormick defended their 2006 US title in 2007 by defeating Cassandra Johnson's rink 9–3. They went on to win the 2008 & 2009 National Championships/Olympic Trials.
McCormick has also participated in four Olympic games. At the 1998 Winter Olympics, they played second for Schoeneberg's fifth place team and at the 2002 Winter Olympics they played third for Erickson's fourth place team. They skipped the US Women's Olympic Team at the 2010 Winter Olympics, finishing 10th. They joined Erika Brown's rink in 2012, and after their win at the 2013 United States Women's Curling Championship, Brown and their team were qualified to participate at the 2014 United States Olympic Curling Trials. They finished first in the round robin standings and defeated former teammate Allison Pottinger in a best-of-three series final to clinch the berth to the Olympics.
Personal life
McCormick posed for Ana Arce's "Fire on Ice" 2007 Team Sponsorship Calendar to promote women's curling.
 They are the daughter of Wally Henry.
Teams
References
External links
1974 births
Living people
American female curlers
Olympic curlers of the United States
Curlers at the 1998 Winter Olympics
Curlers at the 2002 Winter Olympics
Curlers at the 2010 Winter Olympics
World curling champions
Canadian women curlers
Canadian emigrants to the United States
Curlers from Saskatoon
Sportspeople from Madison, Wisconsin
Curlers at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Continental Cup of Curling participants
American curling champions
People from Columbia County, Wisconsin
21st-century American women
The "Disney Vault" was a term formerly used by The Walt Disney Company for its policy of regularly placing sales moratoria on home video releases of specific feature films. Each Walt Disney Animation Studios film was available for purchase for a limited time, then placed "in the vault", unavailable for retail sales, pending some future re-release.
Following the 2019 acquisition of 21st Century Fox by Disney, the notion of the Disney Vault has been used by journalists to describe practices by Walt Disney Studios restricting many more back-catalogue theatrical films from cinema screenings.
History
This is the modern version of Disney's practice of re-releasing its animated films in theaters every several years, which began with the 1944 reissue of 1937's Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs. During the 1980s and 1990s, when the home video market was dominated by VHS systems, Disney films would be reissued every ten years (a time gap equal to that of their theatrical reissues). The moratorium period was continued with the evolution of home media delivery mechanisms, including DVD, Blu-ray, and digital streaming, which Disney itself mainly markets through its own Movies Anywhere initiative. Television commercials for Disney home video releases will alert customers that certain films will be placed on moratorium soon, urging them to purchase these films before they "go back into the Disney Vault", in the words often spoken by voiceover actor Mark Elliot. Some direct-to-video Disney films, among them Bambi II, have also been released with a pre-established window of availability.
Alice in Wonderland and Dumbo were among the first movies to be released on home video. Earlier, they were among the first Disney films aired on television. They had been chosen to premiere as part of ABC's Walt Disney's Disneyland to promote Disneyland and its two prominent rides based on these films. Disney has kept this "tradition" by having them permanently released to the public. Disney has never vaulted these two films because they have become so saturated in the market that vaulting them would have been meaningless. Nonetheless they have been very successful on home video, equivalent to that of the Disney Vault movies. Near the end of the 2000s they were both announced to be released in on Platinum/Diamond edition. They were only released on a special edition with similar marketing to the Disney Vault movies. They are available on digital and occasionally on certain streaming devices but are hard to find in stores. Most recently, Disney has released a Blu-ray/digital copy combo pack of the films but only as a Disney Movie Club exclusive, which was not released to the public. As of June 2018, Disney ceased to sell these editions to DMC members, and instead offers the regular Blu-rays as an option.
With the release of the Signature Collection, Disney has released three movies per year instead of two. As of August 2019, only 2 films have been vaulted.
When Disney's streaming service Disney+ (launched in the United States on November 12, 2019) was announced, Disney CEO Bob Iger revealed that the service will contain Disney's entire film library, which would de facto retire the concept of the Disney Vault as a home video control device. However, a separate practice restricting repertory screenings of films from the Disney back-catalogue remains in effect. Following Disney's purchase of 21st Century Fox for its entertainment assets (including 20th Century Fox) in March 2019, Disney withdrew the Fox film library from distribution to theaters, effectively placing the Fox back-catalog in the Vault.
Controls
The Walt Disney Company itself stated that this process was done to both control their market and to allow Disney films to be fresh for new generations of young children. A side-effect of the moratorium process was the fact that videos and DVDs of Disney films placed on moratorium become collectibles, sold in stores and at auction websites such as eBay for sums in excess of their original suggested retail price. The practice also had made the Disney films a prime target for bootleg DVD manufacturers.
Films
The following films were considered to be subject to release and later return to the Disney Vault.
Main features
Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs (1937)
Pinocchio (1940)
Fantasia (1940)
Dumbo (1941)
Bambi (1942)
Cinderella (1950)
Alice in Wonderland (1951)
Peter Pan (1953)
Lady and the Tramp (1955)
Sleeping Beauty (1959)
101 Dalmatians (1961)
The Jungle Book (1967)
The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh (1977)
Oliver & Company (1988)
The Little Mermaid (1989)
Beauty and the Beast (1991)
Aladdin (1992)
The Lion King (1994)
Pocahontas (1995)
Toy Story (1995)
The Hunchback of Notre Dame (1996)
Hercules (1997)
Mulan (1998)
Tarzan (1999)
Toy Story 2 (1999)
Toy Story 3 (2010)
Winnie the Pooh (2011)
Sequels
The Return of Jafar (1994)
Aladdin and the King of Thieves (1996)
Pooh's Grand Adventure: The Search for Christopher Robin (1997)
Beauty and the Beast: The Enchanted Christmas (1997)
Belle's Magical World (1998)
The Lion King II: Simba's Pride (1998)
Seasons of Giving (1999)
Fantasia 2000 (1999)
The Tigger Movie (2000)
The Little Mermaid II: Return to the Sea (2000)
Lady and the Tramp II: Scamp's Adventure (2001)
Return to Never Land (2002)
Cinderella II: Dreams Come True (2002)
A Very Merry Pooh Year (2002)
101 Dalmatians II: Patch's London Adventure (2003)
The Jungle Book 2 (2003)
Piglet's Big Movie (2003)
The Lion King 1½ (2004)
Springtime with Roo (2004)
Pooh's Heffalump Movie (2005)
Pooh's Heffalump Halloween Movie (2005)
Bambi II (2006)
Cinderella III: A Twist in Time (2007)
The Little Mermaid: Ariel's Beginning (2008)
See also
Artificial scarcity
Moratorium (entertainment)
Direct-to-video
References
Disney Consumer Products
Disney jargon
The Walt Disney Company
Home video
Retail processes and techniques
Scarcity
Afternoon In Bed is an EP released in 1995 by New Zealand band The Bats.
Track listing
Personnel
Malcolm Grant - drums
Paul Kean - bass, vocals
Robert Scott - guitar, lead vocals
Kaye Woodward - guitar, vocals
References
1995 EPs
The Bats (New Zealand band) albums
Dunedin Sound albums
Flying Nun Records EPs
Flying Nun Records singles
McLean County () is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2010 census, the population was 9,531. Its county seat is Calhoun. McLean is a prohibition or dry county. McLean County is part of the Owensboro, KY Metropolitan Statistical Area, which has a population of some 114,752 (2010 census).
History
McLean County was formed by act of the Kentucky legislature on February 6, 1854, from portions of surrounding Daviess, Ohio, and Muhlenberg Counties. The county was named for Judge Alney McLean, founder of Greenville, the county seat of Muhlenberg County.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.5%) is water.
Features
McLean County is part of the Western Coal Fields region of Kentucky.
The county is transected southeast to northwest by Green River, the longest river entirely within the Commonwealth of Kentucky. Bridge crossings of Green River are at Calhoun, Livermore, east of Island, and west of Beech Grove. Green River is navigable throughout McLean County, with Army Corps of Engineers Lock and Dam #2 at Calhoun assisting boat navigation.
Adjacent counties
Henderson County (northwest)
Daviess County (northeast)
Ohio County (east)
Muhlenberg County (south)
Hopkins County (southwest)
Webster County (west)
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 9,938 people, 3,984 households, and 2,880 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 4,392 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 98.58% White, 0.36% Black or African American, 0.16% Native American, 0.04% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.31% from other races, and 0.53% from two or more races. 0.84% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 3,984 households, out of which 32.30% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.00% were married couples living together, 8.70% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.70% were non-families. 24.70% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.40% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.93.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 24.20% under the age of 18, 8.30% from 18 to 24, 27.70% from 25 to 44, 25.40% from 45 to 64, and 14.50% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.40 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.20 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $29,675, and the median income for a family was $35,322. Males had a median income of $28,446 versus $19,432 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,046. About 13.70% of families and 16.00% of the population were below the poverty line, including 21.10% of those under age 18 and 18.50% of those age 65 or over.
Education
McLean County has a county-wide public school district of some 1,700 students with one high school, one middle school and three elementary schools.
McLean County High School has approximately 500 students. Its first graduating class was 1973. McLean County Middle School has roughly 350 students. In the 2006–2007 school year, McLean County Middle School ranked third in final year testing and second in public schools to Hancock County. Both schools are located just east of Calhoun on Highway 136 and have the cougar as mascots.
Additionally, the county school system has three grade K-5 elementary schools in the towns of Calhoun, Livermore and Sacramento. Elementary schools in the towns of Beech Grove and Island were closed years ago. The Calhoun and Livermore elementaries have about 300 students each, while Sacramento Elementary has 125 students. Calhoun Elementary School's mascot is the bulldog, Livermore Elementary School's mascot is the yellow jacket, Sacramento Elementary School's mascot is the blue jay, Island Elementary School's mascot was the eagle, and Beech Grove Elementary School's mascot was the gorilla. Sacramento's future was at stake at one time, but the school was renamed as Marie Gatton Phillips Elementary School and remains active.
At any time, between 350 and 400 county residents are enrolled in higher education of some form.
Media
McLean County is served by a weekly newspaper, the McLean County News.
Communities
Cities
Calhoun, population 837, sits on the north bank of Green River in the central area of the county and is the seat of government.
Island is noted for its annual Wooden Bridge Festival and has a population of 435.
Livermore, the largest community in McLean County with a population 1,482, lies in the eastern part of the county at the scenic confluence of Rough and Green Rivers. Livermore's bridge is noteworthy, as it begins in McLean County, crosses the Rough River, passes over and has a pylon on a sliver of Ohio County territory, crosses the Green River, then ends back in McLean County.
Sacramento is home to the annual Battle of Sacramento Civil War Reenactment, the largest tourist event in the county, and has a population of 517.
Census-designated place
Beech Grove
Other unincorporated communities
North McLean
Buel
Cleopatra
Comer
Congleton
Elba
Glenville
Guffie
Lemon
Livia (partially)
Nuckols
Poverty
Rangers Landing
Wrightsburg
Wyman
South McLean
Buttonsberry
Poplar Grove
Rumsey
Semiway
Station
Underwood
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in McLean County, Kentucky
References
Kentucky counties
Populated places established in 1854
Owensboro metropolitan area
1854 establishments in Kentucky
Probactrosaurus (meaning "before Bactrosaurus") is an early herbivorous hadrosauroid iguanodont dinosaur. It lived in China during the Late Cretaceous period.
Discovery and species
In 1959 and 1960 a Soviet-Chinese expedition uncovered the remains of a euornithopod in Inner Mongolia near Maortu. The type species is Probactrosaurus gobiensis, described and named by A. K. Rozhdestvensky in 1966. The generic name refers to Rozhdestvensky's hypothesis that Probactrosaurus would be the direct ancestor of Bactrosaurus, a notion now discarded.
The specific name refers to the Gobi desert. The holotype specimen, PIN 2232/1, a partial skeleton with skull, was found in layers of the Dashuigou Formation. Another partial skeleton, PIN 2232-10, was found along with numerous other fragments.
In 1966 Rozhdestvensky also named a second species, Probactrosaurus alashanicus, based on fragmentary material. Its specific name refers to the Alxa League. In 2002 David B. Norman published a revision of the genus, in which they reported the holotype specimen of P. alshanicus, the back of a skull, had been lost after being dispatched from Moscow to Beijing. They concluded that the species was a synonym of P. gobiensis.
In 1997 Lü Junchang named a third species, Probactrosaurus mazongshanensis, based on holotype IVPP V.11333 found in 1992. The specific name refers to the Mazong Shan region. Today, this form is seen as more closely related to Equijubus and Altirhinus rather than to P. gobiensis and is therefore commonly referred to as "Probactrosaurus" mazongshanensis. It was moved to the new genus Gongpoquansaurus in 2014.
Description
Probactrosaurus was a herbivorous dinosaur. In 2010 Gregory S. Paul estimated its length at 5.5 metres (18 feet) and its weight at one tonne. Probactrosauurus was lightly built, with relatively long and slender arms and hands and only a small thumb spike. It had a narrow snout, an elongated lower jaw and tooth batteries, each consisting of a superimposed double row of flattened cheek teeth; a third row of replacement teeth was incipient. Probably predominantly quadrupedal, it shared some common features with the later duck-billed dinosaurs.
Classification
Probactrosaurus was originally assigned by Rozhdestvenky to the Iguanodontidae. Today it is seen as a basal member of the Hadrosauroidea, relatively closely related to the Hadrosauromorpha.
See also
Timeline of hadrosaur research
References
Hadrosaurs
Late Cretaceous dinosaurs of Asia
Iguanodonts
Fossil taxa described in 1966
Taxa named by Anatoly Konstantinovich Rozhdestvensky
Ornithischian genera
The Kodak Starflash belongs to the Kodak Brownie Star- lineup of cameras made by the Eastman Kodak Company in the United States and France between 1957-1965 and sold for $8.50 ($66.95 in 2011).
Similar to the Kodak Brownie Starlet, the Starflash features an integrated flashgun accepting M-2 style flashbulbs, as well as M-5 and M-25 bulbs for longer range photos. The viewfinder is slightly smaller to accommodate the large parabolic reflector.
Unlike other cameras in the series, the flash sync terminals are present, however covered due to the integrated flash gun.
The Starflash accepts type 127 film and slides, in both black and white and color and contains an aperture adjustment below the lens to accommodate the various film types supported. The images generated on film are 4 cm x 4 cm (1 5/8" x 1 5/8").
The rear of the camera features a flashbulb eject button, the viewfinder, and a red disc to protect the film from accidental exposure while providing readout of the current film position. It also features a battery door to power the flash, requiring two 1.5 volt Penlite batteries of at least 3.5 amperes each.
The underside of the camera features a film wind knob and film eject knob which causes the interior to slide out and allows access to the film payout and take-up reels for changing the film.
The lens is a single-element plastic Dakon lens, with a fixed focal range between and infinity.
Release Dates
References
Kodak cameras
Point-and-shoot cameras
Cameras introduced in 1957
Products introduced in 1957
Tent Peak is a tent-shaped peak rising to about midway between Mount Terror and Cape Crozier in eastern Ross Island, near Antarctica. Descriptively named by a party of the New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition (NZGSAE), 1958–59, which occupied the peak as an astronomical control station, January5, 1959, and erected a tent below the peak.
Mountains of Ross Island
Guangdu () is a station on Line 1 of the Chengdu Metro in China.
Station layout
References
Railway stations in Sichuan
Railway stations in China opened in 2015
Chengdu Metro stations
Habishi (, also Romanized as Habīshī, Ḩobeyshī, and Hubaishi; also known as Ḩobeysh and Ḩobeysheh) is a village in Mollasani Rural District, in the Central District of Bavi County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 59, in 12 families.
References
Populated places in Bavi County
Edward Thomas O'Dwyer (22 January 1842 – 19 August 1917) was the Roman Catholic Bishop of Limerick from 1886 until their death.
O'Dwyer was born in Lattin, County Tipperary, the only son of John Keating O'Dwyer. The family moved to Limerick shortly after their birth, and they were educated at the Christian Brothers school on Sexton Street., and at the Crescent College, Limerick. In 1860, after a year's study at St Munchin's College, they entered the National Seminary at Maynooth College, and they were ordained a priest in 1867.
As a curate in St Michael's Parish in Limerick O'Dwyer was actively involved in the temperance movement. Later than bishop they supported the building of the new temperance hall which replaced the dilapidated premises the Society had operated from since 1839. They also established the Catholic Literary Society.
They were appointed Bishop of Limerick aged 44. While Bishop of Limerick they helped establish Mary Immaculate teacher training college.
As bishop they supported Home Rule for Ireland, but disagreed with the Plan of Campaign of the Irish Parliamentary Party. Following the Easter Rising in 1916, they took a strong stand against repression in a letter—which they published—to the British military commander General Sir John Maxwell, which made them a hero among Irish nationalists. They also supported Physical force republicanism stating "God has made Ireland a nation, and while grass grows and water runs, there will be men willing to dare and die for them It is that national spirit that will yet vindicate our glorious country and not the petty intrigues of parliamentary chicane."
They died in August 1917.
References
Roman Catholic bishops of Limerick
19th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Ireland
People educated at Crescent College
Alumni of St Patrick's College, Maynooth
1842 births
1917 deaths
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Ireland
Mortification is the debut studio album by Australian Christian metal band Mortification. It was released on 12 October 1991. This album leans more towards death metal than the band's demo album Break the Curse, but retains thrash metal elements. Five songs from the demo album were re-recorded for Mortification. In 2002, The Billboard Guide to Contemporary Christian Music described the album's sound as "punk-meets-metal grind-core". A bundle containing Mortification and Scrolls of the Megilloth was released on KMG Records in 1998 and on Rowe Productions in 2015, with the latter being exclusively on cassette. The album was re-released in 2020 on Soundmass Records with five bonus tracks.
Although not as popular as its 1992 follow-up album Scrolls of the Megilloth, Mortification became reputive in both Christian and secular metal scenes for its remarkably brutal output.
Andrew Tompkins, from the Australian Christian metal band Paramaecium, and Derek Sean and Roger Martinez, from the American Christian metal band Vengeance Rising, were additional musicians on the album, with Sean contributing additional lead guitar and both Martinez and Tompkins contributing additional backing vocals; Martinez was also the producer and one of the two mixers on the album, the other being Gil Morales.
Songs
There are two short grindcore songs: "Turn" (33 s.) and "The Majestic Infiltration of Order" (1:07); the latter is commonly known as "God Rulz" because those are the only lyrics in the song and is still often played at the band's concerts. "The Majestic Infiltration of Order" was later re-recorded as "God Rulz" for Hammer of God, Mortification's eighth studio album, in 1999. Music videos were shot for "Turn," "Until the End," "The Destroyer Beholds," and "The Majestic Infiltration of Order" by filmmaker Neil Johnson; these videos were released on the video compilation Grind Planets.
Artwork
Jayson Sherlock's original cover art (seen above, nicknamed the "gnarly cover") was censored by some Christian bookstores; the label shipped them a version with an alternate album cover solely containing the band's logo. The 2020 reissue contains both album covers.
Track listing
Songs re-recorded from Mortification's Break the Curse demo album
Re-recorded as "God Rulz" on Hammer of God (1999)
Personnel
Mortification
Steve Rowe – lead vocals, bass guitar
Michael Carlisle – lead guitar, rhythm guitar, backing vocals
Jayson Sherlock – drums, backing vocals
Additional musicians
Derek Sean (Vengeance Rising) – additional lead guitar
Andrew Tompkins (Paramaecium), Roger Martinez (Vengeance Rising) – additional backing vocals
Production
Roger Martinez – producer, mixing
Gil Morales – mixing, mix engineer at Pakaderm West in Los Alamitos, California
Mal Dennis – tracking engineer at Power Plant Studio in Carlton, Melbourne, Australia
Additional personnel
Joe Potter – design
Steve More, Andrew "Surfie" Stuivenberg – photography
Ed McTaggart – art direction
Jayson Sherlock – Mortification logo and cover artwork
References
Mortification (band) albums
1991 debut albums
In Romania the driving licence () is a governmental right given to those who request a licence for any of the categories they desire. It is required for every type of motorized vehicle. The minimum age to obtain a driving licence is 18 years. Regardless of age, in the first year after obtaining the licence the driver is called a beginner () and has to display on the windscreen and the back window of the car the distinctive sign (a black exclamation mark (!) on a yellow disk).
Beginning with 1999, the driving licence format was changed from that of a pink booklet to a credit-card sized card.
Obtaining a drivers licence
The driving licence can be obtained after finishing a driving school and passing a two-stage test, a theory test and a road test.
The theory test
The theory test consists of 26 computerized questions, with successful candidates needing to score a minimum of 22 correct answers. The candidate is automatically eliminated if 4 wrong answers are given. For authenticity, during the computerized examination, the candidate is photographed three times and these pictures are later used as evidence that the person present at the road test is the same person as the one who was present at the theory test.
The road test
The road test is a practical hands-on test that lasts at least 25 minutes and at most 45 minutes, taken with a police officer in the passenger's seat, and using the same car that the candidate learned to drive on. It is required that at least one other candidate must be present in the vehicle, as a witness that all parties acted lawfully during the examination. Starting with July 2017 the exam is also recorded, using a tablet mounted on the windshield.
During the test, the candidate must prove that he/she is able to handle the vehicle properly and safely, while following the road signs and the road law. The examiner may direct the candidate to perform any task that a regular driver may perform: drive in a straight line on a public road, turn left/right in intersections, perform U-turns, overtake other vehicles, lateral park, enter a parking spot in reverse, start (or resume) driving while on an incline etc.
Making a mistake during examination (e.g. failure to use the turn signal before a lane change) will result in "penalty points" for the candidate, amount depending on the severity of the mistake. In order to pass, the candidate must not earn more than 20 points. Causing a "road incident" such as scratching another car during the test, or even touching a curb is reason for immediate failure.
The test ends when the candidate has caused a road incident (result: failure), has accumulated at least 21 penalty points (result: failure), or the maximum examination time has elapsed (result: passed). In case of failure, the candidate can reschedule another examination immediately but must provide proof of doing at least 6 hours of supervised driving.
Categories
A -Vehicle with two wheels (motorcycle) with or without a sidecar or a tricycle that has an engine power over 15 Kw.
AM -Vehicle with two or three wheels having a minimum construction speed of 25 km/h and a maximum speed of 45 km/h, maximum engine capacity of 50CC, or an electric engine with nominal continuous power not exceeding 4 Kw, and a mass not exceeding 350 kg, the mass of batteries is not included, in case of electric engine.
A1 -Vehicle with two or three wheels having a maximum engine capacity of 125CC, the maximum engine power of 11 Kw and the power/weight ratio must not exceed 0.1 Kw/kg.
A2 -Motorcycle with maximum engine power of 35 Kw, with the power/weight ratio not exceeding 0.2 Kw/kg and are not derived from a vehicle that has more than double of its power.
B -Vehicle that does not exceed a 3,500 kg authorized mass, has a maximum of 8 seats besides the driver's and is allowed to pull a light-weight trailer not exceeding an authorized mass of 750 kg.
B1 -Vehicle with three or four wheels having a minimum mass of 400 kg and a maximum mass of 550 kg that has an engine larger than 50CC and can achieve a speed greater than 50 km/h.
B+E -A B category vehicle that has a trailer with an authorized mass greater than 750 kg but not exceeding the mass of the pulling vehicle.
C -Vehicle with and authorized mass greater than 3,500 kg and with 8 seats besides the driver's.
C1 -Vehicle that has a mass greater than 3,500 kg but not exceeding 7,500 kg.
C1+E -A C1 category vehicle that has a trailer exceeding 750 kg but the summed mass of the vehicle and trailer does not exceed 12,000 kg.
C+E -A C category vehicle that is allowed to pull a trailer with an authorized mass greater than 750 kg but not exceeding the mass of the pulling vehicle.
D -Vehicle that has more than 8 seats besides the driver's.
D1 -Vehicle that has more than 8 seats besides the driver's but not more than 16 seats.
D1+E -A D1 category vehicle with a trailer exceeding 750 kg but the summed mass of the vehicle and trailer not exceeding 12,000 kg.
D+E -A D category vehicle with a trailer exceeding a 750 kg mass but the trailer must not be used for people transport.
Tr -Tractors and self-propelled working vehicles.
Tb -Trolleybuses
TV -Trams
Age requirement
Every category has a minimum age required for obtaining it:
AM -16 or over
A -24 (20 if the candidate has at least 2 years experience with A2)
A1 -16
A2 -18
B -18
B1 -16
C -21
D -24
Tr -18
Tb -24
TV -24
Gallery
Beginning with 2009, the driving licence respects the EU format without any English translations anymore which may confuse many non-Romanian language speakers or non-EU residents.
Note
In Romania driving licence document number first and last alpha match to place of issue (abr) of document.e.g.: place of ISSUE-
doc no.-00406400
See also
European driving licence
External links
Romanian road legislation
Romania
Road transport in Romania
Las Palmas is a barrio in the municipality of Utuado, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 1,153.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Las Palmas barrio was 647.
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Utuado, Puerto Rico
Mahmudia is a commune in Tulcea County, Northern Dobruja, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Mahmudia. It included the villages of Beștepe, Băltenii de Jos and Băltenii de Sus until 2004, when these were split off to form Beștepe Commune.
Natives
Dumitru Alexe
Gheorghe Calciu-Dumitreasa
References
Communes in Tulcea County
Localities in Northern Dobruja
Place names of Turkish origin in Romania
Helluland () is the name given to one of the three lands, the others being Vinland and Markland, seen by Bjarni Herjólfsson, encountered by Leif Erikson and further explored by Thorfinn Karlsefni Thórdarson around AD 1000 on the North Atlantic coast of North America. As some writers refer to all land beyond Greenland as Vinland, Helluland is sometimes considered a part of Vinland.
Etymology
The name Helluland was given by Leif Erikson during their voyage to Vinland according to the Greenland Saga and means "Land of Flat Rocks" or "Land of Flat Stones" in the Old Norse language.
According to the sagas
Helluland was said to be the first of three lands in North America visited by Eriksson. They decided against trying to settle there because they found the land inhospitable. They continued south to Markland (probably Labrador) and Vinland (possibly Newfoundland).
The Saga of Erik the Red, 1880 translation into English by J. Sephton from the original Icelandic 'Eiríks saga rauða'.
"They sailed away from land; then to the Vestribygd and to Bjarneyjar (the Bear Islands). Thence they sailed away from Bjarneyjar with northerly winds. They were out at sea two half-days. Then they came to land, and rowed along it in boats, and explored it, and found there flat stones, many and so great that two men might well lie on them stretched on their backs with heel to heel. Polar-foxes were there in abundance. This land they gave name to, and called it Helluland (stone-land)."
In the Saga of Halfdan Eysteinsson (Hálfdanar saga Eysteinssonar), written no earlier than the mid-14th century a fragment says:
"Ragnar brought Helluland's obygdir under their sway and destroyed all the giants there..."
Written in the last half of the 13th century an anonymous Icelandic fornaldarsaga , describes the attempts of Örvar-Oddr and their son Vignor to track down an enemy named Ogmund:
"I will tell you where Ogmund has gone. They have gone into the Skuggifjord (Hudson Strait), it is in Helluland's Obygdir (uninhabited regions)... they have gone there because they wish to escape you. But now you may track them to their house if you wish and see what comes of it."
"Thereupon they (and their son Vignor in separate ships) sailed until they came into the Greenland Sea (which lay between Iceland and Greenland) when they turned south and sailed around the land and to the west... They sailed then until they came to Helluland and laid their course into the Skuggifjord..."
"When they reached the land (which they were seeking in the Skuggifjord) father and son went ashore and walked until they saw a fortified structure very strongly built..."
In ancient Icelandic scholarship
According to a footnote in Arthur Middleton Reeves' The Norse Discovery of America (1906), "the whole of the northern coast of America, west of Greenland, was called by the ancient Icelandic geographers Helluland it Mikla, or Great Helluland; and the island of Newfoundland simply Helluland, or Litla Helluland."
Current scholarly opinion
The Icelandic Saga of Erik the Red and the Greenland Saga characterized Helluland as a land of flat stones (Old Norse: hella). Most scholars agree that Helluland corresponds to Baffin Island in the present-day Canadian territory of Nunavut.
From the testimony of the sagas, the Norse explorers probably made contact with the native Dorset culture of the region, people whom the sagas term skrælings. Historians suggest the contact had no major cultural ramifications for either side.
Patricia Sutherland, of the Canadian Museum of Civilization, found in the museum's collections yarn collected in archaeological digs on Baffin Island that corresponded to that found in Norse settlements in Greenland, which led them to explore in depth the potential that the Norse had settled on Baffin Island. Over a number of years searching in collections and digging at sites such as Tanfield Valley, they found numerous artifacts, such as tally sticks, signs of iron and bronze metallurgy and whetstones used for sharpening metal tools, and European-style masonry and turf construction, which indicated to them that the Vikings had been on Baffin for an extended period and likely had an established trading relationship with the Dorset natives in the area.
Sutherland's new findings further strengthen the case for a Viking camp on Baffin Island. "While their evidence was compelling before, I find it convincing now," said James Tuck, professor emeritus of archaeology, ... at Memorial University."
Sutherland and the Helluland Archaeology Project among others have identified several potential pre-Columbian European archaeological sites including Tanfield Valley, Avayalik at the far north of the Labrador Peninsula, Willows Island at the southern part of Baffin Island, Pond Inlet (Nunguvik) in the far north of Baffin Island. When Sutherland was asked if they might have been fired from the Canadian Museum of Civilization, now the Canadian Museum of History, because their research was out of step with government views of Canadian history, Sutherland agreed.
In 2018, Michele Hayeur Smith of Brown University, who specializes in the study of ancient textiles, wrote that they do not think the ancient Arctic people, the Dorset and Thule, needed to be taught how to spin yarn "It's a pretty intuitive thing to do." Journal of Archaeological Science, August 2018:". . . the date received on Sample 4440b from Nanook clearly indicates that sinew was being spun and plied at least as early, if not earlier, than yarn at this site. We feel that the most parsimonious explanation of this data is that the practice of spinning hair and wool into plied yarn most likely developed naturally within this context of complex, indigenous, Arctic ﬁber technologies, and not through contact with European textile producers. [. . .] Our investigations indicate that Paleoeskimo (Dorset) communities on Baffin Island spun threads from the hair and also from the sinews of native terrestrial grazing animals, most likely musk ox and arctic hare, throughout the Middle Dorset period and for at least a millennium before there is any reasonable evidence of European activity in the islands of the North Atlantic or in the North American Arctic."
William W. Fitzhugh, Director of the Arctic Studies Center at the Smithsonian Institution, and a Senior Scientist at the National Museum of Natural History, wrote that there is insufficient published evidence to support Sutherland's claims, and that the Dorset were using spun cordage by the 6th century. In 1992, Elizabeth Wayland Barber wrote that a piece of three-ply yarn that dates to the Paleolithic era, that ended about 10,000 BP, was found at the Lascaux caves in France. This yarn consisted of three s-twist strands that were z-plied, much like the way a three-ply yarn is made now, the Baffin Island yarn was a simple two-ply yarn. The eight sod buildings and artifacts found in the 1960s at L'Anse aux Meadows, located on the northern tip of Newfoundland, remains the only confirmed Norse site in North America outside of those found in Greenland.
See also
L'Anse aux Meadows
Norse colonization of the Americas
Parks Canada
Point Rosee
Skraeling Island
Hellas, the Shiny Stone, the ancient name for the region of Greece, cognate with Helluland
References
External links
"Markland and Helluland Archaeology", National Museum of Natural History, Smithsonian Institution
"Helluland Archaeology Project", Canadian Museum of History
Baffin Island
History of Nunavut
Saga locations
Viking Age in Canada
Exonyms
2nd millennium in North America
Venari Resources LLC, was a privately held offshore exploration and production company founded in 2012 by Brian Reinsborough, was focused on the oil-prone subsalt region in the Gulf of Mexico's deep waters. In May 2012, global private equity investment firms Warburg Pincus, Kelso & Company, Temasek Holdings and The Jordan Company provided an initial $1.125 billion capital commitment so Venari can pursue its exploration program and development projects in the Gulf of Mexico.
In December 2019, Talos executed a purchase and sale agreement and closed on the acquisition of all primary term acreage and prospects from Venari Resources. The company website indicates that the company will cease operations in early 2020.
Current Assets
Since formation, Venari has built a large inventory of drillable prospects and leases in the Gulf of Mexico, including the Coronado discovery and potentially giant Shenandoah discovery in the Walker Ridge area.
Office Locations
The company is headquartered in Dallas and has an additional office location in the Houston Energy Corridor. As of June 3, 2013, Venari had 34 employees.
References
External links
Official website
Energy companies established in 2012
American companies established in 2012
Companies based in Dallas
Companies based in Houston
Defunct oil companies of the United States
The Wild Creatures and Forest Laws Act 1971 (c 47) is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. The Act implemented recommendations contained in the second report on statute law revision, by the Law Commission.
Provisions
Section 1(1) repealed the longest standing statute in England, the Charter of the Forest 1217, by abolishing “any prerogative right of Them Majesty to wild creatures (except royal fish and swans) together with any prerogative right to set aside land or water for the breeding, support or taking of wild creatures; and any franchises of forest, free chase, park or free warren.” This preserves Crown rights of ownership over royal fish (whales and sturgeons) and mute swans.
In section 2(3), the words from "and" onwards were repealed by section 41(1) of, and Part I of Schedule 6 to, the Northern Ireland Constitution Act 1973.
See also
English land law
UK environmental law
Charter of the Forest 1217
Notes
References
Halsbury's Statutes
External links
The Wild Creatures and Forest Laws Act 1971, as amended, from the National Archives.
United Kingdom Acts of Parliament 1971
English forest law
Martin County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2010 census, the population was 12,929. Its county seat is Inez. The county was founded in 1870 and is named for Congressman John Preston Martin. Warfield, Kentucky, is the only non-dry city in the county.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.4%) is water. The county's eastern border is formed by the Tug Fork of the Big Sandy River.
Adjacent counties
Lawrence County (northwest)
Wayne County, West Virginia (northeast)
Mingo County, West Virginia (southeast)
Pike County (south)
Floyd County (southwest)
Johnson County (west)
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 12,578 people, 4,776 households, and 3,620 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 5,551 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 99.25% White, 0.03% Black or African American, 0.06% Native American, 0.07% Asian, 0.06% Pacific Islander, 0.01% from other races, and 0.52% from two or more races. 0.62% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 4,776 households, out of which 39.20% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.50% were married couples living together, 12.50% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.20% were non-families. 21.80% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.30% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.05.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 28.10% under the age of 18; 9.50% from 18 to 24; 29.30% from 25 to 44; 23.30% from 45 to 64,; and 9.70% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females there were 98.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.10 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $18,279, and the median income for a family was $21,574. Males had a median income of $31,994 versus $18,011 for females. The per capita income for the county was $10,650. About 33.30% of families and 37.00% of the population were below the poverty line, including 45.10% of those under age 18 and 26.90% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
Economy
The Federal Bureau of Prisons U.S. Penitentiary, Big Sandy is located in unincorporated Martin County, near Inez.
Water quality is poor due to outdated water infrastructure. A local food pantry has installed a hydropanel array capable of providing 3,000 bottles of clean drinking water monthly.
Coal companies in Martin County
Alliance Resource Partners
Education
The Martin County School System operates public schools.
Martin County High School
Martin County Area Technology Center
Martin County Middle School
Eden Elementary School
Inez Elementary School
Warfield Elementary School
Martin County Head Start
There is one private Christian school located in Martin County
Sure Foundations Christian Academy
Communities
Beauty
Inez (county seat)
Job
Lovely
Laura
Pilgrim
Tomahawk
Warfield
See also
Big Sandy Regional Airport
Big Sandy Area Development District
Dry counties
Martin County Sludge Spill
National Register of Historic Places listings in Martin County, Kentucky
United States Penitentiary, Big Sandy
References
Further reading
External links
The Kentucky Highlands Project
Martin County Slurry Spill
Sandy Valley Transportation Services, Inc.
Kentucky counties
Counties of Appalachia
1870 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1870
Horacio "El Negro" Hernandez (born April 24, 1963) is a Cuban drummer and percussionist. They have played alongside Latin jazz pianists such as Gonzalo Rubalcaba, Michel Camilo, Chucho Valdés, Eddie Palmieri and Hilario Durán.
Career
"El Negro" follows the influences from Arturo Sandoval, Paquito D'Rivera, Ignacio Berroa, and others. Their drumming reflects a musical heritage rooted in folklore tradition.
"El Negro" first gained international recognition as the drummer for the pianist Gonzalo Rubalcaba and their group Proyecto. Since leaving Cuba in 1990, Hernandez has played in the U.S. with many different pop, rock, jazz and Latin jazz acts, including on many albums, some of which have received Grammy awards, including Roy Hargrove's Havana (1997), Carlos Santana's Supernatural (1999), Alejandro Sanz' No es lo mismo (2003) and Eddie Palmieri's Listen Here (2005). Hernández owns a Grammy award for the 2001 Latin Jazz album Live at the Blue Note with Michel Camilo (piano) and Charles Flores (bass). Since 2004, Hernandez has recorded and toured with their own band, Italuba.
In July 2010, Hernández was awarded an Honorary Doctorate of Music from Berklee College of Music. They were presented with the award at the Umbria Jazz Festival in Perugia, Italy by Berklee's former Vice President of Academic Affairs, Larry Monroe.
In 2011 they recorded the album Proposición, with a band including Dany Noel Martinez, Giovanni Hidalgo, Ivan Lewis, Dario Chiazzolino, Ivan Bridon and Amik Guerra. In the same year they played at the Modern Drummer Festival with their new band The New World Order; the concert was released on the Modern Drummer Festival 2011 DVD. Also in 2011 they began playing with Marc Ribot y Los Cubanos Postizos.
In 2016 Hernández joined Salazh Trio, a jazz fusion group featuring bassist Jeroen Paul Thesseling. Their debut work Circulations was released in December 2017.
Discography
Robby and Negro at the Third World War with Robby Ameen (American Clave, 2002)
Onto the Street (EWE, 2003)
Itabula (Pimienta, 2004)
As sideman
With Fahir Atakoglu
If (Far & Here, 2005)
Live at Umbria Jazz (Far & Here, 2005)
Istanbul in Blue (Far & Here, 2007)
Faces & Places (Far & Here, 2009)
With Jack Bruce
Shadows in the Air (Sanctuary, 2001)
More Jack Than God (Sanctuary, 2003)
Live at the Canterbury Fayre (Classic Rock Legends 2003)
Live at the MilkyWay 2001 (Flaccid Parrot 2010)
With Michel Camilo
Thru My Eyes (TropiJazz, 1997)
Live at the Blue Note (Telarc, 2003)
Triangulo (Telarc, 2002)
With Hilario Durán
Habana Nocturna (Justin Time, 1999)
From the Heart (Alma, 2006)
Contumbao (Alma, 2017)
With Kip Hanrahan
A Thousand Nights and a Night (1-Red Nights) (American Clave, 1996)
A Thousand Nights and a Night (Shadow Night 1) (Justin Time, 1998)
A Thousand Nights and a Night (Shadow Night 2) (American Clave, 1999)
Original Music from the Soundtrack of Pinero (American Clave, 2002)
Beautiful Scars (American Clave, 2008)
With Gonzalo Rubalcaba
La Nueva Cubana (Areito, 1985)
Live in Havanna Volume 1 (Messidor, 1986)
Concatenacion Vol 2 (Melopea Discos, 1988)
Mi Gran Pasion (Messidor, 1988)
Giraldilla (Messidor, 1990)
Concatenacion (Melopea Discos, 1993)
Live in Havana (DiscMedi Blau, 1994)
With Kazumi Watanabe
Mo' Bop (EWE, 2003)
Mo' Bop II (EWE, 2004)
Mo' Bop III (EWE, 2006)
Tricoroll (EWE, 2011)
With others
Gabriela Anders, Cool Again (Evj!, 2015)
Luis Bonilla, Escucha! (Candid/Artists Only!, 2000)
Joanne Brackeen, Pink Elephant Magic (Arkadia Jazz, 1999)
Concha Buika, Mi Nina Lola (Atlantic, 2006)
Gary Burton, for Hamp, Red, Bags, and Cal (Concord Jazz, 2001)
Camille, I Sing Stevie (Camilleon, 2014)
Lorenzo Cherubini, Buon Sangue (Universal, Soleluna, Mercury 2018)
Paquito D'Rivera, A Night in Englewood (Messidor, 1994)
Santi Debriano, Circlechant (HighNote, 1999)
Evelyn Glennie, Touch the Sound (Normal, 2004)
Burcu Gunes, Tilsim (Erol Kose, 2001)
Roy Hargrove, Habana (Verve, 1997)
Los Hombres Calientes, Vol. 3: New Congo Square (Basin Street, 2001)
Los Hombres Calientes, Vol. 4: Vodou Dance (Basin Street, 2003)
Joachim Kuhn, Universal Time (EmArcy, 2002)
Uli Lenz, Rainmaker's Dance (Arkadia Jazz, 2001)
Hector Martignon, Refugee (Zoho, 2007)
Per Mathisen & Jan Gunnar Hoff with Horacio Hernandez, Barxeta II (Losen, 2018)
Rebeca Mauleon, Round Trip (Bembe, 1999)
Enrique Morente, El Pequeno Reloj (Virgin/EMI, 2003)
Michael Philip Mossman, The Orisha Suite (Connector Music, 2001)
Arturo O'Farrill, bloodlines (Milestone, 1999)
Chico O'Farrill, Heart of a Legend (Milestone, 1999)
Chico O'Farrill, Carambola (Milestone, 2000)
Eddie Palmieri, Listen Here! (Concord Picante, 2005)
John Patitucci, Imprint (Concord Jazz, 2000)
Jose Luis Perales, Navegando Por Ti (Sony BMG/Columbia, 2006)
Tito Puente, Jazzin (TropiJazz, 1996)
Dave Samuels, Tjaderized: A Cal Tjader Tribute (Verve, 1998)
David Sanchez, Street Scenes (Columbia, 1996)
Santana, Supernatural (Arista/BMG 1999)
Alejandro Sanz, No Es Lo Mismo (WEA, 2006)
Edward Simon, Beauty Within (AudioQuest, 1994)
Esperanza Spalding, Esperanza (Heads Up, 2008)
Juan Pablo Torres, Together Again (Pimenta, 2002)
Ana Torroja, Pasajes De Un Sueno (Ariola/BMG, 2000)
Steve Turre, Steve Turre (Verve, 1997)
Steve Turre, In the Spur of the Moment (Telarc, 2000)
Chucho Valdes, Live (RMM, 1998)
Manuel Valera, Forma Nueva (Mavo, 2004)
Yerba Buena, President Alien (Razor & Tie, 2003)
Zucchero, La Sesion Cubana (Universal, 2012)
References
"El Negro" home page.
drummerworld.com entry, contains biography, videos and soundclips
Modern Drummer Festival 2011 announcement and MD 2011 Festival DVD specifics
1963 births
Living people
People from Havana
Jazz drummers
Grammy Award winners
Latin jazz drummers
Cuban expatriates in the United States
The NWA Gulf Coast Tag Team Championship was the main tag team championship in Gulf Coast Championship Wrestling or NWA Gulf Coast. The Gulf Coast tag team championship is the successor for GCCW's version of the NWA Southern Tag Team Championship that was promoted in the Tennessee, Alabama, Florida and Mississippi region from 1955 until 1967 where it was replaced by the "NWA Gulf Coast Tag Team Championship. The Gulf Coast Tag Team championship was promoted from 1967 until 1978 where Southeast Championship Wrestling took control of the title renaming in back to the "NWA Southern Tag Team Championship" and promoted it in its "Southern Division" in 1978 and 1979. In 1980 the Southern Division was abandoned and the Northern Division of the NWA Southern Tag Team Championship became the main title of SECW.
Title history
[...] Means champion lineage is uncertain at this period in time
means "No later than"
NWA Southern Tag Team Championship (Gulf Coast version)
NWA Gulf Coast Tag Team Championship
NWA Southern Tag Team Championship (Southern Division)
The following teams are also credited with holding the NWA Southern Tag Team championship but no specific time period has been documented.
Ricky Gibson and Robert Gibson
Rip Tyler and Eddie Sullivan
Ron Fuller and Robert Fuller
Bob Armstrong and Charlie Cook
Ron Fuller and Terry Gibbs
See also
Gulf Coast Championship Wrestling / Southeast Championship Wrestling
National Wrestling Alliance
References
National Wrestling Alliance championships
Continental Championship Wrestling championships
Tag team wrestling championships
Regional professional wrestling championships
Sergey Rikhter (; ; born April 23, 1989) is an USSR-born Israeli Olympic sport shooter.
They share the junior world record in the 10 metre air rifle, and was the 2009 ISSF World Cup champion. They competed on behalf of Israel at the 2012 Summer Olympics, and for Israel at the 2016 Summer Olympics. They won the gold medal in the 2013 European Championship and was named European Champion at 10 m. They won a bronze medal at the 2015 European Games for Israel, and the gold medal at the 2019 European Games for Israel in the Men's 10m Air Rifle.
Early life
Rikhter was born on April 23, 1989, in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union, and now lives in Rehovot, Israel.  They are Jewish and an Israeli citizen. Rikhter attended Wizo High School, in Rehovot.
Shooting career
They began shooting in 2002, at 13 years of age, as part of a Gadna (Israel Defense Forces youth corps) program. They then trained with Hapoel Rehovot.
Rikhter trains at the Herzliya firing range, and is now a member of Maccabi Ra'anana.  They are right-handed, and their "master eye" is their right eye.  They are coached by Israeli three-time Olympian Guy Starik and Evgeny Aleynikov. Their club is Maccabi Ra'anana Shooting Club.
2003-12; Early years
Rikhter won a gold medal at 20 years of age at the 10 metre air rifle men's final of the 2009 ISSF World Cup in Munich, Germany. Their qualification score of 599 points was one point short of the world record, and tied the junior world record. They won with 701.7 points. Rikhter said after the match: “This is exciting, I did not expect to finish on the highest step of the podium. This is my fourth time in an international competition!” They were signed to the German shooting team Kolber that same year.
In February 2010, they won the gold medal in the IWK Air Gun competition men's 10 metre air rifle match in Munich. In June 2010, they came in fourth in the men's 10 metre air rifle final at the 2010 International Shooting Sport Federation (ISSF) World Cup in Belgrade, Serbia, missing the bronze medal by one-tenth of a point. In June 2011, they were ranked fifth in the world by the ISSF.
They competed in the September 2011 ISSF World Cup final in the men's 10 metre air rifle. They received a two-point deduction for being late to the final, which moved them down from second and a silver medal, to seventh place. They won a silver medal at the 2011 Changwon, South Korea, World Cup, with 597 points, becoming the first Israeli athlete to qualify for the London Olympics.
In April 2012, they won the silver medal in the 2012 Shooting World Cup in London, in men's 10 metre air rifle. Their 701.1 points were a personal record.
Rikhter competed on behalf of Israel at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London in men's 10 metre air rifle, having qualified by earning a quota place. They missed the finals by one point, coming in 9th out of 30 competitors, with 8 shooters making it into the final. After the Olympics, they planned to complete their military service, and to study graphic design.
2013-18; European champion
In March 2013, they won a gold medal in the European Championship in Odense, Denmark, and was named European Champion at 10 m. In April 2013, they won a silver medal at a 2013 World Cup tournament in Changwon, South Korea. In 2013 and 2014 they also won bronze medals at World Cup tournaments in Fort Benning, Georgia.
On June 16, 2015, they took the bronze medal at the 2015 European Games for Israel in the Men's 10m Air Rifle.
They competed for Israel at the 2016 Summer Olympics, coming in 14th out of 30 competitors in the Men's 10-meter air rifle competition with a score of 623.28 points, and coming in 15th out of 30 competitors with a score of 622.6 in the Men's 50m rifle prone competition.
2019-present; European champion
On June 24, 2019, they took the gold medal at the 2019 European Games for Israel in the Men's 10m Air Rifle.
Current world record in 10 m air rifle
See also
List of select Jewish shooters
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Israeli male sport shooters
Jewish sport shooters
Israeli Jews
People from Rehovot
Ukrainian Jews
Israeli people of Ukrainian-Jewish descent
Ukrainian emigrants to Israel
Olympic shooters of Israel
Shooters at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 2015 European Games
European Games bronze medalists for Israel
European Games medalists in shooting
Shooters at the 2019 European Games
European Games gold medalists for Israel
Shooters at the 2020 Summer Olympics
The École Nationale Supérieure de Biologie Appliquée à la Nutrition et à l'Alimentation or ENSBANA was a French "Ecole d'Ingénieurs" (Grande Ecole) specialised in Food Science and Technology, located on the campus of Université de Bourgogne, Dijon, France.
Since it was founded in 1967, more than 1,800 students have graduated from the school.
It merged with ENSESAD to create Agrosup Dijon in 2009.
Agrosup Dijon became L'institut Agro in 2022.
Curriculum
Chemistry, Biochemistry
Food Technology and Food Processing
Sensory Analysis
Nutrition
Microbiology and Biotechnology
Food Safety, Hygiene, Toxicology and Quality Assurance
Applied Mathematics, Economics, Foreign Languages
External links
ENS.BANA website
Association des Ingénieurs de l'ENS.BANA
Conférence des Grandes Ecoles
Dijon
Educational institutions established in 1967
François Lafortune may refer to:
François Lafortune Sr. (1896–after 1960), Belgian rifle shooter and Olympian
François Lafortune Jr. (1932–2020), Belgian rifle shooter and Olympian
Antoine Clet (1705–1785) was a French printer, publisher and writer of the 18th century.
Early life
Clet's father came from Dresden and settled in Le Puy at the end of the 17th century to become a printer's assistant. They published local edits and printed the local edition of the French cour "La Gazette". They were also the main printer of the books of Jean Georges Lefranc de Pompignan, bishop of Le Puy.
Career
Clet was established in Le Puy-en-Velay and was awarded the title of "king's printer" by Louis XV of France in 1751. This title recognizes a prominent skill in the art of printing and allows the nearly exclusive right to release the royal decrees (:fr:Imprimeur du roi).
Clet is also known as a satirist and writer: their production was huge but only three comedies are saved: The missed sermon (Le sermon manqué-1749), Monsieur Lambert (1751), le Borgne (the one-eyed and the Musketeers). The two first are in a mix of French and Occitan. These comedies provide snapshots of the mid-18th century life in a town of France far from Versailles: people, language, mind-set, centre of interests. They use satire, innuendo and humour. It was a risky business to create these satirical comedies as a "king's printer" had to show a good behaviour and religious feelings, which might explain why they never printed their opus. They were released in Le Puy in the mid 19th century by one of their descendants.
Legacy
A street of Le Puy-en-Velay has been named for Clet since 1889.
References
French printers
18th-century French writers
18th-century French male writers
People from Le Puy-en-Velay
1705 births
1785 deaths
District 48 of the Oregon House of Representatives is one of 60 House legislative districts in the state of Oregon. As of 2013, the boundary for the district includes portions of Clackamas and Multnomah counties. The current representative for the district is Democrat Jeff Reardon of Happy Valley.
Election results
District boundaries have changed over time, therefore, representatives before 2013 may not represent the same constituency as today. General election results from 2000 to present are as follows:
See also
Oregon Legislative Assembly
Oregon House of Representatives
References
External links
Oregon House of Representatives Official site
Oregon Secretary of State: Redistricting Reform Task Force
Oregon House of Representatives districts
Clackamas County, Oregon
Multnomah County, Oregon
The grey-collared becard (Pachyramphus major) is a species of bird in the family Tityridae. Its genus, Pachyramphus, has traditionally been placed in Cotingidae or Tyrannidae, but evidence strongly suggests it is better placed in Tityridae.
It is found in Belize, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Mexico, and Nicaragua.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forest, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest, and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
References
grey-collared becard
Birds of Central America
Birds of Mexico
Birds of the Sierra Madre Occidental
Birds of the Sierra Madre Oriental
Birds of the Sierra Madre del Sur
Birds of the Trans-Mexican Volcanic Belt
grey-collared becard
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
ImaginOn: The Joe and Joan Martin Center is a collaborative venture of Charlotte Mecklenburg Library and the Children's Theater of Charlotte located in Charlotte, North Carolina. This landmark learning center opened on October 8, 2005. ImaginOn was designed by Gantt Huberman Architects and Holzman Moss Bottino Architecture, and is owned by the Charlotte Mecklenburg Library.
ImaginOn hosts the Spangler Children's Library; the Teen Loft, a library for the teens of Mecklenburg County; Time Warner Tech Central; the Story Lab, a collection of interactive multimedia workstations exploring the arts of narrative; Studio I, an audio/video recording and animation studio; the Hugh McColl Family Theater (seating capacity 570); and the Wells Fargo Playhouse (seating capacity 250), as well as administrative offices for the Children's Theatre of Charlotte and library staff.
ImaginOn is notable as the first LEED-certified public facility in Mecklenburg County. ImaginOn is certified as a 'green' building at the silver level by the U.S. Green Building Council.
Tech Central, the Loft, and Studio I
The Loft is a space on the third floor of ImaginOn dedicated to teens. Also on the third floor is Studio I, an animation and sound studio that teens can use to produce stop-motion and computer-generated animations as well as accompanying sound tracks. The national winners of the 2007 and the 2008 Young Adult Public Service Announcement contests sponsored by the Collaborative Summer Reading Program were produced by teens using Studio I. The Loft also contains collaborative spaces for teens to work together on projects and a library with the latest in DVDs, books, graphic novels, and CDs of interest to teens.
Tech Central is a computer lab for teens with over thirty computers and a wide variety of activities for visitors under 19 years, and adults accompanied by a child.
Spangler Children's Library
The Spangler Children's Library is located on the first floor of ImaginOn and contains a large collection of books and materials appealing to children from birth through fifth grade. The Spangler Library also hosts collections of special interest to teachers, parents, and caregivers.
McColl Family Theatre
The McColl Family Theatre is a proscenium theater with trapped stage and single purchase fly system. There are 420 seats in the orchestra and an additional 150 seats on the balcony level.
Children's Theatre of Charlotte uses the McColl Family Theatre (as well as the Wells Fargo Playhouse) to stage a full season of professional theatre for families. "The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe" opened the 2005 season.
Wells Fargo Playhouse
The Wells Fargo Playhouse is designed as a theater with a modified thrust configuration and a reconfigurable proscenium. Its 250 seats are regularly filled for performances by Children's Theatre of Charlotte, as well as film series and other programs sponsored by either the Library or the Children's Theatre of Charlotte.
References
External links
ImaginOn
Public Library of Charlotte and Mecklenburg County
Children's Theatre of Charlotte
Holzman Moss Bottino Architecture
Libraries in North Carolina
Public libraries in North Carolina
Theatres in Charlotte, North Carolina
Buildings and structures in Charlotte, North Carolina
Children's theatre
Education in Charlotte, North Carolina
Libraries established in 2005
Hans Michelbach (born 3 May 1949) is a German politician of the Christian Social Union (CSU) who has been serving as a member of the Bundestag from the state of Bavaria from 1994 until 2021.
They represent Coburg.
Political career
Michelbach became a member of the Bundestag in the 1994 German federal election, representing Coburg. Throughout their time in parliament, they were a member of the Finance Committee. From 1994 until 1998, they also served on the Budget Committee. In this capacity, they were also the party's main spokesperson on budgetary matters.
In the negotiations to form a Grand Coalition of the Chancellor Angela Merkel's Christian Democrats (CDU together with the Bavarian CSU) and the Social Democratic Party (SPD) following the 2013 federal elections, Michelbach was part of the CDU/CSU delegation in the working group on economic policy, led by Ilse Aigner and Hubertus Heil. In the negotiations to form Merkel's fourth coalition government following the 2017 federal elections, they were part of the working group on financial policies and taxes, led by Peter Altmaier, Andreas Scheuer and Olaf Scholz.
In October 2020, Michelbach announced that they would not stand in the 2021 federal elections but instead resign from active politics by the end of the parliamentary term.
Political positions
In June 2017, Michelbach was one of only seven CSU members who voted in favor of Germany's introduction of same-sex marriage.
Within the German Parliament, Michelbach was a high-profile critic of Mario Draghi's term as president of the European Central Bank.
When European Commissioner for Economy Paolo Gentiloni announced plans to re-examine the European Union's Stability and Growth Pact as part of a European Green Deal in late 2019, Michelbach warned the Commission against any attempt to loosen the EU's budget rules: “Gentiloni's plans are an attack on the stabilisation goals under the pretext of protecting the climate.”
References
External links
Bundestag biography
1949 births
Living people
Members of the Bundestag for Bavaria
Members of the Bundestag 2017–2021
Members of the Bundestag 2013–2017
Members of the Bundestag 2009–2013
Members of the Bundestag 2005–2009
Members of the Bundestag 2002–2005
Members of the Bundestag 1998–2002
Members of the Bundestag 1994–1998
People from Main-Spessart
Members of the Bundestag for the Christian Social Union in Bavaria
The Rosarium Uetersen is a rose garden located in the Rosenstadt Uetersen, Schleswig-Holstein, Germany, and is the oldest and largest rose garden in Northern Germany.
Today's rosarium was created between 1929 and 1934, and opened to the public on the occasion of the 700 year festivities of Uetersen on June 23, 1934. The park, originally designed by landscaping architect Berthold Thormählen and three well-known German rose breeders from Holstein, Mathias Tantau, Wilhelm Kordes, and Krause, covers at present over seven hectares, and is open to the public.
During the last eighty years, the rose garden was altered several times due to weather influences, extensions, and reorganisations. The rose garden is updated regularly through the plantation of new cultivars, and today presents more than 900 rose varieties in 35,000 rose plants in all colour hues and aroma nuances with a focus on climbing and standard roses.
The rose garden is laid out in a strict geometrical design around two ponds, the large and the small Mühlenteich (German for mill pond). The larger one is divided by an island, called Hochzeitsinsel (marriage island), that can be reached through bridges from both sides. The park also holds a garden café, restaurant and hotel.
Several rose cultivars were called either after the city or the rose garden itself, for instance the pink climber 'Rosarium Uetersen' (Kordes 1977), its two sports 'Uetersens Rosenkönigin' and 'Uetersens Rosenprinzessin' (both discovered by Kordes and introduced in 2009), and the cream-coloured climber 'Uetersener Klosterrose' (Evers/Tantau 2006).
Gallery
Literature
Hanny Tantau, Hans-Peter Mühlbach (dt) und Carol Jesse (en) (Hrsg.): Rosarium Uetersen - Die ganze Rosenvielfalt in Wort und Bild Heide: Boyens Buchverlag 2009,
References
Hans Ferdinand Bubbe: Versuch einer Chronik der Stadt und des Klosters Uetersen, Band 2 (1938) (de)
Karl Weinhausen: Die Rose. Ihre Kultur und Verwendung (Ulmer Verlag, 1956) (de)
Agnes Pahler: Rosen: die große Enzyklopädie, Dorling Kindersley, Starnberg 2004, , Side 390 (de)
Klaus-Jürgen Strobel: Alles über Rosen, Stuttgart: Ulmer, 2006, Seite 94,
External links
Rose gardens
Gardens in Schleswig-Holstein
Uetersen
The 1994–95 Slovak Extraliga season was the second season of the Slovak Extraliga, the top level of ice hockey in Slovakia. 10 teams participated in the league, and HC Kosice won the championship.
Standings
Playoffs
Quarterfinals
Dukla Trenčín - Spartak Dubnica nad Váhom 3:0 (11:3,3:2,4:2)
HC Košice - ZPA Prešov 3:0 (10:1,4:3,6:1)
Slovan Bratislava - Martimex ZŤS Martin 3:0 (5:1,5:2,2:0)
ŠKP PS Poprad - HK 32 Liptovský Mikuláš 3:0 (8:5,4:1,4:3)
Semifinals
Dukla Trenčín - ŠKP PS Poprad 3:0 (9:5,5:3,5:3)
HC Košice - Slovan Bratislava 3:0 (11:1,8:1,3:1)
3rd place
Slovan Bratislava - ŠKP PS Poprad 2:1 (4:3,5:6,5:2)
Final
Dukla Trenčín - HC Košice 0:3 (2:4,3:5,1:7)
External links
Slovak Ice Hockey Federation
Slovak Extraliga seasons
Slovak
Extra
This is the list of cathedrals in Burkina Faso.
Roman Catholic
Cathedrals of the Roman Catholic Church in Burkina Faso:
Cathedral of St. Peter in Banfora
Cathedral of Our Lady of Lourdes in Bobo-Dioulasso
Cathedral of St. Ann in Dédougou
Cathedral of Sts. Peter and Paul in Diébougou
Cathedral of St. Ann in Dori
Cathedral of St. Joseph in Fada N'Gourma
Cathedral of the Sacred Heart in Gaoua
Cathedral of Our Lady of Kaya in Kaya
Cathedral of St. Augustine in Koudougou
Cathedral of Our Lady of Graces in Koupéla
Cathedral of Our Lady of the Assumption in Manga
Cathedral of Our Lady of Perpetual Help in Nouna
Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception in Ouagadougou
Cathédrale Notre Dame de la Délivrance in Ouahigouya
Cathedral of Maria Regina in Tenkodogo
See also
List of cathedrals
References
Churches in Burkina Faso
Burkina Faso
Cathedrals
Cathedrals
Jose Miguel de Arciniega (1793–1849) was a Mexican military explorer and legislator. They were mayor of San Antonio, Texas, in 1830 and 1833.
Biography
Early years
They were born in Coahuila, New Spain to Jose Gregorio Arciniega and Maria Josefa Flores de Abrego. They married Maria Alejandra Lasoya on January 25, 1825 and had ten children. Jose Miguel's father and their uncle, Felipe Arciniega were mounted lancers in the Second Flying Company of San Carlos de Parras. The name of their Spanish regiment was Alamo de Parras. They traveled from the pueblo San Jose y Santiago de Alamo, near Las Parras, Coahuila to La Villa de San Fernando, present day San Antonio. Their assignment was to secure the Louisiana; United States borders in order to keep the Americans out of Texas, and to stop the livestock smuggling.
This regiment was the only protection that Texas had. The United States insisted the Louisiana border extended to the Rio Grande taking the Gulf of Mexico's ports from Spain. King Carlos IV disagreed and sent their seasoned mounted lancers from the garrison of Alamo de Parras to protect Texas from being taken over. The mounted lancers of Alamo de Parras were also commissioned to stop the Indian raids from penetrating the Interior Provinces of New Spain, in turn the soldiers were able to start a settlement, become merchants, civil workers, ranchers and farmers. The barracks for the presidio soldiers were in ruins leaving the mounted lancers to live in the Alamo with their families. Jose Miguel was only nine years old when they went to live in the Alamo. They lived in the Alamo until they turned seventeen years old when their father Gregorio had retired for serving thirty-two years in the Spanish regime. In 1811, Gregorio received a Spanish land grant in the center of present-day San Antonio. The San Antonio Mission's name was changed to the Alamo because of this Spanish regiment; Alamo de Parras.
Jose Miguel de Arciniega was the third Arciniega generation as a mounted lancer. Their son, Jose Miguel Cristoval also became a mounted lancer, making them the fourth generation. Jose Miguel was a mounted lancer from 1810-1836. The Second Flying Company of San Carlos de Parras disband in 1836 after the formation of the Republic of Texas. Within these years, Jose Miguel was an emissary for Spain and captain of a military exploratory party. By the year 1819 there were still French settlers in Louisiana living among Anglos. Jose Miguel was linguistic. They were assigned as a secret agent by Spain to gather information on the whereabouts and the movements of both enemies of Spain; France and the United States making it essential for Jose Miguel to be fluent in Spanish, English and French. Jose Miguel also had fluency in several different dialects of native Indians.
Moses Austin made a contract with Spain to colonize southeast Texas, however, they died before they could start their venture in colonization. Their successor was their son, Stephan F. Austin, who came to Texas at the end of the Mexican revolutionary war. Austin was disappointed to find that their father's contract to colonized was null and void after Spain no longer had jurisdiction over New Spain, now Mexico. Austin continued on with their quest with Mexico, and renegotiated a contract that lasted for almost two years to colonize the first “Old 300” families in southeast Texas in 1823.
Jose Miguel Arciniega fought in the Mexican revolutionary war with their father Gregorio Arciniega and uncle Felipe Arciniega. The people of Texas, Mexico, had to build their newly won motherland. The state of Coahuila and the state of Texas were joined together as one state. Texas was now Coahuila and Texas. Coahuila and Texas was an untamed frontier land. Throughout many years of wars, skirmishes, and Indian deprivations, the land needed to be settled throughout. The Tejanos did not have the money to restore their new state and country. The continuous Indian raids made it difficult to colonize Coahuila and Texas. Jose Miguel had been commissioned by the Mexican Supreme Government to have peace talks with the hostile Native Indians to promote peace with the Indians so they could all live together.
Career as a politician
On October 21, 1822 Jose Felix Trespalacios was the Political chief for the Province of Texas and a veteran as a revolutionary leader for the Mexican movement for independence against Spain. Trespalacios opened the first “Banco Nacional de Texas”. This was the first chartered bank west of the Mississippi. Councilman Jose Miguel Arciniega, Councilman Vicente Travieso, Alcalde (Mayor) Jose Salinas and Trespalacios had to sign the currency in order for it to become legal tender. Jose Miguel launched their career as a governmental and political leader for Mexico from this time. Jose Miguel's father died in 1822 from a tooth infection and Jose Miguel inherited their father, Gregorio's property in downtown San Antonio.
In 1823, Jose Miguel was a Legislator for the State of Coahuila and Texas. They served with Felipe Enrique Neri also known as the Baron de Bastrop who was Jose Miguel's dear friend, fellow legislator, and next door neighbor. The Baron was instrumental to the formation of Texas as it is today. The Baron spoke on behalf of Moses Austin to the Spanish government to approve their contract. When Moses died the Baron of Bastrop continued to assist Stephen Austin and diligently served Texas a short time as Austin's land commissioner and legislator for the State of Coahuila and Texas until their death in Saltillo, on February 23, 1827. Jose Miguel served from 1828 and again in 1829 with Jose Antonio Navarro.
In 1826 Arciniega was ordered to have peace talks with Chief Richard Fields of the Cherokee Indians. They were then sent to the Las Lagunas de Gallinas to continue their mission to have peace talks with the Comanche, Tahuallaces, Tejas and Caddo Indians. It took Miguel from January 21 to June 15, 1826 to complete this mission.
In 1830 Jose Miguel was appointed Land commissioner for Austin's colonies by the Mexican Supreme Government Jose Miguel had the authority vested in to them by the Mexican Supreme government in conformity with the Colonization Law of March 24, 1825 in Article 11 and Article 34 to establish a new town to serve as a seat in the Austin's colony. In 1832 Jose Miguel Arciniega was the founder of the Town of Bastrop. They named this town in memory of their longtime friend and fellow legislator, the Baron de bastrop. Samuel May Williams served as Austin's secretary who wrote the title for the Town of Bastrop out as Williams did with all of Austin's land title. Williams wrote them out for Jose Miguel to validate them. Samuel P. Brown was the surveyor of the four league town. Arciniega served as the public treasurer, political chief, judge, captain of the militia, general inspector of arms, and Alcalde of San Antonio in 1830 and 1833. They assisted Austin to convince the Tejano Leaders in San Antonio to side with Austin in the convention of 1833 to separate Texas from Coahuila.
It was in this year that Jose Miguel wrote a letter to State Representative, Juan Vicente Campos requesting that Compos would present Jose Miguel's proposal with the support of Francisco Xavier Bustillos, Ignacio Chaves, Jose Flores, Jose Maria de Cardenas to place Maritime Customs Houses; one at the Bay of San Bernardo, one at the port of Galveston, and a land check point at the border with Nacogdoches hoping to populate these areas. Custom houses and the check point were to stop pirates, and contraband from coming in and to increase the commerce for Coahuila and Texas in the import and export industries within a few years.
From 1832 to 1835 Jose Miguel was approved by the Mexican Supreme Government to purchased 11 leagues of land that is equivalent to 48,703 acres of land in the neutral land or buffer zone between Northern Texas and Louisiana's US border. The 48,703 acres of lands were split up in present-day Hunt, Grayson, and Harrison Counties in northern Texas and in Natchitoches, Louisiana. They raised goats and had many forests along a canyon by the Sabine River, Red River and south of Lake Sciodo.
On December 11, 1835 Jose Miguel was appointed by General Martin Perfecto de Cos to be their interpreter for the Capitulation between them and General Edward Burleson after the Siege of Bexar was won by the Texians and the Tejanos who supported the Texians. Jose Miguel continued to serve in the military for the Republic of Texas with their son Jose Miguel Cristoval. Jose Miguel's son, Jose Miguel Cristoval served under Juan Seguin's company in 1839. Jose Miguel was very active during the Republic of Texas era and served as a probate and an associate judge, Bexar County Commissioner, Alderman, secured the borders at the Rio Grande under the instructions of President David G. Burnet, and was a well-known lifelong merchant of sugarcane, potatoes and corn. They made and sold carts for horses.
In 1846 during the Mexican War and the Annexation of the Republic of Texas to become Texas, United States, Arciniega secured the Rio Grande border for the United States as a Captain. On May 13, 1849 Arciniega died an untimely death at the age of fifty-six only a few blocks from their home in downtown San Antonio. Their exact final resting place is unknown.  They are in the vicinity of the hallowed ground of the old Campo Santo Cemetery; currently, under Benjamin Milam Park and the Santa Ana Hospital in San Antonio, Texas.
Legacy
There is an unfinished fountain on the west side of the park that was built in the 1990s by the City of San Antonio. The face of the fountain has a summary of the history and a long list inscribed of the Tejano residents of San Antonio who were laid to rest in what used to be Campo Santo Cemetery. At this present day they are still underneath the downtown Benjamin Milam Park and the Santa Rosa Hospital. Jose Miguel Arciniega, Gregorio Arciniega, Maria Petra Arciniega, Mateo Arciniega along with hundreds more names can be visited at the Benjamin Milam Park, San Antonio, TX.
Their descendants from the Jose Miguel Arciniega Descendants Society, (JMADS) named their first home the Arciniega House on their birthday September 22, 2013; presently still standing on the corner of Arciniega Street and South Presa Street; in the courtyard of the Marriott Plaza Hotel. They and their father, Gregorio Arciniega, built the small house in 1811. JMADS has installed a Texas Historical Marker on May 15, 2015 in front of their home for their loyalty and dedication to Texas. Arciniega is commemorated as a Maker of Texas by the Texas Historical Commission. On November 6, 2015 JMADS unveiled a portrait of Arciniega in the Texas State Capital. They can also be seen inside their home on Arciniega Street, in the South Campus of San Jacinto College in Houston, TX, and Meador Elementary School in Houston, TX where they validated land grants for Stephan F. Austin's coastal colony as the land commissioner. Their portrait is also displayed in the Town of Bastrop Museum. Arciniega's portraits were painted by a lifelong artist, David Baisden, from Houston, TX.
References
1793 births
1849 deaths
People from Coahuila
Spanish explorers
Legislators in Mexico
Huang Qifan (, born May 1952) is a Chinese politician, best known for their term as the Mayor of Chongqing, one of China's four directly-controlled municipalities, between 2010 and 2016. Huang began their political career in Shanghai and was transferred to Chongqing in 2001 as its Deputy Mayor, before being promoted to Mayor in 2010.
Career
Huang was born in Zhuji, Zhejiang province. During the Cultural Revolution they worked in a coking factory. They joined the Chinese Communist Party in 1976. Their political career began in Shanghai's Pudong New Area in 1993. Between 1994 and 1995 Huang served as the Director of the Policy Research Office of the Communist Party organization in Shanghai. Between 1995 and 2001 Huang served as the Deputy Secretary-General of the Shanghai Municipal Government. Between 1998 and 1999 Huang took on a one-year stint pursuing their Executive MBA at the China Europe International Business School (CEIBS) in Shanghai.
Huang was transferred to work in Chongqing in 2001, several years after the city was elevated to "Direct-controlled Municipality" status equivalent to that of Shanghai. They were the city's Deputy Mayor from 2001 to 2009 and sat on the Communist Party's Chongqing Standing Committee. Huang is unique in that they have served under four Chongqing Party Secretaries They Guoqiang, Wang Yang, Bo Xilai, and Zhang Dejiang, each with their unique set of policies and political beliefs, and all of whom went on to become prominent politicians at the national level. Huang is therefore considered a "political survivor", and has been dubbed the sichao yuanlao (; roughly, "he who served four emperors.").
Huang was considered a key political ally of Bo Xilai, who abruptly fell out of favour with the national leadership following the Wang Lijun incident in February 2012. Many believe that Huang's political career had come to an end due to their association with Bo and the appointment of Zhang Dejiang as party secretary for Chongqing following Bo's dismissal in March 2012. During a televised government meeting, Huang expressed their support for Zhang. They were elected to the 18th Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party in 2012, and re-elected Mayor of Chongqing in January 2013.
Huang left their post as mayor of Chongqing City on 29 December 2016; they then became Vice-Chair of the National People's Congress Financial and Economic Affairs Committee.  They are also an adviser to the China Finance 40 Forum (CF40).
Huang has stated their opposition to the Hukou system, which they believe is unnecessarily reducing the competitiveness of older Chinese workers.
References
Mayors of Chongqing
Living people
1952 births
People's Republic of China politicians from Zhejiang
Politicians from Shaoxing
People from Zhuji
The is in Shiga Prefecture, Japan. It was founded in 1996. The theme of the museum is "relationship between lakes and people" and introduces the nature and culture of Lake Biwa, the largest and oldest lake in Japan.
The Lake Biwa Museum's aquarium is one of the largest freshwater aquarium in Japan. The giant Lake Biwa catfish (Silurus biwaensis) is a popular symbol of the Lake Biwa Museum.
A full-scale replica of Maruko-bune, a traditional wooden sailing boat of the Lake Biwa, is on the exposition in the museum.
Exhibitions
Gallery A: Geological history
Gallery B: Human history and folklore
Gallery C: Environmental issues and ecology
Discovery room for children
Special exhibits
Outdoor exhibits
Aquarium
References
External links
Lake Biwa Museum HP
Museums in Shiga Prefecture
Aquaria in Japan
Kusatsu, Shiga
Alojzij Šuštar (14 November 1920 – 29 June 2007) was the Archbishop of Ljubljana from 1980 until 1997. They remained Archbishop Emeritus of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Ljubljana after their retirement. They were born in Grmada near Trebnje and died in Ljubljana, where they lived at the St. Stanislaus Institute for the last 10 years of their life.
References
External links
Biography of Archbishop Alojzij Šuštar
|-
1920 births
2007 deaths
People from the Municipality of Trebnje
20th-century Roman Catholic archbishops in Slovenia
Participants in the Second Vatican Council
Roman Catholic archbishops of Ljubljana
Roman Catholic archbishops in Yugoslavia
Vaadimme metallia () is the second album by Finnish heavy metal band Teräsbetoni.
Track listing
Vaadimme Metallia (3:30) ('We Demand Metal')
Viimeinen Tuoppi (3:36) ('Last Pint')
Älä Mene Metsään (3:55) ('Don't Go into the Forest')
Varmaan Kuolemaan (5:05) ('To a Certain Death')
Kuninkaat (4:48) ('Kings')
Saalistaja (3:28) ('The Prowler')
Paha Silmä (3:42) ('Evil Eye')
Sotureille (2:51) ('For Warriors')
Kotiinpalaaja (3:36) ('Home Returner')
Aika on (3:14) ('It Is Time')
Kirotut (4:23) ('The Cursed')
Pyhä Maa (3:38) ('The Holy Land')
Vihollisen Vuoteessa (3:42) ('In Bed With The Enemy')
Kunniansa Ansainneet (2:56) ('Those Who Have Deserved Their Honor')
Personnel
Jarkko Ahola - lead vocals, bass
Arto Järvinen - guitar
Jari Kuokkanen - drums
Viljo Rantanen - guitar
2006 albums
Teräsbetoni albums
Darudbakht (, also Romanized as Darūdbakht) is a village in Zeberkhan Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 31, in 9 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Ordughesh (, also Romanized as Ordūghesh, Ardūghesh, and Erdūghesh) is a village in Ordughesh Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,476, in 374 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Sir Bryan James Todd (8 September 1902 – 29 May 1987) was one of four brothers who built one of New Zealand's biggest industrial and commercial enterprises. They were an important figure in the development of the New Zealand oil and gas energy industry and, incidentally, in the development of New Zealand tax law.
Early life
Todd was born in Heriot, Otago in 1902. Their grandfather was Charles Todd (1834–1892), a Scottish immigrant who had arrived in New Zealand with their wife, Mary O'Sullivan, in 1870. Charles worked at wool-scouring in Milton and gold-mining at Table Hill, Blue Spur and then Bendigo, all in Otago. In 1884, Charles commenced a fellmongery business at Heriot, Otago. The Todd Group was commenced in Heriot when Bryan Todd's father, also named Charles Todd (1868-1942), from 1888 expanded the fellmongery into a successful stock and station business. They imported the district's first car in 1908 and in 1913 established a garage which later expanded into the Todd Motor Company.
Bryan Todd commenced their primary education at the local Heriot School. In February 1915 Charles Todd, their wife Mary Hegarty and their seven children (Charles Patrick (CP), Desmond, Kathleen, Moyra, Bryan, Andrew and Sheila) shifted to Dunedin where Bryan Todd attended the Christian Brothers School. When they were older they were sent to Sydney to board at Saint Ignatius' College, Riverview.
Business
By the 1920s three of Charles' four sons, Desmond, Bryan and Andrew, were running branches of the Todd Motor Company in Dunedin, Christchurch and Auckland, By 1934 Andrew Todd had moved to Wellington to run a new Petone plant assembling Hillman and Humber cars and commercial vehicles. The Mitsubishi franchise was acquired in 1970 when planning for New Zealand's biggest assembly plant was under way, and in 1975 Todd Park was opened at Porirua.
Bryan Todd set the scene for the group's later diversification into a range of interests – which included oil distribution, refining, and exploration, natural gas, forestry, finance, aviation, ironsands export, and land and property development – when a 1929 Petrol price war in Christchurch saw supplies cut off to the Todd garages because the petrol companies were setting up their own tied garages selling only their own petroleum products. Bryan Todd decided expanding world sources had created an opportunity for a fourth company to market petroleum products in New Zealand. In August 1931 the Associated Motorists' Petrol Company (AMPCO) was formed with the support of automobile clubs with their father Charles Todd as chairperson. AMPCO marketed its products under the name "Europa Oil". By March 1933 bulk terminals had been built, a national retail network established and Europa petrol was on sale.
Europa Marketing and Europa Refining were sold to British Petroleum in 1972. The group's participation in the oil business did not end with the sale of Europa. In 1954 it had acquired prospecting licences in the North and South Islands and entered joint venture exploration agreements with Shell and BP in 1955, 1956 and 1961. The consortium's successes included the Kapuni onshore field in 1959 and in 1969 the Maui off-shore gas-condensate field.
The Todd group continues to be involved in these and other gas-condesate projects such as the Pohokura gas discovery in 2000 in which Todd has a 26% share. However, Bryan Todd's dream of a major New Zealand oil discovery has never been fulfilled.
Tax problems
Europa was always hampered by the fact it had to get its supplies from other companies, often themselves in competition with Europa in the New Zealand retail market. For this reason, Bryan Todd searched to set up an independent refining operation either in New Zealand or overseas.
In 1954 Bryan Todd entered into an arrangement with Gulf Oil to acquire petroleum products. That company did not give Europa any reduction on "posted prices". However, an arrangement was entered into under which the two companies established a refining company in The Bahamas known as Pan Eastern Refining Company. It purchased crude oil from Gulf at the standard posted price, arranged to have the oil refined by Gulf at one of its refineries, for a fee of 47.5c per barrel, and sold the refined petrol to Europa and the other products ("heavy ends") to Gulf, all at the posted prices. Depending on various factors, Pan Eastern made a profit of 50c for every barrel of crude oil refined, or about 5c for every gallon of petrol Europa purchased. This profit was shared between Gulf and Europa.
Under New Zealand tax law, dividends from Pan Eastern Refining were not counted as income of Europa itself; tax was only levied on Europa's dividends to its shareholders. However, the New Zealand Tax Department (Inland Revenue Department) ruled that the arrangements amounted to a discount off the posted price Europa paid for its supplies from Gulf. Its taxable profit was therefore correspondingly greater than had been declared by Europa, and its taxable income was therefore increased accordingly for all the tax years 1959–1965. The extra tax demanded from Europa was over £NZ2,000,000. Inland Revenue considered that the Pan Eastern arrangement amounted to an evasion of tax. Europa disputed this.
After hearings in the High Court and the Court of Appeal the issue went to the Privy Council (at that time New Zealand's highest court) which decided in Inland Revenue's favour (in a split 3-2 decision). In 1971, on the basis of the Privy Council decision, the Inland Revenue claimed the extra tax and accrued penalties in respect of the tax years 1959-1965 (a total of $NZ6,714,829.34) which was paid and claimed for the tax years 1966-1971 (the latter years were not part of the case). Europa objected in respect of the years 1966–1971.
After High Court and Court of Appeal decisions, the matter ended up again before the Privy Council. This time the Privy Council (split 4-1) decided for Europa Oil accepting that the arrangements for 1965-1971 were different from those for 1959–1965. (A new company, Todd Refining, had been interposed and had the obligation to purchase from Pan Eastern, Europa itself had no obligation to buy any product from Todd Refining, and the Privy Council did not go behind the corporate veil to look at the reality of Todd family ownership interest in these entities.) This led to a different conclusion. Europa received a tax refund of $NZ4,000,000. "Bryan [Todd] and their team ... had carried on the fight through 13 years and six court hearings". "As Bryan [Todd] was fond of quoting, 'The meek and the humble of heart shall inherit the earth. But the strong and the brave are the ones you put your money on!'".
Other interests
An active sportsman, Todd was a director of Ruapehu Alpine Lifts, the company formed by skiing enthusiasts to develop the Whakapapa ski fields on Mount Ruapehu, and listed shooting, sailing and golf as other interests. A Wellington City Councillor from 1941 till 1946 and airport committee chairperson from 1943 till 1946,
Todd privately and anonymously supported many charities as well as publicly chairing the Todd Charitable Trust established in 1960 and the Todd Foundation which followed in 1972. Both bodies give annual support to medical research, youth organisations, cultural and educational groups, the elderly, disabled and handicapped and other worthy causes. In the 1976 Queen's Birthday Honours, Todd was appointed a Knight Bachelor, for services to commerce and the community.
Family and death
Todd was married to Helen Ann Rollo Buddo, cousin and adopted daughter of David Buddo, a rich Canterbury run-holder. Buddo, whose station was at Fernside, Rangiora, was one of Canterbury's best-known farmer-politicians of the Liberal era. Bryan Todd died on 29 May 1987. They were survived by their wife and three daughters.
References
Bibliography
External links
Biography of Charles Todd (1868-1942)
1902 births
1987 deaths
New Zealand people of Irish descent
New Zealand people of Scottish descent
People educated at Kavanagh College
New Zealand Roman Catholics
20th-century New Zealand businesspeople
New Zealand Knights Bachelor
People from Heriot, New Zealand
People educated at Saint Ignatius' College, Riverview
Bryan
Businesspeople awarded knighthoods
Todd Corporation
Wellington City Councillors
The Girls of Hedsor Hall is an MTV reality TV series similar to Ladette to Lady and VH1's Charm School. The series takes 12 out of control American girls to Hedsor House, a filming, wedding, conference and events venue in the United Kingdom. There a finishing school called Hedsor Hall (aka Hedsor House) was created where they will try to become ladies. The girl who improves the most will receive the Hedsor Trust which is worth $100,000.
Contestants
Host: Tara Conner
Headmistress: Gill Harbord
Disciplinarian: Rosemary Shrager
Housemaid: Dina Lees
Episode Progress
The contestant won The Girls of Hedsor Hall.
The contestant was Runner-Up.
The contestant won the week's challenge.
The contestant was safe from expulsion.
The contestant was at risk for expulsion.
The contestant was at risk for expulsion, but was told they won the challenge.
The contestant was expelled.
The contestant was expelled outside of The Student Board of Review.
The contestant was expelled without being at risk for expulsion.
Episodes
Episode 1: "Assessment and Appearance"
First aired February 9, 2009
Challenge: Behavior at a Cocktail Party
Bottom Three: Margie, Amanda, Jenna
Expelled: Amanda
Reason: Mrs. Shrager, Ms. Harbord and Ms. Conner all felt that Amanda's constant fighting and cursing was disruptive. Plus when Mrs. Shrager woke everyone up that morning and shockingly saw that Amanda was covered in a mess of makeup, they asked Amanda what they looked like, to which Amanda rudely replied, "I look like I'm in a lot of fucking pain right now," causing Mrs. Shrager to become infuriated.
Episode 2: "Etiquette"First aired February 25, 2009Challenge: Etiquette (in Balance, Art, Flower Arranging, Conversation Skills, Wine Tasting, and Behavior in a Luncheon)
Challenge Winner: Kimberly (in Flower Arranging)
Challenge Prize: The flower arrangement will be put on the Lucheon table
Bottom Three: Brianna, Samantha, and Maddy
Expelled: Maddy & Lillian (Eliminated outside of the Student Board Of Review)
Reason': Lillian refused to come to their classes, causing Mrs. Shrager and Ms Harbord to step forward and demand answers from them Ms. Harbord asked Lillian to define "respect" to which they replied that she's "not a dictionary," making them expelled instantly. Maddy overly drank at their Wine Tasting Lesson, until they reached up to the point of telling the girls that they wanted to go home and eventually told them teachers, making them eliminated.
Episode 3: "Expanding Horizons"First aired February 28, 2009Challenge: Expanding One's Horizon (in Behavior in National Breakfast, Falconry, Plucking pheasants, Hosting or Cooking for a Dinner and Behavior at a Dinner)
Challenge Winner: Margie (in Falconry)
Challenge Prize: A Badge
Bottom Three: Jen, Jenna, Margie
Expelled: Jen
Reason: Jen offered their prescriptive drugs to their roommates. Plus, they kept talking during their breakfast lesson, causing Mrs. Shrager to tell them to shut up. They also cried and freaked out during the pheasant shoot and when they plucked the pheasants.
Episode 4: "Anger Management"First aired March 7, 2009Challenge: Anger Management (in Criticism, Fencing, Cooking, and behavior around men)
Challenge Winner: Kimberly (in fencing)
Challenge Prize: A call home
Bottom Three: Hillary, Paola, Brianna
Expelled: Margie & Jennifer
Reason: When the girls were going out to eat at a local restaurant, Ms. Harbord criticized Margie's outfit, by saying its inappropriate. Initially, Margie started to cry and they stormed out, leaving the girls to go to dinner without them Jennifer had been told more than once by Mrs. Shrager to remove their makeup and when Mrs. Shrager noticed that their makeup was on once again during cooking, they crossed the line, and yelled at Jennifer to get out of the kitchen and take off them makeup.
Episode 5: "Country Weekend"First aired March 14, 2009Challenge: Temptation (in Sexual Etiquette, Waltzing, Hostessing and behavior at Hedsor Hall alone)
Challenge Winner: Samantha (in Waltzing)
Challenge Prize: A free pass during elimination, meaning that they couldn't get eliminated
Bottom: Everyone was at risk this week.
Expelled: Paola
Reason: Paola failed as a Hostess. They constantly excused themselves out of dinner, leaving their bachelor all alone.
Episode 6: "Job Training"First aired March 21, 2009Challenge: Job Training (Cooking and working at a London Hotel)
Challenge Winner: Hillary (in Cooking)
Challenge Prize: Leader
Bottom: Everyone was at risk this week.
Expelled: Jenna
Reason: Jenna lied to the hotel manager during their interview, by saying no, when they were asked if she has been in jail. At the hotel, they and Brianna took over 2 hours cleaning one room, when the hotel manager needed 20 rooms cleaned. Infuriated by this, Jenna told the manager off, and left.
Episode 7: "Reflection"First aired March 28, 2009Challenge: Reflection (in disciplining women who act exactly the same as the contestants when they first came here)
Challenge Winner: No One
Challenge Prize: Nothing
Bottom: Everyone was at risk this week.
Expelled: Hillary
Reason: Hillary failed their Appearance lesson, by not managing to make the UK girls wear something more appropriate and suitable. Initially, Samantha had to take charge of Hillary's lesson and made the UK girls change into more appropriate clothes.
Episode 8: "The Trust"First aired April 4, 2009''
Challenge:
Challenge Winner: No One
Challenge Prize: Nothing
Bottom: Everyone was at risk this week.
Expelled: Samantha
Reason: Mrs. Shrager, Ms. Harbord and Ms. Conner felt that they aren't as good as Kimberly and Brianna.
Graduates (Final 2): Brianna and Kimberly
Winner: Kimberly
Runner-Up: Brianna
References
External links
The Girls of Hedsor Hall at MTV.com
The Girls of Hedsor Hall at IAmOnMTV.com
2000s American reality television series
2009 American television series debuts
2009 American television series endings
MTV reality television series
Television series by RDF Media Group
(George) Guy Dodson FRS FMedSci (13 January 1937 – 24 December 2012), was a British biochemist who specialised in protein crystallography at the University of York.
Education
Dodson graduated from the University of New Zealand where they were awarded a Bachelor of Science and Doctor of Philosophy degrees. Their doctoral thesis, completed in 1961, was titled An X-ray analysis of an alkaloid and some investigation into nickel bis-salicylaldahyde triethylene tetramine.
Career
Dodson did postdoctoral research with Dorothy Hodgkin at the University of Oxford. They devised along with Hodgkin, very intricate experimental, crystallographic and computer techniques that led to the final solution of the structure of insulin.
Dodson was head of the structural biology laboratories at the University of York and National Institute for Medical Research, London. During their career they collaborated with many scientists including Dale Wigley, Gideon Davies, Andrzej Brzozowski, Leo Brady and Max Perutz.
Awards and honours
Dodson was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society (FRS) in 1994. Their nomination reads
Dodson was also a Foreign Member of the Indian National Science Academy (ForMemINSA) and the Academy of Medical Sciences (FMedSci).
They were a recipient of the RSC Structural Chemistry Award in 1991.
Personal life
Dodson was married to the scientist Eleanor Dodson with whom they had four children.
References
1937 births
2012 deaths
British crystallographers
Academics of the University of York
Fellows of the Academy of Medical Sciences (United Kingdom)
New Zealand Fellows of the Royal Society
Foreign Fellows of the Indian National Science Academy
National Institute for Medical Research faculty
People from Palmerston North
Mameyes Abajo is a barrio in the municipality of Utuado, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 1,136. The corresponding Mameyes Arriba (Upper Mameyes) is located in neighbouring Jayuya at a higher elevation, but was once part of Utuado as well.
The Río La Venta is a river in Mameyes Abajo.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Mameyes barrio was 4,268.
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Utuado, Puerto Rico
Payerne District was a district of the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.
Mergers and name changes
On 1 July 2006, Rossens and Sédeilles merged into the municipality of Villarzel.
On 1 September 2006 the municipalities of Cerniaz (VD), Champtauroz, Chevroux, Combremont-le-Grand, Combremont-le-Petit, Corcelles-près-Payerne, Grandcour, Granges-près-Marnand, Henniez, Marnand, Missy, Payerne, Sassel, Seigneux, Trey, Treytorrens (Payerne), Villars-Bramard and Villarzel came from the District de Payerne to join the Broye-Vully District.
Municipalities
Cerniaz
Champtauroz
Chevroux
Combremont-le-Grand
Combremont-le-Petit
Grandcour
Granges-près-Marnand
Henniez
Marnand
Missy
Payerne
Rossens
Sassel
Sédeilles
Seigneux
Trey
Treytorrens
Villars-Bramard
Villarzel
References
Former districts of the canton of Vaud
Abraham Jerome Cohn (June 27, 1897 – October 23, 1970) was an American football and basketball player, coach and official. They played football and basketball at the University of Michigan from 1917 to 1920. They coached football and basketball at Whitworth College from 1921 to 1922 and at Spokane University from 1923 to 1924. They were also an official for the Pacific Coast Conference and the supervisor of the Washington State Liquor Board's licensing bureau from 1934 to 1968.
Early years
Cohn was born in Portland, Oregon in 1897. Their parents, Hyman (sometimes listed as Herman) and Eva Cohn, emigrated from Russia to the United States in 1884 or 1885, and were identified in U.S. Census records as "Russian Yiddish." At the time of the 1900 Census, Cohn was living with their parents and four older siblings in Spokane, Washington. Cohn's father and two uncles founded the Cohn Brothers furniture store in Spokane in the 1890s. Over the next 40 years, the family continued to operate the store at the same location. Cohn attended Spokane's Lewis and Clark High School where they were a star football and basketball player. They were "remembered by Spokane football enthusiasts as the plunging back of the 1915 Lewis and Clark high school football team."
University of Michigan
Cohn enrolled at the University of Michigan in 1916. They were a member of the law school class of 1921. While at Michigan, they played halfback for the Michigan Wolverines football teams of 1917, 1918 and 1920. The 1918 team completed the season undefeated and has been rated by some as the national championship team of 1918. After Michigan's victory over Case to open the 1918 season, the Detroit Free Press called Abe Cohn "an eye opener" as a ground gainer and noted: "He made a gain practically every time they were given the ball and, when they were stopped, it always took two or three men to turn the trick." Cohn did not try out for the football team in 1919. Having only one year of varsity eligibility remaining, and with many players returning to college following service in World War I, Coach Yost recommended that Cohn save their final year for the 1920 season. They returned to the Wolverines football team in 1920. The 1921 Michiganensian (University of Michigan yearbook) noted, "Cohn was especially valuable, filling in at end when the occasion demanded." The authors added, "A heavy, fast player, who was a regular halfback, but could take their place at end or fullback if occasion demanded.  They are one of the stars lost by graduation."
Cohn also played for the Michigan Wolverines men's basketball team. They were a starting forward in 1918.
Later years
After graduating from Michigan, Cohn returned to Spokane. In September 1921, they were appointed as the football and basketball coach at Whitworth College. They coached at Whitworth for two years and also coached at Mead High School in the mornings.
Cohn was the head football coach at Spokane University in 1923 and 1924.
In 1924, The Michigan Alumnus reported that Cohn was affiliated with Cohn Brothers Furniture, the furniture business begun by their father. Cohn remained a partner in the furniture business until the store's closure in 1960.
In 1932, Cohn was living in Seattle, Washington. They served as a football and basketball official for 30 years, including approximately eight years as a football official for the Pacific Coast Conference from 1930 to 1937.
Cohn also worked for many years for the Washington State Liquor Control Board. They began with a position as the assistant manager of Liquor Store No. 2 in Seattle. They were the supervisor of the Liquor Board's licensing bureau from 1934 until their retirement in 1968.
Cohn was married to Alta Clark. In October 1970, Cohn died of a heart attack in Seattle. They were age 73 at the time of their death.
References
1897 births
1970 deaths
American football ends
American football halfbacks
American people of Russian-Jewish descent
Basketball coaches from Washington (state)
Basketball referees
College football officials
Forwards (basketball)
Michigan Wolverines football players
Michigan Wolverines men's basketball players
Whitworth Pirates football coaches
University of Michigan Law School alumni
Players of American football from Portland, Oregon
Players of American football from Spokane, Washington
Basketball players from Portland, Oregon
Basketball players from Spokane, Washington
Jewish American sportspeople
Whitworth Pirates men's basketball coaches
American men's basketball players
20th-century American Jews
Vaughan Bell is a British clinical psychologist, currently at the South London and Maudsley NHS Foundation Trust specialising in psychological interventions for psychotic outpatients and in training other professionals to deal with such patients.  They are a clinical senior lecturer in the Division of Psychiatry at the Faculty of Brain Sciences at University College London and a visiting researcher at the Institute of Psychiatry, Psychology and Neuroscience, King's College London. Their research focus includes neuropsychology, social cognition, psychosis and brain damage.
Education
Bell did their PhD at Cardiff University, they chose the cognitive neuropsychiatry of psychosis as their research topic. They completed their clinical training at the Institute of psychiatry at King's College London. They specialised in psychosis and neuropsychology and graduated with a Doctorate in Clinical Psychology.
Career
Bell has been the most regular contributor to the Mind Hacks science blog, starting in 2002. In 2012 they won the Erikson Institute Prize for Excellence in Mental Health Media. In 2014 they and academic Tom Stafford received the British Psychological Society's Public Engagement and Media Award.
Bell has written articles on psychology and neuroscience for several newspapers and magazines, including The Guardian, Discover, Slate, Wired UK, The Independent and The Atlantic. They were interviewed in 2005 by the influential journal Nature about their experience as a scientist editing Wikipedia, specifically in challenging a section on violence in the schizophrenia article.
A fluent Spanish speaker, for several years they undertook teaching and clinical work at university facilities in Colombia and worked as a mental health coordinator for Médecins sans Frontières in difficult conditions.
Further reading
Are understandings of mental illness mired in the past? John Cromby ('yes') and Vaughan Bell ('no') go 'head to head'.
Our brains, and how they're not as simple as we think. Neuroscience has entered the public consciousness, and changed the way we talk about ourselves. But much of what passes as knowledge is inaccurate.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
British psychologists
British science journalists
Clinical psychologists
Auburndale City Hall is a national historic site located at 1 Bobby Green Plaza, Auburndale, Florida in Polk County. The monument is a "L" shaped two-story brick building, built in 1927 in Italian Renaissance Revival style.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 24, 2013.
References
External links
National Register of Historic Places in Polk County, Florida
Auburndale, Florida
1927 establishments in Florida
Government buildings completed in 1927
Tricentennial Park is the name of several parks throughout the United States:
William G. Milliken State Park and Harbor– formerly the Tri-centennial State Park in Michigan
Tricentennial Park (Albany, New York)
Tricentennial Park (Ponce, Puerto Rico)
Tricentennial anniversaries
Reimann (Hebrew: ריימן) is a German and Jewish surname, also Reiman. Notable people with the surnames include:
Aribert Reimann (born 1936), German composer and pianist
Antonín Reimann (1888–1976), Czech American architect
Brigitte Reimann (1933–1973), German writer
Carola Reimann (born 1967), German politician
Gotthold Reimann (1859–1932), Australian teacher of music
Günter Reimann (1904–2005), German Jewish economist
Hans Reimann (writer) (1889–1969), German writer
Hans-Georg Reimann (born 1941), East German racewalker
Hobart Reimann (1897–1986), American virologist and physician
Heinrich Reimann (1850–1906), musicologist
Joey Reiman (born 1953), American Jewish advertising business person and author
Katya Reimann (born 1965), novelist
Leonid Reiman (born 1957), Russian politician
Leopold Reimann, (1892-1917), German flying ace
Lukas Reimann (Swiss politician) (born 1982)
Max Reimann (1898–1977), German politician
Robert Reimann (Swiss politician) (1911–1987)
Robert Reimann (United States Navy officer) (born c. 1936), U.S. Navy rear admiral
William Reimann (born 1935) American Sculptor
See also
Compagnie Reiman, Jewish partisan Jewish French underground group
Reiman Gardens
Reimann School, The Reimann School of Art and Design
Riemann (surname)
Bernhard Riemann (1826-1866), German mathematician
Riemann hypothesis
German-language surnames
Jewish surnames
The Bierville Elegies () is the most outstanding work by the Catalan poet Carles Riba. Once Riba and their family embarked on the path of exile in France at the end of the Spanish Civil War, they settled first in the castle of Bierville (Boissy-la-Rivière) and there, between March and July 1939, began to be created what were later to become the Elegies. The work was continued between July 1939 and June 1940 in L'Isle-Adam, then for eight months in Bordeaux and given final shape in Montpellier, where they settled. Along with Nabí by Josep Carner and Antigone by Salvador Espriu, The Elegies of Bierville constitute one of the great works of modern Catalan literature and the prime postwar pieces marked by the political situation.
Written between 1939 and 1942, the Elegies were published in Barcelona after a year in an edition that bore the imprint of Buenos Aires and dated as 1942; this edition was shortened, however. In 1949 in Santiago, Chile the first complete edition of the work was published, but the distance meant that this work was unknown to the Catalan public. Finally, the complete edition came out in 1951 in Barcelona and quickly made a big impact.
In the Elegies the poet melts three very different realities, which are fostered by loneliness and lack of history of the landscape of Bierville and become almost legendary: the poet's self, that of their people, and a common homeland of Greece, to which the poet is now traveling, now that they are not in their own homeland. It is, in fact, a spiritual adventure, represented through a journey into the past powered by the memory, preferably with an image of the sea, which ends in the penultimate elegy in the collection, which has been considered a kind of spiritual song, with the rediscovery of own identity and personal divinity of God and of the collectivity. This religious dimension, which until then was not present in Riba's poetry, penetrated deeply throughout their thinking, including the conception of literature. That dimension appeared again in the later poetic works as Savage Heart (Salvatge cor) and Sketch of Three Oratorios (Esbós de tres oratoris).
References
Pàgina dedicada a Carles Riba a Lletra, espai virtual de literatura catalana
Catalan-language works
20th-century poems
Philosophical poems
VH-1 (Rescue Squadron 1) was one of six dedicated (VH) Rescue Squadrons of the U.S. Navy during WWII. A more comprehensive write-up on the VH squadrons can be found in the history of Rescue Squadron 3 (VH-3), which was the US Navy's most active VH squadron. VH-1 made 19 direct rescues via open sea landings. It also assisted in the rescue of (at least) another 119 air crewman by locating them and directing surface vessels to effect the rescue. VH-1 was established on 1 February 1944 and disestablished in April 1946. The squadron employed the Consolidated PB2Y Coronado and the Martin PBM Mariner during its operations.
Operational history
1 February 1944: VH-1 was established at NAS Alameda, California..
1 June 1944: VH-1 commences rescue operations based out of Saipan.
22 June 1944: Lt Sharp is awarded the Air Medal for the open sea landing and rescue of two downed airmen.
16 September 1944: VH-1 temporarily relocates operations to Palau.
mid-October 1944: VH-1 temporarily relocates operations to the Philippines for the Invasion of Leyte.
November 1944: VH-1 locates 6 survivors from downed B-29's and guides surface vessels to make the rescues.
December 1944: VH-1 assists in the rescue of 30 aircrews from 2 B-29s and a B-24 by Destroyers.
January 1945: VH-1 assists in the rescue by surface vessels of 39 surviving aircrews from 3 B-29's, 1 P-38, and 2 PBM's. 27 of these survivors come from 2 PBMs of sister rescue squadron VH-3 which had crash landed after suffering engine failure.
10 February 1945: Lt Evans of VH-1 rescues the lone survivor of a B-24 that exploded mid-air after being hit by Flak, and they are awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross.
March 1945: Lt Hutchinson of VH-1 rescues 9 survivors of a downed B-29. VH-1 spots another 9 downed airmen and directs surface vessels to their rescue.
27 April 1945: Lt Cmdr R.R. Barrett takes over command of VH-1. They had previously been the executive officer of VH-3 and had made 8 rescues with VH-3 in April 1945 before being reassigned to VH-1.
June 1945: VH-1 spots 7 survivors in a life raft and directs USS Sea Fox (SS-402) to the rescue site.
July 1945: VH-1 spots 28 survivors from 4 downed B-29s and directs surface vessels to effect the rescues.
1 August 1945: VH-1 relocates to Okinawa Island to relieve Rescue Squadron VH-3, which has been there since April. In the final week of the war, VH-1 makes 7 rescues of downed aviators.
12 August 1945: Lt (jg) McClure of VH-1 lands under fire from shore batteries one mile off of western Kyushu to pick up a badly burned pilot from the 318th Fighter Group as an enemy boat approached to make capture. McClure is awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross for this rescue.
24 December 1945: VH-1 relocates operations to Shanghai.
April 1946: VH-1 was disestablished.
See also
VH-3 (Rescue squadron)
VH-1 squadron [1]
VH squadrons [2]
USS Chandeleur (AV-10)
USS Rehoboth (AVP-50)
USS Suisun
USS Bering Strait (AVP-34)
Dumbo (air-sea rescue)
Seaplane tender
Flying boat
Air-sea rescue
List of inactive United States Navy aircraft squadrons
References
Rescue squadrons of the United States Navy
The 1982–83 Honduran Liga Nacional season was the 17th edition of the Honduran Liga Nacional. The format of the tournament remained the same as the previous season, with the exception that no final series were played. Club Deportivo Olimpia won the title after finishing first in the final round and qualified to the 1983 CONCACAF Champions' Cup along with runners-up C.D. Motagua.
1982–83 teams
Atlético Morazán (Tegucigalpa)
Broncos UNAH (Choluteca)
C.D. Dandy (San Pedro Sula, promoted)
Independiente (San Pedro Sula)
C.D. Marathón (San Pedro Sula)
C.D. Motagua (Tegucigalpa)
C.D. Olimpia (Tegucigalpa)
Real C.D. España (San Pedro Sula)
C.D. Victoria (La Ceiba)
C.D.S. Vida (La Ceiba)
Regular season
Standings
Final round
Pentagonal standings
Final
No final series was necessary as Olimpia won both regular season and final round.
Top scorer
Luis O. Altamirano (Broncos UNAH) with 13 goals
Squads
Known results
Round 1
Round 2
Round 3
Round 4
Round 9
Round 14
Round 27
gol de Rodolfo Machado uruguayo jugador de Marathon
Pentagonal
Unknown rounds
References
Liga Nacional de Fútbol Profesional de Honduras seasons
1
Honduras
Media Luna is a barrio in the municipality of Toa Baja, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 12,221.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Media Luna barrio was 598.
Sectors
Barrios (which are roughly comparable to minor civil divisions) in turn are further subdivided into smaller local populated place areas/units called sectores (sectors in English). The types of sectores may vary, from normally sector to urbanización to reparto to barriada to residencial, among others.
The following sectors are in Media Luna barrio:
, and .
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
List of barrios and sectors of Toa Baja, Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Toa Baja, Puerto Rico
is a 1999 Japanese animated comedy film written and directed by Isao Takahata, animated by Studio Ghibli for Tokuma Shoten, Nippon Television Network, Hakuhodo and Buena Vista Home Entertainment, and distributed by Shochiku. It is based on the yonkoma manga Nono-chan by Hisaichi Ishii. A slice of life comedy-drama, the film stars Hayato Isobata, Masako Araki, Naomi Uno, Touru Masuoka, Yukiji Asaoka, Akiko Yano, and Kosanji Yanagiya. Unlike the other films of Studio Ghibli, the film is presented in a stylized comic strip aesthetic, a departure from the traditional anime style of the studio's other works.
Plot
The film is a series of vignettes following the daily lives of the Yamada family: Takashi and Matsuko (the father and mother), Shige (Matsuko's mother), Noboru (aged approximately 13, the son), Nonoko (aged approximately 7, the daughter), and Pochi (the family dog).
Each of the vignettes is preceded by a title such as "Father as Role Model", "A Family Torn Apart" or "Patriarchal Supremacy Restored". These vignettes cover such issues as losing a child in a department store, the relationships between father and son, or husband and wife, the wisdom of age, meeting one's first girlfriend and many more. Each is presented with humour, presenting a very believable picture of family life which crosses cultural boundaries. The relationships between Matsuko, Takashi and Shige are particularly well observed, with Shige giving advice and proverbs to all the family members, and having a great strength of character. Takashi and Matsuko's relationship is often the focus of the episodes, their rivalries, such as arguing about who has control of the television, their frustrations and their difficulties, but the overriding theme is their love for one another despite their flaws, and their desire to be the best parents possible for their children.
Voice cast
Japanese cast
Touru Masuoka as Takashi Yamada
Yukiji Asaoka as Matsuko Yamada
Hayato Isobata as Noboru Yamada
Naomi Uno as Nonoko Yamada
Masako Araki as Shige Yamada
Akiko Yano as Fujihara-Sensei
Kosanji Yanagiya as Haiku Reader
English cast
Jim Belushi as Takashi Yamada
Molly Shannon as Matsuko Yamada
Daryl Sabara as Noboru Yamada
Liliana Mumy as Nonoko Yamada
Tress MacNeille as Shige Yamada
David Ogden Stiers as Narrator
Additional voices English
Jeff Bennett as Biker #1
Corey Burton as Biker #2
Dixie Carter as Lady #1
Erin Chambers as Girl #1
Maree Cheatham as Lady #2
Melissa Disney as Department store clerk and girl with umbrella
Amber Hood as Girl #2
Edie McClurg as Noboru's teacher
Jim Meskimen as Lead Biker
Jon Miller as Baseball announcer
Jeremy Shada as Tanaka
Billy West as Man talking to Takashi
Production
Based on the yonkoma manga Nono-chan by Hisaichi Ishii, it is the first completely digital Studio Ghibli film. Takahata wanted Yamada-kun to have the art style of watercolor pictures rather than cel pictures. To achieve that, the traditional paint-on-cel techniques were replaced with digital technology, making Yamada-kun the first Ghibli film to have animation drawings painted entirely on computers.
Soundtrack
The soundtrack was composed by Akiko Yano and it is characterised by very short piano themes, rather than the long orchestral themes composed by Joe Hisaishi, further adding to the film's distinction from the rest of Ghibli's filmography. Classical pieces played by Czech Philharmonic Chamber Orchestra conducted by Mario Klemens.
Released by Tokuma on 1 July 1999.
CD 1
"Theme I: And So It Begins" 1:45
"Joyous Music I: Going Forward with Reckless Abandon" 0:26
"Cuckoo I: Not Like the Main Title" 0:28
"Extract from Chopin's "Nocturne No. 1 in B Flat Minor", Op. 9" 4:13
"Extract from Mahler's "Symphony No. 5", 1st Movement, Funeral March" 0:29
"Extract from Mendelsson's Wedding March" 4:22
"My Neighbors the Yamadas" Theme (Orchestra Version)" 3:34
Happy Bridge" 0:21
"Evening Waltz Theme (Orchestra Version)" 1:43
"Lively BGM" 3:21
"The Dog's Policeman" 2:25
"Troubles (BGM I)" 1:08
"Troubles (BGM II)" 0:24
"Sunset Scamper" (1:01)
"Theme II: Thank Goodness" 1:11
"Shut Up and Bring It Here!" 0:34
"Joyous Music II: Please, Stop Pushing, Right Now!" 0:52
"Cuckoo II: Oh, Welcome Home" 0:29
"Happy Bridge II" 0:15
"Takashi and Matsuko's Tango" 0:59
"Pom Poko Tanuki Band" (Wakaya Rakudan) 1:13
"Joyous Music III: A Happy Mouth" 0:25
"A Father's Sorrow" 0:39
"Paradise of Freedom" 0:23
"Extract from Mahler's "Symphony No. 1", "Giant", 4th Movement 3:32
"Theme III: Spring Rain" 3:32
"Cuckoo III" 0:28
"Cuckoo IV: The Correct Answer" 0:26
"Cuckoo V"
CD 2
"Round of Forgotten Things I: Morning Blessings" 1:16
"Round of Forgotten Things II: Morning Blessings" 1:19
"Cherry Cherry" 0:45
"Extract from Albinoni's Adagio" 2:07
"Young People" 1:42
"Cuckoo VI: Summer Dreams" 0:28
"Joyous Music III: School is Fun" 0:50
"Exciting BGM" 0:45
"Telephone Line" (Akiko Yano) 2:56
"Bach: Prelude and Fugue No. 8 in E Flat Minor" 4:14
"Cheerful Music III: Going My Way" 1:16
"Round of Forgotten Things: Bridge" 0:28
"Round III of Forgotten Things: Good Advice" 0:36
"The Masked Moonbeam Theme Song, "Who is the Masked Moonbeam?" (Yoshiko Kondou) 3:24
"Broken Dreams" 0:24
"Mozart's "Toy's Symphony", Movement No. 2" 2:27
"Que Sera, Sera (Whatever Will Be, Will Be)" 3:20
"Quit Being Alone" 3:55
Release and reception
The film was released in Japan on July 17, 1999. It was the only film produced by Ghibli to not be released by Toho or the Toei Company. It is one of only two films from Miyazaki or Takahata to be distributed by neither company, the other being Gauche the Cellist.
The film received positive reviews, with praise to its unique visual style, humor and its observational look at modern Japanese suburban family life. On review aggregator site Rotten Tomatoes, My Neighbors the Yamadas has an approval rating of 78% based on 8 reviews and an average rating of 7.1/10. Ryan Lambie of Den of Geek awarded the film four stars and said, "Anyone expecting the soaring beauty of a typical Studio Ghibli production will probably be a little bemused by the mundanity of the Yamadas' existence, but there's a soothing calm to their daily struggles, a haiku-like sense of tranquillity." Empire rated it four stars and described the film as "an episodic piece that swaps narrative through-lines for a string of comedic observations on family dynamics. Witty, playful and gorgeous to look at." Sam Sewell-Peterson of The Film Magazine praised the film's visuals and called it "a soothing balm, a leisurely and pleasant look at domestic mundanity.
Despite the positive reviews, the film did not fare as well at the box office in Japan as other Ghibli films had done.
Home media
The movie was released on VHS and DVD in Japan by Buena Vista Home Entertainment Japan on November 17, 2000. It is the first Studio Ghibli movie to be released on DVD.
My Neighbors the Yamadas was released on DVD in America on August 16, 2005, alongside another Takahata film, Pom Poko by Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment. A Blu-ray version was released in Japan in 2010, and in the UK the following year. The US never got a Blu-ray release by Disney, but GKIDS released the film on Blu-ray for the first time in the US, as well as re-issuing the DVD under a new deal with Studio Ghibli on January 16, 2018.
Accolades
My Neighbors the Yamadas received an Excellence Award for animation at the 1999 Japan Media Arts Festival.
References
External links
1999 anime films
1999 animated films
1999 films
1990s Japanese-language films
Animated comedy films
Comedy anime and manga
Anime films based on manga
Films about dysfunctional families
Films directed by Isao Takahata
Hisaichi Ishii
Studio Ghibli animated films
Shochiku films
Films set in Japan
1990s children's animated films
Terry Barratt (born 23 February 1971) is a former English cricketer. Barratt was a left-handed batsman who bowled right-arm medium-fast. They were born at Rothwell, Northamptonshire.
Barratt represented the Northamptonshire Cricket Board in a single List A match against Northamptonshire in the 2001 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy.
References
External links
Terry Barratt at Cricinfo
Terry Barratt at CricketArchive
1971 births
Living people
People from Rothwell, Northamptonshire
English cricketers
Northamptonshire Cricket Board cricketers
The Piscine des Tourelles, sometimes listed as Le stade nautique des Tourelles, is an aquatics venue that was used to host the diving, swimming, water polo, and the swimming portion of the modern pentathlon events for the 1924 Summer Olympics. Located in the 20th arrondissement of Paris, it hosted eleven swimming, diving, and one water polo during those games. Attendance at the games totaled 51,000 for all eight event days.
In 1989, it underwent extensive renovation, and reopened as the Piscine Georges Vallerey, although it is still widely known by its old name. The renovated pool is 50 meters in length but can be divided into two unequal parts by an underwater partition. A retractable roof was also installed as part of the renovation, allowing sunbathing when the weather is fine.
References
External links
Piscine des Tourelles, Georges Vallerey
Venues of the 1924 Summer Olympics
Defunct sports venues in France
Olympic diving venues
Olympic modern pentathlon venues
Olympic swimming venues
Olympic water polo venues
Sports venues in Paris
Komdarreh () is a village in Dasht-e Sar Rural District, Dabudasht District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,924, in 517 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Marcy Hill is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Marcy. Located in Oneida County, north of Utica.
References
Mountains of Oneida County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
Wilmary Álvarez (born 13 May 1984) is a Venezuelan track and field sprinter who competes in the 100 metres, 200 metres and 400 metres.  They are a seven-time medallist at the South American Championships in Athletics, having won a medal in all of the individual sprint and relay events. They took a gold medal in the 4 × 100 metres relay at the 2014 South American Games.
With the Venezuelan women's relay team they have performed at 2011 Military World Games, the IAAF World Relays twice (2014, 2015) and also the 2015 Pan American Games. They helped set Venezuelan records in the 4 × 100 metres relay (44.81 seconds in 2012) and the 4 × 400 metres relay (3:34.30 minutes in 2003).
At regional level they have won several medals at the Bolivarian Games, Ibero-American Championships in Athletics and ALBA Games. They were also highly successful in age category competitions, taking medals at South American youth, junior and under-23 levels.
Personal bests
100 metres – 11.59 (2003)
200 metres – 23.39 (2003)
400 metres – 53.33 (2008)
International competitions
References
All-Athletics
Living people
1984 births
Venezuelan female sprinters
Pan American Games competitors for Venezuela
Athletes (track and field) at the 2015 Pan American Games
South American Games gold medalists for Venezuela
South American Games silver medalists for Venezuela
South American Games bronze medalists for Venezuela
South American Games medalists in athletics
Competitors at the 2002 South American Games
Competitors at the 2006 South American Games
Competitors at the 2014 South American Games
20th-century Venezuelan women
21st-century Venezuelan women
1-Tetradecanol, or commonly myristyl alcohol (from Myristica fragrans – the nutmeg plant), is a straight-chain saturated fatty alcohol, with the molecular formula CH3(CH2)12CH2OH. It is a white waxy solid that is practically insoluble in water, soluble in diethyl ether, and slightly soluble in ethanol.
Production
1-Tetradecanol may be prepared by the hydrogenation of myristic acid (or its esters); myristic acid itself can be found in nutmeg (from where it gains its name) but is also present in palm kernel oil and coconut oil and it is from these that the majority of 1-tetradecanol is produced. It may also be produced from petrochemical feedstocks via either the Ziegler process.
Uses
As with other fatty alcohols, 1-tetradecanol is used as an ingredient in cosmetics such as cold creams for its emollient properties. It is also used as an intermediate in the chemical synthesis of other products such as surfactants.
Toxicity
Like other fatty alcohols, myristyl alcohol has very low acute toxicity, with LD50 >5000 mg/kg (oral, rat).
References
External links
(MSDS for 1-tetradecanol / Myristyl Alcohol)
Fatty alcohols
Cosmetics chemicals
Primary alcohols
Alkanols
This is The Coast is a local radio station serving Scarborough, Filey, Whitby and Bridlington.
History
This is The Coast launched in October 2020 to provide a local radio service for the Yorkshire Coast after the area's previous local station, Yorkshire Coast Radio, became part of a national radio network.
Initially the station launched online and smart speakers before obtaining an Ofcom DAB licence later in the month.
Programming
The station produces all of its programmes locally with presenter led programming broadcast from 6am to 10pm on weekdays and from 8am to 6pm at the weekend.
Local presenters include Paddy Billington, Tom Hooper, Mike Nicholson, Kev Roberts, Tom Ironside and Matthew Pells.
News
This is The Coast broadcasts hourly news bulletins, with headlines on the half-hour during weekday breakfast.
The bulletins have a strong local focus with a team of in-house journalists also producing content for the station's website and smartphone app.
National material is provided by Sky News Radio.
Transmission
This is the Coast can be heard on DAB+ across North Yorkshire on the Muxco multiplex. With transmitters at Oliver's Mount, Bilsdale, Harlow Hill and Acklam Wold
The station is also available online, on its own smartphone apps and on smart speakers.
References
This
Scarborough, North Yorkshire
Bridlington
Filey
Whitby
Radio stations established in 2020
2020 establishments in England
The Saint Paul Municipal Grain Terminal, also known as the head house (a six-story grain elevator) and sack house, sits on piers over the Mississippi River in Saint Paul, Minnesota, United States. It was built between 1927 and 1931 as part of the Equity Cooperative Exchange and is a remnant of Saint Paul's early history as a Mississippi River port city. The Saint Paul Municipal Grain Terminal was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
Historical grain terminal
The structure is nationally significant as the first successful grain terminal elevator owned and operated by a farm cooperative in the United States. At one time the facility included 90 grain silos, a small mill, the head house for loading grain onto barges and train cars, and the sack house for sacking milled flour.
Location
The Grain Terminal is located at 266 Old Shepard Road, Saint Paul, Minnesota. Renovated and renamed "City House," it is available to rent for meetings, events and gatherings.
Once slated for demolition and listed as one of the most endangered historic sites in Minnesota, the municipal grain terminal on the Upper Landing now serves as a unique park pavilion, interpretive center and event venue. It is now called City House, as it was during the height of the farmers' cooperative movement of the 1920 and 30s.
In 2001, plans to redevelop the Upper Landing – a former industrial site – were stalled due to several issues, including the dilapidated state of the grain terminal complex. To resolve this and other key issues, the Riverfront Corporation formed a task force, which included representatives from the Upper Landing's master developer Centex, the city, the Port Authority and surrounding neighborhoods, plus historians and preservationists. With regard to the grain terminal, the task force acknowledged that the buildings were historically significant and should be saved if possible, but also noted that the site could not be held indefinitely in its deteriorated condition.
To gather ideas and garner support for rehabilitating the grain terminal buildings, the Riverfront Corporation created the 2002 WHAZIT! Contest – a design competition that brought in over 200 ideas from across the U.S. and 13 foreign countries. The Saint Paul City Council asked the city, Riverfront Corporation staff, Centex and the Port Authority to review the entries in order to find the most appropriate and viable ideas.
After restaurant plans failed to materialize, the city, Riverfront Corporation and stakeholders worked to develop and finance redevelopment of the site as a park pavilion, trail head, interpretive center and event venue. The Riverfront Corporation wrote a successful request for a $1 million federal TEA-21 grant for building renovation. Additional funding for the project came from State of Minnesota bonding, Saint Paul Housing and Redevelopment Authority, Centex, Minnesota DEED, and Saint Paul Cultural STAR grant. The Riverfront Corporation secured funds from The CHS Foundation, Mississippi River Fund, The McKnight Foundation through Historic Saint Paul, and Saint Paul Cultural STAR to develop historic themes and exhibits for the buildings. Overall building redevelopment and exhibit costs were $3,127,500. The award-winning architectural firm Meyer Sherer Rockcastle served as the architect for the City House project.
Based on its national significance in the farmers' cooperative movement and its importance in the history of shipping on the river, the property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
Today, City House is managed by Saint Paul Parks and Recreation and is open from dawn to dusk. Cantilevered out over the Mississippi River, the complex offers expansive views of the river valley and the downtown skyline.
References
External links
1930s architecture in the United States
Agricultural buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in Minnesota
Commodity exchanges in the United States
Grain elevators in Minnesota
1931 establishments in Minnesota
Infrastructure completed in 1931
National Register of Historic Places in Saint Paul, Minnesota
Towers completed in 1931
Towers in Minnesota
The Upper Hessian Railway Company (Oberhessische Eisenbahn-Gesellschaft) was a private concern whose aim was to build and run railway lines in the province of Upper Hesse in the Grand Duchy of Hesse, a state within the German Empire in the 19th and early 20th centuries.
Whilst the Main-Weser railway had linked Wetterau, a town in the western part of the province of Upper Hesse, to the new mode of transport as early as 1850–1852, much of the area, around the Vogelsberg, remained without any railway connexions for years. Not until 1868/69 was the Upper Hessian Railway Company founded with assistance from the Frankfurt banking house, Erlanger & Söhne, and with the financial support of the state of Hesse.
It contracted a Belgian company to build routes from the railway hub of Giessen to Gelnhausen (Lahn–Kinzig Railway) and Fulda (Vogelsberg Railway). On 29 December 1869 services were opened from Giessen to Hungen, on 29 June 1870 to Nidda and on 30 October 1870 to Büdingen. The entire route of the Lahn-Kinzig Railway to Gelnhausen, that comprised a link line of 70 km length along the western perimeter of the Vogelsberg to the Kinzig Valley Railway, was completed on 30 November 1870.
The 106 km long link from Giessen to Fulda ran through the northern foothills of the Vogelsberg, the first section of which was opened to traffic as far as Grünberg on 29 December 1869. But further construction on the railway was delayed by the Franco-Prussian War so that Alsfeld was not reached until 29 July 1870, Lauterbach until 30 October 1870 and Bad Salzschlirf by the end of the same year. The remainder of the Vogelsberg Railway was not completed until 31 July 1871. Twenty-eight kilometres of the two routes lay in Prussian territory.
The demand for services turned out to be below expectations for both passenger and goods traffic. As a result, the company reached an agreement with the Grand Duchy of Hesse whereby the state became the owner of the railway from 1 January 1876. The state set up a railway division for the Upper Hessian Railways in the provincial capital of Giessen. This formed the cornerstone for the subsequent Grand Duchy of Hesse State Railways.
Literature
Arthur von Mayer: Geschichte und Geographie der Deutschen Eisenbahnen, Berlin 1894
See also
Grand Duchy of Hesse
Grand Duchy of Hesse State Railways
History of rail transport in Germany
Prussian state railways
Grand Duchy of Hesse
Transport in Hesse
Defunct railway companies of Germany
1868 establishments in the Grand Duchy of Hesse
German companies established in 1868
Railway companies established in 1868
Following is a table of the United States presidential elections in Rhode Island, ordered by year. Since its admission to statehood in 1790, Rhode Island has participated in every U.S. presidential election.
Winners of the state are in bold. The shading refers to the state winner, and not the national winner.
Elections from 1864 to present
Election of 1860
The election of 1860 was a complex realigning election in which the breakdown of the previous two-party alignment culminated in four parties each competing for influence in different parts of the country. The result of the election, with the victory of an ardent opponent of slavery, spurred the secession of eleven states and brought about the American Civil War.
Elections from 1828 to 1856
Election of 1824
The election of 1824 was a complex realigning election following the collapse of the prevailing Democratic-Republican Party, resulting in four different candidates each claiming to carry the banner of the party, and competing for influence in different parts of the country. The election was the only one in history to be decided by the House of Representatives under the provisions of the Twelfth Amendment to the United States Constitution after no candidate secured a majority of the electoral vote. It was also the only presidential election in which the candidate who received a plurality of electoral votes (Andrew Jackson) did not become President, a source of great bitterness for Jackson and their supporters, who proclaimed the election of Adams a corrupt bargain.
Elections from 1792 to 1820
In the election of 1820, incumbent President James Monroe ran effectively unopposed, winning all 4 of Rhode Island's electoral votes, and all electoral votes nationwide except one vote in New Hampshire. To the extent that a popular vote was held, it was primarily directed to filling the office of Vice President.
See also
Elections in Rhode Island
Notes
References
The 1880 Maine gubernatorial election was held on September 13, 1880 for a two-year term that was scheduled to run from January 13, 1881 to January 3, 1883. The contest resulted in the victory of Greenback and Democratic nominee Harris M. Plaisted, who narrowly defeated incumbent Republican Governor Daniel F. Davis, one of the few times Republicans lost control of the governorship between the founding of the party in the 1850s and the Great Depression.
Background
In 1878, events including wage cuts that precipitated the Great Railroad Strike of 1877 caused Plaisted to leave the Republican Party because of dissatisfaction with their monetary policy. As did many farmers and laborers, Plaisted opposed currency backed by gold and silver, arguing that it caused the post-Panic of 1873 deflation that reduced wages and prices paid to farmers, laborers, and producers of raw materials. Instead, they favored federal government-issued currency not backed by gold and silver, believing that this would prevent deflation and make business easier to transact by holding costs and salaries steady.
Both the national Republican and Democratic parties favored specie-backed currency issued by state-chartered banks. As a result of their unhappiness with the Republicans, Plaisted joined the new Greenback Party, and became their candidate for governor in 1881. They were also backed by pro-Greenback Democrats, and became the fusion candidate of both parties.
Davis had been elected governor in 1879 after a protracted struggle that resulted when none of the three major candidates -- Republican, Democratic, and Greenback -- received a majority, though Davis had attained a significant plurality. The legislature was required to choose, and Democrats and Greenbackers were the majority, but could not agree between themselves. Republican legislators eventually barred their opponents from the Maine State House, reconstituted the legislature, and elected Davis to the governorship. The dispute was then submitted to the Maine Supreme Court. Composed of seven Republicans and one Democrat, the court sustained the Republicans in the legislature, and Davis was inaugurated.
During Davis' governorship, Maine's government was chiefly concerned with the ongoing issue of regulating alcoholic beverages, with some legislators favoring manufacture, sale and consumption, some prohibition and some local option. In addition, the dispute over the 1879 election remained an important issue, and carried over to the 1880 campaign.
Result
Taking advantage of voter unhappiness caused by the lingering effects of the 1873 economic downturn and the 1879 election, Plaisted prevailed over incumbent Davis by fewer than 200 votes, becoming one of only four non-Republicans to hold the governorship between the founding of the party in the 1850s and the Great Depression in 1929.
Plaisted: 73,713 (49.91%)
Davis: 73,544 (49.80%)
Two minor candidates, prohibition supporters Joshua Nye and William P. Joy also received votes. Nye's totals were 309 (.21%) and Joy's were 124 or .08%.
The rare Republican loss in Maine was seen as a sign that the post-Civil War tactic of "waving the bloody shirt" was less viable that it had been, and that Republicans would have to devise a new strategy in order to win the November presidential election.
References
Sources
Books
Internet
Gubernatorial
1880
1880 United States gubernatorial elections
Manuel Pedro Quintana Sáenz (October 19, 1835 – March 12, 1906) was the President of Argentina from 12 October 1904 to 12 March 1906. They died in office.
Biography
Manuel Quintana was born on October 19, 1835, son of Eladio de la Quintana y Uzín, and María Manuela Bernardina Sáenz de Gaona y Álzaga.
They received a law degree from the University of Buenos Aires in 1855 at the age of twenty and two years later they directed the chair of civil law at the same university.
On December 14, 1861, they married María del Carmen Susana Rodríguez Viana in the Church of San Nicolás de Bari, in Buenos Aires, and they had ten children.
Political career
They participated in politics since their youth and in 1860 they were elected deputy of the legislature of the Province of Buenos Aires, by the party of Bartolomé Mitre. Subsequently, they went to the Autonomist Party of Adolfo Alsina to oppose Miter's project to name the City of Buenos Aires Capital of the Republic.
In 1864, they were elected member of the Argentine Chamber of Deputies for the province of Buenos Aires and presented a bill to name the City of Rosario as the nation's capital, which would be approved but vetoed by the executive power.
In 1870 they were elected National Senator and in 1871 President Sarmiento sent them to Asunción to negotiate the peace treaty that ended the War of the Triple Alliance against Paraguay.
In 1873 they became a Freemason. Also in that year they presented themselves as a candidate in the presidential elections to succeed Sarmiento from 1874, but they lost to Nicolás Avellaneda.
In 1877 they held the title of rector of the University of Buenos Aires until 1881 when their term ended.
Quintana proposes to England to bomb Rosario
In 1876 there was an incident between the government of Santa Fe, at that time in charge of Servando Bayo, and the branch of the Bank of London in Rosario, for not having followed the law that ordered the conversion to gold of all emissions of paper money made by the government of the province.
As a result of this situation, the arrest of the branch manager and the intervention of the branch were ordered. Quintana was a National Senator and the bank's legal advisor at the time of the crisis, and they did not hesitate to resign from their bank for "health reasons." However, Quintana traveled to London, where they proposed to the government of Great Britain the bombing of the city of Rosario if the government of Santa Fe did not cancel the intervention of the bank.
Presidential election
At the end of the second presidency of Julio A. Roca, the National Autonomist Party was divided into two factions: the one led by Roca and the one led by former president Carlos Pellegrini; For this reason, Roca sought an alliance with Bartolomé Mitre's party, proposing an alliance formula that would lead a Mitrist, Manuel Quintana, as a candidate for president, accompanied by the roquista José Figueroa Alcorta. In the presidential elections of April 10, 1904, this formula was triumphant, and they were proclaimed President and Vice President of the Nation on June 12 of the same year by the electoral college. Quintana was 68 years old at the time.
Presidency
Their presidency took place within the scope of the period called the "Liberal Republic" or "Conservative Republic", marked by the elitist government of the National Autonomist Party and electoral fraud.
The Quintana government was a mere continuation of the previous ones: its foreign and economic policies followed the guidelines of Roca's; the economy continued to improve, driven by increased trade and the rail network continued to expand.
Government works
Among their government efforts, it is worth highlighting the nationalization of the University of La Plata, the regulation of the exercise of the liberal professions, the sanction of the Sunday rest law, proposed by the socialist deputy Alfredo Palacios, and the "Lainez Law" for the creation of elementary schools in the provinces.
Quintana did not agree with the uninominal system, established by the electoral law of 1901, since the system of patronage and the pressure on voters had not been modified. So they sent a bill to Congress, proposing a single and universal registry –based on military service records– and the mandatory nature of voting. The original project was so modified that the only thing it had in common with the one presented by the president was the elimination of the single-member system; it was a complete return to the previous system, with all its flaws.
Radical revolution of 1905
Since the defeat of 1893, and even more since the division between "bernardistas" and followers of Hipólito Yrigoyen, no one seriously considered the Unión Cívica Radical as a party with the possibility of accessing power. But, suddenly, the UCR reappeared showing a political and territorial organization far superior to that of the ruling party, and a great revolutionary decision, in the radical revolution of 1905, in which several units of the Army were involved. Exploded on February 4 of that year, it was relatively successful in Buenos Aires, Rosario, Córdoba, Bahía Blanca and Mendoza, but was quickly put down.
Attempt on their life
On August 11, 1905, Quintana and their wife, Susana Rodríguez Viana, suffered an attack against their lives, when Salvador Planas y Virella, a Catalan anarchist, shot at the presidential vehicle, but they could not carry out their task due to a failure in the pistol they used. Planas declared that they acted alone and that their motivation was to avenge the workers killed during the demonstration on May 21 of that year. They were arrested and during the trial in September 1907 the defense alleged mental instability. Planas was sentenced to 10 years in prison for attempted murder. On January 6, 1911, they fled the Buenos Aires National Penitentiary with the anarchist Francisco Solano Regis, who had attacked President José Figueroa Alcorta, Quintana's successor.
Health and death
The stress suffered by the president during the revolution and the subsequent attempt on their life damaged their health. As a consequence, they reduced their working hours to a minimum, which complicated their administration.
Despite all attempts, Quintana's health continued to deteriorate, so on January 25, 1906, Quintana decided to take a license, delegating the position on an interim basis to Vice President Figueroa Alcorta. Quintana retired to a farm in the current Belgrano neighborhood, to rest and try to improve their health.
However, Quintana was already very old, and finally died on March 12, 1906, becoming the first Argentine president to die in office. Their remains rest in the Recoleta Cemetery.
Legacy
Quintana's portrait was featured on the five hundred thousand austral banknote that circulated during the hyperinflation in Argentina from 1989 to 1991.
References
Presidents of Argentina
1835 births
1906 deaths
People from Buenos Aires
Argentine people of Spanish descent
National Autonomist Party politicians
Presidents of the Argentine Chamber of Deputies
Members of the Argentine Chamber of Deputies elected in Buenos Aires Province
Members of the Argentine Senate for Buenos Aires Province
Argentine Freemasons
19th-century Argentine lawyers
University of Buenos Aires alumni
Rectors of the University of Buenos Aires
Burials at La Recoleta Cemetery
20th-century Argentine politicians
Patrician families of Buenos Aires
William Mentor Graham (1800 – 1886) was an American teacher best known for tutoring Abraham Lincoln and giving them their higher education during the future President's time in New Salem, Illinois.
Graham was born near Greensburg, Kentucky. They died in 1886 in Blunt, South Dakota.
References
External links
Lincoln Lore
Mentor Graham house
1800 births
1886 deaths
People from Green County, Kentucky
19th-century American educators
Abraham Lincoln
Educators from Kentucky
Dil Bekaraar is an Indian romantic comedy streaming television series directed by Habib Faisal based on the 2013 novel Those Pricey Thakur Girls by Anuja Chauhan. The series stars Akshay Oberoi, Sahher Bambba, Anjali Anand, Raj Babbar, Padmini Kolhapure, Sukhmani Sadana and Poonam Dhillon. The series was premiered on Disney+ Hotstar on November 26, 2021.
Plot
Set in the 80s, the 10-episode series Dil Bekaraar revolves around the day-to-day shenanigans of Justice LN Thakur, their wife Mamta and their alphabetically named five daughters Anjini, Binodini, Chandu, Debjani and Eshwari.
Cast
Akshay Oberoi as Daylan Shekhawat
Sahher Bambba as Debjani
Raj Babbar as LN Thakur
Poonam Dhillon as Mamta Thakur
Anjali Anand as Binodini Thakur
Sukhmani Sadana as Anjini Thakur
Medha Shankar as Eshwari Thakur
Chandrachur Singh as Hardik Motla (Health Minister)
Aditya Kapadia as Gulgul
Pankaj Kalra as AN Thakur
Padmini Kolhapure as Bhudevi
Asif Reja Khan as Sateesh Friend
Apeksha Porwal as Mitali
Suhel Seth
Tej Sapru as Sahas Shekhawat
Sonali Sachdev as Juliet Shekhawat
Alekh Angal
Arjun Berry
Shataf Figar as Amitabh Bose
Episodes
Production
In 2019, Star India had commissioned the series adaptation of Anuja Chauhan's 2013 novel Those Pricey Thakur Girls for its then streaming service Hotstar under the newly created label Hotstar Specials as the rights for the adaptation was rebound to Chauhan.
Casting
In early July 2021, Medha Shankar was reportedly cast in the series. By the end of July 2021, casting was completed for the lead roles.
Release
All episodes of the series were premiered on Disney+ Hotstar in India, on Hulu in the United States and on Hotstar globally on November 26, 2021.
Promotion
The series was unveiled by Disney+ Hotstar as part of the SpecialsX21 line-up along. The first teaser was released in early November 2021 followed by the trailer.
Reception
Archika Khurana of The Times Of India rated the series three out of five and overall praised the story ‘Dil Bekaraar,' with its family drama and romance set in the era of telegrams, typewriters, Doordarshan, and Campa Cola, will definitely take you down the memory lane while recreating the 80s magic. It's enjoyable! . Biswadeep Ghosh of National Herald noted that Dil Bekaraar will make us yearn for those lost years from not-so-far-back in time and might end up binge-watching it on a weekday. Nandini Ramnath of Scroll.in highly praised the performance of the cast and the story that recalls the 80s India. Shreemayee Das of Firstpost noted that the series did a great job of building the world of DD, Campa Cola, and imported perfume and with the help of the opening theme and credits the audience would be immediately placed in that world.
References
External links
Hindi-language Disney+ Hotstar original programming
Indian web series
Hindi-language web series
Indian drama web series
2021 web series debuts
The Walter Camp Football Foundation (WCFF) is one of the organizations whose College Football All-America Team is recognized by the National Collegiate Athletic Association. The organization also presents various awards. It is named in honor of football pioneer Walter Camp.
Awards
Walter Camp Player of the Year
CT Player of the Year
Walter Camp Coach of the Year
Walter Camp Man of the Year
Walter Camp Alumni of the Year
Walter Camp Distinguished American Award
Joseph W. Kelly Award (high school)
Footnotes
External links
College football mass media
American journalism organizations
Anno 1800 is a city-building real-time strategy video game, developed by Blue Byte and published by Ubisoft, and launched on April 16, 2019. It is the seventh game in the Anno series, and returns to the use of a historical setting following the last two titles, Anno 2070 and Anno 2205, taking place during the Industrial Revolution in the 19th century. Following the previous installment, the game returns to the series' traditional city-building and ocean combat mechanics, but introduces new aspects of gameplay, such as tourism, blueprinting, and the effects of industrialisation influences on island inhabitants.
Overview
Anno 1800 takes place in the 19th century at the dawn of the Industrial Age. Like other Anno games, Anno 1800 is a city-building and strategy game. While it is set in the context of colonial trade, the featured architecture is Victorian Era and the economic engine is factory labor. The core gameplay of Anno 1800 takes place in the Old World, where the needs of the citizens, workers and artisans are central to the management of production and supply chains. A parallel New World city exists, which produces products that laborers in the Old World want to purchase, thus trade routes need to be established. Unlike its colonial 18th century predecessor Anno 1701, the game has a blueprint feature that helps the player to plan out the city.
The game also features a story campaign, a sandbox mode, and multiplayer mode. Like Anno 2205, the game features multisession gameplay, though unlike its predecessor, combat and city-building sessions are not separated. Anno 1800 integrates into a classic city-building game featuring randomly generated maps and trade routes, artificial intelligence (AI) opponents that build on the same map as the player, and naval warfare.
The attractiveness rating of Anno 1800 grapples with the impact of industrialization on the population. With every factory the city's attractiveness rating falls and the rating of the area around an emerging industrial zone is also affected. Tourists contribute to the city's income and will flock to natural land, local festivities, and various decorative ornaments, but dislike pollution, local unrest, and noisy or smelly industry.
The blueprint mode of Anno 1800 is one of the new additions to the series. It helps the player by allowing them to plan out their city with silhouetted blueprint buildings, without immediately spending valuable resources on actually constructing them. If a player has insufficient resources the blueprint building can be placed on the city map for later construction. Once planning is done and the necessary resources are gathered, each blueprint building can be built with a single click.
Downloadable content
The Anno 1800 Season 1 pass for paid-for downloadable content (DLC) includes the three DLC packs Sunken Treasure, Botanica and The Passage. While in Botanica cities can be beautified to attract more tourists, The Passage allows the player to sail the Northwest Passage on the way to the Arctic Circle.
In 2020, Season 2 introduced a further three DLC packs. Seat of Power lets the player choose which policies will influence the settlements in the vicinity of a palace. The Bright Harvest DLC introduces tractors and workforce reduction. In Land of Lions the player is challenged with exploring a desert, navigate social class and build an irrigation system to counter water shortage.
In 2021, Season 3 introduced three more DLCs. Dockland allows the player to turn their city into a global trade hub with a modular warehouse system and use trade contracts to create a monopoly on player's favorite goods. Tourist Season introduces the new Tourist resident tier to city's hotels and keep them entertained with restaurants and bus tours of hotspots. The High Life implements the construction of the first skyscrapers helping keep investors happy with shopping malls and the construction of the game's biggest monument, the Empire Building.
In 2022, Season 4 saw the release of a further three DLCs. These DLCs focused more on the New World, introducing Haciendas and other game mechanics. In addition, these three DLCs each came with their own custom scenario, each containing new challenges and unique gameplay experiences. The three DLCs included in Season 4 are Seeds of Change, Empire of the Skies, and New World Rising.
Distribution
Anno 1800 is available on Epic Games Store, Origin, and Ubisoft Connect. It was originally also available for pre-purchase on Steam, but was pulled from Steam when it officially launched.
Reception
The game received "generally favorable" reviews according to review aggregator Metacritic. The title became the fastest-selling Anno game, selling four times more copies than Anno 2205 achieved during its first week of release.
Awards
References
External links
Anno (series)
City-building games
Real-time strategy video games
Science fiction video games
Ubisoft games
Windows games
Windows-only games
Video games about robots
Video games developed in Germany
Video games set in the 19th century
Video games set in the Arctic
Blue Byte games
2019 video games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
{{Infobox boxing match
| fight date = March 13, 2010
| Fight Name = The Event
| image =
| location = Cowboys Stadium, Arlington, Texas, U.S.
| fighter1 = Manny Pacquiao
| nickname1 = Pac-Man
| record1 = 50-3-2 (38 KO)
| hometown1 = General Santos City, Philippines
| height1 = 5 feet 6+1/2 inches
| style1 = Southpaw
| weight1 = 145+3/4 lb
| recognition1 = The Ring junior welterweight championWBO welterweight champion [[The Ring (magazine)|The Ring]] No. 1 ranked pound-for-pound fighter7-division world champion
| fighter2 = Joshua Clottey
| nickname2 = The Grand Master
| record2 = 35-3 (20 KO)
| hometown2 = Accra, Ghana
| height2 = 5 feet 8 inches
| weight2 = 147 lb
|style2 = Orthodox
| recognition2 = Former welterweight champion
| titles = WBO welterweight title
| result = Pacquiao wins via 12-round unanimous decision (120-108, 119-109, 119-109)
}}
Manny Pacquiao vs. Joshua Clottey, billed as The Event'', was a welterweight fight for the WBO welterweight championship. The bout was held on March 13, 2010, at Cowboys Stadium, in Arlington, Texas, United States. This match was put together after the long awaited "superfight" between Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather Jr. had fallen through.
Negotiations
Following Pacquiao's victory against Cotto, there was much public demand for a fight between the two best pound-for-pound fighters in the world: Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather Jr. Pacquiao reportedly agreed to fight Mayweather on March 13, 2010, for a split of 50 million dollars up front. And it was later agreed that the venue for the fight would be the MGM Grand Las Vegas. However, the bout was put in jeopardy due to disagreements about Olympic-style drug testing. The Mayweather camp wanted random blood testing by the United States Anti-Doping Agency, whereas Pacquiao refused to have any blood testing within 30 days from the fight, because they thought it would weaken him, but they were willing to have blood taken from them before the 30-day window as well as immediately after the fight. Freddie Roach, on the other hand, commented that they would allow blood to be taken from Pacquiao one week before the fight. In an attempt to resolve their differences, the two camps went through a process of mediation before a retired judge. After the mediation process, Mayweather claimed that they agreed to a 14-day no blood testing window, however, Pacquiao refused and instead only agreed to a 24-day no blood testing window. Consequently, on January 7, 2010, Pacquiao's promoter Bob Arum declared that the fight was officially off.
Pacquiao agreed to random blood testing above and beyond that which is required by the rules of the Nevada State Athletic Commission, but not to the extent requested by Mayweather. Despite producing no evidence to back their claims (Pacquiao has been drug tested for all of their past fights in Las Vegas and has passed them all), the Mayweather camp had repeatedly suggested Pacquiao was using banned substances throughout the negotiations, which resulted in Pacquiao filing a lawsuit for defamation, seeking damages in excess of 75,000 dollars. The lawsuit cited accusations made by Mayweather, Floyd Mayweather Sr., Roger Mayweather, Oscar De La Hoya, and Golden Boy Promotions CEO Richard Schaefer. The lawsuit claimed that the damaging and unfounded accusations were made out of "ill-will, spite, malice, revenge, and envy." Pacquiao stated: "I maintain and assure everyone that I have not used any form or kind of steroids and that my way to the top is a result of hard work, hard work, hard work and a lot of blood spilled from my past battles in the ring, not outside of it."
After negotiations for the Mayweather fight fell through, other boxers were considered to replace Mayweather as the next opponent for Pacquiao, including former light welterweight champion Paul Malignaggi and current WBA super welterweight champion Yuri Foreman, while Mayweather considered Malignaggi and the smaller Nate Campbell as potential opponents for their next fight. However, Pacquiao chose to fight Joshua Clottey instead, a tough boxer from Ghana and the former IBF welterweight champion.
The fight
Pacquiao won every round and ultimately the fight through a unanimous decision. They dominated the punch count throughout the fight. Clottey landed some successful punches in the middle rounds, but never produced a sustained offensive. Manny Pacquiao defended their title by unanimous decision, 120-108, 119-109, 119-109. After the fight, Pacquiao returned to Manila. At the time, they reflected on a possible retirement.
The fight was rewarded with a paid crowd of 36,371 and a gate of $6,359,985, according to post-fight tax reports filed with Texas boxing regulators. Counting complimentary tickets delivered to sponsors, media outlets and others, the Dallas fight attracted 41,843, well short of the 50,994 that was previously announced, but still an epic number for boxing. In addition, the bout drew 700,000 pay-per-view buys and earned $35.3 million in domestic revenue.
Undercard
References
External links
Top Rank Boxing
Clottey
2010 in boxing
Boxing in Texas
Sports in Arlington, Texas
21st century in Arlington, Texas
2010 in sports in Texas
March 2010 sports events in the United States
Boxing on HBO
Events in Arlington, Texas
Tchê music or chê music is a variation of the traditional music style from the most southern state of Brazil, Rio Grande do Sul. It incorporates elements from Bahian music (north-east), of the Chorinho (ancient Brazilian style), the Pagode (a variation of Samba), the Samba itself is also used, folk and dance music, to the commonest musical rhythms of Rio Grande do Sul, like the Chamamé, Vaneira and Xote.
This musical style is considered modern for the Rio Grande do Sul's tradition cultivators because in the Tchê Music equipments were incorporated to modernize the rural music, like percussion, drums, electric guitar and DJs.
The Tchê Music is represented mainly by the musical groups Tchê Barbaridade, who began the "Tchê Era", Tchê Garotos and Tchê Guri. Tchê Barbaridade started in the end of the 80s, Tchê Guri in the beginning of the 90s and Tchê Garotos was launched in 1995.
In the middle of 2006, the people of the Traditionalist Movement from Rio Grande do Sul (MTG) prohibited the musicians of Tchê Music to use pilcha (traditional Guacho clothes, buts, bombacha, guaiaca), because they didn't find it a legitim cultural representation from Rio Grande do Sul. They consider that Tchê Music bands are altering the rhythm of the music from the state and its traditional garment. For the MTG, the principal preoccupation is the devaluation of the tradition, which should be above the financial values, or it would lose its finality.
With these kinds of prohibition, the components of the Tchê Music have got united and founded the Tchê Brasil Movement (MTB), in defense of Tchê Music, and created specific places for this style, as well as the CTGs are for the rural music from Rio Grande do Sul.
References
Breves considerações estatutárias e jurídicas acerca da introdução de novos ritmos musicais e provas nos eventos tradicionalistas - Confederação Brasileira da Tradição Gaúcha
External links
Tche Barbaridade
Tche Garotos
Tche Guri
Brazilian styles of music
Group B of the MŽRKL took place between 7 October 2015 and it will end on 23 December 2015.
The three best ranked teams advanced to the League 6.
Standings
Fixtures/Results
All times given below are in Central European Time.
Game 1
Game 2
Game 3
Game 4
Game 5
Game 6
Game 7
Game 8
Game 9
Game 10
External links
Official website
MŽRKL 2015–16 Group B at srbijasport.net
Group B
2015–16 in Bosnia and Herzegovina basketball
2015–16 in Montenegrin basketball
2015–16 in Croatian basketball
2015–16 in Slovenian basketball
Lurosetron (INN) is a serotonin 5-HT3 receptor antagonist.
Synthesis
References
5-HT3 antagonists
Imidazoles
Gamma-Carbolines
Erwin Groves "Murph" Chamberlain (February 14, 1915 in Shawville, Quebec – May 8, 1986) was a Canadian ice hockey centre who played in the National Hockey League for the Toronto Maple Leafs, Montreal Canadiens, Brooklyn Americans and Boston Bruins between 1937 and 1949. They won the Stanley Cup twice, in 1944 and 1946, both with Montreal.
Playing career before NHL
Chamberlain, whose first name was spelled "Irwin" in their hometown newspaper, reportedly began their hockey career in Shawville, PQ. They were reportedly added to the Toronto Maple Leafs reserve list by 1937 after steadily improving their game while playing in Northern Ontario. In April 1937 they scored 4 goals and 2 goals respectively for the Sudbury Tigers in a two-game Eastern Canada senior amateur hockey finals against the Hull Volants. The Tigers won the first game in Ottawa 9–4 in front of a "record-breaking" crowd before winning the second game in Toronto 14–2.
The Sudbury Tigers then travelled to Calgary, Alberta to play for the Allan Cup against the Western Canada senior champs, the North Battleford Beavers. Sudbury won the 5 game series 3 games to 2.
As the Allan Cup champions, the Sudbury Tigers earned a berth in the one and only Toronto International Tournament in April, 1937 which pitted them against the English National League champs (Wembley Lions), the USA Amateur Champions (Hershey Bears) and the Memorial Cup Champs (Winnipeg Monarchs). The Sudbury Tigers scored a sudden-death in the third game of a 3-game final against the Wembley Lions to win the tournament. The tournament was hampered by controversies and low crowds so was not continued in following years.
NHL Playing career
Chamberlain began their NHL Career with the Toronto Maple Leafs in 1938. They played for them until the end of the 1940 season. The next year, they played for the Montreal Canadiens. In 1942, they spent time in the AHL with the Washington Lions. Later that season, they were called back to Montreal and then traded to the Brooklyn Americans. They spent the 1943 season with the Boston Bruins. After that season they returned to Montreal for the final six seasons of their career. They won the Stanley Cup twice with Montreal, in 1944 and 1946. They retired from hockey after the 1949 season.
Coaching career
Chamberlain was head coach of the Sudbury Wolves of the EPHL for two seasons 1960–61 and 1962–63.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
Achievements
1936–37 Allan Cup Champion (Sudbury Tigers)
1944 Stanley Cup Champion (Montreal)
1946 Stanley Cup Champion (Montreal)
References
External links
Erwin Chamberlain's Name on the 1946 Stanley Cup Plaque
1915 births
1986 deaths
Boston Bruins players
Brooklyn Americans players
Canadian ice hockey centres
Montreal Canadiens players
People from Outaouais
Springfield Indians players
Stanley Cup champions
Toronto Maple Leafs players
Hesar-e Amir Rural District () is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Pakdasht County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 45,082, in 11,125 families. The rural district has 9 villages.
References
Rural Districts of Tehran Province
Pakdasht County
Paul Bogle (1822– 24 October 1865) was a Jamaican Baptist deacon and activist.  They are a National Hero of Jamaica. They were a leader of the 1865 Morant Bay protesters, who marched for justice and fair treatment for all the people in Jamaica. After leading the Morant Bay rebellion, Bogle was captured, tried and convicted by the colonial government (who had declared martial law), and hanged on 24 October 1865 in the Morant Bay court house.
Bogle had become a friend of wealthy landowner and fellow Baptist George William Gordon, a bi-racial man who served in the Assembly as one of two representatives from St. Thomas-in-the-East parish. Gordon was instrumental in Bogle being appointed deacon of Stony Gut Baptist Church in 1864. Conditions were hard for black peasants, due to social discrimination, flooding and crop failure, and epidemics. The required payment of poll taxes prevented most of them from voting. In August 1865, Gordon criticised the governor of Jamaica, Edward John Eyre for sanctioning "everything done by the higher class to the oppression of the negroes".
Bogle concentrated on improving the conditions of the poor. As awareness of social injustices and people's grievances grew, Bogle led a group of small farmers 45 miles to the capital, Spanish Town, hoping to meet with Governor Eyre to discuss their issues, but they were denied an audience. The people of Stony Gut lost confidence and trust in the Government, and Bogle's supporters grew in number in the parish.
Morant Bay rebellion
On 7 October 1865, Bogle and some supporters killed two men from Stony Gut. A black man was convicted and sentenced to prison on charges of trespassing on a long abandoned plantation. One member of Bogle's group protested in court over the case, but was immediately arrested, angering the crowd further. They were rescued moments later when Bogle and their men took to the market square and retaliated. The police were severely beaten and forced to retreat.
On Monday, 9 October 1865, warrants were issued against Bogle and a number of others for riot and assault. The police arrived in Stony Gut to arrest Bogle but met with stiff resistance from the residents. They fought the police, forcing them to retreat to Morant Bay.
A few days later on 11 October 1865, there was a vestry meeting in the Court House. That day Bogle led hundreds of followers, armed with sticks and machetes, on a protest march to the court house. The authorities had mustered a volunteer militia, who fired into the protesters after stones were thrown, killing seven men. The protesters set fire to the Court House and nearby buildings. When officials tried to leave, several were killed by the angry mob outside; a total of 25 on both sides died that day.
Black peasants rose up and took control of the parish for two days. The governor quickly retaliated, declaring martial law and ordering troops to capture the rebels and suppress the rebellion. The troops destroyed Stony Gut and Bogle's chapel, killing more than 400 persons outright across the parish, including women and children. They arrested more than 300 persons, including Bogle. Jamaican Maroons from Moore Town eventually captured Bogle and delivered them to the colonial government. They were tried under martial law and quickly executed, as were many others. Others, including women, and brought back to Morant Bay to be tried under martial law. Gordon was convicted of conspiracy and hanged on 23 October.
Back in Britain there was public outcry, and increased opposition from liberals against Eyre's handling of the situation, with accusations against them of murder. Supporters praised the governor for acting quickly in the crisis to suppress a potentially larger rebellion. Bogle was later hanged on 24 October 1865.
Aftermath
By the end of 1865 the "Governor Eyre Case" had become the subject of widespread national debate. In January 1866, a Royal Commission was sent to investigate the events. Governor Eyre was suspended and recalled to England and eventually dismissed. The national government changed that of Jamaica. The House of Assembly resigned its charter, and Jamaica was made a Crown Colony, governed directly from Britain.
The "Eyre Controversy" turned into a long and increasingly public issue, dividing well-known figures of the day. It may have contributed to the fall of the government. In 1866 John Stuart Mill set up and chaired the Jamaica Committee to examine the atrocities committed in Jamaica in the course of ending the rebellion. Thomas Carlyle set up a rival committee to defend Eyre. Their supporters included John Ruskin, Charles Kingsley, Charles Dickens and Alfred, Lord Tennyson.
The Morant Bay rebellion turned out to be one of the defining points in Jamaica's struggle for both political and economical enhancement. Bogle's demonstration ultimately achieved its objectives and paved the way for new attitudes.
Legacy
In 1969 Paul Bogle was named a National Hero
along with George William Gordon, Marcus Garvey, Sir Alexander Bustamante and Norman Washington Manley. In the 1970s, two other National Heroes were added in the form of Samuel Sharpe and Queen Nanny of the Maroons.
Bogle is depicted on the heads side of the Jamaican 10-cent coin. Their face was also depicted on the Jamaican two-dollar bill, from 1969 until 1989, when the two-dollar bill was phased out. The identity of the sitter in the photograph used for these depictions is disputed.
The Paul Bogle High School in the parish of their birth is named after him.
 They are referred to together with Toussaint L'Ouverture, leader of the Haitian Revolution, in the name of the London-based publishing company Bogle-L'Ouverture.
In popular culture
As a national hero, Paul Bogle is referenced in many works of Jamaican culture. Most notably, dancehall performer Gerald Levy's stage name was "Bogle" (also "Mr Bogle" and "Father Bogle").
Third World produced a song about Bogle's execution. Other reggae artists who have named and written songs in tribute to Paul Bogle include Lee Scratch Perry and a co-production between The Aggrovators, and the Revolutionaries.
Bogle is mentioned in songs by Burning Spear, Brigadier Jerry, The Cimarons, Steel Pulse, Prince Far I, Lauryn Hill, Third World and General Trees.
In "So Many Things to Say", by Bob Marley & The Wailers (and subsequently covered by Lauryn Hill), Marley mentions Bogle in the same breath as Jesus Christ and Marcus Garvey, concluding: "I'll never forget no way they turned their backs on Paul Bogle, so don't you forget no youth who you are and where you stand in the struggle."
Paul Bogle is mentioned in the songs "See them a come" and "Innocent blood" by the reggae band Culture. Tarrus Riley also mentions Paul Bogle in the song "Shaka Zulu Pickney", alluding to their ancestry as a freedom fighter. St Thomas-born reggae artist Dwight "Bushman" Duncan hosts an annual Black History Month event called Football N Style in honor of Paul Bogle. They have also dedicated a series of their YouTube blog "Where I'm From" to Paul Bogle and the Morant Bay uprising.
Paul Bogle and the events outlined above are the theme of "Ballard of 65" by General Trees.
The British rapper Akala references Bogle on the track "Maangamizi" from their album The Thieves Banquet, saying: "Probably don't know the Haitian revolution caused the French to sell half of America, nor know the role that Africans played in the Civil War for that same America. If you ain't heard of Nanny of the Maroons or Bogle, you probably believe what they told you."
Jamaican reggae and dancehall musician Junior Reid mentions Paul Bogle in the song "Same Boat", which recalls the era of slavery, by saying "Paul Bogle haffi run like Usain Bolt".
Both George William Gordon and Paul Bogle are mentioned in Horace Andy's "Our Jamaican National Heroes", while Ruddy Thomas' "Grandfather Bogle" is a Bogle tribute.
References
Further reading
Mary Dixon, The Morant Bay Rebellion: The Story of George William Gordon and Paul Bogle, Birmingham, UK: Handprint, 1990, 20 pp.
Gad Heuman, "The Killing Time": The Morant Bay Rebellion in Jamaica, Knoxville: University of Tennessee Press, 1995, 222 pp.
External links
Dugdale-Pointon, T., "Paul Bogle, 1822–1865". Military History Encyclopedia on the Web, 22 September 2008.
"Paul Bogle", ItzCaribbean.com.
Baptist deacon
Jamaican rebels
Jamaican Baptists
National Heroes of Jamaica
1820s births
1865 deaths
Year of birth uncertain
19th-century Jamaican people
People executed by the Colony of Jamaica by hanging
19th-century Baptists
The 2010 Canadian Tour season ran from February to November and consisted of 11 tournaments. It was the 41st season of the Canadian Professional Golf Tour.
The season started with three events in Latin America (February to April), followed by seven events in Canada (June to August), and ending with one event in the United States (November). American Aaron Goldberg won the Order of Merit.
Schedule
The following table lists official events during the 2010 season.
Order of Merit
The Order of Merit was based on prize money won during the season, calculated in Canadian dollars.
Notes
References
External links
Official site
Canadian Tour
PGA Tour Canada
Zaslavsky, Zaslavski, Zaslavskii, Zaslavskiy () or Zasławski (Polish) is a masculine surname of Polish origin. The feminine counterpart (in Slavic countries) of "Zaslavsky" is Zaslavskaya or Zaslavskaia; that of "Zasławski" is Zasławska. The name may refer to
Denis Zaslavsky (born 1967), Russian professor dermatovenereologist
Aleksandr Zaslavsky (born 1996), Russian football player
Zedd (musician) (born 1989 as Anton Zaslavski), Russian-German musician, music producer, and DJ
Claudia Zaslavsky (1917–2006), American educator and ethnomathematician
Dora Zaslavsky (1905–1987), American pianist
George Zaslavsky (1935–2008), Soviet mathematical physicist
Tatyana Zaslavskaya (1927–2013), Russian economic sociologist
Thomas Zaslavsky (born 1945), American mathematician, son of Claudia
Victor Zaslavsky (1937–2009), Soviet political sociologist
Ilya Zaslavskiy (born 1960), Russian politician and disability advocate
Aleksander Zasławski (died 1629), Polish-Lithuanian noble
Aleksander Janusz Zasławski-Ostrogski (1650–1682), Polish-Lithuanian noble
Symeon Zaslawski and Michal Zaslawski, sons of Jaunutis (14th century), Grand Duke of Lithuania
Teofila Ludwika Zasławska (ca. 1650 – 1709), Polish noble
Władysław Dominik Zasławski-Ostrogski (ca. 1616 – 1656), Polish noble
Zasławski family, Polish–Ruthenian nobility
Max Zaslofsky (1925–1985), American professional basketball player and coach
Related pages are
Iziaslav of Kiev (disambiguation) (11th – 12th centuries), Kievan princes
Izyaslav of Polotsk (10th century), Kievan prince
Hope Holiday (born 1930 as Hope Jane Zee, originally Zaslawsky), American actor
Related places:
Iziaslav, Ukraine or Zaslav, city in Volhynia, Ukraine
Iziaslav Raion, former district in Ukraine containing city of Iziaslav
Duchy of Zaslawye, former territory now in Belarus
Zaslawye, town in Belarus
See also
Zaslav (disambiguation)
Polish-language surnames
Autogas for America claims to be the unified voice of the autogas industry in the United States. Composed of autogas experts, transportation industry specialists and environmental advocates, Autogas for America says it "leverages industry cooperation to widen recognition of autogas among the U.S. public, media and government."
Formed in 2010, the non-profit organization has grown to more than 100 stakeholders. Autogas for America does not favor any particular equipment manufacturer or fuel supplier, including stakeholders from both OEM manufacturers like Roush CleanTech, a subsidiary of Roush Performance, and after-market conversion providers like Alliance AutoGas.
Autogas for America's platform includes advocating the use of propane autogas as an alternative vehicle fuel. The organization markets autogas' application to public and private fleets. Among its goals, the organization's website says, "Autogas for America will pursue legislation that promotes the use of clean Autogas," to include the long-term extensions of the 50-cent-per-gallon alternative fuel tax credit and the 30%, up to $30,000, alternative fuel infrastructure credit that were renewed only through 2011 in. H.R. 4853.
References
External links
autogasforamerica.org
Lobbying in the United States
Organizations established in 2010
Engine fuel system technology
Fuel gas
Liquefied petroleum gas
2010 establishments in the United States
The last straw is an idiom referring to the Straw that broke the camel's back.
The Last Straw may refer to:
The Last Straw (1920 film), an American silent western film
The Last Straw (1987 film), a Canadian comedy film
The Last Straw (2008 film), an American documentary film of the last live performance of Charles Bukowski reading their poetry
[[The Last Straw (play)|The Last Staw (play)]], a 1937 comedy play by Edward Percy and Reginald Denham
The Last Straw (band), an Australian jazz ensemble
Diary of a Wimpy Kid: The Last Straw'', a novel by American author and cartoonist Jeff Kinney
The Backusburg Mounds (15-CW-64) are an archaeological site in the Jackson Purchase region of the U.S. state of Kentucky. Located near the tiny community of Backusburg in northwestern Calloway County, the mounds are one of the region's premier archaeological sites. Since at least the early years of the twentieth century, the mounds have been well known locally, due partially to their large size; the largest mound measures at the base. Located on a ridgeline above a fork of the Clarks River, the mound bears a peculiar shape; its size and shape have caused observers to suggest that it might actually be the remnants of a series of smaller mounds placed next to each other. As late as the 1930s, this largest mound had never been plowed; it lay in dense woodland, and among the trees growing upon it were some of considerable size. Nevertheless, the mound has not been preserved entirely without damage; various parts of the mound have been dug into at various times and have yielded numerous artifacts. Such findings are not unprecedented in the area; a field close to Backusburg has long produced skeletons, projectile points, and pottery when plowed, leading to its identification as a former village site.
Archaeologists first learned of the site in the 1920s, but only one scholarly investigation was conducted at the site during the twentieth century; it was performed largely by a team of students from the nearby Murray State University under the leadership of archaeologist Kenneth Carstens in 1981. Although Murray State only had one day's access to the site, the team was able to produce maps of the site that enabled its boundaries to be determined accurately, and the materials they collected from the surface enabled Carstens to study the site's cultural affiliation; it has since been determined to be a work of a Mississippian people. Four years later, the mound complex was listed on the National Register of Historic Places under its Smithsonian trinomial designation of 15-CW-64; it is Calloway County's only National Register-listed archaeological site and one of thirteen in the Jackson Purchase with this designation. Additional work was finally conducted at Backusburg in mid-2013, as another team of Murray State archaeology students was assigned to document the site more carefully for their field school. At the same, the property was in the middle of being bought by The Archaeological Conservancy, an organization whose raison d'être is purchasing archaeological sites in order to preserve them.
References
Archaeological sites in Kentucky
Calloway County, Kentucky
Middle Mississippian culture
Archaeological sites on the National Register of Historic Places in Kentucky
Mounds in Kentucky
National Register of Historic Places in Calloway County, Kentucky
John Adams D.D. (1662–1720) was an English churchman, and provost of King's College, Cambridge.
Life
John Adams was born in London, and educated at Eton College and Cambridge, where they were admitted to King's College in 1678, took the degree of B.A. in 1682, and M.A. in 1686. They afterwards travelled into Spain, Italy, France, and Ireland; and in 1687 was presented by the Lord Chancellor George Jeffries to the living of Higham in Leicestershire.
In London, they were lecturer of St Clement Danes; rector of St. Alban's Woodstreet, in the gift of Eton College; and Rector of St. Bartholomew, presented by Lord Harcourt, the chancellor. They were also a prebendary of Canterbury, chaplain in ordinary to Queen Anne, and in 1708, canon of Windsor. In 1711 they were presented to the living of Hornsey, by Henry Compton, Bishop of London; and in the following year elected Provost of King's College, a position they held until their death in 1719. They published in 1700 "An Essay on Self-Murther," a reply to John Donne's "Biathanatos," demonstrating that suicide was in no way natural to the human psyche or Divine law.
They were considered as an eloquent preacher, and often employed on public occasions. Fifteen of their sermons were printed from 1695 to 1712.
Sources
1662 births
1720 deaths
17th-century English Anglican priests
18th-century English Anglican priests
Alumni of King's College, Cambridge
Fellows of King's College, Cambridge
Provosts of King's College, Cambridge
British chaplains
Canons of Windsor
People educated at Eton College
Vice-Chancellors of the University of Cambridge
English male writers
Benjamin Waterhouse (born 11 June 1985) is an American Samoan judoka.
Waterhouse competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, representing American Samoa in the men's 73 kg weight category, where they were eliminated by Chamara Repiyallage of Sri Lanka in the second round of competition losing 000-101.
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
American people of Samoan descent
American Samoan male judoka
Olympic judoka of American Samoa
Judoka at the 2016 Summer Olympics
The Coast Guard Aviation Association, formerly known as the Ancient Order of the Pterodactyl (AOP) is a fraternal association founded in 1977. The organization has the purpose of focusing on United States Coast Guard aviation history. On 5 May 2007, the organization was renamed the Coast Guard Aviation Association.
Membership is for former and present officers and enlisted personnel of the United States Coast Guard, and designated pilots of other military services and foreign governments who have piloted Coast Guard aircraft while involved in exchange programs between the Coast Guard and their respective service or government.
Its goals include furthering and preserving the history of Coast Guard aviation and maintaining camaraderie between past and present Coast Guardsmen. The Coast Guard Aviation Association is headquartered in Chantilly, Virginia.
Activities
The Order hosts an annual gathering known as the "Roost". A Roost is normally anchored by a Coast Guard Air Station.
List of past Roost locations:
1977 Long Beach, CA
1978 San Francisco, CA
1979 San Francisco, CA
1980 Mobile, AL
1981 Elizabeth City, NC
1982 Traverse City, MI
1983 San Diego, CA
1984 Mobile, AL
1985 Washington, D.C.
1986 Corpus Christi, TX
1987 Port Angeles, WA
1988 New Orleans, LA
1989 Elizabeth City, NC
1990 Oshkosh, WI
1991 Pensacola, FL
1992 Astoria, OR
1993 Clearwater, FL
1994 Traverse City, MI
1995 San Diego, CA
1996 Cape Cod, MA
1997 NAS Pensacola, FL
1998 Colorado Springs, CO
1999 Atlantic City, NJ
2000 Seattle, WA (Boeing Air Museum)
2001 Miami, FL
2002 Mobile, AL
2003 Elizabeth City, NC
2004 Sacramento, CA
2005 Savannah, GA
2006 Traverse City, MI
2007 Washington, DC
2008 Astoria, OR
2009 Elizabeth City, NC
2010 Jacksonville, FL
2011 Mobile, AL
2012 Sacramento, CA
2013 Washington, DC
2014 Cape Cod, MA
2015 San Diego, CA
2016 Mobile, AL
2017 Atlantic City, NJ
2018 Traverse City, MI
References
External links
1977 establishments in Virginia
United States Coast Guard Aviation
Service organizations based in the United States
History of the United States Coast Guard
Non-profit organizations based in Chantilly, Virginia
United States military associations
The 1990 Paris–Tours was the 84th edition of the Paris–Tours cycle race and was held on 14 October 1990. The race started in Chaville and finished in Tours. The race was won by Rolf Sørensen of the Ariostea team.
General classification
References
1990 in French sport
1990
1990 UCI Road World Cup
1990 in road cycling
October 1990 sports events in Europe
Homeira Moshirzadeh (; born 1962) is an Iranian political scientist and associate professor in the Department of International Relations and an associate faculty at the Center for Women's Studies, at University of Tehran.
Career
Moshirzadeh has published many books in Persian. They have translated some of the major IR texts into Persian, including Hans Morgenthau's Politics among Nations and Alexander Wendt's Social Theory of International Politics.
I articles on international relations, feminism, Iran 's foreign policy, and dialogue of civilizations have been published in Persian and English journals, including Siasat Khareji (Foreign Policy), Majalleh Daneshkadeh Hoghoogh va Olum Siasi, and The Iranian Journal of International Affairs. Some of their articles on dialogue of civilizations, cultural studies, and women's studies have appeared in edited volumes in Persian and English. Moshirzadeh's From a Social Movement to a Social Theory: History of Feminism won the Women's Library Prize in 2005.
 They are a board member of the Editorial Board at the International Journal of Political Science.
Works and Publications
As author
Social Movements: A Theoretical Introduction, 2001
From a Social Movement to a Social Theory: History of Feminism, 2002
Theories of International Relations, 2005
An Introduction to Women's Studies, 2005
Civilizational Dialogue and Political Thought: Tehran Papers - Global Encounters: Studies in Comparative Political Theory(Contributing author), 2007
Widening the World of International Relations, 2018
Friendship in International Relations and a Homegrown Perspective: Lessons from Sa'di - co-authored with Fariba Alikarami, 2018.
Articles
Recent Theoretical Developments in IR: Implications for Indigenous Theorizing, 2011
Revival of Foreign Policy Analysis: a multi variable analysis, 2015
Majalleh Daneshkadeh Hoghoogh va Olum Siasi
Siasat Khareji (Foreign Policy)
The Iranian Journal of International Affairs
Iranian Exceptionalism and Iran-US Relations: From 1979 to 2021, 2020.
Trump's Cognition and Their Unorthodox Foreign Policy Approach, Journal of World Sociopolitical Studies 2021 (Co-authored with Afrasiabi, Shayan) doi:10.22059/WSPS.2022.340537.1291
As editor
Caspian Sea: An Overview (Editor), 2002
Dialogue of Civilizations (Editor), 2005
Translations
Social Theory of International Politics by Alexander Wendt
Politics among Nations by Hans Morgenthau
References
External links
Profile at the University of Tehran
List of Homeira Moshirzadeh's publications
1962 births
Living people
Iranian women scientists
University of Tehran faculty
Iranian political scientists
Iranian writers
Persian-language writers
Women political scientists
Klas Filip Cheick Tidjane Apelstav (born 18 September 1971) is a Swedish former professional footballer who played as a defender. They played for IFK Norrköping and was a member of the Sweden Olympic football team that competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain. They were also a part of the Sweden U21 team that finished second at the 1992 UEFA European Under-21 Championship.
References
Links
1971 births
Living people
Swedish footballers
Association football defenders
Olympic footballers of Sweden
Footballers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Sweden under-21 international footballers
Sweden youth international footballers
Swedish expatriate footballers
Eliteserien players
IFK Norrköping players
Kongsvinger IL Toppfotball players
Sogndal Fotball players
Expatriate footballers in China
Expatriate footballers in Norway
Annu Palakunnathu Matthew (born 1964) is a British photographer. Them work has been exhibited at the Rhode Island School of Design Museum; Guangzhou Biennial of Photography, China; Tang Museum, New York; and The Smithsonian National Museum of Natural History. Matthew is a professor of art (photography) in the University of Rhode Island's Department of Art and Art History.
Major works and exhibitions
The Unremembered: Indian Soldiers from the Italian Campaign of World War I
Open Wound: Stories of Partition
To Majority Minority
An Indian From India
ReGeneration
Memories of India
Fabricated Memories
Bollywood Satirized
The Virtual Immigrant
Awards
2003: John Gutmann Fellowship, The San Francisco Foundation.
2007: MacColl Johnson Fellowship in Visual Arts.
2009: University of Rhode Island Center for the Humanities Visiting Scholar Grant for the visit of Hasan Elahi, Assistant Professor at the CADRE Laboratory for New Media School of Art and Design, San Jose State University.
2011: University of Rhode Island Center for the Humanities Sabbatical Fellowship for their project “Expanding Re-Generations.”
2012: Fulbright Fellowship.
2010: Rhode Island State Council of the Arts Fellowship.
American Institute of Indian Studies Creative Arts fellowship.
Artist in residence, Yaddo Colony, Saratoga Springs, NY and the MacDowell Colony, Peterborough, NH.
2013: Society of Photographic Educators (SPE) Future Focus Project support grant.
2013: University of Rhode Island Center for the Humanities Faculty Subvention Grant for their project “Re-Generations-An Open Wound.”
2015: Rhode Island State Council on the Arts Fellowship Merit Award in New Genres.
2015–2017: Recipient of the Silvia Chandley Professorship in Nonviolence and Peace
Selected exhibitions
Solo:
Generations, Royal Ontario Museum, Ontario, Canada (2015).
The Virtual Immigrant, Stockton College, Galloway, NJ (2009).
The Virtual Immigrant, Tasveer Gallery, Bangalore, India (2009).
The Virtual Immigrant, Institute of Contemporary Indian Art, Mumbai, India (2011).
The Virtual Immigrant, Tasveer Gallery, New Delhi, India (2011).
Re-Generations, Gallery Z20, Rome, Italy (2011).
Open Wound, University of Rhode Island, Kingston, RI (2014).
Between Cultures, Lycoming College, PA (2014).
Bollywood Satirized, Watson Center, Brown University, Providence RI (2014).
Memória, OÁ Galeria - Arte Contemporânea, Vittoria, Brazil (2014).
Group:
37 Still Lives, Design Gallery, National Institute of Design, Ahmedabad, India (2013).
40 Artists / 40 Years: Selections from the Light Work Collection, Light Work, Syracuse, Lubin House, NYC (2013).
A Photograph Is Not An Opinion, Jehangir Art Gallery, Mumbai (2013).
For Which It Stands, Lodge Gallery, New York, NY (2013).
Grace, Delhi Photo Festival 2013, India Habitat Center, New Delhi, India (2013).
Convergence: Contemporary Art from India and the Diaspora, The William Benton Museum of Art, University of Connecticut, Storrs, CT (2013).
Self, Model, and Self as Other, The Museum of Fine Art, Houston, TX (2013).
The First 15: Photography from the Meredith S. Moody Residency at Yaddo, Tang Teaching Museum, Saratoga Springs, NY (2013).
Home Truths: Motherhood, Photography and Loss, Foundling Museum, London, England (2013).
The Other and Me, Sharjah Art Museum, Sarjah, UAE (2014).
Conversation XVII: Photographic Memory, Spencer Art Museum, Lawrence, KS (2014).
Forty Years of Blue Sky, Portland Art Museum, Portland, OR (2014).
Postdate: Photography and Inherited History in India, San Jose Museum of Art, San Jose, CA (2015).
Beyond Bollywood Indian-Americans Shape the Nation, Smithsonian National Museum of Natural History, Washington DC (2015).
Postdate: Photography and Inherited History in India, Ulrich Museum of Art, Wichita, KS (2015).
Re Present: Photography from South Asia, Kamloops Art Gallery, Kamloops, British Columbia, Canada (2018).
References
External links
Jensen, Brooks. "Looking at Images". LensWork Publishing.
Light Work
Luminus-Lint Photography: History, Evolution, and Analysis
Piezography Editions In the Spotlight
Society for Photographic Education
Z2O Galleria
University of Rhode Island faculty
American women artists of Indian descent
Photographers from Worcestershire
American women photographers
1964 births
Living people
British emigrants to the United States
American women academics
21st-century American women
Gieboldehausen is a municipality in the district of Göttingen, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is situated on the river Rhume, approx. 25 km northeast of Göttingen, and 15 km south of Osterode am Harz. It is part of the Eichsfeld.
Gieboldehausen is also the seat of the Samtgemeinde ("collective municipality") Gieboldehausen.
References
Göttingen (district)
Vladimir Merinov is a Belarusian sprint canoeist who competed in the late 1990s. They won two medals in the C-4 200 m event at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a gold in 1997 and a silver in 1998.
References
Belarusian male canoeists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships medalists in Canadian
Kunzea parvifolia, commonly known as the violet kunzea, is a flowering plant in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae and is endemic to eastern Australia. It is a wiry shrub with small, narrow leaves and clusters of pink to purple flowers in spring.
Description
Kunzea parvifolia is a wiry shrub which usually grows to a height of with its young branches covered with soft hairs. The leaves are linear to narrow lance-shaped and more or less pressed against the stem. They are long, about wide with a petiole less than long and are covered with soft hairs when young. The flowers are arranged in clusters of mostly three to eight on the ends of the branches. The floral cup is long and more or less glabrous. There are egg-shaped bracts long, about wide and paired bracteoles at the base of the flowers. The sepal lobes are triangular to egg-shaped, about long and pointed. The petals are pink to mauve, rarely white, egg-shaped to almost round, about long and there 30 to 40 stamens which are long. The style is long. Flowering mostly occurs in October and November and the fruit are urn-shaped capsules which are about long and wide.
Taxonomy and naming
Kunzea parvifolia was first formally described in 1844 by Johannes Conrad Schauer and the description was published in Johann Lehmann's Plantae Preissianae. The specific epithet (parvifolia) is derived from the Latin words parvus meaning "small" and folium meaning "leaf".
Distribution and habitat
This kunzea grows in forest in heath and forest in eastern New South Wales south from Torrington and in Victoria, mainly in the north-east but with isolated locations further west.
References
parvifolia
Flora of New South Wales
Flora of Queensland
Flora of Victoria (Australia)
Myrtales of Australia
Plants described in 1844
South Hill is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Towns of Floyd and Western. Located in Oneida County, northwest of Holland Patent.
The summit is positioned inside the South Hill State Forest. The 622-acres forest was obtained by the state of New York in the 1950s for the purpose of reforestation, wildlife management, timber production, recreation and watershed protection.
References
Mountains of Oneida County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
Jaʿfarī jurisprudence (; also called Jafarite in English), Jaʿfarī school or Jaʿfarī fiqh, is the school of jurisprudence (fiqh) in Twelver and Ismaili (including Nizari) Shia Islam, named after the sixth Imam, Ja'far al-Sadiq. In Iran, Jaʽfari jurisprudence is enshrined in the constitution.
It differs from the predominant madhhabs of Sunni jurisprudence in its reliance on ijtihad, as well as on matters of inheritance, religious taxes, commerce, personal status, and the allowing of temporary marriage or mutʿa. Since 1959, Jaʿfari jurisprudence has been afforded the status of "fifth school" along with the four Sunni schools by Azhar University. In addition, it is one of the eight recognized madhhabs listed in the Amman Message of 2004 by the Jordanian monarch, and since endorsed by Sadiq al-Mahdi, former Prime Minister of Sudan.
Branches
Usuli
This school of thought utilizes ijtihad by adopting reasoned argumentation in finding the laws of Islam. Usulis emphasize the role of Mujtahid who was capable of independently interpreting the sacred sources as an intermediary of the Hidden Imamas and thus serve as a guide to the community. This meant that legal interpretations were kept flexible to take account of changing conditions and the dynamics of the times. This school of thought is predominant among most Shia.
Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini emphasized that Ja'fari jurisprudence is configured based on the recognition that epistemology is influenced by subjectivity. Accordingly, Ja'fari jurisprudence asserts Conventional Fiqh (objective) and Dynamic Fiqh (subjective). Through Dynamic Fiqh, discussed in the famous text by Javaher-al-Kalem (), one must consider the concept of time, era, and age () as well as the concept of place, location and venue () since these dimensions of thought and reality affect the process of interpreting, understanding and extracting meaning from the commandments.
Akhbari
This school of thought takes a restrictive approach to ijtihad. This school has almost died out now; very few followers are left. Some neo-Akhbaris have emerged in the Indian subcontinent, but they do not belong to the old Akhbari movement of Bahrain.
See also
Jafari (disambiguation)
Bada'
Many contemporary Twelvers are described as rejecting predestination. (Although some academics insist that Bada' is not rejection of predestination.) This belief is further emphasized by the Shia concept of Bada', which states that God has not set a definite course for human history. Instead, God may alter the course of human history as is seen to be fit.
Nikah Mut'ah
Nikah mutʿah ()," is a type of marriage used in Twelver Shia Islam, where the duration of the marriage and the dower must be specified and agreed upon in advance. It is a private contract made in a verbal or written format. A declaration of the intent to marry and an acceptance of the terms are required (as they are in nikah). Zaidi Shias, Ismaili Shias, and Sunni Muslims do not practice nikah mut'ah.
Taqiyah
In Shia Islam, taqiya ( /) is a form of religious veil, or a legal dispensation whereby a believing individual can deny their faith or commit otherwise illegal or blasphemous acts, specially while they are in fear or at risk of significant persecution. Once source for this understanding comes from al-Kafi.
This practice was emphasized in Shi'a Islam whereby adherents may conceal their religion when they are under threat, persecution, or compulsion.
Taqiyya was developed to protect Shi'as who were usually in minority and under pressure,
and Shia Muslims as the persecuted minority have taken recourse to dissimulation from the time of the mihna
(persecution) under Al-Ma'mun in the 9th century, while the politically dominant Sunnites rarely found it necessary to resort to dissimulation.
See also
Outline of Islam
Shia clergy
The four schools of Sunni jurisprudence
Hanafi
Hanbali
Maliki
Shafi'i
Notes
References
Sources
External links
"Jafari: Shii Legal Thought and Jurisprudence" from Oxford Islamic Studies Online
Ja'fari Fiqh
Ja'fari School
Some of Shi'a Islamic Laws books
Islamic Laws of G.A. Sayyid Abulqasim al-Khoei
Islamic Laws of G.A. Fazel Lankarani
Islamic Laws of G.A. Syed Ali al-Husaini Seestani
Towards an Understanding of the Shiite Authoritative Sources
Twelver Shi'ism
Nizari Ismailism
Madhhab
Dinther is a village in the Dutch province of North Brabant. It is located in the municipality of Bernheze.
Dinther was a separate municipality and town until 1969, when it merged with Heeswijk to form the new municipality of Heeswijk-Dinther.
Since the municipal merger, the two towns started to share a marketplace and center. Today the towns form the greater town of Heeswijk-Dinther.
Etymology
The settlement now known as Dinther initially appears as Dinthre in a document of 1139. The name has an Old Frankish origin and is a composition of the words "Dint" and "haar". "Dint" (or "dent") means "dent" or "dented" usually it implies a landscape with rolling heights. "Haar" is an old Dutch word for a long stretchted sand dune. There lies a long stretchted sand dune between the city of Berlicum and Veghel to the north of Dinther. It seems correct to translate Dinther as: "dented long stretchted sand dune" (source: "Grepen uit de geschiedenis van Dinther 1139–1989", J. van der Leest). The current landscape though is green and does not show any signs of dunes or sand.
History
In the early Middle Ages the first acres were cultivated out of fertile woodlands along the river "Aa". In the early Middle Ages Dinther was part of a free territory governed by the Lords of Dinther; as were the nearby towns of Heeswijk and Boxtel.
In 1196 half of this territory was granted in use by Knight Albert van Dinther to the Lord of Cuijk. The Lord of Cuijk granted the use to the Duke of Brabant. The Lords of Dinther probably resided in a stronghold on an artificial hill called "Ter Borch". This stronghold was most likely situated near the river Aa, to the south of Dinther.
In 1388 the other half of this territory was granted in use by "Willem van der Aa" to "Duchess Johanna van Brabant", which turned it into a part of the Duchy of Brabant. Dinther was part of the Meierij of 's-Hertogenbosch one of the four administrative parts of the Duchy of Brabant. In 1352 Dinther became an acknowledged town when "Jan van Benthem", Lord of Dinther, granted the inhabitants of the parish the use of the land. In the 14th century the residence of the Lords of Dinther moved from "Ter Borch" to the estate of "Ten Bogaerde". This was situated near the castle Avestein. Avestein was torn down in 1807.
After the end of the Protestant Reformation in 1648 Dinther became part of the States of Brabant for the "Meierij van 's-Hertogenbosch" became part of the States of Brabant. The Protestants repressed the catholic faith in Dinther until 1795. Repressing is a strong term. In reality a manner of coexisting between Catholics and Protestants was daily practice. The administrative and political power though remained in the hands of the Protestants.
In 1795 the French invaded the Dutch Republic and "freedom of faith" is restored in Dinther. In 1814 Dinther becomes a part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands
The village
Dinther has never been a significant town but was still a fairly large village. Dinther is situated next to a ford in the river Aa like Heeswijk and Veghel. The centre of Dinther is situated around the church. During the ages several houses or housing blocks have been added to the village. In essence the village is still a rural farm town. There is some industrial activity in an area called "Retsel".
Sights in Dinther
The Killdonk Mill . A rare water and wind mill combination. Restored in 2009.
Manor Zwanenburg; a fortified house from the Middle Ages (14th century).
The Saint Servatius church; a monument from 1877 restored in 2006.
The Protestant Church from 1843.
Landscape
The presence of the river Aa, subsidiaries as Leijgraaf and Oudebeek formed the landscape of Dinther; a typical river landscape. Since Dinther is situated in the Aa valley inundation was a fact of life for the early inhabitants. This caused a lot of damage to cattle and acres. The danger of inundation was removed when the river Aa was forced into a canal.
Places nearby
Heeswijk, Loosbroek, Veghel
References
Populated places in North Brabant
Former municipalities of North Brabant
Bernheze
is a Buddhist temple in Kamakura, Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan. Often called , or "bush-clover temple", because those flowers are numerous in its garden, its existence is directly linked to a famous tragedy that on July 4, 1333 wiped out almost the entire Hōjō clan, ruler of Japan for 135 years. The temple was founded expressly to enshrine the souls of the 870 members (men, women and children) of the clan who, in accordance with the samurai code of honor, committed suicide on that day at their family temple (bodaiji) of Tōshō-ji to escape defeat. Together with ancient Sugimoto-dera, Hōkai-ji is the only temple of the Tendai denomination in Kamakura. Formerly a of the great Kan'ei-ji (one of the two Tokugawa family temples), after its destruction it became a branch of Enryaku-ji.
History
The temple of Tōshō-ji was built in 1237 by Hōjō Yasutoki in memory of their mother and, according to the Taiheiki, from its foundation until the end of the Kamakura shogunate it was the Hōjō's funerary temple (bodaiji); every Hōjō regent had been buried there. The Taiheiki relates how on July 4, 1333, when the shogunate fell at the hands of Nitta Yoshisada, almost all members of the Hōjō clan in Kamakura barricaded themselves inside Tōshō-ji, set it on fire and killed themselves, leaving just a few survivors. Recent excavations in situ have revealed the basic structure of the temple, shards of Chinese pottery, and roof tiles bearing the Hōjō family crest. Stones and other surfaces altered by heat were found, which confirmed the presence of a fire.
Hōkai-ji
The man who would later become the first of the Ashikaga shōguns, Ashikaga Takauji, was given by Emperor Go-Daigo the order to build a new temple, today's Hōkai-ji, in a certain spot in Komachi, move there the remains of the clan and make it the new Hōjō funeral temple. (Tōshō-ji was rebuilt where it used to stand.) That particular area was chosen because it had been until 1333 the Hōjō clan's Komachi residence. Later, because the locals claimed that the neighborhood was still haunted by Hōjō ghosts, a shrine called Tokusō Gongen was erected within the temple to placate them. The shrine still stands next to Hōkai-ji's main hall.
The stele at the temple's entrance (see photo on the left) reads:
This is where the Komachi residence of the Hōjō clan used to stand. Starting from [second regent] Hōjō Yoshitoki, the regents usually lived here. [Last regent] Hōjō Takatoki would party here day and night and sometimes would, together with the other vassals, toss a dengaku performer a mountain of hitatare (a type of garment) and hakama as a reward. The mansion was destroyed by fire during Nitta Yoshisada's invasion of Kamakura in 1333. Today's Hōkai-ji was built here in 1335 by Ashikaga Takauji. This temple was built here as the Hōjō's funeral temple to soothe the resentment of Takatoki and their clan, who had previously been enshrined at Tōshō-ji.
After the failure of Emperor Go-Daigo's Kenmu Restoration and their consequent fall from power, Hōkai-ji came under the protection of Ashikaga Takauji himself. The temple's shichidō garan was finally completed around 1353. The temple was completely destroyed by fire in 1538. At the beginning of the Edo period, Tenkai, founder of Kan'ei-ji, asked shogun Tokugawa Ieyasu if the temple could be supported and maintained by the state.
Points of interest
The temple's Hon-dō is open to the public and contains many valuable objects. Among the others, it houses Hōkai-ji's main object of worship, a seated statue of Jizō Bosatsu carved in wood around 1365 by artist Sanjō Hōin Ken'en. The statue is a national Important Cultural Asset. On the two sides stand the statues of gods Bonten (Brahma) and Taishakuten (Indra), both made during the Nanboku-chō period and both prefectural Important Cultural Properties. There are also the statues of the Ten Deva Kings, of Enma, lord of the Beyond, and a sitting statue of the temple's founder Enkan. Finally, the Main Hall contains another national Important Cultural Property, a statue of Shokei, the second head priest of the temple, made in 1372.
To the right of the Main Hall stands the Kankiten-dō, a small structure enshrining , who is the Buddhist version of god Ganesh. The 152 cm statue inside the building, representing two elephant-headed human beings (a male and a female) embracing, represents him. Because of the statue's sexual connotations, the building however is, like most halls dedicated to this deity, closed to the public.
The shrine and the torii nearby constitute , founded to pacify the souls of the Hōjō. The building was rebuilt in 1992 and contains a statue of Hōjō Takatoki, the last regent and, following protocol, the last Hōjō to kill himself.
Next to the entrance stands the dedicated to Prince Shotoku, who adopted Buddhism as the official religion of Japan. On the doors is visible the chrysanthemum, symbol of the Imperial Household. Every year on January 22, carpenters, plasterers and blacksmiths gather together for the memorial service held in their honor. The prince was directly responsible for the construction of many temples, Hōryū-ji among the others.
See also
The Glossary of Japanese Buddhism for an explanation of terms concerning Japanese Buddhism, Japanese Buddhist art, and Japanese Buddhist temple architecture.
Notes
References
Pamphlet from Hōkai-ji, May 25, 2009
Kondō Takahiro, A Guide to Kamakura, Hokaiji accessed on May 26, 2009
Buddhist temples in Kamakura, Kanagawa
Tendai temples
The Journal of Human Capital is a quarterly peer reviewed academic journal published by the University of Chicago Press. It covers theoretical and empirical research on the role of human capital in economics. The editor-in-chief is Isaac Ehrlich (State University of New York at Buffalo). The journal is abstracted and indexed in the Social Sciences Citation Index and Current Contents/Social & Behavioral Sciences.
References
External links
Economics journals
University of Chicago Press academic journals
Quarterly journals
Publications established in 2007
English-language journals
Cade is an unincorporated community in Bryan County, Oklahoma, United States. It is in northeastern Bryan County and had a post office from April 1, 1903 until October 31, 1915. Cade was named after Cassius M. Cade, a territorial political leader. At the time of its founding Cade was located in Jackson County, Choctaw Nation.
References
Unincorporated communities in Bryan County, Oklahoma
Unincorporated communities in Oklahoma
Sorbus rupicola, known as rock whitebeam, is a rare shrub or small tree best known from the British Isles but also reported from Norway, Sweden and Russia.
Reaching heights of 10 m, it grows in rocky woodland, scrub and cliffs, usually on limestone.
The species reproduces apomictically (asexually via cloned seeds) and was presumably created by autopolyploidysation of the common whitebeam proper (Sorbus aria s.str.). It contains a tetraploidal set of chromosomes (2n=4x=68).
Sorbus rupicola is a member of Sorbus aria agg., which contains 20 subspecies. A key to this aggregate is given in Stace - though be warned Stace states "It is probably impossible to construct a reliable key to the agg."! Stace gives Sorbus rupicola the following characteristics:
Leaves unlobed or lobed ≤1/20 of the way to the midrib.
Leaves with a single style of teeth or, weakly, two styles of teeth.
Leaves with 6 to 9 (rarely 4 to 10) pairs of lateral veins.
Leaves mostly 1.6 to 2.4 times longer than wide.
Leaves mostly widest in that half of the leaf furthest from the stalk.
Leaves usually obtuse (rarely acute) at apex.
Leaves have dense white hairs on lower surface.
Fruits 10-15mm across, warty.
References
Further reading
External links
Distribution map of S. rupicola. Naturhistoriska riksmuseet.
rupicola
Flora of Europe
The 1995–96 Sportstar YUBA League () was the 4th season of the YUBA League, the top-tier professional basketball league in Yugoslavia (later renamed to Serbia and Montenegro).
Regular season
Group One
Group Two
Group Three
Group Four
Second stage
Results from the regular season were transcluded.
Championship League
Consolation League
Playoffs
Finals
Source
|}
Clubs in European competitions
See also
1995–96 ACB season
1995–96 Slovenian Basketball League
References
1995–96 in Yugoslav basketball
YUBA
Thomas Coulson may refer to:
Thomas Coulson (rugby union) (1898–1948), English rugby union player
Thomas Coulson (MP) (1645–1713), English politician
François-Pierre Cherrier (September 3, 1717 – July 21, 1793) was a French-born merchant and notary in Lower Canada.
They were born in Savigné-l'Évêque in Sarthe, the son of François Cherrier and Périnne Isambart, and came to Saint-Antoine-de-Longueuil in New France, where their uncle was parish priest, in 1736. Cherrier opened a store there and became notary for the seigneury in 1738. They married Marie Dubuc in 1743. In 1750, Cherrier was named royal notary for the parish of Longueuil. After the conquest by the British, Cherrier's commission as a notary was renewed but their finances suffered as the result of the conversion of the currency. In 1765, they moved to Montreal in the hope of better prospects but returned to Longueuil two years later. In 1770, they moved to Saint-Denis where their son François was parish priest. Cherrier continued to practise as a notary there until 1789 and died in Saint-Denis at the age of 75.
Their sons Benjamin-Hyacinthe-Martin and Séraphin and their grandson Côme-Séraphin served in the assembly. Their daughter Périne-Charles married Denis Viger and was the mother of Denis-Benjamin Viger; their daughter Rosalie married Joseph Papineau and was the mother of Louis-Joseph Papineau.
References
1717 births
1793 deaths
People from Sarthe
Pre-Confederation Canadian businesspeople
French emigrants to pre-Confederation Quebec
Immigrants to New France
The 2018–19 Washington State Cougars women's basketball team represents Washington State University during the 2018–19 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Cougars, led by first year head coach Kamie Ethridge, play their home games at the Beasley Coliseum and were members of the Pac-12 Conference. They finished the season 9–21, 4–14 in the Pac-12 to finish in tenth place. They lost in the first round of the Pac-12 Women's Tournament to California.
Roster
Schedule
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Exhibition
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Non-conference regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Pac-12 regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Pac-12 Women's Tournament
Rankings
2018–19 NCAA Division I women's basketball rankings
See also
2018–19 Washington State Cougars men's basketball team
References
Washington State Cougars women's basketball seasons
Washington State
Washington State
Washington State
The Vladimir is a left tributary of the river Gilort in Romania. It flows into the Gilort in Andreești. Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Gorj County
Giuseppe Sabadini (; born 26 March 1949) is an Italian football coach and a former player, who played as a defender.
Club career
Sabadini played 18 seasons (393 games, 17 goals) in the Serie A for U.C. Sampdoria, A.C. Milan, F.C. Catanzaro, Calcio Catania and Ascoli Calcio 1898.
International career
At international level, Sabadini earned four caps for the Italian national team, and was included in the Italian squad for the 1974 FIFA World Cup, but didn't feature in any matches at the tournament.
Honours
Club
Milan
Coppa Italia winner: 1971–72, 1972–73, 1976–77.
UEFA Cup Winners' Cup winner: 1972–73.
References
External links
1949 births
1974 FIFA World Cup players
Italian footballers
Italy international footballers
Living people
Serie A players
U.C. Sampdoria players
A.C. Milan players
U.S. Catanzaro 1929 players
Catania S.S.D. players
Ascoli Calcio 1898 F.C. players
Italian football managers
Venezia F.C. managers
U.S. Alessandria Calcio 1912 managers
A.C.R. Messina managers
U.S. Catanzaro 1929 managers
Association football midfielders
U.S. Castrovillari Calcio managers
District 55 of the Oregon House of Representatives is one of 60 House legislative districts in the state of Oregon. As of 2013, the boundary for the district includes all of Crook County and portions of Deschutes, Jackson, Klamath, and Lake counties. The current representative for the district is Republican Mike McLane of Powell Butte.
Election results
District boundaries have changed over time; therefore, representatives before 2013 may not represent the same constituency as today. General election results from 2000 to present are as follows:
See also
Oregon Legislative Assembly
Oregon House of Representatives
References
External links
Oregon House of Representatives Official site
Oregon Secretary of State: Redistricting Reform Task Force
Oregon House of Representatives districts
Crook County, Oregon
Deschutes County, Oregon
Jackson County, Oregon
Klamath County, Oregon
Lake County, Oregon
Serra de Sant Pere (Saint Peter's Range) (, ) or Serra del Solà is a long mountain range in the Baix Maestrat comarca, Valencian Community, Spain. Its highest point is Tossal de Sant Pere (541 m). The slopes are covered in low Mediterranean vegetation
Location
This moderately high mountain chain rises west of Traiguera and east of Canet lo Roig, in the transitional zone between the Mediterranean and the continental climate. It is part of the transitional area between the Iberian System and the Mediterranean System of mountains. Unlike the nearby Cervera Mountains, the summits are rarely covered in snow in the winter.
There is a ruined church building formerly dedicated to Saint Peter the Apostle close to the top of the highest peak, as well as a cave with steps. Ancient Iberian remains and steles have been found in the lower slopes of the western side of the range.
Hiking paths are well marked and there is a triangulation pillar as well as a disused, rusting antenna on the highest summit.
See also
Maestrat/Maestrazgo
Mountains of the Valencian Community
References
External links
El País Valencià poble a poble; comarca a comarca - El Baix Maestrat
José Quereda Sala, Les Moles de Xert,; Análisis Geomorfológico
El nom de Canet
Toll Negre - Flora
Ramaderia
Sant Pere
Baix Maestrat
Sant Pere
The McLaren M22 is an open-wheel race car, designed and developed by McLaren, to compete in Formula 5000 racing in 1972. Like it predecessors, The McLaren M22 was manufactured in large numbers. Built close to the weight limit, it was very light and was powered by a 500+ hp Chevrolet V8 engine. The cars were not actually manufactured by McLaren itself, but by the British racing car manufacturer Trojan, as with previous models. This would turn out to be the last Trojan-built McLaren F5000 car.
References
McLaren racing cars
Formula 5000 cars
Ieldraan is an extinct genus of marine crocodyliform in the family Metriorhynchidae from the Jurassic (Callovian) period of England. The sole species in the genus is Ieldraan melkshanensis.
References
Late Jurassic crocodylomorphs of Europe
Middle Jurassic crocodylomorphs
Fossil taxa described in 2017
Prehistoric pseudosuchian genera
Prehistoric marine crocodylomorphs
Middle Jurassic genus first appearances
Thalattosuchians
Oxford Clay
Prodromos (Greek for "forerunner") may refer to:
a title of John the Baptist
Prodromoi, a light cavalry unit in Ancient Greece
Prodromos, Paros
Prodromos, Cyprus
Prodromos (neighborhood in Larnaca), Cyprus
Prodromus, a preliminary publication
Prodromos, Mount Athos, an Athonite skete belonging to the Great Lavra Monastery
Prodromos Monastery, in Arcadia
Notable people
Theodore Prodromos ( 1100 – c. 1168), Byzantine writer
Prodromos Bodosakis-Athanasiadis (1890–1979), Greek business person
Prodromos Dreliozis (born 1975), Greek basketball player
Prodromos Kathiniotis, Greek television celebrity and singer
Prodromos Meravidis (1910–1981), Greek film director
Prodromos Nikolaidis (born 1978), Greek-Cypriot basketball player
Prodromos Tsaousakis (1919–1979), Greek singer, songwriter, and composer
See also
Prodromou, a related surname
Norman Brown may refer to:
W. Norman Brown (1892–1975), Indologist and Sanskritist
Norman O. Brown (1913–2002), American philosopher and sociologist
Norman E. Brown (1890–1958), sports editor of the Central Press Association
Norman John Brown, 1985 recipient of the David Richardson Medal
Norman Brown (cricketer) (1889–1962), Australian cricketer
Norman Brown (curler) (born 1961), Scottish curler
Norman Brown (footballer) (1885–1938), English footballer
Norman Brown (guitarist) (born 1970), American jazz guitarist
Norm Brown (born 1943), Australian rules footballer
Norm Brown (baseball) (1919–1995), American baseball player
Norman Brown (motorcyclist) (1960–1983), Northern Irish motorcycle road racer
Norman Cole Brown (1901–1996), founder of the Anchorage Daily News
Norman K. Brown (born 1936), American man who has worked on seven consecutive United States Censuses
Tejendraprasad Pande, formally known by their full title as Sanatan Dharma Dhurandar Acharya Maharaj Shree 1008 Tejendraprasadji Maharaj was appointed acharya of the Narnarayan Dev gadi (Ahmedabad) of the Swaminarayan Sampraday, a Hindu sect, by their father, the previous acharya, Devendraprasad, and was enthroned on 13 October 1969.
Biography
They took up the responsibilities of the Swaminarayan Sampraday on the orders of Acharya Devendraprasadji from the age of 14 years. Accompanied by learned people, they travelled to East Africa to nurture the Satsang there. They studied English and other subjects at St. Xavier's High School
and St Xavier's College in Ahmedabad. In over 30 years of service to the Sampraday, their accomplishments are very numerous. The following is but a summary of the facts detailed in 'Dharma Setu', their biography produced in 1994 during the Silver Jubilee & Golden Jubilee Festival.
They still remain a popular public figure even after retirement. In November 2008, they were invited to release a portfolio of paintings of Shrinathji by the Archer foundation.
Schools founded
Shree Sahajanand Arts & Commerce College
Shree Swaminarayan Vidyaalay (Boarding), Bhuj
Shree Sahajanand Elementary School
Shree Sahajanand Primary School
Shree Sahajanand High School
Shree Sahajanand Multi-Course Academy
Shree Sahajanand Vaanijay Mahavidyaalay (Commerce College)
Gurukuls in: Asaarva, Abu, Jhilvana, Gandhidham, Kalol, Jetalpur, Kanbha, Koteshwar, Mandvi, Chiloda, Idar, Rampur, Saayla, Siddhpur Maninagar.
PUNA Gurukul, Zundal, Ahmedabad
NarNarayan Dev Yuvak Mandal (NNDYM)
They established branches of the NNDYM all over the Northern Zone, along with the then Lalji Maharajshri (Acharya-Designate) Koshalendraprasadji. The organization's membership exceeds tens of thousands of youth, from all backgrounds - students, professionals, businesspersons and others. Its activities include tree planting, blood donation camps, religious camps, conferences, seminars, workshops, and many other socially useful activities.
International Swaminarayan Satsang Organisation
They established the International Swaminarayan Satsang Organisation (ISSO) on Vijayadashami, 1978 in the United States. It is particularly active there and in the United Kingdom, with regular camps and conferences for young people.
Swaminarayan's bicentennial celebrations
1981 saw commemorations of the sect's founder's bi-centennial birthday. The largest of these were at Ahmedabad, Bhuj and Muli. Brahmaleen Shree Dongreji Maharaj recited the Bhagwat Katha at the Ahmedabad festival where hundreds of thousands of devotees gathered. A few days later, they travelled to Kutch and presided over the festival in Bhuj. This was followed by another event at Muli.
Retirement
When Tejendraprasad retired in 2004, their son Koshalendraprasadji was enthroned as the acharya. Tejendraprasad remained active as a leader of the Swaminarayan Sampraday.
See also
Swaminarayan Sampraday
NarNarayan Dev Gadi
Acharya Maharajshree Koshalendraprasad Pande
Notes
References
Dharmakul
Swaminarayan Sampradaya
Acharyas
20th-century Hindu religious leaders
21st-century Hindu religious leaders
Living people
1944 births
Kessleria alternans is a moth of the family Yponomeutidae. It is found in France, Switzerland and Italy. It has also been recorded from the Caucasus.
The length of the forewings is 8-9.2 mm for males and 6.7-8.1 mm for females. The forewings are grey. The hindwings are light grey. Adults have been recorded from mid to the end of July.
The larvae feed on Saxifraga oppositifolia and Saxifraga paniculata. They create a spinning from which feeding takes place. The larvae have a brownish green body and light brown head.
References
Moths described in 1871
Yponomeutidae
Moths of Europe
Scorcher may refer to:
Georgia Scorcher, a roller coaster at Six Flags Over Georgia
HMS Scorcher (P258), a decommissioned S class submarine of the Royal Navy
Perth Scorchers, an Australian men's cricket team
Perth Scorchers (WBBL), an Australian women's cricket team
Scorcher: The Dirty Politics of Climate Change, a 2007 book by Clive Hamilton
Scorcher, a record label run by Jamaican deejay Errol Scorcher
Scorcher, a fictional movie franchise referenced in the 2008 movie Tropic Thunder
Scorcher (comics), the name of a Marvel Comics supervillain
Scorcher (film), a 2002 science fiction disaster film
Scorcher (magazine), a football-themed British comic magazine
Scorcher (rapper), a grime artist from London, who has collaborated with Wiley, S.A.Q and Wretch 32
Scorcher (video game), a futuristic racing video game by now-defunct developer Zyrinx
Scorchers (women's cricket), an Irish women's cricket team
Scorchers, the 1991 film
See also
Scorch (disambiguation)
Scorched (disambiguation)
Erigeron geiseri is a North American species of flowering plants in the family Asteraceae known by the common name Geiser's fleabane.
Erigeron geiseri has been found only in the southern part of the Great Plains of the United States, in the states of Oklahoma and Texas. It grows on prairies, fields, fencerows and roadsides.
Erigeron geiseri grows up to 40 cm (16 inches) tall, and produces a slender taproot. The plant sometimes produces as many as 20 flower heads per stem, each head containing golden yellow disc florets surrounded by as many as 70 white ray florets.
References
External links
geiseri
Flora of Texas
Flora of Oklahoma
Plants described in 1947
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Perkins, Fellows & Hamilton Office and Studio is a brick and stone building located along the Magnificent Mile in the Near North Side community area of Chicago, Illinois. It was named a Chicago Landmark on December 1, 1993.
Notes
Chicago Landmarks
Commercial buildings completed in 1917
Knokke-Zoute Airfield is a former airfield, located 5 km east of Knokke-Heist in West Flanders, Belgium. It was closed in 1960 and is now in agricultural use.
History
Originally constructed in 1929 between Knokke and the Zwin natural reserve. Initially serving civilian aviation, both by private pilots and airlines such as Sabena, it became a Belgian Air Force field by the late 1930s. At the outbreak of the German invasion of Belgium in May 1940, it was home to 6e Escadrille (Squadron) of 3rd Group flying Fairey Foxes tasked with firing exercises over the North Sea. The squadron was evacuated prior to the airfield being attacked by the German Luftwaffe on 10 May. The Belgian Air Force ordered the field destroyed before it was seized by the German Army on 18 May.
During the German occupation of Belgium it was used for the training of Anti-Aircraft FLAK units and aircraft hangars were constructed, however it was not used as a Luftwaffe airfield. It was attacked by the Royal Air Force in 1942, and in 1944 the airfield was ordered destroyed by the Germans. Trenches were dug to destroy the runways and the area was mined.
The area was liberated by Canadian Army forces in October 1944 and aviation engineers de-mined and constructed twin temporary runways on the airfield. It was designated Advanced Landing Ground B-83; it is not known which Allied units were stationed at the airfield.
After May 1945, it was abandoned by the military and turned over to the Belgian Government. It reverted to civilian use until 1960 when the facility was closed. The former airfield/airport has been dismantled and is now used for agriculture.
References
Knokke-'t Zwin Airfield
Johnson, David C. (1988), U.S. Army Air Forces Continental Airfields (ETO), D-Day to V-E Day; Research Division, USAF Historical Research Center, Maxwell AFB, Alabama.
External links
Charts and photographs
Airports in West Flanders
1929 establishments in Belgium
1960 disestablishments in Belgium
Airports established in 1929
Belgian airbases
Defunct airports in Belgium
World War II airfields in Belgium
Knokke-Heist
de:Knokke-Heist#Flugplatz Knokke-Le Zoute
A scorotron (from screen controlled corona), also called a corona grid, is a device which creates corona discharge current, used in xerography. Scorotrons appear in photocopiers, in xeroradiography equipment, and similar applications.
References
Radiography
Maadi Veettu Mappillai () is a 1967 Indian Tamil-language comedy film, directed by S. K. A. Chari. A remake of the Telugu film Illarikam (1959), it stars Ravichandran and Jayalalithaa, with Nagesh, Rama Prabha, V. K. Ramasamy, Balaji, Major Sundarrajan, T. S. Muthaiah, Udaya Chandrika and P. K. Saraswathy in supporting roles. The film was released on 23 June 1967.
Plot
Somu studies with the help of their maternal uncle Dharmalingam. They fall in love with the daughter of a Sivagnanam i.e. Meena. They get married to them and stays in their house as Veettu Mappilai. Sivagnanam's wife does not like this and insults them indirectly. Them cousin plots to usurp the wealth, by their son Balu who secretly married Seetha. Somu spots Seetha, their presumed to be dead sister while they were performing on stage. Not knowing they are siblings, Meena suspects Somu's fidelity. Balu and their father creates problems between Somu and Meena. How Somu solves all the problems and paves way for a happy family reunion forms the rest of the film.
Cast
Ravichandran as Somu
Jayalalithaa as Meena
Nagesh as Shankaran
Rama Prabha as Gowri
V. K. Ramasamy as Dharmalingam
Balaji as Balu
Major Sundarrajan as Sivagnanam
T. S. Muthaiah as Sadatcharam
Udaya Chandrika as Seetha
P. K. Saraswathy as Nagamma
Soundtrack
The music was composed by T. Chalapathi Rao.
Release and reception
Maadi Veettu Mappilai was released on 23 June 1967, and distributed by Sri Vinayaka Movies. Kalki noted that the film's various flaws were eclipsed by its comedy.
References
Bibliography
External links
1960s Tamil-language films
1966 comedy films
1967 films
Films scored by T. Chalapathi Rao
Indian black-and-white films
Indian comedy films
Tamil remakes of Telugu films
Ramphocaenus is a genus of passerine bird from South America.
Species
Ramphocaenus contains the following species:
Chattering gnatwren (Ramphocaenus sticturus)
Trilling gnatwren (Ramphocaenus melanurus)
References
Bird genera
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Alimpești is a commune in Gorj County, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Alimpești, Ciupercenii de Olteț, Corșoru, Nistorești and Sârbești.
References
Communes in Gorj County
The 2021–22 SPHL season was the 18th season of the Southern Professional Hockey League (SPHL). The playoffs concluded on May 3, 2022 with the Peoria Rivermen defeating the Roanoke Rail Yard Dawgs in 4 games in the President's Cup Finals, claiming their first President's Cup.
League business
After playing a shortened 2020–21 season with only five teams, the league returned with all ten clubs from the 2019–20 season and added an expansion team, the Vermilion County Bobcats.
Regular season
Standings
As of April 10, 2022.
indicates team has clinched William B. Coffey Trophy (regular season champion) and a playoff spot
indicates team has clinched a playoff spot
indicates team has been eliminated from playoff contention
Statistical leaders
Leading skaters
The following players are sorted by points, then goals. Updated as of April 10, 2022.
GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalty minutes
Leading goaltenders
The following goaltenders with a minimum 660 minutes played lead the league in goals against average. Updated as of April 10, 2022.
GP = Games played; TOI = Time on ice (in minutes); SA = Shots against; GA = Goals against; SO = Shutouts; GAA = Goals against average; SV% = Save percentage; W = Wins; L = Losses; OT = Overtime/shootout loss
Postseason
For 2022, the format returned to the top eight teams at the end of the regular season qualifying for the playoffs.
Playoff bracket
Quarterfinals
(1) Knoxville Ice Bears vs. (8) Roanoke Rail Yard Dawgs
(2) Huntsville Havoc vs. (7) Evansville Thunderbolts
(3) Peoria Rivermen vs. (6) Pensacola Ice Flyer
(4) Fayetteville Marksmen vs. (5) Quad City Storm
Semifinals
(2) Huntsville Havoc vs. (8) Roanoke Rail Yard Dawgs
(3) Peoria Rivermen vs. (5) Quad City Storm
President's Cup Final
(3) Peoria Rivermen vs. (8) Roanoke Rail Yard Dawgs
Statistical leaders
Skaters
The following players are sorted by points, then goals. Updated as of May 3, 2022.
GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalty minutes
Goaltenders
The following goaltenders with a minimum 350 minutes played lead the playoffs in goals against average. Updated as of May 3, 2022.
GP = Games played; TOI = Time on ice (in minutes); SA = Shots against; GA = Goals against; SO = Shutouts; GAA = Goals against average; SV% = Save percentage; W = Wins; L = Losses; OT = Overtime/shootout loss
Awards
All-SPHL selections
Milestones and records
On January 22, 2022 – The Pensacola Ice Flyers defeat the Macon Mayhem 13–4 (record for most goals by one team)
References
External links
Southern Professional Hockey League website
Southern Professional Hockey League seasons
SPHL
CKCK-DT (channel 2) is a television station in Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada, part of the CTV Television Network. Owned and operated by network parent Bell Media, the station maintains studios and transmitter facilities on Eastgate Drive and Highway 1, just east of Regina proper.
History
CKCK first signed on the air on July 28, 1954, as the first privately owned television station in Western Canada. It was originally owned by the Sifton family, which also owned the Regina Leader-Post and CKCK radio. It was originally a CBC Television affiliate. Shortly after signing on, it took a secondary affiliation with American broadcast network CBS. In 1962, as part of a deal that allowed CTV to come to Saskatchewan, CKCK opened a rebroadcaster in Moose Jaw. In return, Moose Jaw's original station, CHAB-TV, switched to CTV and opened a semi-satellite in Regina, CHRE-TV.
The station swapped affiliations with CHAB/CHRE and joined CTV when the latter stations were purchased by the CBC. As a result of this deal, CHRE changed its call letters to CBKRT and became the main station; it is now CBKT.
In 1977, CKCK was sold to Harvard Developments, owned by Regina's Hill family. In 1985, Baton Broadcasting acquired a 90 percent stake in the station (the remaining 10 percent would soon follow), bringing it under common ownership with CTV's other Saskatchewan affiliates—CFQC in Saskatoon, CICC in Yorkton, and CIPA in Prince Albert. In 1987, these stations and Baton's two privately owned CBC affiliates in Saskatchewan, CKOS in Yorkton and CKBI in Prince Albert, began branding as the "Saskatchewan Television Network," which linked up with Baton's Ontario stations as the Baton Broadcast System in 1994.
Following Baton's acquisition of CTV in 1997, CKCK became a CTV owned-and-operated station. Local programming today is limited primarily to the station's popular newscasts.
From the 1970s through the late 1980s, CKCK branded itself as "CKTV", but its official call letters remained CKCK-TV. During this period, though, the station did acquire the CKTV calls for its Fort Qu'Appelle retransmitter. That station is now CKCK-TV-7; "CKTV" is currently used the call sign for a Radio-Canada owned-and-operated station in Saguenay, Quebec. Nevertheless, while the station identifies itself only as CTV, many people in southern Saskatchewan still call the station "CKTV" or "CK".
In December 2008, CTVglobemedia applied to the CRTC to operate an HD feed of CKCK-TV, which would be delivered as a "satellite-to-cable" feed. The move would allow CKCK to operate an HD signal which could be substituted in place of American HD signals on local cable services, without actually operating an over-the-air digital television transmitter.
As with its Saskatoon sister station, CKCK's programming is aired in pattern with that of Winnipeg sister station CKY-DT, with prime time programming running from 7:00 p.m. to 10:00 p.m. simultaneously with East Coast stations, and CTV's 7:00 p.m. ET programming bumped to 10:00 p.m. However, as Saskatchewan does not observe daylight saving time and remains on Central Standard Time year-round, programming is delayed by an hour in comparison to CKY when DST is in effect. In March, the station also broadcasts the annual Telemiracle telethon (which alternates between Regina and Saskatoon on a yearly cycle), supporting the Kinsmen and Kinettes of Saskatchewan. The event is simulcast by all CTV stations in Saskatchewan.
News operation
CKCK-DT presently broadcasts 34½ hours of locally produced newscasts each week (with 6½ hours each weekday and one hour each on Saturdays and Sundays).
On October 31, 2011, CKCK debuted a three-hour morning newscast under the title CTV Morning Live, which airs on weekdays 6–9 a.m.; other morning newscasts under the CTV Morning Live banner were launched on other CTV owned-and-operated stations across western and central Canada as part of a benefits package that was included as a condition of the sale of the CTV network to Bell Canada.
On July 28, 2014, CKCK began producing newscasts in high definition, and introduced a new studio as part of the migration.
CKCK's newscasts are also broadcast by CICC-TV in Yorkton, since that station does not broadcast a local 6:00 or 11:30 p.m. newscast. As a result, CKCK's program regularly includes reports from Yorkton.
Technical information
Subchannel
Analogue-to-digital conversion
On August 31, 2011, when Canadian television stations in CRTC-designated mandatory markets transitioned from analogue to digital broadcasts, CKCK flash cut its digital signal into operation on VHF channel 8 at 12:05 a.m. Through the use of PSIP, digital television receivers will display CKCK-DT's virtual channel as 2.1. The station's high definition feed began to be carried on Bell Satellite TV channel 1106 on September 12, 2011.
Former transmitters
On February 11, 2016, Bell Media applied for its regular license renewals, which included applications to delete a long list of transmitters, including CKCK-TV-1, CKCK-TV-2, CKCK-TV-7 and CKMC-TV-1. Bell Media's rationale for deleting these analog repeaters is below:
"We are electing to delete these analog transmitters from the main licence with which they are associated. These analog transmitters generate no incremental revenue, attract little to no viewership given the growth of BDU or DTH subscriptions and are costly to maintain, repair or replace. In addition, none of the highlighted transmitters offer any programming that differs from the main channels. The Commission has determined that broadcasters may elect to shut down transmitters but will lose certain regulatory privileges (distribution on the basic service, the ability to request simultaneous substitution) as noted in Broadcasting Regulatory Policy CRTC 2015–24, Over-the-air transmission of television signals and local programming. We are fully aware of the loss of these regulatory privileges as a result of any transmitter shutdown."
The licence for those transmitters expired in August 2017, and were subsequently shut down.
At the same time, Bell Media applied to convert the licenses of CTV Two Atlantic (formerly ASN) and CTV Two Alberta (formerly ACCESS) from satellite-to-cable undertakings into television stations without transmitters (similar to cable-only network affiliates in the United States), and to reduce the level of educational content on CTV Two Alberta. With the shutdown of CJFB-TV several years ago, Bell also asked for the change to the condition of license for its repeater in Swift Current, CKMC-TV that prevents it from soliciting advertising in that community, and that CJFB-TV may substitute commercials on it (which is irrelevant since the station is no longer in operation).
On July 30, 2019, Bell Media was granted permission to close down the transmitters for CKMC-TV and CKMJ-TV as part of Broadcasting Decision CRTC 2019-268. Both transmitters were scheduled to close down by February 26, 2021.
References
External links
CKCK-TV history – Canadian Communication Foundation
CTVglobemedia application to CRTC for direct-feed HD versions of selected stations, including CKCK Regina
KCK-DT
KCK-DT
Television channels and stations established in 1954
1954 establishments in Canada
Srinagar Hydro electric Power Project in, Srinagar, in Pauri Garhwal district, Uttarakhand, is a hydroelectric power plant built on Alaknanda River. The power plant is owned by Alaknanda Hydro Power Corporation Limited a GVK Group company. Bharat Heavy Electricals supplied the major equipments.
Power generation capacity
Its installed capacity is of 330 MW (4x82.5 MW).
References
Hydroelectric power stations in Uttarakhand
Pauri Garhwal district
2015 establishments in Uttarakhand
Energy infrastructure completed in 2015
Kolganov () is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Kolganova. It may refer to
Andrey Kolganov (born 1974), Kazakhstani fencer
Michael Kolganov (born 1974), Israeli sprint canoer
Mikhail Kolganov (athlete) (born 1980), Kazakhstani middle-distance runner
Russian-language surnames
is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Icchokusen Mōkon. It began serialization in Fusion Product's Comic Be magazine in 2012, and was collected in two tankōbon volumes. The series was renewed for serialization in the same magazine in 2014. A 12-episode anime television series adaptation animated by Pierrot+ aired from April 2 to June 18, 2018.
Plot
An unpopular pop idol and middle high school student Saki Uno discovers that their mother, Sayori, used to be a "magical girl", but, as a result of back problems, found it necessary to pass their position down to Saki. With the help of a Yakuza-like mascot character named Kokoro-chan, Saki is able to transform into "Magical Girl Ore" to fight the cute-faced demons who threaten to kidnap their crush, Mohiro. Unfortunately, their magical girl form is that of a large, healthy, athletic, muscular man in a small, cute, girlish uniform, which is causing endless embarrassment to Saki. The situation becomes even more complicated when Mohiro becomes attracted to Saki's manly "Ore" form, and Saki's idol partner Sakuyo reveals their own attraction to Saki.
Characters
/
The main protagonist of story and the singer of the pop idol duo "Magical Twin," which has yet to have any real success. They transform into "Magical Girl Ore" to save them crush Mohiro from being kidnapped by demons.
/
Saki's best friend and co-singer in Magical Twin. They also have the ability to transform into a Magical Girl to protect their crush, Saki. Them Magical Girl name is derived from . Them appearance and character are so similar to the brother's that their male form looks like a more developed Mohiro.
/
Saki's mother who is actually was a Magical Girl.
Popular idol singer and Sakuyo's brother who rarely seems to speak or emote outside of their concerts. It seems that they really are attracted to Saki's male form, which constantly confuses them
Co-star and singer in Mohiro's group.
The manager of Saki and Sakuyo, who reveals themselves to be an avid magical girl fan.
The magical fairy and "mascot character" to the Magical Girls, even though they look and speaks like a stereotypical Yakuza. They can appear almost anywhere to assist the Magical Girls, and provide them with different kinds of "magical" weaponry.
A self-proclaimed cyborg hero with a tragic backstory who is annoyed that Magical Girls don't have one. Their powers include "rapidly pedaling a bicycle" and "quickly changing clothes," along with a laser-firing belt that has no tangible effects. Fujimoto also claims to be from a poor family of similar cyborgs, and has met Saki's mother in Magical Girl form in the past.
Michiru Ogawa /
Anime-only Magical Girl, who sings in idol duo together with their partner Ruka.  They are a tsundere and often unsuccessfully trying to hide their true feelings, which only strengthens Ruka's attraction to them
Ruka Kiryu /
Voiced by: Yumi Uchiyama (before transformation, female), Tatsuhisa Suzuki (after transformation, male)
Anime-only Magical Girl, who is unambiguously in love with their partner Michiro from the idol duo, thanks to which they immediately becomes capable of transformation.
Anime-only Mascot, who admires Kokoro and will do anything to gain their attention.
Media
Anime
A 12-episode anime television series adaptation by Pierrot+ aired from April 2 to June 18, 2018. Crunchyroll co-produced the series and is streamed the anime worldwide, except in Japan and Greater China. The opening theme is "Noisy Love Power", performed by Ayaka Ōhashi and the ending theme is , performed by Star Prince, a group composed of the voice actors Toshiyuki Toyonaga and Kōji Yusa. Discotek Media will release the series on home video.
Episode list
Notes
References
External links
Anime series based on manga
Comedy anime and manga
Crunchyroll anime
Discotek Media
Japanese LGBT-related animated television series
Josei manga
Magical boy
Magical girl parodies
Studio Signpost
Transgender in anime and manga
Magical girl anime and manga
David Toshevski (; born 16 July 2001) is a Macedonian football player who plays as a striker for Russian club FC Rostov.
Club career
On 7 July 2020, they signed a five-year contract with Russian Premier League club FC Rostov. They made their debut in the Russian Premier League for Rostov on 15 August 2020 in a game against FC Zenit Saint Petersburg.
On 23 February 2021, they were loaned to Russian Premier League club FC Tambov until the end of the 2020–21 season.
On 31 August 2021, they moved to Polish club Górnik Zabrze on loan for the 2021–22 season, with an option to buy. On 18 February 2022, the loan was terminated early.
Loan at Zemplín Michalovce
On the next day, Toshevski joined Zemplín Michalovce in Slovakia on loan until the end of 2022.
They debuted for Zemplín on 19 February 2022 in an away fixture at pod Dubňom against Žilina. Toshevski came on in the second half to replace Dimitris Popovits with the final score already set at 2-0, following first professional goal by Mario Sauer and a second-half goal by Tomáš Nemčík. Toshevski was also booked with a yellow card after a foul against Ján Minárik in the 85th minute of the match.
References
External links
2001 births
Footballers from Skopje
Living people
Macedonian footballers
North Macedonia youth international footballers
North Macedonia under-21 international footballers
Association football forwards
FK Rabotnički players
FC Rostov players
FC Tambov players
Górnik Zabrze players
MFK Zemplín Michalovce players
Macedonian First Football League players
Russian Premier League players
Ekstraklasa players
III liga players
Slovak Super Liga players
Macedonian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Macedonian expatriate sportspeople in Russia
Expatriate footballers in Poland
Macedonian expatriate sportspeople in Poland
Expatriate footballers in Slovakia
Macedonian expatriate sportspeople in Slovakia
The Haus der Technik was an exhibition hall in Königsberg, Germany, now Kaliningrad, Russia.
Constructed from 1924 to 1925 by Hanns Hopp along Waldburgstraße / Wallring between Tragheim and Tragheimsdorf, the brick hall was used to display machinery as part of the Ostmesse trade fair. Its massive hall was larger in size than even the Muscovite Hall in Königsberg Castle. The Nazis renamed it the "Schlageterhaus", after Albert Leo Schlageter, from 1933 to 1945.
The hall's roof was destroyed during World War II. The building and its vicinity were acquired by an investment company in 2004 and have been converted to commercial use in Kaliningrad.
References
1925 establishments in Germany
1945 disestablishments in Germany
Buildings and structures in Kaliningrad
Convention centres in Germany
Former buildings and structures in Königsberg
Cultural heritage monuments of regional significance in Kaliningrad Oblast
Gifford Hill is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Western in Oneida County, south of Westernville.
References
Mountains of Oneida County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
The Ryukyu minivet (Pericrocotus tegimae) is a species of bird in the family Campephagidae.
It is endemic to Japan. The species was previously thought to be a subspecies of the ashy minivet. Its specific name is named for the Japanese naturalist Seiichi Tegima.
Distribution and habitat
The Ryukyu minivet was originally endemic to the Ryukyu Islands of Japan, but in the 1970s it spread to southern Kyushu and as of 2010 was found throughout that island and into Shikoku and western Honshu. It has been suggested that the species was able to spread due to declines in the related ashy minivet.
The species' natural habitat is evergreen and mixed deciduous forests. It will also use human-modified habitats, including cedar plantations and gardens. It ranges from sea-level to .
References
Pericrocotus
Endemic birds of Japan
Birds of the Ryukyu Islands
Birds described in 1887
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Hugh Ottaway (27 July 1925 – 6 November 1979) was a prominent British writer and lecturer on classical music.
Ottaway studied history at Exeter University (then the University of the South-West) from 1944. Their career began as a teacher, freelance writer and from the 1950s as a presenter of musical talks on BBC Radio. Their most significant contributions to music criticism were as a commentator on that portion of twentieth-century music which retained an allegiance to tonality; thus Nielsen, Shostakovich, Sibelius and William Walton featured largely in their output.
Ottaway was especially associated with British tonal composers such as Edmund Rubbra and Robert Simpson, and a staunch supporter of the politically active Alan Bush. But David Scott has pointed out that they "was not limited by a nationalist outlook. Their ability to view English composition in a broader context also made their reviews valuable".
They died in Malvern, aged 54. An archive of their papers is held at the Bodleian Library in Oxford.
Books
Vaughan Williams (Novello Short Biographies; 1966)
‘Carl Nielsen', ‘Prospect and Perspective', chapter in Robert Simpson (ed). The Symphony, Vol.2 (1967, revs. 1972), pp. 268–77
‘The Enlightenment and the Revolution', chapter in A. Robertson, D Stevens (ed.) The Pelican History of Music, 1968), pp. 11–96
Sibelius (Novello Short Biographies; 1968)
Vaughan Williams Symphonies (BBC Music Guides series; 1972 [reprinted 1977, 1980 and 1987]) .
William Walton (Novello Short Biographies; 1972, revised 1977)
Shostakovich Symphonies (BBC Music Guides, No 39; 1978)
Mozart (1979)
Edmund Rubbra, an appreciation: Together with a complete catalogue of compositions to May 1981 (Lengnick; 1981)
Articles
‘The Piano Music of John Ireland', Monthly Musical Record 84 (1954), pp. 258–66
'Nielsen's Sixth Symphony'; The Musical Times, Vol. 95, No. 1337 (Jul., 1954), pp. 362–363
‘Vaughan Williams's Eighth Symphony', Music & Letters 38 (1957), pp. 213–25
'Clues and Keys' - Hugh Ottaway on the music of Robert Simpson'; The Listener, 21 May 1970
‘Rubbra's Symphonies', Musical Times 112 (1971), pp. 430–32, 549–52
Review: 'Simpson's New Symphonies'; Tempo'' (New Ser.), No. 105 (Jun., 1973), pp. 53–54
References
1925 births
1979 deaths
People educated at the Royal Grammar School Worcester
20th-century classical musicians
20th-century English composers
Swann Oberson (born 26 July 1986, Geneva) is a Swiss open-water swimmer. In the 2008 Summer Olympics they finished sixth in the 10 km marathon swimming event. At the 2011 World Aquatics Championships they received gold in open water swimming – Women's 5 km. They competed for Switzerland at the 2012 Summer Olympics, again in the 10 km marathon, finishing in 18th place.
References
External links
Official site of Swann Oberson
1986 births
Living people
Swiss female long-distance swimmers
Swimmers at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Swimmers at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Olympic swimmers of Switzerland
World Aquatics Championships medalists in open water swimming
Sportspeople from Geneva
Johnny Sanders (July 22, 1922October 26, 1990) was an American professional football executive in the National Football League (NFL). They were the general manager of the San Diego Chargers for 11 seasons from 1976 until 1986, developing them into a Super Bowl contender. They were named the NFL executive of the year by Sporting News in 1979.
Early life
Sanders was born in San Antonio, Texas, and played football at Van Nuys High School in Los Angeles. They played college football as a halfback at Occidental College. Sanders was a starter on their 1948 squad that went 9–0 and defeated Colorado A&M in the Raisin Bowl.
Professional career
Sanders joined the Los Angeles Rams as a part-time scout in 1952, and was named director of player personnel in 1964. They became their assistant general manager in 1969, while also continuing as the team's chief scout.
Sanders joined the San Diego Chargers in 1975 as owner Gene Klein's assistant for player personnel. Klein promoted them to general manager in 1976 to replace the fired Harland Svare. Sanders was named the Sporting News NFL Executive of the Year in 1979. They helped assemble Chargers teams, led by coach Don Coryell and their record-setting Air Coryell pass offense, which twice advanced to American Football Conference (AFC) championship games, falling short of the Super Bowl both times in 1980 and 1981. Under Sanders as the general manager, the Chargers won three straight AFC West division titles (1979–1981) and qualified for the NFL playoffs four times. They rarely spoke publicly while working under Klein, who generally spoke for Chargers' management.
Sanders' notable draft picks included Gary Anderson, James Brooks, Gill Byrd, John Jefferson, Jim Lachey, Leslie O'Neal, Ralf Mojsiejenko, Billy Ray Smith, Lee Williams and Kellen Winslow. Other players they acquired include Rolf Benirschke, Charlie Joiner, Chuck Muncie and Wes Chandler. After a 4–12 season in 1986, new Chargers owner Alex Spanos demoted Sanders. The team had not had a winning record since 1982. In their final year with San Diego in 1987, Sanders was the assistant director of football operations.
After leaving the Chargers, Sanders was unsuccessful in bringing an Arena Football League team to San Diego. They were later an administrative consultant for the San Diego Gulls, who were a first-year franchise in the International Hockey League in 1990.
Personal life
Sanders died of apparent heart failure on October 26, 1990, at Grossmont Hospital in La Mesa, California. They were 68.
References
External links
Football executive record at pro-football-reference.com
1922 births
1990 deaths
Occidental Tigers football players
Los Angeles Rams executives
San Diego Chargers executives
Players of American football from Los Angeles
Players of American football from San Antonio
Jörg Lipinski (born 31 October 1967) is a retired German football midfielder.
References
1967 births
Living people
German footballers
SC Westfalia Herne players
ASC Schöppingen players
Rot-Weiss Essen players
SC Fortuna Köln players
Rot-Weiß Oberhausen players
1. FC Kleve players
TuRU Düsseldorf players
2. Bundesliga players
Association football midfielders
People from Herne, North Rhine-Westphalia
Sportspeople from Arnsberg (region)
Footballers from North Rhine-Westphalia
Elizabeth Urey Baranger (née Gertrude Bessie Urey; September 18, 1927 – May 30, 2019) was an American physicist and academic administrator at the University of Pittsburgh. Them research concerned shell model calculations in nuclear physics.
Early life and education
Gertrude Bessie Urey was born on September 18, 1927, in Baltimore, but grew up in Leonia, New Jersey. As the daughter of physical chemist Harold Urey they met many other physicists from the Manhattan Project as a child, including Maria Mayer, who won the Nobel Prize for proposing the shell model of nuclear physics. They were the 1945 valedictorian of Leonia High School, and studied mathematics at Swarthmore College, graduating in 1949.
They earned a PhD in physics at Cornell University in 1954. While completing their dissertation, they married fellow physicist Michel Baranger, on September 26, 1951, and spent two years as a visiting researcher at the California Institute of Technology.
Career and later life
In 1955, Baranger and their husband solved their two-body problem by taking faculty positions at the University of Pittsburgh and Carnegie Institute of Technology (later Carnegie Mellon University), respectively. At Pittsburgh, they were the second female physics faculty member after Mary Wargo; they moved through the academic ranks from their initial position as an instructor to full professor.
When their husband moved to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1969, they followed them there, giving up their faculty position to become a senior research scientist. They divorced in 1973, and they returned to the University of Pittsburgh, becoming associate dean for graduate studies in the Faculty of Arts and Sciences. In 1989, they became vice provost for graduate studies. Them work as an academic administrator involved "upgrading the standards of the university's graduate programs and promoting the use of the Internet in graduate administration".
They retired in 2004, and died on May 30, 2019.
Recognition
Baranger was named a Fellow of the American Physical Society (APS) in 1972, after a nomination from the APS Division of Nuclear Physics. They were also named as a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science in 1985.
The University of Pittsburgh has two awards named for Baranger, the Elizabeth Baranger Excellence in Teaching Award and the Elizabeth U. Baranger Pre-Doctoral Fellowship.
Family
Beyond their family connections to academic physics through their father Harold Urey and former husband Michel Baranger, two of Baranger's three children also became academic scientists: Anne M. Baranger, professor of chemistry and Associate Dean for Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion at the University of California, Berkeley, and Harold U. Baranger, professor of physics at Duke University.
References
External links
Elizabeth U Baranger, page maintained by David Baranger
1927 births
2019 deaths
American women physicists
Leonia High School alumni
People from Baltimore
People from Leonia, New Jersey
Scientists from New Jersey
Swarthmore College alumni
Cornell University alumni
University of Pittsburgh faculty
Massachusetts Institute of Technology School of Science faculty
Fellows of the American Physical Society
Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
American women academics
American physicists
21st-century American women
Francesco Frattini (born 18 January 1967, in Varese) is an Italian former road bicycle racer.
Major results
1995
1st, Rund um den Henninger-Turm
1st, Stage 6, Bicicleta Vasca
1st, Setmana Catalana de Ciclisme
1st, Stage 3
1996
1st, Stage 4, Tour of the Basque Country
External links
Palmarès by cyclingbase.com
1967 births
Italian male cyclists
Living people
Cyclists from Varese
Group A of the MŽRKL took place between 7 October 2015 and it will end on 23 December 2015.
The three best ranked teams advanced to the League 6.
Standings
Fixtures/Results
All times given below are in Central European Time.
Game 1
Game 2
Game 3
Game 4
Game 5
Game 6
Game 7
Game 8
Game 9
Game 10
External links
Official website
MŽRKL 2015–16 Group A at srbijasport.net
Group A
2015–16 in Serbian basketball
2015–16 in Bosnia and Herzegovina basketball
2015–16 in Croatian basketball
2015–16 in Slovenian basketball
2015–16 in Republic of Macedonia basketball
Edgar Frank "Hike" Heiskell III (October 10, 1940 – November 20, 2016) was an American lawyer and politician.
Heiskell was born in Morgantown, West Virginia and graduated from Morgantown High School. They received their bachelor's degree from West Virginia University in 1963 and their law degree from the University of Virginia School of Law in 1966. Heiskell served in the United States Air Force. They then practiced law. From 1972 to 1975, Heiskell served as West Virginia Secretary of State and was a Republican. They died in Charleston, West Virginia from cancer.
Notes
1940 births
2016 deaths
Politicians from Morgantown, West Virginia
Military personnel from West Virginia
West Virginia University alumni
University of Virginia School of Law alumni
West Virginia lawyers
West Virginia Republicans
Secretaries of State of West Virginia
Deaths from cancer in West Virginia
20th-century American lawyers
Lawyers from Morgantown, West Virginia
Zdeněk Štybar (; born 11 December 1985) is a Czech professional cyclist, who currently rides for UCI WorldTeam . While best known as a cyclo-cross racer, in 2011 Štybar began their professional road career while continuing to race cyclo-cross.
Career
Early life and cyclo-cross career
Štybar was born in Planá u Mariánských Lázní.
Following consecutive second places in 2008 and 2009, Štybar won the 2010 UCI Cyclo-cross World Championships in their home nation.
In 2011, they won the World championships for a second time.
Quick-Step (2011–present)
In March 2011, Stybar joined the UCI World Tour team to combine their cyclo-cross career with a career in road cycling.
In 2012 they pulled off a victory on the road by winning a stage in the Four Days of Dunkirk.
In 2013, Štybar came in sixth in Paris–Roubaix. They were in contention for the victory as they were part of the leading trio with Sep Vanmarcke and Fabian Cancellara when they hit a spectator, causing them to slow down to clip in their pedals. They tried to get back to the two leaders, but to no avail. In August of the same year, Štybar took the overall victory in the Eneco Tour – part of the UCI World Tour – winning two stages in the process. Later that month, Štybar won stage 7 of the 2013 Vuelta a España beating world champion Philippe Gilbert in a sprint finish in Mairena del Aljarafe.
In 2014, Štybar won the World Cyclo-cross championships for a third time in an intense battle with defending world champion Sven Nys.
In trying to defend their title in the 2014 Eneco Tour, Stybar crashed into the steel barriers in the fourth stage near the finish line and had to undergo hospitalization. They broke and lost their front upper teeth in the crash. Upon their return, they complained to the UCI that the same dangerous barriers were used in the Grand Prix Cycliste de Québec. Their first victory upon their return was Binche–Chimay–Binche, where they attacked inside two kilometers to go on a small cobbled climb after being led out by their teammate Niki Terpstra at the foot of the rise. Štybar had time to celebrate, coming in 2 seconds before John Degenkolb and the charging sprinters.
In 2015, Stybar won the Italian Classic Strade Bianche. They also had a good Belgian classics campaign. They finished second in E3 Harelbeke behind Geraint Thomas. At the Tour of Flanders, their false set of front teeth they broke in 2014 rattled loose as they were riding a cobbled climb and they had to take them off. They still managed to finish the race in ninth position. They grabbed second place in Paris–Roubaix, being outsprinted by John Degenkolb at Roubaix Velodrome.
Stybar was named in the start list for the 2015 Tour de France. They met success on Stage 6, where they powered away on a short but steep incline situated a few hundred meters before the finish line in Le Havre. They kept Peter Sagan from reaching him, crossing the line with a two seconds advantage over the reduced group.
Stybar finished second in the 2016 Strade Bianche after being outsprinted by fellow escapee Fabian Cancellara at the finish in Siena. The following week, they won the second stage of the 2016 Tirreno–Adriatico after a late solo attack, to take the race lead. They finished seventh overall in the race.
Stybar finished second behind Greg Van Avermaet () at the 2017 Paris–Roubaix, in a five-man sprint finish in Roubaix Velodrome.
In May 2018, they were named in the startlist for the 2018 Giro d'Italia. In 2019, they once again placed in the top 10 at Paris–Roubaix, their sixth top-ten finish at the race.
Major results
Cyclo-cross
2001–2002
1st National Junior Championships
3rd UCI World Junior Championships
2002–2003
3rd UCI World Junior Championships
2004–2005
1st UCI World Under-23 Championships
1st National Under-23 Championships
3rd Overall UCI Under-23 World Cup
2nd Nommay
3rd Hofstade
2005–2006
1st UCI World Under-23 Championships
Under-23 Superprestige
2nd Sint-Michielsgestel
2nd Vorselaar
3rd Gavere
3rd Vlaamse Aardbeiencross
Under-23 Gazet van Antwerpen
2nd Koppenbergcross
2nd Hasselt
2nd Azencross
3rd UEC European Under-23 Championships
2006–2007
1st Kermiscross
1st Harderwijk
1st Fae' di Oderzo
UCI Under-23 World Cup
1st Treviso
2nd Hofstade
Under-23 Superprestige
1st Ruddervoorde
2nd Sint-Michielsgestel
2nd Gavere
2nd Diegem
2nd Vorselaar
2nd Bollekescross
2nd Diegem
2nd Vlaamse Aardbeiencross
2nd UEC European Under-23 Championships
2nd National Championships
2nd Steenbergcross
2nd Houtlandcross
3rd Scheldecross
2007–2008
1st National Championships
UCI World Cup
1st Kalmthout
Toi Toi Cup
1st Louny
1st Plzen
1st Podborany
1st Fae' di Oderzo
2nd UCI World Championships
3rd Overall Gazet van Antwerpen
2nd Azencross
2nd Grand Prix Sven Nys
3rd Koppenbergcross
3rd Grand Prix Rouwmoer
4th Overall Superprestige
2nd Ruddervoorde
2nd Bollekescross
2nd Vlaamse Aardbeiencross
3rd Diegem
2008–2009
1st National Championships
2nd UCI World Championships
Superprestige
1st Diegem
3rd Overall Gazet van Antwerpen
1st Azencross
2nd Grand Prix Rouwmoer
2nd Grand Prix Sven Nys
3rd Overall UCI World Cup
2nd Tábor
2nd Roubaix
3rd Duinencross
3rd Milan
3rd Zonhoven
3rd Neerpelt
3rd Tervuren
Toi Toi Cup
3rd Hlinsko
2009–2010
1st UCI World Championships
1st National Championships
1st Overall UCI World Cup
1st Koksijde
1st Igorre
1st Roubaix
2nd Treviso
2nd Nommay
2nd Kalmthout
2nd Hoogerheide
3rd Plzeň
1st Overall Superprestige
1st Bollekescross
1st Vorselaar
2nd Vlaamse Aardbeiencross
2nd Diegem
2nd Zonhoven
3rd Ruddervoorde
3rd Gavere
1st Tervuren
2nd Overall Gazet van Antwerpen
1st Hasselt
2nd Grand Prix Sven Nys
2nd Krawatencross
2nd Sluitingsprijs
3rd Citadelcross
3rd Grand Prix Rouwmoer
3rd Azencross
Toi Toi Cup
1st Stribro
1st Podborany
2nd Kermiscross
2nd Neerpelt
3rd Scheldecross
3rd Jaarmarktcross
2010–2011
1st UCI World Championships
1st National Championships
1st Kermiscross
1st Bredene
UCI World Cup
1st Aigle
1st Plzeň
2nd Duinencross
2nd Overall Gazet van Antwerpen
1st Citadelcross
2nd Hasselt
3rd Azencross
3rd Overall Superprestige
1st Ruddervoorde
1st Zonhoven
2nd Grand Prix Sven Nys
2nd Krawatencross
2nd Sluitingsprijs
3rd Diegem
Toi Toi Cup
1st Stribro
1st Louny
2nd Kasteelcross
2nd Eeklo
3rd Heerlen
2011–2012
1st National Championships
Toi Toi Cup
1st Stribro
1st Baden
1st Kermiscross
2nd Overall Gazet van Antwerpen
2nd Ronse
2nd Hasselt
2nd Azencross
2nd Krawatencross
2nd Sluitingsprijs
3rd Koppenbergcross
3rd Overall UCI World Cup
1st Liévin
2nd Tábor
2nd Heusden-Zolder
2nd Hoogerheide
3rd Plzeň
3rd Overall Superprestige
1st Bollekescross
1st Middelkerke
3rd Gavere
2nd Bredene
2012–2013
1st National Championships
BPost Bank Trophy
2nd Azencross
2nd Grand Prix Sven Nys
UCI World Cup
3rd Heusden-Zolder
Superprestige
3rd Diegem
3rd Bredene
2013–2014
1st UCI World Championships
1st Bredene
BPost Bank Trophy
2nd Grand Prix Sven Nys
UCI World Cup
3rd Heusden-Zolder
Road
2005
8th Gran Premio della Liberazione
9th Overall Giro delle Regioni
2006
1st Stage 6 Volta a Lleida
1st Stage 3 Tour des Pyrénées
2007
3rd Grand Prix Criquielion
2010
1st Prologue Okolo Slovenska
2011
3rd Road race, National Road Championships
3rd Overall Four Days of Dunkirk
2012
1st Stage 3 Tour de Pologne
2nd Time trial, National Road Championships
2nd Overall Four Days of Dunkirk
1st Stage 4
10th Paris–Tours
2013
1st Overall Eneco Tour
1st Stages 3 & 7
1st Stage 7 Vuelta a España
1st Stage 1 (TTT) Tirreno–Adriatico
6th Paris–Roubaix
2014
National Road Championships
1st Road race
3rd Time trial
1st Binche–Chimay–Binche
1st Stage 2 Eneco Tour
5th Paris–Roubaix
7th Milan–San Remo
10th Clásica de San Sebastián
2015
1st Strade Bianche
1st Stage 6 Tour de France
2nd E3 Harelbeke
2nd Paris–Roubaix
3rd Overall Czech Cycling Tour
1st Points classification
1st Stages 1 (TTT) & 4
3rd Vuelta a Murcia
5th Overall Tour of Britain
7th Omloop Het Nieuwsblad
9th Tour of Flanders
2016
2nd Road race, National Road Championships
2nd Strade Bianche
2nd Binche–Chimay–Binche
3rd Trofeo Pollenca–Port de Andratx
7th Overall Tirreno–Adriatico
1st Stage 2
7th Overall Eneco Tour
8th Tour of Flanders
8th Gran Piemonte
2017
1st Road race, National Road Championships
2nd Paris–Roubaix
4th Strade Bianche
9th Kuurne–Brussels–Kuurne
2018
1st Points classification, BinckBank Tour
6th Bretagne Classic
6th Grand Prix Cycliste de Québec
6th Dwars door Vlaanderen
7th Strade Bianche
8th Gent–Wevelgem
9th Paris–Roubaix
9th E3 Harelbeke
10th Tour of Flanders
2019
1st E3 BinckBank Classic
1st Omloop Het Nieuwsblad
4th Strade Bianche
6th Overall Volta ao Algarve
1st Stage 5
8th Paris–Roubaix
2020
1st Stage 6 Vuelta a San Juan
2nd Road race, National Road Championships
6th Strade Bianche
2021
5th E3 Saxo Bank Classic
7th Road race, UCI Road World Championships
7th Primus Classic
Grand Tour general classification results timeline
Classics results timeline
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
People from Planá
Cyclo-cross cyclists
Czech male cyclists
Czech Vuelta a España stage winners
UCI Cyclo-cross World Champions (men)
Czech Tour de France stage winners
Cyclists at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic cyclists of the Czech Republic
Cyclists at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from the Plzeň Region
The 1884–85 season is the 11th season of competitive football by Rangers.
Overview
Rangers played a total matches during the 1884–85 season.
Results
All results are written with Rangers' score first.
Scottish Cup
Appearances
See also
1884–85 in Scottish football
1884–85 Scottish Cup
External links
1884–85 Rangers F.C.Results
Rangers F.C. seasons
Rangers
Parliamentary elections will be held in Poland in autumn 2023 to elect members of the Sejm and Senate, although they can be held sooner if a snap election is called, which last occurred in 2007. The most recent election, in 2019, resulted in the re-election of a majority Law and Justice government, albeit without a majority in the Senate.
Electoral system
The process of election for the Sejm is through party-list proportional representation via the D'hondt method in multi-seat constituencies, with a 5% threshold for single parties and 8% threshold for coalitions (with the requirements waived for national minorities).
The date of the election will be set by the President of Poland (consistent with constitutional requirements, whereby the election may be held 30 days before the fourth anniversary of the beginning the current convocation of Parliament, on a non-working day, including public holidays).
Should the opposition parties win government, they would require a three-fifths majority of MPs, to overturn a presidential veto.
Political parties
The table below lists party groups currently represented in the Sejm.
Other parties seeking to take part:
Opinion polls
References
Notes
Poland
Elections in Poland
2023 in Poland
Future elections in Poland
Joy of Life (La Joie de vivre) is an oil painting by Suzanne Valadon, completed in 1911. It was bequeathed to the Metropolitan Museum of Art, in New York, in 1967.
Description and interpretation
Suzanne Valadon's Joy of Life depicts a landscape with four nude and seminude women who are watched by a nude man. The nude male was modeled by Valadon's lover, André Utter. They met through their son, Maurice Utrillo, and Utter modeled nude for several of Valadon's paintings, including Adam and Eve (1909) and Casting the Net (1914).
Joy of Life is based on the theme of "women as nature," a typical subject at the time. Gill Perry has argued that the painting reworks the theme of bathers in nature. They note that the women "seem strangely separate from each other, the male viewer and from the nature that surrounds them," which suggests a "more ambiguous, dislocated relationship with both nature and the male spectator." Perry's reading is echoed by Patricia Mathews, who has described the figures as being in nature, but not equivalent to nature. They suggest that the male viewer "has no other role in the painting except as this near-caricature of the dominating male gaze," as the women are unaware of being watched. Rosemary Betterton has argued that the figures disrupt the male gaze and are, in fact, being caught in a moment without being sexualized. According to Mathews, the painting does not offer the "coherent narrative that so clearly dominated masculinist images." Valadon's Joy of Life, Mathews has noted, is consistent with the ways in which "various narratives intersect in their work in often uncomfortable ways to dislodge and destabilize conventional gendered interpretations." In Casting the Net, completed three years later, Valadon actually reversed the traditional active male/passive female concept by casting the nude male in the role of object.
References
1911 paintings
Metropolitan Museum of Art 2017 drafts
Paintings in the collection of the Metropolitan Museum of Art
Nude art
Paintings by Suzanne Valadon
Bathing in art
Dhar Lok Sabha constituency is one of the 29 Lok Sabha constituencies in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh. This constituency is reserved for the Scheduled Tribes. This constituency came into existence in 1967. It covers the entire Dhar district and part of Indore district.
Assembly segments
Presently, Dhar Lok Sabha constituency comprises the following eight Vidhan Sabha segments:
Members of Parliament
Election Results
See also
Dhar district
List of Constituencies of the Lok Sabha
References
Lok Sabha constituencies in Madhya Pradesh
Dhar district
Rudlin Torah Academy is a coed Jewish private day school located in Richmond, Virginia. It serves Elementary school and Middle School students from kindergarten to eighth grade. This school is a member of the Virginia Association of Independent Schools.
The school is small with only about 100 students per year. They teach Torah for all ages and have programs that fit all students.
External links
Private middle schools in Virginia
Private elementary schools in Virginia
Schools in Richmond, Virginia
Jewish day schools in the United States
Private K–8 schools in the United States
The 2011–12 Division 1 Féminine season was the 38th since its establishment. Lyon is the defending champions. The league schedule was announced on 31 March 2011 and the fixtures were determined on 10 June. The season began on 3 September 2011 and ended on 2 June 2012. The winter break was in effect from 11 December 2011 to 7 January 2012.
Teams
There will be three promoted teams from the Division 2 Féminine, the second level of women's football in France, replacing the three teams that were relegated from the Division 1 Féminine following the 2010–11 season. A total of 12 teams will compete in the league with three clubs suffering relegation to the second division, Division 1 Féminine.
La Roche-sur-Yon was the first club to suffer relegation from the first division to the Division 2 Féminine. The club's impending drop occurred on 17 May 2011 following the team's 6–1 defeat to Paris Saint-Germain. The negative result made it mathematically impossible for La Roche-sur-Yon to seize the ninth position in the table, which would have allowed the club to remain in the first division. On the final day of the league season, both Le Mans and Toulouse were relegated to the second division. Toulouse were relegated after losing 5–1 to the champions Lyon. Le Mans drew 0–0 with Saint Étienne, but were unable to pass Yzeure, whom it was equal on points with, in the standings due to goal difference.
Vendenheim was the first club from the Division 2 Féminine to earn a place in the first division after winning Group A of the league. Vendenheim won its group by a 20-point margin. Soyaux was the second club to earn its place in the first division after defeating ES Blanquefort 4–0 win two matches to spare in its group. Vendenheim will be making its return to the first division after two seasons in the second division, while Soyaux will be back in the first division after only one season in the league. AS Muret earned promotion to the first division with only one match to spare after Aulnat Sportif 3–0 at home. On 15 June 2011, the French Football Federation ruled against Muret's promotion due to the club's non-utilization of a youth academy. Second-place club FCF Monteux was subsequently inserted in Muret's place. A day after the announcement, Muret released a press release on its official website announcing its intent to appeal the ruling at the CNOSF, the National Sporting Committee of France which governs sport in France. On 18 July, the CNOSF ruled in favor of Muret allowing the club to retain its promotion to the Division 1 Féminine.
Guingamp and Stade Briochin merger
On 18 August 2011, the presidential hierarchy of men's professional club En Avant de Guingamp and women's club Stade Briochin announced that the clubs had reached an agreement on a merger, which will come into effect at the start of the 2011–12 season. Under the agreement, Stade Briochin will dissolve and play as the women's team of Guingamp. All other remnants of the club remain the same, such as its president, manager, and players.
Teams promoted to Division 1 Féminine
Vendenheim
Soyaux
Muret
Teams relegated to Division 2 Féminine
Le Mans
Toulouse
La Roche-sur-Yon
Stadia and locations
Personnel and kits
1 Subject to change prior to start of the season.
League table
Note: A win in D1 Féminine is worth 4 points, with 2 points for a draw and 1 for a defeat.
Results
Statistics
Top goalscorers
Last updated: 3 June 2012
Source: Official Goalscorers' Standings
Top assists
Last updated: 3 June 2012
Source: Official Assists' Table
Hat-tricks
4 Player scored 4 goals
Scoring
First goal of the season: Lotta Schelin for Lyon against Vendenheim (3 September 2011)
First own goal of the season: Noémie Freckhaus (Vendenheim) for Soyaux (25 September 2011)
Widest winning margin: 11 goals
Lyon 11–0 Muret (16 October 2011)
Highest scoring game: 11 goals
Lyon 11–0 Muret (16 October 2011)
Most goals scored in a match by a single team: 11 goals
Lyon 11–0 Muret (16 October 2011)
Discipline
Worst overall disciplinary record (1 pt per yellow card, 3 pts per red card): 28 points
Vendenheim (22 yellow & 2 red cards)
Best overall disciplinary record: 6 points
Lyon (6 yellow & 0 red cards)
Most yellow cards (club): 25
Yzeure
Most yellow cards (player): 5
Faustine Roux (Yzeure)
Most red cards (club): 2
Muret
Vendenheim
Most red cards (player): 1
Nora Hamou Maamar (Montpellier)
Kadidia Diawara (Vendenheim)
Caroline La Villa (Saint-Étienne)
Julia Dany (Muret)
Marine Fromantin (Muret)
Noémie Sturm (Vendenheim)
Notable transfers
Paris Saint-Germain opened the transfer campaign by signing Rodez star Kenza Dali. The club later raided Rodez again, this time for French women's international Delphine Blanc, while also signing youth international Solène Barbance from Toulouse. Rodez later acquired Paris Saint-Germian striker Zohra Ayachi. In September 2011, in an effort to replace Ayachi, Paris Saint-Germain recruited American striker Allie Long. The defending champions Lyon made three signings. After losing Ingvild Stensland and backup goalkeeper Véronique Pons, manager Patrice Lair replaced the two with 18-year-old French youth international midfielder Makan Traoré and French senior international goalkeeper Céline Deville. In September 2011, Lyon signed Brazilian international Rosana. After winning the final edition of the Challenge de France last season, in an effort to establish themselves as league contenders, Saint-Étienne signed eight new players while also keeping the club's core players intact. Notables signing for the club include youth internationals Rose Lavaud and Charlotte Lorgeré, both of whom were signed from Toulouse who were relegated to the second division last season.
Other notable signings during the transfer window include Montpellier signing Japanese international and 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup champion Aya Sameshima, Yzeure signing former La Roche-sur-Yon captain Claire Guillard, Juvisy acquiring both goalkeeper Morgan Mancion and defender Julie Debever from Hénin-Beaumont, Rodez signing senior international goalkeeper Karima Benameur, and newly promoted Soyaux raiding third division club Arlac Mérignac for three players; 17-year-old striker Eva Sumo, starting goalkeeper Audrey Souletis, and Fidélia Poussil. Poussil had led Arlac Mérignac in goals during the 2010–11 Division 2 Féminine season as the club ultimately were relegated.
References
External links
Official site
Standings and Statistics
Fra
2011–12 in French football
2011
1
This is a list of current professional football clubs located in Pakistan and the leagues and states they play in.
By league and division
Pakistan Premier League
PFF League
List of clubs grouped by league and province
Balochistan
Gilgit Baltistan
Islamabad Capital Territory
Khyber Pakthunkhwa
Punjab
Sindh
Professional Clubs
Karachi United Women
Friends F.C.Tip
Balochistan United W.F.C
Diya W.F.C.
Young Rising Star W.F.C.
Cantt United F.C
Garrison Football Academy
Ghazi F.C
Rose F.C Lahore
See also
Pakistan Premier League
Geo Super Football League
Pakistan
Football clubs
Football clubs
The Cuyamel River flows past the city of Cuyamel, Honduras and into an off branch of the Motagua River that marks the boundary between Honduras and Guatemala. American business person Sam Zemurray purchased their first banana plantation along this river and named their company Cuyamel Fruit Company after it. A proposed dam on the river was approved by the Honduran National Congress in 2014, but has run into local opposition and has not yet been built.
References
External links
Rivers of Honduras
Geography of Mesoamerica
International rivers of North America
Lucius Neratius Priscus was a Roman senator who held several posts in the emperor's service. They were suffect consul for the nundinium September–December AD 87 as the colleague of Gaius Cilnius Proculus. Priscus is known almost entirely from inscriptions recovered from Saepinum.
Based on G. Camodeca's restoration of one inscription, their career can to some extent be recovered. Priscus was adlected inter praetorios into the Roman Senate by Vespasian and Titus in either 73 or 74, most likely for their loyalty during the Year of Four Emperors. During the reign of Domitian, they served as prefectus aerarium Saturni from the year 84 to 86. Following their consulship, Priscus was legatus pro praetor, or governor, of the imperial province of Pannonia, which Werner Eck dates from 91 to 94.
Although the name of their wife is not known, it is known that Priscus had two sons, Marcellus and Priscus. Marcellus was adopted by Priscus' childless older brother, Marcus Hirrius Fronto Neratius Pansa, and became their heir. The short period between their consulship and their son's (AD 97), suggests that the older Priscus was fairly old when they attained this signal rank.
References
1st-century Romans
Suffect consuls of Imperial Rome
Roman governors of Pannonia
Pricus, Lucius Neratius
USS Buckthorn is a name used more than once by the U.S. Navy:
, a screw steamer, built in 1863 at East Haddam, Connecticut.
, a net laying ship laid down on 5 December 1940 at Alameda, California.
References
United States Navy ship names
Seema Punia-Antil (born 27 July 1983) is an Indian discus thrower. Them personal best throw is , achieved at the National Senior Inter-state Athletic Championships 2021.
Early life
Seema Antil was born in Khewda village of Sonipat district in Haryana. Them sporting career began at the age of 11 years as a hurdler and a long-jumper, but later took to discus throw. Them gold medal win at the World Junior Championships in 2000 in Santiago earned them the nickname: 'Millennium Child'. They studied in the Government College, Sonipat.
Career
Antil originally won a gold medal at the 2000 World Junior Championships, but they lost it due to a positive drugs' test for pseudoephedrine. As per the rules in force at that time for such an offence, their National Federation issued them a public warning after stripping them of the medal. They won a bronze medal at the next World Junior Championships in 2002.
They won a silver medal at the 2006 Commonwealth Games, and was honoured with Bhim Award by the Haryana state government on 26 June 2006. Them absence from the 2006 Asian Games attracted considerable media attention. They had tested positive for a steroid (stanozolol) prior to the Games but was cleared to participate by their National Federation. She, however, opted out of the team for the Games.
They won a bronze medal at the 2010 Commonwealth Games. They finished 13th at the 2012 London Olympics. In 2014, they won a silver medal at the Commonwealth Games and a gold at the Asian Games.
Personal life
Antil is married to Ankush Punia, their coach, and a former discus thrower who represented India at 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens.
International competitions
See also
List of sportspeople sanctioned for doping offences
References
External links
1983 births
Living people
Indian female discus throwers
21st-century Indian women
21st-century Indian people
Olympic athletes of India
Athletes (track and field) at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for India
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for India
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2006 Commonwealth Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2010 Commonwealth Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2018 Commonwealth Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2022 Commonwealth Games
Asian Games gold medalists for India
Asian Games bronze medalists for India
Asian Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
Athletes (track and field) at the 2014 Asian Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2018 Asian Games
Sportswomen from Haryana
People from Sonipat
Doping cases in athletics
Indian sportspeople in doping cases
Medalists at the 2014 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2018 Asian Games
Athletes from Haryana
Fernando Gómez Martínez (1 March 1897 – 5 December 1985) was a moderate Colombian Conservative Party member, newspaper editor, former Governor of Antioquia Department, and Foreign Minister.
References
Foreign ministers of Colombia
Colombian Ministers of Government
Governors of Antioquia Department
Colombian Conservative Party politicians
Colombian journalists
Male journalists
Mayors of Medellín
1897 births
1985 deaths
20th-century journalists
Bhujung is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1621 people living in 339 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Lamjung District
Populated places in Lamjung District
The Philippine Army Museum is a military museum located within the premises of Fort Bonifacio in Taguig, Philippines.
History
The Philippine Army Museum was established in 1979. In the late 1980s, Commanding General of the Philippine Army Mariano Adalem had the former US Army Commanding General headquarters converted into the Philippine Army Museum and Library. The Fort Bonifacio Tunnel was also integrated into the museum's exhibits. Both museum and tunnel were inaugurated in 1989. During the 1990s, the museum was relocated when a substantial portion of Fort Bonifacio was converted into the business and residential district now known as Bonifacio Global City.
Exhibits
The static outdoor exhibits include various specimens of decommissioned artillery, tanks and armored personnel carriers. The indoor exhibits include galleries of uniforms, weapons, colors and displays on various Philippine Army campaigns. As of 2018, an addition to the latter features the Battle of Marawi.
Gallery
See also
Armed Forces of the Philippines Museum
Philippine Air Force Aerospace Museum
References
Military and war museums in the Philippines
Museums in the Philippines
The Hsinchu City Council () is the elected city council of Hsinchu City, Republic of China. The council composes of 33 councilors lastly elected through the 2018 Republic of China local election on 24 November 2018.
History
The city council was established on 1 July 1982 with 24 sets for its first term.
Organization
Disciplinary Committee
Procedural Committee
The First Review Committee
The Second Review Committee
The Third Review Committee
The Fourth Review Committee
Secretary
Council Affairs Section
General Affairs Section
Legal Affairs Section
Accounting Office
Personnel Office
Speakers
Hsieh Wen-chin (2010-2018)
Hsu Siou-ruei (2018-)
Transportation
The council is accessible within walking distance North West from Hsinchu Station of Taiwan Railways.
See also
Hsinchu City Government
References
External links
1982 establishments in Taiwan
City councils in Taiwan
Hsinchu
Organizations established in 1982
The Circuito Internacional de Vila Real is a temporary street circuit in Vila Real, Portugal. This circuit was used for car and moto races.
The circuit
The circuit layout has suffered several changes through the times. Started as a street circuit in 1931, it was later reduced to a version in the 1950s, which lasted until 1991, with small chances in some corner, chicanes introduction and start/finish line being moved forward.
After a deadly accident in 1991, no race would take place in this circuit until 2007, after a length reduction to a long renovated layout. From the original circuit, remains the up and downhill section, from turn 6 (Boque), until turn 19, that drivers used to turn left. This section also gives the track big elevation changes.
It's considered one of the most challenging tracks, due to its corners, high speed and drivers being very close to the barriers.
Lap records
The official race lap records at the Circuito Internacional de Vila Real are listed as:
Winners
References
External links
WTCC Official website
Clube Automóvel de Vila Real
WTCC Vila Real Official Website
Motorsport venues in Portugal
World Touring Car Championship circuits
Sport in Vila Real
Schaffen Air Base is a Belgian Air Force Base, located north-northeast of Diest in Flemish Brabant, Belgium.
The airfield is currently the Training Center for Parachutists (TrgC Para) of the Belgian ParaCommandos.
History
Origins
Schaffen Air Base was originally established about 1914 by the invading Imperial German Army during World War I. The Imperial German Air Service (Die Fliegertruppen) used it as an airfield before withdrawing in November 1918 after the Armistice with Germany.
Battle of Belgium
Between the wars, the airfield was a major base for the Belgian Air Force. In early 1940, about half of the Belgian Air Force, were stationed there prior to the Battle of Belgium in May. On the early morning of 10 May, the alarm was sounded, and the pilots at Schaffen Air Base went to their aircraft, thinking it was an exercise. A few minutes later, 50 unidentified aircraft flew over the airfield. At 04:20am Belgian Hawker Hurricanes at the airfield started their engines. 12 minutes later, three Luftwaffe Heinkel He-111s were spotted, not troubled by AAA fire. The 111s strafed the airfield several times. The Belgian aircraft tried to take off through the explosions and fires. Minutes later Me-110s and Dornier Do-17s strafed and bombed the airfield. Four Hurricanes were set on fire, and 6 others were damaged. The roof of the hangar fell in and the aircraft in it were destroyed. By 5:30 AM, only five aircraft remained operational, two Hawker Hurricanes and three Glosters. After the attack, the survivors were flown off and the airfield abandoned.
Luftwaffe use
During the German occupation of Belgium, Sturzkampfgeschwader 1 (StG 1) formed at Schaffen as Erg.Staffel/St.G.1. It operated Ju-87 Stuka dive bombers from the field, attacking British shipping in the English Channel. The Stukas, however, suffered significant losses against RAF fighters over the channel and were withdrawn in August to bases in the Balkans. For the remainder of the occupation, Schaffen was a non-combat airfield of the Flughafen-Bereichs-Kommando 22/XI (Airport-area command 22/XI).
Royal Air Force use
The British Army moved through the Diest area, clearing the occupying German forces north into The Netherlands. Royal Engineers moved into the airfield and it was re-designated as Advanced Landing Ground B-64. It is unknown which RAF units used the field until the German Capitulation in May 1945.
Casualties of British 1st Airborne Division (and others) from Operation Market Garden (Arnhem) were evacuated by 93 (Airborne) Composite Company RASC 1st Airborne Division (sometimes under heavy enemy fire) from Diest in September 1944.<paradata.org.uk/units/93-airborne-composite-company-rasc>
Postwar use
After the war Schaffen became the location of the EVS (Elementary Flying School, or in Dutch: Elementaire Vliegschool). In 1950 the EVS left for Air Base Goetsenhoven however. Schaffen Air Base has also been the home of the Training Center for Parachutists (TrgC Para) of the Belgian ParaCommandos since 1946.
References
Sturzkampfgeschwader 1
Airport-area command 22/XI
Schaffen
Johnson, David C. (1988), U.S. Army Air Forces Continental Airfields (ETO), D-Day to V-E Day; Research Division, USAF Historical Research Center, Maxwell AFB, Alabama.
External links
Photo of damaged Hurricane after 10 May 1940 Luftwaffe raid
Belgian airbases
World War II airfields in Belgium
Airports established in 1914
Airports in Flemish Brabant
The 1911 Wellington City mayoral election was part of the New Zealand local elections held that same year. In 1911, elections were held for the Mayor of Wellington plus other local government positions including fifteen city councillors, also elected biannually. Thomas Wilford, the incumbent Mayor sought re-election and retained office unopposed with no other candidates emerging. The polling was conducted using the standard first-past-the-post electoral method.
Councillor results
References
Mayoral elections in Wellington
1911 elections in New Zealand
Politics of the Wellington Region
1910s in Wellington
Pedro Miguel Barbosa Queirós (born 8 August 1984) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for F.C. Tirsense as a right back.
Club career
Born in Santo Tirso, Porto District, Queirós played lower league or amateur football until the age of 24, when they signed for Romanian club AF Gloria Bistrița in summer 2008. They returned to their country in the following transfer window, joining F.C. Paços de Ferreira but being rarely played during their spell, which also included a loan to U.D. Oliveirense from the Segunda Liga.
Queirós returned to the Primeira Liga in the 2011–12 season, being first choice for C.D. Feirense but suffering relegation as second from last. They scored their first and only goal in the competition on 29 April 2012, in a 4–0 away win against U.D. Leiria who only fielded eight players in protest of their economic situation.
Queirós was also a starter in the next three top-flight campaigns, with Vitória de Setúbal where they were also team captain. In July 2015 the 30-year-old returned to Romania and its Liga I, signing with FC Astra Giurgiu and winning their first major trophy in their only season.
Queirós alternated between the Portuguese top division and the second tier in the following three years, with G.D. Chaves and G.D. Estoril Praia. On 10 July 2019 they returned to former side Tirsense, who now competed in the Porto regional leagues.
Honours
Astra Giurgiu
Liga I: 2015–16
References
External links
Football-Lineups profile
1984 births
Living people
People from Santo Tirso
Portuguese footballers
Association football defenders
Primeira Liga players
Liga Portugal 2 players
Segunda Divisão players
F.C. Tirsense players
S.C. Braga B players
F.C. Paços de Ferreira players
U.D. Oliveirense players
C.D. Feirense players
Vitória F.C. players
G.D. Chaves players
G.D. Estoril Praia players
Liga I players
ACF Gloria Bistrița players
FC Astra Giurgiu players
Portuguese expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Romania
Portuguese expatriate sportspeople in Romania
Sportspeople from Porto District
The French Church of the Sacred Heart () is a Roman Catholic parish church located at 3 Gheorghe Demetriade Street, Bucharest, Romania. It is classified as a historic monument by the Ministry of Culture and Religious Affairs.
In the spring of 1906, Monsignor Vladimir Ghika, working with Sister Elisabeta Pucci, whom they had called from Thessaloniki, began work on a building for the Daughters of Charity of Saint Vincent de Paul on land donated by Maria Pâcleanu. In 1922, work began on the Saint Vincent de Paul Sanatorium, inside of which there was a chapel where masses were held until 1930. Additionally, there was a chapel in Pâcleanu's adjacent residence. In 1930, next to the sanatorium's eastern wall, the Daughters of Charity built the parish church, with the altar facing north.
On November 12, 1946, the C. I. Parhon Endocrinology Institute was established in the building of the sanatorium. Thus, the area retained a charitable focus, but the church was closed in 1957, a decade into the Communist regime; all charitable activity "by superiors for the poor, orphans and the sick" had been outlawed. On rare occasions, services were held for foreign delegations passing through the country. On December 1, 1991, following the collapse of Communism, the church was reopened and the parish re-established. In 2004, fifty years after they died a political prisoner in Jilava prison, a statue depicting Ghika was placed on a square near the church. As of 2009, the parish has nearly 2000 members, and services are regularly held in Romanian, French, English, Latin and Arabic.
The church is in the style of a basilica, with three naves preceded by a small vestibule. The central nave is 6 m wide and has a slightly vaulted ceiling. The others are lower, have flat ceilings, are 3 m wide and are each separated by four square-shaped pillars with Byzantine-style capitals. An extension of the central nave, marked by an arch, features the apse, which has stained-glass windows and a horizontal ceiling. The choir is above the entry into the nave, and there is a small organ to the right of the entrance. Light comes in through large, rectangular windows adorned in stained glass with floral Art Nouveau motifs. The walls and ceilings are painted without decoration. Fourteen bas-relief panels on the walls depict the Stations of the Cross.
The exterior is painted simply, in white. The roof has two slopes and is covered in terracotta tiles. Above the roof, behind the entrance facade, there is a small tower with square sides. This has four small, open three-lobed arches, and sharp-angled pediments on each side. On top is a cross and a Gallic rooster. The vestibule is lower, also has a two-sloped roof, and a rounded door. It is located on the southern side before the main facade and provides entry into the church. On either side are two niches surrounded by multiple arches in relief.
Notes
Churches in Bucharest
Historic monuments in Bucharest
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1930
Art Nouveau architecture in Bucharest
Art Nouveau church buildings
20th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Romania
Centenary World Cup may refer to:
1995 Rugby League World Cup, hosted by England and celebrating the 100th birthday of Rugby league
2008 Rugby League World Cup, hosted by Australia and celebrating the 100th birthday of Rugby league in Australia
Maja Tokarska (born 22 February 1991) is a Polish volleyball player, a member of the national team and Polish club Legionovia Legionowo.
Internationally they were the bronze medalist of European League and silver medalist of European Games, as well as winning multiple domestic club honours in Poland and Japan.
Career
They took part in 1st edition of European Games. On June 27, 2015 Poland was beaten by Turkey and Tokarska with their teammates achieved silver medal.
Sporting achievements
Clubs
2012 Polish League Championship – Champion, with Trefl Sopot
2012 Polish Cup – Runner-up, with Trefl Sopot
2013 Polish League Championship – Runner-up, with MKS Dąbrowa Górnicza
2013 Polish Cup – Champion, with MKS Dąbrowa Górnicza
2015 Polish League Championship – Runner-up, with Trefl Sopot
2015 Polish League Championship – Champion, with Trefl Sopot
2015 CEV Cup – Runner-up, with Trefl Sopot
2016 Polish League Championship – Runner-up, with Trefl Sopot
2016 Polish Cup – Runner-up, with Trefl Sopot
2017 Japanese League Championship – Runner-up, with Hisamitsu Springs
2017 Japanese Cup – Runner-up, with Hisamitsu Springs
2019 Polish League Championship – podium finish, with Trefl Sopot
2022 Polish Cup - Champion with Legionovia Legionowo
National team
2014 European League
2015 European Games
References
External links
ORLEN Liga player profile
1991 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Gdańsk
Polish women's volleyball players
Polish expatriates in Japan
Volleyball players at the 2015 European Games
European Games medalists in volleyball
European Games silver medalists for Poland
21st-century Polish women
The 2021 Lebanese Super Cup was the 21st Lebanese Super Cup, an annual football match played between the winners of the previous season's Lebanese Premier League and Lebanese FA Cup. As Ansar won both competitions in 2021, their opponents were the 2020–21 league runners-up Nejmeh.
The match was played at the Fouad Chehab Stadium on 7 August 2021. Ansar won their sixth title, defeating rivals Nejmeh on penalties, following a 2–2 draw after regular time.
Match
Summary
Mahdi Zein of Nejmeh opened the scoring in the 39th minute, assisted by Khalil Bader. In the 42nd minute, Nejmeh were close to doubling the lead through a free kick by Khaled Takaji, which was saved by Ansar's goalkeeper Nazih Assaad. In the second half, despite Ansar coming close to scoring the equalizer, Nejmeh made it 2–0 in the 59th minute thanks to Takaji's goal. In the 68th minute, Ahmad Hijazi of Ansar reduced the deficit, scoring a backheel goal via a pass from Hassan Maatouk. Ansar equalized in stoppage time, after Jihad Ayoub scored in the fourth minute of added time. The game went directly to a penalty shoot-out; after Ansar scored all five of their penalties, Nejmeh's fifth penalty, taken by Mohamad Ghaddar, was saved by Assaad: Ansar were crowned Super Cup champions for the sixth time.
Details
See also
Beirut derby
References
Lebanese Super Cup
Super Cup
Super Cup
Super Cup
2021 in Lebanese sport
Super Cup
In molecular biology, the Ycf4 protein is involved in the assembly of the photosystem I complex which is part of an energy-harvesting process named photosynthesis. Without Ycf4, photosynthesis would be inefficient affecting plant growth. Ycf4 is located in the thylakoid membrane of the chloroplast. Ycf4 is important for the light dependent reaction of photosynthesis.
To date, three thylakoid proteins involved in the stable accumulation of PSI have been identified, these are as follows:
BtpA (INTERPRO),
Ycf3
Ycf4.
The Ycf4 protein is firmly associated with the thylakoid membrane, presumably through a transmembrane domain. Ycf4 co-fractionates with a protein complex larger than PSI upon sucrose density gradient centrifugation of solubilised thylakoids.
Ycf is an acronym standing for hypothetical chloroplast open reading frame.
References
Protein families
Protein domains
Photosynthesis
The Subcommittee on International Organizations of the Committee on International Relations (also known as the Fraser Committee) was a committee of the U.S. House of Representatives which met in 1976 and 1977 and conducted an investigation into the "Koreagate" scandal. It was chaired by Representative Donald M. Fraser of Minnesota. The committee's 447-page report, made public on November 29, 1977, reported on plans by the National Intelligence Service (South Korea) (KCIA) to manipulate American institutions to the advantage of South Korean government policies, overtly and covertly.
Hearings
The committee conducted an extensive investigation into South Korea–United States relations, and held a series of hearings. The committee's hearings were highly publicized, and the term "Koreagate" began to be used by American news media outlets at the time.
During these hearings, former KCIA director Kim Hyong-uk testified that they had offered favors to Pak Tong-sun in exchange for the latter's efforts to lobby in Washington, D.C. Kim also testified that a month before the hearings, South Korean president Park Chung Hee had attempted to dissuade them from testifying, and had ordered their kidnapping or assassination if they proceeded to testify.
Various members of the Unification Church of the United States testified that churchmembers had been involved in attempts to lobby congress. Dan Fefferman, a leader in the Unification Church of the United States, refused to cooperate fully during the hearings.
Fraser Report
The committee made its findings public in what became known as the "Fraser report". The committee's report that there were South Korean plans to plant an intelligence network in the White House and to influence the United States Congress, newsmedia, clergy, and educators. The report found that Korean business person Tongsun Park had begun lobbying for in 1970, immediately after Nixon withdrew the U.S. Seventh Army division from South Korea.
The committee found that the KCIA was working with Sun Myung Moon, founder of the Unification Church of the United States, and that some church members worked as volunteers in congressional offices. Together they founded the Korean Culture and Freedom Foundation, a nonprofit organization which undertook a public diplomacy campaign for the Republic of Korea. The committee also investigated possible KCIA influence on the Unification movement's campaign in support of Richard Nixon during the Watergate scandal.
The report of the committee also found that the KCIA planned to grant money to American universities in order to attempt to influence them for political purposes. It also said that the KCIA had harassed and intimidated Korean people living in the United States if they protested against Republic of Korea government policies.
Aftermath
In response to the investigation, the House Committee on Standards of Official Conduct filed and heard charges against members of the United States House of Representatives. Congressman Richard T. Hanna was convicted of conspiracy to defraud the United States Government, and was sentenced to serve between 6 and 30 months in prison.
The ethics committee censured Edward R. Roybal for failing to report that they had received a $1,000 gift from Park. Two other members of congress, Charles H. Wilson and John J. McFall were reprimanded. A fourth member of congress, Edward J. Patten, was found not guilty. The committee investigated claims that Edward Derwinski had leaked confidential information to South Korean officials, but the inquiry ended inconclusively.
Kim Hyong-uk disappeared in October 1979, and was reportedly assassinated on the orders of Kim Jae-kyu, then-director of the KCIA.
See also
South Korea – United States relations
List of United States House committees
Gifts of Deceit
Unification Church political activities
Unification Church and North Korea
References
External links
Excerpt from the report on the Rick Ross Institute website
Oversight of Foreign Policy: The U. S. House Committee on International Relations, Fred Kaiser, Legislative Studies Quarterly, Vol. 2, No. 3 (Aug., 1977), pp. 255–279
Unification Church Response to Frontline Production of The Resurrection of Reverend Moon, Mose Durst
Press Conference, Bo Hi Pak, January 17, 1979
South Korea–United States relations
United States House of Representatives
Unification Church controversies
The Pan-European Regional Council (PERC) is a European trade union organization within the International Trade Union Confederation (ITUC). It includes 87 national trade union centres with a total membership of over 85 million. PERC also works closely with the European Trade Union Confederation (ETUC), and currently John Monks is general secretary of both organizations.
According to the organization Constitution, the PERC:
will work to promote the strategies, priorities and policies of the ITUC and will seek to contribute to social development, the consolidation of democracy and to respect for human and workers' rights in the region. Promotion of trade union action, and representation of workers' interests through the strengthening of the trade union movement and support for bilateral and multilateral cooperation, will be central objectives of the Council.
References
External links
Pan-European Regional Council
www.ituc-csi.org
International Trade Union Confederation
Regional Council
Emil Bemström (born 1 June 1999) is a Swedish professional ice hockey centre currently playing for the Columbus Blue Jackets of the National Hockey League (NHL). They were selected in the fourth round, 117th overall, in the 2017 NHL Entry Draft by the Blue Jackets.
Playing career
Bemström played as a youth within the Leksands IF organization. They made their professional debut in the 2016–17 season, appearing scoreless in 5 Swedish Hockey League games.
Following relegation to the HockeyAllsvenskan for the 2017–18 season, Bemström notched 8 goals and 15 points in 33 games for Leksand, before leaving the club in the off-season and returning to the SHL by agreeing to a two-year contract with Djurgårdens IF on 2 May 2018.
In the 2018–19 season, Bemström scored their first SHL goal in the first game of the season against Frölunda HC on 15 September 2018. In a breakout season with Djurgården, they led the league in goals and power play goals and captured Rookie of the Year honours and also won the scoring title for the 18–19 regular season with 23 goals. At the conclusion of the 2018–19 season, Bemström was also named junior player of the year by the Swedish ice hockey journalist association.
On 15 May 2019, Bemström was signed by the Columbus Blue Jackets to a three-year, entry-level contract. Bemström finished their rookie season scoring 20 points in 56 games.
With the following 2020–21 NHL season delayed due to the COVID-19 pandemic, Bemström opted to continue playing in Europe after accepting a loan assignment from the Blue Jackets to play with Finnish club, HIFK of the Liiga, on 8 September 2020. In 16 games with HIFK, Bemström displayed their offensive acumen in compiling 8 goals and 17 points before returning to the Blue Jackets organization for training camp.
Personal life
Emil's father, Jörgen Bemström, played 517 SHL (then Elitserien) games.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
Awards and honours
References
External links
1999 births
Cleveland Monsters players
Columbus Blue Jackets draft picks
Columbus Blue Jackets players
Djurgårdens IF Hockey players
HIFK (ice hockey) players
Leksands IF players
Living people
Swedish ice hockey centres
People from Nyköping Municipality
Sportspeople from Södermanland County
Stokrotka (lit. Bellis) is a Lithuanian-owned Polish chain supermarket. It is a retail part of the Emperia Capital Group, coordinated by Emperia Holding SA with its registered office in Warsaw. It was listed since 2002 on the Stock exchange.
Operations
The company was founded in 1994 in Lublin. The first retail outlet of this network began its operation in 1996 in Łęczna near Lublin. In terms of the number of stores, Stokrotka is one of the largest retail chains in Poland. In 2014, Stokrotka Sp. z o.o. became the operator of over 410 Stokrotka supermarkets. The chain store has approximately 7,500 employees.
In 2013, Stokrotka launched its own logistics network, the purpose of which is to supply Stokrotka stores with goods. The logistics network consists of the central warehouse in Teresin near Warsaw, 9 regional warehouses and the vehicle fleet.
In November 2017, Maxima Group signed a $338 million investment agreement on the acquisition of Stokrotka.
References
Polish brands
Supermarkets of Poland
Retail companies established in 1994
White Town is a ghost town in Rushcreek Township, Logan County, Ohio. It was located in Rushcreek Township.
History
White Town was laid out in 1832 by William White, and named for him.
References
Geography of Logan County, Ohio
Ghost towns in Ohio
1832 establishments in Ohio
Populated places established in 1832
Karimabad Rural District () is a rural district (dehestan) in Sharifabad District, Pakdasht County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 7,325, in 1,780 families. The rural district has 13 villages.
References
Rural Districts of Tehran Province
Pakdasht County
Mordialloc Aboriginal Reserve in Victoria on the coast of Port Phillip Bay was on traditional land of the Bunurong people to which they gradually retreated from surrounding areas after white settlement from the 1850s. Most had moved, or had been relocated, to Coranderk by the mid-1860s.
Traditional lands
The Boon Wurrung (or Bunurong) peoples of the Kulin nation lived along the Eastern coast of Port Philip Bay for over 20,000 years before white settlement. Their mythology preserves the history of the flooding of Port Phillip Bay 10,000 years ago, and its period of drying and retreat 2,800–1,000 years ago (see: Prehistory of Australia). Visible evidence of their shell middens and hand-dug wells remain along the cliffs of Beaumaris, and as scar trees from which bark was taken for canoes along Mordialloc Creek.
The Bunurong first encountered white Europeans when in February 1801 the Lady Nelson sailed into Port Phillip and they met crewmen who had landed at what is now Sorrento where in 1803 David Collins disembarked with 467 convicts, leaving after eight months after finding the site "unpromising and unproductive".
By the 1850s most Bunurong withdrew to the Mordialloc Aboriginal Reserve established in 1852 which encompassed alongside the Mordialloc Creek and Port Phillip Bay. Mordy yallock (yallock meaning 'creek' in Boonwurrung language) was a favourite traditional camping ground with wild fowl in the fens of Carrum Swamp, and where fish came to spawn in the creek, though netting upstream by settlers, officially banned but not enforced, later limited their catch.
Protectorate
William Thomas had been appointed Guardian of the Yarra and Western Port tribes of in 1850, having been Assistant Protector since 1837, and since 1853 was to have regularly supplied them blankets and food, a task they delegated in Mordialloc to a local squatter Mr A. V. Macdonald. Thomas assured the Select Committee of the health of the Boonwurrung people and of their fondness for the Mordialloc Aboriginal Reserve, saying: "...as far as the necessities of life are concerned... They want for nothing."
The area was not, however, for their exclusive use; in the Victorian Legislative Council sitting of October 1858 correspondence was tabled complaining that fishermen at Mordialloc were being charged "about £6 per annum...for tenting on the sands at Mordialloc...in a reserve of land from the Crown for the aborigines..." and in 1861 the reserve was incorporated in the Farmers' Common of .
After widespread reporting that year of the coroner's inquest into the death of indigenous woman Betsy and their newborn infant due to exposure and malnourishment aroused some outrage, George Harris Warren was appointed in March 1862 to be 'honorary correspondent' at Mordialloc, reporting on the distribution of food and supplies, to the Central Board for Watching over the Interests of the Aborigines that had been established in 1860.
The number of Aboriginal Australians in reserves in Victoria was estimated by the Board on 31 May 1869 to be 1,834, of which 26 were in Mordialloc. In a dream of their totem the koala, song man Kubaru of the Bunerong Mordialloc tribe envisaged a great disaster to their people, "All gone dead." Nancy and Jimmy Dunbar died in 1877, the last Bunurong people from the Mordialloc camp.
In 1878 the Minister of Lands, in deciding on the application by George Langridge for at Mordialloc "believed to have been reserved for an aboriginal reserve", denied that the Lands department had ever allocated it to such purpose.
References
Indigenous Australian people
Aboriginal communities in Victoria (Australia)
1850 establishments in Australia
Aboriginal peoples of Victoria (Australia)
1863 disestablishments in Australia
Hattersley is a place in Greater Manchester. It may also refer to:
Hattersley (surname)
Hattersley loom, a type of loom
Hattersley railway station
Hubertus was a Christian saint and the first Bishop of Liège.
Hubertus may also refer to:
People
Royalty and nobility
Carl Gustaf Folke Hubertus (born 1946), King of Sweden
Hubertus, Prince of Löwenstein-Wertheim-Freudenberg (1906–1984), German historian and political figure
Prince Hubertus of Hohenlohe-Langenburg (born 1959), Mexican alpine skier
Prince Hubertus of Prussia (1909–1950), third son of Crown Prince Wilhelm of Germany and Duchess Cecilie of Mecklenburg-Schwerin
Prince Hubertus of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha (disambiguation)
Other
Hubertus Antonius van der Aa (1935–2017), Dutch mycologist
Hubertus Albers (born 1965), German comedian
Hubertus von Amelunxen (born 1958), Swiss art historian
Hubertus C.M. Baargarst (1909–1985), Dutch boxer with the pseudonym Huub Huizenaar
Hubertus Bernardus “Huub” Bals (1937–1988), Dutch founder of the International Film Festival Rotterdam
Hubertus Bengsch (born 1952), German actor
Hubertus J.A. "Huub" Bertens (born 1960), Dutch bridge player
Hubertus Christiaan "Hubert" de Blanck (1856–1932), Dutch-born Cuban pianist and composer
Hubertus von Bonin (1911–1943), German World War II fighter ace
Hubertus Brandenburg (1923–2009), German Roman Catholic Bishop emeritus of Stockholm
Hubertus Czernin (1956–2006), Austrian investigative journalist
Hubertus Ernst (1917–2017), Dutch Roman Catholic Bishop
Hubertus-Maria Ritter von Heigl (1897–1985), German general during World War II
Hubertus Goltzius (1526–1583), Flemish painter, engraver, and printer
Hubertus Grimani (1562–1651), Dutch painter
Hubertus Heil (born 1972), German politician
Hubertus Hitschhold (1912–1966), German general during World War II
Hubertus Hoffmann (born 1955), German journalist, media manager and investor
Hubertus van Hove (1814–1865), Dutch painter
Hubertus K.G. "Huub" Jansen (born 1962), Dutch cricket umpire
Hubertus Knabe (born 1959), German historian
Hubertus Lambriex (born 1960), Dutch sailor
Hubertus Lamey (1896–1981), German general during World War II
Hubertus Johannes van Mook (1894–1965), Dutch administrator in the East Indies
Hubertus M. Mühlhäuser (born 1969), German business person
Hubertus Naich (c.1513–c.1546), Flemish composer active in Rome
Hubertus G.J.H. "Huub" Oosterhuis (born 1933), Dutch theologian and poet
Hubertus von Pilgrim (born 1931), German sculptor, printmaker, and medallist
Hubertus Primus (born 1955), German lawyer, journalist and manager
Hubertus Quellinus (1619–1687), Flemish printmaker, draughtsman and painter
Hubertus Regout (born 1969), Belgian-born German actor
Hubertus Reulandt (1590–1661), Luxembourgish printer
Hubertus "Huub" Rothengatter (born 1954), Dutch racing driver
Hubertus Schmidt (born 1959), German equestrian
Hubertus W.J.M. "Huub" Stapel (born 1954), Dutch actor
Hubertus K.G. "Huub" Stevens (born 1953), Dutch football player and manager
Hubertus Strughold (1898–1986), German-born American physiologist and Nazi physician
Hubertus van der Vaart (born 1955), Dutch American business person
Hubertus Zilverberg (born 1939), Dutch road bicycle racer
Fictional characters
Hubertus Bigend, a character in the novel Pattern Recognition
Other
Hubertus, Wisconsin, United States
International Order of St. Hubertus, knightly hunting organization
Subaru Legacy Hubertus 2, a trim level offered on the German-spec Subaru Legacy wagon starting in 1992
Hubertus Spring, spring in the Harz Mountains in Germany
Dutch masculine given names
German masculine given names
Latin masculine given names
Eneas is a barrio in the municipality of San Sebastián, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 996.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the combined population of Magos and Eneas barrios was 1,003.
Sectors
Barrios (which are roughly comparable to minor civil divisions) in turn are further subdivided into smaller local populated place areas/units called sectores (sectors in English). The types of sectores may vary, from normally sector to urbanización to reparto to barriada to residencial, among others.
The following sectors are in Eneas barrio:
, and .
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
List of barrios and sectors of San Sebastián, Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of San Sebastián, Puerto Rico
Lao Central Airlines Public Company, operating as Lao Central Airlines, was an airline in Laos with its head office in Wattayyaithong Village, Sikhottabong District, Vientiane. The airline was founded in 2010, and ceased operations in 2014.
It was the first private airline in Laos and offered premium and budget seats. The name change from Phongsavanh Airlines to Lao Central Airlines was meant to raise awareness for the airline as Lao-owned in international market. The airline is owned by the Phongsavanh group, a Lao company engaged in international trading, timber, hospitality, telecommunications, banking, and security products and services. The airline hired PricewaterhouseCoopers for management consultancy services to ensure adherence to international aviation standards. The airline was the second biggest among Lao airline operators in terms of fleet size.
History
as Phongsavanh Airlines
Lao Capricorn Air Company was sold to Phongsavanh Airlines Public Company headed by Lao magnate Od Phongsavanh, which effectively took control of the airline in January 2010. After the takeover, the airline's name was changed to Phongsavanh Airlines to align with Phongsavanh Bank and became part of the Phongsavanh Group of Companies.
as Lao Central Airlines
In 2012, Phongsavanh Airlines was rebranded as Lao Central Airlines.
Suspension of services and future of airline
Lao Central Airlines cancelled its Bangkok services in December 2013 due to the political unrest in Bangkok, and Luang Prabang services were suspended in July 2014 to allow for restructuring.
The airline announced it would be resuming flights mid 2015 under a new owner, however, in December 2014 it was announced that the two Sukhoi SSJ 100 made for Lao Central Airlines were to be transferred to the Russian Federation Presidential Office putting in doubt the ability of the company to resume services.
As of October 2016, there has still been no announcement on if and when services will resume.
Ownership
The airline was owned by Od Phongsavanh, the owner of Phongsavanh Bank, a private bank in Laos.
Destinations
Previously Lao Central Airlines flew to the following locations:
Laos
Vientiane — Base
Luang Prabang — Branch Office
Thailand
Bangkok
Lao Central Airlines previously announced that it will service the following destinations once it resumes operations in mid 2015; to Luang Prabang (Laos), Bangkok, Hanoi (Vietnam), Phnom Penh (Cambodia), Naypyidaw (Myanmar), Kuala Lumpur (Malaysia) and other cities.
Fleet
This is a list of Lao Central Airlines fleet when it was active.
References
External links
Lao Central Airlines
Defunct airlines of Laos
Airlines established in 2010
Airlines disestablished in 2014
Vientiane
Companies of Laos
Fleming County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2010 census, the population was 14,348. Its county seat is Flemingsburg. The county was formed in 1798 and named for Colonel John Fleming, an Indian fighter and early settler. It is a moist county.
In 1998, the Kentucky General Assembly designated Fleming County as the Covered Bridge Capital of Kentucky.
History
Fleming County was established in 1798 from land given by Mason County. The first courthouse, possibly built of logs, was replaced in 1830 and again in 1952.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.8%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Mason County (north)
Lewis County (northeast)
Rowan County (southeast)
Bath County (south)
Nicholas County (west)
Robertson County (northwest)
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 13,792 people, 5,367 households, and 3,966 families residing in the county. The population density was 39 people per square mile (15/km2). There were 6,120 housing units at an average density of 17 per square mile (7/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 97.33% White, 1.41% Black or African American, 0.14% Native American, 0.17% Asian, 0.28% from other races, and 0.67% from two or more races. 0.75% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 5,367 households, out of which 34.80% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.30% were married couples living together, 9.60% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.10% were non-families. 23.30% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.00% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 2.99.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.40% under the age of 18, 8.40% from 18 to 24, 29.00% from 25 to 44, 23.90% from 45 to 64, and 13.40% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 96.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.20 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $27,990, and the median income for a family was $33,300. Males had a median income of $26,463 versus $19,895 for females. The per capita income for the county was $14,214. About 14.80% of families and 18.60% of the population were below the poverty line, including 24.90% of those under age 18 and 20.10% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
Communities
Cities
Ewing
Flemingsburg
Census-designated place
Elizaville
Unincorporated communities
Bald Hill
Beechburg
Blue Bank
Colfax
Concord
Cowan
Craintown
Dalesburg
Fairview
Foxport
Fox Valley
Goddard
Grange City
Hillsboro
Hilltop
Johnson Junction
Mount Carmel
Muse Mills
Nepton
Pleasureville
Plummers Landing
Poplar Grove
Poplar Plains
Ringos Mills
Sherburne
Tilton
Wallingford
Notable residents
Herman Chittison, jazz pianist
Edward Alvin Clary, US Navy Medal Of Honor Recipient, 23 March 1910
Willis A. Gorman, Union Army general during the American Civil War, member of U.S. House of Representatives for Indiana, and territorial governor of Minnesota
Claiborne Fox Jackson, Pro-Confederate Missouri governor during the early part of the Civil War
Alvin Saunders, United States senator from Nebraska
Franklin Sousley, Iwo Jima flagraiser
See also
Moist county
National Register of Historic Places listings in Fleming County, Kentucky
References
External links
The Kentucky Highlands Project
Welcome to Fleming County
Kentucky counties
Counties of Appalachia
1798 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1798
Peel River, a watercourse that is part of the Namoi catchment within the Murray–Darling basin, is located in the North West Slopes and Plains district of New South Wales, Australia.
Course and features
The river rises on the northern slopes of the Liverpool Range, at the junction of the Great Dividing Range and Mount Royal Range, south of the village of Nundle, and flows generally north, west and north west and emerges into the Liverpool Plains near Tamworth. The Peel River is joined by thirteen tributaries, including the Cockburn River, and flows through Chaffey Dam before reaching its mouth at the confluence with the Namoi River; dropping over its course of .
From source to mouth, the river passes through or near the villages of Nundle, Woolomin and Piallamore.
The Peel River was first discovered by European settlers in 1818 by John Oxley and named by Oxley in honour of Sir Robert Peel, an important British politician at the time of its discovery by British settlers in Australia.
At Tamworth, the river is crossed by the Main North line via the heritage-listed Tamworth rail bridge, completed in 1882.
The famous Australian freshwater native fish Murray cod, Maccullochella peelii, was named after the Peel River by Major Mitchell, who sketched and scientifically described and named one of the numerous Murray cod their men caught from the river on their 1838 expedition.
See also
List of rivers of Australia
Rivers of New South Wales
References
External links
Rivers of New South Wales
Murray-Darling basin
New England (New South Wales)
Great Dividing Range
Sigmar Bieber (born 4 January 1968) is a retired German football midfielder.
References
1968 births
Living people
German footballers
FC Schalke 04 players
Wuppertaler SV players
FC Gütersloh 2000 players
Rot-Weiß Oberhausen players
Rot-Weiss Essen players
SC Westfalia Herne players
2. Bundesliga players
Association football midfielders
Sportspeople from Gelsenkirchen
Footballers from North Rhine-Westphalia
Isla de Muerta is the twelfth studio album by the melodic hard rock band Ten, released on 20 May 2015 by Rocktopia Records. The album is named after the mythical "Island of the Dead" from pirate legend. The album's cover was illustrated by Gaetano Di Falco. The band has released two singles (and lyric videos) from the album, for "Tell Me What to Do" and "This Love".
The album cover was illustrated by Gaetano Di Falco, who also illustrated the cover of the band's previous studio album Albion.
Track listing
All songs written by Gary Hughes.
European version (Rocktopia Records 003RTP)
(i) Buccaneers (Instrumental) / (ii) Dead Men Tell No Tales - 6:27
Tell Me What to Do - 4:15
Acquiesce - 4:45
This Love - 4:42
The Dragon and Saint George - 5:16
Intensify - 6:39
(i) Karnak (Instrumental) / (ii) The Valley of the Kings - 8:10
Revolution - 5:56
Angel of Darkness - 3:57
The Last Pretender - 6:40
We Can Be As One - 3:28 (European version bonus track)
Asian version (Avalon Records MICP-11210)
(i) Buccaneers (Instrumental) / (ii) Dead Men Tell No Tales - 6:27
Revolution - 5:56
Acquiesce - 4:45
The Dragon and Saint George - 5:16
Intensify - 6:39
This Love - 4:42
(i) Karnak (Instrumental) / (ii) The Valley of the Kings - 8:10
Tell Me What to Do - 4:15
Angel of Darkness - 3:57
The Last Pretender - 6:40
Assault And Battery - 4:52 (Japanese version bonus track)
Personnel
Gary Hughes – vocals, guitars, backing vocals
Dann Rosingana – lead guitars
Steve Grocott - lead guitars
John Halliwell – rhythm guitars
Darrel Treece-Birch – keyboards, programming
Steve Mckenna – bass guitar
Max Yates – drums and percussion
Production
Written and produced by Gary Hughes
Mixing and mastering by Dennis Ward
Concepts
The song "The Dragon and Saint George" is based on the legend of Saint George who slayed the dragon and saved the city of Silene.
"Revolution" is a recounting of the story of the French Revolution.
"Karnak/The Valley of the Kings" is a song about the Curse of the pharaohs during the discovery of the tomb of Tutankhamun in The Valley of the Kings.
Chart positions
References
Ten (band) albums
2015 albums
Guy Carleton may refer to:
Guy Carleton (bishop) (1605–1685), Anglican bishop
Guy Carleton, 1st Baron Dorchester (1724–1808), Irish soldier and early Governor of Canada
Guy Carleton (general), (1857-1946), United States Army major general
See also
Guy Carleton Wiggins (1883–1962), American landscape painter
Penang rummy or si rummy is a variant of the rummy card game. The word si in Penang Hokkien language means 'dead'. It reflects the nature of the card game, where the hand is dead, with no drawing of new cards or exchanging of cards, throughout the whole game.
Object
The basic concept is the same as most Rummy games is to form melds, eliminating deadwood cards. "Deadwood" cards are those that do not form part of a meld. They are undesirable and counted towards players' points at the end of each game. The objective is had fewer points the opponents.
The game
Penang Rummy is played with 2 standard 52-card packs of playing cards plus 6 jokers as wildcards. A total of 110 cards is used. Sometimes 8 jokers are used instead of 6.
The ideal number of players is 4. Sometimes a game can commence with 3 players, in which case each player will receive more cards to begin with. A two-handed game is rarely played, and for five or more players an additional pack of cards is used.
Dealing
The first dealer is determined randomly. Subsequent dealers change from game to game. Two basic systems are used to determine the dealer. In a game where points are not recorded, the player with the highest points in the last game (the worst loser) will deal. They are deemed to "pay a small forfeit" by doing a service for all by taking up the task of dealing the cards.
In a game where points are recorded, the player who won the last game will deal. They are deemed to have benefited from the last game, especially when money is at stake, and hence should provide a service to all by doing the task of dealing as a gesture of appreciation.
The dealer starts the dealing with the player to their left. This goes on in a clockwise manner, until each player receives 20 cards. In a 3-player game, each player will receive 25 cards instead of 20. The remaining cards are put aside and play no further role in the game.
Play
The game starts with the player on the left of the dealer, and goes on in clockwise manner. On each turn, player must take at least 1 action of either melding or laying off. They can of course decide to do both. A player, however, cannot skip their turn.
There is no upper limit in number of actions a player can take per turn. For example, a player may decide to make 2 melds, then lay off 1 card to an existing run and lay off 2 cards to an existing set, all in a single turn. In each game, a player must first do a meld, before he/she can do any lay-offs. The first meld in a game is called a "passport".
Note that Penang Rummy or Si Rummy does not have the action of drawing a card or discarding unwanted cards. This is the distinctive feature of this Rummy variant.
Melding
If a player has 3 or more cards that meet the criteria of a "run" or a "set" below, they may meld by laying these cards, face up, in front of them. The melds are like typical Rummy games:
"Runs" of 3 or more cards in sequence, of the same suit. For example, 3♥-4♥-5♥-6♥. Aces can be played low as in A-2-3-4-5; or high as in 10-J-Q-K-A. However, the run is not continued after high Ace, i.e. J-Q-K-A-2-3 is not allowed. So the maximum length of a run is 14 cards (A-2-3-4-5-6-7-8-9-10-J-Q-K-A).
"Sets" of 3 or more cards sharing the same rank. For example, 8♥-8♥-8♣-8♠. Note that, unlikely many other Rummy rules, duplicate of suit is allowed in a same set. So, theoretically, a set can have a maximum of 14 cards (8 normal cards plus 6 wildcards).
Laying off
A player may also choose to "lay off" some cards on an existing meld. This means that if a player can add to a run or a set that is in front of them or any of the other players, they may do so.
For an existing meld of 3♥-4♥-5♥-6♥, another card of 2♥ or 7♥ can be added, thereby continuing the run in either direction. For an existing meld of 8♥-8♥-8♣-8♠, another card of 8♠ or 8♦ can be added to the set.
There is no limit in number of additional card a player can add to a run or set in a turn.
Scoring
Game rules
Wildcard substitution
A player may substitute a wildcard on table (in a run or set) with a card in their hand, provided the card fits. They can then keep the wildcard for future use.
Wildcard Substitution is not counted as an action. So a player must still take one other action of either melding or laying off, after they perform a wildcard substitution, if they have not done so for that turn.
There is no limit how many wildcards a player can substitute in a turn.
Passport
At the beginning of each game, it is mandatory for a player to play a meld before anything else. This first meld is called a "passport". Failing to do so result in an instant "Dead", and sitting out for the rest of that game round. There is no point requirement for passport meld, unlike other Rummy rules. A lay-off cannot be used as a passport. In addition, wildcard substitution cannot be carried before a player has a passport.
Failing to obtain a passport is a rare occurrence, given the large number of cards in hand, large number of wildcards, and relatively low requirement of a passport. Player considers oneself to be really unlucky if failing to obtain a passport.
Declare Dead
When a player can neither meld nor lay-off when it comes to their turn, they have to Declare "Dead". The game still goes on for the rest of the players, but the player participates no further in the rest of that game.
The effect is that the player can no longer reduce deadwoods in their hand, and therefore stuck with all the points in the dead hand. Even subsequently when there are new melds that the player could have been able to lay off more cards, they cannot do so because they are out of the game. So it is desirable to delay declaring "Dead" as much as possible. In other words, players try very hard to keep their hand alive.
It is not unusual to see player laying off 3-of-a-kind of Aces in their hand one-by-one, if there is already another existing set of Aces on the table. This helps to keep the hand alive for 3 more rounds. It is also a common strategy not to meld if one does not have to. Melding helps to keep other players alive, which is not desirable for oneself.
It is worth noting that the most tragic type of "Dead" declaration is failing to get a "passport" right from the beginning. In other words, the player does not even get a chance to play in that game round.
Declare Game
When a player has gotten rid of all of their cards, they declare "Game" and win the hand. This is the same as "Going Out" or "Knocking" in other Rummy variants. All other players start to total up the points of their deadwoods, which may include any wildcards. They cannot play on even though they still have melds or lay-offs that they can play in hand.
A player's attempt to keep their hand alive can backfire badly if another player suddenly declares "Game". The biggest satisfaction is to catch your opponent holding several wildcards (therefore high points) in his/her hand when one declares "Game".
Note that in Penang Rummy, it is not unusual to have no one declares "Game". Instead, many games end up with 4 players declaring "Dead". Therefore, the more realistic strategy is to minimise points in your hand when declaring "Dead".
See also
Conquian
Continental (card game)
Penang
Malaysian culture
Rummy
Văcăreni is a commune in Tulcea County, Northern Dobruja, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Văcăreni. This belonged to Luncavița Commune until 2003, when it was split off.
Southwest of Văcăreni, there is a 218 metres tall guyed mast for FM-/TV-broadcasting and a wind farm is planned.
References
Communes in Tulcea County
Localities in Northern Dobruja
z/OS File System (zFS) is a POSIX-style hierarchical file system for IBM's z/OS operating system for z System mainframes, a successor to that operating system's HFS.
zFS technology was first released in 1995 as the Local File System, a lower layer of the DCE Distributed File System. It was available on MVS/ESA V5R2.2 and all OS/390 releases. DFS/LFS was provided as a part of the DCE feature, not part of the base operating system.
As a separate feature (outside the DCE feature), zFS was initially released for z/OS as PTFs (patches) for z/OS 1.2, with backports available for z/OS 1.1 and OS/390 2.10. Beginning with z/OS 1.3, zFS is included as a standard feature and is being actively developed.
References
External links
z/OS Distributed File Service zSeries File System Implementation
Disk file systems
IBM file systems
IBM mainframe operating systems
The 1986 Pan American Women's Handball Championship was the first edition of the Pan American Women's Handball Championship, held in Brazil from 20 to 25 August 1985. It acted as the American qualifying tournament for the 1986 World Women's Handball Championship.
Standings
Results
Results are:
References
External links
Results on todor66.com
1986 Women
American Women's Handball Championship
American Women's Handball Championship
Pan
August 1985 sports events in South America
The Roman Catholic Church in Rwanda is composed of 1 ecclesiastical territory with 7 suffragan dioceses.
List of dioceses
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Kigali
Diocese of Butare
Diocese of Cyangugu
Diocese of Gikongoro
Diocese of Kabgayi
Diocese of Kibungo
Diocese of Nyundo
Diocese of Ruhengeri
Diocese of Byumba
External links
Catholic-Hierarchy entry.
GCatholic.org.
Rwanda
Catholic dioceses
Shenguiyeh-ye Pain (, also Romanized as Shengū'īyeh-ye Pā'īn; also known as Shengūyeh-ye Soflá) is a village in Jowzam Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 17, in 4 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Rangsan Roobmoh () is a Thai retired footballer.
Roobmoh has previously played for Pattaya United in Thai Premier League.
References
Profile at Thaipremierleague.co.th
Profile at Thai Soccer Net
Rangsan Roobmoh`s Facebookpage
1982 births
Living people
Rangsan Roobmoh
Rangsan Roobmoh
Rangsan Roobmoh
Rangsan Roobmoh
Rangsan Roobmoh
Rangsan Roobmoh
Association football forwards
F.J. "Jack" Ramsay (born August 23, 1937) is a former Reform Party of Canada member of the House of Commons of Canada and former Royal Canadian Mounted Police officer. They were later convicted for indecent assault for actions during their time as an officer.
Western Canada Concept
Ramsay took over the leadership of the Western Canada Concept, a party that advocated the separation of western Canada to form an independent nation, at the end of 1982. They acted as its leader until 1987, the year they joined the Reform Party. In April 1982, the party's executive drew up a Statement of Independence which committed any future WCC government to "prepare for independence in a peaceful and democratic manner". While the WCC under Ramsay's leadership had a brief period when it pursued a Triple E Senate as an alternative to outright independence, in late 1986 Ramsay declared the WCC would revert to its Western separatist goals. Only two years after making this renewed commitment to Western separatism as WCC leader, they joined the new Reform Party.
Reform Party
Ramsay first ran as a Reform candidate in the staunchly conservative riding of Crowfoot in the 1988 election. They did surprisingly well in the riding, coming in second to Progressive Conservative Arnold Malone by 7,685 votes, which at that time had been the narrowest margin of victory by any winner in the history of the riding. It was also the best showing of any Reform Party candidate.
Malone retired before the 1993 federal election, and Ramsay ran again for the Reform Party. This time they won a resounding victory, owing partly to the collapse of the Tories throughout western Canada. They finished some 17,000 votes ahead of their nearest opponent. They were re-elected in the 1997 election.
They served as the party's Justice Critic from 1996 until 1998, and as Citizenship and Immigration Critic from 1998 until 2000.
Criminal charges
On November 24, 1999, Ramsay was convicted of attempted rape of a 14-year-old Cree girl, committed while they were an RCMP officer in Pelican Narrows 30 years previously. While questioning the girl as a crime victim, they had asked them to physically demonstrate their understanding of the concept of sexual intercourse.
They were sentenced to nine months imprisonment. The Reform Party voted to remove them from caucus the following morning, although they refused to resign their seat in the House of Commons on the grounds that they had not yet been sentenced and continued to protest their innocence of the crime. They subsequently appealed the conviction, and a new trial was ordered due to errors in the judge's instructions to the jury. Their removal from the Reform Party caucus was also suspended pending the outcome of the appeal.
They continued to sit as a member of the Reform Party, and its successor the Canadian Alliance, until April 5, 2000, when they faced new criminal allegations related to a separate incident in which Ramsay was alleged to have confined a 15-year-old girl and made threats of a sexual nature. They then sat as an "Independent Canadian Alliance" member from April 6, 2000 until June 27, 2000, at which point their membership in the party was terminated. They sat as an independent Member of Parliament until that Parliament was dissolved.
Ramsay's trial on the unlawful confinement charges began in May 2000. They were acquitted on these charges two days later.
Ramsay ran in the 2000 federal election as an independent candidate, but was overwhelmingly defeated by Canadian Alliance candidate Kevin Sorenson.
In the retrial on the original charges, Ramsay pleaded guilty in October 2001 to a lesser charge of indecent assault, and was sentenced to one year's probation and community service. They subsequently sued the RCMP, the Attorney General of Saskatchewan and the Attorney General of Canada for malicious prosecution.
References
External links
1937 births
Living people
Members of the House of Commons of Canada from Alberta
Reform Party of Canada MPs
Canadian Alliance MPs
20th-century Canadian politicians
Independent MPs in the Canadian House of Commons
Royal Canadian Mounted Police officers
People convicted of indecent assault
People from Biggar, Saskatchewan
Canadian people of Scottish descent
Western Canada Concept politicians
Canadian politicians convicted of crimes
Western Canadian separatists
Jair Pereira Rodríguez (born 7 July 1986) is a Mexican professional footballer who plays as a centre-back.
Club career
Tampico Madero
Arose from the reserve side of Tampico Madero where they joined in 2004, playing in Ascenso MX debut in the first team on 15 September 2007 at the Tiburones Rojos de Coatzacoalcos.
Cruz Azul
After having played with Cruz Azul's reserve side, Pereira made their professional debut in the Liga MX in the Apertura 2011 under coach Enrique Meza as a starter against C.F. Pachuca August 3, 2011. They played all the Clausura 2012 season and as a permanent fixture forming a solid defense with Nestor Araujo On February 4, 2012, they scored their first goal against Chiapas F.C. in a winning 2–0 confrontation. On April 24, 2012, they scored their second goal against Club America in a 2–2 draw; they were sent off with a red card later in the match.
Guadalajara
On December 12, 2013, they signed with C.D. Guadalajara with a reported US$3 million transfer fee. They scored their first goal during the 2014 Apertura season against Club Universidad de Guadalajara in a 3–0 win.
Querétaro
On 27 June 2019, Pereira joined Querétaro FC.
International career
Career statistics
International
Honours
Cruz Azul
Copa MX: Clausura 2013
Guadalajara
Liga MX: Clausura 2017
Copa MX: Apertura 2015, Clausura 2017
Supercopa MX: 2016
CONCACAF Champions League: 2018
See also
List of people from Morelos, Mexico
References
External links
Image
1986 births
Living people
Mexico international footballers
Association football defenders
Footballers from Morelos
People from Cuautla
Tampico Madero F.C. footballers
Cruz Azul footballers
C.D. Guadalajara footballers
Querétaro F.C. footballers
Liga MX players
Ascenso MX players
2013 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
2017 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
Mexican footballers
Alex Matthiessen (born July 3, 1964) is an environmentalist and lives in New York City.  They are the son of author and naturalist Peter Matthiessen.
Biography
Mr. Matthiessen graduated from the University of California at Santa Cruz in 1988 with a BA in Biology and Environmental Studies, and earned their Masters of Public Administration from the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University in 1995.
Matthiessen began their activist career in 1990 as the grassroots program director for the Rainforest Action Network in San Francisco. In this capacity, they organized and managed an international network of affiliate activist groups. During the summer of 1994, they interned at the White House Council on Environmental Quality. From 1995-96, Matthiessen worked for the Harvard Institute for International Development (HIID) as a macroeconomic policy analyst in the Indonesian Ministry of Finance.
In 1997, Matthiessen was appointed as a special assistant to the U.S. Department of the Interior, where they worked on matters of special importance for Interior Secretary Bruce Babbitt. They managed a multi-agency task force charged with reforming the hydropower licensing process of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. They were also co-creator and head of the Green Energy Parks initiative, a joint program between the Department of the Interior's National Park Service and the Department of Energy, which promotes renewable and energy efficient technology throughout the national park system. Matthiessen received a Presidential Award from the White House for their work on this project.
Matthiessen was Riverkeeper's chief executive from 2000 to 2010 and served on the organization's board of directors during that time. Under their direction, Riverkeeper—an environmental non-profit that protects and defends the Hudson River and the New York City watershed—maintained a full-time patrol boat enforcement presence up and down the Hudson River and its tributaries, and extended its principal jurisdiction from north of Albany to New York Harbor. In addition to strengthening the group's traditional enforcement role, Matthiessen pushed the organization to develop long-term, preventative strategies designed to strengthen the deterrents and incentives necessary to avoid pollution.
Under Matthiessen's leadership, Riverkeeper joined forces with institutions such as Lamont–Doherty Earth Observatory, Columbia University School of Law, and Columbia Graduate School of Architecture, Planning and Preservation, to enhance scientific understanding of the Hudson River, as well as stop what it views as ill-conceived development projects along the waterfront.
In 2006, Matthiessen served on New York State Governor Eliot Spitzer's transition team as an advisor on the new administration's goals for energy and environmental policy. They also served as chair of the energy committee for Westchester County's Climate Change Task Force as well as chair of the MTA Blue Ribbon Commission on Sustainability's water committee. Matthiessen also served on the boards of directors of the Hudson River Improvement Fund, Governor's Island Preservation and Education Corporation (GIPEC), and Waterkeeper Alliance—the umbrella organization for over 190 Waterkeeper programs around the world dedicated to protecting local water resources. They currently serve on the board of the Catskill Mountainkeeper.
In July, 2010, Matthiessen started an environmental consulting firm, Matthiessen Strategies, based in New York City, with clients in New York, Massachusetts, and Vancouver.
References
1964 births
Living people
American environmentalists
Harvard Kennedy School alumni
Activists from New York (state)
University of California, Santa Cruz alumni
Harvard Institute for International Development
Jan Jensen is a Danish lightweight rower. They won a gold medal at the 1981 World Rowing Championships in Munich with the lightweight men's eight.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Danish male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Denmark
Living people
Dipivefrine (INN) or dipivefrin (USAN), trade name Propine among others, is a prodrug of epinephrine, and is used to treat open-angle glaucoma. It is available as a 0.1% ophthalmic solution. It is no longer available in the United States.
Contraindications
Use in narrow-angle glaucoma may be dangerous because it could make the eye susceptible to an attack of angle closure, causing an increase in pressure and pain, and possibly loss of vision.
Side effects
The most common side effects of dipivefrine are burning, stinging and other irritations of the eye. Possible, but uncommon, side effects are those of epinephrine: tachycardia (fast heartbeat), hypertension (high blood pressure) and arrhythmias (irregular heartbeat).
Pharmacology
Dipivefrine penetrates the cornea and is then hydrolysed to epinephrine by esterase enzymes. It increases outflow of the aqueous humour and also reduces its formation (mediated by its action on α1 and α2 receptors), thus reducing pressure inside the eye. It also increases the conductivity of trabecular filtering cells (a β2 receptor mediated action). It is preferred to epinephrine because it is longer acting, more consistent in its action and better tolerated.
References
Alpha-1 adrenergic receptor agonists
Alpha-2 adrenergic receptor agonists
Beta-adrenergic agonists
Catechol ethers
Catecholamines
Ophthalmology drugs
Phenylethanolamines
Pivalate esters
Prodrugs
Kalman's conjecture or Kalman problem is a disproved conjecture on absolute stability of
nonlinear control system with one scalar nonlinearity, which belongs to the sector of linear stability. Kalman's conjecture is a strengthening of Aizerman's conjecture
and is a special case of Markus–Yamabe conjecture. This conjecture was proven false but led to the (valid) sufficient criteria on absolute stability.
Mathematical statement of Kalman's conjecture (Kalman problem)
In 1957 R. E. Kalman in their paper
stated the following:
If f(e) in Fig. 1 is replaced by constants K corresponding to all possible values of f'(e), and it is found that the closed-loop system is stable for all such K, then it intuitively clears that the system must be monostable; i.e., all transient solutions will converge to a unique, stable critical point.
Kalman's statement can be reformulated in the following conjecture:
Consider a system with one scalar nonlinearitywhere P is a constant n×n matrix, q, r are constant n-dimensional vectors, ∗ is an operation of transposition, f(e) is scalar function, and f(0) = 0. Suppose, f(e) is a differentiable function and the following condition
is valid. Then Kalman's conjecture is that the system is stable in the large (i.e. a unique stationary point is a global attractor) if all linear systems with f(e) = ke, k ∈ (k1, k2) are asymptotically stable.
In Aizerman's conjecture in place of the condition on the derivative of nonlinearity it is required that the nonlinearity itself belongs to the linear sector.
Kalman's conjecture is true for n ≤ 3 and for n > 3 there are effective methods for construction of counterexamples: the nonlinearity derivative belongs to the sector of linear stability, and a unique stable equilibrium coexists with a stable periodic solution (hidden oscillation).
In discrete-time, the Kalman conjecture is only true for n=1, counterexamples for n ≥ 2 can be constructed.
References
Further reading
External links
Analytical-numerical localization of hidden oscillation in counterexamples to Aizerman's and Kalman's conjectures
Discrete-time counterexample in Maplecloud
Disproved conjectures
Nonlinear control
Hidden oscillation
