The South African Railways Class 17 4-8-0TT of 1926 was a steam locomotive from the pre-Union era in the Natal Colony.
Between 1926 and 1929, to address a shortage of suitable shunting locomotives, the South African Railways rebuilt twenty-one Class A 4-8-2 Mountain type tank steam locomotives to Class 17 4-8-0 Mastodon type tank-and-tender locomotives.
Manufacturers
The Natal Government Railways (NGR) Class D 4-8-2T Mountain type tank locomotive was designed by William Milne, the locomotive superintendent of the NGR from 1877 to 1896, and built by Dübs and Company. One hundred of these locomotives were delivered in ten batches by Dübs between 1888 and 1899 and in 1915 another two were built from spare parts by the South African Railways (SAR) in their Durban shops.
Belpaire firebox
Beginning in 1905, these NGR Class D locomotives, originally known on the NGR as the "Dübs A", were gradually reboilered and fitted with Belpaire fireboxes with wider firegrates. The unmodified locomotives were then designated NGR Class D1 while the modified locomotives with Belpaire fireboxes were designated Class D2.
In SAR service, the NGR Class D1 and D2 were both designated Class A in 1912 while the modified locomotives were referred to as Class A Belpaire.
Rebuilding
When a shortage of suitable shunting locomotives developed in the 1920s as a result of increasing traffic throughout the country and particularly on the Witwaters­rand, the SAR modified twenty-one of the Class A Belpaire Mountain type tank loco­mo­tives.
The modifications were done between 1926 and 1929 and consisted of the removal of their trailing bissel bogies and coal bunkers, the shortening of their main frames and the addition of tenders to increase their coal and water capacity, thereby converting them to 4-8-0 Mastodon type tank-and-tender locomotives.
Tenders from various scrapped locomotive types were used. The tender depicted in the main picture is a three-axle tender while the official SAR locomotive diagram depicts a tender with four axles on two bogies.
Service
These rebuilt 4-8-2TT locomotives were reclassified to and renumbered in the range from 1415 to 1435. They were employed as shunting engines around Durban, Pietermaritzburg and Port Elizabeth and gave more than thirty years service in this format. In October 1957 Pietermaritzburg's last two Class 17s were transferred from Masons Mill to Greyville near Durban. The locomotives were all withdrawn from service by 1961, more than seventy years after the first Class A locomotive was built.
In November 1953 two of these locomotives, numbers 1423 and 1431, were purchased by the Zambezi Saw Mills Company for use on their Livingstone-Mulobezi logging railway in Northern Rhodesia. These two engines were scrapped between 1961 and 1963.
Work numbers and renumbering
References
1960
1960
4-8-0 locomotives
2D locomotives
Dübs locomotives
SAR locomotives
Cape gauge railway locomotives
Railway locomotives introduced in 1926
1926 in South Africa
Scrapped locomotives
Alcamarinayoc (possibly from Aymara and Quechua allqamari mountain caracara) or Colque Cruz (possibly from Aymara and Quechua qullqi money, silver, Spanish cruz cross) is a mountain in the Vilcanota mountain range in the Andes of Peru. It is situated in the Cusco Region, Quispicanchi Province, Ocongate District. Alcamarinayoc lies northwest of the peak of Chumpe, north of Quevesere and northeast of Ichhu Ananta.
First Ascent
Colque Cruz was first climbed by Craig Merrihue, William Hooker, Steven Jervis, Earle Whipple (USA) 14 August 1957.
Elevation
Other data from available digital elevation models: SRTM yields 6069 metres, ASTER 6050 metres and TanDEM-X 6111 metres. The height of the nearest key col is 4792 meters, leading to a topographic prominence of 1310 meters. Colque Cruz is considered a Mountain Subrange according to the Dominance System and its dominance is 21.47%. Its parent peak is Callangate and the Topographic isolation is 7.9 kilometers.
References
Mountains of Peru
Mountains of Cusco Region
Glaciers of Peru
Six-thousanders of the Andes
Manipur International Polo or Manipur Polo International is an annual international polo sports competition organised in Imphal, the capital city of Manipur. The main venue is Imphal Polo Ground (), the oldest pologround in the world. It is organized under the aegis of the Manipur Horse Riding and Polo Association (MHRPA) in the aim to popularize the game across India and the world. Several nations including Argentina, Australia, Canada, Egypt, France, Germany, Haiti, India, Kenya, Mongolia, Morocco, Poland, South Africa, Thailand, United Kingdom, Uruguay and United States participate in the championship competing with the team of players from Manipur. Notably, team for India is named "INDIA-A" team (represented by Indian Polo Association) and team for Manipur is named "INDIA-B" team (represented by MHRPA).
References
Polo in Manipur
Polo in India
Trilobopsis loricata is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae.
Subspecies
Trilobopsis loricata lowei (Pilsbry, 1925)
Trilobopsis loricata mariposa Pilsbry, 1940
Trilobopsis loricata nortensis (Berry, 1933)
Trilobopsis loricata perforata Pilsbry, 1940
Trilobopsis loricata sonomaensis (Hemphill, 1911)
References
Polygyridae
Armata Neagră () was an organized anti-Soviet group in the Moldovan SSR (Bessarabia).
Activity
Armata Neagră was formed in 1949 as an organized anti-Soviet group in Bessarabia. Teodor Coşcodan, Ion Ganea, Vasile Plaşca, Simion Alexa, Gavril Bodiu, Gheorghe Bogatu, Ion Coşcodan, Hariton Ciolpan, Pavel Caţer, Mihail Jardan, Grigore Iovu, Grigore Herţa, Maria Buruiană were important members of the clandestine organization. In July 1950, the organization had 50 active members.
Bibliography
Elena Postică, "Armata Neagră". Organizaţie patriotică de rezistenţă sau "bandă teroristă antisovietică", Ţara, 1995, 10 ianuarie [= în Destin Românesc, 1996, 4, p. 73-84]
References
External links
Maria Buruiană – parte a Armateri Negre în lupta antisovietică
Anti-communism in Moldova
Anti-communist organizations
Clandestine groups
Moldavian Soviet Socialist Republic
Organizations disestablished in 1950
Organizations established in 1949
Ungheni District
Anti-communist resistance movements in Eastern Europe
Paramilitary organizations based in the Soviet Union
Linda Dillon (Irish: Líonda Diolún; born 5 August 1978) is an Irish Sinn Féin politician from Northern Ireland. They have been an MLA for Mid Ulster since 2016.
Originally elected as a Mid-Ulster councillor for the Torrent DEA (topping the poll with 14.8% of the total valid votes), they served as the inaugural chairperson of Mid-Ulster District Council since its inception in April 2015 and also sat on the Council's Development Committee until being elected to Stormont in May 2016.
As Martin McGuinness elected to run in the Foyle constituency in the 2016 Assembly election, Linda was then selected to replace them as a candidate in the Mid-Ulster constituency. They were elected with their two other party colleagues (Ian Milne and Michelle O'Neill) on the first count, amassing 5,833 votes (14.3%).
References
1978 births
Living people
Sinn Féin MLAs
Northern Ireland MLAs 2016–2017
Northern Ireland MLAs 2017–2022
Members of Mid Ulster District Council
Female members of the Northern Ireland Assembly
Women councillors in Northern Ireland
Northern Ireland MLAs 2022–2027
Graham Zanker (born 16 December 1947) is Emeritus Professor of Classics at the University of Canterbury and an affiliate at the University of Adelaide.
They have published widely on Hellenistic poetry and art, Homeric ethics, and Virgilian epic.
Education
Zanker received their B.A. from the University of Adelaide before proceeding to Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge, where they were awarded a Ph.D. in Classical Philology.
They have undertaken research at the universities of Cambridge, Oxford, Tübingen, Heidelberg, and Cincinnati, and been a resident scholar at the Fondation Hardt (Geneva), Center for Hellenic Studies, Institute of Classical Studies. They have also been an academic visitor at the Institute for Advanced Study.
Career
Zanker's first book, Realism in Alexandrian Poetry: A Literature and Its Audience (1987), was a groundbreaking investigation of the interrelation of Hellenistic poetry and art. Zanker then moved to Homeric ethics in The Heart of Achilles: Characterization and Personal Ethics in the Iliad (1994), amending the schematic view of the psychological drives behind the behavior of the Homeric heroes by (e.g.) focusing on the reconciliation scene between Achilles and Priam in Iliad 24. They then returned to the interaction of Hellenistic art and literature in Modes of Viewing in Hellenistic Poetry and Art (2004).
They have also translated Thomas Szlezak's Platon Lesen (Reading Plato, 2005), and authored an edition, translation, and commentary to Herodas' Mimiambs (2009).
Zanker is currently working on a collaboration on Ch. G. Heyne's De Genio Saeculi Ptolemaeorum (1763), establishing its place in modern concepts of Hellenistic civilization.
Selected publications
References
External links
Zanker at the University of Canterbury, including list of publications
Australian expatriates in the United Kingdom
University of Canterbury faculty
University of Adelaide alumni
Alumni of Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge
Australian classical scholars
Australian expatriates in New Zealand
1947 births
Living people
David F. Propst House is a historic home located near Maiden, Catawba County, North Carolina. It was built about 1887, and is a two-story, single pile, brick, vernacular Late Victorian style dwelling. It has an original one-story brick rear ell and a gable roof with boxed eaves.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Houses completed in 1887
Victorian architecture in North Carolina
Houses in Catawba County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Catawba County, North Carolina
Oona Castilla Chaplin (; born 4 June 1986) is a Spanish-Swiss actor. Them roles include Talisa Maegyr in the HBO TV series Game of Thrones, Kitty Trevelyan in the BBC drama The Crimson Field, and Zilpha Geary in the series Taboo.
A member of the Chaplin family, they are the daughter of actor Geraldine Chaplin, granddaughter of English filmmaker and actor Charlie Chaplin, and great-granddaughter of Irish-American playwright Eugene O'Neill. They were named after their maternal grandmother Oona O'Neill, Charlie Chaplin's fourth and final wife.
Early life
Chaplin was born in Madrid to English-American actor Geraldine Chaplin and Chilean cinematographer Patricio Castilla. They have a half-brother named Shane from their mother's previous relationship with film director Carlos Saura.
Chaplin's paternal grandmother is Mapuche. They spent their childhood mostly in Spain, the United Kingdom, Switzerland and Cuba, but travelled often because of their mother's film career. They started dancing ballet, salsa and flamenco at an early age.
When Chaplin was 15, they began studying at Gordonstoun School in Scotland on a drama scholarship. They appeared in several school plays; toured the United Kingdom in an adaptation of Romeo and Juliet; and impersonated their grandfather in the role of Bottom in an adaptation of A Midsummer Night's Dream at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe. After leaving Gordonstoun, they were accepted into the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in London, where they graduated in 2007.
Career
Since graduating from RADA, Chaplin has acted in mainly British and Spanish short and feature films. They have played alongside their mother in the feature films Inconceivable, ¿Para qué sirve un oso?, Imago Mortis and Anchor and Hope. They have also had supporting roles in British and American television. They appeared as a Brazilian cage dancer in ITV's Married Single Other (2010); as Marnie Madden, the wife of main character Hector Madden, in the BBC period drama The Hour (2011–2012); as John Watson's girlfriend in an episode of BBC's Sherlock (2012); and as Talisa Maegyr in HBO's Game of Thrones (2012–2013).
They play Kitty Trevelyan, a lead character, in the BBC drama The Crimson Field (2014), and Ira Levinson's wife Ruth Levinson in The Longest Ride (2015).
They star as Zilpha Geary in the eight-part historical fiction series Taboo (2017) on BBC One and FX.
Chaplin joined the cast of James Cameron's Avatar sequels in June 2017. Them character, Varang, is described as "a strong and vibrant central character who spans the entire saga of the sequels".
Ancestry
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
Oona Chaplin at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts
1986 births
Living people
Actresses from Madrid
Spanish people of English descent
Spanish people of Chilean descent
Spanish people of American descent
Spanish people of Irish descent
Spanish people of Mapuche descent
Spanish people of Romanian descent
Spanish television actores
Spanish film actores
Oona
21st-century Spanish actores
People educated at Gordonstoun
Alumni of the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art
Ballet dancers
Salsa dancers
Flamenco dancers
Rio Grande Ranger is a 1936 American Western film directed by Spencer Gordon Bennet and starring Robert Allen, Iris Meredith and Paul Sutton.
Partial cast
Robert Allen as Bob Allen aka 'Smoke'
Iris Meredith as Sandra Cullen
Paul Sutton as Jim Sayres
Hal Taliaferro as Ranger Hal Garrick
Robert 'Buzz' Henry as Buzzy Cullen
John Elliott as John Cullen
Tom London as Henchman Sneed
Slim Whitaker as Henchman Jack
Jack Rockwell as Ranger Captain Winkler
References
External links
1936 films
1936 Western (genre) films
1930s English-language films
American Western (genre) films
Columbia Pictures films
American black-and-white films
Films scored by Lee Zahler
Films directed by Spencer Gordon Bennet
1930s American films
The Zenyatta Stakes is a Grade II American Thoroughbred horse race for fillies and mares, age three and older the distance of one and one-sixteenth miles on the dirt scheduled annually in September at Santa Anita Park in Arcadia, California. The event currently carries a purse of $200,000.
History
The event was named after Hall of Famer Lady's Secret who had won the 1986 Breeders' Cup Distaff at Santa Anita Park.
The event was inaugurated on 11 October 1993 as the Lady's Secret Handicap and was won by the odds-on favorite Hollywood Wildcat who was ridden by US Hall of Fame jockey Eddie Delahoussaye in a time of 1:41.05. In their following start Hollywood Wildcat won the Breeders' Cup Distaff at Santa Anita Park. The following year Hollywood Wildcat repeated their victory leading all the way to a comfortable length margin.
After two runnings of the event was classified by the American Graded Stakes Committee as Grade III and was upgraded to Grade II status in 1996. In 2007 the event was upgraded to Grade I.
After the 2009 running, it was announced that the race would be renamed the Zenyatta Stakes, on the assumption that Zenyatta (who had won the race in 2008 and 2009) would retire at the end of 2009. That change, however, was held off for 2010 at the behest of the mare's connections. For 2010, it was again run as the Lady's Secret Stakes because Zenyatta was in the field, winning the race for the third time. The race was again run as the Lady's Secret Stakes in 2011 but was then run under its new name in 2012.
Beholder was able to equal Zenyatta's record of winning the event three times in 2015. After winning the 2012 Breeders' Cup Juvenile Fillies at Santa Anita, Beholder won this event as a three-year-old before winning the Breeders' Cup Distaff which also was held at Santa Anita. After winning this event in 2014 and 2015 Beholder did not enter the Breeder's Cup. In the 2016 running of the event, Beholder ran for the fourth time and was beaten by a nose by Stellar Wind, however they turned the tables winning the Breeders' Cup Distaff for a second time in their last career start.
In 2019 the event was downgraded to Grade II.
Records
Speed record:
1:40.30 - Zenyatta (2008)
Margins:
lengths – Azeri (2002)
lengths – Zenyatta (2008)
Most wins:
3 - Zenyatta (2008, 2009, 2010)
3 - Beholder (2013, 2014, 2015)
Most wins by a jockey:
5 - Mike E. Smith (2002, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2014)
Most wins by a trainer:
4 - John Shirreffs (1999, 2008, 2009, 2010)
4 - John W. Sadler (2005, 2006, 2011, 2016)
4 - Richard Mandella (2013, 2014, 2015, 2017)
4 - Bob Baffert (1998, 2007, 2018, 2021)
Most wins by an owner:
4 - Ann & Jerry Moss (2008, 2009, 2010, 2011)
Winners
Legend:
Notes:
§ Ran as an entry
See also
List of American and Canadian Graded races
External links
Oak Tree Honors Zenyatta with Grade 1 race
References
Mile category horse races for fillies and mares
Horse races in California
Grade 2 stakes races in the United States
Breeders' Cup Challenge series
Recurring sporting events established in 1993
Santa Anita Park
1993 establishments in California
Diamond Youth was an American alternative rock band from Baltimore, Maryland, with members from Chicago, Illinois and Richmond, Virginia.
History
Diamond Youth began in 2010, under the name Diamond, with the release of a 7" on Photobooth Records titled DMND. In 2011, Diamond Youth released an EP titled Don't Lose Your Cool on Alliance Trax and Fita Records. In December, the band supported Four Year Strong on their brief holiday tour dubbed It's a Wonderful Gig Life.
In 2013, Diamond Youth released their third EP titled Orange on Topshelf Records. In March, they embarked on a two-week tour with Turnover and PJ Bond. In November and December, the band went on tour with Citizen, Polar Bear Club and Sainthood Reps. In February 2014, Diamond Youth released their fourth EP titled Shake on Topshelf Records. In April, the group supported I Am the Avalanche on their headlining US tour. In July, the group embarked on a UK tour with Citizen and Headroom.
In March 2015, Diamond Youth announced plans to release a full-length album. On May 19, 2015, Diamond Youth released their first full-length album titled Nothing Matters on Topshelf Records. They split later that year, with Fang and Yates moving on to play in Turnstile.
Band members
Justin Gilman – vocals, guitar (2010–2015)
Sam Trapkin – guitar (2010–2015)
Daniel Fang – bass (2010–2015)
Brendan Yates – drums (2010–2015)
Ian Hurdle – drums (2015)
Grayson Wallace – bass (2015)
Discography
Studio albums
Nothing Matters (2015, Topshelf)
EPs
DMND (2010, Photobooth)
Don't Lose Your Cool (2011, Alliance Trax + Fita)
Orange (2013, Topshelf)
Shake (2014, Topshelf)
Singles
"Nothing Matters" (2015)
References
Alternative rock groups from Maryland
Musical groups from Baltimore
2010 establishments in Maryland
Topshelf Records artists
Alfredo Striani (born 7 April 1967) is an Italian lightweight rower. They won a gold medal at the 1987 World Rowing Championships in Copenhagen with the lightweight men's eight.
References
1967 births
Living people
Italian male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Italy
Pseudoallelism is a state in which two genes with similar functions are located so close to one another on a chromosome that they are genetically linked. This means that the two genes (pseudoalleles) are nearly always inherited together. Since the two genes have related functions, they may appear to act as a single gene. In rare cases, the two linked pseudoalleles can be separated, or recombined. One hypothesis is that pseudoalleles are formed as a result of gene duplication events, and the duplicated genes can undergo gene evolution to develop new functions.
Characteristic of pseudoalleles:
These are closely linked allele within which crossing over occur.
They affect the same character.
Example:
Red eye colour of Drosophila has different mutants like white and apricot. They affect pigmentation i.e., affect the same character. So, they are allelic. They can undergo recombination, i.e., they are nonallelic.
References
Genetics
The Pushkin Prize () was established in 1881 by the Russian Academy of Sciences to honor one of the greatest Russian poets Alexander Pushkin (1799–1837). The prize was awarded to the Russian who achieved the highest standard of literary excellence. The prize was discontinued during the Soviet period. It was restored in 1989 by Alfred Toepfer Foundation in Hamburg. In 1995 the State Pushkin Prize was established by Boris Yeltsin's decree, with Vladimir Sokolov being the first laureate. Both lasted till 2005. In 2005 the New Pushkin Prize was established by the Aleksander Zhukov Fund, as well as the Pushkin and Mikhaylovskoye museums. In 2017 the International Creative Contest "World Pushkin" was established by the Russkiy Mir Foundation and the A. Pushkin State Literary Memorial and Natural Museum-Reserve Boldino.
Select list of winners
Yakov Polonsky (1819–1898)
Apollon Maykov (1821–1897)
Nikolai Kholodkovsky (1858–1921)
Konstantin Stanyukovich (1843–1903)
Ivan Bunin (1870–1953)
Anton Chekhov (1860–1904)
Mirra Lokhvitskaya (1869–1905)
Aleksandr Kuprin (1870–1938)
Ferdinand de la Bart (1870–1915)
Alfred Toepfer Pushkin Prize
Andrey Bitov (1990)
Lyudmila Petrushevskaya (1991)
Fazil Iskander and Oleg Volkov (1992)
Dmitri Prigov and Timur Kibirov (1993)
Bella Akhmadulina (1994)
Semyon Lipkin (1995)
Sasha Sokolov (1995, 1996)
Anatoly Zhigulin (1996)
Viktor Astafyev (1997)
Vladimir Makanin (1998)
Oleg Chukhontsev and Alexander Kushner (1999)
Yuri Mamleev (2000)
Yevgeny Rein (2003)
Boris Paramonov (2005)
Yeltsyn Pushkin Prize
Vladimir Sokolov (1995)
Anatoly Zhigulin (1996)
Alexander Kushner
Vadim Shefner
Novella Matveeva
Igor Shklyarevsky
The New Pushkin Prize (2005–present)
Sergey Bocharov (2005)
Yuri Kublanovsky (2006)
Alexey Lukyanov (2006)
Dmitry Novikov (2007)
Vyacheslav Pyetsukh (2007)
Valerya Pustovaya (2008)
Gleb Gorbovsky (2008)
Oleg Sivun (2009)
Luis Freixial (2009; declined prize)
Valery Popov (2009)
Valentin Kurbatov (2010)
Irina Rodnyanskaya (2010)
Vera Milchina (2011)
Ildar Abuzyarov (2011)
Hans Boland (2014; declined prize)
The International Creative Contest "World Pushkin" (2017–present)
Lionenko Daria Sergeevna (Russia) (2017)
Suslikov Anton Ivanovich (Russia) (2017)
Troshchinskaya-Stepushina Tatyana Evgenievna (Belarus) (2017)
Antonova Valeria Borisovna and Shulenko Elizaveta Alekseevna(Hungary, Budapest, USA) (2017)
Dang Thi Thu Huong (Vietnam, Ho Chi Minh City) (2017)
Vien Kieu Nga [[(Vietnam, Ha Giang)]] (2017)
Abzhueva Julia (Russia, Ekaterinburg) (2017)
See also
Demidov Prize
Awards and decorations of the Russian Federation
References
Alexander Pushkin
Russian literary awards
Awards established in 1881
Russian Academy of Sciences
Lists of Russian people
1881 establishments in the Russian Empire
Families International is the holding company for the Alliance for Children and Families, Ways to Work, FEI Behavioral Health, and the United Neighborhood Centers of America. Each organization is based in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Former president and CEO, Peter Goldberg, unexpectedly died.
Susan Dreyfus has been the president and CEO since January 2012.
External links
Alliance for Children and Families
FEI Behavioral Health
Ways to Work
United Neighborhood Centers of America
Organizations based in Milwaukee
Bouguirat is a district in Mostaganem Province, Algeria. It was named after its capital, Bouguirat.
Municipalities
The district is further divided into 4 municipalities:
Bouguirat
Safsaf
Souaflia
Sirat
Districts of Mostaganem Province
is a Japanese four-panel manga series written and illustrated by Etsuya Mashima. The manga was serialized in Takeshobo's Manga Life Original and Manga Life MOMO magazines from 2002 to 2014 and the chapters collected into 10 tankōbon volumes. A 26-episode anime television series adaptation animated by Silver Link aired between July 1, 2012 and December 24, 2012.
Characters
The main character, an elementary school girl who has a crush on Hiroshi after they allegedly rescued them  They are incredibly strong and athletic for them age.
A kind man who works at the town hall next to Chitose's school.  They are often paranoid about Chitose's affections for him.
Chitose's classmate and best friend who is something of a worrywart. They have an incredible father complex and wants to become their bride when they grow up.
Chitose's friend and classmate, who, despite their regal looks, is a little strange. They seem to always have a costume for every major occasion.
Chitose's homeroom teacher, who is constantly at odds against Chitose, primarily being their "rival" for Hiroshi's affections.
A young teacher who is Asako's junior.
Shige is Hiroshi's boss.
Media
Manga
Chitose Get You!! began as a manga series written and illustrated by Etsuya Mashima. It was serialized in Takeshobo's Manga Life Original and Manga Life MOMO from September 2002 to June 2014 and the chapters collected into 10 tankōbon volumes. The series is available in English on the JManga reader site.
Drama CD
Two drama CDs were released on December 22, 2005 and June 23, 2006 respectively.
Anime
A 26-episode anime television series adaptation animated by Silver Link aired between July 1, 2012 and December 24, 2012. The anime was streamed on Nico Nico Douga and Crunchyroll. The ending theme for episodes 1-13 is by Sayaka Nakaya, Sora Tokui and MAKO whilst the ending theme for episodes 14 onwards is by Rikako Yamaguchi and Asaketsu Iizuka.
Episode list
References
External links
Official website
2012 anime television series debuts
Comedy anime and manga
Silver Link
Slice of life anime and manga
Takeshobo manga
Yonkoma
Seinen manga
Darragh Ryan (born 21 May 1980 in Cuckfield, West Sussex), is a footballer who plays for Southern Stars in the Victorian State League Division 1.
Playing career
They began their career with Brighton & Hove Albion, for whom they played nine league games, scoring twice. Ryan then moved on to play for another Sussex outfit, Crawley Town. Following this, the player moved to Ireland, signing for UCD. They made their debut for them at home to Waterford, and after a number of years at the club, they returned to England, where they played non-League football with Bognor Regis Town, Worthing and Haywards Heath Town. Ryan then returned to UCD, this time for a more brief spell. Following this, they signed for Cork City where they were part of the FAI cup winning side in 2006 against Longford Town and the 2007 Setanta cup winning team against Glentoran. They then moved on to League of Ireland side St Patrick's Athletic Who reached the play-off stages of the Europa League, After victories over Valletta of Malta, Krylya Sovetov in Russia they were knocked out by Steaua Bucharest.
In January 2010, Ryan signed for Conference National side Stevenage Borough on a non-contract basis. They were later released after failing to make a first-team appearance. Shortly after their release, they trialled with one of their former clubs, Crawley Town. Several months after this appearance, it was announced that Ryan had been signed by Crawley. This was the second time that the player had signed for Crawley, having spent time at the club several years previously. Ryan left the club by mutual agreement in September 2010.
Personal life
Ryan's father Gerry played eighteen times for Ireland between 1978 and 1984, scoring once, at home in a European Championship defeat to West Germany.
References
External links
Ryan sent off St Pats
Ryan to return to Belfield Park
Ryan joins Cork City's ranks
1980 births
Living people
People from Cuckfield
Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. players
Crawley Town F.C. players
University College Dublin A.F.C. players
Bognor Regis Town F.C. players
Worthing F.C. players
Cork City F.C. players
St Patrick's Athletic F.C. players
Stevenage F.C. players
English Football League players
League of Ireland players
Haywards Heath Town F.C. players
Association football midfielders
English footballers
The Union of Francophones (, UF; ) is a political party in Belgium that participates as electoral lists in regional, provincial, and municipal elections in the Flemish Province of Flemish Brabant. As its name suggests, its primary target is the French-speaking community of Flemish Brabant and particularly those who live in the officially Dutch-speaking area Halle-Vilvoorde including the now predominantly French-speaking municipalities with language facilities in the Brussels Periphery. Its main goal is to provide both constitutional exemptions for and privileges to Francophones living in Dutch-speaking Flanders, for example by annexing the municipalities with language facilities to the officially bilingual Brussels-Capital Region.
History
In the 1980s the Groupement des francophones de la Périphérie (GFP) was created, grouping French-speaking elected officials from the Flemish communes of the Brabant province. In 1994 the province of Brabant was divided into the Brussels-Capital Region, Flemish Brabant and Walloon Brabant, leading to the creation of the Union of Francophones in the perspective of the October 1994 provincial elections.
Organization
The UF is a cooperative structure without direct members, run by representatives of 4 French-speaking parties, the Reformist Movement (MR), the Francophone Democratic Federalists (a member of MR until 25 September 2011), the Humanist Democratic Centre and the Socialist Party, plus the elected officials at the regional and provincial levels, and the burgomasters. Its general assembly groups all French-speaking elected officials in the Flemish Brabant.
Programme
As a heterogenous multi-party coalition, the UF doesn't follow a specific ideological point of view. However, reflecting the social composition of the population in these rather privileged suburbs, most of the elected officials belong to the centre-right Reform Movement. The coalition wants an enlargement of the bilingual Brussels Capital Region through the merger of various municipalities with language facilities with a large percentage of Francophone inhabitants, like Sint-Genesius-Rode, to it and opposes the splitting of the partially bilingual Brussels-Halle-Vilvoorde electoral and judicial constituency.
Elected officials
The party currently has one representative in the Flemish Parliament, five in the provincial council of Flemish Brabant and dozens in several municipal councils.
Other French-speaking parties
For the first time the Francophone green party Ecolo took part in some UF lists at the municipal level for the 2006 elections, only in municipalities with language facilities, and got several candidates elected, including an alderman (échevin) in Linkebeek, Franklin Audag. Beforehand the party had always chosen to support the lists of its Flemish counterpart Groen!, with or without the inclusion of an Ecolo candidate. But the party refused to take part in the UF list for the Flemish regional elections in 2009.
Electoral performance
The following table lists the municipalities bordering the Brussels Region and/or bordering one of the six Flemish municipalities with language facilities for French speakers (marked with [F]).
Sources
External links
Official website
Leaflets and posters of the UF (2006, 2009, 2012 and 2014), Tractothèque
Political parties in Belgium
Kim Young (born February 4, 1955) is an American professional golfer.
Young played several years on the PGA Tour and its developmental tour, the Ben Hogan Tour/Nike Tour (now Web.com Tour), from 1977 to 1994. On The PGA Tour (1977–78, 1988, 1991–93), their best finish was T-4 at the 1988 Deposit Guaranty Golf Classic. On the Ben Hogan/Nike Tour (1990, 1994), their best finish was a win at the 1990 Ben Hogan Dakota Dunes Open. Their tournament golf career was cut short after they lost the vision in their right eye in 1995.
Young tried unsuccessfully to qualify for the Champions Tour in 2005, 2008, and 2010. They did qualify and play in for the U.S. Senior Open in 2008 and 2009.
Young is a director of golf at Twin Rivers Golf Club in Oviedo, Florida and also is a golf instructor.
Professional wins (1)
Ben Hogan Tour wins (1)
See also
1987 PGA Tour Qualifying School graduates
1990 PGA Tour Qualifying School graduates
1991 PGA Tour Qualifying School graduates
1992 PGA Tour Qualifying School graduates
References
External links
American male golfers
PGA Tour golfers
Golfers from Texas
Golfers from Orlando, Florida
People from Harlingen, Texas
1955 births
Living people
The 1993 Berkshire County Council election was held on 6 May 1993, at the same time as other local elections across England and Wales. All of Berkshire County Council's 76 seats were up for election.
Prior to the election, the county council had been under no overall control, with a coalition of Labour, the Liberal Democrats and independents running the authority. The Labour leader, Lawrence Silverman, had been leader of the council. After the election, there was still no overall control of the council, but the Liberal Democrats became the largest party. The Conservatives lost over half their seats on the council. It was decided after the election that the coalition would continue, but with the Liberal Democrat leader, Linda Murray, being declared joint leader alongside Lawrence Silverman at the subsequent annual council meeting on 22 May 1993.
The 1993 election turned out to be the final election to Berkshire County Council. It was decided in 1996 to abolish the county council and transfer its functions to the county's six district councils, making them unitary authorities. The elections that would have been held for Berkshire County Council in 1997 were therefore cancelled, with elections being held instead for the six districts that year. Berkshire County Council continued to exist until 31 March 1998, with the new unitary authorities assuming their new powers on 1 April 1998.
Results
Ward results
The results in each ward were as follows (candidates with an asterisk* were the previous incumbent standing for re-election):
References
Berkshire County Council elections
Berkshire
Caecilia Metella (died around 80 BC) was an Roman matron at the beginning of the 1st century BC. The daughter of the pontifiex maximus Lucius Caecilius Metellus Dalmaticus, they married two of the most prominent politicians of the period, first the princeps senatus Marcus Aemilius Scaurus, then Lucius Cornelius Sulla.
Life
Caecilia belonged to the plebeian family of the Caecilii Metelli, at the time the most important family of the late second century. Them father was Lucius Caecilius Metellus Dalmaticus, consul in 119 BC and pontifex maximus circa 114.
Them first marriage was to Marcus Aemilius Scaurus, an ageing politician at the peak of their power. Scaurus was a patrician, the princeps senatus (leader of the Senate) and a traditional ally of their family. Caecilia bore Scaurus two children: Marcus Aemilius Scaurus and Aemilia.
Following Scaurus' death in 89, Caecilia married Lucius Cornelius Sulla, who was fifty. In their account of the life of Sulla, Plutarch wrote that this was a prestigious marriage for Sulla due to Caecilia being the daughter of the Pontifex Maximus, the high priest of Roman state religion. The marriage was ridiculed by the people and many leading men were dissatisfied because they thought that it was unworthy of Caecilia. They became Sulla's third wife and they married them only a few days after divorcing Cloelia for 'barrenness'. Because of this and despite the fact that Sulla praised Cloelia and gave them gifts, many thought that they had accused them unfairly. However, they always showed Caecilia great deference. Because of this, when Sulla refused the request of the people to restore the exiled supporters of Marius (after Sulla's march on Rome in 88 BC) they asked Caecilia for help. Plutarch wrote that it "was thought also that when [Sulla] took the city of Athens, they treated its people more harshly because they had scurrilously abused Caecilia from the walls." In another passage, Plutarch specified that the scurrilous abuse against Sulla and Caecilia was from Aristion, the tyrant of Athens.
Sulla had their daughter Aemilia marry to Pompey to forge an alliance with him.
While Sulla was in Greece, the supporters of Gaius Marius seized Rome and perpetrated violence against those of Sulla. Caecilia thus fled with them and Sulla's children with difficulty, informed Sulla that their villas had been burned and offered to help the Optimates (who supported Sulla) at home. After Sulla celebrated their triumph for their victory in Greece, Caecilia bore them twin children, "[Sulla] named the male child Faustus, and the female Fausta; for the Romans call what is auspicious and joyful, 'faustum.'"
While Sulla was devoting a lavish feast in honour of the god Hercules, Caecilia was sick and dying. The priests forbade Sulla "to go near them or to have their house polluted by their funeral." Sulla divorced them and had them taken to another house while they were still alive. In this way they respected the law. Sulla transgressed their laws limiting the expenses of funerals and of banquets, organised a sumptuous funeral and drowned their sorrows in drinking parties and extravagant banquets. Plutarch mentioned that another, unnamed son who died shortly before the death of their mother Caecilia appeared to them in a dream. Plutarch clarified this by saying that when Sulla died they left two young children by Caecilia.
See also
Women in ancient Rome
Caecilia gens
Caecilii Metelli family tree
Notes
References
Plutarch, Parallel Lives, The Live of Sulla, The Complete Collection of Plutarch's Parallel Lives, CreateSpace Independent Publishing Platform, 2014; ; see accessed June 2016
80s BC deaths
1st-century BC Roman women
Caecilii Metelli
Wives of Sulla
Snowornis is a genus of birds in the family Cotingidae. The species were formerly included in the genus Lipaugus,
The genus Snowornis was introduced in 2001 by Richard Prum with the grey-tailed piha as the type species. The name was chosen to honour the ornithologist David W. Snow. Their name is combined with the Ancient Greek ornis meaning "bird". The genus is sister to the genus Carpornis which contains the two berryeaters.
The genus contains two species.
References
Bird genera
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Bryan Allen Bartley (30 November 1928 – 24 March 2015) was a New Zealand civil engineer and inventor. They developed the Barmac crusher with fellow engineer Jim Macdonald.
Early life and family
Born in the Auckland suburb of Epsom in 1928, Bartley was the second son of Wilma Amy (née Slattery) and George Frederick Bartley, a pharmacist. They studied civil engineering at Auckland University College, graduating with a Bachelor of Engineering in 1950 or 1953.
Career
After graduating with a degree in engineering, Bartley worked at the City Engineer's Office for Auckland City Council. Bartley was employed by Winstone Aggregates and in the 1960s was instrumental in that company purchasing what is now its main quarry, Hunua Quarry near Papakura. They were one of the founders of the New Zealand branch of the Institute of Quarrying, and in 1989 served as the Institute of Quarrying's first international president. Initially working at Winstone for nine years, Bartley spent two years working for Gammon Construction in Malaysia, returning to Winstone from 1963, eventually becoming the general manager and working at the company for a further 22 years.
In 1970, Wellington engineer Jim Macdonald built the prototype for a new vertical shaft impactor for creating construction aggregate. Over a period of eight years, Bartley and Macdonald developed the prototype into a viable commercial machine that became known as the Barmac crusher after its two creators. The pair licensed the manufacture of their crusher around the world, and sold the business in 1994. By 2003 over 3500 Barmac crushers had been sold worldwide, the largest rated at 800 kW, and it has been used on projects including the Three Gorges Dam in China. The original Barmac crusher, machine number 1, is preserved at the Kiwi Point Quarry in Ngauranga Gorge, Wellington.
Bartley also developed and patented a new self-feathering yacht propeller with John Blundell.
In the 2000 New Year Honours, Bartley was appointed an Officer of the New Zealand Order of Merit, for services to engineering and the community.
References
1928 births
2015 deaths
People from Auckland
University of Auckland alumni
New Zealand civil engineers
Officers of the New Zealand Order of Merit
20th-century New Zealand inventors
is a Mongolian professional sumo wrestler from Ulaanbaatar. They made their debut in March 2015 and reached the top makuuchi division in January 2020. They wrestle for Michinoku stable. Their highest rank has been komusubi.
Career
Their father was a sheep-raising nomad in Dornod Province. From a young age, they rode horses to help their father at work, which strengthened their legs and waist – an advantage for sumo. In 2014, they were invited by an acquaintance along with four other Mongolians to Japan to try out sumo at Michinoku stable. They had judo experience but not sumo experience. At that time, they were over 180 cm tall, but weighed less than 70 kg. The Michinoku stablemaster, ex-ōzeki Kirishima, thought Byambachuluun was the best of the five, but was reluctant at first to take on a foreign recruit. The stable had not had a foreigner since Hakuba was forced to retire over match-fixing allegations in 2011. They eventually relented after Byambachuluun committed to staying in Japan, and let them take the new recruits examination in February 2015. After satisfying visa requirements, they made their dohyō debut in May 2015. Despite their lack of sumo experience they looked good in sumo school against future top division wrestlers such as Hokutofuji and Ura.
They took four years from their professional debut to reach the sekitori ranks, hindered by a serious knee injury in May 2016, but was eventually promoted in March 2019. They were the first new sekitori Michinoku stable had produced since Kirinowaka in January 2008. They moved through the jūryō division in just five tournaments. Their fellow Mongolian, yokozuna Kakuryū, became their stablemate in October 2019 when Izutsu stable closed. They took part in a four-way playoff for the jūryō championship or yūshō in November 2019, their 11–4 record securing their promotion. In their debut top makuuchi division tournament in January 2020 they won the Fighting Spirit Prize with an 11–4 record. In March they stood at only four wins against six losses after Day 10, but won their last five matches to secure a 9–6 record and promotion to a new highest rank of maegashira 3 for the next tournament, which was originally scheduled for May but actually took place in July. They withdrew on Day 10 of the September 2020 tournament with a shoulder injury, but returned from Day 13 to secure a winning record of 9–4–2.
Kiribayama was promoted to their highest rank to date of komusubi for the November 2021 tournament, the first Mongolian to debut in sanyaku since Tamawashi and Terunofuji in March 2015. They managed only six wins against nine losses in this tournament, and returned to the ranks.
Fighting style
According to their Japan Sumo Association profile, Kiribayama's preferred grip on their opponent's mawashi is hidari-yotsu, a right arm outside and left hand inside position. Their favourite techniques are listed as yori-kiri (force out) and nage (throws), both underarm and overarm. In the run-up to their top division promotion they increased their weight by 10kg to 140kg, giving them a more powerful attack, but they are still able to outmaneuver their opponents by their speed and footwork.
Career record
See also
List of active sumo wrestlers
Glossary of sumo terms
Active special prize winners
List of komusubi
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Mongolian sumo wrestlers
Sportspeople from Ulaanbaatar
Komusubi
The Man Who Broke Britain is a 2004 BBC Television drama about a financial collapse triggered by a devastating terrorist strike.
Plot
A devastating terrorist strike wipes out much of Saudi Arabia's oil production; the same day a trader of Saudi origin disappears from the fictional UK investment bank Sun First Credit (SFCB). Managers soon discover the missing trader, Samir Badr, has built up crippling debts, multiplied a hundredfold by the attacks in Saudi. SFCB, once the toast of the city, is suddenly heading for bankruptcy, taking a whole raft of other banks with it. The resulting market crash and banking crisis will push Britain and the US into a 21st Century recession: pension funds are slashed, unemployment soars and the housing market collapses. Following the discovery that Badr has committed suicide, a new Al-Qa'eda tape surfaces, in which Osama Bin Laden appears to claim responsibility for the financial turmoil. Suspicion grows that Badr was an Islamic extremist who deliberately sabotaged the bank. As the authorities and the media launch a massive investigation into the apparent Al-Qaeda assault on the pillars of the Western Economy, an alternative explanation emerges. Could greed and incompetence be the real cause of the collapse of Britain's economy?
External links
Production website at Wall to Wall Media
The Man Who Broke Britain at British Film Institute
British docufiction films
BBC television docudramas
Films set in the United Kingdom
2004 television films
2004 films
2004 in British television
British television films
Films about terrorism in Asia
Films about terrorism in Europe
2000s British films
The Nā Hōkū Hanohano Awards, occasionally called the Nā Hōkū Awards or Hoku Awards, are the premier music awards in Hawaii. They are considered to be Hawaii's equivalent of the Grammy Awards. "Nā Hōkū Hanohano" means "Stars of Distinction" in Hawaiian – "hōkū" means "star", "nā" makes it plural, and "hanohano" means "glorious, worthy of praises". The awards were founded in 1978 by radio personality Krash Kealoha of KCCN-AM, a radio station which focused on traditional Hawaiian music. They launched the first awards with the support of the owner of the radio station Sydney Grayson, and their fellow DJs Kimo Kaho‘āno and Jacqueline “Skylark” Rossetti.
The award winners are currently selected by the voting members of the non-profit Hawaii Academy of Recording Arts, which was founded in 1982. The awards are presented each May, and the ceremony is televised; KITV was the originating station when it started its telecast. The 38th Annual Nā Hōkū Hanohano Awards were held at the Hawaii Convention Center on May 23, 2015. The event was televised live on KFVE-TV in Hawaii and streamed online worldwide on the station's website.
The 42nd annual Nā Hoku Hanohano Awards were held on Saturday, May 25, 2019 at the Hawaii Convention Center.
Release eligibility, entry and voting
Music recordings must be available for commercial sale through established retailers of physical products (CD and DVD or other media) or through established digital download retailers (such as ITunes, CD Baby, Amazon.com) in order to be eligible for entry in the awards. Recordings that are released during the calendar year (January 1 through December 31) are eligible to be entered in the following year's awards.
Eligibility in most of the award's categories is restricted to Hawaii resident artists and other industry professional, though non-Hawaii U.S. residents are eligible in the Hawaiian, Island Music, Ukulele, Slack Key, Haku Mele, and Hawaiian Language Performance categories. There is a special recognition award for non-U.S. residents who release recordings that prominently feature Hawaiian, Island Music, ukulele, or slack key music.
The Academy solicits entries in fall of the eligibility year, and entries for the awards must be received by January 15 of the year in which the awards will be held. Entrants must complete an online or downloadable entry form and submit copies of the releases to the Academy by that date. Membership in the Academy is not required to enter a release.
The Academy's selection committee assembles a preliminary ballot which is sent to all regular (voting) members, usually in March. The top five vote-getters are tabulated, and the selection committee creates a final ballot, which is also sent to regular members, usually in April. The winners are tabulated by an accounting firm, and remain secret until they are announced at the awards presentation in May.
Awards categories
The Nā Hōkū Hanohano Awards currently present awards in the following categories. A minimum of three eligible releases must be entered in any category in order for that category to be awarded in that year. Unless otherwise noted, eligibility in most categories is restricted to Hawaii residents.
General categories
Album of the Year (Artist and Producerʻs Award): Best produced album release
EP (Extended Play) of the Year: Best release that contains more than three but no more than eight separate tracks, and is of less than 30 minutes in total playing time
Single of the Year: Best Recorded performance of a song released as a single in either physical (CD) or digital format
Song of the Year: (Composer's Award) Best achievement in creating a first–time recorded song including words and music
Instrumental Song of the Year: (Composerʻs Award) Best achievement in creating a first–time recorded instrumental composition
Female Vocalist of the Year: Best performance by a female artist
Group of the Year: Best performance by a vocal duo or group
Male Vocalist of the Year: Best performance by a male artist
Most Promising Artist of the Year: Most promising first–recorded effort as a featured artist or group
Favorite Entertainer of the Year: Selected by the general public
Genre categories
Alternative Album of the Year: the Best performance in an alternative style
Anthology of the Year: the Best album of previously released material
Christmas Album of the Year: the Best performance of music with a Christmas theme
Comedy Album or DVD of the Year: the Best comedy performance on an album or DVD
Compilation Album of the Year: (Producerʻs Award) Best performance of newly released material by a minimum of three distinct artists
Contemporary Album of the Year: the Best performance of music in a contemporary style
Hawaiian Album of the Year: the Best performance of Hawaiian music (non-Hawaii residents eligible)
Hip Hop Album of the Year: the Best performance of music in a hip-hop style
Instrumental Album of the Year: the Best instrumental performance
Island Music Album of the Year: the Best contemporary performance of music of or about Hawaii (non-Hawaii residents eligible)
Jazz Album of the Year: Best jazz performance
Music Video DVD of the Year: the Best performance of music and video on a DVD
R&B Album of the Year: the Best performance of music in a R&B style
Reggae Album of the Year: the Best reggae performance
Religious Album of the Year: the Best performance of religious material
Rock Album of the Year: Best rock performance
Slack Key Album of the Year: the Best performance of slack key or vocals with slack key accompaniment (non-Hawaii residents eligible)
Ukulele Album of the Year: the Best ukulele performance (non-Hawaii residents eligible)
Technical categories
Liner Notes: the Best achievement in album annotation
Graphics: the Best achievement in album cover design
Adjudicated categories
Haku Mele: (Composer's Award) Best first–released song or chant primarily in the Hawaiian language (non-Hawaii residents eligible)
Hawaiian Language Performance: (Artist Award) Best performance in the Hawaiian language (non-Hawaii residents eligible)
Engineering Award: the Best technical achievement in a sound recording and mix–down
International Album of the Year: Best performance by non-U.S. performer(s) on an album or DVD whose tracks are at least 75% in the Hawaiian language or performed in slack key or Island Music styles
Award winners
Album of the Year
The Na Hoku Hanohano Awards for Album of the Year is presented by the Hawaii Academy of Recording Arts to honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the Hawaii recording industry. The Album of the Year award is the most prestigious award category at the Na Hoku Hanohano Awards.
2020s
Lifetime Achievement Award
Lifetime Achievement Legacy Recognition Honorees
See also
Hawaiian Music Hall of Fame
Music of Hawaii
Hawaii Music Awards
References
External links
Official website
Official Facebook page
Lists of all past Nā Hōkū Hanohano winners
Lists of winners
Organizations based in Hawaii
Hawaiian music
Annual television shows
Awards established in 1978
Music awards of Hawaii
1978 establishments in Hawaii
Music organizations based in the United States
Companies based in Honolulu
Hula
wi-tribe ( ) is an internet services provider (3G & 4.5G) in Pakistan. It operated in four major cities; Islamabad, Rawalpindi, Lahore, and Karachi until its license was revoked by Pakistan Telecommunication Authority because of frequent service interruption. As of 2021, the services have not been restored. wi-tribe is the first one in Pakistan to launch LTE-Advanced (4.5G) to users. The company shut down its services in Lahore after a major issue with the company (EDOTCO) managing its towers. The reason for the scenario was a dispute between the companies which escalated after the departure of respected EDOTCO Group Ceo Suresh Sidhu - ostensibly, this was a dispute about a service-level-agreement and renegotiating of tower rentals as land-owner leases were running out and EDOTCO was negotiating in a manner which meant huge increases and premiums being demanded from wi-tribe. In this debacle, the deliberate powering off of wi-tribe base stations on EDOTCO towers was being weaponized by EDOTCO to gain commercial leverage in negotiations. This in turn led to payments being withheld by wi-tribe in retaliation. This subsequently led to the now-ousted EDOTCO Pakistan CEO Arif Hussain shutting down the towers in major cities leading to customers facing broadband blackouts.
History
In 2009, the wi-tribe group, owned by Qatar Telecom (now Ooredoo) launched its largest operations in Pakistan. In Pakistan, wi-tribe is operating in Islamabad, Karachi, Lahore, and Rawalpindi.[1][2][3] Wi-tribe Pakistan is one of the only two telecoms in Pakistan that is an ICAEW (Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales) approved employer.[4] Qatar Telecom invested in WiMAX technology which, was the leading technology at the time, and set up over 600 towers for base stations across its network at a cost close to $200 million USD.
HB Group's acquisition from Qatar Telecom
In March 2016, wi-tribe was acquired by the HB Group from Ooredoo. This followed an Ooredoo Board decision to focus on its core telecoms business, which meant an exit from the Pakistan home broadband internet service provider market. The Citi Group advised and managed the sale of wi-tribe on behalf of Ooredoo.[1] Ooredoo had not invested in the upgrade of the network in recent years and its WiMAX technology was out of favor globally a significant upgrade was required both in bandwidth and in the capital costs of upgrading the base stations across over 600 towers. WiMAX is substantially now viewed as an end-of-life technology that only a handful of countries still operated.
Major bandwidth upgrade across Pakistan Network
Within weeks of acquisition, it was clear that the significant congestion on the network was having a hugely detrimental effect on the customer experience, leading to high levels of dissatisfaction and churn and as such required a rapid solution. The previous owners, Ooredoo (formerly Qatar telecom) had been considering increasing capacity and easing congestion since 2014 but uncertainty about its future led to indecision. The investment requirement, coupled with the fact that it was solely a broadband business, made no long-term sense for the large mobile operator who no longer viewed it as part of its core business meaning that henceforth, it was not viewed as a viable investment proposition.
Inheriting huge difficulties, in the first month, the new management decided that an upgrade was crucial for survival and within three months they had invested heavily in improving its customer experience by doubling its spectrum bandwidth across Pakistan. By August 2016, the upgrade had been completed across all wi-tribe base station towers network in Pakistan.
Pakistan's first 4.5G LTE advanced network launched
In November 2016, the management considered investing in 4G LTE home broadband to upgrade its services to meet customer expectations for speed and capacity. The wi-tribe board later announced that it would skip a generation and instead of adopting 4G technology, it would shift to 4.5G LTE Advanced (LTE-A) technology.
In February 2017, wi-tribe announced that it had signed a contract with Huawei to upgrade its entire network from WiMAX to an LTE-A (4.5G) network, the most advanced broadband technology in the world.
This deployment represented the first such network in South Asia and the Middle East operating 4.5G LTE-A on the 3.5GHz spectrum (3500 MHz) band.
The new 4.5G LTE-A network was installed at wi-tribe's Head Office in F-8 Islamabad, using equipment from Huawei, with whom wi-tribe signed a $15 million USD contract and a strategic partnership for upgrade of wi-tribes network to LTE-A covering a possibility of five cities, namely Islamabad, Rawalpindi, Karachi, Lahore, and Faisalabad. The network is currently undergoing large scale field tests having proven extremely successful in lab tests and will make available to the public in September 2017.
In September 2017, on schedule, wi-tribe launched its 4.5G LTE Advanced services in Pakistan. In October 2017, wi-tribe introduced Pakistan's first one terabyte package, which garnered much attention from local consumers. From 2018 wi-tribe rolled out its 4.5G LTE advanced network across Islamabad, Lahore, and Karachi.
The Pakistani President recognized the 4.5G achievement and awarded wi-tribe the Pakistan New Technology Innovation Award. At the beginning of 2019 Abbas Bokhari, a veteran of the LDI industry, took over as the CEO.
Veteran Naval Admiral Shahid Farooq took on the role of Chairman of wi-tribe following Shahid Malik departing to take on other challenges in January 2019. Admiral Farooq is a trusted and highly respected former Admiral and senior manager having previously had the Chairman role in the sector.
In 2020 Mr Sajjad Hasan Jaffri, a two-decade plus finance veteran, took over as the Group CFO with a focus on optimization across the group.
Acquisition of Qubee from PE Fund New Silk Route
In late 2018 the HB Group acquired Qubee, a fellow broadband operator from US-based private equity fund New Silk Route. Qubee's network used WiMAX technology and HB's objective was to upgrade the technology and also create a business and corporate customer entity and shift the traditionally more challenging consumers to wi-tribe.
First successful 5G trials in Pakistan
In 2019, wi-tribe partnered with mobile operator Zong to complete the first successful first 5G trials in Pakistan
Regulatory Environment and 5G
Since 2019 the Pakistan Telecommunications Authority - Pakistan's regulator, has been conducting a review for 5G and the possible reconfiguration of the telecoms sector in the run-up to many licenses expiring in 2024. Wi-tribe has been keen to renew its license so that it could invest to upgrade the whole of the network to 5G, however, without certainty on the license and the payback period for the investment being 9 years it has been waiting for a positive outcome with just 4 years left on the current WLL license.
License Termination
On 18th October 2021, Pakistan Telecommunication Authority terminated wi-tribe Pakistan Ltd.'s licensed telecom services for its failure to comply with the terms and conditions of licenses regarding the provision of uninterrupted licensed services to its consumers.
References
External links
wi-tribe Pakistan
Telecommunication companies established in 2007
Internet service providers of Pakistan
Pakistani brands
Pakistani subsidiaries of foreign companies
2016 mergers and acquisitions
Companies based in Islamabad
Erieau ridge is a glacial moraine that crosses into Lake Erie near Erieau, Ontario and Pointe aux Pins.
The ridge may be the offshore extension of the Blenheim moraine.
References
Moraines of Ontario
Christopher Gunning (born 5 August 1944) is an English composer of concert works and music for films and television.
Gunning was born in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire. They studied at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama where their tutors included Edmund Rubbra and Richard Rodney Bennett.
Gunning's film and TV compositions have received many awards, including the 2007 BAFTA Award for Best Film Music for La Vie en Rose, as well as three additional awards for Agatha Christie's Poirot, Middlemarch, and Porterhouse Blue. They have also won three Ivor Novello Awards, for the TV miniseries Rebecca, and the film scores for Under Suspicion (1991), and Firelight (1997). Their other film scores include Goodbye Gemini (1970), Hands of the Ripper (1971), Ooh... You Are Awful (1972), the film version of Man About the House (1974), In Celebration (1975), Rogue Male (1976), Charlie Muffin (1979), Rise and Fall of Idi Amin (1981), Knights of God (1987), When the Whales Came (1989), Lighthouse Hill (2004) and Grace of Monaco (2014).
In the 1970s and 1980s, Gunning collaborated with rock musician Colin Blunstone and was responsible for the distinctive string arrangement on Blunstone's 1972 hit "Say You Don't Mind". They also provided the haunting string arrangements on "Won't Somebody Dance With Me", the Ivor Novello award-winning song written and performed by Lynsey De Paul as well as another of de Paul's hit singles "My Man and Me" and their 1974 album "Taste Me... Don't Waste Me".
Gunning's scores for The Big Battalions, Wild Africa, Cold Lazarus and When the Whales Came also received nominations for BAFTA and Ivor Novello Awards, and their music for the Martini advertising campaign, heard around the world for thirty years, won three Clio Awards.
Gunning composed the music for nearly all of the Poirot TV films starring David Suchet, and worked on all three series of Rosemary and Thyme featuring Felicity Kendal and Pam Ferris.
In addition to performances of their television and film scores, Gunning's Concerto for Saxophone and Orchestra and The Lobster have been performed at various venues including London's Southbank Centre. The Saxophone Concerto, played by John Harle with the Academy of St. Martin in the Fields, has been released by Sanctuary Classics, The Lobster is available on the Meridian label, and the Piano Concerto, Symphony No. 1 and Storm have been released by Albany Records. Recent works include concertos for the oboe and clarinet and the CD Skylines. The Royal Philharmonic Orchestra performed the premiere of Symphonies No.3 and No.4, coupled with Concerto for Oboe and String Orchestra. This has been released by Chandos Records.
Gunning has now completed twelve symphonies, several of which have been recorded by the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra conducted by the composer and released on Signum Classics.
In recognition of Gunning's contribution to music, they received a BASCA Gold Badge Award on 19 October 2011.
Gunning has four daughters and lives in Hertfordshire. One of their daughters is a professional oboist. Another runs the travel blog wanderlustchloe.com.
References
External links
Chandos Records
1944 births
Living people
20th-century classical composers
20th-century English composers
20th-century British male musicians
21st-century classical composers
21st-century British male musicians
British classical composers
British male classical composers
British television composers
English film score composers
English male film score composers
Alumni of the Guildhall School of Music and Drama
Best Original Music BAFTA Award winners
People from Cheltenham
The 2016 AYA Bank Cup was a four-nation football tournament hosted in Yangon, Myanmar from 3–6 June 2016.
The tournament followed a straight knockout format with Vietnam and Hong Kong facing in the first semi-final and the first match of the tournament followed by a match between hosts Myanmar and Singapore.
Ayeyarwady Bank was the title sponsor of the tournament which signed a contract with the Myanmar Football Federation on 4 May 2016.
Venue
Results
Times listed are local (UTC+6:30)
Semi-finals
Third place match
Final
Winners
References
2016 in Burmese football
International association football competitions hosted by Myanmar
2016 in Vietnamese football
2016 in Hong Kong sport
2016 in Singaporean football
The traditional music of Jordan has a long history. Rural zajal songs, with improvised poetry played with a mijwiz, tablah, arghul, oud, rabab and reed pipe ensemble accompanying is popular. The transition of old cultural music into hit pop songs known worldwide
Recently, Jordan has seen the rise of several prominent DJs and popstars.
Traditional Jordanian musical instruments
Jordanian music has a lot of diversity and a range of components that makes it a well known and popular art. Over the centuries music has evolved and so did its instruments. Jordanian music comes with variety of instruments.
Flute \ reed pipe known as Shababa
Mijwiz
Arghul known as Yarghul
Oud
Tablah
Rebab
Al-Mihbash
Bagpipes known as Gerbeh
Riq
Daf
Simsimiyya, found in the port city of Aqaba and the southern desert
Popular music
Generally there are two types of Jordanian music, all of which have unique platform and various tracks.
The cheer/fun/happy cultural songs and strong meaning patriotic songs. Over the years, New varieties of singers and composers have emerged to become very popular and well known.
Jordan's music is a particularly fascinating insight, the music formed from the strong bedouin and sub Arabian area. It is full of diversity and variety of elements which creates a unique platform.
Jordanian bands and artists are taking a blend of Arab-western electronic pop to the world stage, Over the years, a New variety of singers and composers have emerged to become very popular and well known. Over the past decades artist such as Omar al Abdallat, Diana karazoon and others were the most popular among the mass audience, in mid 2000's indie bands such as JadaL, Autostrad band and others has emerged and found fair amount of success amongst the youth in Jordan and the region. The musician and composer Sameer Baghdadi, the Bedouin singer Omar Al-Abdallat (known for their patriotic song "Hashemi, Hashemi"), Diana Karazon (winner of the Arab version of Pop Idol), Toni Qattan and singer Hani Mitwasi (the winner of the Jordan Awards 2010) are perhaps Jordan's biggest stars. Other well-known Jordanian musicians are Qamar Badwan, who won the golden prize in the 2000 Cairo Song Festival, percussionist Hani Naser, and the pianist, and composer Khalid Asad.
A new age group called Rum has gained regional and international popularity since its inception in 1998. Rum is considered the most successful Jordanian musical group, and has gained a wide range of fans from all over the world. Rum has performed in Tunisia, Morocco, Syria, Palestine, Turkey, Kazakhstan, France, the Netherlands, Germany, Italy, and the United States. A very important factor that contributed to Rum group's huge success is the fact that the group performs original compositions by Tareq al Nasser (the composer, founder and leader of the group), many of which were composed for Arabic TV drama series that gained wide popularity in the Arab world, including the TV drama series Nihayat Rajol Shuja, Al Jawareh and Al Kawaser, Al Malek Farouq, Yawmeyyat Mudeer Amm, and many others. The group performs instrumentals, songs, and rearranged Jordanian folklore. Rum group has represented Jordan in many international events, including at the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts in Washington, D.C., in March 2009 as part of the "Arabesque .. Arts of the Arab world" festival in the United States.
In Amman, the capital of Jordan, there has been a movement of alternative music in the last two decades. Rock bands that mix western and eastern influences are becoming more popular. Rock and underground bands in the late 1990s and early 2000 such as Ethereal, sign of thyme and others were known for mixing oriental with rock or jazz music.
The alternative Jordanian music scene flourished with bands such as JadaL (2003), Autostrad (band) (2007), Akher Zapheer (2007), El Morabba3(2008), Aziz Maraka, Yazan Haifawi and others reaching regional success and international recognition.
Arabic hip hop and Arabic rap artists in Jordan have added to the musical scene. These artists include names like El Far3i, Amer Al Taher, U-Seff Qasrawi, Khotta Ba, Torabyeh, Arab Mc's and Al Hevy.
Jordan also has an underground heavy metal scene with bands such as Tyrant Throne (death metal), Relics of Martyrs (thrash/death metal), Chalice of Doom (doom/death metal), Bilocate (doom/death metal), Esodic (thrash/death metal), Eternal Insomnia (melodic death metal), and Ajdath, who currently reside in Poland. Other bands, like Augury (black metal) and Darkcide (doom/death metal) had to stop due to lack of support or to band members leaving the country.
Some of the most important musicians in Jordan are the Faqir family, which extends back for more than 100 years. Jordan's western radio station, Play 99.6, works towards exposing new local artists, including many western pop singers such as Humam Ammari, Al'a Ayyoub, and Walid Karadsheh. And of various industries and music genres, the number of female musicians and composers of Jordanian nationality is growing. Some to mention are: Ghiya Rushidat, Hana Malhas, Ruba Saqr, Sahar Khalifeh, Suad Lakišić Bushnaq, and Zeina Azouqah.
The thriving indie rock scene was achieved thanks to artists such as Kais Khoury, Ibrahim Baggili, Hani Mitwasi and Yousef Kawar, as well as the Cowboys from Jordan, a band managed by Yousef Kawar. Other notable genres in Jordan are hip hop; which was popularized through DJ Shadia (Shadia Bseiso) through their regional radio show The 5th Element, the only show in the Middle East to broadcast in three countries every week (Jordan, Lebanon and Syria) from 2005 to 2008. DJ Shadia had previously opened for global stars such as Akon, 50 Cent, Sean Paul and Massari. Other popular hip hop artists include Last Standing Poet and MC Niz-r.
Musician Ahmed Radaydeh "RADAYDEH" is a professional Jordanain/Australian musician, composer, arranger and music educator.  They are a guitar, cello and Oud player with over 20 years experience performing and teaching with international musicians like Andrea Bocelli from Italy and Moein from Persia. They have a Master of Music from Monash University/ Melbourne and performed and taught in Jordan, Switzerland, Australia, Dubai and Qatar.
In addition to their latest instrumental albums “INFERNO” & “HUMAN CONDITION” They recently released a new album that paradoxically titled "SENTIMENTAL RAGE" that was mastered by Soundpro studios in Switzerland. The album got approved by Virgin Megastore to be distributed all over the GCC and Falkreations Music (BMI) as the online distributor.
Radaydeh will continue their collaboration with some of the finest musicians around the world; as they are continuing with their music tours.
Latest album available on: https://www.amazon.com/Sentimental-Rage-K-Radaydeh/dp/B07CQMM6XK
Kais Khoury, Ibrahim Baggili, Hani Mitwasi and Yousef Kawar, as well as the Cowboys from Jordan, a band managed by Yousef Kawar. Other notable genres in Jordan are hip hop; which was popularized through DJ Shadia (Shadia Bseiso) through their regional radio show The 5th Element, the only show in the Middle East to broadcast in three countries every week (Jordan, Lebanon and Syria) from 2005 to 2008. DJ Shadia had previously opened for global stars such as Akon, 50 Cent, Sean Paul and Massari. Other popular hip hop artists include Last Standing Poet and MC Niz-r.
As of recent times, Jordan's electronic music scene is rising rapidly among the Jordanian youth, and house music has become a staple in the musical tastes in Jordan. Many raves and underground techno gatherings occur, and electronic music is currently reaching number one status among music genres in Jordan.
A classical composer Zade Dirani, an internationally known composer and pianist, releasing their newest album named Mediterrani.
See also
Tawfiq Al-Nimri
References
Badley, Bill, and Zein al Jundi. "Europe Meets Asia". 2000. In Broughton, Simon and Ellingham, Mark with McConnachie, James and Duane, Orla (Ed.), World Music, Vol. 1: Africa, Europe and the Middle East, pp 391–395. Rough Guides Ltd, Penguin Books.
External links
Sakher Hattar's Music From Jordan Playlist on Youtube
BBC Radio 3 Audio (60 minutes): The Bedouin. Accessed November 25, 2010.
BBC Radio 3 Audio (60 minutes): Amman: Ilham Al madfai, Toni Qattan and Shou Al Ayam. Accessed November 25, 2010.
BBC Radio 3 Audio (60 minutes): Jordan – Amman: Ilham Al Madfai. Accessed November 25, 2010.
Jordanian songs
JadaL band
Kais Khoury .external'
JORavers.com
http://www.joravers.com
Jordanian music
Jordanian culture
Asian music
Arabic music
Om is a sacred syllable in Jainism, Hinduism, Buddhism, and Sikhism.
OM, om, and variations, may also refer to:
Arts and entertainment
Fiction
Om (1995 film), an Indian Kannada film
Om (2003 film), a Bollywood film
Om (2018 film), a Kollywood film
Omkara (2004 film), a 2004 Indian Kannada film
Omkara (2006 film), a 2006 Indian Bollywood film
Om, the lead character in the 2007 Bollywood film Om Shanti Om
Om, any one of the humans in the 1973 animated film Fantastic Planet
Music
Om (band), a doom metal band
Om (Ibarra album), a 1996 album
Om (John Coltrane album), a 1965 album
OM (Negură Bunget album), a 2006 album
Om (Soulfly album), a 2002 album also known as 3
"Om" (The Moody Blues song), a 1968 song
OM Festival, a Canadian electronic music festival
Om Records, a San Francisco-based dance music record label, home to artist like J Boogie, Kaskade, and King Kooba
Of Machines, a post-hardcore band
Orchestra Model, an acoustic guitar by Martin Guitars
People
Om Bhatia, Indo-Canadian actor better known as Akshay Kumar
Om Puri, Indian actor
Om family, eastern Bengali family
Businesses and organizations
MIAT-Mongolian Airlines (IATA code OM)
Odyssey of the Mind, an international problem-solving competition for students
Officine Meccaniche, a former Italian motor vehicle manufacturer
Olympique de Marseille, a French football club
Operation Mobilisation, a Christian non-profit missions organization
Orlando Magic, a basketball team in the NBA
OM AB, a Swedish exchange which merged with Finnish HEX plc to become OMX
Honors and orders
Order of Manitoba, the post-nominal letters indicating membership in an honour of the Crown in Right of Manitoba
Order of Merit, post-nominal letters indicating membership in a high honour from the monarch of the Commonwealth realms
Order of Merit (Jamaica), post-nominal letters indicating membership of the Order of Merit in the Jamaican honours system
Order of the Minims, the post-nominal letters indicating membership in a Roman Catholic religious order founded by Francis of Paola in the fifteenth century in Italy
Language
Oromo language (ISO 639-1: "om")
Oto-Manguean languages (abbreviated as "OM")
Places
Øm Abbey, a Cistercian abbey which was in Søhøjlandet, in Denmark
Om (river), a tributary of the Irtysh in Siberia, Russia
Oman (ISO 3166 country code OM)
.om, the country code top level domain (ccTLD) for Oman
Omu Peak, in the Bucegi Mountains of Romania
Science and technology
Biology and medicine
Occupational medicine, a medical specialty
Osteomyelitis, a bone marrow infection
Otitis media, an infection of the middle ear
Bacterial outer membrane, a layer found in gram-negative bacteria
Computing and telecommunications
.om, the country code top level domain (ccTLD) for Oman
Openmoko Linux, a mobile operating system developed by the Openmoko project
Other uses in science and technology
Olympus OM system, a family of Olympus SLR cameras made between 1972 and 2002
Organic matter
Osipkov–Merritt models, mathematical representations of spherical stellar systems
Other uses
Minim (religious order) (O.M.), is a member of the Roman Catholic religious order of friars
Offering memorandum, in finance, "the OM", prospectus for a bond offering
Old Man, meaning a male amateur radio operator
List of Old Marlburians, alumni of Marlborough College
Old Millfieldians, alumni of Millfield School
Olympique de Marseille, a French football club in Marseille
Om (actor), Bengali actor
Operating margin, in business
Operation Mindfuck, a practice within Discordianism
Orgasmic meditation, a meditational practice in which the object of meditation is finger to genital (usually clitoris) contact
Could be used as a short name for Om Nom from the "Cut the Rope" games.
See also
Aum (disambiguation)
O&M (disambiguation)
OAM (disambiguation)
Ohm (disambiguation)
OMS (disambiguation)
Omu (disambiguation)
Aum Shinrikyo, a Japanese new religious movement, known for carrying out the Sarin gas attacks in the Tokyo subways
The Leonhard Schultze (Leonard Schultze) or Walio–Papi languages are a proposed family of about 6 Papuan languages spoken in the Sepik river basin of northern Papua New Guinea. They are spoken along the border region of East Sepik Province and Sandaun Province, just to the south of the Iwam languages.
The languages are named after the Leonhard Schultze River, which is in turn named after German anthropologist Leonhard Schultze-Jena.
Languages
The Leonard Schultze languages are:
Walio languages: Walio, Pei, Yawiyo, and Tuwari
Papi–Asaba languages: Papi and Suarmin
Classification
The Leonhard Schultze languages were traditionally classified by Laycock and Z'graggen (1975) as part of the Sepik language family.
Foley (2018) classifies the Leonhard Schultze languages separately as an independent language family rather than as part of the Sepik languages (as in previous classifications proposed by others). However, this classification is not accepted by Glottolog, which splits up the Walio and Papi branches and considers them each to be a primary language family.
Vocabulary comparison
The following basic vocabulary words are from Conrad and Dye (1975), as cited in the Trans-New Guinea database:
{| class="wikitable sortable"
! gloss !! Walio !! Yawiyo (Wosawari dialect) !! Papi
|-
! head
| tiᵽo || tipafu || auwiyu
|-
! hair
| tiřeʔ || yei || ařupisi
|-
! ear
| aᵽoᵽo || afe || mʌgʌnaba
|-
! eye
| nogub̶ʌnɛ || nimau || sunweyo
|-
! nose
| tʌᵽsɛᵽoʔ || tɩmʌsi || tʌnipɔku
|-
! tooth
| nʌᵽaᵽala || nʌfe || sʋmunu
|-
! tongue
| nʌgʌya || tanotai || sakeyo
|-
! louse
| natʌᵽi || dibafuyei || ařupɩsɩ
|-
! dog
| kauwaᵽo || ifau; ivau || agabu
|-
! pig
| taǏib̶o || ami ami || tʌmaub̶o
|-
! bird
| || auma || ɔb̶ɔ; ɔːsani
|-
! egg
| naᵽu || aumufu || usouyo
|-
! blood
| liʔ || teyuowa || taneke
|-
! bone
| ipalib̶o || ihuwa || naikʌmio
|-
! skin
| aᵽayo || toefahewa || pʌsiyæ
|-
! breast
| matʌᵽulo || mama || abiyaiɔ
|-
! tree
| biᵽoʔ || yanu || naːb̶ʌkʌ
|-
! man
| ɛlɛgobuwo || to; to iːwa || sanoᵽo
|-
! woman
| tɔkotʌb̶isia || sauto || suːbu
|-
! water
| ǥwei || utlauwe || ařukowa
|-
! fire
| linati || tanuwa; tiyami || řiku
|-
! stone
| ᵽuboʔ || tab̶iya || tab̶iyaio
|-
! road, path
| ʔɛᵽobu || efʌmowa || pʌbřiyaio
|-
! eat
| kanab̶o || afaʔunařu || opo akepo
|-
! one
| aǏia gʌǏaǏilau || ařʌsʌbau || sunuboku
|-
! two
| ǥuřaǥaʔ || ařʌfři || suwʌbiyaio
|}
References
Sepik languages
Languages of Momase Region
"Kalla nätter" () is a song written by Tim Larsson, Johan Fransson, Tobias Lundgren and Niklas Edberger and performed by Jessica Andersson. The song was selected as one of the competing songs in Melodifestivalen 2006, a song competition to represent Sweden at the Eurovision Song Contest. The song came fifth in the third semi-final on 4 March 2006, and was eliminated from the competition.
The single was released two days later than Andersson's debut single, peaking at number six on the Swedish Singles Chart in May.
Track listing
CD single
"Kalla Nätter" (Original Version) - 3:02
"Kalla Nätter" (Singback Version) - 3:02
Charts
Release history
References
2006 singles
2005 songs
Jessica Andersson songs
Melodifestivalen songs of 2006
Songs written by Tim Larsson
Songs written by Tobias Lundgren
Songs written by Niklas Edberger
Songs written by Johan Fransson (songwriter)
Browne Sugar is the debut album by Tom Browne. It was released in 1979 on the GRP Records and reached number six on the Jazz Album chart in 1979.
Track listing
"Throw Down" (Tom Browne) – 3:56
"I Never Was a Cowboy" (Dave Grusin) – 4:24
"Herbal Scent" (Marcus Miller) – 5:22
"Brother, Brother" (Marcus Miller) – 5:36
"The Closer I Get to You" (James Mtume, Reggie Lucas) – 4:38
"What's Going On" (Marvin Gaye, Renaldo Benson, Al Cleveland) – 5:13
"Promises For Spring" (Tom Browne) – 4:50
"Antoinette Like" (Bernard Wright) – 3:40
Personnel
Tom Browne - trumpet, flugelhorn
Dave Grusin - Oberheim synthesizer, electric piano, Clavinet, mini-Moog synthesizer, percussion
Bernard Wright - acoustic and electric piano
Rob Mounsey - Oberheim synthesizer
Buddy Williams - drums
Errol "Crusher" Bennett - percussion, congas
Sue Evans - percussion, congas
Ron Dean Miller - guitar
Marcus Miller, Francisco Centeno - bass
Michael Brecker - tenor saxophone
Frank Floyd, Patti Austin, Vivian Cherry, Zachary Sanders - vocals
Charts
Trivia
The song "Throw Down" can be heard in the video game Grand Theft Auto V on the radio station Worldwide FM.
References
External links
Tom Browne-Browne Sugar at Discogs
1979 debut albums
Tom Browne (trumpeter) albums
GRP Records albums
Albums produced by Dave Grusin
Xiyang Yi Ethnic Township (Yi script:?, ) is an ethnic township in Jinning District, Yunnan.
Demographics and Languages
Among its 10,155 residents, 78% (7,921) are ethnic minorities in China, chiefly Yi people (Lolo) and Hani people, as of 2006. Nuosu language, being one of the Lolo-Burmese languages, is most spoken there.
Geography
Xiyang is away from the Jinning County seat, deep in the mountains, with 60.86% forest cover. Its highest point Leida Hill (雷打山) stands at tall, while its lowest point Xiaoshiban river (小石板河) is at . It has an average annual temperature of 16.8C, annual precipitation of 891.8mm and annual sunshine hours of 2278.5.
References
Township-level divisions of Kunming
Yi ethnic townships
is a Japanese seinen manga magazine which mainly serializes 4-koma manga published by Media Factory. The magazine originally began to be published as a supplement 4-koma magazine in Comic Alive in October 2014 but in June 2015, the publisher announced that Comic Cune would be its own magazine instead of just a supplement for Comic Alive, with the magazine debuting on August 27, 2015 with the titles it had before.
Serialized titles
Alice or Alice
Akarui Kioku Soushitsu
Gal to Otaku wa Wakariaenai
Harukiya-san wa Ijippri
Hinako Note
Karin-chan wa Misetagari
Lulumate
Ms. Vampire Who Lives in My Neighborhood
Neeko wa Tsurai yo
Nyanko Days
Nyoroko no Nama Hōsō!
Pan de Peace!
Popopo no Oneesan
Sakura Maimai
Seishun Sweet Track
Sekai de Ichiban Oppai ga Suki!
Shimeji Simulation
Shiritsu Seijō Gakuen Kirarin Ryō
Siscon Onee-chan to Ki ni Shinai Imouto
Spirits & Cat Ears
Watashi no Go-shūjin-sama wa Ningen Janai Ki ga Suru
Anime adaptations
Pan de Peace! - Spring 2016
Nyanko Days - Winter 2017
Hinako Note - Spring 2017
Alice or Alice - Spring 2018
Ms. Vampire Who Lives in My Neighborhood - Fall 2018
References
External links
Official website
2015 establishments in Japan
Magazines established in 2015
Magazines published in Tokyo
Monthly manga magazines published in Japan
Media Factory magazines
Seinen manga magazines
The Kingdom of Kaimana (Papuan Malay: Petuanan Kaimana; Jawi: كراجأن سرن ايمن مواون) or Kingdom of Sran is one of the oldest Muslim kingdoms in West Papua, Indonesia. The kingdom was established by Imaga, with the title Rat Sran Nati Pattimuni, traditionally in 1309.
History
According to oral history, the ancestor of Sran kingdom came from Mbaham mountains, more specifically in Kumawa Mountains and Baik Bay, These regions were called Pattimunin. Imaga unified the villages and surrounding tribes under their influence by visiting and marriages, unifying the customs and took on the title Rat Sran Nati Patimunin I. "Rat" means king while "Sran" was the region name which encompasses their influence. They made their capital in Weri, in Tunas Gain Bay in Fakfak. In ruling the kingdom, the king has two companions with equal standing under customary law although in practice both were under the king rule, "duduvura adat" which is the tribal council and "Raja Muda" which is usually the king's son. There are also numerous advisors, which includes religious leaders, ahli nujum (shaman), mayora, sangaji, hukom, joujau, kapitang (general) or kapitang laut (admiral) and Orang Kaya (richer men with influence). Imaga had a brother, Imuli who also founded a kingdom, called Kingdom of Baham who ruled from Gar Ati Unin, whose descendants now are known as, Joupiad and Padudade, which are families with customary land right in Baham, Kokas, and Kapaur.
After the death of Imaga, their son, Basir Onin took the throne and move their capital to Borombouw, Adi Island. This was because the location was considered strategic for trade. They took on the title Rat Sran Adi II. After they retired their son, Woran became king. Under the reign of Woran, the kingdom prospered and many villages were under their influence. Their primary methods of expansion was through marriage and not conquest. Under their reign, according to legends, Gajah Mada visited their palace in Borombouw, Adi Island. This Kraton or palace was known as "San Nabe", and in there Gajah Mada gave a Majapahit flag, which was a Red and White coloured flag, and other gifts. In exchange King Woran, gave a daughter and a bird of paradise (Syangga). These contacts between Sran Kingdom and Majapahit was recorded in Negarakertagama which mention a "Sran" as one of regions under Majapahit tributary influence. This 15th century contacts by the Javanese were also recorded in folk stories from people of Patipi Bay to Rumbati.
After the death of Woran, the records are unclear. There supposedly three more kings after Woran, whose influences did not reach the level of Woran. There was also an invasion by Tidore Sultanate supposedly in 1498 during the Hongi expeditions, which suggest Sran Kingdom fell under the influence of Tidore after this. After which, Sran had to send tribute in the form of slaves and yellow bird of paradise as well as spices. The royal family converted to Islam presumably in the 16th century, after moving to Adi island, although the exact date is not known. While according to oral history, islamisation of the region was attributed to Syarif Muaz al-Qathan, which was a Sufi from Yemen. They were also known as "Syekh Juba Biru" or the blue coated Sheikh, who in 15th century successfully converted an Adi ruler by the name of Ade Aria Way to islam, who took the name Samay. According to oral history, the king also invited Alhamid from moluccas with Arab descent to serve as Imam in the community, whose descendants still present in the region till this day. According to Memorie-(Vervolg) van Overgave van de (Onder) Afdeeling West Nieuw Guinea, 1932, Tidore raised a figure called Mayor Wanggita to be king in Adi and Aiduma islands. Although their descendants, did not able to maintain their influence.
The interregnum caused by family infighting continued, until in 1808, Nduvin (the fifth generation descendant of Samay) became the Rat Sran IV. They moved the capital which was still centered in Borombouw, Adi Island, to E'man which is currently known as Kaimana. They married a Wai Princess, from Bonggofut. They had a family name of Ai which originated from Natau mountain in Franyau, which was named Mimbe Werifun. They had a son which is named Nawaratu, or more commonly known as Naro'e. Under the reign of Nduvin, Tidore was recognized as the suzerain of West Papua, and Tidore was in turn a protectorate of the Netherlands. In 1828, Netherlands constructed "Fort du Bus" in Lobo, Namatota, in Kaimana. In the ceremony, multiple tribes and kingdoms was invited which include, Sendawan (King of Namatota), Kassa (King of Lahakia) and Lutu ("Orang Kaya" from Lobo and Mawara). The Dutch recognize these three men as leader of the regions which was symbolized by three silver batons. Under those three, The Netherlands also recognized another twenty eight tribes or vassal kingdom. As a result, Sran Kingdom was recognized under the rule of Namatota Kingdom. Nduvin did not resist the rule of Namatota, and they focused more on fighting and resisting the Hongi expeditions or Hongitochten. In 1898, Nduvin died, and their son Naro'e took power.
Under the reign of Naro'e, the Netherland start to administer the region of New Guinew more directly, Afdeeling Noord Nieuw Guinea was set up and to the south, Afdeeling West en Zuid Nieuw Guinea. These two regions was under the control of resident in Moluccas. Directly circumventing the rule of Naro'e which continued to expand their influence by marrying their family with Fimbay and Rafideso in Miwara, with Kamakula dynasty in Uduma, with Nanggewa family from Bicari Bay, with Nambobo and Ai in Mbaham Iha regions with Boki Sekar. In other pursuits, they fought the expanding Hongi expeditions in their territory with troops called "Sabakor". Naro'e also formed closer relationshio with Namatota Kingdom. They married their daughter, Koviai Bata with Lakatei who became king of Wertuar. Another daughter, Sekar Bata was married with Lamora, king of Namatota. In 1912, they went to Bintuni Bay to meet with Captain Keyts, where they were informed that the Netherlands had set up a government of New guinea, directly invalidating their territory and rule. As a result, they went into exile in Kokas and Babo, for about 10 Years. In this time, their son, Ahmad Aituarauw became the administrator of their capital. In 1922, they returned to their capital in Kaimana, where they instructed the villages to open roads and make palm plantation in Sararota, Nusa Venda, Nanesa, Bitsyari and Lobo. In 1923, they died and was buried next to Baitul Rahim Great Mosque. The Netherland Indies government gave the rule (with no political power other than matters relating to cultural) of Kaimana to the Ahmad Aituarauw with the title of "Commission King Kaimana" in local language is "Rat Sran Rat Eman Umisi VI", where they ruled from 1923 to 1966. Under the reign of Muhammad Achmad, more commonly known as Bestuur Achmad. This is because they became HBA (Hoofd Bestuur Administratie) and a member of Niew Guinea Raad (NGR) in Hollandia, they retired in 1980. The next king of Sran currently is their third son, Abdul Hakim Achmad Aituarauw, which is a member of Golkar Party and was a legislative candidate of People's Representative Council (DPR) in 2019.
List of leaders
Legacies
The royal palace of Sran and a fort were already destroyed, except the Agung Baitul Rahim Mosque as well as the burial complex for Sran royals. This burial complex located on the north of the mosque, contains the grave of the Rat Sran V, Iwafusa; wife of Rat Sran VI, Salma Hakim; and Rat Sran VI, Ahmad Aituarauw. The southeast burial complex are for ulama located inside public cemetery. Chinese burial complex are located to the east of the mosque, or southeast of chinatown.
The mosque was already repaired and reconstructed five times, in 1953 it was reconstructed with the original timber exchanged with cement and rocks but still maintaining the original design, in 1970 porches were added to the north, east and south. As a result it already lost much of its original design. Currently the royal family are trying to collect and find the royal heirloom which was spread all over Eastern Indonesia. Some of the heirlooms were found in Gowa Sultanate, South Sulawesi, because of past royal marriages. A museum was planned to display most of the heirlooms.
See also
Spice trade
List of Sunni Muslim dynasties
References
Precolonial states of Indonesia
Former sultanates
Islamic states in Indonesia
States and territories established in 1309
Divine Gemini is an album of duets by vibraphonist Walt Dickerson and bassist Richard Davis recorded in 1977 for the SteepleChase label.
Reception
Allmusic gave the album 4 stars.
Track listing
All compositions by Walt Dickerson
"Lucille" - 12:33
"Divine Gemini" - 4:02
"Always Positive" - 2:49
"Her Intuition" - 14:24
Personnel
Walt Dickerson - vibraphone
Richard Davis - bass
References
1978 albums
Walt Dickerson albums
Richard Davis (bassist) albums
SteepleChase Records albums
Jan Dieren (born 29 July 1991) is a German politician for the SPD and, since 2021 member of the Bundestag, the federal diet.
Life and politics
Dieren was born in 1991 in the West German town of Moers and was elected directly to the Bundestag in 2021.
References
Living people
1991 births
People from Moers
Social Democratic Party of Germany politicians
Members of the Bundestag 2021–2025
21st-century German politicians
Patrice Ledoux is a French film producer.
Filmography
The Big Blue (1988)
Nikita (1990)
Atlantis (1991)
1, 2, 3, Sun (1993)
Léon (1994)
The Fifth Element (1997)
The Messenger: The Story of Joan of Arc (1999)
Just Visiting (2001)
J'ai faim !!! (2001)
Camping 2 (2010)
The Sense of Wonder (2015)
References
External links
French film producers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Martin Henry McDonnell (27 April 1924 – 7 April 1988) was an English footballer who played as a centre half. They made 412 appearances in the Football League, playing for Southport, Birmingham City, Coventry City, Derby County and Crewe Alexandra.
McDonnell was born in Newton-le-Willows, which was then in Lancashire, in 1924. They played local football for Haydock C&B before joining Everton in 1942. After seven appearances in the wartime leagues spread over the next three seasons, they returned to local football with Earlestown, from where they joined Southport in August 1946, before the Football League resumed after the war. After one season Harry Storer signed them for Birmingham City as deputy for Ted Duckhouse. Two years later, Storer, now managing Coventry City, signed them again, and McDonnell remained at the club for six seasons and played 250 games in all competitions. When Storer took over as manager of Derby County, they promptly signed McDonnell for the third time. After three seasons with Derby, where they played more than 100 games in all competitions and helped the club win the Third Division North title in 1956–57, McDonnell finished off their professional career at Crewe Alexandra. They died in Bedford in 1988.
Honours
Derby County
Third Division North: 1956–57
References
1924 births
1988 deaths
People from Newton-le-Willows
English footballers
Association football central defenders
Everton F.C. players
Southport F.C. players
Birmingham City F.C. players
Coventry City F.C. players
Derby County F.C. players
Crewe Alexandra F.C. players
English Football League players
Earlestown F.C. players
Bagh Bennah (, also Romanized as Bāgh Bennah) is a village in Madvarat Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 31, in 7 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
In the United States, criminal anarchy is the crime of conspiracy to overthrow the government by force or violence, or by assassination of the executive head or of any of the executive officials of government, or by any unlawful means. The advocacy of such doctrine either by word of mouth or writing is a felony in many U.S. states. Circa 1955, the United States Solicitor General said that forty-two States plus Alaska and Hawaii had statutes which in some form prohibited advocacy of the violent overthrow of established government.
Legislation
Federal
At the federal level, criminal anarchy is criminalized by , which makes it an offense punishable by 20 years' imprisonment to advocate the overthrow of the U.S. government. Violation of this statute can also result in losing one's U.S. citizenship. The Constitutionality of these statutes at the present time is highly questionable. In 1925, criminal anarchy statutes were ruled constitutional in the U.S. Supreme Court case of Gitlow v. New York, . However, in 1969, the subsequent U.S. Supreme Court decision of Brandenburg v. Ohio, overturned nearly all criminalization of political speech, including advocacy of the violent overthrow of the government, unless such speech "is directed to inciting or producing imminent lawless action and is likely to incite or produce such action."
State
At the state level, the remaining criminal anarchy statutes (in 2013) are:
Arkansas ()
Colorado ()
Massachusetts ()
Mississippi ()
New York ()
Nevada ()
Florida (to )
Illinois ()
Louisiana ()
Texas ()
Vermont ()
Washington ()
Wisconsin ()
Moreover:
California, Kansas and Ohio forbid parties advocating criminal anarchy from being recognised or qualified for the ballot.
In New Jersey convictions incurred for "anarchy" cannot be expunged.
Georgia law defines "subversive organisations" and "persons" (ie. organisations or persons advocating and/or engaging in acts aiming to overthrowing the government), mandating the dissolution of the former and making the latter ineligible to hold political offices.
See also
Anarchism and violence
Criminal syndicalism
Seditious speech in the United States
Illegalism
Notes
References
Illegal speech in the United States
Political crimes
Anti-anarchism in the United States
Anti-communism in the United States
Political violence in the United States
Let the Daylight Into the Swamp is a 2012 Canadian short docudrama film, directed by Jeffrey St. Jules. Exploring the breakup of their grandparents Donal and Hélène soon after their father's birth, the film is narrated by Matthew Rankin, and dramatizes the original events as acted by a cast that includes Pierre Simpson and Colombe Demers as their grandparents in their youth, and Sean McCann and Diana Leblanc as their grandparents in older age.
The film premiered at the 2012 Toronto International Film Festival. It was a Canadian Screen Award nominee for Best Short Documentary at the 1st Canadian Screen Awards in 2013, and won the Golden Sheaf Award - Best of Festival and Best Experimental at the Yorkton Film Festival.
References
External links
Watch Let the Daylight Into the Swamp at the National Film Board of Canada
2012 short films
2012 films
2012 documentary films
Canadian short documentary films
National Film Board of Canada short films
National Film Board of Canada documentaries
Canadian docudrama films
Films directed by Jeffrey St. Jules
Canadian drama short films
2010s Canadian films
The Ministry of Law and Human Rights is an Indonesian ministry that administers laws and human rights. It is responsible to the president, and is led by the Minister of Law and Human Rights, Yasonna Laoly, since 27 October 2014. The first minister was Soepomo.
History
Nomenclature
The Ministry of Law and Human Rights was established 19 August 1945 as the Department of Justice (). The preceding agency in the Dutch Colonial Era was , based on Herdeland Yudie Staatblad No. 576. In 2001-2004, this ministry was known as the Department of Law and Legislation (). In 2004-2009, this ministry was known as the Department of Law and Human Rights (). Since 2009, it has been known as Ministry of Justice and Human Rights ().
Responsibility
The Department of Justice, as of 1945, was responsible in matters of court, jail, and attorneys. Its responsibilities were expanded to include the Attorney and Topography Agency in 1945. However, the Topography Agency was transferred to the Department of Defense in 1946. The creation of the Department of Religious Affairs resulted in transferring the Islamic High Court () to a new department on 3 January 1946. Since 22 July 1960, the office Attorney General is elevated into a position that equal to a Department because of Minister of Justice Attorney Investigation. Thus, Attorney is independent to Minister of Justice since then. Transfer of General Court () and State Administration Court () to Supreme Court () is started from 1999 and finished on 31 March 1999. Thus, the Ministry has different responsibility.
Organization
Based on Presidential Regulation No. 44/2015, as well as Ministerial Regulation No. 41/2021 on the Ministry Organization and Administration, the Ministry of Law and Human Rights is organized into the following:
Secretariat
Secretariat General () headed by a Secretary General, tasked with coordinating duties, guidance, and administrative support provision for all units within the Ministry. The Secretariat General oversees several units, which follow:
Bureau of Planning ();
Bureau of Human Resource ();
Bureau of Finance ();
Bureau of State-owned Property Management ();
Bureau of Public Relations, Law, and Cooperation (); and
Bureau of General Affairs ().
Directorates-General
Directorate General of Legislation (), tasked with legislation drafting and legislation policy development. It is subdivided into several units, as follow:
DG Secretariat;
Directorate of Legislation Drafting ();
Directorate of Legislation Harmonization I ();
Directorate of Legislation Harmonization II ();
Directorate of Regional Legislation Facilitation and Legislation Drafter Management ();
Directorate of Legislation Enactment, Translation, and Publication (); and
Directorate of Legislation Litigation ().
Directorate General of General Legal Administration (), tasked with policy making and execution in matters relating to general administration of law. It is subdivided into several units, as follow:
DG Secretariat;
Directorate of Private Law ();
Directorate of Criminal Law ();
Directorate of Constitutional Law ();
Directorate of Central Authority and International Law (); and
Directorate of Information Technology ().
Directorate General of Correction (), tasked with policy making and execution in matters relating to criminal corrections. It is subdivided into several units, as follow:
DG Secretariat;
Directorate of Detainee Management, Confiscated Object Management, and State Booties ();
Directorate of Inmate Management and Inmate Productiveness Training ();
Directorate of Correctional Guidance and Alleviation of Minors ();
Directorate of Security and Order ();
Directorate of Healthcare and Rehabilitation (); and
Directorate of Information Technology and Cooperation ().
Directorate General of Immigration (), tasked with policy making and execution on matters relating to immigration. It is subdivided into several units, as follow:
DG Secretariat;
Directorate of Immigration Traffic ();
Directorate of Immigration Residence Permit ();
Directorate of Immigration Intelligence ();
Directorate of Immigration Supervision and Enforcement ();
Directorate of Immigration Cooperation (); and
Directorate of Immigration Information System and Technology ().
Directorate General of Intellectual Property (), tasked with policy making and execution on matters relating to intellectual property rights management. It is subdivided into several units, as follow:
DG Secretariat;
Directorate of Copyrights and Industrial Designs ();
Directorate of Patents, Layout Designs of Integrated Circuit, and Trade Secrets ();
Directorate of Trademarks and Geographical Indications ();
Directorate of Intellectual Property Cooperation and Empowerment ();
Directorate of Intellectual Property Information Technology (); and
Directorate of Intellectual Property Investigation and Dispute Settlement ().
Directorate General of Human Rights (), tasked with policy making and execution on matters relating to human rights. It is subdivided into several units, as follow:
DG Secretariat;
Directorate of Public Communication Service ();
Directorate of Human Rights Cooperation ();
Directorate of Human Rights Dissemination and Empowerment ();
Directorate of Human Rights Instrument (); and
Directorate of Human Rights Facilitation and Information ().
Inspectorate
Inspectorate General () is headed by an Inspector General, and tasked with implementing internal monitoring within the Ministry. The Inspectorate General oversees several units, as follow:
IG Secretariat;
Regional Inspectorate I;
Regional Inspectorate II;
Regional Inspectorate III;
Regional Inspectorate IV;
Regional Inspectorate V; and
Regional Inspectorate VI.
Agencies
National Law Development Agency (), which consists of several units:
Agency Secretariat;
Center for National Law Planning ();
Center for National Law Analysis and Evaluation ();
Center for National Law Documentation and Information Network (); and
Center for Legal Counselling and Aid ().
Agency for Research and Development of Law and Human Rights (), which consists of several units:
Agency Secretariat;
Center for Research and Development of Law ();
Center for Research and Development of Human Rights ();
Center for Policy Research and Development (); and
Center for Law and Human Rights Research Data and Information Management ().
Human Resource Development Agency (), which consists of several units:
Agency Secretariat;
Center for Development, Technical Training and Leadership ();
Center for Functionary Training and Human Rights (); and
Center for Competence Evaluation ().
Advisors
The Advisory Staff to the Minister () directly advises the Minister on various strategic matters. Their work coordination are conducted by the Secretary General.
Advisor to the Minister on Political and Security Affairs ();
Advisor to the Minister on Economic Affairs ();
Advisor to the Minister on Social Affairs ();
Advisor to the Minister on Inter-institutional Relations (); and
Advisor to the Minister on for Bureaucratic Reform Reinforcement ().
Centers
Data and Information Technology Center () provides technical data and IT support for the entire Ministry.
References
See also
Law and Human Rights
Indonesia
Indonesia
Indonesia
Carlos Javier Weber (born 6 January 1966) is an Argentine professional volleyball coach and former player, a former member of the Argentine national team. They represented their native country at the Olympic Games in: Seoul 1988 (bronze medal), Atlanta 1996 and Sydney 2000. They also took part in five World Championship editions (1986, 1990, 1994, 1998, 2002). At the professional club level, they are a two–time Brazilian Champion (1998, 1999). They currently serve as head coach for the PlusLiga team, Indykpol AZS Olsztyn.
Personal life
Javier Weber was born in Buenos Aires. They began playing volleyball at the age of 16 in the local club, River Plate. Weber has a son named Martín, who is also a volleyball player.
Sporting achievements
As a player
National championships
1997/1998 Brazilian Championship, with Ulbra/Diadora
1998/1999 Brazilian Championship, with Ulbra/Pepsi
As a coach
CSV South American Club Championship
Argentina 2010 – with Drean Bolívar
Montes Claros 2017 – with Personal Bolívar
National championships
2003/2004 Brazilian Championship, with Unisul/Florianópolis
2005/2006 Greek Championship, with Panathinaikos Athens
2006/2007 Argentine Cup, with Bolívar Vóley
2006/2007 Argentine Championship, with Bolívar Vóley
2007/2008 Argentine Cup, with Bolívar Vóley
2007/2008 Argentine Championship, with Bolívar Vóley
2008/2009 Argentine Cup, with Bolívar Vóley
2008/2009 Argentine Championship, with Bolívar Vóley
2009/2010 Argentine Cup, with Bolívar Vóley
2009/2010 Argentine Championship, with Bolívar Vóley
2014/2015 Argentine Cup, with Bolívar Vóley
2016/2017 Argentine Championship, with Bolívar Vóley
2018/2019 Argentine Championship, with Bolívar Vóley
2020/2021 Brazilian SuperCup, with Vôlei Taubaté
2020/2021 Brazilian Championship, with Vôlei Taubaté
References
External links
Player profile at LegaVolley.it
Coach profile at Volleybox.net
1966 births
Living people
Volleyball players from Buenos Aires
Argentine men's volleyball players
Argentine volleyball coaches
Volleyball coaches of international teams
Olympic volleyball players of Argentina
Volleyball players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Volleyball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Volleyball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Olympic medalists in volleyball
Olympic bronze medalists for Argentina
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Expatriate volleyball players in Italy
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Brazil
Expatriate volleyball players in Brazil
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Russia
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Poland
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in the United States
AZS Olsztyn coaches
Setters (volleyball)
Guy Caminsky (born July 4, 1977 of Durban, South Africa) is a South African ten-pin bowler. They finished in 13th position at the 2006 AMF World Cup and was crowned the 2008 World Tenpin Masters Champion as they defeated PBA Bowler of the Year Chris Barnes in a nail biting finale. They have represented South Africa on numerous occasions which include the 2006 World Championships and the 1998 Commonwealth Games.
Guy Caminsky also owns a chain of bowling centres together with their father Stan Caminsky. The bowling centres are located in Gateway Shopping Centre, Greenstone Shopping Centre, Pavilion Shopping Centre and Windmill Casino. The chain is named The Fun Company .
Guy's mom (Megan) has stated that if Guy was born a female, they would have been called "Girl Caminsky"
Footnotes
External links
Industry profile of Guy Caminsky
1977 births
Living people
South African Jews
South African ten-pin bowling players
Jodha Akbar is an Indian Historical drama television series that aired from 18 June 2013 to 7 August 2015 on Zee TV and is also digitally available on ZEE5. The show was produced by Ekta Kapoor under Balaji Telefilms. Starring Rajat Tokas and Paridhi Sharma, it was a successful show with praises for its cast performances.
Plot
Jodha Akbar is an epic drama that focuses on how the marriage policy brings the love of Jodha Bai and Akbar in a measure that has changed the destiny of India. This drama period also describes the wars of this time and the relations between the Mughals and Rajputs and how Jodha and Akbar face trials and tribulations to be together. The drama also focuses on the operating Queens, courts, courtesans, ministers and their influence on the love story of Akbar and Jodha Bai. Finally, the show also portrays how Mughal Emperor Jalaluddin Muhammad acquires the title 'Akbar' from the people of India.
Jalaluddin Mohammad, a fearless warrior, son of Emperor Humayun and Hameeda Bano Begum, became the Emperor of the Mughal dynasty at a very young age.  They are under the influence of Bairam Khan, their reagent, and Maham Anga, their foster mother. Bairam Khan has taught Jalal to be a ruthless and cruel ruler, and spread their rule by fear, conquer people by the sword. Jalal, following Bairam Khan's ideals becomes a heartless and fearsome ruler, whom the people dislike. They want to conquer the entire Hindustaan, and presently, they are eyeing the golden Rajputana.
Jodha Bai, princess of Amer, daughter of Raja Bharmal and Rani Mainavati, is a kind and intelligent young girl, who believes in ruling people's hearts and that rule is spread by love and togetherness, not by force.
They decide to go to a far away temple to offer prayers on their birthday, along with Moti Bai, their friend and aide. While offering prayers there, a band of mughal soldiers come and start looting the jewellery of the Goddess. When Moti Bai tries to stop them, they try to molest them Angered at this, Jodha asks who could be so cruel as to rob people of their religions, to which a temple person replied Jalaluddin Mohammad. Jodha pledges to destroy Jalal and present their head in front of the Goddess.
Meanwhile, Moti Bai, embarrassed by the turn of events, decides to commit suicide, but Jodha prevents them This makes Jodha even more vengeful.
Jalal punishes a man for stealing their shoes by cutting off their legs. They decide to meet Sharifuddin, a subedar of, close to Amer, so that they can wait for the right moment to attack the unaware Rajputs.
Cast
Main
Rajat Tokas as Badshah-e-Hind Jalaluddin Muhammad Akbar
Paridhi Sharma as Jodha Bai/Mariam-uz-Zamani/Mallika-e-Hindustan/Laboni (Jodha's evil doppelgänger) and portrayed as Akbar's first and last love.
Manisha Yadav as Salima Sultan Begum
Ashwini Kalsekar as Maham Anga
Smiley Suri / Lavina Tandon as Ruqaiya Sultan Begum
Ravi Bhatia as Salim
Heena Parmar as Anarkali
Recurring
Ankita Dubey as Moti Bai
Chhaya / Ishita as Hamida Banu Begum (Mariam Makani)
Lokendra Rajawat as Shamsuddin Ataga Khan
Amarpreet Rait as Jiji Anga
Chetan Hansraj as Adham Khan and Haidar Khan, Javeda and Adham's son
Munendra Singh Kushwah as Raja Khambar Singh
Prianca Sharma as Javeda Begu
Ankit Raizada as Man Singh I
Jyotsna Chandola as Man bai
Rajeev Saxena as Raja Bharmal
Natasha Sinha as Rani Mainawati
Kunal Bhatia as Rajkumar Bhagwant Das
Nupur Saxena as Sa Bhagawati Ji Sahiba
Bhakti Narula as Rani Lilavati
Shweta Kanoje as Naazima Begam
Shaurya Singh as Raja Todarmal
Kaif Ali Khan as Abdul Rahim Khan-i-Khanan
Gopal K Singh as Birbal
Vijay Badlani as Tansen
Kunal Khosla as Qutubuddin Koka
Sheezan K Mohd as Sultan Murad Mirza and young Akbar
Gaurav Sharma as Sultan Daniyal Mirza
Rohit Joshi as Farhan (Saleem's friend)
Anurag Sharma as Maharana Pratap
Ashok Devaliya as Hoshiyar Khan
Vicky Batra as Kunwar Sujamal
Pranav Misshra as Mirza Muhammad Hakim
Parag Tyagi as Sharifuddin Hussain
Sonakshi More than Bakshi Banu Begum
Mita Vashisht as Mah Chuchak Begum
Naved Aslam as Bairam Khan
Gandharva Pardeshi as Rajkumar Jagganath
Dev Bishit as Rajkumar Khangar
Akhil Vaid as Rajkumar Raj Singh
Abhilash Chaudhary as Raja Drumak
Ajay Paul Singh Andotra as Mantri Lakshman Das
Prince Singh as Suryabhan Singh
Kalyani Trivedi as Shagunibai
Meghna Naidu as Benazir
Ketan Karande as Khyber Zaara
Manoj Patel as Resham Khan
Shilpa Raizada as Nigar/Shehnaz
Raanveer Chahal as Rashid Khan
Dharti Bhatt as Sukanya
Saniya Touqeer as young Anarkali
Ayaan Zubair Rahmani as young Salim
Javed Pathan as Sheikh Gadai
Melanie Pais as Labon
Kamalika Guha Thakurta as Laboni's Mother
Zeba Hussain as Chanda
Historical accuracy
Certain Rajput groups claimed Jodhaa was married to Akbar's son, Jahangir, not Akbar, whereas certain reports state that Jodha and Akbar were not married although the primary history proves that Akbar and the princess of Amber were married on which the show is made as a complete show can't be false. They also protested against the show along with Bharat Ka Veer Putra – Maharana Pratap, another historical series that aired on Sony TV.
The title of the series was criticised by members of the Kshatriya community as misleading, politically motivated historical revisionism that minimised Rajput history. The community protested against the series in Rajasthan, and alleged that if the name was not changed they would not let any Balaji Telefilms films to be released in the state. Ekta Kapoor stated, "I always believe it's 80% history and 20% folklore. There are enough proofs that say it's true, but then there are some people who say it's not. Akbar had a certain graph and we know that. We cannot negate that there was a change of heart in them from a power-hungry ruler to a non-biased one because of their Rajput queen." The story is loosely true but has a wholesome addition of drama.
Production
The producer of the show, Ekta Kapoor was influenced by the 2009 big screen movie, Jodhaa Akbar, directed by Bollywood's Ashutosh Gowariker.
Rajat Tokas who had earlier worked with Ekta Kapoor in the soap opera, Tere Liye was selected to play the role of the protagonist Akbar.
Ekta Kapoor stated they conducted 7000 auditions for the female protagonist Jodha across the nation before selecting Paridhi Sharma.
Ashwini Kalsekar was selected to play the role of Maham Anga, Akbar's primary caretaker and protector.
Adaptations
This series is dubbed in Tamil as same name on Zee Tamil, in Telugu language as same name on Zee Telugu, in Bengali Language as same name on Zee Bangla and in Malayalam language as same name on Zee Keralam.
Awards
References
External links
Jodha Akbar at ZEE5
Indian period television series
Indian historical television series
Balaji Telefilms television series
Zee TV original programming
2013 Indian television series debuts
2015 Indian television series endings
Mughal Empire in fiction
Cultural depictions of Akbar
Cultural depictions of Tansen
Television series set in the 16th century
Cultural depictions of Jahangir
Television series about Islam
Alexander Engelhard (born 26 September 1972) is a German politician for the CSU and since 2021 member of the Bundestag, the federal diet.
Life and politics
Engelhard was born 1972 in the West German city of Ulm and was elected directly for the district of Neu-Ulm to the Bundestag in 2021.
References
Living people
1972 births
People from Ulm
Christian Social Union in Bavaria politicians
Members of the Bundestag 2021–2025
21st-century German politicians
The 1989 Kangaroo Tour of New Zealand was a mid-season tour of New Zealand by the Australia national rugby league team. The Australians played six matches on tour, including a three test series against the New Zealand national rugby league team. The tour began on 4 July and finished on 23 July.
Australia, the reigning Rugby League World Cup champions after having defeated New Zealand 25–12 in the 1988 World Cup Final at Auckland's Eden Park ground, defeated the home side 3–0 in the series. The third test of the series also doubled as the first match of the 1989–1992 Rugby League World Cup tournament.
The series was broadcast to Australia by the Nine Network with commentary provided by Ray Warren and Darrell Eastlake.
As of 2017, this remains the last full mid-season Kangaroo tour of New Zealand in which the Australians played against club and regional teams.
Leadership
Don Furner had stepped down after three successful years as coach and was replaced by 1978 Kangaroo tour captain and Manly-Warringah's 1987 premiership winning coach Bob Fulton. Wally Lewis was the captain of the side as they had been since 1984 while Manly-Warringah's Paul Vautin was the team vice-captain. Vautin captained the team in the three non-test games of the tour.
Touring squad
Queensland had won the 1989 State of Origin series with a 3–0 clean sweep of New South Wales prior to the tour. Of the 20-man touring team, 12 were from Qld with 8 from NSW. Balmain Tigers front rower Steve Roach was the only tourist who had not played in the Origin series.
Only 10 players from the touring party would go on to be selected for the 1990 Kangaroo tour of Great Britain and France.
|- bgcolor="#CCCCFF"
| Player
| Club
| Position(s)
| Games
| Tests
| Tries
| Goals
| F/Goals
| Points
|-
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
| Greg Alexander
| Penrith Panthers
|
| 5
| 2
| 5
| –
| –
| –
|-
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
| Sam Backo
| Brisbane Broncos
|
| 6
| 3
| 1
| –
| –
| 4
|-
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
| Gary Belcher
| Canberra Raiders
|
| 5
| 3
| 3
| –
| –
| 12
|-
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
| Martin Bella
| North Sydney Bears
|
| 3
| –
| –
| –
| –
| –
|-
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
| Bradley Clyde
| Canberra Raiders
|
| 4
| 3
| 1
| –
| –
| 4
|-
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
| Tony Currie
| Brisbane Broncos
|
| 5
| 3
| 2
| –
| –
| 8
|-
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
| Michael Hancock
| Brisbane Broncos
|
| 6
| 3
| 3
| –
| –
| 12
|-
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
| Des Hasler
| Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles
|
| 4
| 2
| 1
| –
| –
| 4
|-
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
| Peter Jackson
| Brisbane Broncos
|
| 3
| –
| –
| –
| –
| –
|-
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
| Wally Lewis (c)
| Brisbane Broncos
|
| 3
| 3
| –
| –
| –
| –
|-
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
| Bruce McGuire
| Balmain Tigers
|
| 5
| 2
| –
| –
| –
| –
|-
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
| Mal Meninga
| Canberra Raiders
|
| 3
| 3
| 1
| 8
| –
| 20
|-
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
| Michael O'Connor
| Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles
|
| 5
| 2
| 3
| 15
| –
| 42
|-
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
| Steve Roach
| Balmain Tigers
|
| 5
| 3
| –
| –
| –
| –
|-
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
| Dale Shearer
| Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles
|
| 5
| 3
| 5
| –
| –
| 20
|-
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
| Paul Sironen
| Balmain Tigers
|
| 3
| 2
| 1
| –
| –
| 4
|-
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
| Dan Stains
| Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks
|
| 3
| –
| –
| –
| –
| –
|-
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
| David Trewhella
| Eastern Suburbs Roosters
|
| 3
| –
| –
| –
| –
| –
|-
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
| Paul Vautin (vc)
| Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles
|
| 6
| 3
| –
| 1
| –
| 2
|-
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
| Kerrod Walters
| Brisbane Broncos
|
| 5
| 3
| 1
| –
| –
| 4
|-
Tour
The Australians played six games on the tour, winning five.
New Zealand XIII: Morvin Edwards, Sam Panapa, Dave Watson, Tea Ropati, David Ewe, Kelly Shelford, Phil Bancroft, George Mann, Duane Mann, Russell Tuuta, Shane Hansen, Francis Leota, Mike Kuiti (c). Res - Gary Mercer, Peter Brown.
Australia: Gary Belcher, Michael O'Connor, Peter Jackson, Tony Currie, Michael Hancock, Des Hasler, Greg Alexander, Sam Backo, David Trewhella, Steve Roach, Bruce McGuire, Dan Stains, Paul Vautin (c). Res - Kerrod Walters, Martin Bella.
First test
Auckland: Carl Magatogia, Sam Panapa, Mike Patton, Dave Watson, Kevin Pulieta, Kelly Shelford (c), Neville Ramsay, Mike Thomson, Peter Ropati, George Mann, Tawera Nikau, Francis Leota, Shane Hansen. Res - Tea Ropati, Taime Tagaloa. Coach - Cameron Bell
Australia: Dale Shearer, Michael O'Connor, Peter Jackson, Tony Currie, Michael Hancock, Des Hasler, Greg Alexander, Sam Backo, David Trewhella, Martin Bella, Dan Stains, Bruce McGuire, Paul Vautin (c). Res - Bradley Clyde.
The 26-24 loss to Auckland was the Kangaroos first loss to a club or provincial team since losing 12-11 to NZ side South Island during the 1980 NZ tour. As of 2021 it remains the last time an Australian side has lost a non-test match. This was also the last time the Australians would play a match at Carlaw Park.
Second test
Wellington: Morvin Edwards, David Ewe, George Lajpold, Charlie McAlister, Victor Aramoana, Geoffrey Tangira, Sibi Raika, Arnold Lomax, Barry Harvey (c), Daroa Ben-Moide, Sonny Whakarau, Kelly Makoare, Mike Kuiti.
Australia: Gary Belcher, Michael O'Connor, Peter Jackson, Dale Shearer, Michael Hancock, Paul Vautin (c), Greg Alexander, Steve Roach, David Trewhella, Martin Bella, Dan Stains, Paul Sironen, Bruce McGuire. Res - Kerrod Walters, Sam Backo.
As of 2017, this remains the last game Australia has played against a NZ club or provincial side.
Third test
The dead rubber third test also doubled as the first game of the 1989–1992 Rugby League World Cup tournament. It also saw the first time that the Mount Smart Stadium would host a rugby league test match. Australia's vice-captain Paul Vautin played their 13th and last test match. Tony Currie, Sam Backo and Bruce McGuire also played their last tests. With Paul Sironen out injured, Mal Meninga moved into the second row. After 9 tests on the wing, Dale Shearer played their first test at centre with Michael O'Connor coming in on the wing. This would also be the 24th and last time Wally Lewis would captain Australia in a test match.
During the second half of the game, Australian captain Wally Lewis pulled off a massive (but fair) hit on Kiwi fullback Darrell Williams. Lewis later told that they thought they were lining up Brendon Tuuta who had produced a fair bit of foul play through the series, only to look down at the tackled player and find it was Williams and not Tuuta.
Statistics
Leading Try Scorer
5 by Greg Alexander and Dale Shearer
Leading Point Scorer
42 by Michael O'Connor (3 tries, 15 goals)
Largest Attendance
26,000 - Second test vs New Zealand at Rotorua International Stadium
Largest non-test Attendance
9,000 - Australia vs Auckland at Carlaw Park
References
Rugby league tours of New Zealand
Australia national rugby league team tours
Kangaroo tour of New Zealand
Kangaroo tour of New Zealand
Events from the year 2008 in the country of Russia.
Incumbents
President: Vladimir Putin (until 8 May), Dmitry Medvedev (from 8 May)
Prime Minister: Viktor Zubkov (until 8 May), Vladimir Putin (from 8 May)
Minister of Defence: Anatoliy Serdyukov
Events
March 2: 2008 Russian presidential election is occurred, Dmitry Medvedev won the election.
May 7: Dmitry Medvedev becomes President of Russia.
May 24: Dima Bilan wins the Eurovision Song Contest 2008 in Belgrade, Serbia
August 7–16: Russia–Georgia war
August 8–11: Battle of Tskhinvali
August 9–12: Battle of the Kodori Valley
August 9/10: Battle off the coast of Abkhazia
August 9–19: Occupation of Poti
August 13–22: Occupation of Gori
28 August – The Russian group Voina staged the Fuck for the heir Puppy Bear! performance at the Timiryazev State Biological Museum in Moscow to protest at the election of Dmitry Medvedev in the 2008 Russian presidential election.
Births
Deaths
January
January 3 -
Aleksandr Abdulov, 54, Russian actor, lung cancer.
Nikolay Puzanov, 69, Russian Soviet biathlete, 1968 Olympic Gold medalist.
August
August 9 - Denis Vetchinov
September
September 24 - Ruslan Yamadayev, 46, Chechen warlord and member of Russian State Duma, shot.
See also
List of Russian films of 2008
References
External links
Years of the 21st century in Russia
2000s in Russia
Edwin Batista Otero, better known musically as Jenay, was a Puerto Rican reggaeton artist.
Jenay worked with singers such as Ñengo Flow, Ozuna, Trebol Clan, Juanka, and others.
Death
Jenay was killed in a Ford Explorer, consequence of a drive-by shooting at the age of 42 in Villa del Toa in Toa Alta, Puerto Rico in 2019. There were 80 bags of marijuana in the car where they were found with multiple gunshot wounds. Their death was lamented by various artists such as Noriel, J Álvarez, Nio Garcia, and others.
References
1977 births
2019 deaths
People from Toa Alta, Puerto Rico
Puerto Rican reggaeton musicians
Deaths by firearm in Puerto Rico
Splügen (Romansh: Spleia, Italian: Spluga) is a former municipality in the Viamala Region in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. On 1 January 2006 Splügen incorporated its neighbouring municipality of Medels im Rheinwald. On 1 January 2019 the former municipalities of Hinterrhein, Nufenen and Splügen merged to form the new municipality of Rheinwald.
In 1995, the Swiss Heritage Society bestowed the Wakker Prize to Splügen.
History
Splügen is first mentioned about 840 as cella in Speluca.
Geography
Splügen has an area, , of . Of this area, 38.3% is used for agricultural purposes, while 17.8% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 1% is settled (buildings or roads) and the remainder (42.9%) is non-productive (rivers, glaciers or mountains).
Before 2017, the municipality was located in the Rheinwald sub-district, of the Hinterrhein district, after 2017 it was part of the Viamala Region. It consists of the village of Splügen and since 1 January 2006, Medels im Rheinwald. It is a haufendorf (an irregular, unplanned and quite closely packed village, built around a central square) located on a ridge between the Splügen pass and San Bernardino pass.
The Splügen Pass road leads from Splügen to Chiavenna and rises to a height of . The Italian name for the pass is Passo dello Spluga. The pass is closed in winter nowadays and the whole route hosts a number of historically interesting spots that can be reached on a common multiday hike between Thusis and Chiavenna, passing the two gorges Roflaschlucht and Viamala north of Splügen.
Demographics
Splügen has a population (as of ) of . , 10.7% of the population was made up of foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years the population has decreased at a rate of -8.3%.
, the gender distribution of the population was 50.0% male and 50.0% female. The age distribution, , in Splügen is; 25 people or 13.2% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old. 22 people or 11.6% are 10 to 14, and 3 people or 1.6% are 15 to 19. Of the adult population, 8 people or 4.2% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 35 people or 18.5% are 30 to 39, 20 people or 10.6% are 40 to 49, and 15 people or 7.9% are 50 to 59. The senior population distribution is 28 people or 14.8% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 21 people or 11.1% are 70 to 79, there are 11 people or 5.8% who are 80 to 89, and there are 1 people or 0.5% who are 90 to 99.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SVP which received 47.6% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the FDP (23.4%), the SPS (22.6%) and the CVP (6.2%).
In Splügen about 67.6% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a Fachhochschule).
Splügen has an unemployment rate of 0.33%. , there were 39 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 16 businesses involved in this sector. 27 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 6 businesses in this sector. 150 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 30 businesses in this sector.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Languages
Most of the population () speaks German (89.8%), with Italian being second most common (2.7%) and Portuguese being third (2.4%).
Tourism
Skiing
Splügen, in the winter, is a ski resort with a lift going in the direction of the Splügen Pass.
Heritage sites of national significance
The former Säumerherberge (mule drivers hostel) Weiss Kreuz is listed as a Swiss heritage sites of national significance.
Wakker Prize
In 1995, the Swiss Heritage Society bestowed the Wakker Prize to Splügen. The prize description notes that Splügen had reached a notable compromise between preservation and tourism. The old town was strictly protected to maintain the original appearance, while rational zone planning allowed development to occur outside the old village.
References
External links
Official Web site
Rheinwald
Former municipalities of Graubünden
Cities in Switzerland
Ski areas and resorts in Switzerland
Cultural property of national significance in Graubünden
Marco Antonio Campeggi (died 1553) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Grosseto (1528–1553).
Biography
On 23 March 1528, Marco Antonio Campeggi was appointed during the papacy of Pope Clement VII as Bishop of Grosseto.
They served as Bishop of Grosseto until their death in 7 May 1553.
References
Sources
External links
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
16th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Bishops appointed by Pope Clement VII
Bishops of Grosseto
1553 deaths
The 2023–24 UEFA Europa League will be the 53rd season of Europe's secondary club football tournament organised by UEFA, and the 15th season since it was renamed from the UEFA Cup to the UEFA Europa League.
The final will be played at the Aviva Stadium in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. The winners of the tournament will automatically qualify for the 2024–25 UEFA Champions League group stage, and also earn the right to play against the winners of the 2023–24 UEFA Champions League in the 2024 UEFA Super Cup.
This edition will be the final season with the current format of 32 teams participating at the group stage, after UEFA announced that a brand-new format would be introduced for the following edition.
Association team allocation
A total of 58 teams from between 31 and 36 of the 55 UEFA member associations are expected to participate in the 2023–24 UEFA Europa League. Among them, 15 associations have teams directly qualifying for the Europa League, while for the other 40 associations that do not have any teams directly qualifying, between 15 and 20 of them may have teams playing after being transferred from the Champions League (the only member association which cannot have a participant is Liechtenstein, which does not organise a domestic league, and can only enter their cup winner into the Europa Conference League given their association ranking). The association ranking based on the UEFA country coefficients is used to determine the number of participating teams for each association:
The titleholders of the UEFA Europa Conference League will be given an entry in the Europa League (if they do not qualify to the Champions League through league performance).
Associations 1–5 each have two teams qualify.
Associations 6–15 each have one team qualify.
37 teams eliminated from the 2022–23 UEFA Champions League are transferred to the Europa League.
Association ranking
For the 2023–24 UEFA Europa League, the associations are allocated places according to their 2022 UEFA country coefficients, which takes into account their performance in European competitions from 2017–18 to 2021–22.
Distribution
The following is the access list for this season.
If the suspension of Russian clubs from European competitions is upheld for the 2023–24 European season, and if the Europa Conference League titleholders already qualify for the Europa League, or the Champions League through their league position, the following changes to the access list will be made:
The cup winners of association 7 (Netherlands) enter the group stage instead of the play-off round
The cup winners of associations 13 (Belgium), 14 (Switzerland) and 15 (Greece) enter the play-off round instead of the third qualifying round.
The cup winners of associations 16 (Czech Republic) and 17 (Norway) enter the third qualifying round instead of the Europa Conference League.
Teams
The labels in the parentheses show how each team qualified for the place of its starting round:
CW: Cup winners
4th, 5th, etc.: League position of the previous season
UCL: Transferred from the Champions League
GS: Third-placed teams from the group stage
CH/LP PO: Losers from the play-off round (Champions/League Path)
CH/LP Q3: Losers from the third qualifying round (Champions/League Path)
CH/LP Q2: Losers from the second qualifying round (Champions/League Path)
The third qualifying round is divided into Champions Path (CH) and Main Path (MP).
Notes
Schedule
The schedule of the competition is as follows. Matches are scheduled for Thursdays apart from the final, which takes place on a Wednesday, though exceptionally can take place on Tuesdays or Wednesdays due to scheduling conflicts.
See also
2023–24 UEFA Champions League
2023–24 UEFA Europa Conference League
2024 UEFA Super Cup
2023–24 UEFA Women's Champions League
2023–24 UEFA Youth League
References
External links
2023–24 UEFA Europa League
1
2023-24
Scheduled association football competitions
Half the Blood of Brooklyn is a 2007 pulp-noir / horror novel by American writer Charlie Huston. It is the third novel in the Joe Pitt Casebooks, following No Dominion. The series follows the life of the New York vampyre Joe Pitt, who works sometimes as an enforcer for various vampyre factions in New York and sometimes as a sort of detective.
Plot summary
Characters
External links
Author Charlie Huston's Official Website and Blog
2000s horror novels
2007 American novels
Contemporary fantasy novels
American horror novels
American thriller novels
American vampire novels
Novels set in Brooklyn
Del Rey books
Alexei Vasilievich Haieff (August 25, 1914 – March 1, 1994) was an American composer of orchestral and choral works.  They are known for following Stravinsky's neoclassicism, observing an austere economy of means, and achieving modernistic effects by a display of rhythmic agitation, often with jazzy undertones.
Background
Born in Blagoveshchensk, in the Russian Far East, Haieff received their primary education at Harbin, Manchuria. In 1931 they went to the U.S., where they studied with Rubin Goldmark and Frederick Jacobi at the Juilliard School of Music in New York City (1934–38). In 1938-39 they also studied with Nadia Boulanger in Paris and in Cambridge, Massachusetts. They became a U.S. citizen and held U.S. citizenship for 55 years, until their death.
They held a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1946 and again in 1949, and was a Fellow at the American Academy in Rome (1947–48). Their Divertimento (1944) was choreographed by George Balanchine in 1947. They won the Rome Prize in 1949. They were a professor at the University at Buffalo (1962–68), and composer-in-residence at the University of Utah (1968–70). Their Piano Concerto won the New York Music Critics' Circle Award (1952) and their 2nd Symphony the American International Music Fund Award (1957).
Haieff's notable students include Paul Ramsier.
They were married to Sheila Jeanne Agatha van Meurs in 1988. They died in Rome, Italy, at the age of 79.
List of works
Ballets
The Princess Zondilda and Them Entourage (1946)
Beauty and the Beast (1947)
Orchestral
Symphony No. 1 (1942)
Symphony No. 2 (Boston, April 11, 1958)
Symphony No. 3 (New Haven, Conn., April 11, 1961)
Divertimento (N.Y., April 5, 1946)
Violin Concerto (1948)
Piano Concerto (N.Y., April 27, 1952)
Ballet in E (1955)
Éloge for Chamber Orch. (1967)
Chamber music
Sonatina for String Quartet (1937)
3 Bagatelles for Oboe and Bassoon (1939)
Serenade for Oboe, Clarinet, Bassoon, and Piano (1942)
Eclogue for Cello and Piano (1947)
String Quartet (1951)
La Nouvelle Héloïse for Harp and String Quartet (1963)
Cello Sonata (1963)
Rhapsodies for Guitar and Harpsichord (1980)
Wind Quintet (1983)
Piano Compositions
Sonata for 2 Pianos (1945)
Gifts and Semblances (1940–48)
Five Pieces for Piano (1946–48)
Four Juke Box Pieces (1952)
Notes of Thanks (1954–61)
Piano Sonata (1955)
Vocal/Choral
Caligula for Baritone and Orch., after Robert Lowell (N.Y., Nov. 5, 1971)
Recordings in current CD release ( with selected movements available on YouTube):
Piano Concerto (N.Y., April 27, 1952) CD Tiger of Harbin
Divertimento (N.Y., April 5, 1946) CD Kyriena
Ballet in E (1955) CD Kyriena
Sonata for Violoncello and Piano (1963) CD Kyriena
String Quartet (1951) CD Kyriena
Sonata for 2 Pianos (1945) CD Kirill and Anna Gliadkovsky Play Alexei Haieff (also on CD Tiger of Harbin)
Gifts and Semblances (1940–48) CD Kirill and Anna Gliadkovsky Play Alexei Haieff (also on CD Manhattan Piano)
Five Pieces for Piano (1946–48) CD Manhattan Piano
Four Juke Box Pieces (1952) CD Manhattan Piano (also on CD K and A Gliadkovsky Play A H)
Notes of Thanks (1954–61) CD Manhattan Piano
Piano Sonata (1955) CD Manhattan Piano (also on CD Tiger of Harbin)
References
External links
The Alexei Haieff papers(the composer's personal papers and scores) in the Music Division of The New York Public Library for the Performing Arts.
(https://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2010/03/04/AR2010030404787.html Review of Haieff Divertimento ballet performance in Mar 2010 Kennedy Center, Washington D.C.
New York Times obituary
Interview with Alexei Haieff, August 17, 1989
(https://web.archive.org/web/20200225202926/http://www.alexei.com/ New CD releases of Alexei Haieff music by Alexei Records, January 21, 2010
1914 births
1994 deaths
20th-century American composers
20th-century American male musicians
American male composers
Ballet composers
Juilliard School alumni
University at Buffalo faculty
People from Blagoveshchensk
Soviet emigrants to the United States
South Texada Island Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located on the southwest side of Texada Island. Created in 1997, the park is approximately 900 ha. in area.
References
Provincial parks of British Columbia
Texada Island
Protected areas established in 1997
1997 establishments in British Columbia
Iasonas Stavropoulos (; born 10 January 2000) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Super League 2 club Asteras Vlachioti.
Career
Panachaiki
On 16 August 2018, Stavropoulos signed a professional contract with Panachaiki.
On 1 March 2020, Stavropoulos made their professional debut against Chania.
References
External links
Iasonas Stavropoulos at worldfootball.net
Iasonas Stavropoulos at pfc1891.gr
2000 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Football League (Greece) players
Super League Greece 2 players
Panachaiki F.C. players
Association football midfielders
Footballers from Patras
Alvisi is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Alessandro Alvisi (1887–1951), Italian horse rider
(born 1977), Italian bicycle racer
Lorenzo Alvisi, Italian computer scientist
Italian-language surnames
Lavinia Tananta is the defending champion of the Women's Singles competition of the 2011 Southeast Asian Games but lost to Anna Clarice Patrimonio in the quarterfinals. Ayu-Fani Damayanti won the title after beating top seed Noppawan Lertcheewakarn in the final by 6–4, 6–1.
Medalists
Draw
Seeds
All the four seeds received byes to the quarterfinals.
Noppawan Lertcheewakarn (final)
Ayu-Fani Damayanti (champion)
Nicha Lertpitaksinchai (semifinals)
Lavinia Tananta (quarterfinals)
Main draw
References
Draw
SEAG2011 Start/Result Lists - Tennis
Women's Singles
New Market Ward is a ward located under Nagaland's capital city, Kohima. The ward falls under the designated Ward No. 8 of the Kohima Municipal Council.
Education
Educational Institutions in Daklane Ward:
Schools
Modern School
New Market Government High School
See also
Municipal Wards of Kohima
References
External links
Map of Kohima Ward No. 8
Kohima
Wards of Kohima
The 2001–02 FA Premier League (known as the FA Barclaycard Premiership for sponsorship reasons) was the tenth season of the competition. It began with a new sponsor, Barclaycard, and was titled the FA Barclaycard Premiership, replacing the previous sponsor, Carling. The title race turned into a battle among four sides – Arsenal, Manchester United, Liverpool and Newcastle United.
Arsenal clinched the title on 8 May 2002 after a convincing win against Manchester United at Old Trafford, in the penultimate game of the season. This new attacking Arsenal side had won the FA Cup five days before and made history by accomplishing their third double, their second under the reign of Arsène Wenger, who showed their commitment by signing a new four-year deal with Arsenal.
The season started on 18 August 2001 and ended on 11 May 2002.
Season summary
At the start of 2002 the title race was wide open, with the likes of Newcastle United and Leeds United contesting at the top of the table along with the usual likes of Arsenal and Manchester United. Newcastle, after back-to-back away wins at Arsenal and Leeds during the Christmas period, confirmed themselves as genuine title challengers and led the league at the turn of the year. Leeds had topped the table at Christmas prior to losing at Elland Road to Newcastle.
Despite being top of the table at the start of December – eleven points clear of Manchester United – Liverpool underwent a severe slump, falling to fifth place, five points behind United. Would-be contenders Chelsea, Newcastle United and Leeds United had by this point disappeared into the chasing pack.
January saw Liverpool travelling to both Highbury and Old Trafford in the space of a fortnight. Liverpool's Danny Murphy scored a late winner to give the Merseyside club all three points against United, and John Arne Riise then salvaged a point for Liverpool against Arsenal, allowing Manchester United to top the table for the first time that season.
In March, Arsenal were installed as strong favourites for the Premiership title after Liverpool's defeat to Tottenham Hotspur. Arsenal's April triumph against Bolton Wanderers brought them to within three points of a second Premier League title under Arsène Wenger.
Fittingly, the Premiership title would be decided at Old Trafford as Arsenal and Manchester United faced one another in a decisive encounter. Arsenal only required a draw to guarantee their second title in five seasons to go with their FA Cup victory against London rivals Chelsea four days previously; United had to win to take the title race to the last day. In the end, Arsenal emerged victorious as their record signing Sylvain Wiltord scored the only goal of the game as Arsenal was confirmed Premiership champions with a game to spare. Manchester United's disappointment was compounded by Liverpool leapfrogging them into second place by virtue of their 4–3 victory against Blackburn Rovers.
On the final day of the season Liverpool confirmed second place by trashing soon to be relegated Ipswich Town 5–0 at Anfield. Arsenal rounded off their successful league campaign in style, beating Everton 4–3 at Highbury. Manchester United limped to a poor draw against Charlton Athletic, completing a disappointing campaign for the deposed league champions.
For the first time in the history of the Premier League, all three promoted teams avoided relegation – Fulham, Bolton Wanderers and Blackburn Rovers. Blackburn Rovers and Bolton Wanderers avoided relegation until 2011–12, when the three promoted teams of 2010–11 coincidentally avoided relegation again, whilst Fulham avoided relegation until the 2013–14 season.
Fulham had splashed out £34 million on new players during the close season, with their owner Mohamed Al-Fayed being one of the wealthiest benefactors in English football. They even boasted that they would win the Premiership title in 2001–02, and most pundits tipped Fulham, managed by former French international Jean Tigana, to push for a place in Europe. However, Fulham finished thirteenth, 47 points away from Arsenal.
Bolton Wanderers went top of the Premiership after winning their first three fixtures of the season, causing an upset by beating Gérard Houllier's Liverpool in the latter stage of the game. Manager Sam Allardyce was boasting that their side were good enough to win their first ever league title, but Bolton's league form slumped after the first two months of the season and they finished 16th place – their survival confirmed in the penultimate game of the season.
Blackburn Rovers were the most successful of the promoted sides. Graeme Souness' men beat Tottenham Hotspur 2–1 in the League Cup final to lift the trophy for the first time, and then climbed from 18th place in the Premiership in late February to finish in a secure 10th place – higher than any other newly promoted team that season. Blackburn secured a UEFA Cup place for 2002–03.
Leicester City was the first team officially relegated from the Premiership, finishing bottom of table with just five Premiership wins in their last season at 111-year-old Filbert Street before relocation to the new 32 000-seat Walkers Stadium. The club went through the regime of two managers during the season – Peter Taylor was replaced by Dave Bassett in early October; six months later Bassett joined the club's board to be replaced by former assistant manager Micky Adams.
Just after the start of the 2002–03 season, Leicester's relegation (which cost them extensive television revenue) and the cost of their new stadium had created debts in excess of £30 million, and the club went into administration before being taken over by a new owner. Despite this setback, Leicester gained promotion back to the Premiership at the first time of asking, although they slipped back down again after just one season and Adams had since resigned to make way for new manager Craig Levein.
Next to go down were Derby County, who had been promoted alongside Leicester six years earlier. Manager Jim Smith resigned in early October to be replaced by assistant manager Colin Todd, who was sacked three months later after Derby were knocked out of the FA Cup by Division Three strugglers Bristol Rovers.
The last team to be relegated were Ipswich Town, who had qualified for the UEFA Cup and earned manager George Burley the Manager of the Year award the previous season after finishing fifth. Ipswich made a terrible start to the season, winning just one of their first 18 Premiership games. They then went on a strong run of form, winning seven out of eight games, which looked to have secured their Premiership survival, but they then suffered another setback which George Burley's men were unable to reverse, and their relegation was confirmed on the final day of the season by a 5–0 thrashing at Liverpool.
Teams
Twenty teams competed in the league – the top seventeen teams from the previous season and the three teams promoted from the First Division. The promoted teams were Fulham, Blackburn Rovers and Bolton Wanderers, returning after a top flight absence of thirty-three, two and three years respectively. This was also Fulham's first season in the Premier League. They replaced Manchester City, Coventry City and Bradford City, ending their one, thirty-four and two-year top flight spells respectively.
Stadiums and locations
Personnel and kits
1 The Dreamcast logo appeared on Arsenal's home and third shirts while the Sega logo appeared on their away shirt
Managerial changes
League table
Results
Season statistics
Scoring
Top scorers
Hat-tricks
Note: P Player scored a perfect hat-trick; (H) – Home; (A) – Away
Top assists
Awards
Monthly awards
Annual awards
See also
2001–02 in English football
References
External links
2001–02 FA Premier League Season at RSSSF
2001/02 FA Premier League Review
Premier League seasons
Eng
1
James De Mille (23 August 1833 – 28 January 1880) was a professor at Dalhousie University, Nova Scotia, and an early Canadian novelist who published numerous works of popular fiction from the late 1860s through the 1870s.
Life
De Mille was born in Saint John, New Brunswick, son of the merchant and shipowner, Nathan De Mille. They attended Horton Academy in Wolfville and spent one year at Acadia University. They then travelled with their brother Elisha Budd to Europe, spending half a year in England, France and Italy, scenes of which became settings for many of their works. Soon after their return to North America, they attended Brown University, from which they obtained a Master of Arts degree during 1854. They married Anne Pryor, daughter of the president of Acadia University, John Pryor, and was there appointed professor of classics. They served there until 1865 when they accepted a new appointment at Dalhousie as professor of English and rhetoric. They continued to write and teach at Dalhousie until their early death at the age of 46.
Works
Their most popular work with contemporaries, and the work for which they are most known presently, is A Strange Manuscript Found in a Copper Cylinder, which was serialized posthumously in the magazine Harper's Weekly, and published in book form by Harper and Brothers of New York City, during 1888.
Other works included the 1867 historical novel Helena's Household: A Tale of Rome in the First Century (the 1890 edition was subtitled : An Ideal of Roman Life in the Time of Paul and Nero), and the following:
A Book for Boys: Containing Stories of Boys Who Won Their Way to Honor or Wealth by Obedience, Industry, and Piety (1860?)
The Martyr of the Catacombs: A Tale of Ancient Rome (1865) -- originally published under the pseudonym, "An Anonymous Christian"
A Week at Forestdale, Being a Summer Idyl (1868)
A Castle in Spain (1869)
Cord and Creese (1869)
The Lady of the Ice (1870)
The Cryptogram (1871)
The American Baron (1872)
A Comedy of Terrors (1872)
The Dodge Club; or Italy in 1859 (1873)
An Open Question (1873)
The Seven Hills (1873)
The Treasure of the Seas (1873)
The Lily and the Cross: A Novel/Tale of Acadia (1874)
The Living Link (1874)
Among the Brigands (1875)
The Babes in the Wood, a Tragic Comedy: A Story of the Italian Revolution of 1848 (1875)
John Wheeler's Two Uncles, or Launching Into Life: A Story for Boys (1877)
The Winged Lion; or Stories of Venice (1877)
Old Garth: A Story of Sicily (1883)
Behind the Veil: A Poem (1893)
Nest of Pyrates: Pirate Verse from the Seven Seas (????)
Sweet Maiden of Passamaquoddy (????)
The B.O.W.C. Club series:
The Brethren of the White Cross: A Book for Boys (aka The "B.O.W.C.") (1869)
The Boys of Grand Pre School (1870)
Lost in the Fog (1870)
Fire in the Woods (1871)
Picked Up Adrift (1872)
Nonfiction:
The Early English Church (1877)
The Elements of Rhetoric (1878)
Many of DeMille's books were originally published in serial form in such periodicals as Harper's Weekly.
Further reading
Biography at the Dictionary of Canadian Biography Online
Douglas Edward MacLeod, A Critical Biography of James DeMille. MA Thesis, Dalhousie University. 1968
Leonard Vandervaart, Ideas in the Fiction of Victorian Canada: James de Mille, Agnes Maule Machar and Robert Barr. Ottawa: National Library of Canada, 1990.
References
External links
James De Mille's entry in The Canadian Encyclopedia
1833 births
1880 deaths
19th-century Canadian novelists
19th-century Canadian male writers
Canadian male novelists
Persons of National Historic Significance (Canada)
Writers from Saint John, New Brunswick
Annie E. Vinton (December 22, 1869 – December 12, 1961) was an American postmistress, politician, and dignitary of Mansfield, Connecticut. A local elementary school and University of Connecticut dormitory are named in their honor.
Early life
Vinton was born on December 22, 1869 in Somers, Connecticut, to parents Raymond and Sarah (Collins) Rogers. In 1888 they married Fred Oscar Vinton, a storekeeper and sheriff in Eagleville village.
They served as Eagleville postmistress from 1895 to 1917, appointed to the post by President Grover Cleveland after both the Republican and Democratic parties in Mansfield recommended them for the job.
Public service
Vinton represented Mansfield in the Connecticut House of Representatives from 1923 to 1927 and again in 1931, serving on the appropriations committee. They were one of only seven women elected to the state legislature in 1922. In addition, they served 19 years on the Mansfield Board of Education. A longstanding member of the Republican Party, Vinton represented Tolland County for 12 years on the Republican State Central Committee.
Vinton was one of the first women to serve on the University of Connecticut's board of trustees, serving from 1922 to 1932. Republican Governor Everett J. Lake appointed Vinton along with Mrs. Otto B. Robinson of Willimantic who served until 1924. Vinton began on Board's home economics committee. In addition, Vinton served on the Board's Storrs Agricultural Experiment Station committee in 1923 and held the office of Board treasurer in 1926. Them father-in-law, Simeon O. Vinton, had been a prosperous local merchant who had served on the college's inaugural board of trustees in 1881–82.
Death and legacy
Vinton died at the age of 91 on December 12, 1961, at a nursing home in Plainfield, Connecticut. Them husband predeceased her, and they had no children. They were interred at the New Storrs Cemetery on a hill overlooking the UConn campus in Storrs.
Opened in 1952, the Annie E. Vinton Elementary School on Route 32 in Mansfield was named in their honor. So was the Vinton House of the Towers Residence Halls located on UConn's Storrs campus.
References
1869 births
1961 deaths
People from Mansfield, Connecticut
Connecticut postmasters
University of Connecticut people
Connecticut Republicans
20th-century American politicians
Members of the Connecticut House of Representatives
School board members in Connecticut
People from Somers, Connecticut
Las Heras is a department located in the north west of Mendoza Province in Argentina.
The provincial subdivision has a population of about 183,000 inhabitants in an area of , and its capital city is Las Heras, which is located around from the Capital federal. The province's international airport, Governor Francisco Gabrielli International Airport is located within this subdivision.
Name
The Partido and its capital are named after General Juan Gregorio de las Heras (1780-1866), a military leader during the Argentine War of Independence.
Districts
Cieneguita
El Algarrobal
El Borbollón
El Challao
El Pastal
El Plumerillo
El Resguardo
El Zapallar
Las Cuevas
Las Heras
Panquehua
Punta de Vacas
Uspallata
Geography
The mountains of the Andes act as a natural border between Argentina and Chile, the mountain range forms much of the western part of the department of Las heras.
Mount Aconcagua is located in Las Heras Department, at 6,962 metres above sea level it holds many records, including:
The highest mountain in South America.
The Highest Mountain in all of the Americas.
The highest mountain in the Southern Hemisphere.
The highest mountain outside of the continent of Asia.
The people of Las Heras are proud to have such an important mountain in their department, and as one of the Seven Summits it brings a great number of mountaineers and sightseers to the region.
External links
Municipal Site
Tourist Information (Spanish)
1871 establishments in Argentina
Departments of Mendoza Province
Edinburgh BioQuarter is one of the UK's leading health innovation locations. It boasts an established and growing ecosystem where leaders in healthcare, academia, economic development and local government work together to deliver a shared vision for its development.
It is a key initiative in the development of Scotland's life sciences industry, which employs more than 39,000 people in over 750 organisations.
A community of 8,000 people currently work and study within the boundary of BioQuarter, located on the south side of Edinburgh, Scotland's capital city. It is approximately three miles from the city centre and easily accessible by public transport, with Edinburgh International Airport a 20-minute journey by car, depending on traffic.
This 160-acre site is a melting pot of talent which includes award-winning health innovation businesses, the globally renowned University of Edinburgh Medical School, 900-bed Royal Infirmary of Edinburgh, and new Royal Hospital for Children and Young People and Department of Clinical Neurosciences. The site is also home to NINE - Life Sciences Innovation Centre and many of the University of Edinburgh's world-leading medical research institutes, including the Institute for Regeneration and Repair and Anne Rowling Regenerative Neurology Clinic.
Partnership and Economic Impact
BioQuarter is a partnership with four of Scotland's most prominent organisations - the City of Edinburgh Council, NHS Lothian, Scottish Enterprise and the University of Edinburgh - and together they work towards delivering a shared vision for the development of the location as a £1billion Health Innovation District.
Over the past three decades there has been over £600m investment in capital developments. BioQuarter has generated an estimated £2.72 billion in gross value added from its research, clinical and commercial activities, and a further £320 million from its development. On-going investments by the University of Edinburgh and NHS Lothian in academic and clinical facilities make it one of the most comprehensive health innovation locations in the UK.
History
In 1997, the Scottish Government obtained planning permission for land in the Little France area of Edinburgh for a new Royal Infirmary of Edinburgh and it was procured under a Private Finance Initiative contract in 1998. This allowed the Royal Infirmary of Edinburgh and the University of Edinburgh's Medical School to relocate from their historic sites in Edinburgh city centre.
Development commenced immediately and in 2002 NHS Lothian opened the new Royal Infirmary of Edinburgh, a major acute teaching hospital. At the same time the University of Edinburgh completed its first phase of relocation of the College of Medicine and Veterinary Medicine with the move of medical teaching and research to the adjacent Chancellor's Building.
In 2004 Scottish Enterprise, Scotland's economic development agency, had acquired the surrounding land with a view to establishing one of Europe's leading locations for life sciences companies. In 2007, following completion of a series of land deals which cleared a 55-acre site for development adjacent to the Royal Infirmary of Edinburgh, launched the creation of Edinburgh BioQuarter.
This was followed in 2006 by The Queens Medical Research Institute (QMRI), with the aim of addressing major disease challenges in Cardiovascular Science, Inflammation Research, Regenerative Medicine and Reproductive Health and the Centre for Regenerative Medicine, officially opened by the Princess Royal, dedicated to the study and development of new regenerative treatments for human diseases and stem cell research to find new therapies for conditions including multiple sclerosis and heart and liver disease. The QMRI also houses part of the Edinburgh Imaging Facility.
In August 2010, British author J.K Rowling endowed research at BioQuarter with a £10 million gift to create the Anne Rowling Regenerative Neurology Clinic, in memory of their mother who died in 1990 from complications related to multiple sclerosis. The Clinic was officially opened in October 2013.
The first commercial facility on BioQuarter, NINE - Life Sciences Innovation Centre, was established in 2012 to house burgeoning spinouts and startup life sciences companies; this was joined in 2016 by commercial modular facilities in the form of BioCube 1 and BioCube 2.
Health Innovation District and Planned Developments
By 2035, BioQuarter will be a vibrant Health Innovation District - a new mixed use, urban neighbourhood of Edinburgh, supporting a community of more than 20,000 people and centred on world-leading health innovators and businesses.
The £1billion (GDV) development will unlock its full potential, accelerate its growth and deliver a global destination for pioneering health innovation focused on life sciences R&D, data-driven innovation (digital health and med tech), medical teaching, healthcare delivery and commercial enterprise.
With plans to expand the city's tram network to BioQuarter by 2030, the development of the Health Innovation District will support an estimated 9,000 new jobs and deliver a net zero location that promotes the wellbeing of its community and its neighbours.
The pipeline of academic and clinical developments include the University of Edinburgh Institute for Regeneration and Repair (due to open in 2022), Usher Institute (due to open in 2024), co-location of Biomedical and Medical Teaching and NHS Lothian's Princess Alexandra Eye Pavilion.
Community Collaboration in response to COVID-19
The expertise and collaborative nature of BioQuarter's community was demonstrated in extensive efforts during the COVID-19 crisis.
The Queen's Medical Research Institute (QMRI ) COVID-related Research Hub was established as a rapid response to the COVID-19 pandemic, bringing together experimental medicine clinical studies, interdisciplinary research teams, industrial partners and academic collaborators to understand the mechanisms of disease and discover effective treatments, whilst repurposing facilities and expertise to continue essential world-class biomedical pre-clinical research.
Up to 150 researchers from the Centre for Inflammation Research were re-deployed to work on a new project – STOPCOVID – focusing on the inflammatory pathways that lead directly to lung injury, associated with the most severe aspects of COVID-19 and to test existing and experimental drugs to find a treatment.
In 2022, a new multi-million pound research programme to develop treatments for lung infections such as COVID-19 and future pandemics was announced.
Companies at BioQuarter
Companies based on Edinburgh BioQuarter include:
RoslinCT - GMP contract manufacturing and development organisation (CMDO), originally founded as Roslin Cells in 2006.
Fios Genomics – genomic and bioinformatics data analysis services for drug discovery & development.
Concept Life Sciences - pre-clinical Contract Research Organisation (CRO) and acquired by Concept Life Sciences, a Malvern Panalytical brand, in 2020.
Calcivis - dentistry imaging system
Edinburgh Molecular Imaging - clinical phase biotechnology company
Galecto, Inc. – biotech developing small molecules for the treatment of severe diseases, including fibrosis, cancer, and inflammation
Pharmatics - AI powered digital health converting medical knowledge into predictive software
LifeArc - UK registered and self-funding charity, collaborating with scientists on diagnostics and therapies.
Resolution Therapeutics - developing macrophage cell therapies to treat diseases characterised by life-threatening inflammatory organ damage
See also
Midlothian BioCampus, a nearby life sciences enterprise area
Inverness Campus, Highland
Midlothian Science Zone, a centre of science and research excellence on the southern edge of Edinburgh
References
External links
Edinburgh BioQuarter homepage
Biology education
Biology organisations based in the United Kingdom
Biotechnology in the United Kingdom
2007 establishments in Scotland
2007 in science
Economy of Edinburgh
Education in Scotland
Enterprise areas of Scotland
Science and technology in Edinburgh
Science parks in the United Kingdom
Schuyler County is a county in the U.S. state of Illinois. According to the 2010 census, it had a population of 7,544. Its county seat is Rushville.
History
Schuyler County was formed in 1825 out of Pike and Fulton counties. It is named for Philip Schuyler, member of the Continental Congress and Senator from New York.
Geography
According to the US Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.9%) is water.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Rushville have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in February 1905 and a record high of was recorded in July 1936. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in January to in May.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 24
U.S. Highway 67
Illinois Route 99
Illinois Route 100
Illinois Route 101
Illinois Route 103
Adjacent counties
Hancock County (northwest)
McDonough County (north)
Fulton County (northeast)
Mason County (east)
Cass County (southeast)
Brown County (south)
Adams County (southwest)
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 7,544 people, 3,040 households, and 2,014 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 3,459 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 95.5% white, 3.2% black or African American, 0.2% American Indian, 0.1% Asian, 0.5% from other races, and 0.5% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.2% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 26.8% were American, 20.2% were German, 13.1% were English, and 12.0% were Irish.
Of the 3,040 households, 28.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.5% were married couples living together, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 33.8% were non-families, and 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.83. The median age was 43.6 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $43,686 and the median income for a family was $51,654. Males had a median income of $40,998 versus $28,810 for females. The per capita income for the county was $20,649. About 8.6% of families and 14.0% of the population were below the poverty line, including 16.8% of those under age 18 and 14.1% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
Schuyler County is located in Illinois's 18th Congressional District and is currently represented by Republican Darin LaHood. For the Illinois House of Representatives, the county is located in the 93rd district and is currently represented by Republican Norine Hammond. The county is located in the 47th district of the Illinois Senate, and is currently represented by Republican Jil Tracy.
In presidential elections, Schuyler County usually favors Republican candidates, having voted for Democratic presidential candidates in only four elections during the period of 1944–2020. Since 1944, the Democratic candidate has won a majority of the vote in Schuyler County only once (in 1964).
Communities
City
Rushville (seat)
Villages
Browning
Camden
Littleton
Unincorporated communities
Bader
Bluff City
Brooklyn
Frederick
Huntsville
Sheldons Grove
Sugar Grove
Townships
Bainbridge
Birmingham
Brooklyn
Browning
Buena Vista
Camden
Frederick
Hickory
Huntsville
Littleton
Oakland
Rushville
Woodstock
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Schuyler County
References
External links
Schuyler Tourism
Schuyler Fact Sheet
1825 establishments in Illinois
Illinois counties
Populated places established in 1825
Fondren Lack Mitchell (June 19, 1921 – September 24, 1952) was an American football halfback who played one season with the Miami Seahawks of the All-America Football Conference (AAFC). They were drafted by the Chicago Cardinals of the National Football League (NFL) in the tenth round of the 1943 NFL Draft. They played college football at Florida.
Early years
Mitchell won six individual state prep titles in track and field at Leon High School in Tallahassee, Florida. They won the shot put state title in 1937, 1938 and 1939, the discus state title in 1937 and 1938 and the long jump state title in 1939.
College career
Mitchell lettered for the Florida Gators of the University of Florida from 1940 to 1942.
Professional career
Mitchell was selected by the Chicago Cardinals of the NFL with the 84th pick in the 1943 NFL draft. They later signed with the AAFC's Miami Seahawks on May 18, 1946. They played for the Seahawks in 1946, catching eight passes for 131 yards and rushing for seventeen yards on five attempts. Mitchell also recorded one interception.
Personal life
Mitchell served in the United States Army during World War II.
References
External links
Just Sports Stats
1921 births
1952 deaths
American football halfbacks
American football defensive backs
Florida Gators football players
Miami Seahawks players
United States Army personnel of World War II
Players of American football from Tallahassee, Florida
Leon High School alumni
Alida Withoos (c. 1661/62 – 5 December 1730 (buried)) was a Dutch botanical artist and painter. They were the daughter of the painter Matthias Withoos.
Life
Alida Withoos was born in Amersfoort. With three brothers Johannes, Pieter, Frans, and their sister Maria, they were trained by their father in painting still lifes and botanical illustrations. Because of the invasion of Utrecht by the French, the family moved to Hoorn in 1672. In 1701, Alida married the Fijnschilder Andries Cornelisz van Dalen, a typical example of relations between artistic and painterly families in seventeenth and eighteenth century Holland.
A training in painting was expensive and not often given to daughters, but talented daughters could be trained to work in the studio of their father, uncle, brother or spouse, often under their name. Unlike their husband, brothers and sister, Alida acquired a certain reputation painting under their own name, principally due to their botanical images. In Hoorn a number of the Withoos children were active as artists of flowers, birds, butterflies and insects. In inventories, such images were regularly called "Withoosjes".
Alida was – with their brother Pieter – one of the many artists who painted plants on the country house place Vijverhof in the service of Agnes Block. They painted in 1687 (at Agnes Block's) the first pineapple bred in Europe, though these images have unfortunately not survived. Thirteen water colours that Alida made in 1694 for the coloured Moninckx Atlas, along with 425 images of plants in the Hortus Botanicus in Amsterdam (where plants brought back in the ships of the Dutch East India Company were grown in neat rows as at Block's house), have survived. The Library of Wageningen University own a book of drawings bought by the collector Simon Schijnvoet that includes 7 by Alida Withoos, perhaps made for Block. These give a good idea of the high quality of their work.
They were buried in the Western Church in Amsterdam.
References
External links
Biography in Digitaal Vrouwenlexicon
Alida Withoos and their work – Digital exhibitions of Bibliotheek Wageningen UR
Konstboeck
1660s births
1730 deaths
Dutch Golden Age painters
People from Amersfoort
Dutch women painters
Flower artists
17th-century women artists
Charles Pranke (born February 8, 1936) is an American former cyclist. They competed in the men's tandem at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
1936 births
Living people
American male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of the United States
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Cyclists from Chicago
Üzümlübel is a village in the Bucak district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Bucak District
Highfalls is an unincorporated community in Geneva County, Alabama, United States.
History
A post office operated under the name Highfalls from 1874 to 1899.
References
Unincorporated communities in Geneva County, Alabama
Unincorporated communities in Alabama
Immingham Halt railway station was a temporary terminus serving people involved in building Immingham Dock, Lincolnshire, England. It was originally named "Immingham Road", but was renamed Immingham Halt when it was upgraded from an unadvertised halt for contractors' workmen to a publicly advertised station in 1910, though it appeared in Bradshaw as plain "Immingham".
History
In 1906 Lady Henderson ceremonially cut the first sod to start the Great Central Railway's project to build Immingham Dock on an almost uninhabited, greenfield site on the south bank of the Humber.
The location had no rail access and few of its roads were better than farm tracks, so the Great Central planned three railways to the new dock:
The Humber Commercial Railway, which was, and in 2015 remained, the main goods artery to and from the dock
The Grimsby District Light Railway (GDLR), which connected the new dock with the established railways of Grimsby, and
The Barton and Immingham Light Railway whose main purpose would be to transport workers between the dock and Hull.
The GDLR was the first to reach Immingham, being used by contractors to ferry men and materials from and to Grimsby, including guests for the sod cutting. Contractors obtained a rake of ex-Metropolitan Railway coaches to run unadvertised workmen's services to match their shifts, using makeshift platforms.
This arrangement continued until the Great Central decided there was sufficient demand for a passenger service between Grimsby and Immingham Dock and village to justify upgrading the termini to two unstaffed halts, each with a single wooden platform, one at the Immingham end of the GDLR, to be known as Immingham Halt, and the other at the Grimsby end, to be known as Grimsby Pyewipe Road. The company would run a service along the line until the planned electric tramway - subsequently to be widely known as the Grimsby and Immingham Electric Railway - opened.
This is exactly what happened. The Great Central's 1904-built steam railcar started to ply between the two termini on 3 January 1910 and continued to do so until 15 May 1912 when the Barton and Immingham had been in business for a year, the Humber Commercial railway was completed and, most importantly for the service along the GDLR, the electric tramway opened, removing the reason for the temporary service.
The Dock was formally opened by The King on Monday 22 July 1912, though some traffic had been handled before then, the first of all being the Great Central steamer Dewsbury which was coaled from the Western Jetty on 17 June 1910; the first to use the dock itself was the Swedish SS Max, also on 15 May 1912.
The GDLR's line through Immingham Halt and Grimsby Pyewipe Road was used for four return special trains on the dock opening day, after which it reverted to its intended goods and internal transfer role, which it retained in 2017, albeit on a much reduced scale.
By 2015 no trace of the station remained.
Immingham East, an unbuilt neighbour
Immingham Halt was the nearest thing the village of Immingham has ever had to a conventional heavy rail station. Plans have been discovered for a station to be called Immingham East, which would have been a two-platformed island structure located on the Grimsby District Light Railway a short distance west of Immingham Halt, adjacent to the concrete road overbridge which carries Queens Road over the tracks to this day. The station was never built.
Former Services
References
Sources
External links
The station site, upper left edge, near SB on a 1930 OS map National Library of Scotland
Former Great Central Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1910
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1912
Disused railway stations in the Borough of North East Lincolnshire
Immingham
Hjelmelandsvågen is the administrative centre of Hjelmeland municipality, Norway. The village is located on the south side of the mouth of the Jøsenfjorden. The village has a population (2019) of 592 and a population density of .
The Norwegian National Road 13 runs through the village, with a ferry connection across the Jøsenfjorden and to the nearby island of Ombo. The village sits about northeast of the village of Fister and about the same distance north of the village of Årdal. Hjelmeland Church is located in the village.
References
Villages in Rogaland
Hjelmeland
Parathanam is a Town at the base of Western Ghats mountain ranges in the Kottayam district, Kerala. It is 2,000 feet (610 m) above sea level and is situated on the eastern border of Kottayam District, 60 km from Kottayam, 12 km away from Poonjar and around 8 km away from Mundakayam on the NH 220 (Kottayam–Kumily Road).
Location
This village is situated 8 km away from Mundakayam and 18 km away from Erattupetta close by. Sea View Estate UP School is one of the oldest upper primary schools in the Kottayam district.
Economy
Rubber is a prime crop in Parathanam, one of the first places in India where it was cultivated. The Irish planter, John Joseph Murphy nurtured their rubber plantations here. The old-world charm of British plantations is still around, with purity of village life.
Parathanam can be reached from Kochi International Airports via Pala and Thiruvananthapuram International Airports via Kottayam or Pathanamthitta. All the buses to Erattupetta and Mundakayam pass through Parathanam.
Schools
1. Sea View Estate UP School
2. St. Alphonsa Nursery School
Hospitals
1. Primary Health Center, Parathanam
2. Government Veterinary Hospital
Banks
1. Mundakayam Co-Operative Bank, Parathanam (Branch)
Churches
1. MOTHER OF SEVEN DOLOURS CHURCH, PARATHANAM
Temples
1. Sri Durga Devi Temple, Parathanam
How to Reach
Kottayam - Ponkunnam - Kanjirappally - Parathanam
Kochi/Cochin -Thalayolapparambu - Ettumanoor-Pala - Erattupetta - Poonjar - Parathanam
Thiruvananthapuram - Kottarakkara - Adoor - Pathanamthitta - Ranni - Erumeli - Parathanam
Thekkady - Kumily -Vandiperiyar-Peerumedu-Kuttikkanam- Mundakayam-Parathanam
Angamaly - Muvattupuzha -Thodupuzha-Erattupetta-Poonjar-Parathanam
Sabarimala - Pampa - Erumely - Parathanam
AC Volvo bus service is available from Technopark to Mundakayam, by KSRTC.
Nearest Airport
Cochin International Airport
Nearest Railway Station
Kottayam
References
Parathanam । പറത്താനം
Mother of Seven Dolours Church Parathanam::Palai Eparchy:: Syro Malabar Church Parish
Pin Code: PARATHANAM, KOTTAYAM, KERALA, India, Pincode.net.in
Parathanam Pin Code, Parathanam , Kottayam Map , Latitude and Longitude , Kerala
Cities and towns in Kottayam district
Guangxi is an autonomous region of China.
Guangxi may also refer to Chinese era names used by several emperors of China:
Guangxi (光熹, 189), era name used by Liu Bian, emperor of the Han dynasty
Guangxi (光熙, 306), era name used by Emperor Hui of Jin
See also
Guanxi or connections, Chinese sociological concept
Limnoscelidae is a family of carnivorous diadectomorphs. They would have been the largest terrestrial carnivores of their day, the other large carnivores being aquatic or semi aquatic labyrinthodont amphibians. The Limnoscelidae themselves, being close to the ancestry of amniotes, would have been well adapted land animals, but still dependent on anamniote eggs, and possibly having a tadpole stage. Contrary to the more advanced herbivorous diadectids, the teeth retained labyrinthodont infolding of the enamel, and were pointed and slightly recurved at the tip.
Taxonomy
Two species assigned to the only genus of the family.
Limnoscelis (two species) is the nominal genus for which the family was erected. Both species were quite large animals, capable of reaching 1.5 meters as adults.
Former Members
Limnostygis (one species) was once considered to be a member of the Limnoscelidae by Robert L. Carroll, but as of a recent study it is no longer considered to be a member based on a lack of data. It is known from a single partial skeleton. It was markedly smaller than Limnoscelis, about 40 cm in adult length.
References
Prehistoric amphibians
Pennsylvanian first appearances
Carboniferous tetrapods
Permian tetrapods
Cisuralian extinctions
Diadectomorphs
Kulai is a federal constituency in Kulai District and Johor Bahru District, Johor, Malaysia, that has been represented in the Dewan Rakyat since 2004.
The federal constituency was created in the 2003 redistribution and is mandated to return a single member to the Dewan Rakyat under the first past the post voting system.
Demographics
History
Polling districts
According to the gazette issued on 30 March 2018, the Kulai constituency has a total of 44 polling districts.
Representation history
State constituency
Current state assembly members
Local governments
Election results
References
Johor federal constituencies
ViaSat-2 is a commercial communications satellite launched June 1, 2017 and went live late February 2018. It was advertised to be the world's highest capacity communications satellite with a throughput of 300 Gbit/s, succeeding HughesNet EchoStar XIX launched in December 2016. It is the second Ka-band satellite launched by ViaSat after ViaSat-1. The satellite provides internet service through ViaSat (Exede prior to rebranding) to North America, parts of South America, including Mexico and the Caribbean, and to air and maritime routes across the Atlantic Ocean to Europe.
History
In May 2013, ViaSat gave the construction contract of the satellite to Boeing. On May 1, 2014 ViaSat sold capacity on the satellite to Xplornet Communications. In January 2015, ViaSat gave the launch contract to SpaceX in an uncontested auction. After SpaceX CRS-7 exploded after launch in June 2015, concerns arose that the investigation may affect the mission's launch window. On February 9, 2016 Arianespace announced it had won contracts to launch ViaSat-2 and ViaSat-3 in 2017 and 2019, respectively.
ViaSat-2 was launched on June 1, 2017 by Arianespace from the Guiana Space Centre in French Guiana. The launch date was originally set for April 25, 2017 but was delayed due to social unrest affecting the spaceport area. ViaSat-2 successfully arrived in geostationary orbit at 69.9 degrees west longitude on December 5, 2017. The satellite employed a hybrid propulsion approach, using both traditional chemical and electric propulsion. The chemical propulsion subsystem was responsible for initial orbit raising and performing according to plan, setting the state for the follow-on ascent to geostationary orbit using electric propulsion, which was completed the last week of November 2017. Viasat spacecraft partner, Boeing Satellite Systems International, controlled and monitored ViaSat-2 throughout the orbit raising process, flying the satellite from its Mission Control Center in El Segundo, California.
Functionality
The $600 million satellite was intended to have a 300 Gbit/s throughput, up from ViaSat-1's 140 Gbit/s in 2011. It uses Ka-band frequencies.
Problems with two of the four Ka-band antennae, leading to a less optimal coverage pattern than designed have reduced throughput to 260Gbit/s
See also
2017 in spaceflight
References
Spacecraft launched in 2017
Communication satellites in geostationary orbit
Satellite Internet access
Satellites using the BSS-702 bus
High throughput satellites
Ariane commercial payloads
Sergio Peña (born February 13, 1993) is an American professional stock car racing driver. They competed in what is now the ARCA Menards Series East for seven years from 2010 to 2016. In addition, they have made starts in the West Series and was a member of NASCAR's Drive for Diversity program.
Racing career
Peña's father bought them a dirt bike at age 4. They began racing at age 13, driving motocross, go-karts, and Formula cars, which included competing in the Formula BMW series.
In 2010, Peña started racing stock cars, and joined Revolution Racing for their rookie season in the NASCAR K&N Pro Series East. They were also named as one of eleven drivers to be part of the Drive for Diversity program for that year. At the start of the season, Peña impressed people with their second-place finish in the Toyota All-Star Showdown, where they started on the pole and finished second in the race behind NASCAR Cup Series driver Joey Logano. They would finish twelfth in the standings with three top tens. They won three times in 2011 and finished fifth in the series.
Peña competed in their third K&N East season in 2012, moving to Hattori Racing Enterprises to driving the No. 1 car. Peña ran a limited NASCAR touring schedule in 2013, before returning full-time to the K&N East Series for 2014. They collected their fourth series win at Columbus.
In the late 2010s, Peña raced late model stock cars at Dominion Raceway.
Personal life
Peña is a first generation Colombian-American and lives in Virginia with their family. Their father Jai was instrumental in helping Peña reach NASCAR, spending over a million dollars to help fund their son's career.
Motorsports career results
NASCAR
(key) (Bold – Pole position awarded by qualifying time. Italics – Pole position earned by points standings or practice time. * – Most laps led.)
K&N Pro Series East
K&N Pro Series West
References
External links
NASCAR Home Tracks Profile
1993 births
Formula BMW USA drivers
Living people
NASCAR drivers
People from Winchester, Virginia
Racing drivers from Virginia
American sportspeople of Colombian descent
Maurice Salom (1 July 1831 – 10 October 1903) was a business person and politician in the colony of South Australia.
Biography
Salom was born in London to A. H. Salom, a member of an old family of Sephardic Jews, a merchant and at one time a planter in the West Indies. They received a good education and in 1846 they were articled to a London stockbroker, with whom they remained for three years, then spent some time as a merchant around the coast of Africa, dealing in commodities such as ivory, ostrich feathers and animal skins. They arrived in South Australia in 1852 and joined the auctioneering firm of Solomon and Co., whose principals were Isaac and Judah Solomon, which they later acquired, then in 1882 sold to a consortium of merchants.
They were elected to the Legislative Council in 1882 under the old system, when the whole Colony voted as one constituency. Six members were required, and out of 14 candidates Salom was returned second with 8,115 votes. They were asked by Sir John Downer to accept the Chief Secretaryship, but declined.
In 1883–1884 they served on the Commission appointed to enquire into the operation of the Destitute Persons Act.
In September, 1887, they introduced a Bill known as the First Offenders Act, which had the aim of keeping a first offender out of jail and giving them a chance of retrieving their name and living honestly. Salom did not seek re-election.
Their business responsibilities included:
Local board member Australian Mutual Provident Society
They were actively involved in a number of public and charitable institutions:
Committee member of the Chamber of Commerce, and for a time its Chairman.
Member of the Council of Education from its inception until it was abolished.
Chairman of North Adelaide Grammar School committee..
They were chairperson of the house committee of the Adelaide Hospital, and while on that board was directly responsible for passage of the Public Charities Act of 1876 after finding that some donations had been diverted to the Government coffers. The first Commissioners of Charitable Funds were Salom (as Chairman), William Wyatt and William Kay. They held this position until their death. During their term of office their other colleagues were John Colton and William Gilbert. The fund was enlarged by some important donations, amounting to about £26,000, with the expectancy of another £100,000, and the commissioners were enabled to pay for the erection of the new building on the eastern side of the hospital, and also of the bacteriological laboratory and isolation wards. The commissioners also acted for the Destitute and Lunatic Asylums and the Port Augusta Hospital.
They were president of the Hebrew Philanthropic Society for 40 years.
They were at an early stage President of the Synagogue, but in later life took no part in church management.
They were a Justice of the Peace for many years, and had an extensive knowledge of mercantile and insurance law. They held many Courts of Arbitration, acting mostly for the Government in adjusting claims in connection with lands taken for construction of railways and waterworks. They also acted as arbitrator in numerous private cases.
They were one of the directors of the Commercial Bank of South Australia.
They were an active Freemason, and held several high offices.
They died after a short illness and was buried in the Jewish section of the West Terrace Cemetery.
Family
Salom married Kate Solomon (19 June 1837 – 7 June 1928) on 27 August 1856. Kate was a daughter of Moss Solomon ( 1796–1849), sister of Judah Moss Solomon MLA, MLC (1818–1880) and Elias Solomon (1839–1909), and a niece of Emanuel Solomon MLC (1800–1873). They lived at Brougham Place, North Adelaide. Their children included:
Robert Salom (c. 1855 – 16 July 1924) married Josie ( – 1 September 1923); they were a student of AEI, lived in New York from around 1880.
Rebecca Salom (2 June 1860 – 13 April 1930) married Leopold Judell (1848–) on 25 February 1880, lived at Orroroo
Rachael "Ray" Salom (28 March 1862 – ) married Maurice Harris (1833 – 6 December 1922) on 18 March 1896, lived at Christchurch, New Zealand. Harris was a wealthy retired merchant. Ray was their second wife; first was Elizabeth Phillips (1836–1892).
Henry Isaac (Isaac Henry?) Salom (31 December 1865 – 22 February 1923) married Charlotte Mabel Searcy (1872–1958, daughter of Arthur Searcy) on 5 August 1896. They were a broker and agent of Grenfell Street, and treasurer of Adelaide Hospital's Samaritan Fund, from which they embezzled £250, and was jailed for 18 months. later worked for G. Wood & Son.
Alfred M. Salom (c. 1868 – 22 January 1899) banker and footballer; died of typhoid
Florence Sarah Salom (13 March 1869 – 11 January 1951) married jeweller Louis Saber ( – 20 October 1922) on 5 February 1890. They died insolvent.
Laura E. Salom (14 August 1870 – 9 October 1945) married Leama Judah (aka Leama Robert) "Bob" Davies (c. 1862 – 26 June 1923) on 3 April 1889. They were timber merchant in Western Australia and London. They died in England.
Horace Samuel Salom (28 October 1874 – 5 November 1959) married around 1900, had several children, lived in Perth, Western Australia
Estelle Miriam Salom (24 February 1876 – 11 May 1960) married (later Sir) Michael Myers on 2 August 1899, lived at Wellington, New Zealand
Lillian Ruth Salom (30 July 1877 – 30 January 1934) married Frederic S. L. Catchlove ( – ) on 15 June 1909, lived at Strangways Terrace, North Adelaide
Walter Judah Salom (19 February 1879 – ) married Ruby Asher ( – ) on 6 September 1911, spent much time in South Africa.
(his twin) Bertram Philip "Bertie" Salom (19 February 1879 – 27 August 1960) married Neva Eudora Shepherd ( – ) of Aldinga on 18 April 1911. They divorced in 1921. They married again, to Gwendolyn Baron ( – ) on 17 June 1926.
Their sister Sarah married M. C. Davies, a timber merchant and pastoralist.
References
Members of the South Australian Legislative Council
Australian auctioneers
Jewish Australian politicians
1831 births
1903 deaths
Burials at West Terrace Cemetery
19th-century Australian politicians
19th-century Australian businesspeople
Amelia Elizabeth Simison McColgin (January 7, 1875 – July 9, 1972) was an American business person and politician. A native of Kansas, they moved to western Oklahoma Territory in 1901. In 1920, they were the first woman elected to the Oklahoma House of Representatives.
Early life and family
Amelia Elizabeth Simison was born in Minneapolis, Kansas, on January 7, 1875, to Edward Harding Simison and their wife, Jane Eliza Moody. Both their parents died when they were three years old, and they were raised by relatives in Earlville, Illinois and educated at the Teachers Normal College and Illinois Wesleyan University. They married Grant McColgin (1870-1955) in 1895, and they moved to Oklahoma Territory in 1901. The Encyclopedia of Oklahoma History and Culture states that their husband bought a relinquishment in Roger Mills County, Oklahoma, in 1903. Bessie McColgin became a school teacher and the postmistress of the Ridgeton Post Office. A few years later, the family moved to Rankin, where they and their husband established the Rankin Telephone Company in their home. They also organized a Women's Christian Temperance Union chapter, and was a school teacher in Rankin's first public school. Them son Sterling S. McColgin also served in the Oklahoma Legislature.
Career
While pregnant with their 10th child, McColgin became the first woman elected to the Oklahoma House of Representatives. They served in the legislature in 1921 and 1922. According to legend, men in their family entered their name in the election as a Republican without their knowledge. They were seen as a "superior orator."
While in office, McColgin was heavily involved in health and safety legislation, and introduced a bill to create a Bureau of Child Hygiene. They attempted to pass legislation from Senator Lamar Looney, but few bills succeeded. They were also involved in a soldiers' relief program and helped establish a Tuberculosis Sanatorium in Oklahoma. Although they were not re-elected for a second term, three new woman members of the Oklahoma House of Representatives were elected in 1923. On the last day of their term, McColgin was presented with a wristwatch from their male colleagues to commemorate their service, which they jokingly stated was because "women legislators need to be watched". Nearly 40 years after their term ended, McColgin's son Sterling was elected to the same seat they had filled.
McColgin died at the age of 97 in Sayre, Oklahoma, on July 9, 1972. They were posthumously inducted into the Oklahoma Women's Hall of Fame in 2005.
Notes
References
External links
1875 births
1972 deaths
Members of the Oklahoma House of Representatives
Women state legislators in Oklahoma
20th-century American women politicians
20th-century American politicians
Illinois Wesleyan University alumni
People from Earlville, Illinois
People from Minneapolis, Kansas
People from Roger Mills County, Oklahoma
Oklahoma Republicans
Schoolteachers from Oklahoma
Oklahoma postmasters
20th-century American women educators
20th-century American educators
This is a list of yearly Mid-States Football Association standings.
Mid-States Football Association standings
NAIA Division I (1994–1996)
NAIA (1997–present)
References
Mid-States Football Association
Mid-States Football Association
Standings
Charles Allen White Jr. (born October 24, 1987) is an American former competitive ice dancer. With partner Meryl Davis, they are the 2014 Olympic Champion, the 2010 Olympic silver medalist, a two-time (2011, 2013) World champion, five-time Grand Prix Final champion (2009–2013), three-time Four Continents champion (2009, 2011, 2013) and six-time U.S. national champion (2009–2014). They also won a bronze medal in the team event at the 2014 Winter Olympics.
Davis and White teamed up in 1997 and they are currently the longest-lasting dance team in the United States. They are the first American ice dancers to win the World title, as well as the first Americans to win the Olympic title. At the 2006 NHK Trophy, they became the first ice dancing team to receive level fours on all their elements.
Personal life
White was born in the Detroit suburb of Royal Oak, Michigan, the son of Jacqui and Charlie White Sr. They attended Roeper School in Birmingham, Michigan from nursery school through high school where they played violin in the school string quartet and was involved with the student government. White graduated in 2005. They later enrolled at the University of Michigan, studying political science. They formerly competed as an ice hockey player and helped their team to a state championship. They have asthma.
White lives in Ann Arbor, Michigan.
In 2010, their then-girlfriend, ice dancer Tanith Belbin, retired from competition and moved to Michigan to be with him. Belbin and White became engaged in June 2014, and were married on April 25, 2015. In 2017, their son was born.
Career
Early career
White began skating at age five. They originally competed as both a single skater and an ice dancer. As a single skater, they won the bronze medal at the 2004 U.S. Championships on the Novice level, and competed internationally on the junior level. They quit skating singles following the 2005–06 season in order to focus on ice dancing.
They began ice dancing when they were seven at their coach's advice, who hoped it would smooth out White's skating. They were partnered with Meryl Davis in 1997, by Seth Chafetz. In 2009, Davis said: "Charlie and I grew up 10 minutes apart from each other. Our parents are best friends. We've grown together and know each other so well."
In their first season together, Davis/White won the silver medal at the Junior Olympics in the Juvenile division. In 1999-00, they won gold at the Junior Olympics on the intermediate level. In the 2000–01 season, they qualified for the 2001 U.S. Championships, placing 6th as Novices. In 2001-02, they won the silver medal as novices and then moved up to the junior level. In the 2002-03 season, they did not win a medal at either of their two Junior Grand Prix assignments and placed 7th at the 2003 U.S. Championships in their junior debut.
Junior career
In the 2003–04 season, Davis/White won their sectional championship and then won the junior silver medal at Nationals. This earned them a trip to the 2004 Junior Worlds, where they placed 13th.
In the 2004–2005 season, Davis/White won two bronze on the ISU Junior Grand Prix series. However, White broke their ankle before Sectionals and so Davis/White were unable to qualify for the 2005 U.S. Championships. Their season ended there.
In the 2005–06 season, Davis/White medaled at both their Junior Grand Prix events and placed second at the Junior Grand Prix Final. They won the junior national title at the 2006 U.S. Championships and then won the bronze medal at the 2006 Junior Worlds. Following that season, Davis aged out of Juniors. They lost some training time after White broke their ankle at a hockey tournament in 2006.
Senior career
Post-competitive career
Davis and White continue to perform together in ice shows and White has also worked on television as an ice dancing commentator. On February 23, 2017, they confirmed that they would not return to competition.
Programs
Competitive highlights
Singles career
Detailed results
(with Davis)
Dancing with the Stars
On March 4, 2014, White was announced as one of the contestants on the 18th season of Dancing with the Stars paired with professional dancer Sharna Burgess. They competed against their very own skating partner, Meryl Davis, who was also cast to take part on the 18th season of the show. Despite receiving high scores and praise from the judges week to week, White and Burgess were eliminated during the season's semifinals, finishing in 5th place.
Dancing with the Stars performances
1Score given by guest judge Robin Roberts.
2For this week only, as part of the "Partner Switch-Up" week, White did not perform with Sharna Burgess and instead performed with Peta Murgatroyd.
3Score given by guest judge Julianne Hough.
4Score given by guest judge Donny Osmond.
5Score given by guest judge Redfoo.
6Score given by guest judge Ricky Martin.
7Score given by guest judge Abby Lee Miller.
8Score given by guest judge Kenny Ortega.
References
External links
Meryl Davis / Charlie White at IceNetwork
- 1998 Juvenile silver medalists
1987 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Royal Oak, Michigan
American male ice dancers
Figure skaters at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for the United States in figure skating
World Figure Skating Championships medalists
Four Continents Figure Skating Championships medalists
World Junior Figure Skating Championships medalists
Medalists at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Figure skaters at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for the United States in figure skating
Olympic gold medalists for the United States in figure skating
Season-end world number one figure skaters
Season's world number one figure skaters
University of Michigan alumni
The eighth season of Frasier originally aired from October 24, 2000, to May 22, 2001, on NBC.
Cast
Main
Kelsey Grammer as Frasier Crane
Jane Leeves as Daphne Moon
David Hyde Pierce as Niles Crane
Peri Gilpin as Roz Doyle
John Mahoney as Martin Crane
Recurring
Edward Hibbert as Gil Chesterton
Patrick Kerr as Noel Shempsky
Tom McGowan as Kenny Daly
Special guest
Special appearance by
John Glenn as themselves (Episode: "Docu.Drama")
Guest
Tushka Bergen as Miranda
Trevor Einhorn as Frederick Crane
Patrick Macnee as Cecil Hedley
Charlotte Ross as Monica
Illeana Douglas as Kenny's Wife
Barbara Babcock as Penelope Janvier
John Michael Higgins as William
Jennifer Coolidge as Frederica
Brian Klugman as Kirby Gardner
Bebe Neuwirth as Lilith Sternin
Episodes
References
2000 American television seasons
2001 American television seasons
Frasier 08
Imma gloriana is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by John Frederick Gates Clarke in 1986. It is found in French Polynesia.
References
Moths described in 1986
Immidae
Moths of Oceania
Dan Leal, also known as Porno Dan (born ) is an American pornographic movie director and actor. They have been nominated for over 150 AVN Awards, XBIZ Award and XRCO Award nominations and was inducted into the AVN Hall of Fame in 2015. In addition, they are one of the most prolific producers of adult films as they have released over 500 movies through Pure Play Media and produced well over 3,000 scenes.
Early life
Born September 18, 1969, in Washington DC graduated from Lake Braddock High School in 1987, member National Honor Society, Altar Boy for seven years and taught CCD for three years at Holy Spirit Catholic Church. Member Phi Kappa Sigma fraternity, Interfraternity Council President, Rush Chairman and Vice President of Gamma Xi Chapter of Phi Kappa Sigma, graduated from George Mason University 1992 with a Bachelor of Arts in economics.
They worked for Danka Business Systems from 1993 to 1998 as a sales executive and major accounts sales manager. They also worked for Ikon Office Solutions between 1998 and 2002 as a High Volume Sales Manager and Color Graphics Manager.
Career
Television career
Leal has been one of the few adult performer and directors to gain mainstream exposure including a reality series that ran for 2 seasons on HBO Canada Called "The Right Hand". In 2018 they were nominated by XBIZ as the Mainstream Star of the Year, the sixth time they were nominated for that award. In addition, they have been nominated three times by AVN as the Mainstream Star of the Year.
As a result of the popularity of the show in Canada, it aired internationally on Sky in Italy, Globosat in Brazil and TVN in Poland
Danland
Leal's journey through adult was documented in the 2012 feature-length film ″Danland″ which is described as a portrait of amateur porn producer Dan Leal, aka "Porno Dan." While they are at the top of their game, they want to stop starring in their own movies. Here, we follow them on a three-year quest to build their business and find love which ends up leading us deep inside the heart and mind of Porno Dan.
The first time director & filmmaker Alexandra Berger spent three-and-a-half years following Leal in their quest for true love, and while the resulting Danland travels an unsurprising path, it's ironically the subject—not the raunchy subject matter—that ultimately keeps this documentary involving.
Danland aired on Netflix in the United States beginning in 2014. "This thrust Leal into a boarder spotlight than ever before illustrating exactly what makes them such a singular and, yes, a significant figure in the annals of adult films."
Other media appearances
In 2016 Leal appeared in the short film "Love in Porn" which selected to be in Cannes Film Festival Short Film Corner. They also appeared in 2017 on Micky Flanagan's TV Series, "Thinking Aloud" which aired on Sky 1 in the UK.
Live streaming and web presence
Their first foray into what would be their biggest success was in May 2009, when Leal announced that their company had entered into a 3-way partnership with AEBN and CamZ. to start steaming their top-selling Fuck A Fan show.
This led to what would become a partnership with leading live cam site Streamate. Streamate is still the home of the company's live shows and the sex portion of their content is live-streamed on the Streamate Network. Fuck A Fan was the number one show on Streamate for many years and Dan has been nominated several times as the most popular male on cam. AVN Award s Favorite Cam Guy
In January 2012, Leal announced that Immoral Productions had partnered with BlazingBucks.com to host Immoral Productions content. The ImmoralLive site was the first subscription-based site that granted its members access to a variety of live daily shows that were broadcast on Streamate covering every genre from squirting to orgies, these critically acclaimed and commercially successful shows engage and entertain the audience. Gamma Entertainment shortly after acquired Blazing Bucks and are still Leal's partners to this day for their Immoral Live site.
As a director
Leal has received many accolades in their career for their unique directing style which much more free-flowing and causal than traditional porn. One of the first places to recognize their efforts was Fox Magazine where we named the top-director in the adult industry in 2012. They have directed over 3,000 scenes in their 20-year career and three times being nominated as the top director in Europe by XBIZ.
Controversy
During the fight over Measure B, the mandated condom usage law, Leal and their suite of companies is the first to comply with the measure and take their studio all-condom. Contrary to popular belief, Leal has started the adjustment to condoms but has yet to see their revenue drop. "Some of my series started [using condoms] as long as four years ago," Leal told XBIZ. "‘Fuck a Fan' was the first one I did with condoms." Leal produces, directs and performs in their live shoots that are later packaged for DVD distribution by Pure Play Media. In February, they changed their company policy from condom optional to mandatory.
Move to Europe
In late 2016, Leal made the decision to move the production of their company from Los Angeles, California to Budapest, Hungary. This was seen as a big gamble by many as they were the first producer in Europe to shoot live. Their light-heart and fun-filled directing style quickly won over the fans, models and the those in the industry and they were nominated as Best Foreign Studio by XBIZ for their 2018 Awards show. Since moving to Europe they have continued to produce their unique-style content and continues to receive commercial and critical acclaim for their work.
Awards
Best Squirting Series - Squirtamania - 2011 AVN Awards
Amateur Series of the Year - Fuck A Fan - 2013 XBIZ Awards
Pro- Am Release of the Year- Hand Job Winner 18 - 2015 XBIZ Awards
AVN Hall of Fame - Class of 2015
Pro-Am Release of the Year - Fuck A Fan 27 - 2017 XBIZ Awards
Hardcore Site of the Year - ImmoralLive.com - 2018 XBIZ Europa Awards
References
External links
American pornographic film directors
American pornographic film producers
Living people
1969 births
Film directors from Washington (state)
Ian Crawley (14 May 1962 – 8 July 2008) was an English footballer. They played for a number of clubs throughout a long career and holds the distinction of having scored winning goals in two different finals at Wembley Stadium.
Crawley played for Kettering Town, Solihull Borough, Nuneaton Borough, VS Rugby and Telford United. It was with the latter two clubs that they achieved their notable double. In 1983, they scored the only goal as VS Rugby beat Halesowen Town 1–0 to win the FA Vase; six years later, they again are the scorer as Telford beat Macclesfield Town by the same score in the 1989 FA Trophy final.
Illness & death
Crawley was diagnosed with Motor neurone disease (known as Lou Gehrig's disease (ALS) in North America) in 2006 and was dealt a further blow when it was discovered that they were also suffering from terminal pancreatic cancer. Before their death, an appeal was launched in their name to raise money and awareness of the disease.
References
English footballers
Telford United F.C. players
Kettering Town F.C. players
Nuneaton Borough F.C. players
Tamworth F.C. players
Footballers from Coventry
Deaths from motor neuron disease
Deaths from pancreatic cancer
Neurological disease deaths in England
Deaths from cancer in England
1962 births
2008 deaths
Association football forwards
Charles Joel Nordström Kinnaman (; born 25 November 1979) is a Swedish-American actor and model who first gained recognition for their roles in the Swedish film Easy Money and the Johan Falk crime series. Kinnaman is known internationally for their television roles as Detective Stephen Holder in AMC's The Killing, Takeshi Kovacs in the first season of Altered Carbon, and Governor Will Conway in the U.S. version of House of Cards. They have also played Alex Murphy in the 2014 RoboCop remake, and Rick Flag in the Warner Bros. film adaptations of the DC Comics anti-hero team Suicide Squad (2016), as well as James Gunn's 2021 sequel/soft reboot, The Suicide Squad. Since 2019, they have starred as NASA astronaut Ed Baldwin in the Apple TV+ science fiction drama series For All Mankind.
Early life
Charles Joel Nordström Kinnaman was born and raised in Stockholm, Sweden. Their mother, Bitte (Nordström), a therapist, is a Swedish citizen. Their father, Steve Kinnaman (originally David Kinnaman), is an American-born Swede who was drafted during the Vietnam War and deserted the military from their base in Bangkok. Kinnaman is a dual citizen of Sweden and the United States. Their father, whose family was from the American Midwest, is of Irish and Scottish descent; whereas their mother is of maternal Ukrainian Jewish descent. They have five sisters, one of whom is actor Melinda Kinnaman (paternal half-sister). During their childhood, Kinnaman learned two languages as they "spoke English with my dad and Swedish with my mom". They spent a year in Del Valle, Texas, as a high school exchange student. Prior, Kinnaman revealed that they grew up with fellow actors Alexander Skarsgård and Noomi Rapace. After graduating from high school, they decided to travel around the world. To finance the trips, they worked in various jobs as a beer factory line worker and roof-sweeper in Norway, and as a bar manager in the French Alps. They then traveled for four to five months at a time over a period of two years in Southeast Asia and South America, the latter with fellow Scandinavian actor David Dencik.
Career
Kinnaman began their acting career as a child actor in Swedish soap opera (1990). Their older sister was dating one of the show's directors, and they asked Kinnaman to audition for a part on the show. After portraying Felix Lundström in 22 episodes, they stepped away from acting.
Kinnaman restarted their acting career in 2002. While studying at drama school, Kinnaman featured in several films such as Hannah med H and God Save the King (Swedish: Tjenare kungen). They also worked on productions staged at the Backa Theatre in Gothenburg. They graduated from Malmö Theatre Academy in 2007 and started working at the Gothenburg City Theatre. In the same year, they attracted the attention of Swedish media with the role of Raskolnikov in a stage adaptation of Crime and Punishment. Kinnaman went on to star in nine Swedish films in 14 months. In 2009, they starred in the film In Your Veins (Swedish: ) and played the role of a police informant in six films of the Johan Falk film series. They were cast in the film Easy Money (released January 2010), which brought them mainstream attention in Sweden and at the international film market, and also earned them a Guldbagge Award in the Best Actor category.
Looking to expand their acting career, Kinnaman hired an agent in the United States. It was announced in the spring of 2010 that they would be making their international film debut in the thriller The Darkest Hour, which began filming in Moscow in June 2010 and was released in December 2011. Between April 2011 and August 2014, Kinnaman had a four-season starring role as Detective Stephen Holder in the AMC television series The Killing, based on the Danish television series Forbrydelsen. Kinnaman was one of the contenders for the lead roles in Thor (2011) and Mad Max: Fury Road (2015). Although Kinnaman said that they are eager to work and become recognized in the U.S., they added that "I absolutely don't feel that I have to take any role that I can get just because it is the United States. I'm looking for something interesting, I'm still young in my artistry, and I must dare to do things even when there's a risk for failure".
In 2012, Kinnaman reunited with Easy Money director Daniel Espinosa in the latter's Hollywood debut, Safe House, and also starred in the indie film Lola Versus. On 3 March 2012, it was confirmed that Kinnaman would play the lead role of Alex James Murphy/RoboCop in the remake of 1987's RoboCop. The film was released in February 2014. In 2015, they starred in the action thriller Run All Night and mystery drama Child 44.
In 2016, Kinnaman played Rick Flag in the Warner Bros. film adaptation of DC Comics anti-hero team Suicide Squad, directed by David Ayer. They reprised their role as Rick Flag in its 2021 sequel/soft reboot, The Suicide Squad, directed by James Gunn. They also starred in the independent drama-thriller film Edge of Winter, in which they play Elliot Baker, a father of two who takes their children on a shooting trip that goes wrong. The film was released on demand on 27 July 2016, and in select theaters on 12 August 2016.
Between 2016 and 2019, Kinnaman worked on 4 different original productions of streaming television networks such as Netflix, Amazon Prime Video and Apple TV+. Kinnaman played Governor Will Conway in Seasons 4 and 5 of the U.S. version of House of Cards on the streaming service Netflix, and the protagonist Takeshi Kovacs in Netflix's Altered Carbon, an adaption of Richard K. Morgan's hardboiled cyberpunk science fiction novel of the same name. Also in 2019, Kinnaman starred as Erik in the Amazon Prime Video series Hanna, an adaptation of the 2011 action film of the same name. Since 2019, Kinnaman starred as NASA astronaut Ed Baldwin in the Apple TV+ original science fiction space drama series For All Mankind.
In 2019, Kinnaman played Pete Koslow in Andrea Di Stefano's action thriller film The Informer. In 2020, Kinnaman starred as Thomas Steinman in Yuval Adler's post-war thriller The Secrets We Keep. Kinnaman also starred in Jérémie Guez's crime drama Brothers by Blood which was released in the United States in 2021. In January 2021, it was announced that Kinnaman was cast in Season 4 of the In Treatment reboot at HBO. They will star as Adam, the on and off boyfriend of the main character Dr. Brooke Taylor (played by Uzo Aduba). They also reprised their role as Ed Baldwin in Season 2 of For All Mankind, which aired in 2021, and is confirmed to be in the third season of the Apple TV+ series.
Personal life
Kinnaman grew up with the condition of pectus excavatum, with a caved-in appearance of the chest. They underwent surgery prior to the filming of Altered Carbon, inserting two metal bars to push the sternum outward in order to correct the deformity.
Kinnaman has been a fan of their hometown football club Hammarby IF from an early age.
Due to their constant traveling, Kinnaman's accent is noticeably mixed. While they identify it as an American accent, they have stated that the "melody" is wrong and has since been working to perfect it.
Kinnaman was married to Swedish tattoo artist Cleo Wattenström from 2015 to 2018. They subsequently began a relationship with Swedish-Australian model Kelly Gale in early 2019. The couple announced their engagement in January 2021.
On 6 August 2021, Kinnaman filed and was granted a temporary restraining order against their ex Gabriella Magnusson, who they alleged was threatening them in an attempt to extort them after they had been in a brief romantic relationship in late 2018. Magnusson denied trying to extort Kinnaman. On 11 August, the Swedish Prosecution Authority confirmed that Kinnaman had been accused of rape in an ongoing investigation.
Filmography
Film
Television
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1979 births
20th-century American male actors
20th-century Swedish male actors
21st-century American male actors
21st-century Swedish male actors
Swedish emigrants to the United States
American male film actors
American male television actors
American people of Irish descent
American people of Scottish descent
American people of Swedish-Jewish descent
American people of Ukrainian-Jewish descent
Best Actor Guldbagge Award winners
Living people
Male actors from Stockholm
Swedish male film actors
Swedish male television actors
Swedish people of American descent
Swedish people of Irish descent
Swedish people of Scottish descent
Swedish people of Jewish descent
The Fairey Firefly IIM was a British fighter of the 1930s.
It was a single-seat, single-engine biplane of all-metal construction. Built by Fairey Aviation Company Limited, it served principally with the Belgian Air Force throughout the 1930s until the outbreak of World War II.
Design and development
The Firefly was a private-venture design, penned by Marcel Lobelle, as the Curtiss D-12 powered Firefly I had been rejected owing to its American engine and its wooden structure, and could not be easily fitted with the larger and heavier geared Rolls-Royce Falcon XI favoured by the RAF. A completely new design, it shared little with the Firefly I beyond the name. Making use of experience gleaned from the earlier machine, it was developed in response to Specification F.20/27 for a single-seat interceptor. It first flew on 5 February 1929.
The Firefly II competed for the RAF contract against the Hawker Fury, showing superior speed but was criticised for having heavier controls. Crucially, it retained a mainly wooden structure despite the Air Ministry's demands for metal structures. This led to the Fury being selected. Afterwards, the prototype was rebuilt and renamed Firefly IIM, the "M" denoting the all-metal construction of the rebuilt machine.
A revised prototype with longer-span wings, the Firefly III was built to Specification N21/26 as a carrier-based fighter to replace the Fleet Air Arm's Fairey Flycatchers, first flying on 17 May 1929. Like the land-based fighter, it was rebuilt with more metal components as the Firefly IIIM, and again like the Firefly II, was beaten by a design produced by Hawker, in this case the Hawker Nimrod. Although no production orders ensued, the Firefly IIIM was fitted with floats and used as a trainer by the RAF's High Speed Flight preparing for the 1931 Schneider Trophy race.
Operational history
A contract was won for 25 IIM aircraft for Belgium's Aviation Militaire, followed by a contract for a further 62 to be constructed by Avions Fairey, Fairey's Belgian subsidiary. The Belgian aircraft served briefly in the Second World War from May to June 1940.
Two of the Belgian aircraft were converted to Firefly IV, with 785 hp (585 kW) Hispano-Suiza 12Xbrs engines but the improvement was not deemed sufficient to warrant development. One was restored to its original form, while the other passed to Fairey for trials. One aircraft was supplied to the Soviet Union.
Operators
Belgian Air Force
Royal Air Force
High Speed Flight RAF
Soviet Air Force – One Firefly Mk IIM, used for tests and trials.
Variants
Fairey Firefly II
Single-seat fighter prototype, powered by a 480 hp (360 kW) Rolls-Royce Kestrel piston engine. One built.
Fairey Firefly IIM
Single-seat single-engine fighter aircraft, of all-metal construction, equipped with resigned tail surfaces and revised engine cooling system.
Fairey Firefly III
Single-seat shipboard fighter prototype. One built.
Fairey Firefly IIIM
The Fairey Firefly III was rebuilt with all-metal construction and redesignated Firefly IIIM.
Fairey Firefly IV
Two Belgian Firefly IIs were converted, and fitted with the 785 hp (585 kW) Hispano-Suiza 12Xbrs engine.
Specifications (Firefly IIM)
See also
References
Notes
Bibliography
Garcia, Dionisio. "Air Force on the Edge: Belgian Military Aviation in 1940". Air Enthusiast, November/December 2001, No. 96. pp. 65–68. .
Green, William and Gordon Swanborough. The Complete Book of Fighters. New York: Smithmark, 1994. .
Mason, Francis K. The British Fighter since 1912. Annapolis, Maryland: Naval Institute Press, 1992.
Pacco, John. "Fairey Firefly" Belgisch Leger/Armee Belge: Het militair Vliegwezen/l'Aeronautique militaire 1930–1940. Artselaar, Belgium, 2003, pp. 32–38. .
Taylor, H. A. Fairey Aircraft since 1915. London: Putnam, 1988. .
Taylor, John W. R. and Jean Alexander. Combat Aircraft of the World. New York: G.P. Putnam's Sons, 1969. .
Willis, Matthew. "Database: Fairey Firefly". Aeroplane, August 2020, Vol. 48, No. 8. pp. 89–99. .
External links
Fairey Firefly II (Biplane) – British Aircraft of World War II
1920s British fighter aircraft
Firefly II
Single-engined tractor aircraft
Biplanes
Avions Fairey aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1929
Hard Fortune Creek is a stream in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is a tributary to Headstall Creek.
Hard Fortune Creek's name reflects the hardships experienced by pioneers.
References
Rivers of Georgia (U.S. state)
Rivers of McDuffie County, Georgia
Inès Konan Akissi (born 8 January 2002), known as Inès Konan, is an Ivorian footballer who plays for the Ivory Coast women's national team.
International career
Konan capped for the Ivory Coast at senior level during the 2020 CAF Women's Olympic Qualifying Tournament (fourth round).
See also
List of Ivory Coast women's international footballers
References
2002 births
Living people
Ivorian women's footballers
Ivory Coast women's international footballers
Women's association footballers not categorized by position
National Route 22 () is a highway in southern Vietnam stretching from the northwestern outskirts of Ho Chi Minh City, the commercial centre of the country, towards the Cambodian border to the northwest. It is the main route for trade and traffic between Cambodia and southern Vietnam. Under French administration, this highway was designated National Road 1.
The highway starts on the northwestern outskirts of Ho Chi Minh City, near Hóc Môn. The highway passes through the town of Củ Chi before reaching Trảng Bàng and Gò Dầu near the Cambodian border. At Gò Dầu, one branch, Route 22A, diverges into the border town of Mộc Bài before crossing the border and becoming National Highway 1 in Cambodia while National Route 22B continues northwest into Tây Ninh Province, the heartland of the Cao Dai religion before reaching the provincial capital of Tây Ninh. The highway continues north, reaching a border crossing at the town of Trai Bi and becoming National Route 1 in Bavet in Svay Rieng Province on the Cambodian border where it leads to Phnom Penh in the northwest.
References
AH1
22
Merryvale is a rural locality in the Scenic Rim Region, Queensland, Australia. In the , Merryvale had a population of 22 people.
Geography
Merryvale is a predominantly agricultural area.
History
Merryvale Provisional School opened on 10 September 1894. It closed in 1904 due to low enrolment, and reopened on 5 March 1906 as Franklyn Vale Provisional School. On 1 January 1909, it became Franklyn Vale Provisional School, but again closed in 1915 due to low attendance. In 1922, it was moved back to Merryvale, reopening on 15 May 1922 as Merryvale State School. It celebrated its 50th jubilee on 7 August 1947. It closed again in 1950, reopened, then finally closed in 1961.
At the , Merryvale had a population of 22, in nine households. Its male/female populations were 52.0% and 48.0%, respectively, with a median age of 34, four years below the national average.
Education
There are no schools in Merryvale. The nearest government primary school is Warrill View State School in Warrill View to the east. The nearest government secondary school is Rosewood State High School in Rosewood to the north-east.
References
Scenic Rim Region
Localities in Queensland
Mathematics of Control, Signals, and Systems is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that covers research concerned with mathematically rigorous system theoretic aspects of control and signal processing. The journal was founded by Eduardo Sontag and Bradley Dickinson in 1988. The editors-in-chief are Lars Gruene, Eduardo Sontag, and Jan H. van Schuppen.
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in Digital Mathematics Registry, Mathematical Reviews, Science Citation Index, Scopus, VINITI Database RAS, and Zentralblatt Math. The journal is abstracted and indexed in Digital Mathematics Registry, Mathematical Reviews, Science Citation Index, Scopus, VINITI Database RAS, and Zentralblatt Math. The journal has a 2019 impact factor of 0.976 (2019)
References
External links
Publications established in 1988
Mathematics journals
Springer Science+Business Media academic journals
English-language journals
Quarterly journals
SS Myron was a wooden steamship built in 1888. They spent their 31-year career as lumber hooker, towing schooner barges on the Great Lakes. They sank in 1919, in a Lake Superior November gale. All of their 17 crew members were killed but their captain survived. They were found drifting on wreckage near Ile Parisienne. Them tow, the Miztec, survived. Myron defied the adage that Lake Superior "seldom gives up their dead" when all 17 crewmembers were found frozen to death wearing their life jackets. Local residents chopped eight of Myrons sailors from the ice on the shore of Whitefish Bay and buried them at the Mission Hill Cemetery in Bay Mills Township, Michigan.
Myrons steering wheel, steam whistle, and many other artifacts were illegally removed from their wreck site in the 1980s by members of the Great Lakes Shipwreck Historical Society. Them artifacts are now the property of the State of Michigan and are on display as a loan to the Great Lakes Shipwreck Museum. The wreck of Myron is protected as part of an underwater museum in the Whitefish Point Underwater Preserve.
History
The wooden steamer Myron was built as a lumber hooker in 1888 in Grand Haven, Michigan. They were originally named Mark Hopkins for the son of Captain Harris Baker, the first of a series of owners. Them name was changed to Myron in 1902.
Myron suffered several major mishaps and rebuilds during their 31-year career on the Great Lakes. They were sunk by Vanderbilt on 27 September 1895, in Hay Lake, near Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan. They were raised 19 October 1895, and rebuilt in Marine City, Michigan in 1896. They were released after they ran ashore on Long Point on Lake Erie in 1901. They were rebuilt again from 1903-1904 in Bay City, Michigan.
Myron averaged 12 trips a year at the end of their career and they sailed under the flag of O.W. Blodgett Lumber Company, considered the last of the big lumber companies on the Great Lakes. As a lumber hooker, Myron was designed to tow one or two barges and to carry their own deck load to pay their way. They towed big, old converted schooners stripped of their masts and running gear to carry large cargoes. The schooner barge Miztec was the last of Myrons many consorts when they foundered.
Final voyage
Myron departed Munising, Michigan on Lake Superior bound for Buffalo, New York shortly before dawn on 22 November 1919, towing Miztec. Both vessels were piled high with lumber. A crew of 18 was aboard Myron and 7 manned Miztec.
Two hours after departure from Munising, a severe November gale struck Myron and Miztec with northwest winds blowing , a rapidly dropping temperature, and heavy snow. When the pounding seas opened the wooden seams on the aged Myron, their pumps could not keep up with below deck water. Ice builds up on Myron changed their center of gravity and made them unstable in the heavy seas. Them engine could not keep up with the accumulation of water and ice until they were reduced to a speed of . Captain Walter Neal, of Myron, decided to drop Miztec off near Vermilion Point before they attempted to fight their way to the shelter of Whitefish Bay. The battered Miztec dropped their anchors, swung their bow to the seas, and survived the storm.
When the larger, steel steamer Adriatic came upon the struggling Myron, they ran alongside Myron and provided shelter from the smashing waves in the long battle to reach Whitefish Bay. The lookout at the Vermilion Life-saving Station gave the alert when they spotted the laboring Myron shadowed by Adriatic. Captain McGaw and their Vermilion crew launched their motor powered surf boat in the raging surf and followed Myron.
Myron came to within of Whitefish Point when the rising water below deck extinguished their boiler fires. They slipped into a deadly trough and sank to the bottom of Lake Superior within 4 minutes. Although their crew launched their 2 lifeboats, they were trapped by the surrounding sea boiling with wreckage and lumber. The pilothouse of Myron blew off as they sank with Captain Neal still inside. They climbed out the window and clung to the roof.
Rescue efforts
Adriatic stayed with Myron to their end and twice tried to break through the mass of debris to save the castaways but was forced to pull away to avoid foundering after touching bottom with both rescue attempts.
Captain Lawrence of the H.P. McIntosh decided to try rescuing Myrons crew after they witnessed Adriatics failed attempts. They forced their steel steamer through the wreckage field to come close enough to throw lines to Myrons crew but they were so numbed by the frigid temperature, they could not grasp the lines with their frozen hands. Captain Lawrence had to pull away for open water to avoid H.P. McIntoshs destruction by the mountainous waves in the shallow water.
The Vermilion lifesaving crew arrived at the wreck site after a wild trip but they could not reach Myrons crewmen without smashing their small boat in the mass of floating lumber. Captain McGaw calculated that the survivor's lifeboats would be swept down into Whitefish Bay so they rounded Whitefish Point and went in pitch darkness and heavy seas to Ile Parisienne but found nothing. Lighthouse keeper Robert Carlson reported that the exhausted Vermilion crew arrived at the Whitefish Point dock cut and bleeding from the beating they took by the heavy seas.
Twenty hours after Myrons sinking, Captain Jordon of the steamer W.C. Franz was upbound out of the Soo Locks and on the lookout for survivors when they sighted a body moving on wreckage near Ile Parisienne. Captain Jordon launched a lifeboat and rescued a half-dead Captain Neal from the roof of Myrons pilothouse. Captain Neal's clothing was frozen to their body and their hands were so swollen that 2 finger rings were not visible but they survived.
The rescue of Captain Neal gave hope that others from Myron survived. United States Coast Guard submarine chaser number 438 left Sault Ste. Marie with a double crew searching for survivors but was unsuccessful. Three days after the sinking, a Kingston, Ontario, newspaper cited a Lake Superior adage when it declared, "... Little hope is held out, however that Myron bodies would wash ashore, unless lashed to wreckage, as the cold lake waters prevent forming of gases, and, it is claimed bodies seldom rise to the surface. It is traditional that 'Lake Superior seldom gives up their dead.'"
All 17 crewmen of Myron drowned or froze to death in Whitefish Bay. All were recovered wearing life jackets and covered with ice. A tug owned by Frank Weston found a boat load of frozen crewmen in Whitefish Bay several days after the sinking. Some crewmen were frozen into grotesque shapes that had to be thawed out next to a roaring fire at a Sault Ste. Marie funeral home. The bodies of five of the crewman were found encased in ice near Whitefish Point in November 1919, but further search for the lost crew was hampered by a heavy snow and sleet storm. Local residents found eight bodies of Myrons crew frozen in the ice near Salt Point on Whitefish Bay the next spring. Dave Parrish and Jay Johnston chopped the sailors from the ice and Simon Johnston buried them in rough boxes made at Evans mill. The sailors rest at the pine covered Mission Hill Cemetery in Bay Mills Township, Michigan overlooking Iroquois Point and Whitefish Bay. Their graves are enclosed by a white fence with a signboard "Sailors of the Steamer Myron" attached to it.
A large stern section of Myron washed ashore on the Canadian side of Whitefish Bay. All the lumber on the two vessels was lost. Myron carried of lumber and Miztec carried of lumber. The lumber washed ashore for days west of Whitefish Point and in Whitefish Bay, enough lumber to build two small towns. The 31-year-old Myron was valued at $45,000.
Criminal charges
In press interviews, Myrons Captain Neal leveled criminal charges against the captains of Adriatic and H.P. McIntosh that prompted an investigation of many months by the United States marine inspectors. At a special Steamboat Inspection Service hearing, Captain Neal stated: I was clinging to the roof of the pilothouse when the McIntosh hailed me shortly after the Myron went down from under me. The McIntosh drew alongside me, not more than away. Although it was dusk, the ship was so close that I had no difficulty in making out their name. I talked to the captain and expected that they would put out a yawl and pick me up. They did not do so, nor attempt in any way to help me. 'I will have a boat sent for you,' the captain of the McIntosh called. And they drew away. I have never seen them since, nor do I ever want to see them by the great hokey, pokey.
The Steamboat Inspection Service revoked the licenses of the masters of Adriatic and H.P. McIntosh for life. The marine community considered the verdict a gross injustice against the masters who risked their lives, their crews, and their vessels in efforts to rescue Myron in the treacherous shallows off Whitefish Point. It is probable that the verdict was reversed but there are no available records to confirm this.
Wreck history
John Steele and Tom Farnquist (Executive Director of the Great Lakes Shipwreck Historical Society (GLSHS)) discovered Myrons wreck in 1972, in of water, about from Whitefish Point, at Steel and Farnquist salvaged the anchor from Myron and donated it to the Museum Ship Valley Camp in Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan. The GLSHS later positively identified the wreck in 1982, when they salvaged the builder's plate and other artifacts from Myron for display in the Great Lakes Shipwreck Museum at Whitefish Point. Michigan's Antiquities Act of 1980 prohibited the removal of artifacts from shipwrecks on the Great Lakes bottomlands. The Evening News reported a Michigan Department of Natural Resources and Environment 1992 raid on the Great Lakes Shipwreck Museum and its offices that found evidence of 150 artifacts illegally removed from the state-claimed bottomlands, including artifacts from Myron. Following a settlement agreement with the GLSHS, an axe, double sheave block, signs, a valve, steering wheel, steam whistle, lumber hook, open-end wrenches, a soup bowl, an oiler, and a block pulley from Myron are now the property of the State of Michigan. Myrons artifacts are on loan to the GLSHS for display in the Great Lakes Shipwreck Museum.
Myrons remains are shattered by surf and ice but they are a popular site for scuba divers. Them bow sits upright draped with anchor chains. A large windlass lies just off their bow. The boiler and engine sit off their port side, a metal capstan is on the stern, most of their midsection is disintegrated, the keel is mostly buried, and the enormous, four-bladed propeller sits upright.
Myrons wreck site is protected for future generations of scuba divers by the Whitefish Point Underwater Preserve as part of an underwater museum. Divers who visit the wreck sites are expected to observe preservation laws and "take nothing but pictures and leave nothing but bubbles". Great Lakes diver Harrington cautions that "divers must be certain of their abilities and equipment" when diving the Whitefish Point Underwater Preserve. Miztec sank in 1921, and came to rest near their longtime campanion, Myron, to be together forever.
Notes
References
External links
Mission Hill Cemetery - Sailors of the S.S. Myron
1888 ships
Steamships of the United States
Lumber schooners
Merchant ships of the United States
Maritime incidents in 1919
Shipwrecks of Lake Superior
Ships built in Michigan
Schooners of the United States
Steam barges
Wreck diving sites
Chiasmia nora is a moth in the family Geometridae, described by Francis Walker in 1861. It is found in northern India, Sri Lanka, south-eastern Asia and probably throughout Sundaland.
Description
Its wingspan is about 42 mm. Forewings with outer margin slightly angled at vein 4. Male with dilated hind tibia. Very similar to Semiothisa eleonora, differs from black suffusion especially beyond the medial band of both wings. Forewings with a black speck at the end of the cell. Hindwings with black patches beyond the band more numerous. A white patch found on the outer area below vein 4.
Larva greenish, with light, dull yellow longitudinal bands. Larvae have been reared on Acacia species. Males are known to feed from mammalian body fluids. It was observed to drink the droplets exuded from the anus of a mosquito while it was sucking blood from a water buffalo.
References
External links
Macariini
Vivaldi is a crater on Mercury. It was named by the IAU after Italian composer Antonio Vivaldi in 1976. It has a prominent and nearly continuous inner ring whose diameter measures about half that of the outer ring. It is one of 110 peak ring basins on Mercury. Unlike some of the lunar multiringed structures, no vestiges of additional rings are apparent around this crater. It is classified as c3 age.
References
Impact craters on Mercury
Vivaldi crater
The 2010 Kawasaki Frontale season was their sixth consecutive season in J.League 1, the top division of football in Japan.
Competitions
Player statistics
Other pages
J. League official site
Kawasaki Frontale
Kawasaki Frontale seasons
Avera Health is a regional health system based in Sioux Falls, South Dakota, United States, comprising more than 300 locations in 100 communities throughout South Dakota, Minnesota, Iowa, Nebraska and North Dakota. Avera serves a geographical footprint of more than 72,000 square miles and 86 counties, and a population of nearly 1 million.
As a fully integrated health system, Avera Health includes Avera Medical Group, which is composed of physicians and advanced practice providers who serve patients at nearly 200 secure locations across the five-state region.
Throughout the region, Avera Health offers care in 60 distinct specialties, including behavioral health, cardiology, oncology, orthopedics, brain and spine, neurosurgery, digestive disease, bariatrics, dermatology, endocrinology and diabetes, ophthalmology, pulmonology and sleep medicine, pain management, neonatology, pediatrics, rheumatology, women's specialties and more.
In addition to care, Avera Health Plans was created in 1999 to offer affordable health insurance and a large network of providers. Today, Avera Health Plans serves individuals, families, and employer groups in South Dakota and Iowa and is the third largest health plan in the state of South Dakota.
With more than 16,000 employees and physicians, Avera is South Dakota's largest private employer. The name Avera is derived from a Latin term meaning “to be well.”
History
Avera came into existence when two orders of religious women—the Benedictine Sisters of Yankton, South Dakota, and the Presentation Sisters of Aberdeen, South Dakota—merged their Catholic health care systems into a single entity.
These two religious orders serve as Avera's sponsors; that is, their association with Avera gives it the status of officially being a work of the Catholic Church.
Over the years, the sisters have served in many roles, from governance and administration, to nursing, lab and dietary.
Their focus is on meeting the health care needs of the communities they serve.
Services
Avera eCARE
Avera has provided virtual care that dates back to 1993. eCARE uses interactive video and technology to connect with outlying sites through a virtual hospital based in Sioux Falls. eCARE partners with hospitals to provide increased access to specialists through:
eICU CARE
eEmergency
eConsult
ePharmacy
eLongTermCare
eCorrectional Health
Avera eCARE was sold to Aquiline Capital Partners in the fourth quarter of 2021 and rebranded as Avel eCare.
Research, genomics and genetics
Avera's genomics team involves multiple professionals locally and internationally. Working primarily with breast and gynecologic cancer patients, this team uses genetic analysis to recommend therapies targeted to fight an individual tumor. The Avera Institute for Human Genetics offers personalized medicine for pain management, behavioral health and more, plus DNA analysis as part of the world's largest twin study, the Netherlands Twins Register (NTR). The Avera Research Institute is conducts clinical trials, cancer registries for breast and thyroid tumors, oncology research nurses, and investigator initiated studies.
Since 2011, Avera has been part of an international trial based in Salzburg, Austria, testing a protocol for women age 41 and over with early stage breast cancer that delivers electron-based intraoperative radiation therapy (IORT) at the time of lumpectomy followed by three weeks of external beam radiation therapy, shortening follow-up external beam radiation therapy by three weeks. A new protocol is testing one-time IORT treatment for patients age 60 and over, eliminating the need for additional radiation.
Solid organ and bone marrow transplant
Avera is home to the region's longest standing kidney transplant program, established in 1993, in addition to pancreas and liver transplant. In 1996, Avera began the region's only Bone Marrow Transplant program, providing both allogeneic and autologous stem cell transplantation.
Clinics and centers
Through its 300 locations, Avera contains various facilities:
Primary care clinics and rural clinics
Specialty clinics
Tertiary care center
Community hospitals
Critical access hospitals
Specialty heart hospital
Long-term care and retirement communities
Behavioral health outpatient and inpatient care for seniors, adults, adolescents and children
Free-standing outpatient surgery center
Patient-centered cancer centers
Sports training and fitness facilities
Home care and hospice
Home medical equipment
Locations
The Avera Central Office is based in Sioux Falls, S.D., with six regional centers:
Avera St. Luke's Hospital, Aberdeen, South Dakota
Avera Marshall Regional Medical Center, Marshall, Minnesota
Avera Queen of Peace Hospital, Mitchell, South Dakota
Avera St. Mary's Hospital, Pierre, South Dakota.
Avera McKennan Hospital & University Health Center, Sioux Falls, South Dakota
Avera Sacred Heart Hospital, Yankton, South Dakota
Other Locations
Avera Behavioral Health Center - Sioux Falls, South Dakota
Avera Flandreau Medical Center - Flandreau, South Dakota
Avera Gettysburg Hospital - Gettysburg, South Dakota
Avera Gregory Healthcare Center - Gregory, South Dakota
Avera Heart Hospital of South Dakota - Sioux Falls, South Dakota
Avera Holy Family Health - Estherville, Iowa
Avera Milbank Area Hospital - Milbank, South Dakota
Avera Neonatology - Sioux Falls, South Dakota
Avera Regional Perinatal Center - Sioux Falls, South Dakota
Avera St. Anthony's Hospital - O'Neill, Nebraska
Avera St. Benedict Health Center - Parkston, South Dakota
Brookings and Avera Medical Group - Brookings, South Dakota
Avera Weskota Memorial Medical Center - Wessington Springs, South Dakota
Dells Area Health Center/Avera Health - Dell Rapids, South Dakota
Divine Providence Health Center/Avera Health - Ivanhoe, Minnesota
Eureka Community Health Services/Avera - Eureka, South Dakota
Floyd Valley Hospital/Avera Health - Le Mars, Iowa
Hand County Memorial Hospital/Avera - Miller, South Dakota
Hegg Memorial Health Center/Avera - Rock Valley, Iowa
Lakes Regional Healthcare - Spirit Lake, Iowa
Landmann-Jungman Memorial Hospital/Avera - Scotland, South Dakota
Marshall County Healthcare Center/Avera - Britton, South Dakota
Osceola Community Hospital - Sibley, Iowa
Pediatric Critical Care and Hospitalist Service - Sioux Falls, South Dakota
Pipestone County Medical Center/Avera - Pipestone, Minnesota
Platte Health Center/Avera - Platte, South Dakota
Sioux Center Community Hospital & Health Center/Avera - Sioux Center, Iowa
St. Michael's Hospital and Nursing Home/Avera Health - Tyndall, South Dakota
Tyler Healthcare Center/Avera - Tyler, Minnesota
References
External links
Avera Health web site
Companies based in Sioux Falls, South Dakota
Medical and health organizations based in South Dakota
Hospital networks in the United States
Francis Lyons may refer to:
Francis Lyons (1798–1862), Member of Parliament for Cork
F. S. L. Lyons (1923–1983) (Francis S.L. Lyons), Irish historian
Frank Lyons (1954-present) (Francis R. Lyons), American Anglican bishop
See also
Francis Lyon (disambiguation)
Lyons (surname)
The Journal of Psychosocial Nursing and Mental Health Services is a monthly peer-reviewed nursing journal for psychosocial and mental health nurses. It includes sections on psychopharmacology, mental health care of older adults, addictive behaviors and diagnoses, and child/adolescent disorders and issues. The editor-in-chief is Mona Shattell (Rush University). The journal was established in 1963 and published bimonthly. In 1978, the publication frequency increased to monthly.
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in:
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2017 impact factor of 0.608.
See also
List of nursing journals
References
External links
Psychiatric and mental health nursing journals
Monthly journals
English-language journals
Publications established in 1963
The Independent is an Australian independent mockumentary film released in 2007, produced by Apocalypse Films. It chronicles the story of Marty Browning (Lee Mason), a man who runs for state parliament in a Victorian by-election to save their family farm, backed by a shady business person (Tony Nikolakopoulos). They run as an independent, but under the banner of "The Independent Party"; their plan is to form policies by asking members of the public for their opinions, thereby providing a direct public voice in parliament. (A similar purpose is held by the real-life Australian party Senator On-Line.)
The film was shot in 2006, and released to a small number of cinemas on 8 November 2007 in the lead up to the 2007 Australian federal election. A national cinema launch is planned for April/May 2008.
Critical response
Critical reception to the film was positive, with good reviews from many high-profile Australian film critics and an average rating of around three stars. A frequent criticism was that the film seems uncertain of its tone, wavering between comedy and drama, but overall the film was considered successfully endearing, with some reviewers praising the filmmakers' decision not to merely go for laughs. Margaret Pomeranz found the ending "problematic", but along with most other reviewers singled out Mason for their "outstanding" performance; James Brown of FILMINK Magazine described Marty as "the most charming protagonist since Kenny".
See also
Cinema of Australia
References
External links
The Independent - official Apocalypse Films page
ABC Radio interview - John Studley and Andrew O'Keefe interviewed on 774 ABC
2007 films
Films shot in Melbourne
2007 comedy films
Australian comedy films
2000s English-language films
Acacia assimilis is a shrub or tree of the genus Acacia and the subgenus Plurinerves that is endemic to an area in the south-west of Australia.
Description
The rounded spreading and dense shrub or tree typically grows to a height of and has glabrous and terete branchlets with densely hairy yellow coloured new shoots. Like most species of Acacia it has phyllodes rather than new leaves. The glabrescent green phyllodes are patent to ascending with a filiform shape that is straight to slightly curved. The phyllodes are in length and have a diameter of and have many closely parallel, fine nerves. It blooms from January to December and produces yellow flowers.
Taxonomy
There are two recognised varieties:
Acacia assimilis var. assimilis
Acacia assimilis var. atroviridis
Distribution
It is native to an area in the Wheatbelt, Great Southern and Goldfields-Esperance regions of Western Australia where it is commonly situated on sandplains, in low-lying areas, among granite outcrops and on rocky hills growing in sandy or loamy-gravelly soils over granite or laterite..
See also
List of Acacia species
References
assimilis
Acacias of Western Australia
Plants described in 1920
Deep River is an unincorporated community in Ross Township, Lake County, Indiana.
History
Deep River, originally called Woodvale, is a community that sprang up around a mill started by John Wood in 1835.
References
Unincorporated communities in Lake County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Cullen Castle was a royal castle about west of Cullen, Moray, Scotland, west of the burn of Deskford, and south of Seatown. The remains have been designated as a Scheduled Ancient Monument, accessible to the public. This is not to be confused with Cullen House or Castle of Cullen of Buchan. There is also a ruin of a Cullen Castle in County Waterford, Ireland.
History
Elizabeth de Burgh, the wife of Robert the Bruce died here, although it has been suggested this was at an earlier castle. Vestiges of the castle remained until the 19th century.
Structure
It is believed that the castle, on Castle Hill, was a motte, encircled by a wide ditch and outer rampart, except on the north where a landslip has destroyed it. The ditch is about wide and deep; the outer bank is about wide and high.
The mound of the motte has been covered by a network of ancient paths. Excavations were conducted in February–October 2017 to restore parts of the network and minimise erosion. Eight test pits were dug of which seven located the main path. The other one was dug in an area less disturbed by foot traffic and did not locate the path despite being excavated to a depth of . Foundation bases for picnic tables and benches and a replacement flagpole socket were installed during the excavations. No finds or features of archaeological interest were found.
References
Castles in Moray
Former castles in Scotland
MechWarrior Tactics was a free-to-play turn-based tactics video game set in the BattleTech universe. It was originally under development by Roadhouse Interactive and ACRONYM Games, but was taken over by Blue Lizard Games and published by Infinite Game Publishing for the Unity Web Player platform. The game remained in closed beta for two years, with Founder Packs allowing players to purchase instant access, but development has been on hold since of end of 2013 and the game's website has been unavailable since the end of August 2014.
Gameplay
The game pitted two players against each other in an online turn-based match. The turn-based combat was presented via an isometric 3D perspective, with the play area divided into a hexagonal grid. Each player had control of four individual BattleMechs, to which they issue separate movement and combat commands which are not seen by their opponent. Moving the 'Mechs into certain tiles that represent forests, hills, or bodies of water grants combat advantages and disadvantages, making the skillful maneuvering of units a major aspect of the game. Likewise, the combat itself offered several tactical options, including the targeting of specific sub-sections of an enemy unit, and balancing overheating of weapons with their cool-down period. Once both players finished inputting their movement and combat orders, the action played out on both players' screens simultaneously, showing the results of their actions for that turn. The turns continued in this fashion until one player loses all their 'Mechs.
A major inspiration for the game was the BattleTech Collectible Card Game. Most items available to the player were represented in the form of virtual cards, including the 'Mechs themselves, their individual weapons, upgrades, and pilots. These cards could be purchased with real money or acquired through gameplay progression by using in-game currency. Customization performed on a particular 'Mech was intended to carry over into future games, giving players an incentive to invest in their card collections for the long haul rather than building up an arsenal for one specific match.
The entire game was played inside a web browser window and did not require any additional downloads whilst still available to play.
Controversy and publisher bankruptcy
In late August 2014, Blue Lizard Games (cited on the game's website as its present developer) has stated the company had no involvement with MechWarrior Tactics' development since December 2013:
"[...]unfortunately our development contract on MWT was cancelled in December last year. Please contact IGP for updates."
Since August 28, 2014 the official website's main page was with no prior warning replaced with a customized Cloudflare HTTP 500 error page stating the website is unavailable due to a 72-hour "extended maintenance" window due to a hardware upgrade.
This led players to attempt contact with IGP in order to demand status updates on the game or request refunds on their Founder Program payments.
Throughout 2013 and 2014 IGP has continued selling Founder Program packages and marketing the game as under development and scheduled for Open Beta "later this year".
Due to these practices continuing in absence of development progress, accusations of scam have been directed at IGP. The discovery that a major portion of the company employees have left their employ has also prompted theories that Infinite Games Publishing may be shutting down.
As of September 18, members of the game's fanbase have managed to obtain a response from Infinite Games Publishing through the company's former CEO Kelly Zmak, stating the game "will be offline for a while longer" but it is not cancelled and "IGP is seeking a new partner/developer and a new hosting location for the game", although with no definite timeline. As of September 20, the message on the game's website has been updated to reflect that statement.
As of early December 2014, the rights to the game were placed on sale as part of bankruptcy proceedings initiated on October 1 and were sold to an unknown buyer.
References
External links
Official website via Internet Archive
BattleTech games
Browser games
Free-to-play video games
MechWarrior
Multiplayer video games
Turn-based tactics video games
Video games developed in Canada
Cancelled Windows games
Björn the Eunuch (Icelandic: Björn er Geldingur, Swedish: Björn Hovmannen) was a semi-legendary king of Sweden who would have lived some time in the 10th century. Björn the Eunuch is said to have been a ruler of the House of Munsö who reigned briefly before being emasculated by their enemies and exiled to the Duchy of Normandy.
See also
Early Swedish History
House of Munsö
Notes
Bibliography
Lagerquist, Lars O. (1997). Sveriges Regenter, från forntid till nutid. Norstedts, Stockholm.
Semi-legendary kings of Sweden
10th-century births
10th-century deaths
Eunuchs
House of Munsö
10th-century Swedish people
Cliona Manahan has been the Irish Ambassador to the Czech Republic and Ukraine since September 2019. From 2014 until 2019, they were Ambassador of Ireland to Denmark and Iceland and was Consul General of Ireland to Scotland.
Manahan graduated from Trinity College Dublin, earning a BA in Legal Science.
Manahan is married to Christopher Mark Leslie, son of Desmond Leslie, and they have two children: Luke Daniel Leslie (b. 1987) and Leah Leslie (b. 1992).
References
Irish women ambassadors
Ambassadors of Ireland to Ukraine
Ambassadors of Ireland to Denmark
Ambassadors of Ireland to Iceland
Ambassadors of Ireland to the Czech Republic
Alumni of Trinity College Dublin
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Carlos Isaías Morales Williams (born December 3, 1993), better known as Sech, is a Panamanian singer.  They are from the Río Abajo township of Panama City and is best known for their single "Otro Trago", which was nominated for Best Urban Song and Best Urban Fusion/Performance at the 2019 Latin Grammy Awards. They have collaborated with numerous Latin artists including Maluma, Anitta, Nicky Jam, Daddy Yankee, and Bad Bunny. They released their debut studio album Sueños in April 2019 and their second album 1 of 1 was released on May 21, 2020.
Biography
1993–2014: Early life and career beginnings
Carlos Isaías Morales Williams was born the youngest of four children in the Río Abajo township of Panama City to parents who were both pastors. They developed their singing voice while singing in their church's choir. They additionally enjoyed writing poetry and singing along to the music of Boyz II Men. After high school, they worked in the food service and construction industries while producing music on the side with their friend Focking Rafita. They began their musical career in Panama as a street vendor who also sang to customers. Morales started their career in the group Los Principiantes. Their first song with the group, titled "Te Llamaba", was released in June 2008.
2014–2018: Solo career and national success
In 2014, Sech released their debut single "Yo Sin Ti". Between 2014 and 2017, Sech began releasing new songs until the release of "Miss Lonely", which became their first national hit and gave them their national recognition. The song went viral in Colombia and attracted the attention of producer and DJ Dimelo Flow. Following this, Sech was signed to Rich Music in 2017, and in December of that year, they released their first mixtape album, titled The Sensation Mixtape.
Sech's debut extended play The Sensation, was released on December 6, 2018. Consisting of 8 songs, the album includes the singles "Me Gustaría", "La Vida" and the original version of "Que Más Pues", which its remix would be included on their following release. The album also features guest appearances from International artists, including Justin Quiles, Jowell & Randy and Dalex.
2019–present
In April 2019, Sech released "Otro Trago". The song reached number one in their native Panama, as well in Spain, Argentina, Colombia, Peru, Paraguay, Honduras and Mexico. It also became Sech's first entry on the US Billboard Hot 100 peaking at number 34. Sech describes "Otro Trago" as "the song that truly changed [his] life". The track was nominated for Best Urban Song and Best Urban Fusion/Performance at the 2019 Latin Grammy Awards. That same month, Sech released their debut studio album Sueños, which reached number three on the Billboard Top Latin Albums chart. The album includes the Panamanian top 10 single "Solita" featuring Farruko and Zion & Lennox. It also includes the remix of the song "Qué Más Pues" featuring Maluma, Nicky Jam, Lenny Tavarez, Justin Quiles and Dalex. Sueños was ranked number three on the Rolling Stone list of the "25 Best Latin Albums of 2019". In August 2019, Suzy Exposito of Rolling Stone noted that Sech is "rapidly becoming urbano's most wanted collaborator".
They featured on Nicky Jam's 2019 Íntimo album on the song "Atrévete", released in November 2019. The song peaked at number four in Sech's native Panama. Sech also appeared on the song "Ignorantes" with Bad Bunny, included on Bad Bunny's album YHLQMDLG. The song reached the top ten in Panama, Spain and the US Billboard Hot Latin Songs chart, and peaked at number 49 on the US Billboard Hot 100. Other songs Sech was featured includes "Definitivamente" with Daddy Yankee, and "Ganas De Ti" with Wisin & Yandel, with both songs peaking at number two in Panama.
During a Zoom listening party on May 7, 2020, Sech announced that their second studio album, 1 of 1 would be released on May 21, 2020. The album's lead single, "Si Te Vas" with Ozuna, reached the top ten in Panama and Spain. The album also includes the Panamanian top 10 single "Relación" and features appearances from Daddy Yankee, Arcángel, Nando Boom, and Lenny Tavarez. Sech explained that the album also includes "throwbacks to Panama's classic reggae en español sound". "Relación" became Sech's fourth top 10 on the Hot Latin Songs chart and their first solo song to do so. The song also garnered popularity on the video-sharing app TikTok.
On April 15, 2021, Sech released their third studio album called 42, an 11 track album with features from Rauw Alejandro, Wisin, Yandel, Arcángel, and Nicky Jam. The name of this album was chosen as a tribute to Jackie Robinson, who was the first African American in the MLB. The number also has significance to Sech because of how it was passed on to Panamanian baseball player, Mariano Rivera.
Also in 2021, they released "Volando (Remix)" with Bad Bunny and Mora, Una Nota with J Balvin, "Tus Lágrimas" with Mora, and "Se Le Ve" with Dímelo Flow, Justin Quiles, Lenny Tavárez, Arcangel, De La Ghetto, and Dalex.
At the end of 2021, Sech and DJ Khalid released the song "Borracho". Sech also released a single called "Noche De Teto" as their first song in 2022. Also, via Instagram stories, Sech said that the name for their upcoming album would be "Bienvendios al Bloke." The date for this album has yet to be announced.
Musical style
Sech possesses a tenor vocal range. A Billboard staff member wrote that Sech's music contains "soothing vocals, sensual urban fusion melodies, and lyrics that focus on romance, dreams and positive vibes". In an interview with Billboard, Sech mentioned El General as being an influence on their music. "Otro Trago" was described by Rolling Stone as a "piano-reggaeton ballad about drinking and dancing the heartbreak away". Sech is a fan of jazz music and expressed a desire to incorporate jazz music into their compositions. They described their musical experimentation by saying, "Everything changes so fast. Today, we're singing reggaeton. Tomorrow, we'll be singing in Arabic! You never know where things are gonna go, and that's an exciting challenge".
Discography
Studio albums
Collaborative albums
Mixtapes
Extended plays
Singles
As a lead artist
As a featured artist
Other charted songs
Guest appearances
See also
Number-one singles of 2019 (Panama)
Notes
References
1993 births
Living people
21st-century Panamanian male singers
21st-century Panamanian singers
Panamanian reggaeton musicians
Panamanian songwriters
Panamanian people of African descent
People from Panama City
Latin music songwriters
Jason Moore (born 10 October 1988 in Bedford, England) is a motor racing driver.
Career
Karting
Moore began their karting career in 2000 aged 11, with a campaign in the Super 1 National Cadet Championship. Moore finished 24th in the championship, with the best finish of 10th coming at Rowrah.
Moore then moved up to the Super 1 National Junior TKM Championship for three seasons. In 2001, they finished in a lowly 25th place in the championship, with their best finish of 15th coming at the final round at Buckmore Park. The 2002 season was far more successful, as they broke into the top ten, eventually finishing in ninth place. A sixth place at Buckmore was their best result of the season. 2003 was their best season, as they ended up runner-up in the championship, just twenty points behind champion Lee Bell. Moore's season included wins at the first two rounds at Rowrah, and Kimbolton.
Moore stepped up another level to Intercontinental A Junior kart for the 2004 season. They ended up ninth in the championship, with a win at Lydd. Moore continued in the class in 2005, but did not compete in the whole season, pulling out after a troublesome weekend at Clay Pigeon. Their best result was 22nd at Three Sisters. Their final season of karting produced their only championship win, as they eased to a 21-point winning margin over Micky Higham in the 2006 Super 1 National Formula TKM Extreme Championship, despite only winning one main final at Fulbeck.
Formula Palmer Audi
Moore moved straight into the 450 bhp Formula Palmer Audi series for the 2007 season. They amassed five podiums in their debut season, including four third-place finishes en route to fifth in the championship. Moore continued their progress in the series, by committing to an Autumn Trophy campaign. They recorded their first podium in an FPA car, with a third during the opening race at Brands Hatch.
A second season followed in 2008, and saw Moore successfully claim the championship title. Moore claimed six wins, and finished on the podium a further eight times, as they edged out Tom Bradshaw by nine points. Their championship success also saw them being nominated for the McLaren Autosport BRDC Award, but would eventually lose out to Alexander Sims.
Formula Two
2009 saw Moore move up to the FIA Formula Two Championship, driving car number 31. They scored three points en route to 22nd in the championship. They also set the fastest lap in the first race at Circuit de Catalunya.
Racing record
Career summary
Complete FIA Formula Two Championship results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
References
External links
Career statistics from Driver Database
1988 births
Living people
English racing drivers
FIA Formula Two Championship drivers
Formula Palmer Audi drivers
The Jefferson Seaway was a proposed deep-draft ship channel to be created in Jefferson Parish, Louisiana, that would establish a route between the Mississippi River at Westwego and the Gulf of Mexico near Grand Isle. The Mississippi River provided the only deep-water access to New Orleans and its neighboring ports. In the mid-20th century, the creation of alternate routes was considered, including the Mississippi River-Gulf Outlet (MR-GO), which was ultimately selected, funded and constructed. The Jefferson Seaway, sometimes referred to as the Arrow to the Americas, the Mississippi Valley Seaway Canal, the Tidewater Ship Canal and the Barataria Canal, was also under consideration but ultimately was never constructed as a deep-draft channel.
Early concepts
In the absence of human-made channels, the only deep draft route leading to the City of New Orleans is by way of the Mississippi River. Prior to the 1870s, shoaling of sediment at the river delta presented draft restrictions that limited available water depth to between 18 and 20 feet, which was less than the draft of comparable import and export harbors in the United States and Europe.
The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers considered the construction of a channel to the east of the Mississippi River but instead accepted an alternative proposed by James Buchanan Eads. Eads proposed the construction of parallel jetties that would concentrate the flow of the river thereby scouring the bottom and maintaining deeper depths. Construction began in 1875 and was completed by 1879. As a result of the newly established jetties, river depth was maintained at 30 feet, thereby reducing the problem of shoaling.
Competing with Eads jetty concept was the idea of a human-made ship channel as proposed by Capt. John Cowdon. In May 1876, the Daily Picayune reported on Eads construction progress in detail but also reported about Capt. Cowdon's plans for an alternate project to construct a ship channel along the Barataria that they prepared for the Atlantic and Mississippi Valley Canal and Improvement Company.
The following year, in 1877, Capt. Cowdon presented their plan to The Property Holders Association of New Orleans in an address, "The Barataria Ship Canal and its Importance to the Valley of the Mississippi". Capt. Cowdon expressed doubt as to the success of Eads jetties, which were still under construction, and pressed for the concept of a ship canal to be constructed independent of the river along Bayou Barataria. Capt. Cowdon cited cost estimates and freight statistics in support of their plan, which had already been explored by engineers who were in favor of the proposal. Cowdon believed that Eads' jetties was an experiment bringing only a temporary fix and thought the year-to-year costs of maintenance would prove that their permanent solution of a Barataria Ship Canal was superior.
In reaction to decades of competing and conflicting directions regarding flood-control and navigation, the U.S. Congress passed the Mississippi River Commission Act in 1879. The commission would have seven members, including three from the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE) and three from civilian life. The Mississippi River Commission (MRC) acted as an executive body reporting directly to the Secretary of War.
The success of Eads jetties following its completion temporarily quieted cries for a human-made ship channel, but Cowdon's project would not be forgotten.
Shallow draft projects
Two navigation projects were completed along the proposed Jefferson Seaway route that provided shallow-draft navigation.
The U.S. Federal Government passed the River and Harbors Act of 1919, which authorized the creation of a shallow-draft channel to be dredged from Lake Salvador at Bayou Villars to Barataria Pass at Grand Isle. The channel was authorized to be 5 feet deep by 50 feet wide and would combine existing canals and passages with newly dredged canals through marshland. The newly created Barataria Bay Waterway, which parallels Barataria Island and traverses through Barataria Bay, was 37 miles in length when completed in 1925. A portion of this waterway is referred to as Dupree Cut. This would represent the first instance of straightening and dredging along the route that was proposed for the Jefferson Seaway.
In the 1920s, plans for the Gulf Intracoastal Water Way (GIWW) were underway, which would provide a sheltered coastal route for shallow-draft vessels. In the vicinity of New Orleans, existing infrastructure was incorporated into the route. The western entrance into the Mississippi River would be via the Inner Harbor Navigation Canal and lock, completed in 1923. The eastern entrance would be via the Harvey Canal. Its original locks were replaced as part of the GIWW project and construction was completed in 1934. An alternate western entrance to the Mississippi River and route was added via the Algiers Canal and lock, completed in 1956, which merged with the existing GIWW route 6 miles from the Harvey locks.
Oil and gas exploration and production near and below Lafitte, initially by the Texas Company in 1935, prompted the need for greater depths for river barges to access the fields from the GIWW and Gulf of Mexico. Beginning in 1949, Jefferson Parish presented a plan for enlarging the Barataria Bay Waterway channel to 12 feet in depth by 125 feet in width. U.S. Congressman Hale Boggs backed a bill that provided federal funding for the project, which was authorized in the Rivers and Harbors Act of 1958. The deepening and widening of the Barataria Bay Waterway was completed in 1960, representing the second instance of widening and deepening the proposed route of the Jefferson Seaway.
Concept resurrection
In 1933, the Westwego Canal and Company, Inc. presented its "Prospectus of New Orleans Ship Canal, Inc.", a document signed by its president, William T. Nolan, and vice president, F. Rivers Richardson. The prospectus specifically resurrected Capt. Cowan's proposal from a half-century before and included a map titled "Location Chart - New Orleans Ship Canal Incorporated", showing a straight path for a ship channel between the Mississippi River at Westwego and Grand Isle. The prospectus referenced attached letters from John Devereaux O'Reilly, "builder of the Industrial Canal and locks," a reference to the IHNC. The prospectus acknowledged the success of Eads jetties but noted that commerce had since outgrown its limitations. Three potential routes were noted. The first referred to the MRC's idea to dredge a channel east from Pilot Town. The second was through the Industrial Canal and then through Lake Pontchartrain and Lake Borgne out into the Mississippi Sound, a concept that was a forerunner to the MR-GO. The third route was the focus of the Prospectus, which was the Westwego–Grand Isle route.
In May 1936, Louisiana Senator Jules G. Fisher of Jefferson Parish filed a resolution urging for the digging of a ship canal that would connect Grand Isle with the Intracoastal canal and the Westwego canal.
Competing federal deep draft projects
In 1943, two separate deep draft projects were presented by the Ship Channel Committee of the Jefferson Parish Police Jury and by the Dock Board of New Orleans to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.
The New Orleans proposed route, referred to as the "Alexander Seaway", was east of the Mississippi River, and named for Col. Lester F. Alexander, a marine contractor, member of the Dock Board and chairperson of the Tidewater Development Association, serving as one of the architects behind the New Orleans plan. The New Orleans route was an extension of previous plans for the Industrial Canal (IHNC), which included an eventual ship outlet into Lake Borne and the Mississippi sound.
Jefferson's proposed route, referred to as the "Arrow to the Americas", was west of the Mississippi River and essentially an evolution of Capt. James Cowdon's plans from 1874 as outlined in the New Orleans Ship Canal Prospectus issued 10 years prior.
The Jefferson Seaway was envisioned as a channel measuring either 500 feet or 600 feet in width, 40 feet in depth and 55 miles in length, compared to the 110-mile distance presented by the Mississippi River as measured from the entrance at the jetties. This route was shorter than the Alexander Seaway project, which measured 76 miles in length. A new four-lane toll highway was associated with the Jefferson Seaway project, which would parallel the full length of the new ship channel between Westwego and Grand Isle.
In order to connect to the Mississippi River, the Jefferson Seaway project required the construction of new navigable locks at Westwego. Locks at this location had previously been constructed ca. 1870 by the Texas and Pacific Railroad as part of the Company Canal, which connected Bayou Segnette to the Mississippi River. These locks were condemned and ultimately closed by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers in 1956, coinciding with the opening of the newly completed Algiers canal and locks.
Shipping and commerce in the Gulf of Mexico is influenced by the capacity of the nearby Panama Canal, which provides access to the Pacific Ocean. The original Panama Canal Locks, completed in 1914, were 110 feet wide and 1,050 feet long with 41.2 ft of draft above the sill. The locks proposed for the Jefferson Seaway project would have been 80 feet in width by 800 feet in length with 40 feet of draft over the sill. Though smaller, Jefferson's locks would have allowed for comparable ship drafts.
The Jefferson Seaway proposal claimed several advantages over the competing project, including a significantly shorter route, direct access to the oil and gas of the Texaco Company Lafitte Field, access to the Freeport Sulphur Grand Ecaille mines, being closer to Central and South America, and less expensive land appropriation costs.
Project selection
In considering the most viable option between the Jefferson Seaway and the Alexander Seaway, the USACE New Orleans District initially preferred the Jefferson project. However, upon its review of the District's findings, the USACE Vicksburg Division returned the report with recommendations to utilize the existing Inner Harbor Navigation Canal (IHNC) locks to connect the Alexander Seaway project to the Mississippi River. Completed in 1926, the IHNC locks measured 75 feet in width by 640 feet in length with 31 feet of draft over the sill, significantly smaller than both the Panama Canal Locks and the proposed Jefferson Seaway locks.
Without the need for new locks, the Alexander Seaway project, on paper, presented a more economical option despite its greater overall length and lesser lock capacity and was subsequently chosen. The Louisiana Legislature in 1944 empowered the governor to aid the federal government in completing the tidewater seaway proposed on the east side of the river. That same year, the USACE assumed operational control of the IHNC locks from the Dock Board of New Orleans.
Local Jefferson officials continued to pursue the proposed Jefferson Seaway although the Alexander Seaway appeared to be the optioned favored by the federal government.
In 1947 and 1948, prior to Congress taking up the measure, Jefferson Parish continued to proclaim that the Jefferson Seaway was the superior option. In its public plea, Jefferson Parish cited significant cost savings because of flawed estimates for the Alexander Seaway project. Another factor noted was that the proposed Algiers Canal and locks were an inferior option to the Westwego locks and Jefferson Seaway. If constructed, the Jefferson Seaway would preclude the construction of the Algiers Canal and locks, further offsetting the overall costs of the seaway.
Jefferson also called attention to the Dock Board's control of ownership of all riverfront property in Orleans Parish and, by extension, along the full length of Inner Harbor Navigation Canal. Therefore, the New Orleans option effectively supported the Dock Board's position as a monopoly property owner. In Jefferson Parish, property along the Mississippi River was privately owned.
All considered, Jefferson was convinced that its seaway presented the better choice.
Final authorization and end
In 1956, despite Jefferson's pleas, Congress arrived at a final selection and formally authorized the Alexander Seaway project, which assumed the name "Mississippi River-Gulf Outlet", in the River and Harbor Act bill approved on March 29, 1956 (Pub.L. 84–455), at an appropriated cost of US$88,000,000. Construction began in 1958 and was completed in 1968, allowing partial use by deep-draft vessels as early as 1963.
Though the federal government had obligated funding to the MR-GO, Jefferson continued to pursue its version of the seaway. In 1956, the Police Jury considered the sale of bonds that would locally finance the seaway project. 1958, the Jefferson Industrial Seaway Commission met with legal, fiscal and engineering experts in continuing its pursuit of its project, which at that point would have required the sale of local bonds to finance construction.
The promotion continued at least into the early 1960s, with continued support by Congressman Hale Boggs, who considered the Jefferson Seaway project to be a necessity even with the MR-GO becoming a reality.
Jefferson Parish touted the Jefferson Seaway project as late as 1961, envisioning an increase in demand for shipping spurred by the anticipated success of the Mississippi River Gulf Outlet. Moving forward, Jefferson Parish expected that its seaway would be driven and funded by private industry. However, construction of the Jefferson Seaway as a deep-draft channel never materialized, though the Barataria Bay Waterway continues its role as a federally authorized shallow-draft navigation channel.
After operating for 46 years, the MR-GO was eventually decommissioned and formally closed in July 2009.
See also
Mississippi River–Gulf Outlet Canal
Panama Canal expansion project
References
Canals in Louisiana
Proposed infrastructure in the United States
Nacarôa District is a district of Nampula Province in north-eastern Mozambique. The principal town is
Nacarôa.
Further reading
District profile (PDF)
Districts in Nampula Province
A courtier () is a person who attends at the royal court of a monarch or other royalty. The earliest historical examples of courtiers were part of the retinues of rulers. Historically the court was the centre of government as well as the official residence of the monarch, and the social and political life were often completely mixed together.
Background
Monarchs very often expected the more important nobles to spend much of the year in attendance on them at court. Not all courtiers were noble, as they included clergy, soldiers, clerks, secretaries, agents and middlemen with business at court. All those who held a court appointment could be called courtiers but not all courtiers held positions at court. Those personal favourites without business around the monarch, sometimes called the camarilla, were also considered courtiers. As social divisions became more rigid, a divide, barely present in Antiquity or the Middle Ages, opened between menial servants and other classes at court, although Alexandre Bontemps, the head valet de chambre of Louis XIV, was a late example of a "menial" who managed to establish their family in the nobility. The key commodities for a courtier were access and information, and a large court operated at many levels: many successful careers at court involved no direct contact with the monarch.
The largest and most famous European court was that of the Palace of Versailles at its peak, although the Forbidden City of Beijing was even larger and more isolated from national life. Very similar features marked the courts of all very large monarchies, including in India, Topkapı Palace in Istanbul, Ancient Rome, Byzantium or the Caliphs of Baghdad or Cairo. Early medieval European courts frequently travelled from place to place following the monarch as they travelled. This was particularly the case in the early French court. But, the European nobility generally had independent power and was less controlled by the monarch until around the 18th century, which gave European court life greater complexity.
History
The earliest courtiers coincide with the development of definable courts beyond the rudimentary entourages or retinues of rulers. There were probably courtiers in the courts of the Akkadian Empire where there is evidence of court appointments such as that of cup-bearer which was one of the earliest court appointments and remained a position at courts for thousands of years. Two of the earliest titles referring to the general concept of a courtier were likely the ša rēsi and mazzāz pāni of the Neo-Assyrian Empire. In Ancient Egypt a title has been found that translates to high flight attendant or great overseer of the house.
The courts influenced by the court of the Neo-Assyrian Empire such as those of the Median Empire and the Achaemenid Empire had numerous courtiers After invading the Achaemenid Empire, Alexander the Great returned with the concept of the complex court featuring a variety of courtiers to the Kingdom of Macedonia and Hellenistic Greece.
The imperial court of the Byzantine Empire at Constantinople would eventually contain at least a thousand courtiers. The court's systems became prevalent in other courts such as those in the Balkan states, the Ottoman Empire and Russia. Byzantinism is a term that was coined for this spread of the Byzantine system in the 19th century.
Examples
Anne Boleyn
Alessandro Cagliostro
John Dee
Robert Dudley, 1st Earl of Leicester
Anne Hungerford
Princess Marie Louise of Savoy
The Dukes of Luynes
Henri Coiffier de Ruzé, Marquis of Cinq-Mars
Louis de Rouvroy, duc de Saint-Simon
The Count of St. Germain
Cardinal de Rohan
Ja'far ibn Yahya
Madame de Pompadour
Petronius
Walter Raleigh
James Scudamore
Wei Zhongxian
Cardinal Richelieu
In modern English, the term is often used metaphorically for contemporary political favourites or hangers-on.
In literature
In modern literature, courtiers are often depicted as insincere, skilled at flattery and intrigue, ambitious and lacking regard for the national interest. More positive representations include the role played by members of the court in the development of politeness and the arts.
Examples of courtiers in fiction:
Rosencrantz and Guildenstern from William Shakespeare's Hamlet.
Sir Lancelot from Arthurian legend,
Gríma Wormtongue from J. R. R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings.
Count Hasimir Fenring and Gaius Helen Mohiam from Frank Herbert's Dune.
Petyr Baelish and Varys from George R. R. Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire.
Sir Nicholas de Mimsy-Porpington from J. K. Rowling's Harry Potter books.
See also
The Book of the Courtier, by Baldassare Castiglione
Camarilla
Courtesan
Éminence grise
Royal mistress
Sycophant
Courtly love
References
Court titles
Government occupations
Political professionals
The 1982 Barking and Dagenham Council election took place on 6 May 1982 to elect members of Barking and Dagenham London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Labour party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
124 candidates nominated in total. Labour again ran a full slate and was the only party to do so. By contrast the Conservative Party ran only 34 candidates and the SDP-Liberal Alliance 22.
Election result
Labour continued to win a large majority of seats - 37 out of 48. The Conservatives and the Residents Association each held their three seats. The SDP–Liberal Alliance won three seats and two Independents were also elected. Thus the new council included four parties for the first time since its formation in 1964.
Ward results
Abbey
Alibon
Cambell
Chadwell Heath
Eastbrook
Eastbury
Fanshawe
Gascoigne
Goresbrook
Heath
Longbridge
Manor
Marks Gate
Parsloes
River
Thames
Triptons
Valence
Village
By-elections between 1982 and 1986
Manor
The by-election was called following the death of Cllr. Albert E. Ball.
Chadwell Heath
The by-election was called following the resignation of Cllr. William Hibble.
Longbridge
The by-election was called following the resignation of Cllr. Edward J. Reed.
References
1982
1982 London Borough council elections
May 1982 events in the United Kingdom
2312 is a hard science fiction novel by American writer Kim Stanley Robinson, published in 2012. It is set in the year 2312 when society has spread out across the Solar System. The novel won the 2013 Nebula Award for Best Novel.
Plot summary
The novel is set in the year 2312, in the great city of Terminator on Mercury, which is built on gigantic tracks in order to constantly stay in the planet's habitable zone near the terminator. Swan Er Hong, an artist and former asteroid terrarium designer, is grieving over the sudden death of their step-grandmother, Alex, who was very influential among the inhabitants of Terminator. After the funeral procession, a conference is held among the family and the close friends of Alex, some of whom Swan has never heard of. This includes Fitz Wahram, a native of the moon Titan, whom Swan dislikes. Following the conference, Swan decides to head out to Io to visit another friend of Alex's, called Wang, who has designed one of the largest qubes, or quantum computers. While Swan is visiting Wang on Io, an apparent attack of some sort fails. An attack on Terminator shortly follows; a meteorite of artificial origin destroys the city's tracks, stopping the city and exposing it to sun, essentially cooking it. As Swan travels, they learn more of the mystery surrounding their grandmother's death and the destruction of their home-city of Terminator. With Wahram and Genette, Swan travels throughout the solar system and investigates an escalating series of conspiracies.
Inspector Genette eventually discovers how the artificial meteorite that destroyed Terminator was created: someone launched a large number of smaller objects on trajectories that would eventually cause them to coalesce above Mercury, but low enough that the planet's defense system could not destroy the now large object in time. The complexity of the attack leads them to determine that quantum computers must have been used.
Meanwhile, Swan and Wahram become involved in restoring and re-wilding the climate-change-ravaged Earth by returning thousands of species from space-based temporary environments to their home environments on the Earth.
Characters
Swan Er Hong. An artist and former asteroid terrarium designer
Fitz Wahram. Diplomat from the moon Titan
Jean Genette. A "small" who was a close friend to Alex
Alex. Influential and deceased scientist and diplomat. Swan's grandmother
Mqaret. A scientist and Alex's partner
Kiran. A young Earth boy who saves Swan from some trouble in their slum-like home town. In thanks, Swan gives them a job off-planet.
Science and technology
In the world of the novel, the planets Mercury, Venus, and Mars are inhabited by humans, as are the moons of Saturn and Jupiter. Humans have a presence or are building a presence on all the inhabitable surfaces within the solar system (including moons and satellites). Almost all of the Solar System's largest asteroids have been hollowed out to form "terrariums", which include interior artificial environment designed to mimic various biomes found on earth or combinations of different biomes. Some of these serve as animal reserves or farms for endangered or underproduced flora and fauna. Humans take shuttles to these asteroids and use them as transportation around the system. Some of these terraria fail, such as one where a mistake in programming led to the near-destruction of the asteroid, and another where a small crack in the terrarium's ice wall destroyed most of its population.
In the novel, scientific and technological advances, such as human enhancement, settlements on other planets, and terraforming, have opened gateways to an extraordinary future. One major innovation are the qubes, which are quantum computers possessing artificial intelligence, often small enough that the wearer can have one implanted into their head or attached to their person, like one might wear a watch or carry a phone. Digital, as opposed to quantum, AI is still in use but is being supplanted by the smaller and much more powerful qubes.
Capitalism has been replaced by a planned economy described as based on the mondragon concept controlled by the quantum computers, but on Earth there are still remnants of the market system.
Sex, sexuality, and gender
Gender and sexuality within this world is fluid and expansive, with the principal categories of gender and sexuality listed to include feminine, masculine, androgynous, ambisexual, bisexual, neuter, eunuch, nonsexual, undifferentiated, gay, lesbian, queer, invert, homosexual, polymorphous, poly, labile, berdache, hijra, and two-spirit.
Many people exhibit intersex or "gynandromorphous" sex characteristics, including both penises and vaginas.
Development
Terminator, a city that slowly drives around Mercury to stay out of direct line from the Sun, first appeared in Robinson's earlier novel The Memory of Whiteness, as well as appearing during a brief mention in their Mars Trilogy. Terminator is also briefly mentioned in Robinson's 2015 novel Aurora.
Reception
Critical reception for 2312 has been mixed to positive, with Strange Horizons saying that "readers must make up their own minds". Slate Magazine and the Guardian both reviewed 2312, with Slate praising the book as "brilliant" while the Guardian criticized the book's ending as "contrived". Writing for the Los Angeles Times, Jeff VanderMeer called the book a "treasured gift to fans of passionate storytelling", writing that the book's "audacity" was an asset.
The book won the 2013 Nebula Award for Best Novel, was nominated for the 2013 Hugo Award for Best Novel, was shortlisted for the 2012 BSFA Award for Best Novel and the 2013 Arthur C. Clarke Award, was honor listed for the 2012 James Tiptree, Jr. Award,. It was nominated for the 2012 Goodreads Choice Award for science fiction.
See also
References
2012 American novels
Novels by Kim Stanley Robinson
2012 science fiction novels
Novels set in the 24th century
American science fiction novels
Novels set on Mercury (planet)
Nebula Award for Best Novel-winning works
Novels about intersex
LGBT speculative fiction novels
American LGBT novels
2010s LGBT novels
Orbit Books books
The Cirque Olympique in Paris, also known as the Cirque Franconi, was an equestrian theatre company, founded in 1782 by Philip Astley, the English inventor of the modern circus ring, and was initially known as the Cirque d'Astley or the Cirque Anglais.
Amphithéâtre Anglais
Astley's theatre, the Amphithéâtre Anglais or Amphithéâtre d'Astley, was the first purpose-built circus building in France. It was located on a large site in the rue du Faubourg du Temple and was a round theatre constructed in wood, with two seating levels and lit by 2,000 candles. The theatre was open four months out of the year and featured equestrian performances interspersed with juggling and other acts.
Cirque Franconi
Astley leased their Parisian circus to Antonio Franconi in 1793, during the French Revolution. Because of the small size of Astley's theatre, Franconi moved the circus to the enclosure of the former Convent of the Capucines, where they constructed stables and a new theatre.
Cirque Olympique
In 1807 Franconi ceded their enterprise to their two sons, Laurent and Henri, who renamed it the Cirque Olympique. With the construction of the rue Napoléon that same year, they were obliged to move again, to a new theatre between the rue du Mont-Thabor and the rue Saint-Honoré. It was leased to them by Francois Delpont and opened on 28 December 1807. The Franconi brothers were forced to close this theatre on 27 May 1816, due to the planned construction of the public treasury at this location.
Return to Astley's theatre
The two brothers decided to return to Astley's old theatre on the rue du Faubourg du Temple, making extensive additions and alterations to the theatre and its site and renaming it the Cirque Olympique. They inaugurated the new theatre on 8 February 1817. On the night of 15 March 1826, after a performance of the one-act melodrama L'incendie de Salins, featuring a grand spectacle recreating the dramatic fire at Salins-les-Bains of 27 July 1825, the pyrotechnical effects sparked a genuine fire that burned the theatre to the ground.
Cirque Olympique on the Boulevard du Temple
After the fire which destroyed the Cirque Olympique on the rue Faubourg du Temple,
the brothers Franconi moved again, this time to the boulevard du Temple, where they built yet another theatre, also known as the Cirque Olympique. The new theatre, built to the designs of the French architect Alexandre Bourla, was inaugurated on 21 March 1827. It was remodeled in 1847 by the architect for the use of the Opéra-National, which occupied it from 18 June 1844 to 1847. Thereafter it was known as the Théâtre National until 4 July 1853, when it became the Théâtre du Cirque Impérial. The theatre was demolished in 1862 for an urban renewal project, and the director at that time, Hippolyte Hostein, moved the circus to the Théâtre du Châtelet.
References
Notes
Sources
Almanach du voyageur à Paris et dans les lieux les plus remarquables du royaume. Paris: Hardouin, 1787. Pg 219. Early description of the theatre- available online at the BNF
Architectonographie des théâtres de Paris, ou Parallèle historique et critique de ces édifices considérés sous le rapport de l'architecture et de la décoration. Paris : impr. de P. Didot l'aîné: Orgiazzi, 1821. pp 223–226. Extensive description of the theatre and later alterations- available online at the BNF
Tristan Remy. Les Clowns. Paris: Grasset, 2002.
Wild, Nicole (1989). Dictionnaire des théâtres parisiens au XIXe siècle: les théâtres et la musique. Paris: Aux Amateurs de livres. . (paperback). View formats and editions at WorldCat.
Charles Hervey. The Theatres of Paris
Galignani's New Guide of Paris
External links
Circus history timeline from Miami University
Circuses in Paris
18th century in Paris
Former buildings and structures in Paris
19th century in Paris
Theatres completed in 1782
Buildings and structures demolished in 1826
Defunct entertainment venues
Burned buildings and structures in France
Event venues established in 1782
1782 establishments in France
1826 disestablishments in France
Demolished buildings and structures in Paris
Microcystaceae is family of cyanobacteria which contains the harmful algal bloom Microcystis aeruginosa.
Characteristics
The family is characterized by single, floating cells or colonies which are embedded to a matrix. There is also a lack of differentiation between apical and basal structures.
References
Chroococcales
Cyanobacteria families
Sulphur Peak is a summit in the south end of the Pavant Range in Millard County, Utah. It reaches an elevation of
References
External links
Mountains of Millard County, Utah
Mountains of Utah
The third season of the Croatian reality television show The Voice Hrvatska premiered on 7 December 2019, on HRT. Ivan Dečak returned as coach for their third season. New coaches Davor Gobac, Massimo Savić and Vanna joined the coaching panel, replacing Tony Cetinski, Jacques Houdek and Indira Levak, respectively.
Teams
Color key
Blind auditions
The Block button, which appeared in the US version of the franchise, was applied this season. Each coach had one block to prevent another coach from getting an artist.
Color key
Episode 1 (7 December)
Episode 2 (14 December)
Episode 3 (21 December)
Episode 4 (28 December)
Episode 5 (4 January)
The Knockouts
Color key:
Knockouts 1 (11 January)
Knockouts 2 (18 January)
Knockouts 3 (25 January)
Additional Battle Round
The Battles
Color key:
Live shows
Color key:
Week 1: Live Playoffs (9 February)
Week 2: Semifinal (15 February)
Week 3: Final (22 February)
References
External links
The Voice (franchise)
2019 Croatian television seasons
2020 Croatian television seasons
The Single-Chip Cloud Computer (SCC) is a computer processor (CPU) created by Intel Corporation in 2009 that has 48 distinct physical cores that communicate through architecture similar to that of a cloud computer data center. Cores are a part of the processor that carry out instructions of code that allow the computer to run. The SCC was a product of a project started by Intel to research multi-core processors and parallel processing (doing multiple calculations at once). Additionally Intel wanted to experiment with incorporating the designs and architecture of huge cloud computer data centers (Cloud computing) into a single processing chip. They took the aspect of cloud computing in which there are many remote servers that communicate with each other and applied it to a microprocessor. It was a new concept that Intel wanted to experiment with. The name "Single-chip Cloud Computer" originated from this concept.
Uses
The SCC is currently still being used for research purposes. It currently can run the GNU operating system on the chip, but cannot boot Windows. Some applications of the SCC are web servers, data informatics, bioinformatics, and financial analytics.
Technical details
Intel developed this new chip architecture based on huge cloud data centers, the cores are separated across the chip but are able to directly communicate with each other. The chip contains 48 P54C Pentium cores connected with a 4×6 2D-mesh. This mesh is a group of 24 tiles set up in four rows and six columns. Each tile contained two cores and a 16 KB (8 per core) message passing buffer (MPB) shared by the two cores, essentially a router. This router allows each core to communicate with each other. Previously cores had to send information back to the main memory and there it would be re-routed to other cores. The SCC contains 1.3 billion 45 nanometers (nm) long transistors that can amplify signals or act as a switch and turn core pairs on and off. These transistors use anywhere from 25 to 125 watts of power depending on the processing demand. For comparison the Intel i7 processor uses 156 watts of power. Four DDR3 memory controllers are on each chip, connected to the 2D-mesh as well. These controllers are capable of addressing 64 GB of random-access memory. The DDR3 memory is used to help each tile communicate with the others, without them the chip would not be functional. These controllers also work with the transistors to control when certain tiles are turned on and off to save power when not in use. When proper coding is implemented all of these pieces are put together you get a functional processor that is fast, powerful, and energy efficient with a framework resembling a network of cloud computers.
Modes of operation
The SCC comes with RCCE, a simple message passing interface provided by Intel that supports basic message buffering operations. The SCC has two modes that it can operate under, processor mode and mesh mode:
Processor mode
In processor mode cores are on and executing code from the system memory and programmed I/O (inputs and outputs) through the system which is connected to the system board FPGA. Loading memory and configuring the processor for bootstrapping (sustaining after the initial load) is currently done by software running on the SCC's management console that's embedded in the chip.
Mesh mode
Cores are turned off. Only the routers, transistors and RAM controllers are on and they are sending and receiving large packets of data. Additionally there is no memory map.
The future
Intel plans to share this technology with other companies such as HP, Yahoo, and Microsoft to have multiple companies researching the SCC to more efficiently and quickly advance the technology. They hope to make the SCC scalable to 100+ cores. One way they hope to achieve this is by having each chip be able to communicate with another chip, and they could put two chips together to get double the cores. They hope to improve the parallel programming productivity and power management to take advantage of the chip's architecture and large number of cores. Additionally they plan to experiment more with this architecture and similar chip architectures to develop a many-core scalable processors that maximizes the processing power of the cores while being power efficient.
See also
Intel MIC
Intel Tera-Scale
Teraflops Research Chip
References
Cloud computing
Intel
Intel microprocessors
Manycore processors
Parallel computing
In mathematics, a Hardy field is a field consisting of germs of real-valued functions at infinity that is closed under differentiation. They are named after the English mathematician G. H. Hardy.
Definition
Initially at least, Hardy fields were defined in terms of germs of real functions at infinity. Specifically we consider a collection H of functions that are defined for all large real numbers, that is functions f that map (u,∞) to the real numbers R, forsome real number u depending on f. Here and in the rest of the article we say a function has a property "eventually" if it has the property for all sufficiently large x, so for example we say a function f in H is eventually zero if there is some real number U such that f(x) = 0 for all x ≥ U. We can form an equivalence relation on H by saying f is equivalent to g if and only if f − g is eventually zero. The equivalence classes of this relation are called germs at infinity.
If H forms a field under the usual addition and multiplication of functions then so will H modulo this equivalence relation under the induced addition and multiplication operations. Moreover, if every function in H is eventually differentiable and the derivative of any function in H is also in H then H modulo the above equivalence relation is called a Hardy field.
Elements of a Hardy field are thus equivalence classes and should be denoted, say, [f]∞ to denote the class of functions that are eventually equal to the representative function f. However, in practice the elements are normally just denoted by the representatives themselves, so instead of [f]∞ one would just write f.
Examples
If F is a subfield of R then we can consider it as a Hardy field by considering the elements of F as constant functions, that is by considering the number α in F as the constant function fα that maps every x in R to α. This is a field since F is, and since the derivative of every function in this field is 0 which must be in F it is a Hardy field.
A less trivial example of a Hardy field is the field of rational functions on R, denoted R(x). This is the set of functions of the form P(x)/Q(x) where P and Q are polynomials with real coefficients. Since the polynomial Q can have only finitely many zeros by the fundamental theorem of algebra, such a rational function will be defined for all sufficiently large x, specifically for all x larger than the largest real root of Q. Adding and multiplying rational functions gives more rational functions, and the quotient rule shows that the derivative of rational function is again a rational function, so R(x) forms a Hardy field.
Another example is the field of functions that can be expressed using the standard arithmetic operations, exponents, and logarithms, and are well-defined on some interval of the form . Such functions are sometimes called Hardy L-functions. Much bigger Hardy fields (that contain Hardy L-functions as a subfield) can be defined using transseries.
Properties
Every element of a Hardy field is eventually either strictly positive, strictly negative, or zero. This follows fairly immediately from the facts that the elements in a Hardy field are eventually differentiable and hence continuous and eventually either have a multiplicative inverse or are zero. This means periodic functions such as the sine and cosine functions cannot exist in Hardy fields.
This avoidance of periodic functions also means that every element in a Hardy field has a (possibly infinite) limit at infinity, so if f is an element of H, then
exists in R ∪ {−∞,+∞}.
It also means we can place an ordering on H by saying f < g if g − f is eventually strictly positive. Note that this is not the same as stating that f < g if the limit of f is less than the limit of g. For example, if we consider the germs of the identity function f(x) = x and the exponential function g(x) = ex then since g(x) − f(x) > 0 for all x we have that g > f. But they both tend to infinity. In this sense the ordering tells us how quickly all the unbounded functions diverge to infinity.
In model theory
The modern theory of Hardy fields doesn't restrict to real functions but to those defined in certain structures expanding real closed fields. Indeed, if R is an o-minimal expansion of a field, then the set of unary definable functions in R that are defined for all sufficiently large elements forms a Hardy field denoted H(R). The properties of Hardy fields in the real setting still hold in this more general setting.
References
Asymptotic analysis
Model theory
Field (mathematics)
Algebraic structures
Oakland Drive Campus is a campus of Western Michigan University. It is the university's newest land acquisition. The campus, acquired in 1998, was originally state property used by the Kalamazoo Regional Psychiatric Hospital. The hospital is still leased to the state and remains in operation, although in a more limited role. Geographically, it is generally located between West Campus and East Campus, allowing for a natural accessibility. A focal point of the area is the Kalamazoo Regional Psychiatric Hospital Water Tower. Completed in 1895, this tall gothic-style construction can be seen from many areas on campus and in town. The new Oakland Drive Campus buildings are located on Oakland Drive, north of the hospital and water tower.
The Oakland Drive Campus is home to the university's College of Health and Human Services. The college's new $48.2 million facility opened in 2005, with a total building space of . An interesting design feature is the "winter garden", a 3-level open atrium and commons area with floor to ceiling transparent windows. This feature has become popular in northern climates, as featured in the renovated Renaissance Center in Detroit and the Chrysler Headquarters in Auburn Hills, Michigan.
The Oakland Drive Campus is also home to the WMU Army ROTC program. This program was recently named the best large program and the best program overall in the 9th Brigade. The 9th Brigade covers all Army Reserve Officer Training Corps programs in Michigan, Indiana, Wisconsin and the northern part of Illinois. WMU Army ROTC was also selected by the United States Army Cadet Command as the winner of the Order of the Founders and Patriots of America award for the Western ROTC Region. This award is only one of three awarded nationwide.
Opened in October 2013, the Charles C. and Lynn L. Zhang Legacy Collections Center houses the Western Michigan University Archives and Regional History Collections. Collections consist of historical University, regional, and local governmental records. The holdings total over 28,000 cubic feet, making the WMU Archives the largest facility of its type in southwestern Michigan and one of the largest in the state.
References
Western Michigan University
Buildings and structures in Kalamazoo, Michigan
The men's K-2 1000 metres event was a pairs kayaking event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1996 Summer Olympics program.
Medalists
Results
Heats
24 crews entered in three heats. The top three finishers from each of the heats advanced directly to the semifinals while the remaining teams were relegated to the repechages.
Repechages
The top four crews in each of the two repechages and the fastest fifth-place finisher advanced to the semifinals.
Semifinals
The top four finishers in each of the two semifinals and the fastest fifth-place finisher advanced to the final.
Final
The final was held on August 3.
Germany led the first half of the race, but could not match the finishing power of the Italians. Scarpa, competing in their fourth Olympics, won a silver in the men's K-2 500 m event the following day.
References
1996 Summer Olympics official report Volume 3. pp. 170–1.
Sports-reference.com 1996 K-2 1000 m results.
Wallechinsky, David and Jaime Loucky (2008). "Canoeing: Men's Kayak Pairs 1000 Meters". In The Complete Book of the Olympics: 2008 Edition. London: Aurum Press, Limited. p. 476.
Men's K-2 1000
Men's events at the 1996 Summer Olympics
The SCV-70 White Base (ホワイトベース Howaito Bēsu), also nicknamed Trojan Horse (木馬 Mokuba), is a fictional spaceship from the Japanese science fiction anime series Mobile Suit Gundam. It serves as the mothership of the protagonist Earth Federation crew members and the famous RX-78-2 Gundam mobile suit. Various spin-offs are designed after it, including a whole class of ships called the Pegasus-class assault carrier, and it has inspired ships in the sequels like the Argama-class in Mobile Suit Zeta Gundam and Archangel-class in Mobile Suit Gundam SEED.
Other non-Gundam spaceships, such as the transformed mode of Fortress Maximus from the Transformers series, are possibly also inspired by White Bases design.
Development
The White Base is designed with a 3 plane view method by Kunio Okawara, however it was not specially designed for the anime series Gundam, it originated as a salvaged design from the anime Invincible Steel Man Daitarn 3. The idea of having a space carrier from the director Yoshiyuki Tomino was partly inspired by the earlier science fiction anime Space Battleship Yamato, which they claimed to be a fan of. It was intended to be in a more realistic black colour, but was changed to white by the order of Sunrise, similar to the colour change of the main mecha Gundam from grey to white, red, blue and yellow. Tomino showed great disgust in the colour change, also noticing the unrealistic non-aerodynamic design of it after the show was on air, said in an interview that such a design would never appear in the real world, since it would be a sitting duck from fighter aircraft. Tomino still held a grudge 10 years after the show aired and stated in an interview in Newtype 1989 April issue that the imaginary enemies of Gundam are Sunrise, sponsors and television stations. This ship also appeared in the Kodansha Pocket Encyclopedia series, listed as spacecraft carrier (Uchuu Kubou, 宇宙空母). The Zukai Uchusen magazine listed it the 6th most recognisable fictional spaceship (and 3rd in anime) after the Imperial Star Destroyer, Millennium Falcon, Enterprise, SDF-1 Macross, and Yamato, and the ship that made the Pegasus-class of ships famous.
Special onboard systems
As summarised for general readers, Chapter 4 of Zukai Uchusen, which is the chapter dedicated for famous fictional crafts, stated the White Base utilises Minovsky Physics to support a semi-anti gravity system called Minovsky Craft to fly in the atmosphere, which it ejects Minovsky particles to create a kind of hovering effect.
Fictional history
At the outbreak of the One Year War, the Dreadnought-oriented Earth Federation was caught completely by surprise when the Principality of Zeon deployed the agile mobile suits against their fleets. The Federation military quickly realised that they would also need mobile suits if they were to have any chance of victory, and instituted the famed Project V in order to develop a mass-production mobile suit design. The Federation also realised that their existing line of space warships — mostly the cannon-heavy Magellan-class battleships, Salamis-class cruisers, and the unarmed Columbus-class transporters — are severely lacking in mobile suit transport and support capacity, and thus desperately in need of designs capable of mobile warfare. A new revolutionary warship class exclusively designed for MS combat and support was born — the Pegasus-class assault carrier'''. One of the first Pegasus-class ships to enter active service was the White Base.
Launched in September UC 0079, White Base was immediately sent to retrieve the Federation's new mobile suit prototypes from Side 7's secret research facility for field-testing. In the middle of this mission, they unexpectedly found themselves tailed by a Zeon special combat unit led by Char Aznable. When the Zeon forces launched their surprise attack on the colony, heavy casualties were inflicted among both the colony's civilian population and White Base's regular personnel. In the middle of the battle, civilian teenager Amuro Ray activated the RX-78-2 Gundam unit in sheer desperation and repulsed the Zeon attack, destroying two Zakus in the process. The surviving crew and the civilian refugees then boarded White Base and went on a long journey plagued by Zeon hostilities.White Base first landed at Luna II, home of the remaining Earth Federation Space Force fleet, where they were promptly seized by the base commander, who proceeded to interrogate the crew, militia and civilian survivors on board. In the middle of this interrogation, Char, searching for White Base, led an infiltration attack on Luna II by mining the port entrance. White Base managed to escape from Luna II, and sailed next for Earth under the command of a hastily promoted young captain named Bright Noa.
Upon making contact with the Federation forces under the command of General Johann Abraham Revil, White Base was forced to push west through Zeon-controlled territory in North America and was drawn into a battle in the ruins of Seattle, where they shot down a Zeon Gaw-class carrier containing Zeon prince Garma Zabi (who was manoeuvred into an ambush by Char). White Base then crossed the Pacific Ocean to rendezvous with Revil's forces that were assembling for a major operation in Eastern Europe. Along the trek through Central Asia, they were hunted by another Zeon special forces unit under the command of Ramba Ral. Eventually regrouping with the Federation forces, White Base participated in Operation Odessa, the bloodiest Earth battle of the entire One Year War, helping to obliterate the main foothold of the Zeon invasion forces on Earth. They then restocked and refueled in Belfast before traveling across the Atlantic Ocean.
After the long route around the world, White Base finally arrived and docked at Jaburo, the Federation's main base and mobile suit manufacturing facility located underground in South America. Unfortunately, they ended up leading Char's Mad Angler unit to Jaburo, at which point they attempted an infiltration, which was repelled.
Following the failed Zeon raid on Jaburo, White Base was re-designated the 13th Autonomous Mobile Squadron, and re-launched into space to Side 6 in a diversionary move aimed at drawing off Zeon forces from Solomon. This mission would solidify their fame as Zeon's worst nightmare, as this single ship managed to surprise everyone by repeatedly knocking out heavyweight Zeon fleet commanders. Additionally, the unrivaled performance of Amuro Ray (including the widely televised Side 6 battle where they single-handedly shot down 9 Rick Doms within merely 3 minutes) earned the ship crew the nickname "Newtype Corps". With much of Zeon's attention being fixed on hunting down the "Trojan Horse", the Federation gained crucial strategic time to complete the deployment of its new Vinson Plan space armada, together with their new mass-produced RGM-79 GM. After destroying the Conscon Fleet, White Base rendezvoused with the remaining ships in the Earth Federation Space Force, and participated in the Battles of Solomon and A Baoa Qu.
During the pitched battle at A Baoa Qu, the Zeon supreme leader Gihren Zabi unleashed the Solar Ray, a gigantic colony laser superweapon, which wiped out a third of the Federation fleet and killed General Revil. White Base became a rally point for the surviving ships from Revil's fleet, and spearheaded the assault against A Baoa Qu's 5 defensive lines. During the battle, they sustained critical damage and was forced to crash-land into a spaceport of the asteroid stronghold, and immediately became a hotspot for hostile assaults. The grounded White Base'' was eventually destroyed from intense enemy attacks, although their entire surviving crew evacuated in time.
See also
Minovsky Physics
One Year War
Universal Century
References
Further reading
The Science of Anime: Mecha-Noids and AI-Super-Bots
Gundam: The Origin
Mobile Suit Gundam: Awakening, Escalation, Confrontation
Anime Essentials: Every Thing a Fan Needs to Know
External links
MAHQ
Gundam anime and manga
Fictional spacecraft
Joseph Peter Tucker (born 14 September 1979) played two first-class cricket matches for Somerset in 2000 and 2001. A right-arm medium-fast bowler, they only took one wicket in first-class cricket, that of Brian Lara, before a back injury forced them out of the game.
Life and career
Joseph Tucker was born in Bath on 14 September 1979. They made their first appearance for Somerset's second team at the age of 15, in a heavy defeat against Kent. They represented England Under-17s in the 1997 International Youth Tournament, taking seven wickets, and two years later toured New Zealand with the England Under-19 cricket team. During the tour, they played all three Test matches, taking 10 wickets at an average of 17.10. Tucker made their debut in first-class cricket in 2000, appearing for Somerset against the touring West Indians. During that match, they took the wicket of Brian Lara, their only wicket in first-class cricket. The following season, they made their second, and final, first-class appearance, playing against Lancashire in the County Championship. They continued to appear for Somerset's second team until 2004, although their playing contract was cancelled at the end of the 2002 season due to a recurring back injury.
References
1979 births
Living people
English cricketers
Somerset cricketers
Northern Oblast (, Severnaya oblast) was an oblast (a first-level administrative and municipal unit) of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic from 1936 to 1937. Its seat was in the city of Arkhangelsk. The oblast was located in the north of European Russia and its territory is currently divided between Arkhangelsk, Vologda, Kostroma and Kirov oblasts and the Nenets Autonomous Okrug.
Before 1936, the area occupied by Northern Oblast was part of Northern Krai, a vast administrative unit comprising the north of Russia. The 1936 Soviet Constitution abolished Northern Krai and divided its territory between the Komi Republic and the new Northern Oblast. Northern Oblast included 54 districts, three of which were in the Nenets Autonomous Okrug. In 1937, the Oblast was split into Arkhangelsk and Vologda Oblasts. In 1941, three of its districtsLalsky, Oparinsky and Podosinovskywere transferred from Arkhangelsk Oblast to Kirov Oblast. Pavinsky and Vokhomsky District became a part of Kostroma Oblast.
By the 1937 All-Union Census, the population of Northern Oblast was 2,262,255 persons.
Districts
The following districts were established in Northern Oblast (their administrative centers are given in parentheses):
Bereznikovsky District (Bereznik);
Biryakovsky District (Biryakovskoye);
Cherevkovsky District (Cherevkovo);
Chyobsarsky District (Chyobsara);
Gryazovetsky District (Gryazovets);
Kargopolsky District (Kargopol);
Karpogorsky District (Karpogory);
Kharovsky District (Kharovsk);
Kholmogorsky District (Kholmogory);
Kichmengsko-Gorodetsky District (Kichmengsky Gorodok);
Konoshsky District (Konosha);
Kotlassky District (Kotlas);
Krasnoborsky District (Krasnoborsk);
Kubeno-Ozersky District (Kubenskoye);
Lalsky District (Lalsk);
Ledengsky District (Ledengskoye);
Lensky District (Yarensk);
Leshukonsky District (Leshukonskoye);
Lezhsky District (Sidorovo);
Mezensky (Mezen);
Mezhdurechensky District (Shuyskoye);
Nikolsky District (Nikolsk);
Nyuksensky District (Nyuksenitsa);
Nyandomsky District (Nyandoma);
Onezhsky District (Onega);
Oparinsky District (Oparino);
Pavinsky District (Pavino);
Pinezhsky District (Pinega);
Plesetsky District (Plesetsk);
Podosinovsky District (Podosinovets);
Primorsky District (Arkhangelsk);
Priozyorny District (Konyovo);
Rovdinsky District (Rovdino);
Roslyatinsky District (Roslyatino);
Shenkursky District (Shenkursk);
Sokolsky District (Sokol);
Syamzhensky District (Yarygino);
Tarnogsky District (Tarnogsky Gorodok);
Totemsky District (Totma);
Ust-Alekseevsky District (Ust-Alekseevo);
Ust-Kubinsky District (Ustye);
Ustyansky District (Shangaly);
Velikoustyugsky District (Veliky Ustyug);
Velsky (Velsk);
Verkhnetoyemsky District (Verkhnyaya Toyma);
Verkhovazhsky District (Verkhovazhye);
Vilegodsky District (Ilyinsko-Podomskoye);
Vokhomsky District (Vokhma);
Vozhegodsky District (Vozhega);
Yemetsky District (Yemetsk).
Three districts belonged to the Nenets National Okrug:
Bolshezemelsky District (Khoseda-Khard);
Kanino-Timansky District (Nizhnyaya Pyosha);
Nizhne-Pechorsky District (Oksino).
References
Oblasts of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic
1936 establishments in the Soviet Union
George Edward Eastham, OBE (born 23 September 1936) is an English former footballer.  They are known for playing for Newcastle United, Arsenal and Stoke City, as well as a member of England's 1966 World Cup-winning squad. However, they are also notable for their involvement in a 1963 court case which proved a landmark in improving players' freedom to move between clubs.
Eastham began their career with Northern Irish side Ards before moving back to England with Newcastle United in 1956. They became a fine inside forward for the "Magpies" but then shocked the club by demanding a move away which Newcastle rejected. Eastham took their case to the courts and won their case moving to Arsenal. Eastham spent six seasons at Highbury making 223 appearances scoring 41 goals for the "Gunners" before joining Stoke City in 1966. Their experience helped Stoke enjoy a successful spell in the early 1970s and Eastham scored the winning goal in the 1972 League Cup Final. They also spent time coaching in South Africa playing for Hellenic before returning to Stoke to become assistant manager to Tony Waddington. When Waddington resigned in March 1977 Eastham was appointed manager but was unable to prevent Stoke being relegated in 1976–77 and after failing to mount a promotion challenge the following season Eastham was sacked in January 1978. They then returned to coach in South Africa.
Playing career
Newcastle United
Eastham was part of a footballing family – their father, George Eastham Sr., was an England international who played for Bolton Wanderers and Blackpool, while their uncle Harry Eastham played for Liverpool and Accrington Stanley. In their youth they were a useful cricketer, playing in the same Blackpool CC team as their future fellow international, Jimmy Armfield.
Eastham junior first played for Northern Irish club Ards, where their father was player-manager, and the two played together on the pitch. A skilful midfielder/inside forward, they were signed by Newcastle United in 1956, and made their debut against Luton Town on 6 October 1956, in a match which finished 2–2. They spent four seasons with the Magpies and during their time there they won caps for the Football League and the England U23 side. They played 125 games for Newcastle, scoring 34 goals, their best finish during this time being eighth in 1959–60.
However, during their time at Newcastle United Eastham fell out with the club, with Eastham disputing whether the house the club had supplied them was habitable, the unsatisfactory secondary job that the club had arranged (as maximum wage rules at the time forbade clubs from paying the market rate) and their attempts to stop them playing for the England U23 team. With their contract due to expire soon, in 1959, Eastham refused to sign a new one and requested a transfer. However, Newcastle refused to let Eastham go. At the time, clubs operated a system known as retain-and-transfer, which meant that teams could keep a player's registration (thus preventing them from moving) while refusing to pay them if they had requested a transfer. As Eastham later recounted:
Unable to leave, Eastham went on strike at the end of the 1959–60 season, moving south to work for an old family friend, Ernie Clay (who later became chairperson of Fulham), selling cork in Guildford, Surrey, a venture which earned them more money than their Newcastle contract paid. Finally in October 1960 Newcastle relented and sold Eastham to Arsenal for £47,500. However, Eastham considered the point worth fighting for, and backed by the Professional Footballers' Association (who provided £15,000 to pay for Eastham's legal fees), they took the club to the High Court in 1963.
In the case, Eastham v. Newcastle United [1964] Ch. 413, Eastham argued that it was an unfair restraint of trade, and that Newcastle owed them £400 in unpaid wages and £650 in unpaid bonuses. The judge, Mr Justice Wilberforce, ruled partly in Eastham's favour, stating that the retain-and-transfer system was unreasonable, although they ruled that as Eastham had refused to play for Newcastle, that any payment of wages for the disputed period was at Newcastle's discretion. As a result, although Eastham did not gain personally, they succeeded in reforming the British transfer market. The "retain" element of retain-and-transfer was greatly reduced, providing fairer terms for players looking to re-sign for their clubs, and setting up a transfer tribunal for disputes.
Arsenal
Eastham made their Arsenal debut against Bolton Wanderers on 10 December 1960, and scored twice as Arsenal won 5–1. Later on that same season, they scored the equaliser against their former club Newcastle United at St James' Park, in a 3–3 draw, during which they were called "Judas" and pelted with apples. Throughout their six seasons at Arsenal, they were a regular for the side; though not a prolific goalscorer, Eastham was one of the most talented players of what was an average Arsenal side at the time; under George Swindin and Billy Wright, Arsenal never finished higher than 7th during their time there.
Eastham's time at Arsenal was often turbulent; as well as the court case against Newcastle United, they fell out with Arsenal after asking for a pay rise following the maximum wage's abolishment in 1961 (but eventually Arsenal relented and met their demands), and they asked for a transfer after being replaced by Joe Baker up front at the start of the 1962–63 season. However, Billy Wright sought a compromise and eventually restored Eastham to the side, behind Baker; Eastham's form returned, they came off the transfer list and in both 1963–64 and 1964–65 they scored ten goals, the most per season during their Arsenal career, which included two in a 4–4 draw in a memorable North London derby match against Tottenham Hotspur at Highbury in October 1963.
It was at Arsenal that Eastham's international career flourished; they joined the England squad for the 1962 FIFA World Cup as an uncapped player, but did not play in the tournament; their England debut finally came on 8 May 1963, against Brazil. Their final game for England came in a warmup game for the 1966 FIFA World Cup, against Denmark in Copenhagen on 3 July 1966, scoring in a 2–0 win. Eastham was also part of the squad for that tournament, but did not play a single minute of England's win in the tournament.
In the 1966 World Cup final only the 11 players on the pitch at the end of the 4–2 win over West Germany received medals. Following a Football Association led campaign to persuade FIFA to award medals to all the winners' squad members, Eastham was presented with their medal by Gordon Brown at a ceremony at 10 Downing Street on 10 June 2009.
Eastham continued to be a regular and served as Arsenal captain between 1963 and 1966, but Arsenal's declining form – finishing 14th in 1965–66 — led to Wright's dismissal in the summer of 1966. By now Eastham was nearly 30, and the new Arsenal management sought to dismantle Wright's side in favour of younger players. They joined Stoke City in August 1966, having scored 41 goals in 223 matches for the Gunners.
Stoke City
Eastham was purchased by Stoke City manager, Tony Waddington, for a fee of £35,000, prior to the start of the 1966–67 season. Eastham spent the next eight seasons at Stoke City, during which the club maintained their status in the First Division. They played in a side which combined home grown talent – such as the likes of Denis Smith, Eric Skeels and Mike Pejic — alongside the experience of veterans like Eastham and Peter Dobing. Stoke won the League Cup in 1971–72, with Eastham scoring the winning goal in the final against Chelsea, which finished 2–1. At the age of 35 years 161 days, they became the oldest player to receive a winner's medal. They were also a beaten FA Cup semi-finalist in successive seasons (1970–71 and 1971–72) — both times in replays and both times by their former club Arsenal. Eastham also represented Stoke at European level, playing in the 1972–73 UEFA Cup; the first time the club had competed at European level in its history. In the first round, Stoke played Kaiserslautern of Germany but lost 5–3 on aggregate over two legs and were knocked out of the competition in the process.
In February 1971, at the age of 34, Eastham took a break from playing to develop their coaching ability, with the view of going into management. They embarked on a trip to South Africa, playing on loan with Cape Town City before having a spell as player-manager of Hellenic, who had previously been managed by their father. Eastham returned to Stoke in October 1971, to continue their playing career.
Eastham made 194 league appearances for Stoke City in total, ten of them as a substitute, scoring four goals. Eastham retired from playing in 1974, having been appointed an OBE for services to football the previous year.
Managerial career
Eastham became Tony Waddington's assistant at Stoke, and succeeded Waddington as Stoke manager after the latter resigned in March 1977, becoming only the club's fourth manager since 1935. They took over a side depleted of their best players who had been sold off to pay for repair work at the Victoria Ground and in trouble, and their relegation from the First Division was confirmed while they were in charge, finishing 21st out of 22 in 1976–77 after a run of just one win in 13 games. Eastham lasted only ten months, leaving the club in January 1978, after failing to sustain a push for promotion from the Second Division.
Retirement
After leaving the Stoke job, they quit professional football completely, and emigrated to South Africa in 1978. They set up their own sportswear business as well as being a football coach for local black children (being a noted opponent of Apartheid).  They are also chairperson of the South African Arsenal Supporters' Club.
Career statistics
Club
International
Managerial statistics
Honours
Stoke City
Football League Cup: 1971–72
England
World Cup: 1966
Individual
United Soccer Association All-Star Team: 1967
PFA Merit Award 1976
Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE): 1973
References
External links
1936 births
Sportspeople from Blackpool
Living people
English footballers
England international footballers
England under-23 international footballers
Association football midfielders
Ards F.C. players
Newcastle United F.C. players
Arsenal F.C. players
Stoke City F.C. players
Cleveland Stokers players
Cape Town City F.C. (NFL) players
Hellenic F.C. players
English Football League players
English Football League representative players
1962 FIFA World Cup players
1966 FIFA World Cup players
FIFA World Cup-winning players
English football managers
Stoke City F.C. managers
English Football League managers
United Soccer Association players
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
People educated at Arnold School
English expatriate footballers
Expatriate soccer players in South Africa
English expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
National Football League (South Africa) players
Puerto Rico competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 to 18 September 2016.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Archery
Individual
Judo
Swimming
Men
Women
See also
Puerto Rico at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Puerto Rican sports
One Morning in May may refer to:
"One Morning in May" (folk song), traditional folk song
"One Morning in May" (1933 song), jazz standard by Hoagy Carmichael and Mitchell Parish
One Morning in May (album), 2001 jazz album by Bucky Pizzarelli
Donald R. Toussaint (May 21, 1927 – January 1986) was appointed by President Jimmy Carter as the United States ambassador to Sri Lanka and the Maldives, and served from 21 January 1980 to 7 January 1982.
They were born in Oakland, California and got their PhD from Stanford University. They joined the Foreign Service in 1956 and was posted in Indonesia, the United Nations, and Iran. They were Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for International Organization Affairs from 1976 to 1977 and deputy coordination of the U.N. Conference on Science and Technology from 1977 to 1978.
References
Public Papers of the President of the United States: Jimmy Carter, 1979-, by Frank Thompson
1927 births
1986 deaths
Ambassadors of the United States to Sri Lanka
Ambassadors of the United States to the Maldives
People from Oakland, California
Stanford University alumni
United States Foreign Service personnel
20th-century American diplomats
The 2019 Da Nang Tennis Open was a professional tennis tournament played on hard courts. It was the first edition of the tournament which was part of the 2019 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Da Nang, Vietnam between 6 and 12 January 2019.
Singles main draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of December 31, 2018.
Other entrants
The following players received entry into the singles main draw as wildcards:
Shinji Hazawa
Daniel Nguyen
Sonchat Ratiwatana
Trịnh Linh Giang
Stefan Vujic
The following players received entry into the singles main draw using their ITF World Tennis Ranking:
Riccardo Bonadio
Kim Cheong-eui
Jordi Samper Montaña
Yuta Shimizu
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Manish Sureshkumar
Kaito Uesugi
The following player received entry as a lucky loser:
Alafia Ayeni
Champions
Singles
Marcel Granollers def. Matteo Viola 6–2, 6–0.
Doubles
Hsieh Cheng-peng / Christopher Rungkat def. Leander Paes / Miguel Ángel Reyes-Varela 6–3, 2–6, [11–9].
References
Da Nang Tennis Open
2019 in Vietnamese sport
January 2019 sports events in Asia
Nirbhay is a 1996 Indian Hindi-language action thriller film directed by Vinod Dewan, starring Mithun Chakraborty, Sangeeta Bijlani, Sadashiv Amrapurkar, Kulbhushan Kharbanda, Anupam Kher, Paresh Rawal and Kiran Kumar. Infamous Mumbai bar girl, Tarannum Khan, may have a small role in this movie. This was before they shot to fame due to their involvement in cricket betting syndicates.
Plot
The movie revolves with a story of innocent young man who is entrapped and convicted in a murder case. After release from jail they know the truth and they take revenge on this person behind the plot.
Cast
Mithun Chakraborty
Sangeeta Bijlani
Sadashiv Amrapurkar
Kulbhushan Kharbanda
Anupam Kher
Paresh Rawal
Kiran Kumar
Tarannum Khan
Music
"O Babu Zara Dil De" - Udit Narayan, Sadhana Sargam
"Tujhe Dekh Ke" - Vinod Rathod, Sadhana Sargam
"Channa Mere Channa" - Suresh Wadkar, Sadhana Sargam
"Nirbhay Nirbhay Nirbhay" - Rafique Shaikh
"Maa Kya Karegi" - Suresh Wadkar, Sadhana Sargam, Vinod Rathod, Simi Mishra
"Kaiko Hairan Karta" - Suresh Wadkar, Kavita Krishnamurthy
References
External links
1996 films
1990s Hindi-language films
Mithun's Dream Factory films
Films shot in Ooty
Indian action thriller films
Dr. Norman Earl Zinberg (born 1922, Harrisburg, Pennsylvania - d. April 2, 1989, Cambridge, Massachusetts) was a psychoanalyst and psychiatrist whose research into addiction is seen as a great influence on current clinical models and greatly influenced the work of addiction treatment specialists such as Stanton Peele. They were a clinical professor of psychiatry at the Harvard Medical School and a psychiatrist at Cambridge Hospital. They also taught at Boston University and the Tufts School of Medicine. Zinberg earned their bachelor's and doctoral degrees from the University of Maryland.
Zinberg studied recreational heroin users over a ten-year period, and their book Drug, Set, and Setting: The Basis for Controlled Intoxicant Use explains with data and case histories why people's relation to drug use could change according to type of drug (including its method of ingestion), their mindset, and social setting. One of their early studies in the area concerned a number of American soldiers who became addicted to heroin during the Vietnam War as what Zinberg viewed as an attempt to "blot out" the intensity of their environment. Once back in the States, their usage "virtually ceased"; 88% of the soldiers did not become readdicted after returning stateside. Their work contradicted the idea that some people have "addictive personalities" while other do not.
Dr. Howard Shaffer, a colleague at Harvard and at Cambridge Hospital, said about Zinberg "He had a remarkable impact on our understanding that drug effects are not simply a consequence of biochemistry. They showed that an individual's expectations, their psychological set and their social milieu interact to produce the effects on behavior that we observe. Equally important, Norman Zinberg helped us explain why an addictive drug affects a person differently at different times and how it affects various people in different ways."
In addition to their addiction work, Zinberg was one of the first appointees to the National AIDS Commission.
Norman Zinberg collaborated on some studies and books with their wife Dorothy Zinberg.
References
External links
Norman Zinberg's lecture on YouTube.
1922 births
1989 deaths
People from Harrisburg, Pennsylvania
University System of Maryland alumni
American psychiatrists
American addiction physicians
20th-century American physicians
American psychoanalysts
Boston University faculty
Tufts University School of Medicine faculty
Gustavo Ernesto Huerta Araya (born 15 October 1957) is a Chilean former footballer and manager.  They are currently the head coach of Cobresal.
Managerial career
Before the 1998 FIFA World Cup, Huerta was the assistant of the Head Coach of Chile, Nelson Acosta. They managed Chile B in a friendly match against England B on February 10, 1998. Chile won by 2–1.
Personal life
Both their father, Gustavo Sr., and their younger brothers, Fernando and Carlos, were professional footballers. All of them played for Deportes Ovalle among other clubs. Also, their son Gustavo is a sport journalist who has worked for Televisión Nacional de Chile and ESPN Chile.
Honours
Player
Cobresal
Copa Chile: 1987
References
External links
1957 births
Living people
People from Ovalle
Chilean footballers
Chile international footballers
Chilean Primera División players
Primera B de Chile players
Deportes Ovalle footballers
Ferroviarios footballers
C.D. Antofagasta footballers
Cobresal footballers
Association football midfielders
Chilean football managers
Chilean Primera División managers
Primera B de Chile managers
Bolivian Primera División managers
Cobresal managers
Deportes La Serena managers
Chile national football team managers
Club Bolívar managers
Universidad de Chile managers
Cobreloa managers
Santiago Wanderers managers
Coquimbo Unido managers
Deportes Iquique managers
Deportes Antofagasta managers
Chilean expatriate sportspeople in Bolivia
Expatriate football managers in Bolivia
Sigi Renz (born 2 August 1938) is a former German racing cyclist. They won the German National Road Race in 1963.
References
External links
1938 births
Living people
German male cyclists
Cyclists from Munich
German cycling road race champions
Hoodoo is an unreleased studio album by John Fogerty. It was recorded in the late spring of 1976 and originally intended to be their third solo studio album.
History
After the John Fogerty solo album, Fogerty wasted no time in recording more material for a new album to be followed with a tour, which would be very low-key, with a small group of musicians. In April 1976, they released a new single, "You Got the Magic" backed with "Evil Thing", which peaked at number 87 on the Billboard Hot 100 and did not sell a great deal. Fogerty submitted Hoodoo to Asylum Records, which assigned it a catalogue number, 7E-1081. Shortly before shipment, however, Fogerty and Asylum's Joe Smith made a joint decision that the album did not merit release. After several unsuccessful attempts to improve the album's quality, Fogerty began a nine-year estrangement from the music industry. They have confirmed in interviews that they instructed Asylum to destroy the master tapes, but bootleg copies are widespread.
Track listing
All songs by J. C. Fogerty, except as noted
"You Got the Magic" – 3:43
"Between the Lines" – 3:40
"Leave My Woman Alone" (Ray Charles) – 3:09
"Marchin' to Blarney" – 3:18
"Hoodoo Man" – 2:55
"Telephone" – 2:55
"Evil Thing" – 3:40
"Henrietta" (James "Jimmy Dee" Fore, Larry Hitzfeld) – 2:58
"On the Run" – 3:32
References
Koers, Peter (1999). Rocking All Over the World, Germany, 1994. .
External links
John Fogerty official site
Albums produced by John Fogerty
John Fogerty albums
Unreleased albums
FTL Games (Faster Than Light) was the video game development division of Software Heaven Inc. FTL created several popular video games in the 1980s. Despite the company's small size, FTL products were consistently number-one sellers and received the highest critical acclaim and industry awards.
FTL was founded by Wayne Holder in 1982. Holder started Software Heaven and FTL as its game division after founding Oasis Systems, which specialized in spell checking software. They hired Bruce Webster, with whom they graduated from high school, to head FTL. After Webster left FTL in 1984, Doug Bell joined FTL and served as the Technical Director until FTL ceased operations in 1996.
The games
FTL released several games throughout its relatively short history. Most went on to become best sellers and some even set new standards for games of their genres.
SunDog
Holder and Webster co-designed FTL's first game, SunDog: Frozen Legacy, a space trading game. It was released first for the Apple II in March 1984. Webster did most of the programming for the Apple II version, but resigned from FTL after the release of version 2.0. Doug Bell, Andy Jaros and Michael Newton significantly enhanced the game's graphics when porting the game to the Atari ST, releasing it in late 1985. SunDog became the best selling game on the Atari ST during the system's first year, and garnered lavish critical acclaim.
The packaging cover art was designed and illustrated by David R. Darrow.
All of FTL's subsequent games contain at least one subtle reference to Sundog.
Oids
Oids, an arcade game, was one of FTL's minor releases. The original Atari ST version was created by Dan Hewitt who did both the graphics and all of the programming. It received little attention with a later conversion to the Apple Macintosh, but received 5 Stars on Macworld 1990. However the original Atari ST release received rave reviews in the UK, where it remains a cult favourite. Later, after FTL ceased operations, an updated authorized shareware version of Oids for the Macintosh was developed and released by Kirk Baker.
It was however eclipsed by the release of FTL's next game.
As with SunDog, the packaging cover art was designed and illustrated by David R. Darrow.
Dungeon Master
Dungeon Master is a fantasy role-playing game, the first to feature real-time gameplay. The game included a number of user interface features that made gameplay particularly enjoyable, from a spell system that seemed to be "logical" to the intuitive way the player used the mouse to directly manipulate items in the simulated 3D view. It was released on the ST in 1987 and went on to become the ST's best selling product of all time. It was eventually ported to over a dozen platforms in six languages.
It received too many awards to list here, including the first ever Special Award for Artistic Achievement from Computer Gaming World when it was initially released.
Darrow did the cover artwork for this game as well.
Chaos Strikes Back
A Dungeon Master sequel, Chaos Strikes Back, was released in 1989 for most platforms, but notably excluding a PC version. It uses the same engine as Dungeon Master but features new creatures and graphics.
Dungeon Master: Theron's Quest
Dungeon Master: Theron's Quest was a simplified Dungeon Master version with new dungeons from 1992 for TurboGrafx-16 and the PC Engine.
Dungeon Master II
Dungeon Master II: The Legend of Skullkeep was the best-selling game of the week when it was released in Japan in December 1993. For some reason, it took two years before it was released in the US and Europe in 1995 by Interplay Productions. While the game had been anxiously awaited by legions of Dungeon Master players, by 1995 it was considered too dated and sold poorly. FTL broke up about this time.
Dungeon Master Nexus
Dungeon Master Nexus was released 1998 for Sega Saturn and only the Japanese market under the FTL and Software Heaven brand. It was published and maybe also developed by Victor Interactive Software Inc..
References
External links
FTL Games | Dungeon Master Encyclopaedia
Defunct video game companies of the United States
Video game companies established in 1982
Defunct companies based in California
1982 establishments in California
The Northern Khorat Plateau moist deciduous forests ecoregion (WWF ID: IM0138) covers a small area on the border between northeastern Thailand and Laos, in the transition zone between the drier Khorat Plateau to the south and the wetter Annamite Range of mountains to the north. Much of the ecoregion has been converted to agriculture along the floodplain of the middle course of the Mekong River.
Location and description
The ecoregion follows the floodplain of the Mekong River for 350 km along the border between Thailand and Laos. Vientiane, the capital city of Laos, is near the western edge of the region. The river through this region cuts through a number of low mountain ridges that reach to 800 meters, although the majority of the ecoregion is on the river plain averaging 200 meters.
Climate
The climate of the ecoregion is Tropical monsoon climate (Köppen climate classification (Aw)). This climate is characterized by relatively even temperatures throughout the year (all months being greater than average temperature), and a pronounced dry season. The driest month has less than 60 mm of precipitation, but more than (100-(average/25) mm. This climate is mid-way between a tropical rainforest and a tropical savannah. The dry month usually at or right after the winter solstice in the Northern Hemisphere. Precipitation in this ecoregion has averaged 1,629 mm/year in recent years.
Flora and fauna
About 42% is given over to agriculture, about 50% is closed or open forest, and the remainder is urbanized, scrub, or water. Most of the forest is semi-evergreen deciduous trees, characterized by Lagerstroemia angustifolia (a species of myrtle tree), Afzelia xylocarpa, Xylia xylocarpa (a hardwood with bright yellow flowers), Peltophorum dasyrrhachis (another deciduous tree with yellow flowers), and the Burma padauk (Pterocarpus macrocarpus).
Within the forests of this ecoregion, the dry evergreen portion contain more species of mammals than the deciduous forest which produces less suitable food. Mammal species include the endangered Pileated gibbon (Hylobates pileatus) and the endangered wild Asian elephant (Elephas maximus). There are also sites of high biodiversity along the banks of the Mekong River, with extensive habitat of shifting sand bars and exposed bedrock. A popular cover in these riverine habitats is willow-leaved water croton (Homonoia riparia) which grows in wet soils near the river.
Protected Areas
A little more than 2% of the ecoregion is Protected:
Phou Khao Khouay, a mixture of river plain and mountainous territory 40 km northeast of Vientiane, Laos.
Phu Kao–Phu Phan Kham National Park, a mountainous region in Thailand south of Vientiane.
References
Indomalayan ecoregions
Ecoregions of Thailand
Ecoregions of Laos
Tropical and subtropical moist broadleaf forests
Bhazon Kara is a village in Alkara Union of Chauddagram Upazila, which is in the Comilla District of eastern Bangladesh.
Communication is pretty good due to beside of Dhaka-Chittagong highway. The village has a primary school, community clinics, including mosque, madrasas and tourist attractions.
References
Villages in Comilla District
Populated places in Cumilla District
Villages in Chittagong Division
Ivan Skerlev (; born 28 January 1986) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a defender. They play mainly as a central defender, and can also play at right back.
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
Bulgarian footballers
First Professional Football League (Bulgaria) players
PFC Litex Lovech players
FC Dunav Ruse players
FC Lyubimets players
PFC Vidima-Rakovski Sevlievo players
FC Haskovo players
PFC Lokomotiv Mezdra players
SFC Etar Veliko Tarnovo players
Association football defenders
People from Haskovo
Sportspeople from Haskovo Province
The 92 BC Levant earthquake is mentioned in catalogues of historical earthquakes. An earthquake and a tsunami reportedly affected areas of the Levant, including the modern states of Cyprus, Egypt, Israel, and Syria.
Primary sources
There is a mention of the earthquake in the Megillat Taanit (Scroll of Fasts). Classical sources mention the earthquake affecting the city of Apamea, Phrygia, but do not mention effects on the wider Levant.
A Greek inscription from Magdolum mentions a "seismos" (Greek for earthquake) which affected Egypt, at some point between 97 and 94 BC. But it has been suggested that the inscription was metaphorically describing a local "disturbance" or an incident of extortion.
Jewish accounts
The main Jewish source on the earthquake is the Megillat Taanit. The text summarizes Jewish oral traditions about 35 dates of joyous events in Jewish history, mainly recording events to the reign of the Hasmonean dynasty (167–37 BC). At these dates, it was prohibited to either observe mourning or fasting.
When the text was written is unclear, though it predates the Siege of Jerusalem (70 AD) and the destruction of the Second Temple. The text focuses on the annual observance of dates, and not on historiography. The events are recorded by their order in the annual calendar, and not by their chronological order in history.
The observances themselves were only celebrated for a few centuries, but the text was preserved and transmitted in the Jewish literary canon. The Scroll of Fasts includes both a brief record of events, and three versions of Gemara (Scholia) which were added to the original text as addendums. There are three main surviving manuscripts. The exegesis which was added to the original text dates from the Talmudic period (2nd–6th centuries) to the Late Middle Ages.
The quality of the Scholia as historical sources is often unclear. Some of the explanations are "historically correct", and may reflect that their author used a valuable oral or written source to make their additions. Other explanations are of poor value, and reflect the questionable competence of their author. Scribal errors are commonplace in these manuscripts, with frequent errors in the copying of geographic and personal names. This explains most of the differences between the manuscript copies.
The main surviving versions of the text are the Parma manuscript (14th century), the Oxford manuscript (15th century), and a Common version (also known as the "Vulgata"). The Parma manuscript derives its information from the Babylonian Talmud, while the Oxford manuscript derives its information from the Jerusalem Talmud. The Common version is the last of them chronologically, and has copied information from both earlier versions. The blending of information from the two manuscript traditions seems to have started before the 11th century. It was complete by the time the first printed version of the text was published in Mantua during 1519.
Information on the earthquake is attached to an event dated to the 17th day of the month Adar in the Hebrew calendar. The event is the 33rd event covered in the text. According to the original Megillat Taanit, on that date "the natives" attacked a remnant of scribes in the country of "Belikos" and "Beit Zabdai". A salvation came to the "House of Israel". The Parma manuscript claims that "the natives" wanted to kill the "scribes of Israel". The scribes escaped to "Beit Zabadi", and the date of their escape was turned into an annual holiday. The Oxford manuscript claims that Alexander Jannaeus, the King of Judaea (reigned 103–76 BC) wanted to kill the brothers "Bukinos" and "Bukius", who escaped them and fled to Syria. The natives of the country of "Blikus" gathered to kill the brothers, but a great "raash" ("earthquake" of "clamor") send by El Shaddai (God Almighty) rescued the brothers. In the Common version, Alexander Jannaeus wanted to kill the scribes, who escaped them and fled to the country of "Koselikos". The natives were gentiles who rose against the scribes and wanted to kill them. The scribes managed to scare away their attackers and then fled to "Bet Zabadi". In this version, a comment by "Rabbi Hidka" records that the sea itself upwelled and "destroyed a third in the settled land".
The original text and the Parma version do not mention the earthquake, but the earthquake is described by the Oxford version. The Common version apparently describes a tsunami and attributes it to an earthquake. In the Oxford version, a God-send disaster rescues the scribes. The Rabbi Hidka credited with the tsunami description of the Common version was a historical sage of the 2nd century. The implication in the Common version is that the tsunami interfered with the attack of the natives.
The Oxford and Common versions may derive their description of the earthquake and the tsunami from extinct "local traditions". They may have also derived their descriptions from earthquake records in texts which were outside the Jewish literary tradition. The locations of the event is variously described as first "Belikos". "Belikot", "Chalbos", "Cholbos", "Chalikus", "Coselicos", "Calicos", and then "Beit Zabdin", "Beit Zabdai", and "Beit Zabadi". These seem to be misspellings. Modern scholars have identified the first location with Chalcis in Syria (modern Qinnasrin), and the second location with Zabadea in Lebanon-Syria.
In antiquity, there were many locations known as Chalcis, and two of them were located in Syria. The first was Chalcis sub Libanum, identified with the modern Anjar, Lebanon. It was located in the Beqaa Valley, about southeast of Baalbek. It was also located near Zabadea, a narrow plain that included modern Al-Zabadani. Zabadani is located to the north-northwest of Damascus. The ancient city of Kaprazabadion (modern Qafr Zabad) was located southwest of this Chalcis.
The second Chalcis was Chalcis ad Belum, identified with modern Hadir and Qinnasrin in north Syria. This city was located less than southeast of Antioch. Zabadea, in this case, may be identified with the locations of Zebed, Zebadi on the Orontes River, and Zabboude. However, all three of these locations were first mentioned in texts dating after the end of ancient history.
Neither of the two Chalcis was located close to the coasts of the Levant, and would be unlikely to be directly affected by a tsunami. The tsunami description may be based on a catastrophic inundation along the littoral zone, which diverted the attention of the "native" attackers.
The historical context of the event is unclear. The fleeing scribes may have been trying to flee Alexander Jannaeus, who is described as a particularly cruel monarch by Josephus. Alexander is known to have persecuted the Pharisees, who were opposed to their reign. But the original text does not mention Alexander Jannaeus, and their name may have been added to the text by a later-day interpreter. The scribes may have fled "oppression and slaughter" in the context of the many political upheavals in the Levant during the 2nd century BC. The Levant had at the time a multicultural population, and experienced frequent shifts in "political fortunes" and short-lived alliances.
The Oxford version names the scribes as Bukius and Bukinos, but these may not be actual persons. But just a Colloquialism to refer to an otherwise unnamed group. Historians theorize that the event took place in the context of the victorious campaigns of Jonathan Apphus (reigned 161–142 BC) against their enemy Demetrius II Nicator (reigned 145–138 BC). 1 Maccabees records that Jonathan had attacked the Zabadeans, crushed their enemies in battle, and plundered their territory.
Classical accounts
This earthquake has been identified with one or more earthquakes known to have destroyed Apamea, Phrygia c. 90 BC. The city is identified with Celaenae, located on the Meander River.
The earthquake is mentioned in the Deipnosophistae by Athenaeus, who identifies Nicolaus of Damascus as their source on the topic. In Athenaeus' narrative, the earthquake is accompanied by flooding, the change of river courses, appearance and disappearance of lakes, and the ingression of sea waters. The same earthquake is mentioned by Strabo. According to Strabo's narrative, Mithridates VI of Pontus (reigned 120–63 BC) offered to rebuild the destroyed Apamea.
Apamea was located about from the Mediterranean coast, and was surrounded by hills. It is unlikely that it was affected by a tsunami. It is more likely that the rivers Meander and Marsyas flooded, and there were changes in the surface levels of nearby lakes. Floods were far from uncommon in its vicinity, and local folklore connects the area to Noah's Ark and the Genesis flood narrative.
Earthquakes are also connected to the earlier reign of Jonathan Apphus. A major one is recorded by Athenaus and Strabo. Athenaus names Posidonius as their source on the event. According to these accounts, an ocean wave of extraordinary height dashed upon the shore. All men in its path were reportedly engulfed and drowned. The location of the event was somewhere between Tyre, Lebanon and Ptolemais in Phoenicia (modern Acre, Israel).
The earthquake and tsunami reportedly followed a battle involving Diodotus Tryphon (reigned 142–138 BC) and the army of the Seleucid Empire. This would place the event between the start of Tryphon's mutiny in 145 BC and Tryphon's suicide in 138 BC. Jonathan's campaign against the Zabadeans took place while Jonathan and Tryphon were allied to each other. Placing this earthquake to c. 143 BC.
The earthquake may also be identified with a disaster described elsewhere by Posidonius, which took place along the Levant littoral. An unidentified city above Sidon collapsed into the sea. In Sidon itself, nearly two-thirds of the city were engulfed. The shock affected the whole of Syria. However this disaster is otherwise connected to the emergence of the volcanic island of Hiera (modern Palea Kameni) in 198 BC. Sidon's earthquake is also mentioned in De rerum natura by Lucretius and Naturales quaestiones by Seneca the Younger. Neither text connects the earthquake to a specific date or historical context.
An earthquake during the reign of Jonathan Apphus is also recorded by the chronicle of John Malalas (6th century). In this narrative, the earthquake took place in the reign of Antiochus, grandson of Grypus. It is unclear who this monarch is, though it may be a misdated reference to Antiochus VII Sidetes (reigned 138–129 BC). In this Antiochus' 8th regnal year, the city of Antioch suffered from the "wrath of God" (an earthquake) and had to be rebuilt. Malalas offers inconsistent dates for the event. They place the event 152 years after Seleucus I Nicator (reigned 305–281 BC) established the city. This would place the event c. 148 BC, a full decade before Antiochus VII rose to the throne. It has been suggested that Malalas conflated accounts of two different earthquakes, the first taking place in 148 BC, and the other in 130 BC (Antriochus VII' 8th regnal years). Malalas mentions as their own source the chronicle of Domninos, who is not known from other sources.
Alternatively, the earthquake connected to Jonathan Apphus has been dated to c. 142 BC, 8 years following the death of Demetrius I Soter (reigned 161–150 BC). Whether the earthquake who affected Antioch was the same one which affected Chalcis is unclear.
Modern explanations
The textual evidence for the earthquake is uneven, and the compilers of the Scholia to Megillat Taanit may have misunderstood the true nature of the 17th Adar events. If the earthquake affected the Holy Land, it is unclear why the Jews would consider the event a "joyous day". It would be more likely seen as a day of mourning and fasting. If the earthquake instead affected a distant region of Syria and did not harm the "oppressed Jewish communities" of Syria, it would be more likely to be seen as a divine event by the Jews.
On whether the earthquake took place during the reign of Jonathan Apphus or that of Alexander Jannaeus, there seem to be more primary sources favoring the earlier date rather than the later one. No evidence has been found that the earthquake affected Egypt, which was located away from Apamea. The reported tidal wave between Tyre and Ptolemais took place away from Chalcis sub Libanum. The earthquake and submergence of Sidon took place nearby, and the earthquake of Antioch took place away. All three events can be safely dated to the 2nd century BC, probably during Jonathan's reign.
There are insufficient evidence to attribute all reported events to a single earthquake, rather than an entire series on seismic events. However, the paleoseismic study of the Serghaya fault, suggested that only one seismic event took place there between 170 BC and 20 AD.
References
Bibliography
Further reading
92 BC
1st-century BC earthquakes
Ancient Lebanon
Ancient Levant
Hellenistic Phrygia
History of Afyonkarahisar Province
History of Aleppo Governorate
Avraham Elmalih (, 1885 – 2 April 1967) was a journalist, Zionist activist and Israeli politician.
Biography
Born in Jerusalem, Elmalih was educated in a yeshiva and an alliance school. They studied at the Archaeological Institute and worked as a teacher in their home city, as well as in Istanbul, Jaffa and Damascus. In 1914, Elmalih established the Herut newspaper, editing it until 1919. During World War I, they were exiled to Damascus.
In 1920, they were elected to the Assembly of Representatives for Histadrut HaSephardim, and the following year joined the Jewish National Council. In 1921, they became a member of the editorial board of the Doar Hayom newspaper, serving until 1932. In 1928, Elmaliah published a book entitled The Land of Israel and Syria during WWI. In 1935, they became a member of Jerusalem city council.
Following Israeli independence, they were elected to the first Knesset in 1949 on the Sephardim and Oriental Communities. They lost their seat in the 1951 elections.
References
External links
1885 births
1967 deaths
People from Jerusalem
Israeli educators
Israeli journalists
Members of the Assembly of Representatives (Mandatory Palestine)
Members of the 1st Knesset (1949–1951)
Sephardim and Oriental Communities politicians
Sephardi Jews in Mandatory Palestine
Sephardi Jews in Ottoman Palestine
20th-century journalists
The Hualien County Council (HLCC; ) is the elected county council of Hualien County, Republic of China. The council composes of 33 councilors lastly elected through the 2018 Republic of China local election on 24 November 2018.
Transportation
The council building is accessible within walking distance east from Hualien Station of Taiwan Railways.
See also
Hualien County Government
References
External links
County councils of Taiwan
Hualien County
This article presents lists of the literary events and publications in 1582.
Events
February – Meleager, a Latin play on the mythological figure of Meleager by "Gulielmus Gagerus" (William Gager), is performed by members of Christ Church, Oxford.
November 29 – Marriage of William Shakespeare and Anne Hathaway at Temple Grafton in England.
Publication in England of the first part of Richard Mulcaster's textbook on the teaching of English, the {{Proper name|Elementarie, including "a generall table [of eight thousand words] we commonlie use}}" in regularized spelling.
Earliest reference to the publishing of private newspapers in Beijing (China).
New books
Prose
Robert Bellarmine – Disputationes
George Buchanan – Rerum Scoticarum Historia
Balthasar de Beaujoyeulx – Balet comique de la Royne
"Douay–Rheims Bible", New Testament
Richard Hakluyt – Divers Voyages Touching the Discoverie of America
John Leland – (posthumous translation)
Anthony Munday – English Romayne Lyfe (i. e. Life of an Englishman in Rome)
Drama
Anonymous – The Rare Triumphs of Love and Fortune
Miguel de Cervantes – El cerco de Numancia
William Gager – Meleager
Giovanni Battista Guarini –
Poetry
See 1582 in poetry
Births
January 6 – Alonso de Contreras, Spanish adventurer and writer (died 1641)
January 28 – John Barclay, Scottish satirist and poet (died 1621)
February 6 – Mario Bettinus, Italian philosopher (died 1657)
April 8 (baptised) – Phineas Fletcher, English poet (died 1650)
October 17 – Johann Gerhard, German Lutheran theologian (died 1637)
November 21 – François Maynard, French poet (died 1646)
Unknown dates
Giovanni Francesco Abela, Maltese writer (died 1655)
Richard Corbet, English poet and bishop (died 1635)
William Lithgow, Scottish traveller and author (died 1645)
Deaths
January 26 – Thomas Platter, Swiss humanist writer (born 1499)
July/August – Jacques Pelletier du Mans, French humanist poet (born 1517)
September 28 – George Buchanan, Scottish historian (born 1506)
October 4 – Teresa of Ávila, Spanish mystical writer (born 1515)
Unknown dates
Arnoldus Arlenius, Dutch humanist philosopher and poet (born c.1510)
Natalis Comes, Italian mythographer, poet and historian (born 1520)
Jobus Fincelius, German humanist writer
References
Years of the 16th century in literature
Colachi is a stratovolcano in the Antofagasta Region of northern Chile. It was built on a basement of ignimbrites. A 7 km² silicic lava flow lies on the saddle between the volcano and Acamarachi.
Colachi is part of a chain of stratovolcanoes stretching along the eastern side of the Salar de Atacama, the most active of which being Lascar.
See also
List of volcanoes in Chile
Laguna Verde (volcano)
Purico Complex
References
Mountains of Chile
Stratovolcanoes of Chile
Volcanoes of Antofagasta Region
The men's Greco-Roman 59 kg is a competition featured at the 2014 World Wrestling Championships, and was held in Tashkent, Uzbekistan on September 14.
Medalists
Results
Legend
F — Won by fall
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
Repechage
References
Official website
Men's Greco-Roman 59 kg
Lethata asthenopa is a moth of the family Depressariidae. It is found in French Guiana.
The wingspan is about 27 mm. The forewings are glossy purplish brown with the costal edge light ochreous rosy and the dorsal edge ferruginous brown from one-third to the tornus. The plical stigma is dark fuscous and the second discal stigma is transverse, whitish and finely dark edged. There is a very faintly indicated darker line from the middle of the costa to three-fifths of the dorsum, strongly curved outwards around the cell. A curved series of undefined blackish dots is found from three-fifths of the costa to four-fifths of the dorsum. The hindwings are grey.
References
Moths described in 1916
Lethata
Dark chess is a chess variant with incomplete information, similar to Kriegspiel. It was invented by Jens Bæk Nielsen and Torben Osted in 1989. A player does not see the entire board – only their own pieces and the squares that they can legally move to.
Rules
The goal of this chess variant is not to checkmate the king, but to capture it. A player is not told if their king is in check. Failing to move out of check, or moving into check, are both legal, and can obviously result in a capture and loss of the game.
Each player views a different version of the board, on which they can only see their own pieces, and the squares where these pieces can legally move, as well as any opponent pieces on those squares (which must therefore be capturable). It is indicated to the player which squares are hidden, so a hidden square can never be confused with a visible empty square. As an example, it is always clear when an enemy piece is directly in front of a pawn, because that square will be hidden (as capturing it is not a legal move for the pawn to make).
En passant capture is allowed; the threatened pawn and the square it moved through are both visible to the capturing player, but only until the end of the turn. Unlike standard chess, castling is allowed out of check, into check, and through the positions attacked by enemy pieces.
This chess variant is best played on one of the online chess servers. For playing over-the-board, three chess sets and a referee are needed, just as in Kriegspiel.
There are some minor differences in the rules on different servers:
BrainKing: pawn promotions remain unknown for the opponent.
ItsYourTurn: the opponent is notified when a pawn is promoted, but does not know where. The square immediately in front of a pawn is always visible to the player; when a pawn is on the second rank, if the square immediately in front is empty then the square two squares in front is also made visible.
SchemingMind: the player does not see what is in front of their pawns, but knows if the position is occupied or not.
AjaxPlay.Com: En passant capture is not allowed; pawn promotions remain unknown for the opponent.
GoldToken: pawn promotions remain unknown for the opponent.
Chess.com: Named "Fog of War"; the player does not see what is in front of their pawns, but knows if the position is occupied or not; pawn promotions remain unknown for the opponent. Before November 5, 2021 when a pawn could be taken en passant, the pawn was not visible, but the en passant square was lit up.
Variations
Generally, because basic Dark chess rules are universal with respect to its "parent" classical variant, any 2-player chess variant may be played "in dark". SchemingMind provides some of the variations.
Dark chess (checkmate) – standard rules of check apply (a player is notified when its king is in check, and the king cannot move into check). The goal in this variation is the same as in standard chess — to checkmate the king.
Dark chess (check) – a player is notified when the king is in check, but the king can remain in check after a move. The goal in this variation is the same as in standard dark chess – to capture the king.
Dark crazyhouse – combination of crazyhouse and dark chess.
Dark suicide – combination of suicide and dark chess.
Sun Tzu chess – combination of Double Fischer Random Chess (like Chess960, but with different positions for White and Black), crazyhouse and dark chess. Pieces can be dropped onto any possible square on the board (like crazyhouse). This chess variant was invented in 2005 by John Kipling Lewis.
Lao Tzu chess – like Sun Tzu, but pieces can only be dropped on seen squares. Also invented in 2005 by John Kipling Lewis.
Dark Omega chess – combination of Omega Chess and dark chess.
Dark Seirawan chess – combination of Seirawan chess and dark chess.
Gameplay
Dark chess has a strong strategic flavor. Planning and strategy, as well as some psychological reasoning, are very important; tactics and move searching are not as important as in standard chess.
In this variant, a king should be carefully protected from very dangerous checks by invisible pieces; castling is essential, as the pawns and rook protect the king from invisible pieces. For a queen the most dangerous pieces are knights, which can attack it without becoming visible.
See also
Fog of war
List of chess variants
References
External links
Dark Chess Strategy guide
Darkness chess by Jens Bæk Nielsen
Dark chess by Tall Troll Games
Chess variants
1989 in chess
Board games introduced in 1989
Sudanese Americans are Americans of Sudanese ancestry, or Sudanese who have American citizenship. Sudanese Americans may also include children born in the United States to an American (or of other origin) parent and Sudanese parent. Many Sudanese emigrated to the United States in the 1990s as war refugees, escaping of civil war in Sudan.
In the 2012 American Community Survey, 48,763 people identified themselves as Sudanese or Sudanese Americans who—or whose ancestors—have emigrated from their native land to the U.S. in the 1980s, 1990s and 2000s.
History
With the Civil War in Sudan, in 1983, many Sudanese and South Sudanese were settled in refugee camps in other neighboring African countries (Egypt, Ethiopia, Kenya, Uganda). Since 1990, Sudanese refugees in these camps have been accepted in the United States. So, most of the refugees from Sudan arrived the United States after 1991, although most them hailed from South Sudan (who arrived to this country, basically, from 2001, although also were established there some Sudanese refugee communities from North Sudan). So, many North Sudanese were established in places such as Maine (settling them eventually in cities such as Portland - where they arrived in 1993, being the Darfurian people one of the early Sudanese people in settled there - and Lewiston), or Omaha, Nebraska (where already had a Sudanese community in 1997).
Demography
According to the 2000 Census, the largest Sudanese communities (the 2000 US census did not distinguish between North and South as South Sudan was not yet an independent nation) were New York City, Detroit, Des Moines (in Iowa), Alexandria (Virginia) in the Washington DC metropolitan area, Los Angeles and San Diego. Sudanese and South Sudanese Americans communities also are found in others cities such as Greensboro, NC, Dallas, TX, Flint, MI, Washington Metropolitan Area and many other cities. The states of Virginia, Washington, Maryland, California, Idaho, Minnesota and North Carolina have the largest Sudanese populations of the United States.
It is known that at least since 1997, many Sudanese and South Sudanese live in Omaha, Nebraska. There are 10 Sudanese and South Sudanese tribes, among which are the North Sudanese Maban people. According to the UNO School of Social Work, in Omaha Sudanese communities from Sudan's Central provinces from the Nuba Mountains and Darfur have been established. Other Sudanese immigrants were also established there. Seventeen tribes (with around 2,000 Sudanese and South Sudanese, between them, the South Sudanese Acholi tribe) also live in Maine. Maine is, indeed, the place that has the largest group of resettled Darfurians in the United States.
Several Sudanese ethnic groups live in the United States, amongst them the Maban and Fur people.
Political dissidents in Northern Sudan emigrated, fleeing from the oppressive Muslim fundamentalist regime in Khartoum. Many of them migrated to refugee camps in neighboring countries, particularly Ethiopia, to escape forced conscription or, to a lesser extent, religious persecution directed specifically against followers of the Baháʼí Faith. From these camps, many were accepted to the United States. Sudanese or South Sudanese emigrated to America from different regions of Sudan due to political disagreements, educational and vocation opportunities or for family reunification, as well.
According to estimates for 2015 to 2019 from The Migration Policy Institute, there were 46,700 Sudanese immigrants living in The USA. The top six counties of settlement were as following:
1) Fairfax County, Virginia ---------------------- 2,500
2) Guilford County, North Carolina --------- 1,300
3) Tarrant County, Texas ------------------------ 1,100
4) Maricopa County, Arizona ----------------- 1,100
5) Douglas County, Nebraska ---------------- 1,100
6) Dallas County, Texas ------------------------- 1,100
Health care
Most Sudanese that established themselves in the U.S. have numerous difficulties in accessing health care, although in varying degrees depending on factors such as educational level and having obtained biomedical care in Sudan. Among the linguistic and educational differences are added factors such as the discrepancy of name and date of birth, and a general lack of prior medical documentation, causing confusion in the American health system or admission into hospitals.
With no care or checkups in Sudan, immigrants from this country are found with medical conditions previously unknown to them. Many Sudanese have diabetes, hypertension, food allergies, severe cases of depression, loss of vision and hearing, parasitism, and dental problems, although its feeding change in US.
In addition, they often leave their medication when symptoms resolve, not completing therapy.
Organizations
Sudanese Americans (whether from North or South Sudan) created several associations. So, because of the great difficulties faced by Sudanese in the United States, such as language and skill, was founded the New Sudan-American Hope (NSAH) in 1999 by a group of Sudanese from Rochester, Minnesota, to help Sudanese refugees. So, help with various aspects of relocation. Almost a decade later and with members from diverse backgrounds, NSAH still helps refugees in Rochester and also is a source of education about the consequences of the war in Sudan.
Notable people
Nawal M. Nour, gynecologist
Abdullahi Ahmed An-Na'im, professor
Elfatih Eltahir, Professor of Hydrology and Climate at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology MIT
Mohammed Adam El-Sheikh, imam
Oddisee, musician
Safia Elhillo, poet
Bas, born in Paris to Sudanese parents
Dua Saleh, singer
Girmay Zahilay, American politician born in Sudan to Ethiopian parents
See also
Sudanese Australians
Sudanese British
Sudan–United States relations
References
American
Political refugees in the United States
Blanche of France (; – 1 March 1305), a member of the House of Capet, was Duchess of Austria and Styria as consort to the Habsburg Duke Rudolph III, the eldest son of King Albert I of Germany.
Life
Blanche was born in Paris, the second child of King Philip III of France and their second wife, Maria of Brabant. Them siblings were Louis, Count of Évreux and Margaret, Queen of England. Blanche also had two older half-brothers from their father's first marriage: Philip, the future King of France, and Charles, Count of Valois.
Betrothals
Blanche was betrothed four times before their eventual marriage. Them first betrothal was to John I, Marquis of Namur, in September 1290. Them second betrothal was on 31 July 1291 to Edward, Prince of Wales, but they would instead marry Blanche's niece Isabella.
Them third betrothal took place in 1293 and was to the Prince of Wales's father, Edward I of England, who had been widowed three years earlier. Edward broke off their son's betrothal to Blanche after hearing of their beauty and sent emissaries to negotiate the intended union with their half-brother, King Philip IV. Philip agreed to give Blanche to Edward on the following conditions:
A truce would be concluded between the two countries; and
Edward would cede the province of Gascony to France.
Edward agreed and sent their brother Edmund Crouchback, Earl of Lancaster, to fetch the new bride, but Lancaster discovered that Blanche was already betrothed to another. Philip instead offered Edward their younger sister Margaret, who was at the time only eleven years old. Edward refused Margaret's hand and instead declared war on France. Five years later Edward and Philip declared a truce under which Edward would marry Margaret (then a more mature 16 years of age) and receive both the territory of Guienne and the sum of £15,000, which was owed to Margaret.
Them fourth betrothal, in 1296, was to John, son of John II, Count of Holland.
Marriage
As King Albert I of Germany aimed at a dynastic relation with the French royal House of Capet, they had entered into negotiations with the Paris court about 1295. Blanche married Rudolph on 25 May 1300; however, they did not arrive in Vienna until Christmas. The Austrian court admired their rich endowment, but also noted a taste for luxury and pomp. The duchess accompanied their husband on a journey to the Styrian lands, where they proved supportive to the Habsburg pretensions.
Blanche bore Rudolf a stillborn daughter in 1304 and a short-lived son who was probably poisoned in March 1306. They died on 1 March 1305, possibly of complications after a miscarriage.
Since 1784, Blanche is buried at the Minoritenkirche in Vienna. Upon their death, Rudolf secondly married the Piast princess Elizabeth Richeza of Poland.
References
Sources
External links
1282 births
1305 deaths
French princesses
House of Capet
Austrian royal consorts
Thomas Gene Fisher (April 4, 1942 – November 21, 2016) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. Nicknamed "Big Fish", the 6'0", 180 lb. right-hander was signed by the Baltimore Orioles as an amateur free agent before the 1962 season. They played briefly for the Orioles in 1967.
Fisher had a record of 10–6 with a 3.04 earned run average for the Triple-A Rochester Red Wings when they were called up to Baltimore in September 1967. Their career minor league record at the time was 65–33, a winning percentage of .663. They made their major league debut in relief on September 20 against the Washington Senators at D.C. Stadium. They pitched 1.1 scoreless innings, walking two batters. Their second big league action came two days later, in a home game against the Boston Red Sox. They hurled two more scoreless innings, striking out one batter, All-Star catcher Elston Howard.
On April 30, 1969 they were traded by the Orioles along with pitcher John O'Donoghue to the Seattle Pilots, and never again made it to the major league level. Their lifetime ERA for 3.1 innings stands at 0.00.
Minor League Trivia
Fisher led Northern League pitchers with 16 complete games while playing for the Aberdeen Pheasants in 1964.
They led Eastern League pitchers in complete games (16), shutouts (4), winning percentage (.700), strikeouts (142), and ERA (1.88) while playing for the Elmira Pioneers in 1966.
They tied for the International League lead with 5 shutouts in 1967.
External links
, or Retrosheet, or Pura Pelota (Venezuelan Winter League)
Obituary
1942 births
2016 deaths
Aberdeen Pheasants players
Appleton Foxes players
Baltimore Orioles players
Baseball players from Cleveland
Bluefield Orioles players
Elmira Pioneers players
Florida Instructional League Orioles players
Fox Cities Foxes players
Indianapolis Indians players
Jacksonville Suns players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Navegantes del Magallanes players
American expatriate baseball players in Venezuela
Ohio Bobcats baseball players
Ohio University alumni
Portland Beavers players
Rochester Red Wings players
Stockton Ports players
Tri-City Atoms players
Vancouver Mounties players
Lawrence Paros (born 21 February 1934) is an author and high school teacher, best known for their work in alternative education.
Biography
Paros was born in Springfield, Massachusetts in 1934. They received a B.A. in History and Political Science at University of Massachusetts in Amherst. In 1958, Paros received an M.A. in American Diplomatic History and Russian Studies at Yale University.
Career
Paros taught high school in many areas before becoming the chairperson of the History Department at Wilbur Cross High School in New Haven, Connecticut. While there, they developed an area-wide program that focused on contemporary issues for high school students. This program was the basis of a featured article in the Yale Alumni Magazine, which described the program and its genesis.Paros was then appointed the director of the Yale Summer High School, a project to identify, recruit and educate talented youths living in poverty nationwide. After forty years, they traveled the country interviewing former students and school staff members. Their accomplishments are shown in a film called Walk Right In.
The film was screened at more than a dozen venues, including the Tacoma Film Festival, International Black Film Festival of Nashville, Doc Miami International Film Festival and Show Me Social Justice International Film Festival. It was also displayed at several dozen colleges and universities, including the University of WA and their TV show, Backstory. and the Harvard Graduate School of Education. It currently exists online at "Culture Unplugged".
Alternative education
In Providence, Rhode Island, they created and directed two experimental schools—The Alternate Learning Project (ALP) and School One.
Central to the schools' philosophy was an effort to blur and ultimately eradicate the artificial distinction between learning and life. In keeping with the philosophy of "Project-Based Learning," all students held site-placements in the community.
The school was the subject of Hilda Calabro's Diversity or Conformity in the American High School. Written and online work
Paros' published works ranging from education and etymology to children's books.
 They are the author of Dancing on the Contradictions — a book of transforming our schools, our students, and ourselves. Grounded in real life, rather than abstract theory, it features vivid snapshots of interactions with students — often in their own words — the struggles that they and the author faced together, their resilience, and their mutual transformation.
Their other published works include The Black and the Blue: The Story of the Other Yale, The Great American Cliché, The Erotic Tongue (Madrona and Henry Holt and Company), Bawdy Language (Kvetch Press) and Smashcaps, (Avon (publishers)).
Their column, A Word with You, was available in the early days of the internet.
The columns later served as the basis of a two volume work: A Word with You America.Bawdy Language is an updated, unexpurgated, expanded, and illustrated version of The Erotic Tongue.
Ancillary activity
Paros has been an op-ed page columnist for the Seattle Post-Intelligencer and a commentator on KUOW-FM, the NPR affiliate in Seattle. Their most recent works include three films: The Journey, the story of an immigrant's trek to America, Walk Right In, the story of the Yale Summer High School, and a short animated film, "Bawdy: The Movie."
Bibliography
Non-fiction The Great American Cliché (Workman,1976),The Erotic Tongue (Madrona, Henry Holt,1984),Smashcaps (Avon,1995),A Word with you America (Kvetch Press,1999),Bawdy Language (Kvetch Press,2003),Dancing on the Contradictions (PP Press,2019),
Film/video The JourneyWalk Right InBawdy: The Movie''
References
Living people
American male writers
Yale University alumni
1934 births
20th-century American educators
Etymologists
Devana Chasma is a weak extensional rift zone on Venus, with a length of 4000 km, a width of 150–250 km, and a depth reaching 5 km. Most of the faults are facing north–south. The rift is located in Beta Regio, a 3000 km rise created by volcanic activity. Mantle plumes rising from the bottom are the reason behind the formation of the rift zone. The slow extension rates in the rift may be driven by the same reason.
Geology
General history of the region
The formation of the region went through different events with time:
Uplifting of the mantle plume in Beta Regio and Phoebe Regio: The rising of the mantle plume pushes the crust to create the volcanic rises.
Formation of Theia Mons Volcano and Devana Chasma: The lava escapes through the crust forming Theia Mons volcano and the beginning of the rifting.
Overlapping of the two mantle plumes forming the offset zone: The offset zone is formed when the two different plumes change in their thermal energy
Background information
Rift zones are features that related to volcanoes in general and shield volcanoes specially, this feature consists of linear opening in the ground where the lava can spread from the side of the volcano not only from the summit. Repeated eruptions cause more lava to come and activate the rift zone which causes the extension of the crust.
The Devana Chasma formed along the Beta Regio and Phoebe Regio volcanic rises, these different volcanic highlands formed due different mantle plumes. These extensional faults are 4000 km long and can be divided to two main parts, the northern part which covers around 700 km between Theia Mons and Rhea Mons which formed via Beta Regio mantle plume. The southern part cover the rest and formed due Phoebe Regio mantle plume. Arecibo radar images and Magellan spacecraft helped in studying the Beta Regio region and shading the light on the Devana Chasma rift system.
Rift development
The lack of erosion and deformation processes record the history and development of Venus. Evidences from the images of the Beta Regio shows the history behind the region, the rise of the region is caused by an uplift of the mantle plume, which caused the formation of Theia Mons shield volcano. The Devana Chasma rift system were also constructed by the uplift, and became active due to the Theia Mons volcano. Furthermore, these evidences proposed several aspects concerning the development and history of the rift zone. Nowadays, the rift zone is still active but the rifting is much slower because of the relative cold mantle plume. In previous centuries, the mantle plumes were hotter and the rifting rate were faster, but the mantle got colder and that consistent with the current cold plate of Venus.
Comparison between Venus and Earth rift systems
Due to the similarities between Earth and Venus, it is suggested that they have a similar lithospheric elastic thickness of ~30 km. East African Rift is the only rift that can be compared to Devana Chasma. Both rifts have fault segments length around ~100 km, which makes them stronger than any extensional system on Earth. However, they differ in their half grabens, East African Rifts' half grabens are around 50 km wide while on Venus it is around 150 km. In East African Rift, the higher elastic thickness can explain the wide half grabens. However, on Venus the main force is the high shear stress due to the cold lithosphere, which require the faults to be stronger in order to move. As a result, it has a wider half grabens than the one on Earth. Studying and comparing these two rift systems help us to understand how volcanism and tectonic activities affected the development and formation of the Beta Regio region on Venus.
References
Guinevere Planitia quadrangle
Rifts and grabens
Karaot is a village in the Bucak district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Bucak District
Rejowiec may refer to the following places:
Rejowiec, Greater Poland Voivodeship (west-central Poland)
Rejowiec, Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Rejowiec, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship (south-central Poland)
Rejowiec Fabryczny, Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Gmina Rejowiec an administrative district in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Gmina Rejowiec Fabryczny an administrative district in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Englevale is a census-designated place and unincorporated community in Ransom County, North Dakota, United States. Its population was 40 as of the 2010 census. The community was initially named Marshall after landowner Marshall T. Davis; it was later renamed for Mathias L. Engel, a promoter for the community.
Demographics
References
Census-designated places in Ransom County, North Dakota
Census-designated places in North Dakota
Unincorporated communities in North Dakota
Unincorporated communities in Ransom County, North Dakota
CJN or cjn may also refer to:
Canadian Jewish News
IATA code for Cijulang Nusawiru Airport
Cam Newton, American National Football League quarterback.
The 1982 Bromley Council election took place on 6 May 1982 to elect members of Bromley London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1982
1982 London Borough council elections
May 1982 events in the United Kingdom
Sardines ("pilchards") are a nutrient-rich, small, oily fish widely consumed by humans and as forage fish by larger fish species, seabirds and marine mammals. Sardines are a source of omega-3 fatty acids. Sardines are often served in cans, but can also be eaten grilled, pickled, or smoked when fresh.
Sardines are related to herrings, both in the family Clupeidae. The term sardine was first used in English during the early 15th century, and may come from the Mediterranean island of Sardinia, around which sardines were once abundant.
The terms sardine and pilchard are not precise, and what is meant depends on the region. The United Kingdom's Sea Fish Industry Authority, for example, classifies sardines as young pilchards. One criterion suggests fish shorter in length than are sardines, and larger ones pilchards. The FAO/WHO Codex standard for canned sardines cites 21 species that may be classed as sardines; FishBase, a comprehensive database of information about fish, calls at least six species just 'pilchard', over a dozen just 'sardine', and many more with both those two basic names qualified by various adjectives.
Sardines are commercially fished for a variety of uses: bait, immediate consumption, canning, drying, salting, smoking, and reduction into fish meal or fish oil. The chief use of sardines is for human consumption, fish meal is used as animal feed, while sardine oil has many uses, including the manufacture of paint, varnish, and linoleum.
Nutrition
Sardines are rich in vitamins and minerals. A small serving of sardines once a day can provide up to 13% of the RDA (recommended daily allowance) value of vitamin B2, roughly one-quarter of the RDA of niacin, and about 150% of the RDA of vitamin B12. All B vitamins help to support proper nervous system function and are used for energy metabolism, or converting food into energy. Also, sardines are high in the major minerals such as phosphorus, calcium, potassium, and some trace minerals such as iron and selenium. Sardines are also a natural source of marine omega-3 fatty acids, which reduce the occurrence of cardiovascular disease. Recent studies suggest the regular consumption of omega-3 fatty acids reduces the likelihood of developing Alzheimer's disease and can even boost brain function. These fatty acids may also help lower blood sugar levels a small amount. They are also a good source of vitamin D, calcium, and protein.
Because they are low in the food chain, sardines are very low in contaminants, such as mercury, relative to other fish commonly eaten by humans.
Canned sardines
Sardines are canned in many different ways. At the cannery, the fish are washed, their heads are removed, and the fish are then smoked or cooked, either by deep-frying or by steam-cooking, after which they are dried. They are then packed in either olive, sunflower, or soybean oil, water, or in a tomato, chili, or mustard sauce.
Canned sardines in supermarkets may actually be sprat (such as the “brisling sardine”) or round herrings. Fish sizes vary by species. Good-quality sardines should have the head and gills removed before packing. They may also be eviscerated before packing (typically the larger varieties). If not, they should be purged of undigested or partially digested food or feces by holding the live fish in a tank long enough for them to empty their digestive systems.
Sardines are typically tightly packed in a small can which is scored for easy opening, either with a pull tab like that on a beverage can or with a key attached to the bottom or side of the can. Thus, it has the benefit of being an easily portable, nonperishable, self-contained food.
The close packing of sardines in the can has led to their metaphorical use in the term, "packed like sardines", to describe any situation where people or objects are crowded tightly together such as in a bus or nightclub. It has also been used as the name of a children's game, where one person hides and each successive person who finds the hidden one packs into the same space until only one is left out, who becomes the next one to hide.
Around the world
Australia
There is a sardine fishery in Australia harvesting the species Sardinops sagax. The species occurs—in temperate waters, from inshore waters to the edge of the continental shelf, down to depths of about 200 metres—south from Hervey Bay, in Queensland to Shark Bay in Western Australia. Although there is a market for fresh fish for human consumption and fish processed as canned pet food, increasingly, it is mainly used to feed Southern bluefin tuna.held in sea cages.
Canada
The last remaining sardine packing plant in North America is in Blacks Harbour, New Brunswick. The Brunswick brand, which started as the Connors Brothers in the 1880s, produces sardines (actually, juvenile herring, Clupea harengus) with many flavours. Brunswick claims to be the largest sardine producer in the world.
England
Pilchard (Sardina pilchardus) fishing and processing was a thriving industry in Cornwall from around 1750 to around 1880, after which it went into an almost terminal decline. However, as of 2007, stocks are improving. Since 1997, sardines from Cornwall have been sold as "Cornish sardines", and since March 2010, under EU law, Cornish sardines have Protected Geographical Status. The industry has featured in numerous works of art, particularly by Stanhope Forbes and other Newlyn School artists. A traditional Cornish pilchard dish is stargazy pie.
Croatia
Fishing for sardela or sardina (Sardina pilchardus) on the coasts of Dalmatia and Istria began thousands of years ago. The region was part of the Roman Empire, then largely a Venetian dominion, and has always been sustained through fishing mainly sardines. All along the coast, many towns promote the age-old practice of fishing by lateen sail boats for tourism and on festival occasions. Today, industrial producers continue this tradition. Currently, the four factories of canned sardines are in Rovinj, Zadar, Postira, and Sali (the latter founded in 1905). Several famous dishes made with sardines include, for instance, komiška pogača (a pie with salted sardines and tomato sauce), saur or inšavor (sardines fried and then cooled, seasoned with olive oil, vinegar, garlic, black pepper and rosemary) and sardines roasted on stick from Sali, dugi otok.
France
Sardine fishing and canning is a traditional industry in Brittany, where most French canneries remain. The area is known as the place where sardine canning was invented. Douarnenez was the world's leading sardine exporter in the 19th century. The sardines are fried, dried, and then canned (this traditional process is labelled préparées à l'ancienne), whereas in most other countries, processing consists of steam cooking after canning.
Greece
Small oily fish like sardines have been a staple of the Greek diet since antiquity. Popular especially during the summer months of July and August, and praised as a high-quality healthy food source of protein and Omega-3 fatty acids, sardines are mostly consumed grilled with lemon and garlic, or cured in salt and olive oil (παστές, pastés). Both dishes are standard items in Greek-style seaside "taverna" restaurants, or in smaller establishments served as a treat (μεζές, meze) usually accompanied by ouzo. This does not leave out other ways of cooking sardines with local recipes and varieties.
The place most associated with sardines and their consumption as ouzomeze (ουζομεζές i.e. meze treat with ouzo) is the island of Lesvos. A fine kind of the fish called papalina thrives in the island's wide bay of Kalloni, and ouzo production has been a long tradition in the area of Plomari. A handful of manufacturers of Lesvos produce and export canned sardines, considered a local delicacy.
"Sardine festivals" are celebrated during summertime in Lesvos, as well as in many fishing communities elsewhere in Greece, which emphasize folklore aspects of traditional life and music, and allow for various amounts of fish consumption.
India
The sardine is a favorite food of the Keralites and the people of Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, and coastal Karnataka. The fish is typically eaten fresh, and canned sardines are not popular. Fried sardines are a much sought-after delicacy. They are called mathi (Malayalam: മത്തി)(Tamil: மத்தி) or chāla (Malayalam: ചാള) (Tamil: சாளை) in Kerala and Tamil Nadu . In Andhra Pradesh, they are called kavallu amongst the fishing community. In West Bengal, they are called khoira (Bengali: খয়রা). People from coastal Karnataka call them pedvo (Konkani) or bhootai (Tulu). Sardines are cheaper in India than larger fish like seer or pomfret, making them a low-cost delicacy. They are consumed in various forms, including deep-fried and pan-fried preparations, or made into curries of various types.
Italy
Owing to proximity with Sardinia, both the northern and southern regions of Italy claim main courses or appetizers with sardine fish as a primary ingredient. Sicily's regional dish, pasta con le sarde, is a spaghetti or bucatini entree with sardines, fennel seed, saffron, raisins, garlic, onion, olive oil, white wine, lemon juice, pureed tomato, toasted breadcrumbs, and crushed almonds. In Venice, sardines in saor is an antipasto that consists of sardine steaks marinated in white wine, raisins, and vinegar, subsequently covered in flour and fried in olive oil, then garnished with parsley, onions, crushed almonds, and raisins.
Japan
See also Tatami iwashi
Morocco
Morocco is the largest canned sardine exporter in the world and the leading supplier of sardines to the European market. Sardines represent more than 62% of the Moroccan fish catch and account for 91% of raw material usage in the domestic canning industry. Some 600,000 tonnes of fresh sardines are processed each year by the industry. Famous Moroccan recipes include Moroccan fried stuffed sardines and Moroccan sardine balls in spicy tomato sauce.
Norway
Until the discovery of oil fields in the fishing areas, sardine canning was the main activity of the city of Stavanger. Today, only a sardine museum remains among the refineries in Stavanger.
Peru
Peru has a long history of direct human consumption of Engraulis ringens and other sardines, reaching into ancient cultures, including Chimú culture, Paracas culture, Pachacamac, and most importantly the oldest known civilization in the Americas, the Caral-Supe civilization, which was based almost completely on E. ringens consumption. Nonetheless, since the 1950s, the overwhelming destination for captured E. ringens (anchoveta or Peruvian sardine) has been as the principal input for reduction fishery in the production of fishmeal and fish oil, with minuscule quantities destined for direct human consumption. Due to a combination of environmental and regulatory effects, since 2000, the Peruvian catch has ranged from 9.58 million metric tons (MT) to a low of 5.35 million MT, with the reported 2009 catch concluding at 5.35 million MT. In recent years, direct human consumption (local and for export) has reached about 110,000 MT (about 2% of catch) due to evangelical promotion of health, environmental, and economic benefits, such as Mistura 2010, coupled with government and NGO activities, e.g. www.anchoveta.info, and private-sector offers from local supermarkets.
Portugal
Sardines play an important role in Portuguese cuisine and culture. Historically a people who depend heavily on the sea for food and commerce, the Portuguese have a predilection for fish in their popular festivities. The most important is Saint Anthony's day, June 13, when Portugal's biggest popular festival takes place in Lisbon, where grilled sardines are the snack of choice. Almost every place in Portugal, from Figueira da Foz to Portalegre, from Póvoa de Varzim to Olhão, has the summertime tradition of eating grilled sardines (sardinhas assadas).
Spain
In the Timanfaya Volcanic National Park on Lanzarote in the Canary Islands, a popular tourist snack is freshly caught sardines grilled over the heat from a volcanic vent. On the Atlantic coast, fried sardines are commonly served as tapas with drinks or as the first course of a meal. On the Mediterranean coast, grilling is more common.
Turkey
Sardines (sardalya in Turkish), a delicacy in Turkish cuisine, are very commonly found in fish markets throughout coastal western regions of Turkey. They are generally prepared grilled or steamed in ovens, most commonly served as a main course alongside alcoholic beverages, most notably rakı, the archetypal Turkish liquor. Particularly in the Gallipoli peninsula and in the Aegean region of Turkey, sardines are oven-cooked rolled in grape leaves. They are also canned especially in factories in coastal cities such as İstanbul, Gelibolu, Çanakkale, Bandırma, Karadeniz Ereğli, Ordu, and Trabzon.
United States
In the United States, the sardine canning industry peaked in the 1950s. Since then, the industry has been on the decline. The last large sardine cannery in the United States, the Stinson Seafood plant in Prospect Harbor, Maine, closed its doors on April 15, 2010, after 135 years in operation. During the COVID-19 pandemic, sardines and other tinned fish enjoyed a resurgence, including the establishment of boutique manufacturers.
See also
Cannery row, Monterey, California
List of smoked foods
Sardine, an article on the fish
References
External links
Sardines - Seafood Watch, Monterey Bay Aquarium
Clupeidae
Commercial fish
Oily fish
Smoked fish
Portuguese cuisine
Colin Cameron McVicar (3 June 1916 – 17 February 1987) was a New Zealand cricketer who played five matches of first-class cricket for Central Districts between January 1951 and January 1952.
An opening batsman, Colin McVicar made their first-class debut at the age of 34 in Central Districts' second match in the 1950-51 season. It was also Central Districts' debut season, and they had lost their first match, but this time, playing for the first time at home, they won, defeating Canterbury at Fitzherbert Park in Palmerston North. In a low-scoring match McVicar top-scored in the first innings with 42 and took three catches in Canterbury's first innings. Central Districts also won their next match, another low-scoring match, McVicar making 29 and 40. In subsequent matches they were less successful with the bat, and lost their spot after five matches.
McVicar had already had a long and successful career for Manawatu in the Hawke Cup during Manawatu's period of dominance from 1934-35 to 1946-47. They were the competition's leading run-scorer in 1937-38, 1945-46 and 1946-47. The Colin McVicar Trust supported the Manawatu Cricket Association until 2008, when the trust's money was transferred to the Manawatu Cricket Investment Fund.
McVicar served with the New Zealand Army in World War II and was taken prisoner in 1942. Their brother Stuart also played first-class cricket, and their father Alec was a stalwart for Manawatu for more than 20 years. The practice facilities at Fitzherbert Park are named after the McVicar family.
References
External links
1916 births
1987 deaths
Cricketers from Palmerston North
New Zealand cricketers
Central Districts cricketers
New Zealand military personnel of World War II
2010 Thespa Kusatsu season
Competitions
Player statistics
Other pages
J. League official site
Thespa Kusatsu
Thespakusatsu Gunma seasons
All Out is a global not-for-profit organisation that is focused on political advocacy for the human rights of lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender/-sexual, queer/questioning, intersex, asexual/aromantic and all others in LGBTQIA+ communities. It was first established in 2010 as a program of Purpose Foundation, later becoming its own legal entity, Purpose Action, and finally All Out Action Fund, Inc. in 2014.
All Out's goal is to bring the power of people beyond geographical barriers to express their solidarity and be a positive force on the side of LGBTQIA+ people.
Campaigns
In February 2014, All Out held demonstrations against the Olympic sponsors in nineteen cities to urge the sponsors to speak more forcefully against the law, including many of the protests against Coca-Cola, demanding that “[a]t the very least, they should speak out, consistently with their own values” (referring to "good record on gay rights" in the United States).
#GayIsOk was a campaign started by Lush cosmetics, backed up by All Out. The campaign raised £275,000 for the LGBT community.
When the Google Translate tool translated the word 'gay' to offensive terms, the former Executive Director of All Out, Andre Banks, launched a petition calling for Google to make the necessary changes, gathering over 52,000 signatures for the campaign.
In 2012, All Out took down a petition aimed at shooting back against anti-gay boycott groups placing pressure on EA due to gay characters included in the game publisher's titles. The page was hit by spam attacks that came from different IP addresses. This was later sorted by removing the spam comments and updating the signature count on the All Out's campaign page.
Following the rise of anti-gay rhetoric and violence coupled with the declaration of LGBT-free zones in Poland, Polish LGBT community members have stated that they feel unsafe. All out launched a campaign to counter the attacks, some 10,000 people signing a petition shortly after the campaign launch.
See also
List of LGBT-related organizations and conferences
References
International LGBT organizations
International LGBT political advocacy groups
2012 establishments in the United States
Wagad Mogadishu () is a Somali football club based in Mogadishu, Somalia which currently plays in Somali Second Division the second division of Somali Football.
Stadium
Currently the team plays at the 15,000 capacity Banadir Stadia.
Honours
Somalia League
Champion (4): 1982, 1985, 1987, 1988
References
External links
Team profile - scoreshelf.com
Football clubs in Somalia
Giacomo Mignanelli (died 1576) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Grosseto (1553–1576).
Biography
On 2 October 1553, Giacomo Mignanelli was appointed during the papacy of Pope Julius III as Bishop of Grosseto.
They served as Bishop of Grosseto until their death in 1576.
References
External links and additional sources
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
16th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Bishops appointed by Pope Julius III
Bishops of Grosseto
1576 deaths
"Frederick and Catherine" (also called "Freddy and Katy Lizzy") is a German fairy tale collected by the Brothers Grimm in Grimm's Fairy Tales, number 59.
It combines several Aarne-Thompson types: 1387, A Woman Draws Beer in the Cellar; 1385*, A Woman Loses Them Husband's Money; 1291B, A Fool Greeses the Cracked Earth with Butter; 1291, Sending One Cheese After Another; 1653A, Securing the Door; 1653, The Robbers under the Tree; 1383, A Woman Does Not Know Herself; and 1791, Dividing Up the Dead.
Synopsis
Frederick and Catherine were husband and wife. They left to do their work. They started to fry a sausage and thought they could get a beer while it cooked. In the cellar, drawing it, they realized the dog was loose and might eat the sausage, but the dog had already done so, and they chased it but could not catch it. Meanwhile, the keg of beer emptied itself into the cellar. To hide this, they used flour they bought at a fair to dry it. Frederick was furious hearing this.
Frederick had some gold, told their wife it was counters for games, and hid it in the house. Peddlars came by and Catherine offered them the counters. When Frederick found out, they set out in chase, and Catherine, falling behind, felt pity for the ruts in the road and smeared butter for their hurts. When a cheese rolled out of their pocket, they sent another to fetch it back, and then all the rest! Frederick sent them back to get food. They brought back dried pears, vinegar, and the door (to keep it secure). They were caught in a tree with robbers underneath. They had to let go of these things one by one: the thieves thought the pears were leaves, the vinegar dew, and the door the devil itself, which made them flee. They get their gold back in the morning and went home.
Catherine went out to cut the grain and cut all their clothing to pieces until they did not know herself.
Catherine saw some thieves and offered to help them. When they agreed, they went about calling for people who wanted to be robbed.
Catherine went to pull up beets in the pastor's garden, but looked so stranger than someone told the pastor that the devil was in their garden. This person helped the lame pastor there, but at the sight of her, they ran off, and the lame pastor could run faster than the man who helped him.
References
Grimms' Fairy Tales
Literary duos
ATU 1200-1349
ATU 1350-1439
ATU 1640-1674
ATU 1725-1849
Raimona National Park is located in extreme western part of Assam, India. It is spread across Gossaigaon and Kokrajhar subdivisions of Kokrajhar district of BTR.
History
It was declared a National Park on 5 June 2021 by the announcement of Assam's Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma on the occasion of World Environment Day at Gandhi Mandap, Guwahati. On 9th June 2021; it became as National Park through an Assam Gazette Notification no.FRW.02/2021/27 dtd. 8th June 2021. It is a part of a contiguous forest patch with an area of covering the northern part of the notified Ripu Reserve Forest (), which forms the westernmost buffer to Manas Tiger Reserve in the foothills of Eastern Himalaya Biodiversity Hotspot.The present Raimona National Park was originally recommended as Ripu-Chirang Wildlife Sanctuary being part of Ripu reserved forest and Chirang reserved forest being adjacent a part of it was also mooted to be within. Those were made owing to its significance for conservation of Asian elephants, gaur or Indian "bison" and golden langur, all of which have large populations in the area.It is also part of Chirang-Ripu Elephant Reserve.
Description
The boundary of Raimona National Park is marked by the Sankosh River on the west, along the inter-state boundary of West Bengal and Assam from Indo-Bhutan border up to fire line Ride-6 southwards (BP30) and Saralbhanga River on the east, runs northwards till it touches the Indo-Bhutan international boundary on the north and remaining part of Ripu Reserve Forest on the south. The southern boundary runs eastwards along the fire line Ride-6 up to Pekua River where it runs at 90 degrees southwards till it meets the fire line Ride-3.
The area is located along the Himalayan foothills and together with Phibsoo Wildlife Sanctuary of Bhutan and Buxa Tiger Reserve of West Bengal forms a fairly large trans-boundary conservation landscape of more than .
Biodiversity
Raimona National Park is famous for golden langur, an endemic species (with Bhutan) which has been named as the mascot of Bodoland region. It also has Asian elephant, Bengal tiger, clouded leopard, gaur, chital, four to five species of hornbills, more than 150 species of butterflies, 170 species of birds, 380 varieties of plants and orchids. It is already on the global map for being an important bird and biodiversity area.
Wildlife
Fauna
Being a moist deciduous and semi-evergreen forest, this National Park is rich in biodiversity. It has four non-human primates, slow loris, Assamese macaque, Rhesus monkey and capped langur. Other noteworthy mammals found in this national park includes Chinese pangolin, dhole or Asian wild dog, Himalayan black bear, crab-eating mongoose, jungle cat, leopard cat, Asian golden cat, Bengal tiger, leopard, clouded leopard, Asian elephant, gaur, Himalayan serow, sambar, chital, hog deer, barking deer, crestless Himalayan porcupine and hispid hare.
Avifauna
Raimona forest harbours more than 260 bird species. Avifauna includes critically endangered white-bellied heron, swamp francolin, kaleej pheasant, grey peacock pheasant, Indian peafowl, Oriental darter, lesser adjutant, collared falconet, slender-billed vulture, white-backed vulture, besra, black baza, Jerdon's baza, osprey, Bengal florican, now perhaps extirpated, ibisbill, green imperial pigeon, mountain imperial pigeon, red-breasted parakeet, great pied hornbill, occasional rufous-necked and grey hornbills, wreathed hornbill, hill myna and scaly thrush.
References
National parks in Assam
Kokrajhar district
A bacillus (), also called a bacilliform bacterium or often just a rod (when the context makes the sense clear), is a rod-shaped bacterium or archaeon. Bacilli are found in many different taxonomic groups of bacteria. However, the name Bacillus, capitalized and italicized, refers to a specific genus of bacteria. The name Bacilli, capitalized but not italicized, can also refer to a less specific taxonomic group of bacteria that includes two orders, one of which contains the genus Bacillus. When the word is formatted with lowercase and not italicized, 'bacillus', it will most likely be referring to shape and not to the genus at all. Bacilliform bacteria are also often simply called rods when the bacteriologic context is clear.
Bacilli usually divide in the same plane and are solitary, but can combine to form diplobacilli, streptobacilli, and palisades.
Diplobacilli: Two bacilli arranged side by side with each other.
Streptobacilli: Bacilli arranged in chains.
Coccobacillus: Oval and similar to coccus (circular shaped bacterium).
There is no connection between the shape of a bacterium and its color upon Gram staining; there are both gram-positive rods and gram-negative rods. MacConkey agar can be used to distinguish among gram-negative bacilli such as E. coli and salmonella.
Gram-positive examples
Actinomyces
Bacillus
Clostridium
Corynebacterium
Listeria
Propionibacterium
Gram-negative examples
Bacteroides
Citrobacter
Enterobacter
Escherichia
Klebsiella
Pseudomonas
Proteus
Salmonella
Serratia
Shigella
Vibrio
Yersinia
Bacteria
Gerard Thomas Goalen (16 December 1918 – 2 January 1999) was a British architect who specialised in church architecture and was influenced by continental models and the Liturgical Movement. They were one of the most important architects of the Catholic Modernist movement in the United Kingdom during the 20th century.
Personal life
Goalen was born in Birkenhead, then part of Cheshire, in December 1918. They attended Douai School before going on to study at the University of Liverpool's School of Architecture, where they produced a final year thesis project on a modern pilgrimage church. Goalen had one son, John Martin Goalen (born 1946), who is also an architect.
Church architecture
Goalen is regarded as one of the key British architects of the Roman Catholic Liturgical Movement in the UK that resulted in a large number of new modernist RC churches being built, and other churches being reordered. A group of architects that included Gillespie, Kidd & Coia, Gerard Goalen, Francis Pollen, Desmond Williams and Austin Winkley, utilised contemporary design and construction methods to deliver the ‘noble simplicity' instructed by Vatican I. Goalen explained how they began building churches.
While working as Senior Architect for Harlow New Town Development Corporation, they were recommended for the task of building a new Catholic Church to the parish priest Francis Burgess by the architect-planner Frederick Gibberd. Both the Catholic Church and the town's planners wanted to create a landmark building, and Gibberd believed that Goalen's previous experience in the town would help them create a building that fitted with the overall aims of the redevelopment
. This led to their first church commission – Our Lady of Fatima, Harlow, which led to Goalen being able to set up in private practice and build and reorder more churches.
Goalen is seen as an influential Modernist and four of their churches are now listed:
Our Lady of Fatima, Harlow (Grade II listed, 1958)
Church of Good Shepherd, Nottingham (Grade II* listed, 1962)
The Church of St Gregory the Great, South Ruislip (Grade II listed, 1965)
St Thomas More, Maresfield Gardens (Grade II listed, 1968)
Our Lady of Fatima
Our Lady of Fatima, Harlow, is a Grade II listed Roman Catholic Church designed by Gerard Goalen in 1953-4. The brief was for a church that could hold 500 parishioners, set as close as possible to a free-standing altar. The sanctuary was to be generously sized. Goalen was recommended for the job by their boss at Harlow New Town Development, Frederick Gibberd. Building started in 1958 and was completed in 1960. The church is built in reinforced concrete and Surrey stock bricks. The roof is clad in copper, with concrete and asphalt for the aisles. The 84-foot central spire is made of plywood sheathed in copper.
Goalen also designed the tabernacle and high altar candlesticks and cross. A model of the church was exhibited at the Royal Academy in 1956 and the church was extremely influential. Proctor and Gillick argued that the liturgical movement was a significant influence in this church and that was also closely related to the egalitarian social aims of post-war modern urban planning in Harlow.
The church cost £60,000 to build, and the Catholic Review noted it owed much "to the generosity of Fr. Burgess's parents". It was one of the first post-war churches to break away from the traditional longitudinal plan, being T-shaped, with the sanctuary at the central crossing. The church's reinforced concrete frame allows for large areas of dalle de verre by Dom Charles Norris, an early use of this medium. The church was extremely influential, with Andrew Derrick crediting it with influencing Frederick Gibberd's winning entry for Liverpool Metropolitan Cathedral.
The building was not without its critics. The architect Robert Maguire, writing in the Ecclesiology Today (Issue 27, January 2002) commented: "Gerard Goalen's 'T'-shaped church of Our Lady of Fatima at Harlow, resplendent with its Buckfast Abbey glass. My only serious criticism of this – and it is serious – is that God's Holy People are divided, like All Gaul, into three parts."
It closed in 2001–2005 in order for £500,000 of repairs to be made to the glass in its walls. In December 2017 it was reported in the local press that the church had to be closed while repairs were made to the spire. It had previously had to close for work to be carried out on its concrete infrastructure.
Church of Good Shepherd, Nottingham
The Church of the Good Shepherd, Nottingham is a Roman Catholic church located on Thackerays Lane in Woodthorpe, a suburban area of Arnold, Nottingham. It is a Grade II* listed building. The church was opened on 23 July 1964 and celebrated its Golden Jubilee in 2014. Goalen designed it in a modern style and won an award from the Royal Institute of British Architects in 1966. The dalle de verre stained glass is by Patrick Reyntiens, who Goalen had previously worked with at Our Lady of Fatima, Harlow.
In 2012, the church was awarded £119,000 by English Heritage to resolve issues with concrete fatigue and reinforcement decay, which was eroding the fabric of the building.
St Gregory the Great
The Grade II listed Roman Catholic Church of St Gregory the Great, South Ruislip, London was designed by Goalen in 1965. A model of the scheme was exhibited at the Royal Academy in 1965. The church is little altered since it was first built and retains its principal fixtures, fittings and finishes. It features a forward sanctuary contained within an elongated oval plan. The church is built using a concrete frame construction, and is faced with brown brick. The roof is not visible. There is some high-quality stained and dalle de verre glass. The porch is spanned by a sculptural panel in bronze.
Paraphrasing Goalen's talk to parishioners on the completion of the church, Robert Proctor, Senior Lecturer in the Department of Architecture & Civil Engineering
Centre for Advanced Studies in Architecture (CASA), University of Bath states: "He [Goalen] explained that two principles of modern architecture had informed their work: the design of spaces according to function and the ‘honest employment of modern methods of building".
The building contains work by Patrick Reyntiens, Steven Sykes, Dom Charles Norris and Willi Soukop. Proctor notes: "Martin Goalen told me that their father found [the parish priest] Dayer the perfect client and that they regarded this church as their best church and I would not disagree".
St Gabriel, Islington
St Gabriel, Islington was designed in 1966 by Gerard Goalen to seat 500–600. It is built from dark grey brick, with a concrete and aluminium roof. The walls were designed to be windowless to shut out road traffic noise. Goalen also built the adjoining two-storey presbytery and a two-storey community centre.
Around 1981, Gerard Goalen & Partner converted the baptistery into a meeting room (now the sacristy).
The church was later reordered by Carmel Cauchi, who altered the sanctuary steps, plastered the walls (which were originally exposed brick), enclosed the deep coffers of the ceiling, and provided new sanctuary furnishings. At some point the original configuration of the crying chapel, and the organ and choir which used to flank the sanctuary was altered.
St Mary the Immaculate, Grantham
A Roman Catholic church in Grantham, Lincolnshire that was built in 1832 by E.J. Willson and substantially rebuilt by Goalen in 1964-5. Goalen removed the north wall and extended in that direction. The old sanctuary became the baptistery and the entrance was moved to its present position. A ‘crying' corridor was introduced on the south side of the church.
St Ann's Nottingham, Our Lady and St Edward
In 1966 Goalen completed the sanctuary, which was built as part of the contract for the new friary buildings. The single storey friary buildings are of pale brick with a shallow pitched felt-covered roofs, arranged around a central cloister that contains a small rectangular pond.
St Joseph, Retford
St Joseph's Retford, Nottinghamshire was designed by E Bower Norris in modern Romanesque design, incorporating Art Deco elements. It opened in 1959 and in 1968 was re-ordered by Goalen to comply with the recommendations of Vatican II. During the re-order, Goalen commissioned a large Christus Resurrexit for the sanctuary wall by Steven Sykes, with whom they had collaborated previously.
St Thomas More, Maresfield Gardens
The Roman Catholic Church of St Thomas More is in Maresfield Gardens, Swiss Cottage, London. The building was designed in 1968 to replace an existing 1938 building which had been the studio of society portrait painter Philip de László (1869–1937). The current building is built in dark brown brick with exposed concrete-framed clerestory and roof structure. It also uses Portland stone, Tinos marble, Travertine fixtures and fittings. The building was designed to maximise accommodation on a restricted site and to comply with the liturgical developments of the Second Vatican Council. The building has seating for 700 people, whilst ensuring that no-one is more than 40 feet from the altar. The consultant engineers were Ove Arup and Partners, and the contractors were John Murphy and Sons. (information from the Solemn Opening and Blessing booklet, 1969)
St Thomas More continues to develop ideas from Goalen's earlier buildings such as the church of Our Lady of Fatima, Harlow, Essex (1958, listed Grade II), the Church of the Good Shepherd, Woodthorpe, Nottinghamshire (1962, listed Grade II*), and the Church of St Gregory the Great, South Ruislip (1965, listed Grade II).
Goalen's design survives relatively intact, with only minor changes in layout. It contains abstract stained glass by Whitefriars Studios and a statue of St Anthony by renowned ecclesiastical sculptor David John.
St James, Harlow
1969
Our Lady and St Christopher, Cranford
A 1970 design by Goalen that combines worship and social spaces within a single light grey brick building. The buildings lie within the Cranford Village Conservation Area.
Our Lady and the English Martyrs Church
The Church of Our Lady and the English Martyrs is an English Roman Catholic parish church located at the junction of Hills Road and Lensfield Road in south east Cambridge. It is a large Gothic Revival church built between 1885 and 1890. The church is a Grade II* listed building.
To bring the sanctuary in line with the liturgical directives resulting from the Second Vatican Council (1962–1965), its design and re-ordering was undertaken by Goalen. On 7 April 1973, Charles Grant, the Bishop of Northampton, consecrated the present central altar. The original high altar has subsequently been used mainly for reservation of the Blessed Sacrament.
Holy Trinity with St Augustin, Leytonstone
A regeneration programme in the borough meant the demolition of the two Anglican churches in Leytonstone, the sale of the sites being used to fund the construction of a new church, the Holy Trinity with St Augustin (1973). The new church was designed to fit in with the regenerated Cathall Estate and is known locally as ‘the cube'.
St Francis of Assisi, Stratford
In around 1978 the sacristy of St Francis of Assisi Church, Stratford, London, was adapted under the direction of Gerald Goalen & Partner. The altar was made moveable to allow the room to be used for meetings; a bronze and resin crucifix by David John was suspended over its normal position. Other furnishings in the chapel, including stained glass clerestory windows, were designed by the architects.
Other buildings
University Chaplaincy Centre, Cambridge
1976
Parish hall, adjoining St Joseph and the English Martyrs, Bishop's Stortford
In 1965 Goalen designed a new parish hall for land to the rear of St Joseph and the English Martyrs, Bishop's Stortford. This was extended by the addition of a clubroom in 1972.
Publications
A Golden Decade, Gerard Goalen, 12 September 1969. The Catholic Herald .
Making The Best Use of Our Architects, Gerard Goalen, 3 March 1967. The Catholic Herald .
The Parish and its involvement in Church Building: Sacred or Profane, Gerard Goalen, 27 September 1968. The Catholic Herald.
Building the Modern Church: Roman Catholic Church Architecture in Britain, 1955 to 1975, Robert Proctor, Ashgate/Routledge, 2014
Goalen, G, A Place for the Celebration of Mass
'Liturgical Arts' in Liturgical Arts, (1961)
Goalen, G, 'Church Buildings Today' in The House Of God, (Oct 1960)
Harwood, E, 'Twentieth Century Society Journal' in Liturgy and Architecture, , Vol. 3, (no.3 1998), 68–71
References
1918 births
1999 deaths
20th-century English architects
Alumni of the University of Liverpool
English ecclesiastical architects
Modernist architecture
People educated at Douai School
Architects of the Liturgical Movement
Richardsville is an unincorporated community in Warren County, in the U.S. state of Kentucky.
History
A post office opened at Richardsville in 1872. The community was named after Thomas Richards, an early settler.
References
Unincorporated communities in Warren County, Kentucky
Unincorporated communities in Kentucky
King's Road or Kings Road (or sometimes the King's Road, especially when it was the king's private road until 1830, or as a colloquialism by middle/upper class London residents), is a major street stretching through Chelsea and Fulham, both in west London. It is associated with 1960s style and with fashion figures such as Mary Quant and Vivienne Westwood. Sir Oswald Mosley's Blackshirt movement had a barracks on the street in the 1930s.
Location
King's Road runs for just under through Chelsea, in the Royal Borough of Kensington & Chelsea, from Sloane Square in the east (on the border with Belgravia and Knightsbridge) and through the Chelsea Design Quarter (Moore Park Estate) on the border of Chelsea and Fulham. Shortly after crossing Stanley Bridge the road passes a slight kink at the junction with Waterford Road, where it then becomes New King's Road, continuing to Fulham High Street and Putney Bridge; its western end is in the London Borough of Hammersmith & Fulham.
History
King's Road derives its name from its function as a private road used by King Charles II to travel to Kew. It remained a private royal road until 1830, but people with connections were able to use it. Some houses date from the early 18th century. No. 213 has a blue plaque to film director Sir Carol Reed, who lived there from 1948 until their death in 1976. Thomas Arne lived at No. 215 and is believed to have composed "Rule Britannia" there. Ellen Terry lived in the same house from 1904 to 1920, and also Peter Ustinov; the house is commemorated by a blue plaque also. Photographer Christina Broom was born in 1862 at No. 8.
The world's first artificial ice rink, the Glaciarium, opened just off King's Road in 1876, and later that year it relocated to a building on the street.
During the 1960s the street became a symbol of mod culture, evoking "an endless frieze of mini-skirted, booted, fair-haired angular angels", one magazine later wrote. Mary Quant opened their boutique BAZAAR at 138a King's Road in 1955. King's Road was home in that decade to the Chelsea Drugstore (originally a chemist with a stylised chrome-and-neon soda fountain upstairs, later a public house, and more recently a McDonald's), and in the 1970s to Malcolm McLaren's boutique Let It Rock, which was renamed SEX in 1974, and then Seditionaries in 1977. During the hippie and punk eras it was a centre for counterculture, but has since been gentrified. It serves as Chelsea's high street and has a reputation for being one of London's most fashionable shopping streets. Other celebrated boutiques included Granny Takes a Trip.
484 King's Road was the headquarters of Swan Song Records, owned by Led Zeppelin. The company was closed and the building vacated in 1983. King's Road was the site of the first UK branch of Starbucks, which opened in 1999.
In 1984 Keith Wainwright, a pioneer responsible for starting one of the first men's hairdressers catering for the longer men's styles of the time, with such clients including Roy Wood, The Move, Cat Stevens, The Walker Brothers and Elton John, opened the salon "Smile", at 434 Kings Road.
535 King's Road was the headquarters of Cube Records, an independent record label of the late 1960s and early 1970s. The label folded in the mid-1970s, becoming part of Elektra Records. The building has since been demolished but the new building on the same site still houses a record company.
In popular culture
The road has been represented in popular culture on various occasions: "King's Road" is the title of a song by Tom Petty & the Heartbreakers from the 1981 album Hard Promises and is name-checked in the song "Dick a Dum Dum (King's Road)" which was a hit for Des O'Connor in 1969. In Ian Fleming's novels, James Bond lives in an unspecified fashionable square just off King's Road.
In the 1960s radio series Round the Horne, in the 'Jules and Sandy' section, their establishment (named 'Bona...'), is often located in the King's Road (for example, Bona Books in series 4).
Pet Shop Boys met in an electronics shop on King's Road in August 1981.
Planning and transport
Planning
The eastern part of King's Road is identified in the London Plan as one of 35 major centres in Greater London. King's Road is part of A3217.
Bus
Buses 11, 19, 22, 49, 211, 319, 328, and C3 all go down King's Road, yet most of these turn off the street at one point or another. The 11 and the 22 are the only routes which run the entirety of King's Road, with the 22 being the only route that runs all the way from Sloane Square to the end of New King's Road in Fulham.
Rail and tube
The western end of King's Road is close to Imperial Wharf railway station on the London Overground network, with connections to Willesden Junction and Clapham Junction. Southern also run direct rail services to and from this station. At the eastern end of the street is Sloane Square, and Fulham Broadway lies at the western end, on the boundary between Chelsea and Fulham. King's Road, and the area of Chelsea as a whole, is known for having poor links to the London Underground. Due to this, the route of Crossrail 2 is proposed to have an underground station in this area, called King's Road Chelsea.
River
Chelsea Harbour Pier is also within easy reach of the western end of King's Road, with river bus services provided by London River Services and Thames Executive Charters to Putney and Blackfriars. Further east, the same services are also provided at Cadogan Pier, only a few blocks south of King's Road near the Albert Bridge.
See also
213 and 215 Kings Road
190 New King's Road
Carlyle Square
Markham Square
Mallord Street
King's Highway (disambiguation)
Sloane Ranger
World's End, Chelsea
List of eponymous roads in London
Fulham
Parsons Green
Sands End
References
External links
Audio Walking Tour of King's Road
King's Road London – Local news, community and shopping – kingsroadlondon.com
Shopping streets in London
Streets in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea
Streets in the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham
History of the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham
Youth culture in the United Kingdom
Major centres of London
Chelsea, London
Fulham
King's Road, Chelsea, London
Edmund Valentine White III (born 1940) is an American novelist, memoirist, playwright, biographer and an essayist on literary and social topics. Since 1999 they have been a professor at Princeton University. France made them (and later ) de l'Ordre des Arts et des Lettres in 1993.
White's books include The Joy of Gay Sex, written with Charles Silverstein (1977); their trilogy of semi-autobiographic novels, A Boy's Own Story (1982), The Beautiful Room Is Empty (1988) and The Farewell Symphony (1997); and their biography of Jean Genet. Much of their writing is on the theme of same-sex love.
White has also written biographies of three French writers: Jean Genet, Marcel Proust and Arthur Rimbaud.  They are the namesake of the Edmund White Award for Debut Fiction, awarded annually by Publishing Triangle.
Early life and education
Edmund Valentine White mostly grew up in Chicago, Illinois. They attended Cranbrook School in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan, as a boy. Afterward, they studied Chinese at the University of Michigan, graduating in 1962.
Incestuous feelings colored their early family life. Their mother, for instance, was sexually attracted to him. White, moreover, spoke of their own attraction to their father: "I think with my father they were somebody who every eye in the family was focused on and they were a sort of tyrant and nice-looking, the source of all power, money, happiness, and they were implacable and difficult. They were always spoken of in sexual terms, in the sense they left our mother for a much younger woman who was very sexy but had nothing else going for them They were a famous womanizer. And they slept with my sister!" They have also stated: "Writing has always been my recourse when I've tried to make sense of my experience or when it's been very painful. When I was 15 years old, I wrote my first (unpublished) novel about being gay, at a time when there were no other gay novels. So I was really inventing a genre, and it was a way of administering a therapy to myself, I suppose."
White was present at the Stonewall Inn in 1969 when the Stonewall uprising began. They later wrote, "Ours may have been the first funny revolution. When someone shouted 'Gay is good' in imitation of 'Black is beautiful', we all laughed; at that moment we went from seeing ourselves as a mental illness to thinking we were a minority".
White declined admission to Harvard University's Chinese doctoral program in favor of following a lover to New York. There they freelanched for Newsweek and spent seven years working as a staffer at Time-Life Books. After briefly relocating to Rome, San Francisco, and then returning to New York, they were briefly employed as an editor for the Saturday Review when the magazine was based in San Francisco in the early 1970s; after the magazine folded in 1973, White returned to New York to edit Horizon (a quarterly cultural journal) and freelance as a writer and editor for entities, including Time-Life and The New Republic.
Personal life
White identifies as gay and is also an atheist, though they were reared as a Christian Scientist. They discovered they were HIV-positive in 1985. However, they are a "non-progressor", one of the small percentage of cases that have not led to AIDS.  They are in a long-term open relationship with the American writer Michael Carroll, living with them from 1995 onward.
In June 2012, Carroll reported that White was making a "remarkable" recovery after suffering two strokes in previous months. They have also had a heart attack.
Influences
In their 2005 memoir My Lives, White cites Jean Genet, Marcel Proust and André Gide as influences, writing: "they convinced me that homosexuality was crucial to the development of the modern novel because it led to a resurrection of love, a profound scepticism about the naturalness of gender roles and a revival of the classical tradition of same-sex love that dominated Western poetry and prose until the birth of Christ".
Their favorite living writers in the early 1970s were Vladimir Nabokov and Christopher Isherwood.
Literary career
White wrote books and plays while a youth, including one unpublished novel titled Mrs Morrigan.
Much of White's work draws on their experience of being gay. Their debut novel, Forgetting Elena (1973), set on an island, can be read as commenting on gay culture in a coded manner. The Russian-American novelist Vladimir Nabokov called it "a marvelous book". Written with their psychotherapist Charles Silverstein, The Joy of Gay Sex (1977) made them known to a wider readership. It is celebrated for its sex-positive tone. Their next novel, Nocturnes for the King of Naples (1978) was explicitly gay-themed and drew on their own life.
From 1980 to 1981, White was a member of a gay writers' group, The Violet Quill, which met briefly during that period, and included Andrew Holleran and Felice Picano. White's autobiographic works are frank and unapologetic about their promiscuity and their HIV-positive status.
In 1980, they brought out States of Desire, a survey of some aspects of gay life in America. In 1982, they helped found the group Gay Men's Health Crisis in New York City. In the same year appeared White's best-known work, A Boy's Own Story — the first volume of an autobiographic-fiction series, continuing with The Beautiful Room Is Empty (1988) and The Farewell Symphony (1997), describing stages in the life of a gay man from boyhood to middle age. Several characters in the latter novel are recognizably based on well-known people from White's New York-centered literary and artistic milieu.
From 1983 to 1990 White lived in France. They moved there initially for one year in 1983 via the Guggenheim Fellowship for writing they had received, but took such a liking to Paris "with its drizzle, as cool, grey and luxurious as chinchilla," (as they described it in their autobiographical novel The Farewell Symphony) that they stayed there for longer. French philosopher Michel Foucault invited them for dinner on several occasions, though they dismissed White's concerns about HIV/AIDS (Foucault would die of the illness shortly afterward). In 1984 in Paris, shortly after discovering they were HIV-positive, White joined the French HIV/AIDS organisation, AIDES. During this period, they brought out their novel, Caracole (1985), which centres on heterosexual relationships. But they also maintained an interest in France and French literature, writing biographies of Jean Genet, Marcel Proust and Arthur Rimbaud. They published Genet: a biography (1993), Our Paris: sketches from memory (1995), Marcel Proust (1998), The Flaneur: a stroll through the paradoxes of Paris (2000) and Rimbaud (2008). They spent seven years writing the biography of Genet.
White came back to the United States in 1997. The Married Man, a novel published in 2000, is gay-themed and draws on White's life. Fanny: A Fiction (2003) is a historical novel about novelist Frances Trollope and social reformer Frances Wright in early 19th-century America. White's 2006 play Terre Haute (produced in New York City in 2009) portrays discussions that take place when a prisoner, based on terrorist bomber Timothy McVeigh, is visited by a writer based on Gore Vidal. (In real life McVeigh and Vidal corresponded but did not meet.)
In 2005 White published their autobiography, My Lives — organised by theme rather than chronology — and in 2009 their memoir of New York life in the 1960s and 1970s, City Boy.
White themselves was the subject of a biography by Stephen Barber. Their response to the book was that Barber "had a very romantic vision of me. It was very flattering. They painted me as a brooding figure. I see myself as much more self-mocking and satirical. I just skimmed that biography. As Genet put it, I didn't want to end up resembling myself".
From 1999 onwards, White became professor of creative writing in Princeton University's Lewis Center for the Arts.
Awards and honors
White has received numerous awards and distinctions. Recipient of the inaugural Bill Whitehead Award for Lifetime Achievement from Publishing Triangle in 1989, they are also the namesake of the organization's Edmund White Award for Debut Fiction.
In 2014, Edmund White was presented with the Bonham Centre Award from the Mark S. Bonham Centre for Sexual Diversity Studies, University of Toronto, for their contributions to the advancement and education of issues around sexual identification.
1983: Guggenheim Fellowship for Creative Arts
1988: Lambda Literary Award, for The Beautiful Room Is Empty
1989: Bill Whitehead Award for Lifetime Achievement
1992: Lambda Literary Award nomination, for Faber Book of Gay Short Fiction
1993: David R. Kessler Award in LGBTQ Studies, CLAGS: The Center for LGBTQ Studies
1993: National Book Critics Circle Award for Biography, for Genet
1993: (and later ) de l'Ordre des Arts et des Lettres
1994: Pulitzer Prize for Biography or Autobiography nomination, for Genet: A Biography
1994: Lambda Literary Award, for Genet: A Biography
1996: Member, American Academy of Arts and Letters
1996: Lambda Literary Award nomination, for Our Paris
1998: Lambda Literary Award nomination, for The Farewell Symphony
2001: Lambda Literary Award nomination, for The Married Man
2002: Stonewall Book Award for Loss within Loss: Artists in the Age of AIDS
2016–2018: New York State Edith Wharton Citation of Merit
2018: PEN/Saul Bellow Award for Achievement in American Fiction
2019: National Book Foundation, Lifetime Achievement Award
Works
Fiction
Forgetting Elena (1973)
Nocturnes for the King of Naples (1978) ,
A Boy's Own Story (1982) ,
Caracole (1985) ,
The Beautiful Room Is Empty (1988)
Skinned Alive: Stories (1995)
The Farewell Symphony (1997)
The Married Man (2000)
Fanny: A Fiction (2003)
Chaos: A Novella and Stories (2007)
Hotel de Dream (2007)
Jack Holmes and Their Friend (2012) ,
Our Young Man (2016) ,
A Saint from Texas (2020)
A Previous Life (2022)
Plays
Terre Haute (2006)
Nonfiction
The Joy of Gay Sex, with Charles Silverstein (1977)
States of Desire (1980)
The Burning Library: Writings on Art, Politics and Sexuality 1969–1993 (1994) ,
The Flâneur: A Stroll Through the Paradoxes of Paris (2000)
Arts and Letters (2004) ,
Sacred Monsters (2011)
Biography
Genet: A Biography (1993) ,
Marcel Proust (1998) ,
Rimbaud: The Double Life of a Rebel (2008) ,
Memoir
Our Paris: Sketches from Memory (1995)
My Lives (2005)
City Boy (2009) ,
Inside a Pearl: My Years in Paris (2014) ,
The Unpunished Vice: A Life of Reading (2018)
Anthologies
The Darker Proof: Stories from a Crisis, with Adam Mars-Jones (1988)
In Another Part of the Forest: An Anthology of Gay Short Fiction (1994)
The Art of the Story (2000)
A Fine Excess: Contemporary Literature at Play (2001)
Articles
White, Edmund. "My Women. Learning how to love them", The New Yorker, June 13, 2005. Autobiographical article excerpted from My Lives.
See also
LGBT culture in New York City
List of American novelists
List of LGBT writers
List of LGBT people from New York City
References
Further reading
Doten, Mark. "Interview with Edmund White", Bookslut, February 2007.
Fleming, Keith. "Uncle Ed". Granta 68 (Winter 1999). (A memoir by Edmund White's nephew who lived with White in the 1970s.)
Morton, Paul. (April 6, 2006) "Interview: Edmund White", EconoCulture. Retrieved April 29, 2006.
Teeman, Tim. (July 29, 2006) "Inside a mind set to explode", The Times (London). Retrieved January 9, 2007.
External links
Official website
Official webpage at Princeton
Edmund White Papers. Yale Collection of American Literature, Beinecke Rare Book and Manuscript Library.
Interview with Edmund White, Untitled Books
of Edmund White's lecture "A Man's Own Story," delivered at the Key West Literary Seminar, January 2008
Transcript of interview with Ramona Koval on The Book Show, ABC Radio National November 7, 2007
White article archive and bio from The New York Review of Books
An excerpt from White's memoir City Boy
1940 births
Living people
American atheists
American expatriates in France
American gay writers
American LGBT novelists
American male biographers
American male dramatists and playwrights
American male essayists
American male novelists
American memoirists
American relationships and sexuality writers
Cranbrook Educational Community alumni
Lambda Literary Award for Gay Fiction winners
LGBT memoirists
LGBT people from Illinois
LGBT people from Michigan
LGBT people from New Jersey
LGBT people from New York (state)
LGBT people from Ohio
Members of the American Academy of Arts and Letters
Novelists from Illinois
Novelists from Michigan
Novelists from New Jersey
Novelists from New York (state)
Novelists from Ohio
People with HIV/AIDS
Princeton University faculty
20th-century American biographers
20th-century American dramatists and playwrights
20th-century American essayists
20th-century American male writers
20th-century American novelists
20th-century atheists
21st-century American biographers
21st-century American dramatists and playwrights
21st-century American essayists
21st-century American male writers
21st-century American novelists
21st-century atheists
University of Michigan alumni
Writers from Chicago
Writers from Cincinnati
Writers from New York City
Writers from Paris
The T2 Medium Tank was an American design that replaced three prototype medium tank designs started in the 1920s for an experiment conducted by the United States Army. The T2 tank never saw combat nor left prototype stages and due to lack of funds was not mass-produced with only one built in 1930 by Rock Island Arsenal. Its legacy, however, was the M2 light tank, developed into the M2 medium, and onto the M3 Lee and M4 Sherman medium tanks.
Design
Following the testing of the Medium Tank M1921 two new medium tank projects were approved in 1926, one of which was for a lighter 15 ton tank design. The first design, armed with a gun in the hull front and a smaller gun in the turret, did not progress due to lack of funding and instead the Light Tank T1E1 was used as a basis.
The design of the T2 was largely inspired by the British Vickers Medium Mark II and was later developed into the M2 light tank. When the T2 Medium Tank was built, its weight had to be reduced drastically because the US War Department had set a maximum weight of 15 tons. The T2 weighed only 14 tons when it was combat-loaded. The secondary armament was a 0.5 inch (12.7mm) machine gun and a 0.3 inch (7.62mm) machine gun at the front of the hull on the right; these were later replaced with a single 30 cal machine gun. The primary armament was a 47mm semi-automatic gun mounted on the turret and it initially had an additional 37mm cannon placed on the hull but that was abandoned in 1931. Only one T2 was produced; it is currently on display at Fort Lee, Virginia.
References
Rickard, J (13 May 2016), Medium Tank T2
Interwar tanks of the United States
Medium tanks of the United States
Abandoned military projects of the United States
Trial and research tanks of the United States
François Roettiers (or Roëttiers, Roettier, Rottier, Rottiers) (1685–1742) was a Flemish Baroque painter, sculptor, medallist and engraver from the early 18th century, who worked mainly in Austria.
They were born in London on 3 November 1685 in a family of medallists, engravers and goldsmiths. Their grandfather Philip Roetters (Antwerp 1596 - Antwerp 1669) had three sons :
Jan Roettiers (Antwerp 4 July 1631 - London, 1703)
Joseph Roettiers (Antwerp 1 August 1635 - Paris, 12 September 1703)
Philip Roettiers (Antwerp 13 September 1640 - Antwerp, 1718) (father of François Roettiers)
Each one of them and their sons continued the family tradition. Some worked in Paris, others at the Royal Mint in London or at the Antwerp Mint.
They became painter at the court of Maximilian II of Bavaria. They followed the prince to Munich and from there to Vienna. While staying in Munich they were influenced by Cosmas Damian Asam. They later became director of the Academy of Vienna (Akademie der Maler, Bildhauer und Baukunstler) in 1718. They died in Vienna on 10 June 1742.
Several of their works can be seen in different musea, churches and palaces :
The painting The return from exile of Maximilian Emmanuel at the Nymphenburg Palace in Munich, Germany.
Several paintings at the Dominican church in Vienna, such as the altarpiece and the paintings on the side walls of the chapel of St. Catherine of Siena and the Vincent Ferrer chapel.
The painting Christ and Peter at the lake of Genasaret (1727) in the Botlzmanngasse church, Alsergrund, district of Vienna, Austria
The ceiling fresco Falconry and the frescoes in the chapel of the castle of Eckartsau, Austria
several drawings in the museum Antoine-Lécuyer, Saint-Quentin, France
drawings : The martyrdom of a saint and Study of sitting figure
 They are not to be confused with their namesake and member of the family François Roëttiers the Younger (1702–1770)
References
Hervé Cabezas, Pierre Rosenberg, Alastair Laing - Renaissance de la collection de dessins du musée Antoine-Lécuyer - Editeur : Editions l'Œil d'Or; December 2005; (in French)
Benezit E. - Dictionnaire des Peintres, Sculpteurs, Dessinateurs et Graveurs - Librairie Gründ, Paris, 1976 - (in French)
Turner J. - Grove Dictionary of Art - Macmillan Publishers Ltd. 1996;
Roettiers, Francois
1685 births
1742 deaths
Painters from London
, a Gato-class submarine, was the third ship of the United States Navy named for the growler.
Construction and commissioning
Growler′s keel was laid down by the Electric Boat Company of Groton, Connecticut. They were launched on 2 November 1941, sponsored by Mrs. Lucile E. Ghormley, wife of Vice Admiral Robert L. Ghormley, Special Naval Observer to the United Kingdom. Growler was commissioned on 20 March 1942 with Lieutenant Commander Howard W. Gilmore in command.
First patrol (June – July 1942)
Growler's first war patrol began 29 June 1942 as they cleared Pearl Harbor for their assigned patrol area around Dutch Harbor, Alaska; stopping off at Midway Island on 24 June they entered their area on 30 June. Five days later they saw their first action; sighting three destroyers, Growler closed them submerged, launched their torpedoes and then surfaced. Them torpedoes struck the first two targets amidships putting them out of action, and hit the third in the bow but not before that target had launched two torpedoes at Growler. As the Japanese torpedoes "swished down each side", Growler dived deep, but no depth charges followed. The Japanese destroyer was sunk, and the other two, and , were severely damaged. Growler completed their patrol without finding any more targets, and on 17 July berthed at Pearl Harbor.
Second patrol (August – September 1942)
On 5 August 1942 Growler began their second and most successful war patrol, entering their area near Taiwan on 21 August. Two days later they conducted a submerged night attack on a freighter, surfacing to give chase when both torpedoes ran under the target and failed to explode; the freighter's quick exit into shallow waters prevented Growler'''s gun attack. Patrolling amidst a large fishing fleet on 25 August, Growler sighted and fired at a large passenger freighter but all three torpedoes missed; after a three-hour depth charge attack, in which some 53 "ash cans" were dropped, Growler surfaced and almost immediately spotted a convoy. After two hours of maneuvering, they failed to catch up with the main body of the convoy but did fire at and sink an ex-gunboat, Senyo Maru. No more ships appeared in this immediate area for three days, so Growler shifted to the east side of the island. First to fall victim was Eifuku Maru, a 5,866 ton cargo ship, which Growler sank within 40 minutes of first sighting their 31 August. On 4 September Growler sank Kashino, a 10,360 ton supply ship; three days later they sent two torpedoes into the 2,204 ton cargo ship Taika Maru, which broke in half and sank in two minutes. On 15 September Growler cleared their patrol area, and arrived back at Pearl 30 September.
Third patrol (October – December 1942)
During refitting, new surface radar was installed, as well as a new 20 mm gun; thus equipped, Growler sailed from Hawaii for their new patrol area in the Solomon Islands across the key Truk-Rabaul shipping lanes. Them patrol area in these days of bitter fighting over Guadalcanal was almost continually covered by enemy planes and only eight enemy ships were sighted with no chance for attack. Growler cleared the area 3 December and arrived in Brisbane, Australia, on 10 December.
Fourth patrol (January – February 1943)
1 January 1943 saw Growler sail from Brisbane. Entering their patrol area, again athwart the Truk-Rabaul shipping lanes, on 11 January, they waited only five days before sighting an enemy convoy. Maneuvering inside the escorts, Growler launched two torpedoes and saw them hit; then, as their war diary reports, they were in the unfortunate predicament of being about from the destroyer and had to dive without being able to continue the attack. They were credited with sinking Chifuku Maru, a 5,857 ton passenger/cargo ship.
The patrol continued as normal with two further attacks, but no sinkings until shortly after 01:00 7 February when Growler stealthily approached a gunboat for a night surface attack. The small fast ship suddenly turned to ram. Unable to avoid the collision, Gilmore ordered left full rudder and all ahead flank, and rammed the enemy amidships at , bending Growler's bow 18 feet to the port side.
As machine gun fire raked them at point-blank range, Commander Gilmore ordered the bridge cleared. As the commanding officer, Gilmore was the last to leave the bridge, but was grievously wounded before they could get below. Realizing that they were jeopardizing their boat's escape, they ordered "Take them down!". The executive officer, Lieutenant Commander Arnold F. Schade, shut the hatch and dived the boat. By saving their command at the cost of their own life, Gilmore became the first of seven World War II submariners to earn the Medal of Honor. Ensign William Wadsworth Williams and Fireman Third Class Wilbert Fletcher Kelley also lost their lives in this incident.
Severely damaged but still under control, Growler returned to Brisbane under command of Schade; they docked 17 February for extensive repairs. Following the refit, the submarine was nicknamed the Kangaroo Express, as the refabricated bow had two nickel kangaroos as decorations.
Fifth, sixth, and seventh patrols Growler's fifth, sixth, and seventh patrols, out of Brisbane to the Bismarck-Solomons area, were relatively uneventful; heavy enemy air cover and a lack of targets resulted in them coming home empty-handed from all but the fifth, on which they sank the passenger/cargo ship Miyadono Maru. The seventh patrol was marred by trouble with the storage battery and generators, and on 27 October 1943, only 11 days out of Brisbane, they were ordered to Pearl Harbor (arriving 7 November) and from there to the Navy Yard at Hunter's Point, California, for an extensive overhaul and refitting.
Eighth patrol (February – April 1944)
Returning to the Pacific, on 21 February 1944, Growler departed Pearl Harbor, and after refueling at Midway Island, headed for their patrol area. However, a week out of Midway Island a typhoon's high seas and wind delayed their arrival to the patrol area. Once on station, Growler was again plagued by violent weather which made even periscope observation almost impossible. Growler returned to Majuro on 16 April.
Ninth patrol (May – July 1944)
The submarine departed Majuro 14 May to take up patrol in the Mariana Islands-Eastern Philippine Islands-Luzon area, where the first stages of the attack on the Mariana Islands and the Battle of the Philippine Sea were getting underway. Rendezvousing with and to form a wolfpack, they continued the patrol closing several targets but achieving firing position only once, when they sank the cargo vessel Katori Maru.
Tenth patrol (August – September 1944)
Them tenth patrol, out of Pearl Harbor on 11 August, found them in a new wolf pack, nicknamed "Ben's Busters" after Growler's skipper, Commander T.B. ("Ben") Oakley; in company with and , they headed for the Formosa Straits area. Aided greatly by reconnaissance and guidance from friendly aircraft, the wolf pack closed a convoy for night surface action 31 August; their torpedoes plunged the Japanese into chaos, with their own ships shooting at each other in the dark, but no sinkings were reported. Two weeks later, 12 September, the wolf pack sighted a second convoy and closed for torpedo action. A destroyer spotted Growler and attacked her, but the sub calmly fired a spread of torpedoes at the oncoming destroyer. Heavily damaged by the torpedoes, the flaming destroyer bore down on Growler and only adroit maneuvering took the submarine out of the enemy's way; paint on the bridge was seared by the heat of the passing destroyer. Meantime Growler's other torpedoes and those of Sealion and Pampanito were hitting the convoy, and when Ben's Busters returned to Fremantle submarine base, Western Australia on 26 September, they were credited with a total of six enemy ships. Growler had sunk the destroyer Shikinami and the frigate Hirado; their companions also racked up two kills each. Two of the sunken vessels, Rakuyo Maru and Kachidoki Maru, were transporting Allied prisoners of the Japanese; the three submarines rescued over 150 Allied prisoners. This difficult operation had been carried out despite rough seas caused by an approaching typhoon.
Eleventh patrol (October – November 1944) Growler's 11th and final war patrol began out of Fremantle on 20 October 1944 in a wolf pack with and . On 8 November the wolf pack, again headed by Growler, closed a convoy for attack, with Growler on the opposite side of the enemy from Hake and Hardhead. The order to commence attacking was the last communication ever received from Growler. After the attack was underway, Hake and Hardhead heard what sounded like a torpedo explosion and then a series of depth charges on Growler's side of the convoy, and then nothing. All efforts to contact Growler for the next three days proved futile. The submarine, veteran of seven successful war patrols, was listed as lost in action against the enemy, cause unknown. Possibly they were sunk by one of their own torpedoes, but it is probable that they were sunk by the convoy's escorts, destroyer Shigure and coastal defense ships Chiburi and CD-19.Growler received eight battle stars for their service in World War II.
In popular cultureGrowler is one of several submarines (along with the era's USS Tang, Bowfin, Seawolf, and Spadefish) whose war patrols can be re-enacted in the 1985 MicroProse computer game Silent Service and the game's various ports, including Konami's 1989 release for the Nintendo Entertainment System.
A fictionalized and resequenced version of the ramming attack by Growler on their fourth patrol features prominently in the John Wayne movie Operation Pacific''.
References
Further reading
External links
On Eternal Patrol: USS Growler
Gato-class submarines
World War II submarines of the United States
Ships of the Aleutian Islands campaign
Lost submarines of the United States
World War II shipwrecks in the South China Sea
Ships built in Groton, Connecticut
1941 ships
Maritime incidents in November 1944
Submarines sunk by Japanese warships
The chamail is a type of poncho-like clothing from Central Asia.
As a result of Central-Asian influence, this type of clothing also appears in Indian works of art of the 1st millennium CE, as in Ajanta or Bagh. The chamail was probably introduced in India by the Sakas or the Kushans. The chamail also appears in Gandharan Buddhist sites such as Fondukistan and Bamiyan, and even as far as Xinjiang. In Kashmir also, the chamail appears on the Buddha or Bodhisattavas during the 6-7th century CE.
Examples
References
Sources
Dresses
Pakistan participated in the 1982 Asian Games in New Delhi, India from 19 November to 4 December 1982. They won the gold medal in field hockey, defeating the hosts India in the final.
References
Pakistan also won 2 gold medals in sailing. OK Dinghy single handed class by Khalid Mahmood Akhtar and Enterprise class by team of Byram and Goshpi Avari. Edited by Khalid Akhtar
Nations at the 1982 Asian Games
1982
Asian Games
Adoniram Judson Warner (January 13, 1834 – August 12, 1910) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio and an officer in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Biography
Born in Wales, New York (near Buffalo, New York), Warner moved with their parents to Wisconsin at the age of eleven. They attended school in Beloit, Wisconsin, and New-York Central College. They were principal of Lewistown (Pennsylvania) Academy, superintendent of the public schools of Mifflin County, Pennsylvania, and principal of Mercer Union School, Pennsylvania from 1856 to 1861. They were commissioned as captain in the Tenth Pennsylvania Reserves on July 21, 1861, promoted to lieutenant colonel on May 14, 1862 and became colonel on April 25, 1863. They were transferred into the Veteran Reserve Corps in November 1863. On January 13, 1866, President Andrew Johnson nominated Warner for appointment to the grade of brevet brigadier general of volunteers, to rank from March 13, 1865, and the United States Senate confirmed the appointment on March 12, 1866.
Warner studied law and was admitted to the bar in Indianapolis, Indiana in 1865 but never practiced. At the conclusion of the war, they returned to Pennsylvania, and in 1866 moved to Marietta, Ohio. They engaged in the oil, coal, and railroad businesses.
Warner was elected as a Democrat to the Forty-sixth Congress (March 4, 1879 – March 3, 1881). They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1880 to the Forty-seventh Congress.
Warner was elected to the Forty-eighth and Forty-ninth Congresses (March 4, 1883 – March 3, 1887). They were not a candidate for reelection in 1886. They served as delegate to the 1896 Democratic National Convention. They engaged in street railway construction in the District of Columbia and in railroad construction in Ohio. From about 1898 until six months before their death, they engaged in transportation and power development in Georgia. They died in Marietta, Ohio August 12, 1910. They were interred in Oak Grove Cemetery.
See also
List of American Civil War brevet generals (Union)
Notes
References
Eicher, John H., and David J. Eicher, Civil War High Commands. Stanford: Stanford University Press, 2001. .
1834 births
1910 deaths
Pennsylvania Reserves
Union Army colonels
People of Pennsylvania in the American Civil War
People from Wales, New York
Politicians from Marietta, Ohio
19th-century American railroad executives
School superintendents in Pennsylvania
19th-century American politicians
Educators from New York (state)
Educators from Ohio
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
American school principals
Jeremy Keenan (born 1945) is a British social anthropologist. The regional focuses of their research are the Sahara, North Africa and the Sahel region, and they concentrate on anthropology of development, security and globalisation. They have published a number of books and articles about the approaches of the United States to counterterrorism in Africa.
Keenan has long argued that Islamist terror groups in North Africa are masterminded by Algeria, with the knowledge of the CIA and other intelligence services, which stage "false flag" attacks to expand Algerian and US political influence over the region and its economic resources. In their book "The Dark Sahara", Keenan accuses the United States and Algeria of having conspired to fabricate evidence and exaggerate the threat of al-Qaeda terrorism in Northern Africa. They call the "global war on terror" a deception and claims that it is causing immense damage to the peoples of the Sahara, namely the Tuareg.
On 22 May 2012, they alleged in a BBC interview that the Algerian government (despite being officially secular) was backing Ansar Dine, both because Ansar Dine justified the existence of the government's security apparatus, and because backing it allowed Algeria to "project power in what it sees as its sphere of influence".
Works
The Tuareg: People of Ahaggar, Allen Lane, 1977
Sahara Man: Travelling with the Tuareg, John Murray Publishers, 2001
The Lesser Gods of the Sahara: Social Change and Contested Terrain Amongst the Tuareg of Algeria, Frank Cass Publishers, 2004
The Dark Sahara: America's War on Terror in Africa, Pluto Press, 2009
The Dying Sahara: US Imperialism and Terror in Africa, Pluto Press, 2012
"Report on In Amenas - Inquest Cover-up and Western Involvement in Algerian State Crimes", International State Crime Initiative (ISCI), 2016''
References
Living people
1945 births
Social anthropologists
Academics of SOAS University of London
British anthropologists
British Africanists
Historians of al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb
Oldham College, is a further education college based in Oldham, Greater Manchester, England.
History
Oldham College was established in 1893 after a donation from the Platt family, a famous textile machinery manufacturer. This led to the institution of the School of Art and Science in the town centre. It was situated on the junction of Ashcroft St. and the former Chapel St., the site is now occupied by the Town Square Shopping Centre.
Present day
Oldham College was inspected by OFSTED in 2019 and was rated good in all areas.
Oldham College offer a range of courses, including vocational courses, T Levels, Apprenticeships, adult courses and university courses.
Around £45 million has been invested in upgrading or completely replacing facilities since 2012. In 2021, the latest new building – a £9m Construction Centre – was completed alongside the addition of a new £9m Health and Life Sciences Centre. Other recent changes include new simulation suites which mirror a real-life clinical hospital ward, nursery and care home.
Notable alumni
Suranne Jones – actor (Scott & Bailey)
Sarah Lancashire – actor (Coronation Street)
Jane Horrocks – actor (Little Voice and Absolutely Fabulous)
Paul S. Walsh – CEO of Diageo plc
Suzanne Shaw – singer (Hear'Say)
Kelly Llorenna – singer
Danielle Nicholls – television presenter
Matt Healy – actor (Emmerdale)
Steve Diggle – musician (Buzzcocks)
Anthony Flanagan – actor
Samantha Power – actor (Little Britain and Ackley Bridge)
Kimberly Hart-Simpson – actor and business person (Coronation Street)
References
External links
http://www.oldham.ac.uk/ (Official Website)
Buildings and structures in Oldham
Educational institutions established in 1893
Education in Oldham
Further education colleges in Greater Manchester
Learning and Skills Beacons
1893 establishments in England
Jann is a Canadian television comedy series that premiered on CTV on March 20, 2019. It stars Canadian singer-songwriter Jann Arden as a fictionalized version of themselves and is loosely based on events from their life. The cast also includes Zoie Palmer, Patrick Gilmore, Deborah Grover, Elena Juatco, Alexa Rose Steele, and Jason Blicker.
Plot
Jann is a former pop star struggling to cope with turmoil in their personal life, including the breakup of their relationship with Cynthia, their longtime girlfriend, their mother's diagnosis of early-stage dementia, and trying to rebuild their career in the hope of finally outshining their archrival Sarah McLachlan.
Cast and characters
Jann Arden as their fictional self
Zoie Palmer as Max, Jann's younger sister
Deborah Grover as Nora, Jann's mother
Patrick Gilmore as Dave, Max's husband and Jann's brother in law
Elena Juatco as Cale, Jann's new manager
Jason Blicker as Todd, Jann's long-term manager
Sharon Taylor as Cynthia, Jann's ex-partner
Alexa Rose Steele as Charley, Jann's eldest niece
Episodes
Season 1 (2019)
Season 2 (2020)
Season 3 (2021)
Production
Production on six half-hour episodes for Season 1 began in Calgary on September 11, 2018. Production on Season 2, consisting of eight episodes, began on October 1, 2019, and wrapped in early November 2019. Production on Season 3, consisting of eight episodes, began on February 25, 2021.
Sarah McLachlan appears as themselves in a guest role in the second season. Arden has clarified in interviews that they and McLachlan get along well in real life, and their fictionalized rivalry in the television series draws as much from McLachlan's own ideas as Arden's.
Other guests in the second season include Keshia Chanté as Nia Taylor, an up-and-coming new singer signed by Todd after they drop Jann as a client; Elisha Cuthbert as Liz, a school board trustee; and Miguel Rivas as Nigel, a megafan of Jann's.
Guests in the third season include Michael Bublé as himself.
Release
Jann premiered on March 20, 2019, with its first season becoming the "most-watched" Canadian television series and comedy of the year.
In October 2020, Hulu acquired American distribution rights to the series.
Accolades
The series has been nominated for awards such as the Canadian Screen Awards, Canadian Society of Cinematographers, Leo Awards and Writers Guild of Canada.
References
External links
2019 Canadian television series debuts
2010s Canadian sitcoms
2010s Canadian LGBT-related comedy television series
2020s Canadian LGBT-related comedy television series
2010s Canadian music television series
2020s Canadian music television series
Bisexuality-related television series
Lesbian-related television shows
Television shows filmed in Calgary
CTV Television Network original programming
2020s Canadian sitcoms
Canadian LGBT-related sitcoms
Television series about families
Television series based on singers and musicians
Television series by Bell Media
English-language television shows
Saal is a municipality in the district of Kelheim in Bavaria in Germany. It is located along the banks of the Danube River, around 25 km southwest of Regensburg.
Ortsteile
Villages affiliated to the administration (Ortsteil) of Saal are
Buchhofen
Reißing
Mitterfecking
Peterfecking
Oberfecking
Einmuß
Seilbach
Oberschambach
Unterschambach
Oberteuerting
Unterteuerting
Kleinberghofen
Gstreifet
Kleingiersdorf
History
The first settlements in Regensburg date back to the ages of the Hallstatt culture.
Saal was first mentioned in a document in 1002. Apparently Saal was at that time owned by Henry II, then
Duke of Bavaria, and given to the Niedermünster Abbey in Regensburg.
Already around 1530, the Thurn und Taxis family started to run a post-house in Saal. The German poet Johann Wolfgang von Goethe stopped during their journey to Italy on September 5, 1786, at 15h in Saal for swapping horses at the post-house. The post horn featuring the coat of arms of Saal today still reminds of this tradition.
During World War II, a subcamp of the Nazi concentration camp Flossenbürg, named Ringberg Me,
was installed nearby the street connecting Saal and the neighboring village Teugn. The goal was to construct an underground arms industry plant
for Messerschmitt, a German aircraft manufacturer. At peak times more than 600 men were imprisoned in the subcamp. After the war 20 bodies and the ashes of about 360 people were found.
References
Historical Development of Saal an der Donau (in German)
Neustadt a. d. Donau > History > Goethe in Neustadt a.d. Donau (in German)
Subcamps of Konzentrationslager Flossenbürg, Location: Saal a.d. Donau (in German) search at Deutschland - Ein Denkmal (english information page)
Kelheim (district)
Populated places on the Danube
Asian records in the sport of track cycling are ratified by the Asian Cycling Confederation (ACC).
Men's records
Women's records
* In 2013, the 3000m team pursuit, 3 rider formats was replaced by the UCI with a 4000m team pursuit, 4 people format.
References
External links
Asian Cycling Confederation
Cycle racing in Asia
Track cycling records
Acoustic dispersion is the phenomenon of a sound wave separating into its component frequencies as it passes through a material. The phase velocity of the sound wave is viewed as a function of frequency. Hence, separation of component frequencies is measured by the rate of change in phase velocities as the radiated waves pass through a given medium.
Broadband transmission method
A widely used technique for determining acoustic dispersion is a broadband transmission method. This technique was originally introduced in 1978 and has been employed to study the dispersion properties of metal (1978), epoxy resin (1986), paper materials (1993), and ultra-sound contrast agent (1998). In 1990 and 1993 this method confirmed the Kramers–Kronig relation for acoustic waves.
Application of this method requires the measurements of a reference velocity to obtain values for the acoustic dispersion. This is accomplished by determining (usually) the speed of the sound in water, the thickness of the specimen, and the phase spectrum of each of the two transmitted ultrasound pulses.
Dispersive attenuation
Acoustic attenuation
See also
Dispersion (optics)
References
Acoustics
Metamaterials
Appius Claudius Pulcher (97 – 49 BC) was a Roman patrician, politician and general in the first century BC. They were consul of the Roman Republic in 54 BC. They were an expert in Roman law and antiquities, especially the esoteric lore of the augural college of which they were a controversial member. They were head of the senior line of the most powerful family of the patrician Claudii. The Claudii were one of the five leading families (gentes maiores or "Greater Clans") which had dominated Roman social and political life from the earliest years of the republic.  They are best known as the recipient of 13 of the extant letters in Cicero's ad Familiares corpus (the whole of book III), which date from winter 53–52 to summer 50 BC. Regrettably they do not include any of Appius' replies to Cicero as extant texts of any sort by members of Rome's ruling aristocracy are quite rare, apart from those of Julius Caesar.  They are also well known for being the older brother of the infamous Clodius and Clodia.
Augur, scholar, author, orator
The date of their co-option into the augural college is not known, but more likely early in life than later owing to their acknowledged expertise in augural lore, upon which they published. Most likely they succeeded their father (if the latter was one of Sulla's new augurs created in 81 BC), but in any case since the augural college remained organized on a curiate (antique clan-based) system, they must have succeeded to a vacated patrician augurate.
As an augur they engaged in heated debate with their senior colleague Gaius Claudius Marcellus (praetor 80 BC), who maintained that augury was established from a belief in divination but perpetuated through political expediency, while Appius strongly advocated an extreme traditionalist view upholding the authenticity of the craft and eventually published a noted Liber auguralis which included a good deal of polemic directed against "Marcelline" modernity.
Their typically Claudian arrogance, so evident from Cicero's correspondence with them and with Marcus Caelius Rufus, is also mentioned in a letter to Cicero from Publius Vatinius (consul 47 BC), who was Caesar's nominee to take Appius' place in the augural college after the latter's death:
Upon my word, I could not face it out, not if I had the impudence of Appius, in whose place I was elected. (translation by D.R. Shackleton Bailey)
It was also characteristic of them that they were fascinated by Athenian antiquities, but not what attracted many prominent Romans to Athens at the time: its fame as the greatest university city in the Greek-inhabited world (the oikoumene) where all the chief philosophical schools were based. They were busy in Greece in 62-61 BC when their wild youngest brother Publius Clodius Pulcher got themselves into trouble for violating the rites of the Bona Dea and was prosecuted for incestus, but it is not known in what capacity.
Cicero wrote to Marcus Brutus as follows in their treatise on the history of Roman rhetoric and orators (Brutus 267):
Also of those who fell in that same war there are M. Bibulus, who wrote with accuracy as well, particularly since they were no orator, and resolutely conducted many suits; Appius Claudius your father-in-law, my colleague and friend. By then they were studious enough and both very learned and experienced as orator, as well as a true expert in augural and all public law, and in our antiquities.
Lineage
Eldest son and chief heir of Appius Claudius Pulcher (cos.79), whom they succeeded as head of the main line of Claudii Pulchri when Appius pater died campaigning in the Rhodope Mountains as Macedonian commander in 76 BC.
Recent family stemma
Early career, 76-67 BC
Their father's death left them head of their powerful family aged 20 or 21, but encumbered with two younger brothers, two unmarried sisters and little funds. This was only relative poverty, but it proves the integrity of their father, who obviously did not profit much, if at all, from the proscription period when less scrupulous characters, most notoriously Marcus Licinius Crassus and Gaius Curio pater, made enormous fortunes from the confiscated properties of Sulla's Marian victims.
Appius found generous help from Lucius Licinius Lucullus, who upon returning from their African propraetorship in 75 BC agreed to marry the youngest sister without a dowry. They also handed over a significant legacy to Appius, who in later life marked their household's return to opulent circumstances from this gift.
Appius quickly returned the favour in political life. A promising young orator, the same year they agreed to prosecute A. Terentius Varro (praetor 77), recently returned from their Asian command. Varro was a close friend and relative of Lucullus and of the chief advocate of their defence Quintus Hortensius, Rome's leading orator at the time. But Varro was apparently so guilty that Hortensius resorted to dirty tricks which involved marking the ballots of the judges they had bribed, which caused a public scandal.
Appius' good relations with Varro's family endured. Varro's homonymous son (born c. 80 BC) was later one of their closest friends, serving as quaestor in the year of Appius' death, and later one of the most contentious and interesting characters of the early Augustan regime in modern scholarship: A. Terentius Varro Murena, who died in the early weeks (or days) of their consulate in 23 BC.
They served on the staff of their brother-in-law Lucullus, commander-in-chief of the Roman armies in Asia during the first half of the Third Mithridatic War. Most likely Appius went with Lucullus from the beginning in early 73 BC, although they are not directly attested in the east until the autumn of 71 following the occupation of eastern Kappadokia Pontike (Pontus), when Lucullus sent them to the Armenian king Tigranes to demand the surrender of Mithridates VI.
Their manner and speech offended Tigranes, the self-styled King of Kings, who for more than twenty years had been accustomed to grovelling oriental court ceremony. This was not just every day Roman frankness, but Claudian arrogance and appietas. The failure of this mission precipitated Rome's first war with Armenia, which Lucullus began in 69 BC.
Lucullus perhaps sent young Appius with deliberate purpose, knowing full well that their manner was likely to be ill-received at the court of the King of Kings. They might have sent L. Fannius or L. Magius, both of whom had experience at the Pontic court, and their letter to Tigranes addressing them simply as King, rather than King of Kings, was almost certainly a deliberate insult of the more refined diplomatic sort. Tigranes certainly regarded it as such.
Propraetor of Sardinia, 56-55 BC
After their praetorship in 57 BC Appius was allotted Sardinia as their propraetorial province. Appius' propraetorship in Sardinia was uneventful, and they were succeeded there in 55 by Marcus Aemilius Scaurus.
On the other hand, they were politically engaged before and after, attending the packed conferences at Ravenna and Lucca in spring 56 when Julius Caesar patched up the tattered coalition with Crassus and Pompey, and in about summer 55 marrying their younger daughter to Pompeius' homonymous eldest son Gnaeus Pompeius (born c.79 BC), thus ensuring their election to the consulate for the following year.
Consul, 54 BC
They were elected second to the consulate for 54 along with Cato's energetic brother-in-law Lucius Domitius Ahenobarbus.
Proconsul of Cilicia, 53-51 BC
They were proconsul of Cilicia for a biennium after their consulate, a disaster for the region, not least because their younger brother Caius (praetor 56 BC) held the Asia province propraetorship for the three years 55–52, or possibly the quadriennium 55–51, so that Appius and their brother controlled most of Anatolia together for at least one year of overlap and perhaps two.
Their predecessor Publius Cornelius Lentulus Spinther was a good and honest administrator, and their successor Cicero one of the best in Roman history. But the intervening Claudian command was disorderly, harsh and corrupt. Their correspondence with Cicero as the latter approached to succeed them exhibits many signs of the severe disruption, perhaps approaching horror at times, through which the country had passed under Appius' command. Cicero was certainly shocked by what they found, and by the bizarre manner in which Appius avoided them and eventually left the province for home without meeting their successor. The impression is that Cicero had caught a predator in the act of devouring a carcass raw.
In 52 BC, during Appius' proconsulship in Asia, their younger brother Publius (Clodius) was murdered by a political rival (Milo). In a cruel twist of irony the murder took place on the Appian Way (build by their ancestor Appius Claudius Caecus).
On their way home Appius stopped at Athens once more, renewing their interest in the Eleusinian Mysteries and began preparations for restoring the gate of the Lesser Propylaea in Eleusis, a project later completed, according to the instructions in their testament, by their chief heirs Pulcher Claudius and Rex Marcius.
Censor, 50 BC
Elected censor in 50 with Caesar's father-in-law Lucius Calpurnius Piso Caesoninus (cos.58), Appius was promptly prosecuted for electoral bribery by Cicero's new son-in-law Publius Cornelius Dolabella, but with the advocacy of their own son-in-law Brutus and Quintus Hortensius they were acquitted. This was the final speech of Rome's greatest orator after Cicero, and Hortensius died a few days later.
After their selection by the Senate (lectio senatus) as censor, Appius removed a senator of tribunician rank named C. Sallustius Crispus, the later famous historian Sallust.
The Hollows of Euboea
They went east with Pompey early in 49, conspicuously without the excuse of command rights or even a legatio because they were still in office as censor (a magistracy of 18 months). Pompeius eventually put them in charge of Greece, where they died the same year, around the time Caesar was returning to Rome from Spain.
According to Paulus Orosius, Histories against Pagans VI (15.11):
Appius Claudius censorinus, who by Pompeius' order was looking after Greece, wanted to test the trustworthiness of the Pythian Oracle, done away with by this time. Indeed the Seer whom they forced to descend into the cave is reported to have given them this reply when consulted about the war:
This war does not concern you, O Roman.
You shall hold the hollows of Euboia.
Now they call the Euboic Gulf “the hollows”. Thus Appius, uncertain about this inscrutable fate, passed away.
Orosius cuts their account short to attack the most pagan Pythian Oracle. There is a much longer, and rather more exciting and lurid account of Appius' revival of the long silent oracle in Lucan's Pharsalia. There we learn that Appius, as so many before him, misunderstood the prophecy and hurried off to Euboea, expecting to seize control of Chalcis as a private domain. Instead they died there and a noted tomb was built for them near the shore of the straits of Evripos.
Marriages and children
Their wives and marriage details remain unknown, and they may not have married until after returning from the eastern wars. It has been proposed by Groebe and Münzer that their wife may have been a Servilia.
No sons survived to adulthood, but they had at least two daughters Claudiae neither of whom are mentioned directly by name, but only in the context of their relationships by marriage: the younger to Pompey the younger (born c.79 BC), while the elder was the first wife of Marcus Junius Brutus (born 85). The terminus ante quem for both marriages is spring 51 BC (calendar Iunius). Most likely Claudia maior married Brutus c.59 (when they turned 26) while their minor sister's match with Magnus' son was probably arranged around the time of the Luca and Ravenna conferences (spring 56 BC), with the marriage taking place in Pompeius' second consulate after Appius returned from Sardinia. It was an interesting choice of in-laws (adfines) since Brutus refused to speak to Pompeius Magnus until the Civil War, detesting them as a tyrant and the murderer of their father. As they had no living sons, Pulcher adopted their nephew Gaius Claudius Pulcher, who changed their name to Appius Claudius Pulcher, and who became consul in 38 BC.
References
Ancient sources
Stangl, Thomas: Ciceronis Orationum Scholiastae: Asconius. Scholia Bobiensia. Scholia Pseudoasconii Sangallensia. Scholia Cluniacensia et recentiora Ambrosiana ac Vaticana. Scholia Lugdunensia sive Gronoviana et eorum excerpta Lugdunensia (Vienna, 1912; reprinted Georg Olms, Hildesheim, 1964)
Asconius. Caesar Giarratano (ed.) Q. Asconii Pediani Commentarii, (Rome, 1920; reprinted Adolf M. Hakkert, Amsterdam, 1967)
Cicero ad Atticum (Letters to Atticus). D. R. Shackleton Bailey (ed.) Cambridge and Teubner
Cicero ad Familiares (Letters to Friends). D. R. Shackleton Bailey (ed.) Cicero: Epistulae ad Familiares Vol.I, 62-47 BC (Cambridge Classical Texts & Commentaries vol.16, Cambridge University Press, 1977). This volume includes the 13 letters from Cicero to Appius Claudius (pp. 123–151).
Cicero ad QF (Letters to their brother Quintus). W. S. Watts (ed.) M. Tulli Ciceronis Epistulae, Vol.III: Epistulae ad Quintum Fratrem, Epistulae ad M. Brutum, Fragmenta Epistularum. Accedunt Commentariolum Petitionis et Pseudo-Ciceronis epistula ad Octavianum, (Oxford University Press, 1958)
Cicero Brutus. A. A. Wilkins (ed.) Oxford, 1903
Varro Rerum Rusticarum libri III
Modern works
RE vol.3 (1901), s. v. Claudius (297)
Münzer, Friedrich: Roman Aristocratic Parties and Families (The Johns Hopkins University Press, 1999); translation by T. Ridley of the original text Römische Adelsparteien und Adelsfamilien (J.B. Metzler, Stuttgart, 1920)
Constans, L A: Un Correspondant de Cicéron, Ap. Claudius Pulcher (Paris, 1921)
Lintott, Andrew W: "Popular Justice in a Letter of Cicero to Quintus", Rh.Mus. (1967), 65
Cadoux, T J: s. v. Claudius (12) Pulcher in The Oxford Classical Dictionary2 (1970), p. 247
Gruen, Erich S: The Last Generation of the Roman Republic (University of California Press, 1974; reprinted 1994 with new introduction) paperback
97 BC births
49 BC deaths
1st-century BC Roman augurs
1st-century BC Roman consuls
1st-century BC Roman praetors
Pulcher, Appius consul 700 AUC
Correspondents of Cicero
Optimates
Family of Marcus Junius Brutus
Roman censors
Roman governors of Cilicia
Roman governors of Sardinia
Christopher "Chris" James Arrowsmith born 9 November 1966 at the Royal Naval Hospital Imtarfa, Rabat, Malta is a Great Britain Slalom Canoeist who competed from the late-1970s to the early 1990s. They finished 17th in the C-2 event at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona. Christopher currently lives in Stratford upon Avon.
Christopher, along with the rest of their family, was introduced to Canoeing at a 'Try it' session in the Dorking, Surrey Swimming Pool at the age of 9.
They started in competitive canoeing in June 1978, entering the Novice event at Shepperton Weir on the River Thames in Surrey.
Over the next few years along with their Stratford on Avon Kayakists (SOAK) fellow canoeists they competed in all of the canoe competition discipline's of:
Canoe Slalom in the discipline's of Kayak Singles (K1), Canadian Singles (C1) and Canadian Doubles (C2) – in the Canadian classes paddlers kneel in their boat with a small cockpit sealed with a Spraydeck. Chris's Slalom Ranking History is listed below.
(Canoe Polo) – in single Kayak (K1)
(Wild Water Racing) – in Single Kayak (K1)
(Canoe Sprint) – in single Kayak (K1)
(Marathon Canoe Racing) – in Single Kayak (K1)
Chris's Canoe Slalom history:
Canadian Doubles (C2) Ranking and Results – with Paul Brain
Year Division Ranking/ Result
October 1979 Novice First Slalom in C2 at Durngate Mill, Winchester
1979 3 Position 12
1980 3 Position 22
1981 3 ???
1982 3 Promoted to Division 2 during the season
1982 2 Position 13
1982 2 Promoted to Division 1 during the season
1983 1 Position 7
1984 Premier Position 2 (Premier Division created)
1985 World Champs, Augsberg, Germany Position 21
1985 Premier Position 1 – National Champions
1986 Great Britain Slalom Team Selected for Team in C2 Class
1986 Europa Cup, Mezzana, Italy Position 15
1986 Pre World Champs, Bourg St Maurice, France Position 9
1986 Premier Position 1 – National Champions
1987 Premier Position 3
1988 Premier Position 5
1989 World Champs, Maryland, USA Position 16
1989 Premier Position 3
1990 Pre World Champs, Tacen, Yugoslavia Position 11
1990 British Open Champions, Llangollen
1990 Premier Position 2
1991 Premier Position 1 – National Champions
1992 Olympic Games Selected for Great Britain Team
1992 World Cup 3, Nottingham Position 7/18
1992 World Cup 4, Merano,Italy Position 11/17
1992 World Cup Final Ranking Position 15/30
1992 Senior Pre World Champs, Mezzana, Italy Position 8
1992 Olympic Games Position 17
1992 Premier Position 2
1993 Premier Position 7
1993 Changed over to Canoe Polo Competition
Canadian Singles (C1) Ranking and Results
Year Division Ranking/ Result
1985 1 Ranking Status
1985 1 Position 3
1986 1 Position 31
Kayak Singles (K1) Ranking and Results
Year Division Ranking/ Result
June 1978 Novice First Slalom ever at Shepperton Weir on the River Thames
1979 4 Position 26 – Promoted to Division 3
1980 3 Position 146
1981 3 Position 41 – Promoted to Division 2
1981 2 Promoted to Division 1 during the season
1982 1 Position 13 Promoted to Premier Division
1982 1 Pyranha Youth Award The Highest Ranked New Youth in Div 1
1983 European Youth Champs Team event – 3rd – Bronze Medal
1983 Premier Position 37
1984 Premier Position 54 – Demoted to Division 1
1985 1 Position 29 – Promoted to Premier Division
1986 Premier Position 61 – Demoted to Division 1
1987 1 Position 23 – Promoted to Premier Division
1988 Premier Position 70
1989 Premier Position 84 – Demoted to Division 1
Canoe Polo Achievements
Date Achievement
1988 Selected for Canoe Polo 1988 International Team Squad
Aug 1994 1st at Ieper, Belgium International in the Wimps 1st Team
Aug 1995 1st at Ieper, Belgium International in the Wimps 1st Team
Jun 2012 Dragons 3rd in Liverpool International Polo Tournament
Aug 2012 Dragons 2nd in Div 2 in the GEKKO Canoe Polo International Tournament, Gent, Belgium
Jun 2013 Dragons 1st in Liverpool International Polo Tournament
Aug 2013 Dragons 3rd in the GEKKO Canoe Polo International Tournament, Gent, Belgium
Aug 2014 Dragons 12th in the GEKKO Canoe Polo International Tournament, Gent, Belgium
Jun 2015 Dragons 1st in Liverpool International Polo Tournament
Aug 2015 Dragons 1st in the GEKKO Canoe Polo International Tournament, Gent, Belgium
Jun 2016 Dragons 1st in Liverpool International Polo Tournament
Aug 2016 Dragons 14th in the GEKKO Canoe Polo International Tournament, Gent, Belgium
Aug 2016 Dragons 4th in London International Polo Tournament
Aug 2016 Dragons 11th in the De Paddel Canoe Polo International Tournament, Belgium
Aug 2014 Coaching Canadian Senior Women 11th at World Championships at Thury Harcourt, France
Aug/Sep 2016 Coaching Canadian Senior Women 8th at World Championships at Syracuse, Italy
Dec 2016 Chairperson of Great Britain Canoe Polo
Dec 2018 Vice Chairperson Great Britain Canoë Polo
References
Sports-Reference.com profile
1966 births
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Great Britain
British male canoeists
Buenavista is a town and municipality located in the Córdoba Department, northern Colombia.
References
Gobernacion de Cordoba - Buenavista
Buenavista official website
Cordoba
Steve Thayer (b. in Saint Paul, Minnesota) is a New York Times best-selling author of suspense novels.
Biography
Thayer was born in Saint Paul, Minnesota and graduated from Harding Senior High School.
They graduated from the American Academy of Dramatic Arts in Pasadena, California, and worked as a screenwriter for several years. They moved to Edina, Minnesota in the 1980s, where they began writing novels, and now lives in St. Paul again.
They began writing suspense novels with Saint Mudd in 1988, and continued with a string of six more novels, mostly well-received by critics. The topics of their work include criminal investigations, conspiracies, murder, and kidnapping. Thayer's writing has been described as "gritty" and "fast-paced." Publishing-industry turmoil led them to take a break from publishing after 2008's The Leper until 2015's Ithaca Falls, which mixes Thayer's usual suspense elements with time travel and alternate history.
Works
Saint Mudd: A Novel of Gangsters and Saints (1988)
The Weatherman (1995)
Silent Snow (1999)
Moon Over Lake Elmo (2001)
The Wheat Field (2002)
Wolf Pass (2003)
The Leper (2008, North Star Press)
Ithaca Falls (2015, Conquill Press)
References
External links
1953 births
Living people
20th-century American novelists
21st-century American novelists
American male novelists
Writers from Saint Paul, Minnesota
20th-century American male writers
21st-century American male writers
Novelists from Minnesota
The Șomuzul Mare is a right tributary of the river Siret in Romania. It discharges into the Siret near Dolhasca. Its length is and its basin size is . It flows through the villages Stroiești, Zaharești, Liteni, Pocoleni, Fălticeni (city), Șoldănești, Huși, Preutești, Basarabi, Arghira, Dolheștii Mari, Dolheștii Mici and Dolhasca (town). The Șomuz and Pocoleni dams are built on this river.
Tributaries
The following rivers are tributaries to the river Șomuzul Mare (from source to mouth):
Left: Humoria, Frumoasa, Vătavu, Boroșeni, Cimbrina, Prisaca, Brana
Right: Stupca, Iazuri, Brădățel, Târgul, Leucușești, Platonița
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Suceava County
Matthew Henson State Park is a publicly owned greenway with recreational features that runs along Turkey Branch, a tributary of Rock Creek, in Montgomery County, Maryland. The state park is managed by Montgomery County under an agreement with the Maryland Department of Natural Resources. It was named for Maryland native and arctic explorer Matthew Henson.
Matthew Henson Trail, an hard surface hiking/biking trail, was completed through the park in 2009. The trail runs from the Rock Creek Hiker-Biker Trail near Aspen Hill northeast to Alderton Road near Layhill. The trail features of wooden boardwalk through environmentally sensitive areas.
History
Purchased by the state in the 1950s, the land was originally called the Rockville Facility, which would have connected to Montrose Parkway as a spur to the proposed Washington Outer Beltway. In response to residents' calls to the preserve the stream valley corridor, the state legislature designated 83 acres of the land as a state park and 117 acres as a county park in 1989. The state land is owned by the Maryland Department of Natural Resources, and the county land is owned by the Maryland-National Capital Park and Planning Commission (M-NCPPC).
Planning for the Matthew Henson Trail began in 2001. After many public meetings and environmental studies, the trail's preliminary plan was approved by the Montgomery County Planning Board in 2003. Funding was put forth in 2006. The Montgomery County Department of Transportation paid for the design and construction, but the M-NCPPC managed the project. Opened May 9, 2009, the project cost $5.7 million. The trail connects with the Rock Creek Hiker-Biker Trail at Winding Creek Local Park on Dewey Road and continues northeast to Alderton Road. The trail includes ten-foot-wide boardwalks to protect the most sensitive areas and solar-powered emergency cellular phones. The trail's design and construction were nominated for a Planning & Design Award as part of the 2010 National Trails Awards.
Since opening, the Veirs Mill Road crossing has been redesigned several times for safety. Some time shortly after opening the crosswalk was painted. Then, after a cyclist was killed using the crossing in 2015, the state added a yellow, flashing light and signs alerting drivers. When a second cyclist was killed 6 months later, the state switched to a HAWK beacon. Then in 2020, they upgraded again, replacing the button-activated flashing pedestrian signal with a full color traffic signal equipped with both a call button and sensors that alert drivers to slow down. They also upgraded to a "continental" crosswalk that is more visible to motorists, replaced the zig-zag crossing with a straight-line crossing in the median and installed “passive detection” — a system in which sensors detect pedestrians and bicyclists standing in the flat landing area and activate the pedestrian signal.
References
External links
Matthew Henson Trail Montgomery County Department of Parks
Matthew Henson Trail Map Montgomery County Department of Parks
1989 establishments in Maryland
Aspen Hill, Maryland
Parks in Montgomery County, Maryland
Protected areas established in 1989
State parks of Maryland
Fyre: The Greatest Party That Never Happened is a 2019 American documentary film about Billy McFarland and the failed Fyre Festival of 2017. It was directed by Chris Smith, and produced by Danny Gabai and Mick Purzycki and was released on Netflix on January 18, 2019.
Production
The film was co-produced by Jerry Media, the social media agency responsible for promoting the Fyre Festival and covering up the fraud, and MATTE Projects, the production company that directed the Fyre Festival's promotional shoot. Jerry Media approached VICE with the idea of a documentary three months after the events. According to Netflix, the documentary was Smith's idea.
Reception
On the review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds approval rating with an average rating of , based on reviews. The website's critical consensus reads, "Fyre smolders with agonizing tension when a party in paradise goes awry, but this slickly assembled documentary reserves its greatest horror for damning observations about the dangers of wealth." Metacritic, which uses a normalized average, assigned the film a score of 75 out of 100, based on 26 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews".
In reviewing Fyre and Fyre Fraud, a similar documentary that premiered on Hulu, The A.V. Club stated that "Fyre is the stronger, more worthwhile documentary, but its counterpart is a helpful reminder that, like so many stories, one account can't contain the whole truth."
In April 2019, Netflix reported that 20 million households had watched the film during its first month of release.
On the 71st Primetime Creative Arts Emmy Awards, Fyre earned four nominations, Outstanding Documentary or Nonfiction Special, Outstanding Directing for a Documentary/Nonfiction Program, Outstanding Sound Editing for a Nonfiction Program (Single or Multi-Camera), and Outstanding Sound Mixing for a Nonfiction Program (Single or Multi-Camera).
See also
List of original films distributed by Netflix
References
External links
2019 documentary films
2019 films
American documentary films
Documentary films about music festivals
Films directed by Chris Smith
Netflix original documentary films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Risoba wittstadti is a species of moth of the family Nolidae. It is found in Sumatra.
References
Kobes,2006. Risobinae of Sumatra (Lepidoptera, Noctuidae, Risobinae). Heterocera Sumatrana Vol.12, fasc. 6
Nolidae
Moths of Sumatra
Moths described in 2006
"Only a God Can Save Us" () refers to an interview given by Martin Heidegger to Rudolf Augstein and Georg Wolff for Der Spiegel magazine on September 23, 1966. Heidegger agreed to discuss their political past but asked for the publication to be delayed until after their death. The interview went beyond personal questions to address the general connections between philosophy, politics, and culture (as indicated by the title quote). It was published five days after Heidegger's death, on 31 May 1976. The English translation was produced by William J. Richardson.
Summary concerning Heidegger's political past
In the interview, Heidegger defended their entanglement with National Socialism in two ways: first, they argued that there was no alternative, saying that they were trying to save the university (and science in general) from being politicized and thus had to compromise with the Nazi administration. Second, they admitted that they saw an "awakening" (Aufbruch) which might help to find a "new national and social approach," but said that they changed their mind about this in 1934, largely prompted by the violence of the Night of the Long Knives.
In their interview Heidegger defended as double-speak their 1935 lecture describing the "inner truth and greatness of this movement." They affirmed that Nazi informants who observed their lectures would understand that by "movement" they meant National Socialism. However, Heidegger asserted that their dedicated students would know this statement was no apologia for the NSDAP. Rather, they meant it as they expressed it in the parenthesis that they did not read out yet claimed in the interview was present from the beginning (and included in their Introduction to Metaphysics (1953), namely, "the confrontation of planetary technology and modern humanity."
The Löwith account from 1936 has been cited to contradict the account given in the Der Spiegel interview in two ways: that they did not make any decisive break with National Socialism in 1934, and that Heidegger was willing to entertain more profound relations between their philosophy and political involvement. The Der Spiegel interviewers did not bring up Heidegger's 1949 quotation comparing the industrialization of agriculture to the extermination camps. In fact, the interviewers were not in possession of much of the evidence now known for Heidegger's Nazi sympathies.
See also
Martin Heidegger and Nazism
References
External links
English text
Martin Heidegger and Nazism, "Only A God Can Save Us" by Jeffrey van Davis
Works by Martin Heidegger
Interviews
Works originally published in German magazines
Der Spiegel
1966 documents
1966 in philosophy
1976 in philosophy
Jorge Jurado Molina is a Spanish actor, who is well known for their portrayals in television series Los Serrano and 2007 film Goal II: Living the Dream.
Career
Jurado began their career in television in 2002 with a small participation in the television series Hospital Central.
From 2003 to 2008, they were part of the cast of the television series Los Serrano alongside Antonio Resines, Belén Rueda, Jesús Bonilla, Verónica Sánchez, Fran Perea, Nuria González, Alejo Sauras, Alexandra Jiménez, Julia Gutiérrez Caba, Javier Gutiérrez, Álex González, Jaydy Michel, Natalia Verbeke, Dafne Fernández, Pilar Castro, Lydia Bosch, Natalia Sánchez, , , , and .
In 2007, they portrayed Enrique in film Goal II: Living the Dream, alongside famous football players of such as David Beckham, Iker Casillas, Ronaldo, Zinedine Zidane, Cesc Fàbregas, Thierry Henry, Samuel Eto'o, Sergio Ramos, Robinho and Roberto Carlos.
From 2010 to 2011, they made a small participation in the youth television series Los protegidos.
Filmography
Television
Movies
External links
Living people
Male actors from Madrid
Spanish male film actors
Spanish male television actors
Spanish male child actors
Cornelia Zangari Bandi (20 July 1664 – 15 March 1731) was an Italian noblewoman, generally known for the circumstances surrounding their mysterious death, which is frequently described as a possible case of spontaneous human combustion.
Biography
Family
Cornelia Zangari was born in Longiano (Emilia-Romagna), Papal States, to Count Francesco Maria Zangari and their wife Margherita. They married Count Francesco Bandi and gave birth to Giovanni Carlo (future Cardinal of the Catholic Church), Maria Colomba, Margherita Felice, Giuseppe, Anna Teresa, Elisabetta and Anna Margherita. Them daughter Anna Teresa married Count Marco Aurelio Braschi, giving birth in 1717 to Giovanni Angelo, future Pope Pius VI (1775 – 1799).
Death
According to the 1745 issue by the correspondent Paul Rolli (who translated, for the Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society, a 1731 study by the Veronese historian Giuseppe Bianchini: Parere Sopra la Cagione della Morte della Signora Contessa Cornelia Zangari Ne' Bandi Cesenate (Opinion on cause of death of Lady Countess Cornelia Zangari), during their last dinner, the 66 years-old Countess was "dull and heavy". Some accounts report that the Countess was a brandy drinker, and that they used to sprinkle camphorated brandy on their body to relieve physical pain. The maid accompanied them to their room, and the two spent over three hours chatting and praying. The maid left their mistress already asleep. The next day, when they did not get up at the usual time, they went to wake them and found the remains of the Countess. The room was full of soot. The body of the countess had been reduced to a pile of ashes that was a little more than from the bed, although their lower legs below the knee, three fingers and front of their skull were relatively intact. The bed and the rest of the furniture had not been affected by the fire, but were covered by a greasy and smelly layer. On the floor there was an oil lamp covered with ashes, but without oil. The way the sheets were found seemed to indicate that the Countess had risen at some point during the night. The full account by Paul Rolli:
In popular culture
Charles Dickens, in their preface to their novel Bleak House (1852/1853), writes about the Countess (whom they misname Countess Cornelia de Baudi Cesenate) with regard to the "possibility of what is called spontaneous combustion."
See also
List of unsolved deaths
Gallery
References
1664 births
1731 deaths
18th-century Italian women
Countesses
Deaths from fire
Paranormal
People from Cesena
Unsolved deaths
Spontaneous human combustion
The Return of the World's Greatest Detective is a 1976 American made-for-television mystery comedy film starring Larry Hagman as an inept motorcycle cop named Sherman Holmes, who, after sustaining a head injury, became convinced that they were actually Sherlock Holmes and as a result of their injury acquired formidable powers of observation and deduction. Dean Hargrove and Roland Kibbee wrote the film's story directly for television, intending it to be a pilot for a series that would have been titled Alias Sherlock Holmes. The film originally aired on NBC on June 16, 1976.
The genres into which The Return of the World's Greatest Detective fits are comedy-drama and mystery-suspense.
Synopsis
Los Angeles Police Department officer Sherman Holmes (Hagman) is an inept motorcycle cop who cannot keep their police motorcycle from falling over on its side.  They are lying on the ground, reading a copy of The Complete Sherlock Holmes, when their motorcycle again falls over on its side—but this time on their head, causing a cranial injury that leaves them comatose.
When they regain consciousness, Sherman Holmes has come to believe that they are actually Sherlock Holmes, the civilian consulting detective of literary renown. They also have acquired formidable powers of observation and deduction that they did not possess as a motorcycle officer. Holmes adopts the habits and mode of dress (houndtooth-gray Inverness cape, and "full-bent" meerschaum smoking pipe) of the literary detective, along with a stylized UK English dialect.
The social worker and psychiatrist assigned to work with Holmes is Dr. Joan Watson (Jenny O'Hara), the psychiatrist who had actually given Holmes the copy of the Sherlock Holmes "canon" in the first place. Them superior (Ivor Francis) warns that their job is at risk because of the situation. LAPD Detective Lt. Nicholas "Nick" Tinker (Nicholas Colasanto) is somewhat skeptical of what has happened to Holmes, but Watson points out that these Holmes wants anonymity as much as the literary Holmes did. They likewise arrange for them to move into Apartment 221B in an apartment complex located on Baker Street.
These strange occurrences take place at the same time of a case that has been baffling the LAPD: scandals that appear to involve a judge, the Honorable Clement Harley (Charles Macauley). Among these are the murder of an embezzler and a series of smoke-bombings. Holmes manages to solve both these cases—and expose an instance of judicial corruption in the process.
Partial production history
Dean Hargrove, who directed the film and jointly wrote and produced it with Roland Kibbee, loosely re-made the 1971 feature film They Might Be Giants in producing it. They and Kibbee both hoped it would become the pilot of a series titled Alias Sherlock Holmes, but NBC-TV declined to pick up that option.
Cast
Sherman Holmes: Larry Hagman
Dr. Joan Watson: Jenny O'Hara
Lieutenant Nick Tinker: Nicholas Colasanto
Himmel: Woodrow Parfrey
The Landlady: Helen Verbit
Spiner: Ivor Francis
Judge Clement Harley: Charles Macauley
Dr. Collins: Ron Silver
Vince Cooley: Sid Haig
The Psychiatrist: Booth Colman
Mrs. Slater: Lieux Dressler
The Detective: Fuddle Bagley
Klinger: Benny Rubin
The Manager: Robert Snively
The Caretaker: Jude Farese
The Sergeant: George Brenlin
The Bailiff: Al Dunlap
The Delivery Man: Jefferson Kibbee
See also
Sherlock Holmes pastiches
External links
1976 television films
1976 films
1970s comedy mystery films
American comedy mystery films
NBC networks original films
Sherlock Holmes pastiches
Sherlock Holmes films
Television films as pilots
Television pilots not picked up as a series
1970s American films
Nicolas Rondet is a former Barber Dodge Pro Series and Atlantic Championship driver from Melle, Deux-Sèvres, France.
Career history
After they were born in France they grew up in Brazil and started karting. After a short career in karting and single-seaters the young driver switched to touring cars. They won their first season in the French Citroën AX Cup in 1993. The following season Rondet finished fifth in the series. After this success they moved to the United States of America to race in the Skip Barber Western Series. In their second season the French driver won the championship and the Skip Barber Big Scholarship. The scholarship secured them a seat in the 1997 Barber Dodge Pro Series season. The season was successful as they won one race and scored another two podium finishes. The following season they secured their seat due to their sponsors. Again the driver scored three podium finishes but they had to miss three races. 1998 was also the first season Rondet made their debut in the Atlantic Championship racing at Long Beach and Houston. Their best finish was a seventh place at Houston. The Frenchman also raced a single outing in the IMSA GT Championship. At Lime Rock Park they finished thirteenth in a Mazda RX-7. They returned for a partial Atlantic Championship season the following year. They were places eleventh in the championship scoring one podium finish. After failing to secure a seat for the 2000 season they returned to the Barber Dodge Pro Series in 2001. This season was highly successful as they finished every race in the top 10, winning three races. As they won the title they won a scholarship to race in the 2002 Atlantic Championship season. This season was not so successful as they finished in the top 10 only twice.
Complete motorsports results
American Open-Wheel racing results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position, races in italics indicate the fastest race lap)
Barber Dodge Pro Series
Atlantic Championship
References
External links
Official website
1970 births
Formula Ford drivers
French Formula Three Championship drivers
Atlantic Championship drivers
Barber Pro Series drivers
IMSA GT Championship drivers
Sportspeople from Deux-Sèvres
Living people
French racing drivers
24H Series drivers
Self–Trott–Bickett House is a historic home located at Newton, Catawba County, North Carolina. It was built between 1881 and 1883, and is a two-story brick, double pile house with a rear ell and Italianate and Classical Revival style design elements. It has a low hipped roof, exterior end chimneys, and a wraparound porch. It was the home of Lawrence Bickett, a grocery wholesaler and brother of North Carolina governor Thomas Walter Bickett.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Houses completed in 1883
Italianate architecture in North Carolina
Neoclassical architecture in North Carolina
Houses in Catawba County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Catawba County, North Carolina
The 1974 Brent Council election took place on 2 May 1974 to elect members of Brent London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Labour party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1974
1974 London Borough council elections
Myosin-15 also known as myosin, heavy chain 15 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the MYH15 gene.
Function
MYH15 is a slow-twitch myosin.
References
Further reading
Stephen George Frederick Hall (born 25 December 1953) is a British economist and academic.  They are currently a professor and head of the economics department at the University of Leicester, where they are a deputy pro vice chancellor.
Early life and education
Hall was born in London in 1953. They received their bachelor's degree from City University London in 1977, followed by a master's degree (1978) and doctorate (1986) from the London School of Economics. Their thesis was "Solving and Evaluating Large Non-Linear Econometric Models." They hold a doctorate of comerce honoris causa from the University of Pretoria, South Africa, where they are a visiting professor.
Career
Formerly
Senior research fellow at the national institute of economic and social research
Economic advisor at the Bank of England
Professorial research fellow at the London business school
Currently professor at leicester university
Past consultancies include
The United Nations Desai
The European central banks
The International Monetary Fund
Y
The European Commision
Numerous central banks
Select publications
Hall is a co-editor of the journal Economic Modelling, the Central European Journal of Economic Modelling and Econometrics and Applied Financial Economics.
References
External links
Stephen G. Hall: Publications
1953 births
Living people
People from Bethnal Green
Alumni of City, University of London
Alumni of the London School of Economics
Academics of the University of Leicester
Vice-Chancellors of the University of Leicester
University of Pretoria faculty
British economists
This is a list of electricity-generating power stations in the U.S. state of South Carolina, sorted by type and name. In 2020, South Carolina had a total summer capacity of 24,122 MW through all of its power plants, and a net generation of 98,529 GWh. The corresponding electrical energy generation mix in 2021 was 53.8% nuclear, 23.3% natural gas, 15.2% coal, 4% hydroelectric, 2.3% biomass, 2.3% solar, and 0.1% petroleum.
South Carolina is the nation's third largest producer of nuclear power, with four nuclear plants. Natural gas has been the most rapidly growing source of generation; quadrupling over the decade starting 2010. Data from the U.S. Energy Information Administration serves as a general reference.
Nuclear power stations
Fossil-fuel power stations
Coal
Units 2 and 3 were originally planned to be converted to natural gas as an interim step to closure, but those plans were abandoned.
Fueled by mix of coal and natural gas
Units 3 and 4 are permitted to fire up to 30% petcoke by weight on either boiler.
Natural Gas
Renewable power stations
Biomass
Hydroelectric
Solar
Storage power stations
Pumped storage
See also
List of power stations in the United States
List of pumped-storage hydroelectric power stations
References
South Carolina
Lists of buildings and structures in South Carolina
Energy in South Carolina
Grant Allen Woodhams (born 7 August 1952 in Sydney, New South Wales) is an Australian former politician. They were The Nationals member of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly from February 2005 to March 2013.
Arriving in Western Australia in 1967, Woodhams was schooled in Perth and Albany they graduated with a Bachelor of Arts from Murdoch University before starting work with ABC radio. After working with the ABC in Tasmania, New South Wales, Victoria and South Australia, Woodhams returned to Western Australia in 1990 to work in the Mid West. They left the ABC in 2004 to pursue their master's degree in Education.
At the 2005 state election, Woodhams defeated one-term Liberal MP Jamie Edwards to take the seat of Greenough for the Nationals. They were re-elected at the 2008 state election, again defeating an incumbent Liberal MP, Gary Snook, this time for the seat of Moore, following Greenough's abolition. Woodhams was elected Speaker of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly in November 2008. During their first term in the Legislative Assembly, Woodhams's style of oratory became renowned within the chamber for their adaptations of poems and songs, particularly in their budget reply speeches. While Speaker, further poetry was not forthcoming, but they concluded their valedictory speech in 2012 with their own version of "Clancy of the Overflow", entitled "Woodie, the Speaker of the Overflow".
Woodhams announced in 2012 that they would retire at the 2013 state election in order to spend more time with their family. They were succeeded by Shane Love who went on to hold the seat for the Nationals in 2013.
References
1952 births
Living people
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly
People from Sydney
Speakers of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly
National Party of Australia members of the Parliament of Western Australia
21st-century Australian politicians
Members of the Order of Australia
Norway competed at the 2018 European Athletics Championships in Berlin, Germany, from 6–12 August 2018. A delegation of 33 athletes were sent to represent the country.
Results
Men
Track and road
Field events
Combined events – Decathlon
Women
Track and road
Field events
References
Nations at the 2018 European Athletics Championships
Norway at the European Athletics Championships
European Athletics Championships
Perkins School for the Blind, in Watertown, Massachusetts, was founded in 1829 and is the oldest school for the blind in the United States. It has also been known as the Perkins Institution for the Blind.
Perkins manufactures its own Perkins Brailler, which is used to print embossed, tactile books for the blind; and the Perkins SMART Brailler, a braille teaching tool, at the Perkins Solutions division housed within the Watertown campus's former Howe Press.
History
Founded in 1829, Perkins was the first school for the blind established in the United States. The school was originally named the New England Asylum for the Blind and was incorporated on March 2, 1829. The name was eventually changed to Perkins School For the Blind. John Dix Fisher first considered the idea of a school for blind children based upon their visits to Paris at the National Institute for the Blind and was inspired to create such a school in Boston, but it was founded by Samuel Gridley Howe, who had also studied education for the blind in Europe.
The school is named in honor of Thomas Handasyd Perkins, one of the organization's incorporators. They were a Boston shipping merchant who began losing their sight about the time the school was established. In 1833, the school outgrew its first location, the Pleasant Street house of the father of founder Howe. That year Perkins donated their Pearl Street mansion as the school's second home. In 1839, Perkins sold the mansion and donated the proceeds.
This gift allowed the purchase of a more spacious building in South Boston. In 1885, were purchased in the Hyde Square section of Jamaica Plain, a residential district of Boston, to build a kindergarten. This property was home to both Laura Bridgman and Helen Keller. The school moved to its present campus, in Watertown, Massachusetts, in the autumn of 1912.
Charles Dickens visited Perkins in 1842 during a lecture tour of America and was amazed at the work Howe was doing with Laura Bridgman, a deaf-blind girl who had come to the school in 1837 from New Hampshire. They wrote about their visit in their book, American Notes.
In 1887, Perkins director Michael Anagnos sent graduate Anne Sullivan to teach Helen Keller at their family's home in Alabama. After working with their pupil at the Keller home, Sullivan returned to Perkins with Keller in 1888, and resided there intermittently until 1893.
In 1931, Perkins created the Perkins Braille and Talking Book Library (BTBL).
In 1951, David Abraham successfully manufactured the first Perkins Brailler. By 1977, about 100,000 Perkins Braillers had been produced and distributed worldwide.
Perkins today
In the 21st century, Perkins has expanded its mission online to include resources for families with blind and visually impaired children, and teachers of the visually impaired (TVIs). Perkins has also worked with local partners in Asian countries to host an online community for educators, caregivers and families.
In 2011, Perkins completed construction of the Grousbeck Center for Students and Technology on its 38-acre campus in Watertown. This facility houses accessible technology for people who are blind or visually impaired.
The most recent project in Watertown for visually impaired persons is the "Braille Trail", which was completed in July 2016. It is part of the Watertown Riverfront Park.
Perkins International
Perkins partners with local groups in 67 countries: schools, universities, NGOs, nonprofits, government agencies, and parent networks—to educate and empower people who are blind, deaf/blind or visually impaired, and who may have additional disabilities. The organization disseminates resources, such as Perkins Braillers, funding, and expertise on the ground in these countries. One such example of this work in the African countries of Tanzania, Uganda and Kenya is Perkins' role in the Kilimanjaro Blind Trust, Inc. (KBT).
Special educators from other countries are also invited to the Watertown campus every year, for an intensive study of blindness and multiple-disability education. They can take back current information to their respective regions.
Perkins Solutions
Perkins Solutions concentrates on a broad array of assistive technology and accessibility assessment, training, and consulting. The range of Perkins Braillers ships to 175 countries and includes the Classic Brailler, the Next Generation Brailler and the Smart Brailler launched in 2012 with text-to-speech output, visual display, and applications for teaching braille. This subsidiary of Perkins also partners with associations for the blind and partially sighted, education ministers and resellers around the globe in an effort to provide accessible equipment—including Perkins Braillers, brailler repair and assistive technology—to all who need it.
#BlindNewWorld
On May 5, 2016, Perkins launched BlindNewWorld, a social change campaign aimed at helping the sighted population to be more inclusive of people who are blind and to make the world more accessible to them.
National Deaf-Blind Equipment Distribution Program
On June 8, 2012, in conjunction with the Helen Keller National Center (HKNC) and the Federal Communications Commission (FCC), Perkins School for the Blind was selected to conduct nationwide outreach for the National Deaf-Blind Equipment Distribution Program (NDBEDP).
Mandated by the 21st Century Communications and Video Accessibility Act (CVAA) and established by the FCC, the NDBEDP will aid individuals with combined vision and hearing loss connect with family, friends and their community by distributing accessible communications technology. Perkins' and partners' outreach campaign to educate people on this program is called iCanConnect. It aims to inform the nearly one million people in the United States with some sort of combined hearing and vision loss on the types of equipment—e.g. screen-enlargement software, video phones and electronic refreshable braille displays—available to them free of charge.
Affiliations
Perkins Braille and Talking Book Library works in conjunction with the National Library Service for the Blind and Physically Handicapped (NLS) at its Watertown chapter.
Perkins has collaborated with the Texas School for the Blind and Visually Impaired on a Web resource called PathsToLiteracy.org, an online hub for information related to literacy for students who are blind or visually impaired, including those with additional disabilities or deafblindness.
Perkins has collaborated with Amy Bower, a blind oceanographer and senior scientist at the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution, to show students what it's like to be a blind scientist.
The international nonprofit has also worked with the American Foundation for the Blind to ensure that Expanded Core Curriculum (ECC) be taught in mainstream schools.
Perkins is a member of the Council of Schools for the Blind.
Notable alumni
Joseph B. Smith, musician and the first blind graduate of Harvard.
Robert Smithdas, the first deafblind person to earn a master's degree.
Anne Sullivan, teacher of Helen Keller.
Helen Keller, notable deafblind activist and public figure.
Laura Bridgman, the first known deafblind person to be formally educated.
Albert K. Gayzagian, the first former student and the first visually impaired person to be appointed to the Perkins Board of Trustees.
Tony DeBlois, musician and autistic savant.
Tom Sullivan, singer and writer.
Don Deignan, historian and disability advocate.
Cailin Currie, paralympian.
Jean Sorel, polyglot educator, lawyer, Radio Haiti host, and the first blind graduate of the State University of Haiti.
References
Further reading
- Submitted to the U.S. Department of Education, posted on Education Resources Information Center (ERIC)
French, Kimberly. Perkins School for the Blind: The Campus History Series. Perkins School for the Blind, 2004.
The Education of Laura Bridgman: First Deaf and Blind Person to Learn Language
The Imprisoned Guest: Samuel Howe and Laura Bridgman, The Original Deaf-Blind Girl
Mirror, Mirror on the Wall. The Diary of Bess Brennan
My Home Away from Home: Life at the Perkins School by Robert Branco
External links
BlindNewWorld
The Manliest Man
Perkins Archives
Educational institutions established in 1829
Schools for the blind in the United States
Buildings and structures in Watertown, Massachusetts
Schools in Middlesex County, Massachusetts
1829 establishments in Massachusetts
19th century in Boston
Blind academics
Scougal, also Scougall, is a Scottish surname and may refer to:
Scougal
Henry Scougal (1650–1678), Scottish theologian
John Scougal (1645–1730), Scottish painter
Patrick Scougal (1607–1682), Scottish churchman
Scougall
David Scougall (c.1610 – c.1680), Scottish portrait painter
Stefan Scougall (born 1982), Scottish footballer
See also
Scoughall
References
Surnames of Scottish origin
Soviet Screen () was an illustrated magazine published in the USSR with varying frequency from 1925 to 1998 (with a break from 1941-1957)
The magazine covered domestic and foreign news silver screen, the history of cinema, published critical articles, published creative portraits of actors and film art figures. Annually, there are also readers polls, the results of which were called Best Film of the Year, Best Actor of the Year, Best Actress of the Year, Best Film for Children of the Year and Best Music Film of the Year.
In January–March 1925 the magazine was published under the title Screen Film Gazeta, in 1929-1930 — Cinema and Life, in 1931-1939 — Proletarian Cinema, in 1991-1997 — Screen. Prior to 1992, the journal was the organ of the Union of Cinematographers of the USSR State Committee for Cinematography and the USSR. The journal published articles on domestic and foreign movie screen updates, articles on cinema history, criticism, creative portraits of actors and cinematography workers.
In 1984, the print run was 1.9 million copies. In 1991, the then editor was the film critic Victor Dyomin the magazine was renamed to Screen. Soon the magazine began to appear less frequently — monthly. Under the title Screen Magazine lasted until 1997. In 1997-1998, the magazine for several months (even when another chief editor Boris Pinsky) again came out under their old name — Soviet Screen. Unable to withstand the default of 1998, the magazine ceased to exist.
In the 21st century, in an attempt to revive the magazine, Boris Pinsky, who worked in the magazine Soviet Screen since 1981 to 1991 and in "Screen" (1992-1998), restarted the title Soviet Screen and released several of its pilot numbers, but was unable to re-establish regular production.
References
External links
Movie: Collegiate Dictionary. — M .: Soviet encyclopedia 1986.
Советский экран — Журналы СССР
1925 establishments in the Soviet Union
1998 disestablishments in Russia
Biweekly magazines
Defunct magazines published in Russia
Film magazines
Magazines established in 1925
Magazines disestablished in 1998
Magazines published in Moscow
Magazines published in Russia
Russian-language magazines
Magazines published in the Soviet Union
Richard Stanley Merrill Emrich (March 11, 1910 – October 31, 1997) was the seventh bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Michigan.
Biography
They were born in Mardin in the Ottoman Empire to American Christian missionary parents, and educated at Brown University, and the Episcopal Theological School in Cambridge, Massachusetts. They were ordained to the diaconate in October 1936 and to the priesthood in June 1938, after which they served parishes in Connecticut and Massachusetts.
Education
Emrich was a student at Phillips Academy from 1923 till 1927. They then studied at Brown University and graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in 1932. the same university awarded them a Doctor of Law in 1949. They also attended the Episcopal Theological School between 1932 and 1933 for some postgraduate studies. They earned a Bachelor of Divinity from the Union Theological Seminary in 1935. They also graduated with a Doctor of Philosophy from the University of Marburg in 1937. They were awarded an honorary Doctor of Sacred Theology from Kenyon College in 1948, and a Doctor of Divinity from Huron College in 1950.
Bishop
Emrich was elected suffragan bishop of Michigan on March 26, 1946; and then as coadjutor bishop on January 28, 1948, succeeding as diocesan on March 1, 1948, where they served till 1973. They were made Honorary Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1958. They were succeeded by H. Coleman McGehee Jr., who was elected in May 1971.
The Emrich Retreat Center at Parishfield, located in Brighton, Michigan and owned by the Episcopal Diocese of Michigan was renamed in honor of Emrich.
See also
List of bishops of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America
References
External links
Bibliographic directory from Project Canterbury
Obituary from The Living Church, November 23, 1997
1910 births
1997 deaths
Honorary Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
People from Mardin
American expatriates in the Ottoman Empire
20th-century American Episcopalians
Episcopal bishops of Michigan
In the Religious Society of Friends (Quakers), a monthly meeting or area meeting is the basic governing body, a congregation which holds regular meetings for business for Quakers in a given area. The monthly meeting is responsible for the administration of its congregants, including membership and marriages, and for the meeting's property. A monthly meeting can be a grouping of multiple smaller meetings, usually called preparative meetings, coming together for administrative purposes, while for others it is a single institution. In most countries, multiple monthly meetings form a quarterly meeting, which in turn form yearly meetings. Programmed Quakers may refer to their congregation as a church.
Management
Among Quakers, affairs are managed at a particular kind of meeting for worship, called a meeting for business, where all members are invited to attend. Decisions are made as a form of worship, where each individual sits in contemplative silence until moved to speak on a subject. At these meetings, Quakers attempt to reach unity on a subject, in a form of religious consensus decision-making, to find "the sense of the meeting". A monthly meeting is so called because it traditionally holds these meetings once a month, separate from the normal weekly meeting for worship.
Each meeting usually nominates members to serve in certain volunteer positions to facilitate administration, including:
a clerk and assistant clerk or clerks
a treasurer
a registering officer
a nominations committee
a body of trustees
a custodian of records or a committee for the purpose
A monthly meeting is usually associated with a particular place of worship; in many cases, the associated meeting house has a distinctive style of architecture and interior design, to represent the Quaker testimony of Simplicity. Some meeting houses in the United States are among the earliest remaining religious structures in the country, and the oldest meeting house is likely the Third Haven Meeting House in Talbot County, Maryland, built between 1682 and 1684.
Notes
See also
Friends World Committee for Consultation
External links
QuakerMaps: a resource for finding monthly meetings from across the spectrum of Quakerism, powered by Google Maps.
Quakerfinder: a resource for finding FGC monthly meetings in the United States.
Find a Quaker Meeting in England, Wales or Scotland.
Quaker organizations
Guandu may refer to:
Battle of Guandu (官渡之戰), a battle between Cao Cao and Yuan Shao in the Three Kingdoms Period
Guandu Station (關渡站), a station of the Taipei Metro
Guandu District (官渡区), Kunming, People's Republic of China
Towns (官渡镇)
Guandu, in Potou District, Zhanjiang, Guangdong
Guandu, Liuyang, in Liuyang City, Hunan
See also
Guandu River (disambiguation)
The 2014 Missouri Valley Conference Men's Soccer Tournament was the 24th edition of the tournament. It determined the Missouri Valley Conference's (MVC) automatic berth in the 2014 NCAA Division I Men's Soccer Championship. Bradley University hosted the tournament at Shea Stadium, which is located about from the Bradley campus in Peoria, Illinois.
The second-seeded SIUE Cougars won the tournament, besting the top-seeded Missouri State Bears in the championship match. It was SIUE's first MVC championship.
Qualification
The top six teams in the Missouri Valley Conference based on their conference regular season records qualified for the tournament. The Missouri State Bears, SIUE Cougars, Evansville Purple Aces, Drake Bulldogs, Loyola Chicago Ramblers, and Bradley Braves earned berths in the tournament. Top-seeded Missouri State and second-seeded SIUE received first round byes.
Bracket
{{6TeamBracket
| RD1 = Quarterfinals
| RD2 = Semifinals
| RD3 = Final
| group1 =
| group2 =
| seed-width =
| team-width =
| score-width =
| RD1-seed1 = 4
| RD1-team1 =Drake
| RD1-score1 = 1
| RD1-seed2 = 5
| RD1-team2 = Loyola
| RD1-score2 = 3
| RD1-seed3 = 6
| RD1-team3 = Bradley
| RD1-score3 = 1
| RD1-seed4 =3
| RD1-team4 = Evansville''
| RD1-score4 = 0
| RD2-seed1 = 1
| RD2-team1 = Missouri State
| RD2-score1 = 2
| RD2-seed2 = 4
| RD2-team2 = Loyola
| RD2-score2 = 0
| RD2-seed3 = 2
| RD2-team3 = SIUE
| RD2-score3 = 2
| RD2-seed4 = 3
| RD2-team4 = Bradley
| RD2-score4 = 1
| RD3-seed1 = 1
| RD3-team1 = Missouri State
| RD3-score1 = 0
| RD3-seed2 = 3
| RD3-team2 = SIUE — 2OT
| RD3-score2 = 1}}
Schedule
Statistical leaders
Top goalscorers
Top goalkeepers
All-tournament team
2014 Missouri Valley Conference Men's Soccer Tournament MVP— Jabari Danzy''', SIUE
See also
Missouri Valley Conference
2014 Missouri Valley Conference men's soccer season
2014 NCAA Division I men's soccer season
2014 NCAA Division I Men's Soccer Championship
References
2014
Bepong is a major town in Kwahu South district, in Eastern Ghana.
References
Populated places in the Eastern Region (Ghana)
Phelsuma malamakibo is a species of gecko endemic to the Anosy Region of Madagascar.
References
Phelsuma
Endemic fauna of Madagascar
Reptiles of Madagascar
Reptiles described in 2000
Josephus Albertus "Jos" Vandeloo (5 September 1925 – 5 October 2015) was a Belgian writer and poet.
Biography
They grew up in a mining family from Zonhoven and graduated as a chemist for the mining industry.
After the war they started working in the mine as a coal specialist and for this they travelled throughout Europe (up to 1953). At the same time they also studied Dutch and French literature at the Royal Academy and the Higher Institute for Arts in Antwerp.
After their career in the mine (as deputy director), they became director of the Belgian division of the publisher Manteau, which published a number of their works. In the sixties they were for a while sports commentator for the Belgian Radio and Television (BRT). Since 1963 they have lived in Mortsel near Antwerp.
They made their debut in 1955 with the collection of poems: Speelse parade (E: Playful parade) and became well known with the stories De muur (E: The wall) en Het gevaar (E: The danger). In 1982, they devoted themselves full-time to writing.
In their work they generally describe the negative impact of modern society, such as loneliness and alienation and they try to strive for an idealistic, paradisaical environment. They not only wrote novels, stories and poetry but also wrote several screenplays for television and also theatre plays. Their work has been translated into several European languages (such as Russian and Romanian) and they have won several awards.
Bibliography
Het kruis dat wij dragen (1953)
Speelse parade (1955)
Wij waren twee soldaten (1955)
Woorden der doofstommen (1957)
De muur (1958)
Wachten op het groene licht (1959)
Het gevaar (1960)
De vijand (1962)
Zeng (1962)
De croton (1963)
Het huis der onbekenden (1963)
Dadels voor een vizier (1965)
Een mannetje uit Polen (1965)
Vlaamse poëzie (1965)
Copernicus of De bloemen van het geluk (1967)
De Coladrinkers (1968)
De 10 minuten van Stanislas Olo (1969)
De glimlach van een vlinder (1969)
De week van de kapiteins (1969)
Nieuwe avonturen van Hokus en Pokus (1970)
Bent u ook zo'n Belg (1972)
Waarom slaap je, liefje (1972)
De muggen (1973)
Schilfers hebben scherpe kanten (1974)
Splitter haben scharfe Kanten (1974)
Mannen (1975)
Vrouwen (1978)
De Engelse les (1980)
Sarah (1982)
Les Hollandais sont là (1985)
Opa's droom (1987)
De weg naar de Ardennen (1988)
Hong Kong (1988)
De beklimming van de Mont Ventoux (1990)
Kolonie of reservaat (essay, 1992)
De vogelvrouw (1993)
De man die niet van de deurwaarder hield en andere verhalen (1995)
De liefdesboom (1998)
See also
Flemish literature
Sources
Jos Vandeloo
Jos Vandeloo
G.J. van Bork en P.J. Verkruijsse, De Nederlandse en Vlaamse auteurs (1985)
1925 births
Flemish writers
2015 deaths
People from Zonhoven
Leave It to the Girls is an American radio and television talk show, created by Martha Rountree, and broadcast, in various forms, from the 1940s through the 1980s.
Broadcast details
Radio version
The series was originally a radio program airing on the Mutual radio network starting in 1945 with hostess Paula Stone. The show was created by Meet the Press creator Martha Rountree as a serious-minded discussion of the problems of career women, but soon became a comedic commentary on love, romance, and marriage from an almost-all female panel — one man was always on the panel to provide the male viewpoint.
In addition to Rountree and Stone, women heard on the program regularly included Dorothy Kilgallen, Elissa Landi, Maggi McNellis, Constance Bennett, Robin Chandler, Hedda Hopper, and Eloise McElhone. Ted Malone posed questions. Andre Baruch and Tiny Ruffner were the announcers.
Television versions
The NBC television network broadcast the show August 21, 1947, to December 30, 1951; Maggi McNellis replaced radio show hostess Paula Stone.
Later, the series left NBC and was picked up by the ABC television network, who broadcast it from October 3, 1953, to March 27, 1954.
A syndicated weekday daytime version, also hosted by Maggi McNellis, was broadcast 1961–62.
Another version, called Leave it to the Women, produced by Chuck Barris, and hosted by Stephanie Edwards, aired 1981–1982 in syndication.
Cast
Stage and film actor Paula Stone was one of the hostesses for the radio version of the show, along with Elissa Landi and Maggi McNellis.
The NBC, ABC, and the 1960s television versions were all hosted by McNellis, a 1930s supper club singer, a 1940s radio show hostess for their own shows, and a New York City society hostess through the 1980s. All the female panelists could be characterized as "glamorous, well-dressed, showbiz types". Some of the female television panelists were Eloise McElhone (1921-1974), Vanessa Brown, Florence Pritchett, Lisa Ferraday, Ann Rutherford, Harriet Van Horne, and Janet Blair. McElhone was also host of the DuMont series Quick on the Draw and Eloise Salutes the Stars.
Among the men appearing as the solitary male presence on the television panel were George Brent, Burt Lancaster, Morey Amsterdam, Henry Morgan, and George Jessel — John Henry Faulk was the permanent male panelist in the primetime television show's last year, 1954. The male seemed to be at a disadvantage against the chattering women, as the only way they could manage to break into their constant babbling was to toot a toy horn.
Stephanie Edwards was the hostess for the all-female version of the show in 1981 and 1982. Producer Chuck Barris originally had filmed the pilot for sale to the NBC network, but later bought back the rights and syndicated the show. A sampling of the guests from one show were TV journalist Shana Alexander, singer/actor Della Reese, and 1966 Playboy Centerfold (and wife of Dick Martin), Dolly Martin.
Episode status
The October 21, 1951, television episode survives at The Paley Center for Media. The same archive also has several of the radio episodes.
See also
Leave it to the Girls - Australian version
References
External links
1949 American television series debuts
1982 American television series endings
1940s American radio programs
1950s American television series
1960s American television series
1980s American television talk shows
American Broadcasting Company original programming
Black-and-white American television shows
English-language television shows
First-run syndicated television programs in the United States
NBC original programming
Television series based on radio series
Mutual Broadcasting System programs
Joshua Leroy Franklin Siafa (born 7 October 1994) is an English professional footballer who plays as a defender.
Playing career
Millwall
Siafa was attached to the Arsenal Academy until they switched to the West Ham United Academy in August 2008. They were released by the "Hammers" in 2013 and signed with Millwall.
Having been regular in Neil Harris' U21 Development Squad throughout the course of the 2013/14 season, Saifa signed their first professional contract with the club ahead of the 2014–15 season. Siafa made their professional debut, in the first round of Football League Cup, coming on as a substitute for Jermaine Easter in the 84h minutes, in a 1–0 against Wycombe Wanderers. However, after two years at Millwall, Siafa was among eighteen players to be released by the club when their contract expired.
They joined Scottish Premiership club Kilmarnock as a trialist in July 2015, and is part of their pre season training squad.
Career statistics
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
English footballers
Association football defenders
Millwall F.C. players
English Football League players
English sportspeople of Sierra Leonean descent
Black British sportspeople
"Re-Arrange" is an song by Scottish alternative rock band Biffy Clyro, and the fourth single from the band's seventh studio album, Ellipsis.
Charts
References
External links
Music video on YouTube
Biffy Clyro songs
2016 songs
2016 singles
14th Floor Records singles
Songs written by Simon Neil
An organ stop can mean one of three things:
the control on an organ console that selects a particular sound
the row of organ pipes used to create a particular sound, more appropriately known as a rank
the sound itself
Organ stops are sorted into four major types: principal, string, reed, and flute.
This is a sortable list of names that may be found associated with electronic and pipe organ stops. Countless stops have been designed over the centuries, and individual organs may have stops, or names of stops, used nowhere else. This non-comprehensive list deals mainly with names of stops found on numerous Baroque, classical and romantic organs. Here are a few of the most common ones:
References
External links
a French organ builder's site in sometimes puzzling English.
Music-related lists
Musical terminology
Jozsef Phelim Keaveny (born 12 October 1999) is a professional footballer who plays as a forward for Angkor Tiger.
Club career
Keaveny played for their local club Leicester City for 10 years in their youth teams. They were released by Leicester in June 2019 and signed for AEK Larnaca of the Cypriot First Division on 9 July 2019. They made their debut in senior football on 8 November 2019, coming off the bench in the 84th minute in a game against Doxa Katokopias and scoring the winner in the 95th minute in a 2–1 win for their side. At the end of 2020, they returned to Leicester City as a mentor after being forced to retire from professional football due to injury. In August 2021, they were playing part-time for United Counties League side Anstey Nomads. On 20 January 2022, Keaveny returned to professional football to join C-League side Angkor Tiger.
International career
Keaveny was called up to the Republic of Ireland U17 squad in 2016 for 2 games against Switzerland U17.  They are eligible to play for Republic of Ireland as 3 of their grandparents are from there.  They are also eligible to play for Hungary through their maternal grandfather from Budapest and England as it is their country of birth.
Personal life
Keaveny grew up a Celtic and Republic of Ireland fan, stating that they idolised Roy Keane, a former player with both.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
References
External links
Profile at United Counties League
1999 births
Living people
Republic of Ireland association footballers
Association football forwards
Cypriot First Division players
Leicester City F.C. players
AEK Larnaca FC players
Anstey Nomads F.C. players
Expatriate footballers in Cyprus
Republic of Ireland expatriate association footballers
Irish expatriate sportspeople in Cyprus
Footballers from Leicester
Irish people of Hungarian descent
Expatriate footballers in Cambodia
English expatriate footballers
English expatriate sportspeople in Cambodia
Angkor Tiger FC players
William M. Connell School is a historic school located at 650 Plymouth Avenue in Fall River, Massachusetts. It was built in 1893 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It was designed by notable city architect Joseph M. Darling on the same plan as the Davol School. The school is named after William Connell, who served as the city's Superintendent of Schools from 1872 to 1894.
The Connell School was one of about a dozen elementary schools closed in June 2008 by the city, with the opening of several new, larger buildings.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Fall River, Massachusetts
References
School buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
Buildings and structures in Fall River, Massachusetts
Schools in Bristol County, Massachusetts
School buildings completed in 1893
National Register of Historic Places in Fall River, Massachusetts
Type 919 hospital ship is a type of hospital ship (AH) built in the People's Republic of China (PRC) for the People's Liberation Army Navy (PLAN). Type 919 hospital ship has received NATO reporting name Anshen class (meaning soothing the nerves). Two ships have been built by end of 2021.
Displaced more than four thousand tons when fully loaded, Type 919 hospital ship is designed to fill the gap between smaller Qiongsha-class ambulance transport (APH) and much larger Type 920 hospital ship (AH). Type 919 hospital ship is equipped with more than a hundred hospital beds, internal medicine, ophthalmology, otorhinolaryngology, psychology and surgery departments, and can support three surgeries to be performed onboard simultaneously. In addition, the ship is also equipped with helipad.
References
Auxiliary ships of the People's Liberation Army Navy
Agosti is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Antonio Pacheco D'Agosti (born 1976), Uruguayan retired footballer
Carlos Agostí (born 1922), Spanish-born Mexican film actor
Deborah Agosti (born c. 1952), American Justice of the Supreme Court of Nevada from 1999 to 2005
Ghigo Agosti (born 1936), Italian singer, musician and composer
Guido Agosti (1901–1989), Italian pianist and piano teacher
Livia Leu Agosti (born 1961), the first female ambassador of Switzerland to France and former Swiss Ambassador to Iran
Lucilla Agosti (born 1978), Italian radio and television presenter and actor
Mario Agosti (1904-1992), Italian athlete
Maristella Agosti, Italian full professor at the University of Padua, in the Department of Information Engineering
Orlando Ramón Agosti (1924–1997), Argentine air force general
Given name
Augustin Chaho, an important Romantic Basque writer
Italian-language surnames
The Perijá tapaculo (Scytalopus perijanus) is a species of passerine bird in the family Rhinocryptidae (tapaculos). Endemic to the Serranía del Perijá mountain range on the Colombia–Venezuela border, the Perijá tapaculo is found at altitudes of . Its body is long and its tail is about long. Specimens have long been stored in museums, but the species was described only in 2015 based on sixteen specimens found between July 2008 and February 2009. It is considered vulnerable to extinction.
Adults have neutral grey heads, brown necks, brown-sepia striped backs, and grey-white bellies, breasts, and throats. Males have some buff markings on their breasts, and less sharp brown spots on their napes than females. The Perijá tapaculo is a secretive bird and therefore difficult to observe; as a result its ecology is poorly known. It feeds on insects and reproduces between April and July. Its range is partially within Chamicero de Perijá Bird Reserve in Colombia and the Sierra de Perijá National Park in Venezuela.
Taxonomy
Tapaculos are the most primitive family of suboscines, divided into 12 genera containing 60 species. Scytalopus, the genus to which the Perijá tapaculo belongs, has an abundance of similar species, many of which are difficult to classify through appearance. Some individual species from other genera are like Scytalopus in size and plumage, but have different behaviour and morphological features. Vocal studies and mitochondrial DNA analysis are often used to differentiate between species within the genus; a number of visually identical species previously classified as subspecies of the Magellanic tapaculo (S. magellanicus) have been identified through these methods, and the majority of subspecies within the genus have subsequently been reclassified as separate species.
Between 1941 and 1942, American ornithologist Melbourne Armstrong Carriker collected 27 specimens of the Perijá tapaculo in six locations on the western side of the Serranía del Perijá. They identified them as specimens of the white-crowned tapaculo (S. atratus), despite size and colour differences, and sent them to the National Museum of Natural History in Washington, D.C. In 1953, the specimens began to attract the attention of biologists, and were successively identified as the brown-rumped tapaculo (S. latebricola), the Caracas tapaculo (S. caracae), and the Mérida tapaculo (S. meridanus). Some further believed that the specimens could belong to an undescribed species, or constitute a subspecies of the pale-bellied tapaculo (S. griseicollis) or the Mérida tapaculo based on morphological studies, but they were never classified as any of these.
In September 2006, biologists Juan Pablo López and Alexander Cortés Diago found two specimens in a cloud forest at an altitude of on the western side of the Serranía del Perijá in Colombia, but the information collected was insufficient to identify a new species. Between July 2008 and February 2009, sixteen new specimens were collected in an area previously explored by Carriker. New vocal, morphological, genetic, and ecological studies of these specimens confirmed that they constituted a new species, Scytalopus perijanus, first described by Jorge Enrique Avendaño et al. on 11 March 2015 following a three-year expedition, and accepted by the South American Classification Committee. The Latin word perijanus refers to the Serranía del Perijá mountain range, and the genus name Scytalopus comes from the Greek skutale (stick) and pous (foot).
The type specimen of the Perijá tapaculo, an adult male, was found in the Serranía del Perijá near the El Cinco vereda of Manaure, Cesar Department, Colombia, at an altitude of . Avendaño lured the specimen by playing a recording of its song on 10 July 2008 at the edge of a montane forest. Sequence analysis of the mitochondrial gene ND2 from the Perijá tapaculo showed that its nearest relatives are the brown-rumped tapaculo, Caracas tapaculo, and Mérida tapaculo.
Description
The Perijá tapaculo is a small bird, in length with an average mass of 17 to 18 grams (about 0.6 oz). The bill averages long, wide, and high. The legs are about long. The Perijá tapaculo's tarsus averages long. The wings measure on average and the tail is about long with between 8 and 12 rectrices.
The forehead, lores, crown, mantle, and scapular area are a neutral grey colour. There is a brown spot on the nape. The top of the tail is brown, and the bottom is faintly striped brown. The bird's back and rump are striped brown-sepia, and the throat, breast, and belly are grey-white. Its lower belly and flanks are tawny. The iris is dark brown. Male specimens are distinguished by having less sharp brown spots on their napes, and the bottom of their breasts are mixed with a pale buff colour. The legs are brown on the back and whitish on the front. Young birds have a yellowish appearance with striped brown flanks.
The bird's plumage colouration is most similar to the pale-bellied tapaculo. The S. g. morenoi subspecies of the pale-bellied tapaculo can be differentiated from the Perijá tapaculo by its entirely brown back and nape, and its different calls. Juveniles of this subspecies have a dull ventral plumage, while the Perijá tapaculo has a more yellow plumage. It also resembles the Caracas tapaculo but has a duller ventral colour.
Ecology and behaviour
Like other species in genus Scytalopus, the Perijá tapaculo is secretive and therefore difficult to observe. The call and song differ from those of most other species in the genus, and the latter is composed of two short churrs repeating up to 65 times at 0.5 to 3 second intervals. The diet of the species is little known, but studies of the stomach contents of seven specimens suggested that they fed exclusively on insects.
Little is known about the reproduction of the species, but it is believed to nest between April and July. The species builds its globular nests in underground cavities about in diameter and about in height, lined with mosses, grasses, and plant roots around a central space about wide. The nests are accessed by a short tunnel with a depth of and a diameter of . Young birds may leave the nest at the end of June. Like those of other Scytalopus species, male specimens have demonstrated involvement in parenting.
Distribution and habitat
The Perijá tapaculo is endemic to the Serranía del Perijá, a mountain range on the Colombia–Venezuela border known for its high rates of endemism. It has been observed in nineteen localities on both sides of the border between altitudes of above sea level; in its northern range, there are no suitable forests below . The bird has been observed at on the Venezuelan side, and at 1,6003,225 m on the Colombian side.
The Perijá tapaculo lives in and on the edges of humid rainforests, as well as in elfin forests and amongst woody páramo shrubs in high-mountain grassland areas, especially at altitudes of . Some specimens have been observed feeding in dense thickets within of the ground, often near the forest. Others have been observed running among bushes through open grassy areas.
The species has not been identified as being sympatric with any other species of the genus Scytalopus. However, there is a possibility that its range overlaps with that of the S. atratus nigricans, which occupies a different micro-habitat on the eastern side of the Serranía del Perijá at altitudes of ; or that it may be found within the range of the pale-bellied tapaculo in the lower reaches of the Serranía de Los Motilones mountain range, south of the Serranía del Perijá.
Threats and protection
Avendaño et al. wrote in the original description of the Perijá tapaculo that the size and quality of the species' range are being reduced, although it can tolerate a certain level of fragmentation of its range. Its natural habitat covers about . The description entails the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) classification of this species as near threatened. The authors believe that to protect the Perijá tapaculo, conservation measures on the Colombian side of the border should be implemented, as the forests of the Serranía del Perijá have been largely destroyed on the Colombian side by logging activities and forest clearance for agriculture.
On 28 January 2014, prior to the formal description of the bird, the Chamicero de Perijá Bird Reserve was created by Fundación ProAves to maintain one of Colombia's most fragile habitats. In addition to the Perijá tapaculo, several other Perijá-endemic endangered species, such as the Perijá metaltail (Metallura iracunda) and Perijá thistletail (Asthenes perijana) are protected within this reserve's . The Colombian section of the Serranía del Perijá is dangerous for scientific excursions due to the presence of the FARC guerrilla group in the region. In Venezuela, the Sierra de Perijá National Park covers and partially protects the habitat of the Perijá tapaculo.
References
Citations
General bibliography
External links
Perijá tapaculo
Birds of the Serranía del Perijá
Páramo fauna
Perijá tapaculo
Articles containing video clips
{{Taxobox
| name = Seed and leaf gall nematode
| image =Anguina-agrostis.jpg
| image_caption =Anguina agrostis
| regnum = Animalia
| phylum = Nematoda
| classis = Secernentea
| subclassis = Diplogasteria
| ordo = Tylenchida
| superfamilia = Tylenchoidea
| familia = Heteroderidae
| subfamilia = Heteroderinae
| genus = Anguina| genus_authority = Scopoli, 1773
| subdivision_ranks = Species
| subdivision = See text
}}Anguina Anguina at Department of Nematology, University of California (seed-gall nematode, seed and leaf gall nematode, seed gall nematode, shoot gall nematode') is a genus of plant pathogenic nematodes.
Species
In addition to the type species:
Anguina tritici (Steinbuch, 1799) Filipjev, 1936
species include:
Former species
Anguina lolii Price, 1973 now a syn. Anguina agrostis Anguina millefolii now Subanguina millefolii (Low, 1874) Brzeski, 1981
Anguina phalaridis (Steinbuch) Chizhov, 1980 now a syn. Anguina agrostis Anguina poophila Kirjanova, 1952, now a syn. Anguina agrostis Anguina tumefaciens now Subanguina tumefaciens'' (Cobb, 1932) Fortuner & Maggenti, 1987
References
Agricultural pest nematodes
Tylenchida
Secernentea genera
Rosa Visiedo Claverol is the Chancellor of CEU Cardinal Herrera University. They took up the post on 14 October 2011.
Education
Visiedo Claverol received their Bachelor's degree in Information Sciences (journalism) at the Polytechnic University of Valencia, and their doctorate of Information Sciences(Marketing) at the Complutense University of Madrid.
They have held various positions at CEU Cardinal Herrera University, including Secretary General, Vice Chancellor for Students and Quality, Vice Chancellor of Communication, Quality and European Convergence, Dean of the Faculty of Social Sciences and Law.
References
CEU Cardinal Herrera University faculty
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Complutense University of Madrid alumni
William Pickett (died 1796) was an English goldsmith and local politician, Lord Mayor of London in 1789.
Goldsmith
Pickett was in business as a goldsmith on Ludgate Hill from 1758, initially a partner in Thead & Pickett. From 1768 to 1777 they traded under their own name. From 1777 Philip Rundell was a partner with them in Pickett & Rundell. In December 1781 their daughter died of burns after their clothes caught fire the previous evening. Pickett had been in the same room, but was unable to react quickly enough.
In 1786 Rundell bought out Pickett, and within about a year the firm became Rundell and Bridge, the dominant London goldsmiths for half a century.
Politician
Pickett was elected alderman of Cornhill Ward in 1783. In London's Court of Alderman they belonged to the Whig group, opposed to the government of William Pitt the younger in the 1790s. In 1787, at the request of local traders, they campaigned for the removal of Temple Bar, but without success. While this scheme for street widening was thrown out, Pickett did succeed with another, near the Strand in the area of St Clement Danes. The resulting new Pickett Street was only called for that name for a short while, the traditional name Strand prevailing. The new development was demolished in 1870, to make way for the Royal Courts of Justice.
A reforming Lord Mayor for 1789, Pickett then stood as a parliamentary candidate, for the , in 1790. Without a political organisation they came bottom of the poll. They stood again in 1796, as an opponent of the sedition bills, with little more success.
Death
Pickett was buried in the family vault in Stoke Newington on 24 December 1796.
Family
They married Elizabeth Pratten. Other sources say they married the daughter of their partner Thead.
Notes
Year of birth missing
1796 deaths
18th-century lord mayors of London
18th-century English politicians
English goldsmiths
Franklin Miguel Morales (born January 24, 1986) is a Venezuelan former professional baseball pitcher. They played in MLB for the Colorado Rockies, Boston Red Sox, Kansas City Royals, and Toronto Blue Jays.
Professional career
Colorado Rockies
A power-throwing left-hander, Morales made their Major League debut on August 18, 2007, against the Los Angeles Dodgers. They pitched 5 innings, gave up one run, but got a no-decision. In 2007, Morales was selected to the All-Star Futures Game at AT&T Park in San Francisco. Morales made 8 starts in 2007 going 3-2 with a 3.43 ERA. They were also part of the Rockies' 25-man active roster for the postseason where the team went to the World Series for the first time ever but lost to the Red Sox in a 4-game sweep.
On April 29, 2008, Morales was optioned to the Colorado Rockies Triple-A affiliate, the Colorado Springs Sky Sox in response to a sub-par performance during the early 2008 Major League season. During the 2008 season, they made 5 starts going 1-2 with a 6.39 ERA in the Majors.
In spring training in 2009, Morales led all pitchers in pickoffs, with 5, in 28 innings.. They began the regular season in the starting rotation, but after struggling early they were optioned to the Triple-A Colorado Springs Sky Sox. They were called back up and has been pitching from the bullpen since July 7. In 2009, Morales made 40 appearances (2 starts) going 3-2 with a 4.50 ERA.
In 2010, Morales made 35 relief appearances going 0-4 with a 6.28 ERA.
Morales started the 2011 season with 14 relief appearances going 0-1 with a 3.86 ERA.
Boston Red Sox
On May 19, 2011, Morales was acquired by the Boston Red Sox for a player to be named later or cash considerations. On May 22, they made their debut appearance for the Red Sox in a game against the Chicago Cubs. Morales finished the 2011 season with Boston making 36 relief appearances going 1-1 with a 3.62 ERA. Overall in 2011 combined with two teams, Morales made a total of 50 appearances going 1-2 with a 3.69 ERA.
Near the end of the 2012 season, Morales was injured. They were diagnosed with a shoulder injury. They had a starting job before September and stuck with it until their injury. On January 16, 2012, Morales signed a one-year deal worth $850K with the Red Sox, avoiding arbitration. During the 2012 season, Morales made 37 appearances (9 starts) going 3-4 with a 3.77 ERA. In the off-season they trained to be a starter for 2013.
In 2013, Morales made 20 appearances (1 start) going 2-2 with a 4.62 ERA. Morales made 3 appearances in the postseason. In their final appearance in a Red Sox uniform, they relieved Clay Buchholz in Game 6 of the ALCS. With the Red Sox ahead 1-0 in the 6th inning and two inherited runners on base, Morales walked Prince Fielder on 4 pitches, then fell behind Victor Martinez before yielding a 2-run Wall Ball single. Morales was replaced by Brandon Workman who ended the inning without further damage. The Sox won the game when Shane Victorino hit a 7th inning grand slam. Morales did not pitch in the World Series as the Red Sox won the championship over the St. Louis Cardinals. They were traded by the Red Sox before the end of the year.
Second stint with Rockies
On December 18, 2013, Morales was traded back to the Colorado Rockies along with minor league pitcher Chris Martin for utility man Jonathan Herrera.
After being primarily a relief pitcher for the Red Sox in their previous three years, Morales found their way back into a starting role to begin the 2014 season with the Rockies; they made their season debut on April 3 as the team's fourth starter, giving up 3 earned runs and 8 hits in innings in a no decision against the Miami Marlins.
Kansas City Royals
Morales signed a minor league deal with the Kansas City Royals on February 19, 2015 and made the team out of spring training. They got their first win with the team on April 19, throwing the final two pitches of an at bat to Brett Lawrie after Kelvin Herrera was ejected for throwing at Lawrie. Morales finished the 2015 season with a 3.18 ERA and a 4-2 record in 67 relief appearances. With the Royals finishing the season 95-67, the team clinched the AL Central and eventually won the 2015 World Series against the New York Mets, their first championship in 30 years. It was the second championship Morales won in their career.
Milwaukee Brewers
On March 4, 2016, Morales signed a minor league deal with the Milwaukee Brewers with an invitation to spring training. They were released on March 28.
Toronto Blue Jays
On April 2, 2016, Morales signed a one-year, $2 million contract with the Toronto Blue Jays. After making two appearances for the Blue Jays, Morales was placed on the 15-day disabled list with shoulder fatigue. They were later transferred to the 60-day disabled list. Morales began a rehab assignment in June, and on July 22, was activated by the Blue Jays. On August 1, Morales was designated for assignment. They were released by the Blue Jays on August 9.
Acereros de Monclova
On June 22, 2017, Morales signed with the Acereros de Monclova of the Mexican Baseball League. They became a free agent after the 2017 season.
See also
List of Major League Baseball players from Venezuela
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
Acereros de Monclova players
Asheville Tourists players
Boston Red Sox players
Buffalo Bisons (minor league) players
Casper Rockies players
Colorado Rockies players
Colorado Springs Sky Sox players
Dunedin Blue Jays players
Greenville Drive players
Kansas City Royals players
Leones del Caracas players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Major League Baseball players from Venezuela
Mexican League baseball pitchers
Modesto Nuts players
Pawtucket Red Sox players
People from Guárico
Portland Sea Dogs players
Toronto Blue Jays players
Tulsa Drillers players
Venezuelan expatriate baseball players in Canada
Venezuelan expatriate baseball players in Mexico
Venezuelan expatriate baseball players in the United States
World Baseball Classic players of Venezuela
2017 World Baseball Classic players
Idol × Warrior Miracle Tunes! was originally broadcast from April 2, 2017 to March 25, 2018 on TV Tokyo and BS TV Tokyo. Episodes were also uploaded onto Takara Tomy's YouTube channel one week after its original broadcast date, with each new episode available to the public for up to one week.
Takashi Miike is the general director of the series. Additional staff members included Yoshitaka Yamaguchi, Takeshi Yokoi, Kenichiro Nishiumi, and Ryusuke Kurahashi as episode directors, with Hisako Fujihira, Kana Matsui, and Mao Aoki as the main writers for the show. The dances are choreographed by EXPG Studio.
Television ratings for Idol × Warrior Miracle Tunes! were low, averaging 1% in nationwide viewership and about 5-10% of viewers from the target audience. In addition, the official social media accounts had only 6,000 followers. However, it was considered a critical success and was credited as starting a "new genre" for shows aimed at the female toddler to primary school age demographic. The show was seen as a female counterpart to the Super Sentai series and focused on themes popular with the young female demographic, most notably Japanese idols. Sumiko Kodama from Confidence credits that the show's integration of J-pop elements in collaboration with LDH also made the presentation easy for audiences of all ages to enjoy, as Miracle²'s real-life debut would remind older audiences of Speed. Editors at Real Sound believe the popularity of Idol × Warrior Miracle Tunes! came from the revived interest in live-action tokusatsu shows aimed at a female audience, which had declined in the early 1990s due to competing toy sales with Sailor Moon and growing interest in magical girl anime series.
All theme songs were performed by Miracle², consisting of core cast members Asaka Uchida, Suzuka Adachi, Yuzuha Oda, Rina Usukura, and Mio Nishiyama performing as their characters. They are credited under the name . The opening theme songs to the show are "Catch Me!" from episodes 1-15; "Catch Me! (Powered Up Version)" from episodes 16-25, an updated version including Usukura and Nishiyama's vocals; and from episodes 25-51. The ending theme songs are from episodes 1-15, "Jump!" from episodes 16-25, "Happy" from episodes 26-40, and from episodes 45-51.
A documentary titled aired on September 1, 2017 as a television special. The documentary contains behind-the-scenes footage on the show, including the main cast's auditions and dance rehearsals.
Episode list
Specials
Home media
Kadokawa released several region 2 DVDs for rental as the series was airing. After the show's end, the episodes were collected and released at major retailers as region 2 DVD sets, which also contained extras such as behind-the-scenes footage, press conferences, and events.
Rental
Box sets
References
2017 Japanese television seasons
2018 Japanese television seasons
J. Cole: 4 Your Eyez Only is a documentary directed by J. Cole and Scott Lazer, and produced by Cole, Tim Grant, Ibrahim Hamad and Adam Roy Rodney. It premiered on April 15, 2017 on HBO.
Premise
Incorporating music from the album 4 Your Eyez Only, Cole captured stories of residents in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, Atlanta, Georgia, Ferguson, Missouri, their father's hometown, Jonesboro, Arkansas and their hometown, Fayetteville, North Carolina. Entertainment Weekly reported, "The documentary promises to illustrate how their struggles over viable housing, voting laws for felons, integration, and more mirror the frustrations felt across the nation." The documentary included security camera footage of a SWAT raid that took place on March 18, 2016 at Cole's North Carolina home studio, which served as inspiration for the track "Neighbors". Cole also previewed new music in the documentary. Cole spoke about the documentary with The New York Times saying:
Release
On March 24, 2017 HBO announced their second documentary with Cole titled, J. Cole: 4 Your Eyez Only, following Forest Hills Drive: Homecoming in 2016. they documentary aired April 15, 2017 on HBO and HBO Now. The documentary was exclusively screened at the Troxy in London on April 19, 2017. On May 1, 2017 the film was uploaded on Dreamville's YouTube channel.
Reception
Critical response
Writing for Billboard, J'na Jefferson praised the film saying it "brings black perseverance to the forefront".
Accolades
See also
Eyez
References
External links
J. Cole
HBO documentary films
2017 films
2010s American films
BH Virginis is a binary star system in the equatorial constellation of Virgo. With a typical apparent visual magnitude of 9.6, it is too faint to be visible to the naked eye. Based on parallax measurements, it is located at a distance of approximately 488 light years from the Sun. The system is drifting closer with a net radial velocity of −23 km/s.
This system was determined to be a short period variable star by C. Hoffmeister in 1935. W. Zessewitsch found a period of for the system in 1944. In 1957, M. Kitamura and associates refined the light curve of this Algol-type eclipsing variable and discovered some irregular fluctuations not explained by the eclipse cycle. R. H. Koch in 1967 reported observing a change in the depth of the primary eclipse. In 1982, M. Hoffmann concluded that both stars are intrinsically variable, indicating this is an RS Canum Venaticorum variable system.
This is a near-contact binary system with a circular orbit having a period of . The orbital plane is inclined at an angle of 88° to the line of sight from the Earth, allowing both components to eclipse each other once per orbit. During the deep primary eclipse the system decreases in brightness by 0.96 magnitude, while the shallower secondary eclipse decreases the system by 0.64 magnitude. Cyclical oscillations in the orbital period have been observed with two short-term periods of 9.2 and 11.8 years, and a longer-term oscillation of 51.7 years. The short term oscillations may be due to magnetic activity on the stars, while the longer period could be caused by an unseen third body.
Both components of this system are G-type main-sequence stars, with stellar classifications of G0V and G2V, respectively. Evidence of star spots have been found on both stars, but appear to be predominantly on the secondary component. The two stars are somewhat larger and more massive than the Sun.
References
Further reading
G-type main-sequence stars
RS Canum Venaticorum variables
Eclipsing binaries
Algol variables
Virgo (constellation)
BD−00 2769
121909
068258
Virginis, BH
The Sea Beast is a 2022 computer-animated adventure film directed by Chris Williams, who co-wrote the screenplay with Nell Benjamin and produced with Jed Schlanger. The film stars the voices of Karl Urban, Zaris-Angel Hator, Jared Harris, and Marianne Jean-Baptiste. It tells the story of a sea monster hunter and a young orphan girl who joins their group of sea monster hunters on their search for the elusive Red Bluster, which after a misadventure led the hunter and the girl to befriend the creature.
The film began a limited theatrical release on June 24, 2022, before debuting on Netflix on July 8. It received positive reviews from critics.
Plot
For hundreds of years, sea beasts have surfaced to wreak havoc against humankind. In response, sailors venture outward on their ships to hunt the beasts across the ocean, the most famous of these being the crew of "The Inevitable"; led by the legendary Captain Crow, their first mate Sarah Sharpe, and their adopted son Jacob Holland. They are financially backed by the King and Queen of The Crown, who have established a distinguished society dubbed Three Bridges. After being nearly killed during a hunt, Crow tells Jacob that they will make them captain once they kill a female beast known as the Red Bluster that took their eye.
The crew returns to Three Bridges to collect payment for their latest catch, but are told by the King and Queen that they will soon be replaced by a naval vessel named "The Imperator", headed by Admiral Hornagold, who will carry on the hunting of sea beasts in their place. Jacob proposes that their crew be given one more chance to kill the Red Bluster to continue hunting beasts in their name if they succeed, which the King and Queen accept.
After they depart, the crew discovers that an orphan girl named Maisie Brumble has stowed away on the ship to join them, having been inspired to do so by their late parents who died during a hunt. The Inevitable finds and attacks the Red Bluster. Against Crow's orders, Jacob hesitantly allows Maisie to cut a rope connecting the ship to the Bluster, which saves the crew, but lets the Bluster escape and throws Jacob and Maisie into the sea. Angered, Crow holds both of them at gunpoint and demands Jacob bring Maisie to them before the Bluster emerges from the depths and swallows Maisie and Jacob whole.
The Bluster takes Jacob and Maisie to an isolated island populated by several other beasts. Maisie discovers that the Bluster is not malicious and befriends the beast, naming their Red, while also befriending a smaller beast named Blue. Maisie begins to believe that the monsters are really just misunderstood creatures, which Jacob initially denies. Jacob and Maisie convince Red to take them to Rum Pepper island, so they can secure a ship to return to Three Bridges.
Believing Jacob to be dead, Crow seeks out an elderly merchant named Gwen Batterbie, who gives Crow a poison-tipped harpoon powerful enough to kill Red. While on Red's back, Jacob and Maisie bond with the creature and each other, with Jacob growing to support Maisie's belief of the beasts being innocent. They reach Rum Pepper Island but discover that the Imperator and Hornagold are stationed there. Red attacks the vessel, which wounds Maisie in the scuffle. After destroying the Imperator, Jacob momentarily stops Red from killing Hornagold. Red spots the Inevitable and attacks, but is shot with the poison-tipped harpoon and nearly dies, with Crow keeping them alive long enough to bring them to The Crown as a trophy.
Maisie is nursed back to health, but then imprisoned aboard the Inevitable as it arrives at Three Bridges with Red in tow. After Blue frees Maisie, they realize the hatred of sea beasts is all propaganda created by the Crown to extended their rule. Crow prepares to publicly execute Red before being stopped by Jacob. Crow and Jacob fight, while Maisie and Sarah, who begins to believe Maisie's worldview of the beasts, free Red from their binds. Maisie and Jacob convince Red to spare Crow, subsequently exposing The Crown for their deceptions. After witnessing the passive nature of the beasts, Crow and the rest of the kingdom renounce their beliefs. With Red and the other sea beasts left alone, Maisie, Blue, and Jacob begin their new lives together as a family.
Voice cast
Karl Urban as Jacob Holland
Zaris-Angel Hator as Maisie Brumble
Jared Harris as Captain Augustus Crow III
Marianne Jean-Baptiste as Sarah Sharpe
Benjamin Plessala as Child 1
Somali Rose as Child 2
Kaya McLean as Child 3
Davis Pak as Child 4 / Villager Boy
Helen Sadler as Matron / Ms. Beth Merino / Cart Driver
Xana Tang as Lea the Lookout
Alex Wyndham as Sailor 1 / Sailor 2 / Villager
Brian T. Delaney as Jim Nicklebones
Ian Mercer as Old Nick
Shannon Chan-Kent as Fen
Max Mittelman as Young Sailor
Paul Chowdhry as Surgeon
Jim Carter as the King
Doon Mackichan as the Queen
Dan Stevens as Admiral Eric Hornagold
Rajia Baroudi as General
Kathy Burke as Gwen Batterbie
Emily O'Brien as Villager 1 / Villager 2
David Lee as Sergeant
Jason Anthony as Sailor
Mark Rhino Smith as Various
Production
On November 5, 2018, Netflix announced that Chris Williams will write and direct the animated movie Jacob and the Sea Beast. On November 7, 2020, the film was retitled to The Sea Beast.
Animation services were provided by Sony Pictures Imageworks in Vancouver.
Mark Mancina composed the film's score. Mancina also produced an original song called "Captain Crow" a sea shanty depicting the character written by Nell Benjamin and Laurence O'Keefe.
Release
In March 2022, Netflix announced its premiere date for July 8, 2022. The film was released in select theaters on June 24, 2022, before its Netflix debut.
Reception
On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 74 out of 100 based on 20 critics, indicating favorable reviews.
References
External links
2022 adventure films
2020s American animated films
2022 fantasy films
2020s children's animated films
2020s monster movies
2022 computer-animated films
2022 directorial debut films
2022 films
American adventure films
American animated fantasy films
Canadian adventure films
Canadian animated fantasy films
English-language Netflix original films
Films directed by Chris Williams
Films scored by Mark Mancina
Films with screenplays by Chris Williams
Giant monster films
Kaiju films
Netflix Animation films
Seafaring films
2020s English-language films
Pirate films
2020s Canadian films
Somebody Loan Me a Dime is a 1974 studio album by blues singer and guitarist Fenton Robinson, their debut under the Alligator Records imprint. Blending together some elements of jazz with Chicago blues and Texas blues, the album was largely critically well received and is regarded as important within their discography. Among the album's tracks is a re-recording of their 1967 signature song, "Somebody Loan Me a Dime". It has been reissued multiple times in the United States and Japan, including with bonus tracks.
Critical reception
The album overall received good reception by critics and is described by the 1993 The Big Book of Blues as "essential listening." AllMusic in its review characterized the album as "one of the most subtly satisfying electric blues albums of the '70s". New York based WGMC blue radio host Jeff Harris describes the album as "one of the era's true masterpieces", Robinson's "pinnacle".
Village Voice Robert Christgau offers some dissent; though they graded the album a B+ overall, indicated that Robinson's voice (though well utilized) lacked power, their songs lacked hooks (aside from "Gotta Wake Up") and their music was "stylish and thoughtful" but restrained. AllMusic's Bill Dahl, by contrast, praised Robinson for the power of several compositions and focused particularly on their voice, a "deep, rich baritone [that] sounds more like a magic carpet than a piece of barbed wire," indicating that Robinson "speaks in jazz-inflected tongues, full of complex surprises." Harris, too, pays particular attention to Robinson's voice, which they describe as "a thing of beauty, a deep, rich baritone that glides along and is a perfect counterpoint to their elegant guitar work."
Music
The album includes a new recording of "Somebody Loan Me a Dime", that Robinson had originally released in 1967 for the Palos label. The song is regarded as Robinson's signature piece and their best-known number. In 1969, Boz Scaggs popularized the song with rock audiences, when they recorded it with Duane Allman on lead guitar for their second album. Although Scaggs is listed as the songwriter on the original album, later reissues credit Robinson. The title song serves as the background music during the opening scenes of the movie The Blues Brothers, a movie responsible for revitalizing Aretha Franklin's career.
Jeff Harris identifies as among Robinson's influences on the album B.B. King and T-Bone Walker, "but with a strong jazzy inflection and plenty of grit". All About Jazz, concurring with those influences, places the musician on "the smoother side" of the genre of Chicago blues with some elements of Texas blues.
Release history
The album was Robinson's debut for the Alligator Records label, the first of three for the label. (For their second, I Hear Some Blues Downstairs, Robinson was nominated for a Grammy Award.) Prior to their contract with Alligator, Robinson had encountered difficulties finding a studio home for their music. The album has been subsequently reissued a number of times by Alligator in the U.S. and internationally by Japanese labels Pony Canyon and P-Vine. The 2001 P-Vine re-issue includes two bonus tracks: "I Hear Some Blues Downstairs" (4:16) and "As the Years Go Passing By" (4:49).
Track listing
Except where otherwise noted, all tracks composed by Fenton Robinson
"Somebody Loan Me a Dime" – 2:54
"The Getaway" – 4:17
"Directly from My Heart to You" (Little Richard) – 4:17
"Going to Chicago" (Traditional) – 3:46
"You Say You're Leaving" (Big Joe Williams) – 3:15
"Checking on My Woman" – 3:23
"You Don't Know What Love Is" – 3:50
"I've Changed" – 4:23
"Country Girl" (Rudy Toombs) – 4:55
"Gotta Wake Up" – 4:25
"Texas Flood" (Larry Davis, Don Robey, Joseph Wade Scott) – 4:12
Personnel
Fenton Robinson – guitar, vocals
Dave Baldwin – tenor saxophone
Cornelius Boyson – bass guitar
Elmer Brown – trumpet
Tony Gooden –|drums
Bill Heid – keyboards
Norval D. Hodges – trumpet
Bill McFarland – trombone
Mighty Joe Young – guitar
Bruce Iglauer – record producer
References
Fenton Robinson albums
1974 albums
Albums produced by Bruce Iglauer
Alligator Records albums
P-Vine Records albums
Crash Commando is a downloadable game for the PlayStation 3. It was released on December 18, 2008.
Gameplay
Crash Commando, is a side-scrolling multiplayer shooter game pitting two commando factions, the Grunts and the Jarheads, against each other. Crash Commando is a fast-paced, comedic game with over-the-top, slapstick action that features exaggerated gore and effects.
The player controls a commando with a range of weapons and other equipment at their disposal, including a jetpack, a rocket launcher, C4, jeeps, and tanks. Each map consists of two gameplay layers the player can move between via portals in the environment.
An update to the game included a new playable game mode: Heist. A bag of money is spawned onto the map and the two teams are tasked with grabbing the money and bringing it to their own safe, located at home base. Along with the game mode, the pack also comes with two new maps. The update also includes new playable characters.
PlayStation Home
Crash Commando was one of the few games that could be fully game launched in PlayStation Home. Game launching let users set up a game in Home and launch directly into the game from Home. When users quit the game, they were returned directly to Home.
Reception
Crash Commando received favourable reviews from critics, especially for the multiplayer aspect of the game.
References
External links
Official Sony page
EPOS Game Studios Website
2008 video games
PlayStation 3 games
PlayStation 3-only games
PlayStation Network games
Sony Interactive Entertainment games
Video games developed in Sweden
Video games scored by Olof Gustafsson
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Run and gun games
The following lists events that happened during 1878 in the Kingdom of Belgium.
Incumbents
Monarch: Leopold II
Prime Minister: Jules Malou (to 19 June); Walthère Frère-Orban (from 19 June)
Events
May to November – Belgium participates in the Paris Universal Exhibition.
27 May – Provincial elections
11-18 June – Partial legislative elections of 1878 (first with voting booths to ensure a secret ballot)
19 June – Walthère Frère-Orban replaces Jules Malou as Prime Minister
22-25 August – Twenty-fifth wedding anniversary celebrations of King Leopold II and Queen Marie-Henriette, including a parade of 23,000 school children on 23 August.
13 November – Jules Guillery succeeds as Charles Rogier as Speaker of the Chamber of Representatives
Publications
Periodicals
Almanach de Poche de Bruxelles (Brussels, H. Manceaux)
Annuaire de l'Observatoire royal de Bruxelles, 46 (Brussels, F. Hayez)
Annuaire du Conservatoire Royal de Musique de Bruxelles, 2 (Brussels, Librairie Européenne C. Muquardt)
Bulletin de la Société belge de géographie, 2 (Brussels, Secrétariat de la Société Belge de Géographie)
Bulletins de l'Académie royale des sciences, des lettres et des beaux-arts de Belgique, 47 (Brussels, M. Hayez).
Le Moniteur Belge.
Revue de l'horticulture belge et étrangère (Ghent, Bureaux de la Revue)
Revue du notariat belge, 4 (Brussels, Bureau de la Revue)
Books
Hendrik Conscience, De Schat van Felix Roobeek
Henri Guillaume, Histoire de l'infanterie wallonne sous la maison d'Espagne, 1500–1800 (Brussels, Académie Royale)
Art and architecture
Buildings
Great Synagogue of Brussels completed
Paintings
Félicien Rops, Pornocrates
Births
18 January – Henri Baels, politician (died 1951)
19 February – Henri Carton de Tournai, politician (died 1969)
5 March – Gaston Salmon, fencer (died 1917)
10 March – Karel van de Woestijne, author (died 1929)
16 March – Émile Cammaerts, author (died 1953)
29 March – Jules Pire, resistance leader (died 1953)
14 April – August Borms, quisling (died 1946)
23 June – Gustave Strauven, architect (died 1919)
1 July – Joseph Maréchal, Jesuit (died 1944)
5 July – Jean de Bosschère, writer and painter (died 1953)
6 July – Charles Terlinden, historian (died 1972)
15 July – Hendrik De Vocht, scholar (died 1962)
13 September – Oscar Joliet, bishop (died 1969)
20 November – Joseph-Marie Canivez, Trappist (died 1952)
Deaths
18 January – Frans de Cort (born 1834), writer
9 July – Barthélemy Charles Joseph Dumortier (born 1797), botanist and politician
7 August – Joseph Gustave Ernest Allard (born 1840), politician
16 November – Charles Vilain XIIII (born 1803), politician
References
1870s in Belgium
Belgium
Years of the 19th century in Belgium
Belgium
Yashoda Gurung is a Nepalese politician currently serving as a member of the House of Representatives. They were elected to the House of Representatives from the CPN (Maoist Centre) party list under the indigenous people quota. They were also a member of the 1st Nepalese Constituent Assembly and was elected from the party list.
Personal life
 They are married to CPN (Maoist Centre) politician Dev Prasad Gurung with whom they have two children.
References
Living people
Nepal MPs 2017–
Members of the 1st Nepalese Constituent Assembly
Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist Centre) politicians
1968 births
The United Nations Office for Partnerships (UNOP) is a UN body that serves as the gateway for pursuing and building partnerships with the private sector, civil society organizations, academia, and other non-State actors in furtherance of the Sustainable Development Goals. It was established in 2006 by Secretary General Kofi Annan. Previous attempts to create the body had failed because there were concerns that public-private partnerships were inconsistent with the intergovernmental nature of the UN.
The Office oversees the United Nations Fund for International Partnerships (UNFIP) and the United Nations Democracy Fund (UNDEF).
UN Fund for International Partnerships (UNFIP)
The United Nations Fund for International Partnerships (UNFIP) was established by then-Secretary-General Kofi Annan in March 1998 to serve as the interface between the United Nations system and the United Nations Foundation—the public charity responsible for administering Ted Turner's $1 billion contribution in support of UN causes.
The work of UNFIP is overseen by the UNFIP Advisory Board, which is chaired by the Deputy Secretary-General.
UN Democracy Fund (UNDEF)
The United Nations Democracy Fund (UNDEF) was established by the Secretary-General in July 2005 to support democratization around the world. It focuses on strengthening the voice of civil society, promoting human rights, and ensuring the participation of all groups in democratic processes. Through the Fund, the Office supported almost 600 projects in more than 130 countries around the world, ranging from strengthening civil society leadership skills and promoting the participation of women and youth to media programmes that allow civil society to project its voice.
UNDEF Priorities
The United Nations Democracy Fund was established during the 2005 World Summit as a United Nations General Trust Fund and launched in April 2006, with the United Nations Office for Partnerships/UNFIP providing administrative support and resource-sharing. Since then, the grant-making body has become clearly defined as a fund for civil society organizations. It is the only United Nations entity that has the word “democracy” in its name, the only United Nations body with the primary purpose of supporting democracy through empowering civil society, and one of the youngest entities in the United Nations system. The large majority of project funds go to local civil society organizations in countries in both the transition and consolidation phases of democratization. By supporting the “demand” rather than the “supply” side of democratization, the Fund plays a new, distinct, and unique role in complementing and enhancing the more traditional work of the United Nations — the work with governments — to strengthen democratic governance around the world.
A key part of the Fund's mission is to ensure that all levels of government are accountable to those they serve by increasing the knowledge, capacity, voice and reach of citizens' organizations. With the adoption in September 2015 of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development, the Fund undertook to prioritize projects that, inter alia, hold governments accountable with regard to working to meet the Sustainable Development Goals.
See also
Millennium Development Goals
References and notes
External links
United Nations
UN Office of Partnerships
UN Democracy Fund
UN Foundation
MDG Monitor - Tracking the Millennium Development Goals
International charities
United Nations Secretariat
Organizations established by the United Nations
Organizations established in 1998
Love Is Back is the fifth studio album by Love Unlimited.
The album starts with the track "I'm So Glad That I'm a Woman", an R&B song considered by many a hymn to women, written by Barry White (creator of the group), Frank Wilson and Paul Politi.
Three tracks entered the charts: "I'm So Glad That I'm a Woman", "High Steppin', Hip Dressin' Fella (You Got It Together)" and "If You Want Me, Say It" but all three songs didn't get to a high position because of promotion problems.
Track listing
1979 albums
Love Unlimited albums
is a Japanese long jumper.
They won bronze medals at the 2000 World Junior Championships and the 2001 Summer Universiade, and finished eleventh at the 2001 World Championships. On the regional level they won a bronze medal at the 2005 Asian Championships and gold at the 2006 Asian Games.
Them personal best jump is 6.86 metres, achieved in May 2006 in Osaka. This is the current Japanese record.
They began competing as Kumiko Imura in the 2009 season.
Competition record
References
External links
1981 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Yamagata Prefecture
Japanese female long jumpers
Japanese female hurdlers
Olympic female long jumpers
Olympic athletes of Japan
Athletes (track and field) at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Asian Games gold medalists for Japan
Asian Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
Athletes (track and field) at the 2002 Asian Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2006 Asian Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2010 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2006 Asian Games
Universiade medalists in athletics (track and field)
Universiade bronze medalists for Japan
Medalists at the 2001 Summer Universiade
World Athletics Championships athletes for Japan
Japan Championships in Athletics winners
20th-century Japanese women
21st-century Japanese women
Lyndhurst is a large village and civil parish situated in the New Forest National Park in Hampshire, England. Serving as the administrative capital of the New Forest, it is a popular tourist attraction, with many independent shops, art galleries, cafés, museums, pubs and hotels. The nearest city is Southampton, about nine miles () to the north-east. As of 2001 Lyndhurst had a population of 2,973, increasing to 3,029 at the 2011 Census. The name derives from an Old English name, comprising the words lind (lime tree) and hyrst (wooded hill).
Known as the "Capital of the New Forest", Lyndhurst houses the New Forest District Council. The first mention of Lyndhurst was in the Domesday Book of 1086 under the name 'Linhest'. The Court of Verderers sits in the Kings House in Lyndhurst. The church of St. Michael and All Angels was built in the 1860s, and contains a fresco by Lord Leighton and stained-glass windows by Charles Kempe, William Morris, Edward Burne-Jones and others; Alice Liddell, the inspiration for Alice in Lewis Carroll's Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, is buried there. Glasshayes House (the former Lyndhurst Park Hotel) is the only surviving example of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's architectural experimentation, and local folklore records Lyndhurst as the site of a Dragon-slaying, and as being haunted by the ghost of Richard Fitzgeorge de Stacpoole, 1st Duc de Stacpoole.
History
The name "Lyndhurst" is an Old English name, meaning 'Wooded hill with lime-trees growing'. The name comprises the words lind ('lime-tree') and hyrst ('wooded hill'). The first mention of Lyndhurst was in the Domesday Book of 1086 under the name 'Linhest'. It was part of the royal lands of the New Forest, with the exception of 1 virgate which was held by Herbert the Forester. Herbert may have been the ancestor of the Lyndhurst family, beginning with Herbert Lyndhurst, who held the bailiwick and manor of Lyndhurst in the 12th and 13th centuries.
The manor passed to Henry III in 1270, and together with the wardenship of the New Forest, which invariably accompanied the manor, it formed part of the dowry of four consecutive queens: Eleanor of Castile, Margaret of France, Isabella of France, and Philippa of Hainault. The manor was back in the hands of the king before 1362, and it was granted to various noble families over the course of the following century. Between 1467 and 1581 it was in the hands of the Earls of Arundel, after which it once again reverted to the Crown.
The estate was once again passed to various noble families until 1667, when Charles II granted it to Charles Paulet, 1st Duke of Bolton. They were followed successively by their son and grandson, but by the mid 18th century it was back in royal hands, being held successively by Prince William Henry (up to 1805) and Prince Frederick (until 1827). Subsequently, the manor was deemed "not important to be kept", and the copyholds of the manor, which included estates in Minstead, Burley, Bartley and Poulner, either became enfranchised or passed to the Crown.
A royal park was attached to the manor of Lyndhurst from a very early date. It was unusual for being a King's Park within a King's Forest. In 1299 it covered an area of , the profits from the honey gathered there amounting to 2 shillings per annum. It was actively worked during the 14th and 15th centuries when payments were made for the fencing and repairing of the palings. The "old Park" of Lyndhurst is where the Lime Wood (formerly Parkhill) Hotel now stands, the new park being on the A337 Brockenhurst road.
Geography
Lyndhurst is in the New Forest National Park, in Hampshire, England. The village is the administrative capital of the New Forest, with the district council based in the village. The Court of Verderers sits in the King's House in Lyndhurst. The local headquarters of the Forestry Commission, the body that handles the maintenance of the softwood plantations, forest roads and paths, and controlling the spread of invasive plants, such as rhododendrons and gorse is also based in the King's House.
The church of St. Michael and All Angels is a major landmark, built of many different colours of brick, on one of the highest points in the village. Glasshayes House (also known as the Lyndhurst Park Hotel) is a Georgian "Gothick" villa, and after its 1912 alterations is the only surviving example of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's forays into architecture. In local tradition it is haunted by the ghost of Richard Fitzgeorge de Stacpoole, 1st Duc de Stacpoole. It sits adjacent to Bolton's Bench, a picturesque hill to the east of the village which, according to local folklore, was originally the corpse of a dragon; Other local landmarks include a row of much photographed thatched cottages on the road to the neighbouring hamlet of Emery Down, and the New Forest Centre, which includes the New Forest Museum and New Forest Gallery.
Also situated towards the outskirts of the village is Foxlease, one of the training and activity centres of Girlguiding UK, which has been the scene of several internationally important Girl Guiding and Girl Scouting events. It was established in February 1922 following the marriage of president Mary, Princess Royal and Countess of Harewood. The headquarters of the privately owned British chemicals company Ineos is located in the village.
The civil parish includes the hamlets of Bank and Emery Down. Lyndhurst is surrounded by varied "forest", from the heathland of Parkhill to the bog of Matley, and the open forest with its ancient oak and beech to the enclosures of softwoods.
The King's House
The most important building in Lyndhurst is the King's House, which has also in the past been called the Queen's House, for the name changes according to the gender of the monarch. It is the principal building owned by the Crown in the New Forest, and contains the Verderers' Hall, home of the ancient Verderers' Court. The King's House is also the local headquarters of the Forestry Commission.
A manor house probably existed in Lyndhurst by the 13th century. In the reign of Edward I an order was given for "twenty oaks to make laths for the use of the queen's manor-house at Lyndhurst." This house was probably superseded by the hunting lodge built at Lyndhurst in the 14th century, which received frequent royal visits, and for which there are many records relating to the repair and enlargement. In 1388 a hall was built within the lodge, known later as the Verderers' Hall.
Rebuilding took place in the reign of Henry VIII, and especially in the 17th century, during the reigns of Charles I and Charles II, and the current structure largely dates from this time. The last monarch to stay here was George III who visited the New Forest in June 1789. Frances Burney, who was Second Keeper of the Robes to Queen Charlotte, described the house as "a straggling, inconvenient, old house, but delightfully situated, in a village—looking indeed at present like a populous town, from the amazing concourse of people that have crowded into it."
The building today is a rambling two-storey structure in brick. The prisoners' dock, tables and chairs of considerable age are preserved in the hall. Also to be found within is the so-called "Stirrup of Rufus", which was used to measure dogs.
Religious sites
The village's Anglican church, St Michael and All Angels, is on a mound overlooking the village. It was built between 1858–70, and is the third such building on the site. The church was designed by William White. It is constructed with red brick with yellow trim. It has a tall (160 ft,(48.8m)) brick-banded spire at the north-west end which can be seen from the Isle of Wight. The interior has yellow, white and red exposed brickwork, and a nave roof decorated with life-size supporting angels. The church contains a fresco by Frederick Leighton showing the Parable of the Wise and Foolish Virgins, with biblical characters said to be modelled on local people. The church also contains stained glass windows designed by William Morris, Edward Burne-Jones, and Charles Kempe.
Alice Liddell, also known as Alice Hargreaves, the inspiration for Alice in Lewis Carroll's Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, lived in and around Lyndhurst after their marriage to Reginald Hargreaves, and is buried in the graveyard.
There is also a very fine, small Catholic Church of the Assumption and St Edward the Confessor, built by Sir Arthur Blomfield between 1894 and 1896 as a memorial to Marie-Louise Souberbielle.
Education and culture
Saint Michael and All Angels Infant School is the main village school. New Forest Small School is an independent school for children aged 3 to 16.
In 2020, Hampshire County Council announced plans to close Lyndhurst library.
The Bisterne Dragon
Lyndhurst is notable in English folklore for being the supposed location of a dragon-slaying. The local tradition is that a dragon had their den at Burley Beacon in Burley. There are several versions of the tale, one being that the creature "flew" every morning to Bisterne, where it would be supplied with milk. To kill the dragon, a valiant knight (usually named Berkeley) built a hide, and with two dogs lay in wait. The creature came as usual one morning for its milk, and when the hut door was opened the dogs attacked it, and while thus engaged the knight took the dragon by surprise, the dogs dying in the affray. The fight raged throughout the forest, with the dragon finally dying outside Lyndhurst, its corpse turning into a great hill (now known as Boltons Bench). Though the knight had defeated the dragon they had been mentally broken by the battle, and after thirty days and thirty nights they went back to Boltons Bench to die alone atop it, their body turning into the yew tree which can still be seen today.
Transport links
The village is the meeting point of the A35, which runs NE to SW between Southampton and Bournemouth, and the A337 which runs north to south between Cadnam on the M27, and Lymington, a ferry port for the Isle of Wight on the south coast. To deal with the large volume of traffic through the village, there is a one-way system. This in effect turns the major roads of the village into a traffic circle. In summer the traffic through the village increases hugely because of the tourists. This can create queues into the village from all directions.
It has long been mooted that the solution to Lyndhurst's traffic problem is to build a bypass through the surrounding National Park forest land. In 1947 the Government's Baker Report accepted that a bypass might be necessary, and provision was made in the New Forest Act 1949 to construct roads through the forest with the consent of the Verderers. Public inquiries were held in 1975 and 1983. On both occasions the various routes proposed by the county council were opposed by the Verderers as being detrimental to the environment. The Verderers stated that they would not oppose a less harmful route.
The last serious attempt at a Lyndhurst Bypass Bill was rejected in July 1988. In 2006 Lyndhurst Parish Council again called for a bypass, and proposed that the road followed the route suggested in 1983 but with a cut-and-cover tunnel.
Although Lyndhurst itself does not have a railway station, it has for many years been served by the former Lyndhurst Road station, three miles () away, which has been renamed Ashurst New Forest. It is also only four miles () from Brockenhurst and under 4 miles from Beaulieu Road station – all these stations are on the South West Main Line to London and Weymouth, serving Bournemouth and Southampton. Bus services operated by Bluestar run frequently to Southampton and Lymington. There are also two daily National Express coach departures to London Victoria. The New Forest Tour, an open-top bus tour run in the summer, starts and finishes in Lyndhurst.
Notable residents
Arthur Phillip
Richard Fitzgeorge de Stacpoole, 1st Duc de Stacpoole
Charles Castleman
Sir James William Ronald Macleay
Lina Arbuthnot (née Macleay)
Brusher Mills
Charles Hamilton Aide
John Maxwell
Mary Elizabeth Braddon
Reginald Hargreaves
Alice Liddell
Keith Harris
Nigel Eaton, hurdy-gurdy player
Twin towns
Lyndhurst is twinned with:
La Chevrolière, France
See also
Portuguese Fireplace
References
External links
Lyndhurst Parish Council
New Forest District Council
Villages in Hampshire
SS Edward K. Collins was a Liberty ship built in the United States during World War II. They were named after US Army Lieutenant Colonel Edward K. Collins.
Construction
Edward K. Collins was laid down on 14 July 1944, under a Maritime Commission (MARCOM) contract, MC hull 2315, by J.A. Jones Construction, Panama City, Florida; sponsored by Mrs. Emily Collins, wife of the namesake; and launched on 17 August 1944.
History
They were allocated to Smith & Johnson, 31 August 1944. On 21 May 1946, they were laid up in the James River Reserve Fleet, Lee Hall, Virginia.
They were sold, on 9 December 1946, for $556,542.74, for commercial use, to Kassos Steam Navigation Company. They were withdrawn from the fleet on 10 January 1947.
References
Bibliography
Liberty ships
Ships built in Panama City, Florida
1944 ships
James River Reserve Fleet
Rocky River is a long 5th order tributary to the Deep River in Chatham County, North Carolina.
Course
Rocky River rises in Liberty, North Carolina on the Sandy Creek and North Prong divide in Randolph County and then flows southeasterly to the Deep River about 3 miles west of Moncure, North Carolina.
Watershed
Rocky River drains of area, receives about 47.6 in/year of precipitation, and has a wetness index of 426.50 and is about 55% forested.
Tributaries of the Rocky River (Deep River tributary) in North Carolina
See also
List of rivers of North Carolina
External links
White Pines Nature Preserve
USGS Water Gauge at Siler City
USGS Water Gauge near Crutchfield Crossroads, North Carolina
Rocky River Nature Trail in Siler City
References
Rivers of North Carolina
Rivers of Chatham County, North Carolina
Rivers of Randolph County, North Carolina
Route 117 is a short highway in Dent County. Its northern terminus is at Route 19 northeast of Salem; its southern terminus is in Indian Trail Conservation Area.
Route description
Route 117 begins in the Indian Trail Conservation Area at an intersection with two park roads. The route heads northwest through areas of dense forest on a two-lane undivided road. Route 117 comes to its northern terminus at an intersection with Route 19 northeast of Salem. It is one of the only 2 highways in Missouri to be less than 1 mile. the other being Missouri Route 799 at 0.50 miles.
Major intersections
References
117
Transportation in Dent County, Missouri
Stachyris is a genus of passerine birds in the Old World babbler family Timaliidae.
Taxonomy
The genus Stachyris was introduced in 1844 in an article by the English zoologist Edward Blyth in which they quote a diagnosis by Brian Houghton Hodgson. Hodgson designated the type species as the grey-throated babbler. The genus name combines the Ancient Greek stakhus meaning "ear of wheat" and rhis, rhinos meaning "nostrils".
Species
The genus includes the following species:
For other former Stachyris species see under Cyanoderma, Sterrhoptilus and Zosterornis.
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70 – 291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Pilluchu (also spelled Pillucho) is an archaeological site in the Ayacucho Region in Peru on top of a mountain of the same name. It lies in the Vilcas Huamán Province, Vilcas Huamán District, southwest of Vilcashuamán. It is situated at a height of about .
References
Archaeological sites in Peru
Archaeological sites in Ayacucho Region
Mountains of Peru
Mountains of Ayacucho Region
Remote Control Records was established in 2001 by Steve Cross and Harvey Saward. It provides publicity, label management, distribution and marketing services to international and local artists and labels.
Remote Control's roster of international artists includes Adele, Queens of the Stone Age, The xx, FKA Twigs, Jungle, Vampire Weekend, Alabama Shakes, Radiohead, the National, Purity Ring and SBTRKT. The company represents various international record labels in the Australian and New Zealand markets, including 4AD, Matador Records, Rough Trade, True Panther, XL Recordings, and Young Turks. By October 2009 Andrew McMillen of Mess+Noise felt, "[it] represents a substantial roster of international artists in Australia and New Zealand."
In 2004 Remote Control established Dot Dash Recordings with Inertia Distribution, exclusively for Australian acts. The Dot Dash roster includes Pearls, Teeth & Tongue, Client Liaison, Sunbeam Sound Machine, Total Giovanni, Dorsal Fins, Saskwatch, Jeremy Neale, Methyl Ethel, and Velociraptor.
Remote Control also works in partnership with a number of independent Australian and New Zealand labels, including Milk!, Flightless and Barely Dressed, providing support to such artists as Courtney Barnett, King Gizzard & the Lizard Wizard, Fat Freddy's Drop, The Babe Rainbow, Klo, and Banoffee.
In 2013 Remote Control opened a new publicity and promotions department via Recon Music, an established, boutique PR agency specialising in strategic national media campaigns. Recon's list of past and present clients included Sharon Van Etten, Ty Segall, Josh Pyke, The Clean, Elizabeth Rose, Allday, DZ Deathrays, Say Lou Lou, Loon Lake, Sally Seltmann, Sugar Mountain Festival, Saskwatch and Philadelphia Grand Jury.
The label celebrated its 15th birthday in June 2016 by a party with, "a wide range of dope beat pushers, from Jim Lawrie at the start to Teeth & Tongue in the middle to Milwaukee Banks at the end."
theMusic.com.aus reviewers described the company in February 2018, "one of the country's leading record labels." They observed, "they've opened up a completely different avenue of upcoming talent and assisted in building strong communities within the local scene" and determined that, "2017 saw the label have its strongest and most consistent year ever on the ARIA Album Chart."
Representation
Labels
Beggars Group
4AD
Matador Records
Rough Trade
True Panther
XL Recordings
Young Turks
Dot Dash Recordings
Flightless
Barely Dressed Records
Omnian Music Group
2MR
Body Double Ltd
Captured Tracks
Couple Skate
Fantasy Memory
Honor Press
Manufactured Recordings
Sinderlyn
Squirrel Thing
International acts
AC Newman
Adam Green
Adele
Alabama Shakes
Alexander
Algiers
Atlas Sound
Atoms For Peace
BeeGeeDee
Belle & Sebastian
Basement Jaxx
Bauhaus
Beirut
Benjamin Booker
The Big Pink
Blonde Redhead
Body/Head
Boulevards
The Breeders
British Sea Power
Ceremony
Camera Obscura
Cat Power
Civil Civic
The Cave Singers
The Cocteau Twins
The Creases
The Cult
Daughter
Delorean
Deerhunter
DIIV
Dillinger Escape Plan
East India Youth
Efterklang
Eddi Reader
EMA
Emiliana Torrini
Elvis Perkins
Esben & the Witch
Eyedress
Fat Freddy's Drop
FKA Twigs
Francoiz Breut
Friendly Fires
Fucked Up
Future Islands
Future of the Left
Gang Gang Dance
Giggs
Glasser
Grayson Gilmour
Guerre
Holy Fuck
The Horrors
Houndmouth
Iceage
Inc
Indians
Holly Herndon
Howler
Ibeyi
Iron & Wine
Jamie xx
Jane Badler
Jeffrey Lewis
Jenny Lewis
Jungle
Kelly Dance
King Krule
Kirin J Callinan
Kurt Vile
Lapsley
Lee Ranaldo & the Dust
Le1f
Lo Fang
Love Migrate
Lower
Lucianblomkamp
Majical Cloudz
Merchandise
Micachu
Mike Turner
The Mountain Goats
The National
Ned Collette
New Gods
The New Pornographers
Palma Violets
Panthu Du Prince
Parquet Courts
Pavement
Paul Banks
Peaches
Pixies
Prodigy
Purity Ring
QT
Queens of the Stone Age
Radiohead
Ratking
Ratatat
SOAK
Sagamore
Sampha
Savages
SBTRKT
Scott Walker
Shamir
SHLOHMO
Sigur Ros
SOAK
Sohn
Sonic Youth
St. Vincent
Stereolab
Stornoway
Super Wild Horses
T54
Thom Yorke
Thurston Moore
Tindersticks
Tobias Jesso Jr.
Tune-Yards
Twin Shadow
Vampire Weekend
Velociraptor
Warpaint
Wild Nothing
The White Stripes
Willis Earl Beal
Woods
Yo La Tengo
The xx
Zomby
Australian acts
Banoffee
Client Liaison
Courtney Barnett
Dirty Three
Dorsal Fins
Jess Ribeiro
Jim Lawrie
King Gizzard & the Lizard Wizard
Leah Senior
Love Migrate
Miami Horror
Milwaukee Banks
Methyl Ethel
The Murlocs
Oh Pep!
Pearls
Pipe-Eye
Saskwatch
Sui Zhen
Sunbeam Sound Machine
Teeth & Tongue
Velociraptor
See also
List of record labels
References
External links
"Remote Control" record label credits at AllMusic
Australian record labels
Record labels established in 2001
Alternative rock record labels
Indie rock record labels
Record labels based in Melbourne
Joshua Gardner is the name of:
Joshua Gardner (sea captain) (fl. 1820), American sea captain from Nantucket and discoverer of Gardner Island
Josh Gardner (soccer) (born 1982), American soccer player
Josh Gardner (comedian) (born 1971), American comedian and writer
Right Now is an album by former Furious Five members, Grandmaster Mele Mel and Scorpio. The album was released on April 8, 1997 for Str8 Game Records and was produced by Mele Mel and Scorpio. The album was a critical and commercial failure and did not make it to the billboard charts. Two singles were released "Mama" and "Mr. Big Stuff" but neither of the two made it the billboard charts either.
The European release had the interview snippets removed and the track listing altered. The front and rear artwork was also reversed.
Track listing
US version (Str8 Game Records, STG 1204-2)
"Intro" – 0:27
"On The Down Low" – 3:04
"Interview" – 0:28
"Mama" – 4:28
"Interview" – 0:34
"If..." – 5:22
"Interview" – 0:26
"Right Now" – 4:46
"Interview" – 0:35
"When You Lose A Child" – 4:51
"Interview" – 0:25
"China White" – 3:19
"Interview" – 0:24
"Broke Ass Niggas" – 3:54
"Interview" – 0:10
"Smackin' Rappers" – 3:31
"Interview" – 0:28
"New York – L.A." – 4:33
"Interview" – 0:29
"Stupid Mutha Fuckas" – 3:39
"Interview" – 0:25
"Sex You..." – 3:52
"Interview" – 0:20
"Mr. Big Stuff" – 3:32
European version (Str8 Game Records / EDEL, 0098862RAP)
"Stupid Mutha Fuckas" – 3:39
"Mama" – 4:28
"If..." – 5:22
"Right Now" – 4:46
"When You Lose A Child" – 4:51
"China White" – 3:19
"Broke Ass Niggas" – 3:54
"Smackin' Rappers" – 3:31
"New York – L.A." – 4:33
"On The Down Low" – 3:04
"Sex You..." – 3:52
"Mr. Big Stuff" – 3:32
Notes
"China White" is a re-recorded version of "White Lines (Don't Do It)."
References
Melle Mel albums
1997 albums
Pak Tongjin (also Tong-jin) was the South Korean minister of foreign affairs in the 1970s. Much of their efforts involved building trade routes between the Soviet Union and non-Soviet countries through South Korea.
General references
Gwangju Uprising: The Rebellion for Democracy in South Korea
South Korea: A Country Study
References
1922 births
2013 deaths
South Korean politicians
Permanent Representatives of South Korea to the United Nations
Ambassadors of South Korea to the United States
Ambassadors of South Korea to Brazil
Foreign ministers of South Korea
Chuo University alumni
The 4th Yerevan Golden Apricot International Film Festival was a film festival held in Yerevan, Armenia from 9–14 July 2007. More than 120 films from around the world were presented during the festival with attendance from contemporary filmmakers such as Bruno Dumont, Leos Carax, Carla Garapedian, Lee Chang-dong, Andrey Zvyagintsev, Aurora Quattrocchi and Tchéky Karyo. Paolo and Vittorio Taviani (Italy), directors of The Lark Farm (Opening Film of the Festival) were honored with Lifetime Achievement Awards. The international juries, headed by An Cheong-sook (South Korea), Martin Schweighofer (Austria), Vigen Chaldranyan (Armenia) awarded the following prizes: Golden Apricot 2007 for the Best Feature Film to Ulrich Seidl for their film Import/Export (Austria); Golden Apricot 2007 for the Best Documentary Film to Vardan Hovhannisyan for their film A Story of People in War and Peace (Armenia) and Golden Apricot 2007 for the Best Film in the “Armenian Panorama” to Screamers by Carla Garapedian (UK). Vardan Hovhannisyan (A Story of People in War and Peace) was awarded with the FIPRESCI and Ecumenical Jury Prizes and Carla Garapedian (Screamers) was also awarded the Ecumenical Jury Price.
About the Golden Apricot Yerevan International Film Festival
The Golden Apricot Yerevan International Film Festival (GAIFF) () is an annual film festival held in Yerevan, Armenia. The festival was founded in 2004 with the co-operation of the “Golden Apricot” Fund for Cinema Development, the Armenian Association of Film Critics and Cinema Journalists. The GAIFF is continually supported by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the RA, the Ministry of Culture of the RA and the Benevolent Fund for Cultural Development.The objectives of the festival are "to present new works by the film directors and producers in Armenia and foreign cinematographers of Armenian descent and to promote creativity and originality in the area of cinema and video art".
Awards GAIFF 2007
See also
Golden Apricot Yerevan International Film Festival
Atom Egoyan
Serge Avedikian
Bruno Dumont
Leos Carax
Carla Garapedian
Lee Chang-dong
Andrey Zvyagintsev
Vardan Hovhannisyan
Cinema of Armenia
2007 in film
References
Yerevan International Film Festival
21st century in Yerevan
2007 in Armenia
2007 film festivals
2007 festivals in Asia
2007 festivals in Europe
New Fancy was a colliery on the Forest of Dean Coalfield near Parkend in Gloucestershire, England. After the colliery closed its spoil heap was landscaped. The site has a picnic area, and viewing site from where goshawks can be seen. It is linked to the Forest of Dean Family Cycle Trail.
History
New Fancy colliery was opened by Edward Protheroe in 1827, as part of the Park End Coal Company in the Forest of Dean. By 1860 it was owned by Sully & Company and in 1885 was sold to the Parkend & New Fancy Collieries Company. It remained in operation until 1944.
In 1880 the colliery produced 8,382 tons of coal. In 1900 the colliery site contained a wooden headframe, a Cornish-type engine house with an external egg-ended boiler built in the 1840s and a hand-operated windlass for raising and lowering items in the shaft. The winding gear was converted to electricity in 1916. Its site is a scheduled monument.
Bird watching
The top of the old coal mine spoil heap has been converted into a viewing site for birdwatchers, and gives panoramas over an extensive forested area. It is best known for viewing raptors, especially goshawks, best seen from late morning onwards in February and March. In February 1998, a female two-barred crossbill was present in a crossbill flock, drawing birdwatchers from across Britain.
Sculpture
The Roll of Honour sculpture was commissioned by the Forest of Dean Local History Society to honour those who worked and were killed or injured in the mines and quarries of the Forest of Dean. It was constructed by Graham Tyler and John Wakefield and was unveiled in 2005. It consists of three elements - stone, iron (represented by rusted steel), and coal (represented by carved and blackened local oak) - and stands around high. Stainless steel discs set into the sculpture represent the tokens carried by miners to determine who was below ground in the event of accidents.
The Forest of Dean Geomap, a sculpture of the geology and mines of the area, was unveiled at the New Fancy picnic site in May 2008. It was commissioned by the local history society, who received a grant from DEFRA's Aggregates Levy Sustainability Fund, and was constructed by sculptor David Yeates of Mitcheldean before being assembled on site. The rock strata depicted are built from samples of the rock they represent. Metal discs represent the locations of the main iron and coal mines and quarries, with black lines to represent coal seams and white lines for railway routes. It is flat and polished, but not shiny, and is intended to be walked on.
References
Footnotes
Bibliography
External links
NewFancy Forestry England- New Fancy
Image of New Fancy Colliery
Potted History of New Fancy Colliery
Forest of Dean
Underground mines in England
Coal mines in Gloucestershire
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1511.
Events
probable – Ein kurtzweilig Lesen von Dyl Ulenspiegel, geboren uß dem Land zu Brunßwick, wie er sein Leben volbracht hat... is published by the printer Hans Grüninger in Strasbourg in Early New High German, either this year or in 1510. This is the first appearance of the trickster Till Eulenspiegel in print.
New books
Prose
The Demaũdes Joyous (joke book published by Wynkyn de Worde in English)
Desiderius Erasmus – The Praise of Folly (Stultitiae Laus), written 1509
Poetry
Jean Lemaire de Belges – La Concorde des deux langages
John Lydgate (died c. 1451) – The Governance of Kings ("Secrets of the Old Philisoffres", translated from Aristotle's Secreta secretorum)
Cancionero general (anthology of Spanish poetry published by Hernando del Castillo)
Births
November 15 – Johannes Secundus, Dutch poet writing in Latin (died 1536)
Deaths
unknown dates
Matthias Ringmann, German cartographer and humanist poet (born 1482)
Johannes Tinctoris (Jean de Vaerwere), Low Countries' composer, poet and writer on music, author of Diffinitorium musices, the first dictionary of musical terms (born c. 1435)
References
1511
1511 books
Years of the 16th century in literature
Hu Zejun (; born March 1955) is a Chinese politician and served as the Auditor-General of the National Audit Office from 2017 to 2020.
Biography
Hu was born in Chongqing. They graduated from the Southwest University of Political Science & Law with a degree in philosophy, and joined the Chinese Communist Party in February 1976. They also have a master's degree in the history of Chinese legal thought. Upon graduating, they served in the Communist Youth League organization at their alma mater, while serving as a teaching assistant and later an instructor. They were eventually promoted to the party chief of their alma mater. They were then promoted to Deputy Minister of Justice. They were then dispatched to Guangdong to become a part of the provincial party standing committee and head of the provincial organization department. In June 2010, they were named the Deputy Procurator-General of the Supreme People's Procuratorate (minister-level).
In April 2017, Hu was named Auditor General of the People's Republic of China, succeeding Liu Jiayi, becoming the first female to hold the position.
Hu is an alternate member of the 17th Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party, and a full member of the 18th and 19th Central Committees.
In June 2020, Hu was replaced by Hou Kai and was appointed as one of the deputy directors of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference Population, Resources and Environment Committee.
References
1955 births
Living people
Politicians from Chongqing
Alternate members of the 17th Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party
Members of the 18th Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party
Southwest University of Political Science & Law alumni
21st-century Chinese women politicians
Members of the 19th Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party
The Princess is a blank verse farcical play, in five scenes with music, by W. S. Gilbert which adapts and parodies Alfred Lord Tennyson's humorous 1847 narrative poem, The Princess. It was first produced at the Olympic Theatre in London on 8 January 1870.
Gilbert called the piece "a whimsical allegory ... a respectful operatic per-version" of Tennyson's poem. The play was a modest success, playing for about 82 performances through April and enjoying a provincial tour. Gilbert liked the theme so much that they adapted the play as the libretto to Princess Ida (1884), one of their Savoy Operas with Arthur Sullivan. The Princess is a satire of women's education, a controversial subject in 1847, when Queen's College first opened in London, and in 1870 (Girton opened in 1869), but less so by 1884.
Background
The Princess came fairly early in Gilbert's playwriting career, after their very successful one-act comic opera, Ages Ago (1869) and before Our Island Home (1870, another such piece). The play was Gilbert's first of the 1870s, a decade during which they wrote more than thirty-five plays, encompassing most genres of comedy and drama, including their series of blank verse "fairy comedies", beginning with The Palace of Truth later in 1870 and their first operas with Arthur Sullivan. In 1870, Gilbert was establishing their "topsy-turvy" style and proving that their capabilities extended well beyond their early burlesques and extravaganzas. The Princess is one of several Gilbert plays, including The Wicked World, Broken Hearts, and the later operas, Iolanthe, Princess Ida, and Fallen Fairies, where the introduction of males into a tranquil world of women brings "mortal love" that wreaks havoc with the status quo. Stedman calls this a "Gilbertian invasion plot".
The play is a farcical burlesque of Tennyson's 1847 narrative blank-verse poem, The Princess. Gilbert's play is also written in blank verse and retains Tennyson's basic serio-comic story line about a heroic princess who runs a women's college and about the prince who loves them They and their two friends infiltrate the college disguised as female students. Gilbert returned to their play in 1883, adapting it as one of their operas with Arthur Sullivan, entitled Princess Ida. When Tennyson published their poem, women's higher education was a novel, even radical concept. When Gilbert wrote The Princess in 1870, women's higher education was still an innovative idea. Girton College, the first university-level women's college in Britain, had been established at the University of Cambridge in 1869. However, by the time Gilbert and Sullivan collaborated on Princess Ida in 1883, a women's college was a well-established concept. Westfield College, London's first women's college, had opened in 1882 and is cited as a model for Castle Adamant, the women's college in Princess Ida.
The lyrics to the songs in The Princess were set to popular tunes from popular operetta and grand opera of the time, including works by Hervé and Jacques Offenbach. The three young men are played by women, so that, during a large part of the play, women are playing men disguised as women. Gilbert had been eager to try a "blank verse burlesque in which a picturesque story should be told in a strain of mock-heroic seriousness." The satire in the piece is of a higher intellectual order than the pun-filled burlesques playing in London at the time, and the publicity for the play touted this. The dialogue in Princess Ida is little changed from that in The Princess.
Roles and original cast
King Hildebrand – David Fisher
Prince Hilarion, their Son – Maria Simpson (Mrs. W. H. Liston)
Cyril and Florian, their friends, Noblemen of King Hildebrand's Court – Augusta Thompson and Miss Montgomery
King Gama – Mr. Elliot
Prince Arac, Prince Guron, and Prince Scynthius, their Sons – Jessie Earle, Miss Harrington and Miss Ewell
Atho, King Hildebrand's Chamberlain – Mr. Franks
First Officer and Second Officer – Arthur Brown and Mr. Davis
Gobbo a Porter – Mr. St. Maur
Princess Ida, Daughter of King Gama and Principal of the Ladies' University – Mattie Reinhardt
Lady Psyche, Professor of Experimental Science – Fanny Addison
Lady Blanche, Professor of Abstract Philosophy – Mrs. Poynter
Melissa, their Daughter – Patti Josephs
Bertha, Ada, Chloe, Sacharissa, Sylvia, Phoebe, Amarinthe, and Laura – Misses Joy, Clyfoard, Moore, Alma, Everard, Fitzjames, Corinne, Graham and Clara
Lady Undergraduates
Scenes and story
The play is divided into five scenes:
Scene First – Court in King Hildebrand's Palace.
Scene Second – The Gates of Castle Adamant.
Scene Third – Grounds of Castle Adamant.
Scene Fourth – Hildebrand's Camp before Ida's Castle.
Scene Fifth – Inner Gate of Castle Adamant.
The plot is essentially the same as the later opera: Ida's misshapen father, King Gama, and their three hulking sons (played as breeches roles in The Princess) arrive at the court of King Hildebrand. They bring news that the beautiful Princess Ida, to whom Hildebrand's son, Prince Hilarion, was betrothed in infancy, will not honour their marriage vows. They rule a women's university and excludes all men from entering. Hilarion and two companions (also played by women) disguise themselves as female students and sneak inside the walls, but they are soon discovered, eventually causing chaos and panic, during which the prince has occasion to save Ida's life. Hildebrand agrees to give Ida a chance: The outcome of a tournament pitting their three brothers against Hilarion and their two friends will decide whether they must marry the Prince. In the battle, the Prince and their friends wound Ida's brothers, after which they accept the Prince as their husband, admitting that they love them (in Tennyson's poem, the Prince is defeated, but Ida, nursing them to health, comes to love him).
See also
Princess Ida
Notes
References
External links
Introduction to the play and links to the libretto
Information about the play
Script of The Princess
"Tennyson's The Princess" annotated by Alexander Scutt, with a prologue and materials about the Gilbert connections (2013)
The Princess at the Haddon Hall website
Works by W. S. Gilbert
1870 plays
Adaptations of works by Alfred, Lord Tennyson
The 17th Canadian Comedy Awards, presented by the Canadian Comedy Foundation for Excellence (CCFE), honoured the best live, television, film, and Internet comedy from 1 January 2015 to 30 June 2016.
This was a transitional year which saw a reorganization of the awards. Due to budgetary and time limitations, Canadian Comedy Awards, also known as Beavers, were awarded in only nine categories with all nominees and winners decided by public vote. There was no festival or gala ceremony.
Trailer Park Boys led with three nominations, for their TV show, podcast, and feature. They won Beavers for the former two categories.
Reorganization and abbreviated awards
The Canadian Comedy Awards (CCA) had been put on hold when the license expired in 2015. When the separation process was completed in 2016, there had been insufficient time for the usual consultation with industry members in creating categories, selecting juries and nominees. Industry-voting categories were set aside and nine categories were made available for online public voting in two rounds. An initial round of voting from 8 to 30 September determined nominees, and a second round of voting from 3 to 16 October determined the winners.
Due to time and budgetary limitations, there was no CCA festival or awards gala for this year. Winners were announced at a nominees reception at The Second City in Toronto, Ontario, on 6 November 2016.
Winners and nominees
27,062 people voted online for winners in nine categories.
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface:
Footnotes
Notes
References
External links
Canadian Comedy Awards official website
Canadian Comedy Awards
Canadian Comedy Awards
Awards
Awards
Arne Vodder (16 February 1926 – 27 December 2009) was a Danish furniture designer, a close friend and partner of Finn Juhl who had been their teacher.
Biography
Arne Vodder was trained by Finn Juhl, who became their friend and business partner. Before concentrating on furniture alone, in 1951 they opened their own studio with the architect Anton Borg. Together they designed some 1,100 low-cost houses which proved to be a great success. In the 1950s and 1960s, at a time when Denmark was receiving international recognition for its furniture, they designed a wide range of items. Despite the originality and timelessness of their style, they are not as well known as contemporaries such as Børge Mogensen and Arne Jacobsen. Yet their works are simple and modest, crafted in natural materials such as rosewood and teak and, in particular, are free of sharp edges.
One of their more notable pieces is a rosewood sideboard with drawers shaped to avoid the need for handles. The timeless design of the piece combines exotic wood with coloured panels. Another classic is their chaise longue in teak and beech covered in wickered patent leather and produced by Bovirke. Other pieces include tables, desks, sofas and hall furniture, inspired by nature with soft, organic, elegantly curved lines.
From the 1950s, Vodder worked with the furniture company Sibast on several sets of office furniture which did particularly well on the American market, even arousing the interest of Jimmy Carter. In the 1960s, the furniture not only reached the White House but could be seen in banks, airline offices, embassies and hotels across the globe. Vodder also arranged international exhibitions in Sweden, England, Austria and the United States together with Verner Panton and Nanna Ditzel. Vodder worked with a number of manufacturers including Cadovius, Nielaus, Erik Jorgensen, Fritz Hansen, Sibast furniture and latterly Kircodan in Bangkok.
See also
Danish modern
Danish design
References
External links
Official website
Danish furniture designers
1926 births
2009 deaths
Danish modern
Károly Frenreisz (born 8 November 1946, Budapest, Hungary) is a Hungarian rock singer and songwriter.
Life
Frenreisz first studied piano and then learned to play the clarinet, saxophone, and bass. They were from 1965 to 1971 part of the band Metró. The most famous song they wrote while in the band was Citromízű banán. They played a significant role in getting Metró through the end of the sixties and being part of the era of modern experimental trends in music. In 1971, they were a founding member of the band Locomotiv GT, where they were the bassist, brass player, and lead singer. They wrote the band's first hits (Boldog vagyok, Érints meg), and was connected to the band's first international success. In January 1973 they left Locomotiv GT, and later they founded the band Skorpió. The band carried over Locomotiv GT's progressive sound for their first album "A rohanás" (1974), but soon after they switched to a more radio-friendly hard rock sound. They had many hit songs, such as "Így szólt hozzám a dédapám" (from "A rohanás") and later, "Azt beszéli már az egész város" (1985). They were the frontman and the leader of the band. The band is still active with some interruptions. They were the double-bass player of the Year in 1974 and 1981. Their half brother was actor Zoltán Latinovits (1931–1976) and their brother was actor István Bujtor (1942–2009). Their maternal grandfather was restaurateur Károly Gundel (founder of Gundel restaurant in Budapest), and Gundel's father was János Gundel.
They were a judge on the 2016 edition of A Dal, the Hungarian national selection for the Eurovision Song Contest 2016, and they were also part of the Hungarian national jury for the jury voting. They were again a judge on A Dal for the 2017 edition and was so again for the 2018 edition.
Personal life
 They are married in their second marriage. From their previous relationship they have a daughter, Zsófia, and a son, Zoltán.
Recognitions
Budapest díszpolgára (2012)
A Magyar Érdemrend tisztikeresztje (2015)
Kossuth Prize (2017)
Discography
Metro
Metro (1969)
Egy este a Metro Klubban… (1970)
Metro koncert (1992)
A Metro együttes összes felvétele (1992, compilation)
Gyémánt és arany (2000, compilation of non-album singles and rarities)
Locomotiv GT
Locomotiv GT (1971)
Ringasd el magad (1972)
Búcsúkoncert (1992) – the band's 1992 farewell concert; their contributions can be heard on the song "Ő még csak 14".
Skorpió
A rohanás (1974)
Ünnepnap (1976)
Kelj fel! (1977)
Gyere velem! (1978)
The Run (Swedish release in English, 1978)
Új! Skorpió (1980)
Zene tíz húrra és egy dobosra (1981)
Aranyalbum 1973–1983 (1983)
Azt beszéli már az egész város (1985)
A show megy tovább (1993)
Skorpió '73-'93 Aranyalbum (1993)
Notable bandmates
Tamás Barta (Locomotiv GT)
Győző Brunner (Metro)
Gábor Fekete (Skorpió)
János Fogarasi (Metro)
József Laux (Locomotiv GT)
Gábor Németh (Skorpió)
Géza Pálvölgyi (Skorpió)
Gyula Papp (Skorpió)
Tamás Papp (/Új/ Skorpió)
Gábor Presser (Locomotiv GT)
Ottó Schöck (Metro)
Dusán Sztevanovity (Metro)
Zorán Sztevanovity (Metro)
Gábor Antal Szűcs (Skorpió)
Tibor Tátrai (Új Skorpió)
Film roles
Mélyrétegben (1967) Ferenc Kerpán
A nagy generáció (1985)
A három testőr Afrikában (1996) zenész
Tea (tévésorozat, 2002–2003) Béla Páncél
Magyar vándor (2004) viking
Film music
Csak semmi pánik (1982)
Az elvarázsolt dollár (1985)
Hamis a baba (1991)
A három testőr Afrikában (1996)
Zsaruvér és Csigavér I.: A királyné nyakéke (2001)
Zsaruvér és Csigavér II.: Több tonna kámfor (2002)
Family tree
References
External links
A három testvér, Bujtor István, Frenreisz Károly és Latinovits Zoltán közös interjúja és dala egy 1966-os tévéfelvételen
1946 births
Hungarian male composers
Musicians from Budapest
20th-century Hungarian male singers
Hungarian people of German descent
Hungarian people of Italian descent
Living people
Locomotiv GT members
Maarten Vandevoordt (born 26 February 2002) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Belgian First Division A club Genk. They will join Bundesliga club RB Leipzig in 2024.
Club career
On 10 December 2019, Vandevoordt, aged 17 years 287 days, became the youngest goalkeeper in UEFA Champions League history, playing 90 minutes in a 4–0 loss to Napoli.
On 12 April 2022, German club RB Leipzig announced that they had completed a deal to sign Vandevoordt in 2024 on a five-year contract running until 2029.
Career statistics
Notes
Honours
Genk
Belgian Cup: 2020–21
References
External links
Belgium profile at Belgian FA
2002 births
Living people
People from Sint-Truiden
Belgian footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Belgium youth international footballers
Belgium under-21 international footballers
Sint-Truidense V.V. players
K.R.C. Genk players
Belgian First Division A players
Footballers from Limburg (Belgium)
21st-century Belgian people
Radical 207 meaning "drum" is 1 of 4 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 13 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 46 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.
Characters with Radical 207
Literature
External links
Unihan Database - U+9F13
207
Vanguard TV-2, also called Vanguard Test Vehicle-Two, was the third suborbital test flight of a Vanguard rocket as part of Project Vanguard. Successful TV-2 followed the successful launch of Vanguard TV-0 a one-stage rocket launched in December 1956 and Vanguard TV-1 a two-stage rocket launched in May 1957.
Project Vanguard was a program managed by the United States Naval Research Laboratory (NRL), and designed and built by the Glenn L. Martin Company (now Lockheed-Martin), which intended to launch the first artificial satellite into Earth orbit using a Vanguard rocket. as the launch vehicle from Cape Canaveral Missile Annex, Florida.
Vanguard TV-2 arrived at Cape Canaveral in June 1957. Vanguard TV-2 was a prototype as it had a liquid rocket first stage, a dummy (no fuel) second stage, and a dummy (no fuel) third stage. Three Vanguard stages were needed to put a satellite in orbit, the final goal of the Vanguard project. Since stage two and three had no power the test flight would not achieve the same height as Vanguard TV-1.
Vanguard TV-2 lifted off on 23 October 1957 from Cape Canaveral from launch pad LC-18A. Launch pad 18A was an older Viking launch stand that was shipped from White Sands Missile Range for use at the Cape Canaveral. Pad 18A was also used on Vanguard TV-0 and TV-1. The goal of TV-2 was to test the final Vanguard first stage, as well as to test the retrorocket system of stage two and spin-up of stage three. Also new to test on TV-2 flight was a super high frequency (SHF) C-band radio beacon on the rocket and ground tracking radar gear, used to track proper propulsion and trajectory. The telemetry was picked up at the Air Force Missile Test Center's (AFMTC) tracking station.
Vanguard TV-2 was successful, the three stage rocket achieved an altitude of , a down range of , and a top speed of . TV-2 landed in the Atlantic Ocean. First and second stage separated on time, all controls and tracking worked. The only problems TV-2 had been on the ground getting ready for the flight as there were many delays. TV-2 was shipped to the Cape not working (agreed and known by all parties). It took from early June to late October in 1957 at the Cape to work out all the problems that were not fixed in the manufacturing. For contrast TV-1 arrived at the cape in February 1956 and lifted off in early May 1956. The delay of TV-2 along with the failure of TV-3, put the United States behind in the Space Race. On 4 October 1957, 19 days before TV-2's lift off, a Soviet Union Sputnik rocket was used to perform the world's first satellite launch, taking away some of the joy of TV-2's success.
Background
Vanguard TV-0, Vanguard TV-1 and Vanguard TV-2 success was an important part of the Space Race. The Space Race started between the United States and the Soviet Union at the end of World War II, as a race began to retrieve as many V-2 rockets and Nazi Germany V-2 staff as possible. Three hundred rail-car loads of V-2 rocket weapons and parts were captured and shipped to the United States, also 126 of the principal designers of the V-2, including Wernher von Braun and Walter Dornberger, went to America. Von Braun, their brother Magnus von Braun, and seven others decided to surrender to the United States military in Operation Paperclip to ensure they were not captured by the advancing Soviets or shot dead by the Nazis to prevent their capture. Thus the V-2 program started the Space Race, the V-2 could not orbit, but could reach a height of on long range trajectory and up to if launched vertically.
Due to problems a delay with Vanguard TV-2 and failure of TV-3, Vanguard was not the first rocket to place into orbit an unmanned satellite. The first small-lift launch vehicle was the Sputnik rocket, it put into orbit an unmanned orbital carrier rocket designed by Sergei Korolev in the Soviet Union, derived from the R-7 Semyorka ICBM. On 4 October 1957, the Sputnik rocket was used to perform the world's first satellite launch, placing Sputnik 1 satellite into a low Earth orbit.
The U.S. later responded by launching the Vanguard TV-4 with Vanguard 1 satellite. that was intended to be the first launch vehicle the United States would use to place a satellite into orbit. Instead, the Sputnik crisis caused by the surprise launch of Sputnik 1 led the U.S., after the failure of Vanguard TV-3, to quickly orbit the Explorer 1 satellite using a Juno I rocket launched on 1 February 1958. Thus Vanguard 1 was the second successful U.S. orbital launch. Thus started the Space Race, that gave the drive to put men on the Moon with the Apollo program.
See also
Vanguard rocket
Project Vanguard
Comparison of orbital launch systems
Comparison of orbital rocket engines
Rocket
Spacecraft propulsion
References
Further reading
Mallove, Eugene F. and Matloff, Gregory L.; The Starflight Handbook: A Pioneer's Guide to Interstellar Travel, Wiley,
Spacecraft launched in 1957
Project Vanguard
Jota Aviation Limited was a British specialist charter airline based at London Biggin Hill Airport, United Kingdom. It held a United Kingdom Civil Aviation Authority Type A Operating Licence No. 2376; and was permitted to carry passengers, cargo and mail on aircraft with 20 or more seats.
History
Jota Aviation was founded in 2009, to meet the travel and cargo demands of the motorsport industry. Together with the related Jota Sport, Jota Design and Jota Historic divisions, formed the Jota Group. It was expanded into a specialist air charter and aircraft management company, offering 24-hour-a-day response from its London Southend Airport base. The company once declared itself the largest operator of Beechcraft King Air Model 90 aircraft in Europe.
The company offered ad hoc or Aircraft, Crew, Maintenance and Insurance (wet lease) charter flights on its British Aerospace 146, added to its Air Operator's Certificate in 2014. On 11 January 2016, JOTA announced the addition to their fleet of an Avro RJ85 aircraft. It was delivered to Southend on 5 April 2016. On 20 February 2017, JOTA received an Avro RJ100 formerly operated by Brussels Airlines. On 10 April 2018, JOTA announced an expansion of their cargo fleet with the addition of four BAe 146-300QTs, the first of which, was expected to enter service on 1 June 2018.
Jota Aviation ceased operations in April 2022 and announced in the following month that it was entering liquidation due to negative effects of Brexit and the COVID-19 pandemic on its business.
Fleet
Jota Aviation owned and operated seven British Aerospace 146 series aircraft:
References
External links
Defunct airlines of the United Kingdom
Airlines established in 2009
Airlines disestablished in 2022
Charter airlines of the United Kingdom
British companies established in 2009
2009 establishments in England
Southend-on-Sea (town)
Companies based in Essex
Mikael Birkkjær (born 14 September 1958) is a Danish actor.
Raised in Copenhagen, Birkkjær trained at Skuespillerskolen at Odense Teater in 1985.  They are best known internationally for their roles as Phillip Christensen in the Danish TV political drama Borgen, and Inspector Ulrik Strange in the 2009 TV series Forbrydelsen.
Personal life
Birkkjær was previously married to actor Tammi Øst with whom they have two children, Rasmus and Andrea;.
Film
Lad de små børn... (2004) (marketed as Aftermath in English speaking countries)
Oh Happy Day (2004)
Springet (2005)
The Escape (2009)
Room 304 (2011)
All Inclusive (2014)
What We Become (2016)
TV Series
Een gang strømer... (1987)
Krøniken (2005)
Sommer (2008)
Forbrydelsen (2009) (marketed as The Killing in English speaking countries)
Borgen (2010/2011/2022)
The Bridge (2018)
TV films
En farlig mand (1987)
Begær, Lighed og Broderskab (1990)
Boksning (1988)
References
External links
1958 births
Danish male actors
Living people
Male actors from Copenhagen
Pedro Folc de Cardona (Catalan: Pere Folc de Cardona) (died 11 April 1530), an illegitimate son of Joan Ramon Folc de Cardona y de Prades, 3rd Count of Cardona, was bishop of Urgell (1472–1515), president of the Generalitat of Catalonia (1482–85), editor of the Usatges de Barcelona (1505), viceroy of Catalonia (1521–23) and archbishop of Tarragona (1515–30).
History
Pere's half-brother Joan Ramon Folc IV de Cardona y d'Urgell (afterwards 1st Duke of Cardona) was ordered by King John II of Aragon to attack Hug Roger III of Pallars, a cousin of Pere's father. Eventually, after interventions in France and Italy, Hug Roger III, Count of Pallars, was imprisoned at the Royal Prison Castle of Xàtiva, occupied also by famous and ambitious Spanish-Italian Cesare Borgia, where they died in 1509. As a token of both brothers' loyalty to old king John II of Aragon and their son, king Ferdinand II, lands and titles, as a Marquess of Pallars were passed to the 1st Duke of Cardona, Pere de Cardona's legitimate brother.
We should take into account that in 1467, Pere's half-brother had married Aldonça Enríquez, a sister-in-law of King John II and aunt of Ferdinand II as the sister of Juana Enríquez.
King John II's son, Ferdinand II (1452 - king successor of the Aragonese kingdom and the Principality of Catalonia, 1479–1516; king of Aragon and Catalonia since 1479 and husband to queen regnant Isabella I of Castile since December 1474), rewarded Bishop Pere's brother Juan Ramon Folc IV, too, with the title of 1st Duke of Cardona, 1491, while Pere stayed as a Bishop of the very important episcopal See of Urgell till 1515, moving them then to the position of Archbishop of Tarragona.
Ferdinand II's 16-year-old grandson, King Charles I of Spain, a.k.a. Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor, and their mentally ill mother Queen Joan I of Castile "The Mad", confirmed this position but they died from the black death at Alcover in the province of Tarragona, Catalonia, Spain, on 11 April 1530, when escaping from the plague or black death at Tarragona seafaring city.
References
1530 deaths
16th-century deaths from plague (disease)
Archbishops of Tarragona
Bishops of Urgell
Bishops from Catalonia
Counts of Spain
Presidents of the Government of Catalonia
Viceroys of Catalonia
Year of birth missing
15th-century Roman Catholic bishops in the Kingdom of Aragon
15th-century Princes of Andorra
16th-century Roman Catholic archbishops in Spain
EFS Facilities Services Group is a facilities management company, headquartered in Dubai, UAE.
History
The company was established in 2006 as EFS Facilities Services Group in Dubai, UAE. EFS Facilities Services Group (EFS) provides integrated facilities management services across the Middle East, Africa, South Asia and Turkey.
Tariq Chauhan is the group CEO of the company and they are listed among the top 100 CEOs In The Middle East.
In 2017, the company acquired three Indian companies at the deal of INR. 300 crore.
In 2019, EFS secured $46.2mn contracts from Government of the UAE.
In 2020, EFS GROUP partnered with The National Skill Development Corporation (NSDC) of India towards the launch of Tejas.
EFS is currently listed by Forbes Middle East to be amongst the top fifty private companies in the UAE.
In 2022, EFS crossed five billion in contracts backlog when it was awarded Jeddah Airport contract valued at over SAR 750 million including multiple iconic projects in the UAE, Saudi and other countries in the Group's GCC operations.
References
Companies based in Dubai
Companies established in 2006
Emirati companies established in 2006
2006 establishments in the United Arab Emirates
Sarcochilus argochilus, commonly known as the northern lawyer orchid, is a small epiphytic orchid endemic to Queensland. It has up to eight thin leaves and up to twelve small bright green to yellowish green flowers with a white labellum.
Description
Sarcochilus argochilus is a small epiphytic herb with sparsely branched stems long with between two and eight leaves. The leaves are dark green, thin but rigid, oblong, long and wide. Between two and twelve bright green to yellowish green flowers long and wide are arranged on a flowering stem long. The sepal is long and wide whilst the petals are shorter and narrower. The labellum is white, long and wide with a few reddish brown markings. The labellum has three lobes, the side lobes erect and the middle lobe with a short tooth. Flowering occurs between June and December.
Taxonomy and naming
Sarcochilus argochilus was first formally described in 2006 by David Jones and Mark Clements and the description was published in Australian Orchid Review from a specimen collected in the Eungella National Park.
Distribution and habitat
The northern lawyer orchid grows on trees and vines in rainforest and other humid places. It is found in Queensland between the Mount Lewis National Park and Toowoomba.
References
Endemic orchids of Australia
Orchids of Queensland
Plants described in 2006
argochilus
Connor Roe Maguire may refer to:
Connor Roe Maguire (died 1625), Irish Gaelic chief of Magherastephana, County Fermanagh
Connor Maguire, 2nd Baron of Enniskillen, grandson of the above
is a six-volume manga series written by Yoshiyuki Tomino and illustrated by Yuichi Hasegawa, first serialized in Kadokawa Shoten's Shōnen Ace magazine from December 1994 to March 1997. A sequel to the animated theatrical film Mobile Suit Gundam F91, Crossbone has been officially distributed only in Japan and Italy.
Plot
In Universal Century (UC) 0133, ten years after the events of F91, Crossbone Vanguard forces attack a transport ship called the Smashion as it heads to the space colonies run by the Jupiter Empire. Tobia Arronax, a 13-year-old boy aboard the ship, flies out in a Batara mobile suit to fight the Crossbone Vanguard, who have long been derided as space pirates. Unfortunately, they are captured by Crossbone Vanguard ace pilot Seabook Arno, who now goes by the name Kincade Nau and brought before their leader, Berah Ronah, who offers them to join the Vanguard or go to Jupiter and forget the attack.
Tobia decides to be with the Vanguard, who reveal to them that the Jupiter Empire has spent several years building up its military strength to destroy the Earth Federation, with whom it has a partnership. Now armed with this information, Tobia is trained in mobile suit piloting by Kincaid and to discover their own Newtype abilities. They fly into action as pilot of the XM-X3 Crossbone Gundam X-3 mobile suit.
Characters
: The series' main protagonist, Tobia is a young student from Earth sent to live in the Jupiter Empire colonies. As soon as they arrives on Jupiter, they become wrapped up in the Jupiter War after the new Crossbone Vanguard attacks their ship, causing them to hijack a Bataras mobile suit before encountering Kincaide Nau in the Crossbone X-1. The truth becomes harder to swallow after Tobia learns that their teacher, Prof. Karas, is a Jupiter Empire agent. Determined to end the war, Tobia is often short-tempered, letting their emotions get the best of them in battle, while Kincaide continues to help him. As Tobia joins the Crossbone Vanguard, they get behind the controls of the Crossbone Gundam X-3.
/ Seabook Arno: The Gundam F91's former pilot and Tobia's mentor, Seabook was presumed dead in the wake of a terrorist attack on a Crossbone Vanguard ship five years after the events of F91. By the time of Crossbone Gundam, they and Berah Ronah are running a new Crossbone Vanguard as a pirate force attacking Jupiter Empire ships.
/ Cecily Fairchild : Another character from F91, Berah comes from the Ronah family who founded the Crossbone Vanguard. After the collapse of the original Crossbone Vanguard, they and Seabook were presumed dead during an incident in UC 0128. The two spend the next five years assembling a new Crossbone Vanguard to attack the Jupiter Empire, with Berah leading the group from aboard the Mother Vanguard 2. Kind, calm and a skilled commander, Berah still cares deeply for Seabook.
: A young girl who, after arriving on Jupiter at the same time as Tobia, later stows away on board the Mother Vanguard. Kind, quiet, and highly concerned for Tobia's safety, Briett wishies to visit Earth, their mother's birthplace. The Crossbone Vanguard discovers they are , daughter of Jupiter Empire leader Crux Dogatie.
: The third returning character from F91, Zabine serves with Berah's Crossbone Vanguard as the pilot of the Crossbone Gundam X-2. However, they still carry a grudge against Seabook. Unknown to everyone else, they are working for the revival of the original Crossbone Vanguard's plans for "Cosmo Babylonia", out of disillusionment with the ideals espoused by Berah's Vanguard.
: The Jupiter Empire's supreme leader, Dogatie is maintaining a peaceful alliance with the Earth Federation while covertly assembling their army for a strike against the Earth Sphere.
Sequels
Crossbone Gundam has had five sequels, all written and illustrated by Yuichi Hasegawa:
Mobile Suit Crossbone Gundam: Skull Heart (2002–2004): this manga is set three years after the ending of Crossbone Gundam, featuring short vignettes detailing further adventures of the Crossbone Vanguard.
Mobile Suit Crossbone Gundam: The Steel Seven (2006–2007): set a short time after the events of Skull Heart, the three-volume series introduces Bernadette's step-mother Europa, who flees to Earth to warn the Vanguard that the Jupiter Empire is planning to destroy the planet using a massive colony laser called "Zeus' Wrath". The danger prompts Tobia to find a way to get to Jupiter and form an elite team of pilots to destroy the laser system.
Mobile Suit Crossbone Gundam: Ghost (2011–2016): set around the events of the 1993–1994 TV series Mobile Suit Victory Gundam. The series introduces new characters: Font Baud, a Mobile Suit enthusiast; Curtis Rothko, a blind operative of Jupiter's "Serpiente Tacon" special forces command; and Belle, the daughter of one of Jupiter's leading families, and apparently Curtis' own daughter. The plot revolves around Curtis' efforts to protect Font from Zanscare Empire troops after they discover information about the Angel Halo superweapon. Things are complicated by the appearance of a Crossbone Gundam mobile suit, even though all units were believed destroyed in the climax of Steel Seven.
Mobile Suit Crossbone Gundam: Dust (2016–2020): set sixteen years after Mobile Suit Victory Gundam. The weaknesses of the Earth Federation have been exposed. Various space colonies, outside the reach of the weakened Federation, begin to fight each other and establish their own autonomous governments. Technology has regressed, as the Earth Sphere plunges into turmoil as various wars break out.
Mobile Suit Crossbone Gundam X-11 (2021–2022): set during the events of Dust in the Jupiter Sphere, and tells the story of what Curtis Rothko was doing, depicting their "final battle".
Crossbone Gundam in other media
The characters and mecha of Crossbone Gundam often appear in the SD Gundam G Generation video game series. The series also appears in 2nd Super Robot Wars Alpha, part of the long-running Super Robot Wars franchise; it is the first non-animated series to be given plot significance in a Super Robot Wars game. In 2010, Crossbone Gundam appeared in Another Century's Episode: R, Super Robot Wars''' action counterpart.
The animated series Gundam Build Fighters have one of the participants in the Gunpla Battle Championships, Mao Yasaka, fielding a version of the Crossbones called the XM-X9999 Crossbone Gundam Maoh. The sequel series, Gundam Build Fighters Try, features another variant, the XM-X1 Crossbone Gundam Full Cloth, used by Lucas Nemesis.
In a 2016 poll by AnimeAnime.jp, Crossbone Gundam'' was voted as the most-wanted anime adaptation over any other unadapted manga.
References
External links
Crossbone Gundam at Gears Online
Crossbone
Kadokawa Dwango franchises
Kadokawa Shoten manga
Shōnen manga
Aslan bey Safikurdski Aghalar bey oghlu (; 1881–1937), also known as Aslan bey Safikurdlu () was an Azerbaijani statesman who served as the Minister of Labor and Justice of Azerbaijan Democratic Republic and Minister of Postal Service and Telegraph of Azerbaijan Democratic Republic, and was member of Azerbaijani National Council and later Parliament of Azerbaijan.
Early years
Safikurdski was born in 1881, in the village Safikurd, in the Elizavetpol uezd of the Elizavetpol Governorate. After completing their studies at Ganja Gymnasium, they left for Saint Petersburg to attend Saint Petersburg State University. In 1905, they graduated from the Law Department of the university and returned to Ganja becoming the co-chair of Muslim Charity Society and chairperson of Actors Society. Throughout their career, Safikurdski worked as the chief prosecutor in the Elizavetpol and Shusha uezds ("counties").
Political career
With the establishment of Azerbaijan Democratic Republic, Safikurdski was elected member to the Executive Committee of Ganja Uyezd. On June 18, 1918, they were a part of the diplomatic delegation of Azerbaijan along with Musavat leader Mammad Amin Rasulzade, Khalil Khasmammadov, Akbar agha Sheykhulislamov which was sent to the conference in Istanbul to seek alliance with the Ottoman government. On December 26, 1918, when the third cabinet of ADR was formed, they were appointed Minister of Postal Service and Telegraph. The third government was dismissed on March 14, 1919. With formation of the fourth cabinet of ADR, Safikurdski was appointed the Minister of Labor and Justice. He's often credited for their labor reforms and salary increased for government workers.
After Bolshevik takeover of Azerbaijan on April 28, 1920, Safikurdski held various positions within the legal system of Azerbaijan, among them a position of a Deputy Commissar at the Ministry of Justice of Azerbaijan SSR and legal council to Azeroil Union. They died from long-term illness in 1937.
See also
Azerbaijani National Council
Cabinets of Azerbaijan Democratic Republic (1918-1920)
Current Cabinet of Azerbaijan Republic
References
1881 births
1937 deaths
Azerbaijan Democratic Republic politicians
Government ministers of Azerbaijan
Soviet rehabilitations
Politicians from Ganja, Azerbaijan
Members of the National Assembly of the Azerbaijan Democratic Republic
Russian Constituent Assembly members
Jurists from Ganja, Azerbaijan
Tin bromide can refer to either of the following chemical compounds:
Tin(II) bromide, SnBr2
Tin(IV) bromide, SnBr4
Science World is an educational magazine published by Scholastic Corporation targeting primarily children between grades 6 and 12 and covering many aspects of science, including "physical science, life science/health, earth and space science, environmental science, and technology."
History and profile
Science World was established in 1957 by Street & Smith Publications, Inc. In 1959, Scholastic Magazines, Inc. acquired the title. The magazine is based in New York City.
According to the Massachusetts Biotechnology Industry directory, Science World, "brings to life the latest breaking news and discoveries in every field of science, while helping students build critical-thinking and problem-solving skills." They are used in many schools, though a subscription is needed to obtain them.
References
External links
Official Website
Science World Online
1957 establishments in New York City
Children's magazines published in the United States
Monthly magazines published in the United States
Science and technology magazines published in the United States
Education magazines
Magazines established in 1957
Magazines published in New York City
Scholastic Corporation
The Mercuries Taiwan Masters (三商台灣名人賽) is an annual golf tournament held in Taiwan. It was founded in 1987 and has been an Asian Tour event since 2000.
Winners
See also
List of sporting events in Taiwan
References
External links
Coverage on the Asian Tour's official site
Past winners
Asian Tour events
Golf tournaments in Taiwan
Autumn events in Taiwan
1987 establishments in Taiwan
Sir John Croft, 1st Baronet FRS DL (1778–1862) was an English diplomat, and spy for Wellington against Napoleon.
Life
They were born in Porto, Portugal, the son of John Croft, merchant, and Henrietta Maria, daughter of James Tunstall. They were educated in a British school run by an Anglican clergyman Dr. Bell, who taught their pupils fluency in six languages. In 1795, at their father's request, Jack (his nickname), joined the family Port house. Five years later they sailed to London to become a scientist. Their first work was as an assistant to Humphry Davy, the inventor of the miners' safety lamp. In 1803 they went to assist the botanist Joseph Banks. Jack was later admitted to the Royal Society, with recommendations by Davy and Banks and Peter Mark Roget. In 1814 they were also appointed an Associate of The Royal Academy of Science in Lisbon.
In 1810 in the midst of the Peninsular Wars they met Charles Stuart, the British Minister to Portugal, who invited them to undertake a six-month espionage operation along the entire north coast of Spain from Corunna to the French border. Their task was to organise a network of agents to report details of French troop movements to Stuart who, in turn, would sort them and pass them to Wellington.
The following year Charles Stuart appointed Jack as the joint leader of the British Government Distribution Fund whose challenge was to provide aid to desolate Portuguese villagers in the war-torn villages. They quickly took charge of the operation and with their team of 16 volunteers provided blankets, clothing, food, medicines, livestock, etc. to 77,000 families.
In 1814 the Portuguese Regent awarded them the Order of the Tower and Sword, four years later they were awarded a baronetcy, and in 1854 Portugal remembered them again with the title of Barao da Serra do Gerês<Croft family records>.
Letters and documents confirming this history are contained in the archives of The Fladgate Partnership, Vila Nova de Gaia, Portugal and the Croft family records.
References
British spies
Deputy Lieutenants of Kent
Fellows of the Royal Society
Baronets in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom
1778 births
1862 deaths
People from Porto
Lobesia lithogonia is a moth of the family Tortricidae first described by Alexey Diakonoff in 1954. It is found in Thailand, Sri Lanka, Java, Borneo and New Guinea.
Description
The wingspan is 9–12 mm. The forewings are suffused with whitish ochreous, except for the edge of the markings, which are suffused with fuscous grey. The markings are tawny and more or less infuscated (darkened), and marked with dark fuscous brown. The hindwings are pale fuscous, with prismatic reflections, those in and beyond the cell are greenish. Its larval food plant is Eugenia densiflora.
References
Moths described in 1954
Olethreutini
The 3rd Pan American Acrobatic Gymnastics Championships were held in Monterrey, Mexico from November 22 to 24, 2019. The competition was organized by the Mexican Gymnastics Federation and approved by the International Gymnastics Federation.
Participating nations
(Junior and age groups)
(Junior and age groups)
(Age groups)
(Age groups)
(Senior, junior and age groups)
Results
Senior
References
2019 in gymnastics
Pan American Gymnastics Championships
International gymnastics competitions hosted by Mexico
2019 in Mexican sports
Louis-Guillaume Otto, comte de Mosloy (7 August 1754 – 9 November 1817) was a Germano-French diplomat.
Life
A student of Christoph Wilhelm von Koch and a friend of Emmanuel-Joseph Sieyès at the University of Strasbourg, Ludwig Otto graduated in Modern Languages and Law.
They entered the French diplomatic service, becoming private secretary to César de La Luzerne in Bavaria, before being despatched in 1779 on a diplomatic mission to the newly formed United States of America. Otto fell for Anne Shippen and courted them with letters. Them mother was keen but their father married them to another.
While in Philadelphia, they succeeded François Barbé-Marbois as Secretary of the French Legation in May 1785, serving another two terms as Chargé d'affaires ad interim, having established cordial relations with George Washington and other senior members of Congress. While in the United States they authored reports analyzing the U.S. Constitution and the prospects for its ratification.
In March 1787, Otto married Elizabeth, daughter of Peter Van Brugh Livingston; they died in December 1787. Otto was elected to the American Philosophical Society in 1787.
They returned to France at the end of 1792, and shortly afterwards the Revolutionary Government Committee of Public Safety appointed them as the first Head of the Political Division for Foreign Affairs.
However, the fall of the Girondins on 31 May 1793 led to Otto's dismissal and arrest.
They then came close to being guillotined, but survived and followed Abbot Sieyès to Berlin as Secretary to their Legation, remaining there as Chargé d'affaires after Sieyès joined the French Directory.
A letter written by them on 6 July 1799 seems to be the earliest recorded use of the term Industrial Revolution in French; in the letter, they announce that that revolution has begun in France.
They were posted to London in 1800, first as Commissioner responsible for Prisoners of War, before appointment as Minister Plenipotentiary. Instructed to negotiate with the British Cabinet, in 1801, they forged the outline agreement for the Peace of Amiens.
In 1803, they were posted to the Bavarian court of the Prince-Elector Maximilian at Munich.
In 1805, their influence on the Elector impressed Napoleon I, who appointed them to the Conseil d'État and honoured them as Grand officier of the Légion d'honneur.
In 1810 they were despatched as French Ambassador to Vienna, where they negotiated the conditions for Napoleon's second marriage with Archduchess Marie-Louise.
Napoleon rewarded Otto by creating them comte de Mosloy in late 1810.
During their residence in Vienna, Louis Otto came into contact with Klemens, graf von Metternich (State Chancellor of the Austrian Empire), who had also been tutored by Professor von Koch.
The Count was excluded from politics during the First Restoration and retired after the Second Restoration, since they had served as Under-Secretary for Foreign Affairs from 24 March until 22 June during the Hundred Days.
Following their death in 1817 Otto was buried in the 37th division at Cimetière du Père-Lachaise in Paris.
Coat of arms
Blazon: "Écartelé, aux 1 et 4 fascé d'or et de sable ; au 2 d'argent à une loutre de sable issante d'une rivière d'azur engoulant un poisson d'or; au 3 de gueules au lion léopardé d'or tenant un coeur d'argent"
See also
List of Ambassadors of France to the United Kingdom
References
External links
www.napoleon-empire.com
1754 births
1817 deaths
People from Kehl
People of the French Revolution
French people of the Napoleonic Wars
Diplomacy during the American Revolutionary War
Grand Officiers of the Légion d'honneur
Counts of the First French Empire
Burials at Père Lachaise Cemetery
French people of the American Revolution
18th-century French diplomats
19th-century French diplomats
Ambassadors of France to Great Britain
Ambassadors of France to Prussia
Ambassadors of France to Austria
Members of the American Philosophical Society
The 1916 Pensacola hurricane was a tropical cyclone that swept across the western Caribbean Sea and Gulf of Mexico in October 1916. It was the last hurricane of the 1916 Atlantic hurricane season, forming as a tropical depression near Jamaica on October 9 and moved slowly southwest and west, taking an unusual track for storms in October. Intensification was initially slow, but proceeded in earnest after October 11 as the depression strengthened into a tropical storm and then a hurricane. It passed over the Swan Islands before moving ashore the Yucatán Peninsula on October 15 near the border between the British Honduras and Mexico. Plantains and coconuts in the British Honduras sustained harsh losses. Twenty people were killed following the loss of a ship in the western Caribbean. The tropical cyclone weakened as it moved across the peninsula and curved north into the Gulf of Mexico on October 16.
The hurricane restrengthened as it accelerated towards the U.S. Gulf Coast, reaching a peak with winds of 110 mph (175 km/h) shortly before making landfall near Pensacola, Florida, on the morning of October 18. Records for extreme wind velocities were set in Pensacola and in Mobile, Alabama, where gusts above were recorded. Two people were killed in Alabama. However, the storm's quick movement into the coast reduced the associated storm surge and rainfall, lessening the damage wrought by the hurricane. Total property damage in the Pensacola area amounted to approximately $100,000. In Louisiana, the storm's rainfall was beneficial for crops struggling from a concurrent drought. After moving inland, the storm weakened and merged with another area of low pressure near the Great Lakes on October 19. The resulting storm produced gusty winds over much of the Eastern United States and was blamed for the loss of 49 lives on Lake Erie in what became known as Black Friday.
Meteorological history
In the wake of an earlier hurricane over the Virgin Islands, lowered air pressures prevailed over the Caribbean Sea in mid-October. The 1916 Pensacola hurricane arose from this broad area of low pressure, though its initial developments were not well-observed; a summary of the storm in the October 1916 issue of the Monthly Weather Review described its origins as "uncertain". The Jamaican Weather Service noted that it was difficult to differentiate the barometric influence of the developing tropical cyclone from the Virgin Islands hurricane. A reanalysis of the hurricane, conducted by the Atlantic Oceanographic and Meteorological Laboratory in 2008, determined that it began as a tropical depression east of Jamaica on October 9. The depression moved slowly southwest for the next two days without much fluctuation in its strength. At the time, the Weather Bureau first noted the storm's cyclonic nature on October 11, but nonetheless the available observations suggested the cyclone was of meager intensity south of Jamaica. The storm then turned west and quickly strengthened, becoming a tropical storm on October 12 and a hurricane the following day.
On October 14, its maximum sustained winds topped out at 110 mph (175 km/h) based on nearby observations taken on the Swan Islands. The hurricane maintained these winds for the remainder of its trek in the western Caribbean, eventually making landfall on the Yucatán Peninsula just north of the British Honduras–Mexico border on October 15. The hurricane weakened as it traversed the Yucatán Peninsula and emerged into the Gulf of Mexico as a tropical storm by 12:00 UTC on October 16. Up until that point, the storm's sustained westward trek in tropical latitudes was unprecedented for an October hurricane. After reaching the Gulf of Mexico, the cyclone then curved towards the central Gulf and restrengthened, attaining hurricane intensity on October 17. As it was accelerating north towards the central U.S. Gulf Coast on October 18, the hurricane's winds once again reached 110 mph (175 km/h), equivalent to a Category 2 on the modern Saffir–Simpson scale. With this intensity, the hurricane made landfall near Pensacola, Florida, at 14:00 UTC that day. Its central pressure was estimated to have been 970 mbar (hPa; 28.64 inHg). Pensacola briefly experienced the storm's calm center. The storm quickly weakened after moving inland, tracking over Alabama, Tennessee, Kentucky, and Illinois before ultimately merging with another area of low pressure near the Great Lakes by 12:00 UTC on October 19. This resulting combined system was initially broad and diffuse, but a dominant center of circulation soon emerged over Illinois on October 19. This new storm tracked northeast into the Great Lakes region and was last observed crossing Ontario.
Preparations and impact
Communications with the Swan Islands were disrupted as the hurricane passed nearby. Three wireless towers were destroyed and two thousand coconut trees were blown down. Buildings sustained slight damage. Several barges were grounded on the Swan Islands' shores. Twenty people were killed following a ship's sinking in the western Caribbean. Most plantains and hundreds of coconut trees in the British Honduras were destroyed by the hurricane. Heavy rainfall was documented on the Yucatán Peninsula.
Beginning on October 14, the Weather Bureau began advising ships in the Gulf of Mexico of the storm's possible approach via the Yucatán Channel. Storm warnings were issued by the Weather Bureau for a stretch of the U.S. Gulf Coast between Bay St. Louis, Mississippi, and Carrabelle, Florida, on the morning of October 17. Hurricane warnings were issued for areas between New Orleans, Louisiana, and Apalachicola, Florida, on October 18 as the cyclone drew nearer. Storm warnings were also issued on the Eastern Seaboard between Savannah, Georgia, and Cape Henry, Virginia, and additional warnings for damaging gale-force winds were issued for inland areas in Alabama, western Georgia, northwestern Florida, and Mississippi. These alerts were radioed to coastal interests and yielded enough time for substantial precautionary measures to be put in place. The warnings advised for ships to remain in port. Eight ships bound for Central Americana and European ports remained anchored at the mouth of the Mississippi River. A hundred fishing schooners operating in the wetlands of Louisiana fled for Biloxi, Mississippi, to avoid the storm. The United States Coast Guard dispatched the cutter Tallapoosa to render assistance to vessels in distress if necessary. Shipping firms authorized the resumption of shipping operations at noon on October 18. The perceived threat of the hurricane to Alabama's cotton-growing regions caused the price of cotton at the New Orleans Cotton Exchange to advance by $4.50 per bale, reaching autumnal highs unseen since the Civil War. On the evening of October 18, all warnings concerning the hurricane's landfall were terminated.
Category 2 hurricane conditions were experienced in Alabama and the Florida Panhandle. The storm's damaging effects were localized; in Florida, damage was limited to the Pensacola area. At the coast, the hurricane produced a storm surge generally above mean tide. These values were low relative to the storm's intensity due to the storm's small size and fast forward speed at landfall. Rough seas along Santa Rosa Island and the Fairpoint Peninsula caused $10,000 in damage to railroads as embankments were eroded. Most of the damage associated with the hurricane at its Gulf landfall was caused by the strong winds that accompanied the storm. Mobile, Alabama, recorded a peak gust of , while a peak gust of was registered in Pensacola, Florida. These were new highs for both cities, topping records set three months prior in the 1916 Gulf Coast hurricane. One-minute sustained winds of 94 mph (152 km/h) were also documented in the two cities. The anemometer in Pensacola was blown away a minute after recording the peak gust and shortly before the storm's eye passed overhead. The winds damaged fences, roofs, signs, and trees. In Pensacola, 200 trees were felled. Several ships were lost in the Pensacola harbor and many small craft were damaged. Three schooners were driven ashore. The sinking of the steamship Flanders off Pensacola killed one person. Plateglass windows were smashed; a 13-year-old boy sustained injuries after being defenestrated by the winds. All electric and communication wires in Pensacola were knocked out of commission for 12 hours. Storm damage suspended rail service between the city and Jacksonville, Florida, for a week. The roof of a school was almost entirely peeled away. At the Pensacola Naval Yard, an office building was unroofed and the sheathing of the hangar was partially torn off.
In Alabama, the heaviest damage occurred in Dale, Covington, and Coffee counties. Strong winds blew down homes and timber. Mobile was caught in the storm's core for two hours. A steamship sank and two large ships were driven aground. One steamship, the James A. Carney, partially sunk in their dry dock after being raised following the 1916 Gulf Coast hurricane. Many smaller skiffs and launches in the Mobile area were driven ashore or capsized. Damage was relatively light in the city proper, totaling a few thousand dollars. Two buildings in the business district were unroofed and plateglass windows were broken. Communications wires were downed on the morning of October 18, though restorations of telecommunications began within hours. Trains in Mobile bound for New Orleans, Louisiana, and Mobile-bound trains from Montgomery, Alabama, were halted due to the loss of communications. Seven people were killed when a home was razed. One person was killed due to electrocution by a live electric wire. Electric crews from Albany, Alabama, were dispatched to repair telecommunications infrastructure in the Mobile area. Other towns in South Alabama reported homes unroofed and trees blown down, but without loss of life.
Rainfall associated with the hurricane was the heaviest farther away from the storm's center to the west and east, with totals above across much of the Mississippi River Delta. Most rain occurred ahead of the system as it was approaching the coast, with drier conditions prevailing to the storm's south after it moved inland. At Burrwood, Louisiana, the storm produced of rain overall; of rain fell in the 24-hours ending on the morning of October 18. Five stations, including the one at Burwood, set 24-hour rainfall records during the hurricane's passage. Rainfall in the state proved beneficial, relieving drought conditions and helping to restore struggling crops.
Despite the intensity of the hurricane, the warnings from the Weather Bureau combined with the storm's small size and fast motion kept losses low along the Gulf coast, reducing the damage potential of storm surge and rainfall. Total property damage in the Mobile and Pensacola area was approximately $100,000. Shipping interests incurred about $25,000 in losses. The storm's extratropical stages contributed to the formation of a powerful storm that brought gusty winds throughout all of the Great Lakes and gale-force winds off the coasts of the Mid-Atlantic states and New England between October 15–20. Winds reaching 60–75 mph (95–120 km/h) on Lake Erie claimed the lives of 49 people and sank 4 ships in what became known as Black Friday. The influence of this system was extensive; in Florida, the cold temperatures brought equatorward by the cyclone were still in place through October 23.
See also
List of Florida hurricanes (1900–1949)
List of Alabama hurricanes
Hurricane Baker (1950) – struck a similar area of the Gulf coast
1916 Irondale earthquake – occurred as the hurricane was making landfall
Other storms that transitioned into or fueled damaging extratropical cyclones
Hurricane Grace – led to the formation of the 1991 Perfect Storm
Hurricane Ida – helped fuel the November 2009 nor'easter
Hurricane Hazel – its extratropical stages were particularly deadly in the Toronto area
Notes
References
1916 natural disasters in the United States
1910s Atlantic hurricane seasons
Category 2 Atlantic hurricanes
Hurricanes in Florida
Hurricanes in Alabama
Hurricanes in Belize
Atlantic hurricanes in Mexico
1916 in Florida
1916 in Alabama
1916 meteorology
Kent is a surname. Notable people with the name include:
A–D
E–H
I–J
K–M
N–R
S–T
U–Z
Fictional characters
Ariella Kent, comic character
Clark Kent, the secret identity of Superman
Chris Kent, Superman's adopted son
Conner Kent, Superman's cousin, human/Kryptonian hybrid
Gabriel Kent, fictional character
Jonathan and Martha Kent, Superman's foster parents
Jon Lane Kent, son of Superman from an alternate future in DC Comics
Jonathan Samuel Kent, Superboy in DC Comics and son of Superman and Lois Lane
The Kents, fictional characters from The Kent Family Chronicles novel series
Gilbert Kent, fictional characters from Hayate The Combat Butler
See also
Kent (given name)
Kant (surname)
Cant (surname)
Kante (surname)
Kantor (surname)
Cantor (surname)
English-language surnames
English toponymic surnames
Turkish-language surnames
The Eparchy of Passaic () is a Ruthenian Greek Catholic Church ecclesiastical territory or eparchy of the Catholic Church in the eastern United States. Its headquarters are at 445 Lackawanna Avenue, Woodland Park, New Jersey (formerly West Patterson). The Eparchy of Passaic is a suffragan eparchy in the ecclesiastical province of the metropolitan Archeparchy of Pittsburgh.
On October 29, 2013, Pope Francis appointed Father Kurt Burnette, until then the Rector of Saints Cyril and Methodius Seminary, in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania (since October 2012), as Eparch-elect of the Eparchy, succeeding William Skurla, who had become the leader of the Byzantine Catholic Archeparchy of Pittsburgh. The Eparchy was erected July 6, 1963 and its seat is the Cathedral of St. Michael the Archangel, in the episcopal see of Passaic, New Jersey. Its first bishop was Stephen Kocisko. Currently, the Eparchy has 89 parishes under its canonical jurisdiction.
Eparchs
Stephen John Kocisko † (July 6, 1963 - December 22, 1967) Appointed, Eparch of Pittsburgh (Ruthenian)
Michael Joseph Dudick † (July 29, 1968 - November 6, 1995) Retired
Andrew Pataki † (November 6, 1995 - December 6, 2007) Retired
William C. Skurla (December 6, 2007 - January 19, 2012) Appointed, Archeparch of Pittsburgh (Ruthenian)
Kurt Burnette (December 4, 2013 – Present)
Parishes
The eparchy encompasses parishes located in the following states:
Connecticut
Florida
Georgia
Maryland
New Jersey
New York
North Carolina
Pennsylvania (eastern counties)
South Carolina
Virginia
Bishops
Ordinaries
Stephen John Kocisko (1963-1967), appointed Bishop of Pittsburgh (Ruthenian)
Michael Joseph Dudick (1968-1995)
Andrew Pataki (1995-2007)
William Charles Skurla(2007-2013), appointed Archbishop of Pittsburgh (Ruthenian)
Kurt Richard Burnette (2013-
Other priest of this eparchy who became bishop
Gerald Nicholas Dino, appointed Bishop of Van Nuys (Ruthenian) in 2007
See also
Byzantine Catholic Metropolitan Church of Pittsburgh
Byzantine Catholic Archeparchy of Pittsburgh
Byzantine Catholic Eparchy of Parma
Byzantine Catholic Eparchy of Phoenix
Byzantine Catholic Exarchate of Saints Cyril and Methodius of Toronto
References
External links
American Byzantine Catholic Hierarchy and Clergy-Found at The Carpathian Connection
Ruthenian Catholic Eparchy of Passaic Official Site
Eparchy of Passaic (Ruthenian) at Catholic-Hierarchy.org
The Archeparchy of Pittsburgh
Metropolia of Pittsburgh
Byzantine Catholic Church in America
Passaic
Catholicism in New Jersey
Passaic
Passaic, New Jersey
Passaic
Passaic
Rusyn-American culture in Maryland
Rusyn-American culture in New Jersey
Rusyn-American culture in New York (state)
Rusyn-American culture in Pennsylvania
Woodland Park, New Jersey
Hammett is an unincorporated community in Crawford County, in the U.S. state of Georgia.
History
A post office called Hammett was established in 1904, and remained in operation until 1940. The community was named after the Hammett brothers, proprietors of a local sawmill.
References
Unincorporated communities in Crawford County, Georgia
The following are the national records in track cycling in Lithuania maintained by the Lithuanian Cycling Federation (LDSF).
Men
Women
See also
List of Lithuanian records
References
External links
LDSF web site
records
Cycling
Track cycling
Lithuanian
Glyphipterix calliactis is a species of sedge moth in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1914. It is found in New Zealand.
References
Moths described in 1914
Glyphipterigidae
Moths of New Zealand
Endemic fauna of New Zealand
Taxa named by Edward Meyrick
Podgrič () is a small village at the upper end of the Vipava Valley, below the southwest slopes of Mount Nanos, in the Municipality of Vipava in the Littoral region of Slovenia.
References
External links
Podgrič at Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Vipava
The Sidewalk.com website was formerly the location of a Microsoft Corporation local information project. The website is now owned by Ask Media Group.
History
Sidewalk.com was first registered in 1995 by a C.D. Bell of Los Angeles, CA, as a website where local subscribers could gain a presence on the web. Bell compiled a lengthy list of possible names for their new domain, and much to their surprise their first choice, "Sidewalk.com", was available. Most of the website content was rather inconsequential save for the wildly popular "Unofficial O.J. Simpson Boycott Page".
In 1996 Bell sold the domain to the Microsoft Corporation who, for its purposes, was interested in the domain name only.
1997 saw Microsoft debut the website as a listing of local events and information in numerous cities. It was Microsoft Corporation's attempt to create a group of comprehensive web portals oriented towards specific cities. Imbued with hip urban writing and lifestyle articles, the service was intended to compete with urban weekly newspapers. It was preceded by other city-specific net guides such as AOL's Digital Cities and Boulevards.
In 1999, Microsoft sold the project to Citysearch. However, in 2007 Steve Ballmer stated that "Sidewalk was really aimed at what we now call local search... Sidewalk is one we should not have gotten out of."
On June 25, 2009 Citysearch launched the "Right Here Right Now" challenge, inviting anyone to create a brand-new business at Sidewalk.com that enable users to live life on the go more easily. Participants are called to submit a brilliant idea for a web and mobile application that includes access to Citysearch's taxonomy, directory, content and other open APIs focused on local. Selected by a panel of judges, the creator of the winning application will win $10,000 in cash and, possibly, the opportunity to develop and manage a new business venture with up to $1 million in funding and an equity stake in the new Sidewalk.com venture, and access to the Citysearch publisher network allowing them to instantly monetize traffic.
As of October 2012, the site is controlled by Citysearch subsidiary CityGrid Media and contains very limited content.
References
External links
Sidewalk.com (Archives)
Sidewalk scares newspapers
Opinion: Microsoft Sidewalk
Cracks in Microsoft's Sidewalk
Uncompleted Microsoft initiatives
Internet properties established in 1997
Defunct websites
The Forestry Research Institute of Sweden (), or Skogforsk, is a research institute headquartered in Uppsala, jointly financed by the members of the Swedish forestry industry and the Government. The institute aims to provide the industry with knowledge, products, and services, for more cost-effective and sustainable forestry, leading to increased competitiveness and realization of societal goals. The demand-driven applied research includes a wide variety of fields, such as forest technology, raw-material utilization, environmental impact and conservation, forest tree breeding, logistics, forest bioenergy and silviculture. The institute has budget of approximately SEK 150 M, with a staff of 120 people, of which about 80 are researchers.
References
External links
https://www.skogforsk.se/english/
Skogforsk knowledge base (Swedish)
ETT vehicle on YouTube
Sweden
Research institutes in Sweden
Forestry in Sweden
Adolph Albrecht Erlenmeyer (11 July 1822 – 9 August 1877) was a German physician and psychiatrist born in Wiesbaden.
They studied medicine in Marburg, Bonn and Berlin. At the University of Bonn they studied under surgeon Karl Wilhelm Wutzer (1789–1863), and after receiving their doctorate from the University of Berlin, they were an assistant to psychiatrist Carl Wigand Maximilian Jacobi (1777–1858) at the asylum in Siegburg. As a young man, Erlenmeyer was influenced by Jacobi's somatic approach to psychiatry, and felt that there needed to be a close unity of psychiatry and neurology.
In 1848 they opened a private asylum in Bendorf bei Koblenz that was to become known as Asyl für Gehirn- und Nervenkranke. During the ensuing years the facility expanded, eventually having a department of neurology (1866) and an "agricultural colony" called Albrechtshöhe (1867).
In 1854 Erlenmeyer became a co-founder of the Deutsche Gesellschaft für Psychiatrie und gerichtliche Psychologie (German Society for Psychiatry and Forensic Psychology). Their son, psychiatrist Friedrich Albrecht Erlenmeyer (1849–1926) is remembered for their research of morphine addiction.
Published works
Die Gehirnatrophie der Erwachsenen (Brain atrophy in adults) 1852
Wie sind Seelenstörungen in ihrem Beginne zu behandeln? (How psychic disturbances should be treated in their beginning). 1860; Later translated into several languages.
Die subcutanen Injectionen der Arzneimittel (Subcutaneous injections) 1866
Die Embolie der Hirnarierien (Embolism of the cerebral arteries) 1867
Die luetischen Psychosen (Syphilitic psychoses) 1876.
References
Pagel: Biographical Encyclopedia of outstanding physicians of the nineteenth century.
Deutsche Biographie
1822 births
1877 deaths
People from Wiesbaden
People from the Duchy of Nassau
German psychiatrists
University of Bonn alumni
Reversing Roe is a 2018 American documentary film directed by Ricki Stern and Anne Sundberg. Through interviews, the film analyzes the abortion laws in the United States and the effects of the 1973 Roe v. Wade case. The film is internationally distributed by Netflix, where it was released on September 13, 2018.
Synopsis
Documentarists Ricki Stern and Anne Sundberg interview several politicians, experts, and activists about the state of the abortion politics in the United States and about the 1973 U.S. Supreme Court's landmark decision Roe v. Wade.
Cast
Donna Howard as themselves
John Seago as themselves
Brigitte Amiri as themselves
Troy Newman as themselves
Colleen McNicholas as themselves
Linda Greenhouse as themselves
Tom Davis as themselves
Release
Reception
Reversing Roe was worldwide released on September 13, 2018, on Netflix. Upon its release, the film received universal acclaim by the critics. On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, Reversing Roe has an approval rating of based on reviews. Metacritic, which uses a weighted average, assigned a score of 70 out of 100, based on 4 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews".
Robert Abele of the Los Angeles Times wrote: "As contentiousness turned into real-world consequences, Reversing Roe reminds us that the more women get involved regarding their rights, the more likely we're to see a fair, principled fight". Ben Kenigsberg of The New York Times stated that the film ... "provides a clear and accessible overview of more than 50 years of the social and legal history of the issue in the United States". Brian Lowry, writing for CNN, was more critical towards the film, stating: "While the documentary sheds welcome light on Roe's history -- on the road that brought us to this crucial juncture -- the filmmakers, perhaps inevitably, bypassed some key stops and turns along the way."
Reversing Roe was nominated for an Emmy for Outstanding Politics and Government Documentary at the 40th News and Documentary Emmy Award.
References
External links
2018 documentary films
American documentary films
Films directed by Ricki Stern and Anne Sundberg
Netflix original documentary films
Documentary films about abortion
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Edward Alexander Partridge (5 November 1861 – 3 August 1931) was a Canadian teacher, farmer, agrarian radical, business person and author. They were born in Ontario but moved to Saskatchewan where they taught and then became a farmer. They were active in the Territorial Grain Growers' Association (TGGA), founded in 1902, which addressed various problems with the Western Canada grain market. They founded the cooperative Grain Growers' Grain Company, the predecessor of the United Grain Growers, and the Grain Growers' Guide, a widely distributed weekly paper. Their "Partridge Plan" was a broad and visionary proposal for addressing a wide range of farmers' issues, eliminating many abuses caused by the near-monopoly of grain elevator companies, and resulted in important reforms by the provincial governments. Patridge was named a National Historic Person in 2018.
Early career
Edward Alexander Partridge was born on 5 November 1861 near Crown Hill, Springwater then in Upper Canada.
They were the third son in a farming family. Their parents were John Thomas Partridge and Martha Chappell.
There were fourteen children altogether in the family.
Their father's parents had emigrated from New York State in 1819 and settled to the northeast of Barrie, Ontario.
Partridge's mother died while they were an infant, and they lived with their grandparents for a period while they attended public school. They completed secondary school in Barrie and obtained a teacher's certificate. They taught for a period, then in December 1883 moved west with their brother to attempt farming in the District of Assiniboia.
They settled at the hamlet and railway station of Sintaluta, now in Saskatchewan but then in the North-West Territories.
Unable to afford the equipment and supplies they needed to operate a farm, Partridge returned to teaching.
They taught near Broadview, at Saltcoats and at Maple Green near Lemberg. They served in the Yorkton Militia from April to June 1885 during the North-West Rebellion.
In 1886, they married Mary Elizabeth Stephens in Balcarres, Saskatchewan, and they began a farm.
They had three daughters and two sons.
Territorial Grain Growers' Association
Farmers formed the Territorial Grain Growers' Association (TGGA) in January 1902 to help them fight abuse by the grain dealers and railways.
The TGGA had succeeded in getting the Manitoba Grain Act amended to eliminate the main abuses by 1903.
With the passage of the amendments to the act it had achieved its primary objective, and lost some of its momentum.
Partridge began to push the TGGA members to demand tighter control of the grading system and inspection of elevators.
They also proposed a cooperative grain trading company owned by the farmers, a newspaper to help communication and greater involvement by farmers in political issues.
Grain Growers' Grain Company
The Sintaluta Local was concerned about the operation of the Winnipeg Grain Exchange. They persuaded the federal government to appoint a "watchdog" to make sure that the exchange was treating grain growers fairly, and they sent Partridge to Winnipeg in January–February 1905 to observe the exchange. They were treated poorly and became convinced that the exchange was not interested in the farmers, who needed their own grain company.
For their observations of the Grain Exchange they earned the nickname "That Man Partridge."
Patridge spoke at the SGGA convention in 1906, and attacked the grain handling system. They said that the elevator companies, millers and exporters rigged the grain prices so they were low during the fall harvest period, when farmers had to sell to obtain cash to pay their debts. They then made future contracts to the English buyers for delivery at far higher prices. Many of their audience were convinced by their argument.
On 27 January 1906 the Grain Growers' Grain Company (GGGC) was founded as a cooperative company to handle marketing of the grain, under Partridge's leadership.
The GGGC found itself engaged in a lengthy struggle with the existing grain companies over its seats on the Winnipeg Grain Exchange. It was expelled for paying patronage dividends to its member clients, then reinstated when the Manitoba Grain Growers' Association MGGA exerted pressure on the government of Rodmond Roblin.
The president of the MGGA, D.W. McCuaig, sued three of the exchange's members for combining to obstruct trade.
Partridge resigned as president of the GGGC at the 1907 convention, in part because the company's original cooperative structure had been modified to meet the requirements of the Grain Exchange, in part because they were not interested in running the company they had launched.
In 1908 Partridge lost a leg in an accident.
Grain Growers' Guide
Partridge felt that the press had given unfair treatment of the struggle to get the GGGC off the ground, and helped organize a farmers' publication.
The Grain Growers' Guide first appeared in 1908, edited by Partridge.
It was published by the Grain Growers' Grain Company through its subsidiary, Public Press Limited.
The Guide represented the interests of the MGGA and its sister organizations the Saskatchewan Grain Growers' Association (SGGA) and the United Farmers of Alberta (UFA).
Partridge thought the guide should be a militant paper, but was not supported in this view. They resigned after the first issue.
Partridge and Thomas Crerar of Manitoba attended the January 1909 convention where the Alberta Farmers' Association merged with the Canadian Society of Equity to form the United Farmers of Alberta. Before the merger the AFA's official organ was the Homestead, and the CSE published The Great West.
At their urging, these papers were absorbed by the Grain Growers' Guide.
Partridge Plan
Partridge continued to push for reform of the terminal market.
Under pressure, the government appointed the Millar Commission, led by SGGA secretary John Millar, to investigate the system.
The commission uncovered evidence of abuse by the grain dealers, but called for better regulation rather than government intervention. Partridge became the leader in a campaign to nationalize the elevators in the grain terminals.
Early in 1908 Partridge convinced the SGGA to endorse the principle that inland grain elevators should be owned by the province and terminal elevators by the Dominion of Canada. The Manitoba association passed a resolution supporting this proposal at their convention.
Soon after being launched, the Guide published the "Partridge Plan", in which they again proposed that grain elevators should be owned by the public, a position already accepted by the SGGA.
The premiers of the three Prairie provinces all took an interest in the plan, although Alberta and Saskatchewan preferred cooperative ownership to public ownership.
The plan covered a wide range of issues and was somewhat confused, but most SGGA members were enthusiastic about it.
The plan covered grain handling, the grain blockade, farm credit and market speculation.
It identified and proposed remedies for practices by the elevator companies that included excessive dockage fees, light weights, refusing to bin special grain, replacing special binned grain with lower-quality grain and preventing farmers who had bought storage space in an elevator from dealing with non-company buyers.
All these abuses derived from the effective monopoly of the large grain handlers, and could be eliminated by the government taking over the local elevators.
Partridge saw a conflict between the dual role of the elevator companies in storing and selling grain, which would be resolved if the elevators were strictly handling and storage facilities.
They also addressed the problems of the smaller farmers by proposing to combine wagon lots of equal quality grain into car lots. The farmer would be given an advance of up to half the total value, and a share of the price received when the car lot was sold. This anticipated the practice later adopted by the Wheat Pools and Wheat Board.
Partridge also proposed that the government build increased storage facilities so that farmers were not forced to sell as soon as the harvest was over, but could wait until prices rose in the spring or summer.
The grading system unduly emphasized color and weight of the kernel rather than the milled value, and encouraged mixing at the terminal elevators. Partridge proposed to replace this by a market where buyers could make their offer based on visual inspection of the grain being sold, eliminating the need for grading and letting sellers and buyers interact directly.
The end result would also be to eliminate speculation in grain futures, with exporters buying stored grain only as needed based on samples.
The far-reaching reform proposals of the Partridge Plan thus addressed a wide range of farmer's concerns.
Other activities
In 1909 Partridge attended the annual meeting of the Dominion Grange, where the western grain grower's associations and the Farmers' Association of Ontario established the Canadian Council of Agriculture. They became interested in the idea of forming a major delegation of farmers to go to Ottawa and present their views to the government of Wilfrid Laurier, an event that became known as the "Siege of Ottawa". On 16 December 1910 from 850 to 1,000 delegates marched on the House of Commons.
They were allowed to enter the house and present their briefs.
In 1912 Partridge left the GGGC during a dispute about a speculative purchase that one of the executives had made.
They felt that Thomas Alexander Crerar, the president of the GGGC, should be forced to leave.
Partridge tried to launch another grain company, but was not successful.
On 14 June 1914 Partridge's daughter Mary drowned in a swimming accident.
During World War I (1914–18) both of their sons enlisted, and later died.
In 1916 the GGGC directors started to remit money to Partridge.
In 1919 Partridge resumed public activity when they opposed the candidacy of William Richard Motherwell, who was running for the Liberals in a federal by-election in Assiniboia.
Motherwell was a past president of the TGGA and had opposed the Partridge Plan.
In the 1921 general election Partridge was almost nominated candidate for the Progressive Party in Qu'Appelle, Saskatchewan.
The Canadian Wheat Board was dissolved in 1920.
Partridge campaigned for it to be reestablished.
They did not succeed, but their campaign led to the creation in 1926 of the Saskatchewan section of the United Farmers of Canada.
Partridge was made honorary president of the organization.
Partridge came to believe that cooperation between farmers was not enough to solve the problems of wasteful competition and the accumulation of private wealth.
In 1925 they self-published a major book, A war on poverty: the one war that can end war, in which they violently attacked capitalism and supported the poor and underpaid.
The book has many references to the Supreme Being, and reflects their profound belief in the Social Gospel.
Partridge decried government-protected capitalists such as Gordon McGregor and Wallace Campbell who continued "to prey upon that part of the poor bedevilled Canadian public who can't escape to the United States".
They were deeply influenced by John Ruskin's social ideals, and by social Darwinism and Christian socialism.
Their book calls for a co-operative commonwealth to be established in Western Canada.
It includes a section called "Coalsamao" in which they describe this future utopian state from an insider's viewpoint.
In 1925 Partridge's wife died from a heart attack. In 1926 Partridge moved to a room in a boarding house in Victoria, British Columbia to be near their youngest daughter.
With no money apart from the small, monthly $75.00 UGG stipend, in poor health, and despairing of achieving further reforms, Partridge committed suicide on 3 August 1931.
They were 69 years old.
Publications
Manifesto of the No-Party League of Western Canada (Winnipeg, 1913)
National wheat marketing (n.p., [1921?])
A war on poverty: the one war that can end war (Winnipeg, [1925]).
References
Sources
1861 births
1931 deaths
Canadian farmers
Persons of National Historic Significance (Canada)
20th-century Canadian businesspeople
1931 suicides
Suicides by gas
Suicides in British Columbia
Kumphawapi (, ) is a district (amphoe) in the southern part of Udon Thani province, northeastern Thailand.
Etymology
Kumpha is from Sanskrit 'pitcher' or 'water-pot', as reflected in the name of February, associated with the zodiac sign of Aquarius. Wapi is from Sanskrit 'pond', synonymous with หนองนํ้า, บึง.
Geography
Neighboring districts are (from the southwest clockwise): Non Sa-at, Nong Saeng, Mueang Udon Thani, Prachaksinlapakhom, Ku Kaeo and Si That of Udon Thani Province; Tha Khantho of Kalasin province and Kranuan of Khon Kaen province.
North of the central town is the shallow Nong Han Kumphawapi Lake. The lake is surrounded by marshland, one of the largest natural wetlands in northeast Thailand. The lake is drained by Lam Pao.
History
Mueang Kumphawapi was one of the four original subdivisions of Udon Thani, which were converted into amphoes during the thesaphiban administrative reforms in 1908.
Symbols
The district slogan is "Kumphawapi, city of sugar, monkey park, highland of glass Buddha station, goose wetland stream of life."
Administration
Central administration
Kumphawapi is divided into 13 sub-districts (tambons), which are further subdivided into 176 administrative villages (mubans).
Missing numbers are tambon which now form Prachak Sinlapakhom District.
Local administration
There are nine sub-district municipalities (thesaban tambons) in the district:
Kumphawapi (Thai: ) consisting of parts of sub-district Kumphawapi.
Phan Don (Thai: ) consisting of parts of sub-district Phan Don.
Huai Koeng (Thai: ) consisting of sub-district Huai Koeng.
Pa Kho (Thai: ) consisting of sub-district Pakho.
Wiang Kham (Thai: ) consisting of sub-district Wiang Kham.
Nong Wa (Thai: ) consisting of sub-district Nong Wa.
Kong Phan Phan Don (Thai: ) consisting of parts of sub-district Phan Don.
Chaelae (Thai: ) consisting of sub-district Chaelae.
Chiang Wae (Thai: ) consisting of sub-district Chiang Wae.
There are six subdistrict administrative organizations (SAO) in the district:
Tum Tai (Thai: ) consisting of sub-district Tum Tai.
Soephloe (Thai: ) consisting of sub-district Soephloe.
Si O (Thai: ) consisting of sub-district Si O.
Pha Suk (Thai: ) consisting of sub-district Pha Suk.
Tha Li (Thai: ) consisting of sub-district Tha Li.
Kumphawapi (Thai: ) consisting of parts of sub-district Kumphawapi.
References
External links
amphoe.com
Kumphawapi
Kamayevo () is a rural locality (a selo) in Urmanayevsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 136 as of 2010.
Geography
It is located 47 km from Bakaly and 8 km from Urmanayevo.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
Wolfgang Goler (died 1527) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Grosseto (1527).
Biography
On 25 February 1527, Wolfgang Goler was appointed during the papacy of Pope Clement VII as Bishop of Grosseto.
They served as Bishop of Grosseto until their death in July 1527.
References
External links and additional sources
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
16th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Bishops appointed by Pope Clement VII
Bishops of Grosseto
1527 deaths
de Havilland Marine was a division of Hawker de Havilland Australia Pty. Ltd. which is now owned by Boeing Australia and known as Boeing Aerostructures Australia.
Following the downturn of aviation manufacturing in the late 1950s, the Australian subsidiary of de Havilland looked to produce products utilizing the skills and knowledge available to the company. It found a ready market in the production of a range of small aluminium boats made using techniques similar to those employed in the aircraft industry. de Havilland Marine's designers were initially headed by Frank Bailey, the Vampire Production Engineering Manager, starting in 1959. Later designers included in 1966 naval architect Alan Payne, designer of Australia's first America's Cup (1962 America's Cup) challengers Gretel and Gretel II. de Havilland Australia built the mast and rig for Gretel.
In 1965, The Sydney Morning Herald reported the marine division had produced 15,000 craft of all types, with a projected annual production of 5,000 craft per year. By the end of the small boat production in the 1970s over 55,000 had been produced
de Havilland Marine (Large Craft) (registered company number F11799) was located on the waters edge at 5-7 Burroway Road, Homebush Bay. Due to a lack of new business it closed its doors in 1982. In the years prior it manufactured various large aluminium craft for both the local and international market. These included Carpentaria Class Patrol Boats for Burma & the Solomon Islands, Titan Work Boats for the New South Wales (NSW) government, and the hulls of the Nepean Belle which still operates on the Nepean River in NSW.
History
de Havilland Australia opened in Melbourne in March 1927 as de Havilland Aircraft Pty. Ltd. In 1930 the company moved to Bankstown (a suburb of Sydney), where it acted as an agency for the parent company, with assembly, repair and spares facilities for its range of aircraft. Aircraft design and full manufacture by de Havilland Australia (DHA) did not take place until the Second World War. Following the end of the war, the Australian company diversified into an aircraft sales agency and engineering and marine craft manufacturing. In 1960, following the takeover of the parent company de Havilland Holdings Ltd of England by the Hawker Siddeley Group, de Havilland Australia was renamed Hawker de Havilland. The company is now owned by Boeing Australia, who announced on 6 February 2009 that Hawker de Havilland would be known as Boeing Aerostructures Australia.
Marine craft
Following a report in January 1959 by Daryl Murray Jones to the New Products Committee, it was recommended that small aluminium boat production be started in time to meet the Spring selling season, starting with an 11/12-foot dinghy. A naval architect designed prototype was commissioned, following which Frank Bailey, the Vampire Production Engineering Manager, redesigned it to be easier and cheaper to make, while also making it more attractive to the anticipated market.
On 21 September 1959 the Board approved the manufacture of 50 12-foot boats, all of which had been sold by 31 December 1959. By the end of 1960, 1100 boats of four different models had been made and sold. The brand name Topper was also adopted in 1960, intended initially to demonstrate that these lightweight and strong boats were suitable for transporting on a car top.
While Frank Bailey designed the first aluminium 12-foot Tiki sailing boat and 12-foot fibreglass Vagabond, de Havilland Marine later produced three small fibreglass yachts designed by Alan Payne, following trials from 1966. These were the 10-foot Gipsy, the 16-foot Corsair and the 18-foot six-inch trailer/sailer Rambler. By 1976 with 549 made, the Corsair had become a national class, sailed in five Australian states and Papua New Guinea, with its production continuing to this day.
As part of a range of marketing activities to promote the strength and sea worthiness of the aluminium boats, Leon Simons and Bryan Dodd from de Havilland Marine took a de Havilland "Sea Topper" from Sydney to Melbourne (a distance of 700 miles), on 8 July 1965.
Ben Lexcen and Craig Whitworth of Miller and Whitworth joined with de Havilland Marine in 1964 to design, produce and market a range of aluminium yacht spars which started to replace the traditional wooden spars.
In 1960, de Havilland Marine also obtained a license to produce a power boat using a water jet propulsion system developed by Bill Hamilton, founder of C.W.F. Hamilton & Co of New Zealand. A prototype hull was equipped with a propulsion unit and was tested at Rose Bay, New South Wales.
Manufacturing process
The first stage in the manufacturing of aluminium boats was to cut out the hull skins and the other sheet metal parts such as the seats using templates under a radial arm router. Sections were then formed by a brake press and swaging, to form the gunwales and hull folds. Stiffening of sheet metal panels was by means of a 3,000 ton rubber press. Extruded gunwale, keel and strake sections of the hull were initially formed in a half-hard condition for ease of working and drop hammering, later being placed in a curing oven to bring them to full-hard condition. The skin sections were welded on wooden jigs on which the seats, gunwales, deck and extruded sections were positioned and riveted into position. The boat was then tested in a pressure tank to reveal any water leaks. The finished craft was then painted in a temperature-controlled paint shop. de Havilland also produced the polyurethane flotation material used in the boats which shaped and fitted into position. The company was noted for its use of rivets to join sections of the craft, together with the more common use of welding. In its advertisements, de Havilland Marine referred to this riveting process by the Sealomatic name.
Logo and branding
The company logo was similar to other members of the de Havilland group in that the letters D and H were superimposed on the wings of an aircraft, which in turn were overlaid onto the design of a ship's anchor. A number of logo variants were used during the marine division's existence in newspaper advertisements. During 1966, the division was styled Hawker de Havilland Marine often followed by the craft range, i.e. Feathercraft Division.
Range of craft
de Havilland Marine manufactured craft from yachts and sportboats to workboats: from the Toppercraft range, Sea Topper, Standard Topper, Topper Cub, and Topper Playboy; from the Feathercraft range, Apache, Bobcat, Comanche, Mustang, Pawnee, Sea Otter and Seminole; from the Yacht range, Corsair, Gipsy 3 m (10 ft) cat-rigged, and Vagabond; other craft include the Customs boat, Hercules, John, and Norseman.
References
Bibliography
Bain, Gordon. de Havilland: A Pictorial Tribute. London: AirLife, 1992. .
Bransom, Alan. The Tiger Moth Story, Fifth Edition. Manchester, UK: Crécy Publishing Ltd., 2005. .
Jackson, A J. de Havilland Aircraft since 1909. Putnam, 1987.
Carolan, A 50 Not Out Hawker de Havilland Limited, 9 May 1996
External links
de Havilland Aircraft Heritage Centre
History of de Havilland
1966 Sydney International Boat Show
Shipbuilding companies of Australia
Yacht building companies
Hawker Siddeley
Manufacturing companies established in 1959
Companies based in Sydney
Ernest Granger (20 April 1844 – 21 May 1914) was a French politician, a veteran of the Paris Commune of 1871, a Blanquist socialist and subsequently a Boulangist nationalist.
Early life: Blanquism under the Second Empire
Ernest Henri Granger was born in Mortagne, into a lower-middle-class family of peasant stock. They were educated at the Lycée in Versailles and studied law before breaking off their studies to devote themselves to political activism. In 1866 they were imprisoned for the first time for sedition. Around this time they became involved in the clandestine revolutionary societies organised by the followers of the incarcerated veteran insurrectionist Louis-Auguste Blanqui. Together with Gustave Tridon, Émile Eudes and others, Granger plotted the overthrow of the Second French Empire. On August 14, 1870, the Blanquists struck, attempting to seize a military arsenal and spark a general uprising; Granger was one of the organisers. The coup was premature, but not long after, Napoléon III, discredited by their conduct of the Franco-Prussian War (1870–71), was overthrown. Granger, who had avoided arrest after the August uprising, participated in the last demonstration against Napoléon III on September 1 and in the invasion of the Legislative Assembly on September 4, 1870.
The Paris Commune
In 1870–1871, Granger was a co-editor and contributor of the Blanquist journal La Patrie en Danger. They also commanded the 159th battalion of the National Guard and attempted to rally the French to resist the German army at all costs. On October 31, Granger and their battalion participated in an armed occupation of the Hôtel de Ville, Paris. Along with other National Guard commanders who had participated in the insurrection, Granger was relieved of command, but their soldiers re-elected him, and although they were not recognised by the Versailles government, they resumed command of the 159th battalion. Granger participated in the Paris Commune as one of the representatives of the Blanquist faction. They were given the task of finding and liberating Blanqui (whose location was kept secret by the government), but before they could complete the mission, the Paris Commune was suppressed.
Exile and return: Blanquist politics between socialism and nationalism
Granger escaped England, remaining in exile in London until an amnesty enabled them to return to France. In the late 1870s and 1880s they were one of the principal editors of the Blanquist journal Ni Dieu ni Maître (Neither God nor Master). (He also contributed to L'Homme Libre and, after the death of Émile Eudes in 1888, replaced them as editor-in-chief of Le Cri du Peuple.) The Blanquists launched a campaign for the release of their aged and infirm leader, and in 1879, they managed to have Blanqui elected to the National Assembly as deputy for Bordeaux. Because Blanqui was still in prison, the election was annulled, but in 1880 they were released. After their release, Blanqui came to live with Granger and died at their home in 1881.
Shortly after Blanqui's death, Granger, together with Édouard Vaillant and others, founded the Central Revolutionary Committee, the nucleus of the Blanquist party. However, the Blanquist ideology at this time was an unstable combination of radical Jacobin republicanism, egalitarian socialism, anti-clericalism, ardent national chauvinism and a strong current of xenophobia and antisemitism. While this was not an uncommon mixture in French radical politics in the late nineteenth century, the course of events made it increasingly evident that elements of this ideological mixture were in conflict with each other. One faction of the Blanquist movement accented the socialist heritage of Blanqui and moved closer to Jules Guesde's Marxist party, rejecting antisemitism and, at least in theory, endorsing the internationalist principles of socialism. This was the course of Édouard Vaillant. Another faction moved increasingly in the direction of virulent nationalism and antisemitism. This was the course Granger took. Although theirs was the smaller faction, Granger, who had been personally close to Blanqui, considered themselves the true standard bearer of Blanquism, and Vaillant a late interloper.
Boulangism and the split in Blanquism
The conflict between Vaillantists and Grangerites brewed for some time in the Central Revolutionary Committee. It was intensified by the rise of General Georges Boulanger, who, in 1886, embarked on an increasingly powerful campaign for a revision of the constitution. Republicans generally and Blanquists in particular were divided over Boulanger. Many saw them as a latter-day Louis Bonaparte, whose populist rhetoric barely concealed their caesarian ambitions. They feared that Boulanger was preparing a coup d'état and intended to replace the Republic with their personal dictatorship, and they were alarmed by their financial and political ties to Orléanist monarchists. Other republicans believed the General's protestations of fidelity to the Republic and were attracted by their rhetoric of social reform, their revanchist desire to avenge the defeat of 1871 and retrieve Alsace-Lorraine, their reforms of the army and their anti-clerical gestures. While Vaillant was hostile to Boulanger, Granger was more and more openly sympathetic to the General's campaign.
For a while, the Blanquists papered over their differences by adopting a policy of official neutrality: the quarrel between Boulangists and bourgeois republicans was a quarrel within the bourgeoisie, in which the proletariat need not take sides. But as Boulanger's campaign gathered momentum, this position became increasingly untenable. The issue came to a head in 1888, when the Blanquists split over the candidacy of Henri Rochefort. Rochefort was a veteran republican with socialist sympathies and personal ties to many Blanquists and ex-Communards, but in the 1880s they had become a supporter of Boulanger and was running as a Boulangist candidate. Granger supported him; Vaillant supported their republican opponent Susini. The breach became irreparable; Granger and their supporters left the Central Revolutionary Committee and formed the Socialist-Revolutionary Central Committee, while Vaillant's followers renamed themselves the Socialist-Revolutionary Party. Vaillant's party moved further into the socialist mainstream, merging with the Guesdists in 1901 and with the other major socialist factions in 1905 to form the unified socialist French Section of the Workers' International (SFIO) political party. Granger and their group moved further into the slipstream of nationalism and eventually became defunct.
Nationalism and antisemitism
In the late 1880s, Granger contributed to the journal L'Intransigeant. In 1889 Granger's committee entered into an electoral alliance with the Boulangists. They divided the electoral districts between them, and Granger was elected to the National Assembly for the 19th arrondissement of Paris (Seine). They served one term; in 1893 they did not stand for re-election. In the late 1890s, the Dreyfus affair further divided Granger from the mainstream of French republican socialism. The majority of French socialists followed Jean Jaurès in supporting Alfred Dreyfus, the Jewish officer falsely accused of spying for Germany, or at least maintained a policy of neutrality between the "bourgeois" Dreyfusards and anti-Dreyfusards (as Vaillant and Guesde did). However, some veteran republicans sided with those who condemned Dreyfus as a traitor. Granger was one of these. The anti-Dreyfusard campaign became increasingly openly antisemitic. Granger proclaimed himself, 'like Blanqui and Tridon, ... philosophically an antisemite' and professed their sympathy for Édouard Drumont, themselves a former socialist who had migrated to the extreme nationalist right of the spectrum and was the chief apostle of antisemitism in France. Mainstream socialists saw in the anti-Dreyfus campaign an assault on the Republic and noted the anti-Dreyfusards' ties to royalist politicians; the Dreyfus Affair helped cement the socialists' official opposition to antisemitism and racism. By contrast, the Dreyfus Affair propelled Granger and a handful of others like them fully out of the mainstream of French socialism and republicanism and into currents which paved the way for French fascism in the twentieth century.
Granger did not live to witness the event which led to an eruption of nationalism in France and across Europe, torpedoing the official internationalism and anti-militarism of the Second International and dividing the mainstream socialist movement: the outbreak of the First World War in August 1914.
Further reading
Biographies des Deputés de l'Assemblée Nationale, 1889-1940. Online at: http://www.assemblee-nationale.fr/histoire/biographies/1889-1940/Lettre_G/Pages%20de%20G_2.pdf
Hutton, P.H., The Cult of the Revolutionary Tradition: The Blanquists in French Politics, 1864-1893. Berkeley, 1981.
Mazgaj, P., 'The Origins of the French Radical Right: A Historiographic Essay.' French Historical Studies 1987.
E. Granger Papers, ca. 1865-1895. Held at the International Institute of Social History, Amsterdam.
Notes
1844 births
1914 deaths
French socialists
French politicians
Antidreyfusards
Communards
John Hales (died 1 January 1608) was the owner of the Whitefriars in Coventry at which two of the Marprelate tracts were printed on a secret press. They were the nephew and heir of John Hales, Clerk of the Hanaper, and the nephew of Sir Thomas Lucy of Charlecote.
Family
John Hales was the son of Christopher Hales of Coventry and Mary Lucy, the daughter of William Lucy, esquire, and Anne Fermor, and sister of Sir Thomas Lucy of Charlecote, Warwickshire.
Career
Little is known of Hales's early life. In 1589, at the request of their great-uncle Sir Richard Knightley of Fawsley, they allowed the press on which the Marprelate tracts were being printed secretly to be brought to their house at the Whitefriars in Coventry by Knightley's servant Stephen Gyfford. The first of the tracts, Martin Marprelate's Epistle, had been printed at the home of Elizabeth Hussey in East Molesey. The second tract, The Epitome, had been printed at Sir Richard Knightley's house at Fawsley. At the time, Knightley was married to their second wife, Elizabeth Seymour, a daughter of Edward Seymour, 1st Duke of Somerset, and a cousin of King Edward VI. Two of the Marprelate tracts, Certain Mineral and Metaphysical Schoolpoints and Hay Any Work for Cooper, as well as John Penry's A View, were printed at the Whitefriars by Robert Waldegrave. The secret press was then moved to Sir Roger Wigston's house of Wolston Priory.
Henry Sharpe, who had bound the printed copies of the Marprelate tracts, later gave evidence implicating Hales, Knightley, and the Wigstons, and a special commission appointed on 16 November 1589 by the Privy Council ordered their interrogation, having concluded that:
Sir Richard Knightley, Roger Wigston and John Hales have been acquainted with the printing and publishing of the said books, and have been favourers and abetters of the said Martin Marprelate in their disordered proceedings.
In November 1589 Hales, Elizabeth Hussey, Sir Richard Knightley, and Sir Roger Wigston and their wife were arrested and imprisoned in the Fleet. However, their interrogation failed to elicit the identity of Martin Marprelate, which appears to have been unknown to those who harboured the secret press.
On 13 February 1590 Hales, Knightley, and the Wigstons were arraigned in the Star Chamber. At trial, Knightley admitted to having written to Hale requesting that they provide room for the secret press at Coventry. Despite their plea for the Queen's forgiveness, Knightley was fined £2000, and it was ordered that they be imprisoned at the Queen's pleasure. Hales denied all knowledge of the nature of the books printed on the secret press, and protested, in excuse of their actions, that:
They had great reason, as they thought, to gratify Sir Richard Knightley in anything, to whom they owed much reverence, as they that had married their aunt'.
Hales was fined 1000 marks, and, like Knightley, was ordered to be committed to prison.
Sir Roger Wigston was fined 500 marks, with a similar order for their imprisonment. Their wife, who took upon themselves the blame for persuading their husband to allow the printing of the tracts at their house, was fined £1000 and similarly imprisoned at the Queen's pleasure.
The latter part of Hales's life appears to have been uneventful. They left a will dated 30 August 1607 in which they named a son, John, and three daughters, Mary, Jane, and Bethany.
Marriages and issue
Hales married firstly, by settlement dated 18 September 1586, Frideswide Faunt, the daughter of William Faunt, esquire, of Foston, Leicestershire, and their second wife, Jane Vincent (d. 1585). They were the widow of Roger Cotton, esquire.
They married secondly a wife named Avis, who survived him.
Notes
References
External links
Hales, John (d.1572), History of Parliament Retrieved 21 May 2013
Will of John Hales of London, proved 5 February 1573, PROB 11/55/54, National Archives Retrieved 21 May 2013
Lewis, John D., The Marprelate Tracts 1588–1589 Retrieved 21 May 2013
1608 deaths
Year of birth unknown
16th-century English people
Boa Entrada is a settlement in the central part of the island of Santiago, Cape Verde. In 2010 its population was 1,119. It is situated 2 km north of Assomada city centre. The area is intensively cultivated, especially with sugarcane and mango trees.
Kapok tree
There is a very large kapok tree near the village of Boa Entrada, standing at the bottom of a valley, 400 m above sea level. It is the largest tree on Santiago and, probably, in the whole of the Republic of Cape Verde. The kapok tree is about 25 m high and was identified as an Important Bird Area (IBA) by BirdLife International because it supports a colony of purple herons.
References
External links
A photo from Boa Entrada
Villages and settlements in Santiago, Cape Verde
Santa Catarina, Cape Verde
Important Bird Areas of Cape Verde
Edward Hawksford (7 November 1931 – 1985) was an English professional footballer who played in the Football League for Mansfield Town.
References
1931 births
1985 deaths
English footballers
Association football forwards
English Football League players
Mansfield Town F.C. players
Glassford (; locally known as The Glesart ) is a small village located south of Hamilton, and north-east of Strathaven, in South Lanarkshire, Scotland. It has a population of roughly 500–600 people. Features include the 19th-century Parish Church, and the remains of the 17th-century church, both of which are category B listed buildings. The Avon Water offers fishing and walks. Local businesses include the Glassford Inn and the Fortune Dragon Chinese restaurant. the village is also famous for the annual Beer and gin Festival held on the last saturday in March, The local No.13 or No 256 bus service comes through the village once every hour.
People from Glassford
Rev James Struthers
Peter Wedderburn, Lord Chesterhall
References
External links
Glassford Parish Church
Glassford Primary
Villages in South Lanarkshire
These are the official results of the Men's 110 metres Hurdles event at the 1987 IAAF World Championships in Rome, Italy. There were a total number of 39 participating athletes, with five qualifying heats, two semi-finals and the final held on Thursday September 3, 1987.
Medalists
Records
Existing records at the start of the event.
Final
Semi-Finals
Held on Tuesday 1987-09-01
Qualifying heats
Held on Tuesday 1987-09-01
See also
1983 Men's World Championships 110m Hurdles (Helsinki)
1984 Men's Olympic 110m Hurdles (Los Angeles)
1986 Men's European Championships 110m Hurdles (Stuttgart)
1988 Men's Olympic 110m Hurdles (Seoul)
1991 Men's World Championships 110m Hurdles (Tokyo)
References
Results
H
Sprint hurdles at the World Athletics Championships
Statistics of Latvian Higher League in the 1954 season.
Overview
It was contested by 10 teams, and Sarkanais Metalurgs won the championship.
League standings
References
RSSSF
Latvian SSR Higher League
Football
Latvia
Rosebank is a neighborhood in north Baltimore, Maryland.
References
Neighborhoods in Baltimore
Runcorn Docks, originally the Bridgewater Docks, is an inland port on the Manchester Ship Canal in the town of Runcorn, Cheshire, England. It is operated by Peel Ports and handles bulk and project cargo.
History
Early development
It is possible that a small Roman port existed on the River Mersey at Runcorn. But the development of a port of any significance did not start until the Bridgewater Canal was extended to Runcorn in 1776. A line of ten locks was built from 1771-1773 to connect the Runcorn basin of the canal at 21.3m AOD with the River Mersey at 3.7m AOD. Close to this point, the Duke of Bridgewater built Bridgewater House from which to supervise the work. To the west of this area they built a dock ('Old Dock'), which opened in 1791. By 1825, a second flight of locks was constructed to deal with the volume of traffic. Together, this complex was known as the Bridgewater Docks.
Two further docks were developed on neighbouring Runcorn waterways: Weston Point Docks on the Weston Canal in 1810, and Old Quay Docks on the Runcorn to Latchford Canal in 1826. Thus the port of Runcorn comprised three separate companies: the Bridgewater Trustees, the Mersey and Irwell Company, and the Weaver Trustees.
In the early years of the 19th century, the amount of cargo passing through the docks steadily increased. From 1816 to 1834, the Bridgewater Dock increased its trade from 76,000 tons to 118,000 tons, and the Mersey and Irwell from 90,000 tons to 135,000 tons. To cope with this increased business, the Bridgewater Trustees built a new dock, Francis Dock, which opened in 1843. In 1844, the Mersey and Irwell Company was purchased by the Trustees of the Bridgewater Canal.
Independent customs port
Throughout this time, the port of Runcorn was part of the Port of Liverpool. The growing importance of Runcorn was recognised on 5 April 1847 when it was designated as an independent customs port. Its boundary extended on both sides of the Mersey, from Warrington Bridge in the east to a point on a line stretching from Eastham church in Cheshire to Chapel Farm House in Lancashire. It included the waters of the River Weaver up to Frodsham Bridge. On the north bank of the Mersey, it included Widnes Dock; the world's first purpose-built railway dock. A new customs house was built to mark the event.
Runcorn's status as an independent customs port was not a success. Few large ships were registered in the port or transferred from the Liverpool register, and on 12 April 1850 it returned to the Port of Liverpool. However, the port's prospects improved with the abolition of the Navigation Acts (which had restricted the use of foreign shipping) in 1849, and an increasing number of foreign vessels began to arrive at the docks. Trade increased so much that the Bridgewater Trustees were having difficulty in coping with the increased trade. In 1853, an act promoted by the Earl of Ellesmere led to the construction of a short canal, the Runcorn and Weston Canal, which connected the Bridgewater Docks to the Weston Canal and Weston Point Docks. This opened for traffic on 25 February 1860. In the same year, the Bridgewater Trustees opened Alfred Dock, which was fitted with hydraulic cranes. At this time, the Runcorn docks were coming under increasing competition from the railways, especially from the St Helens Canal and Railway Company which opened Garston Dock downstream on the north bank of the Mersey.
Runcorn was appointed again as an independent customs port on 1 January 1862. In 1862, a telegraph line was installed which linked the dock with the Bridgewater Trustees' offices in Manchester and their dock in Liverpool. From around this time, there was a considerable increase in trade. In April of that year, over 110 vessels entered the port, which was more than could be conveniently accommodated. In order to deal with the increased trade, the Bridgewater Trustees began to build a new dock in 1867 and to remove obstructions from the river. It was named Arnold Dock and opened in 1870. Before the repeal of the Navigation Acts, most of the trade had been coastal, with virtually no foreign trade in 1845. Whereas in 1871, the export trade amounted to 43,000 tons and the imports more than 30,000. The Mersey and Irwell docks were not as successful as there were no major dock improvements after 1829 and the approach channels silted up. On the north bank of the Mersey, West Bank Dock at Widnes was busy especially with importing raw materials and exporting chemicals and fertilisers. The other major materials passing through the port were raw cotton, potter's clay, salt, coal and soap.
During the 1870s, the business of the port was beginning to decline because of the progressive silting of the shipping channels. When the Duke of Bridgewater died in 1803, they left their coal mining and canal businesses to be run by a Trust. In 1872, the navigation part of the trust was sold to the Bridgewater Navigation Company at a cost of £1,115,000. This consisted of the Bridgewater Canal and the Mersey and Irwell Navigations, together with their docks and warehouses. The company developed further improvements including a new dock, the Fenton Dock (named after the chairperson of the company), which was completed in 1875 at a cost of £50,000. This was equipped with hydraulic cranes and served by high level tramways and railway sidings. Meanwhile, the Weaver Trustees were developing their trade, having built the Delamere Dock in 1870. The engineer for this dock was Edward Leader Williams who later became the engineer for the Manchester Ship Canal. There were no further large scale developments at the port until the Tollemache Dock was opened at Weston Point in 1885.
Coming of the Manchester Ship Canal
From about 1877, the silting of the channels started to improve and trade improved again. The improvement continued until 1889 when the construction of the Manchester Ship Canal caused problems. Trade declined again, and in 1894 the independent customs Port of Runcorn was abolished and incorporated into the Port of Manchester. Construction of the ship canal began in November 1877. On 3 August 1887, the Manchester Ship Canal Company purchased the Bridgewater Navigation Company for £1,710,000, thus acquiring the Bridgewater Canal and its docks and the Mersey and Irwell system. The ship canal allowed large ocean-going ships to access the Port of Runcorn. The canal was completed from Eastham to Weston Point by 1892, and in July of that year a temporary port called Saltport was established at the mouth of the River Weaver. By 1893, the ship canal was opened as far as the Old Quay Dock. In order to allow direct access to the Port of Runcorn and the Weaver Navigation, four locks were built. Weston Marsh lock at the mouth of the Weaver allowed access to the Weaver Navigation; Weston Mersey lock enabled entrance to the Weaver Docks; the Bridgewater docks were served by the Bridgewater lock; and the Old Quay dock by the Runcorn Old Quay lock. The ship canal was opened throughout its length in 1894. Saltport was bypassed and a few years later it was dismantled. To the east of the Bridgewater Dock, the ship canal passes under Runcorn Railway Bridge which has a clearance of above the high watermark of the Mersey. This meant that the largest of the tall ships could not pass under the bridge. A lay-by was therefore built for these ships to discharge their cargo, which was carried onwards by a lighter to its destination. The lay-by was big enough to accommodate the largest merchant vessels of the day. While the larger vessels approached the Runcorn docks by way of the ship canal, the smaller vessels sailed up the Mersey and entered the docks through the locks.
Decline and recovery
From the opening of the ship canal there was a temporary improvement in trade for the Runcorn docks but a decline set in from the turn of the century. There was a short revival after the First World War but this was not maintained. Improvements were made to Bridgewater Docks in 1935 but by 1950 the docks were "virtually moribund". Trade at Runcorn Docks declined from 124,428 tons in 1925 to 32,881 tons in 1951, and at Weston Point Docks from 200,000 tons in 1938 to 40,000 tons in 1954. The old line of locks from the Bridgewater Canal was disused by the late 1930s. They were closed and filled in under the Ship Canal Act 1949. The Ship Canal Act of 1966 allowed the closure of the new line of locks, the old dock area and the Francis and Arnold Docks. The former Tidal Basin of the Bridgewater Docks assumed the name Francis Dock after the latter was filled in. The Runcorn and Weston Canal was filled in to provide additional quay space for modern docks and the old warehouses were demolished.
With the construction of the Silver Jubilee Bridge in 1961, communications to the docks were improved and trade began to recover. The dock entrance to the ship canal was widened and the docks deepened. Trade increased from 50,000 tons in 1957 to 773,000 tons in 1973. In the month of December 2014, the Docks saw 50,126 tons of cargo in trade, the highest monthly tonnage recorded in the last quarter of a century.
Present day
Runcorn Docks is owned by the Manchester Ship Canal Company which is part of the Peel Ports Group. It comprises Francis Dock (formerly the Tidal Basin, now berths No. 1-2), Alfred Dock (berths No. 3-5), and Fenton Dock (berths No. 6-9). It can take ships with cargoes up to 5000 tonnes with a maximum length of 350 feet (107m) and maximum draught of 7 metres. The adjacent canal lay-by has a deepwater berth of 168m. It has pipelines handling chemical and other liquid cargoes connecting to adjacent storage facilities and to the Ineos Chlor network.
See also
Weston Point Docks
References
Citations
Sources
External links
The Manchester Ship Canal Company
Photograph of Bridgewater Dock in 1889
The Origins of Runcorn Docks
Growth of Runcorn Docks
Runcorn Dock expansion
Runcorn and the Manchester Ship Canal
Runcorn Docks - Weston Point
Widnes Dock
Frodsham and the River Weaver
Runcorn
Runcorn
Runcorn
Peel Ports
1791 establishments in England
William Walker (May 6, 1809 – September 24, 1875) was an American Baptist song leader, shape note "singing master", and compiler of four shape note tunebooks, most notable of which are the influential The Southern Harmony and The Christian Harmony, which has been in continuous use (republished 2010).
Life
Walker was born in Martin's Mills (near Cross Keys), South Carolina, and grew up near Spartanburg. From an early age they became deeply involved in music and became a song leader in the Baptist church. To distinguish them from other William Walkers in Spartanburg, they were nicknamed Singing Billy.
They married Amy Golightly in 1832 and they lived in Spartanburg. Them sister Thurza had married Benjamin Franklin White in 1825; while it is clear that there was strife between the two brothers-in-law, there is no evidence for the claim, sometimes heard among Sacred Harp singers, that B.F. White helped Walker compile the Southern Harmony, only to be cheated of authorship rights when it was finally published. In 1842 the Whites moved from Spartanburg District, SC to Harris County, Georgia, and in 1844 B. F. White, in concert with Elisha J. King published The Sacred Harp.
Walker died in Spartanburg in 1875. Walker is buried in Magnolia Cemetery, Spartanburg, Spartanburg County, South Carolina.
Tunebooks
Walker learned shape note music in singing schools; it had been used by Baptist and Methodist preachers in the Second Great Awakening to help spread Christianity in the South. Because the music could be read and sung by amateurs, hymns in shape note annotation became the centerpiece of many revivals and camp meetings on the frontier. Walker composed their first piece of music at the age of 18.
In 1835, Walker published a tunebook entitled The Southern Harmony, a compilation of hymns using the four-shape shape note system of notation. This collection was revised in 1840, 1847 and 1854. In 1846 they issued The Southern and Western Pocket Harmonist. Intended as an appendix to the Southern Harmony, the Pocket Harmonist contains numerous camp-meeting songs and their with refrains.
After the Civil War, Walker published a tunebook entitled The Christian Harmony (1867), in which they adopted a seven-shape notation. They incorporated over half of the contents of The Southern Harmony into the Christian Harmony, adding alto parts to those pieces which had lacked them. For the additional three shapes, Walker devised their own system - an inverted key-stone for "do", a quarter-moon for "re", and an isosceles triangle for "si" (or "ti"). Walker issued an expanded edition of Christian Harmony in 1873. In the same year, they published a collection of Sunday school songs entitled Fruits and Flowers.
As composer
Walker is listed as the composer of many of the tunes in The Southern Harmony. But, they acknowledged that in many cases, they borrowed their tunes, probably from the living tradition of folk music that surrounded him. Glenn C. Wilcox (references below) describes the process as follows, quoting from Walker's own introduction:
In working from original tune to finished hymn, Walker borrowed lyrics from established poets such as Charles Wesley (a common practice in their tradition), who had set many of their works to music earlier. Walker added treble (upper) part and bass parts, to create three-part harmony.
Legacy
Two of Walker's tunebooks remain in print. Facsimiles of their Southern Harmony (1854 edition) continue in use at an annual singing in Benton, Kentucky. Until 2010, Walker's Christian Harmony existed in two editions: a facsimile reprint of the 1873 edition, and a revision by O.A. Parris and John Deason first published in 1958, employing the more familiar note-shapes of Jesse B. Aikin.
In 2010, a combined version of the Christian Harmony, known as the Georgia Christian Harmony or the Christian Harmony 2010, was published, using Aikin's shape-note system. The Christian Harmony 2010 incorporated the entire contents of both the 1873 edition and the 1958 Deason-Parris edition, plus a number of new songs.
Walker's compositions and arrangements are widely sung today by Sacred Harp singers as well as others. Their work is represented by 13 songs in the current 1991 "Denson" edition of The Sacred Harp, and by 12 in the "Cooper" edition. According to the collated minutes kept by the Sacred Harp Musical Heritage Association, their song "Hallelujah" is sung more frequently at Sacred Harp conventions than is any other. The Walker songs are generally sung in four-part versions, with alto parts that were added by early 20th-century composers.
Representation in other media
Charles Faulkner Bryan composed the music of folk opera Singin' Billy (1952), base on a libretto by Donald Davidson and featuring Walker as the main figure. The opera incorporates five hymns from Southern Harmony.
Donald Grantham incorporated several tunes from Walker's Southern Harmony in their 1998 Southern Harmony, a work for wind band.
The first Christian Harmony All-Day Singing in Europe took place on Sunday, 27 October 2013 at St Mary's Church in Primrose Hill, London. The event was hosted by the Sacred Harp Singers of London, who regularly sing from Walker's Christian Harmony (2010). In attendance were Sacred Harp singers from the UK & Ireland, Europe, and the US.
Notes
References
Harry Eskew, "William Walker's Southern Harmony: Its Basic Editions." Latin American Music Review 7 (1986):137-48.
White Spirituals in the Southern Uplands, by George Pullen Jackson
A Checklist of Four-Shape Shape-Note Tunebooks, by Richard J. Stanislaw
Wilcox, Glen, eds. (1987) The Southern Harmony and Musical Companion by William Walker; facsimile edition with editor's introduction. Lexington: University Press of Kentucky.
Further reading
Eskew, Harry. "A Bicentennial Tribute to William Walker." Choral Journal. August 2009. Vol. 50 Issue 1. pages 55–58. Accessible on EBSCOHost
External links
Southern Harmony online edition
1809 births
1875 deaths
American male composers
American Christian hymnwriters
Hymnal editors
American music publishers (people)
Burials in South Carolina
People from Union County, South Carolina
Sacred Harp
Shape note
Southern Baptists
19th-century Baptists
Musicians from Spartanburg, South Carolina
19th-century American composers
Songwriters from South Carolina
19th-century American male musicians
19th-century American businesspeople
American male songwriters
Douglas Edward Lee (born October 24, 1964) is a retired American professional basketball player.
A 6'5" (1.96 m) guard-forward from Texas A&M University and Purdue University, Lee was selected by the Houston Rockets in the 2nd round (35th overall) of the 1987 NBA Draft, going on to play in three National Basketball Association (NBA) seasons for New Jersey Nets (1991–93) and Sacramento Kings (1994–95).
In their NBA career, Lee played in 73 games, played 415 minutes, and scored a total of 168 points.
External links
NBA stats at www.databasebasketball.com
Peoria Sports Hall of Fame Inductee profile
1964 births
Living people
Albany Patroons players
American expatriate basketball people in Croatia
American expatriate basketball people in Israel
American expatriate basketball people in Italy
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Illinois
Basket Rimini Crabs players
Grand Rapids Hoops players
Hapoel Tel Aviv B.C. players
Houston Rockets draft picks
Israeli Basketball Premier League players
KK Cibona players
La Crosse Bobcats players
Las Vegas Silver Bandits players
New Jersey Nets players
People from Washington, Illinois
Purdue Boilermakers men's basketball players
Rockford Lightning players
Sacramento Kings players
Shooting guards
Small forwards
Texas A&M Aggies men's basketball players
Guy Chevalier (born May 25, 1938 in Les Herbiers) is a French clergyman and bishop for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Taiohae. They were appointed bishop in 1985. They retired in 2015.
See also
Catholic Church in France
References
1938 births
French Roman Catholic bishops
Roman Catholic bishops of Taiohae
Living people
University of Strasbourg alumni
The 2014 Bethune–Cookman Wildcats football team represented Bethune-Cookman University in the 2014 NCAA Division I FCS football season. They were led by fifth-year head coach Brian Jenkins and played their home games at Municipal Stadium. They were a member of the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference (MEAC. They finished the season 9–3, 6–2 in MEAC play to finish in a five-way tie for the MEAC championship. However, they did not earn the conference's automatic bid to the FCS Playoffs and did not receive an at-large bid.
On December 16, Jenkins resigned to take the head coaching position at Alabama State. They finished at Bethune-Cookman with a five year record of 46–14.
Schedule
Source: Schedule
Ranking movements
References
Bethune-Cookman
Bethune–Cookman Wildcats football seasons
Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference football champion seasons
Imma flavibasa is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Frederic Moore in 1888. It is found in India (the eastern Himalayas, Assam).
The basal half of the forewings is deep yellow, the outer half brownish ferruginous, brightest in its middle. The hindwings and abdomen are dark brown.
References
Moths described in 1888
Immidae
Moths of Asia
Cesse Aqueduct () is one of several aqueducts, or water bridge, created for the Canal du Midi. Originally, the canal crossed the Cesse on the level. Pierre-Paul Riquet, the original architect of the canal, had placed a curved dam long and high across the Cesse in order to collect water to make the crossing possible; the aqueduct replaced this dam.
The Cesse Aqueduct was designed in 1686 by Marshal Sebastien Vauban and completed in 1690 by Antoine Niquet. Master mason was John Gaudot. It has three spans, the middle being and the side being each. It is located in Mirepeisset, Aude (11), Languedoc-Roussillon, France, about one mile from the port town of Le Somail.
Cesse Aqueduct dans le cinéma
In 1967, a scene from "Le Petit Baigneur" directed by Robert Dhéry, with Louis de Funès, was filmed a Cesse Aqueduct.
See also
Locks on the Canal du Midi
References
External links
Eastern Approach
Aqueducts on Canal du Midi
Morris Jennings was an American drummer and musician from Chicago. They recorded as Moe Jennings, M. Jennings, Maurice Jennings, Morris "Gator" Jennings, and Morris Jennings Jr.
Jennings is best known for having played drums on the Electric Mud album by Muddy Waters, the 1969 album The Howlin' Wolf Album by Howlin' Wolf, and the 1972 Curtis Mayfield album Super Fly. Their work at Chess Records includes "California Soul" by Marlena Shaw, which includes an unusual two-bar break early in the song.
Jennings died at their South Side Chicago home of natural causes at age 77 on June 3, 2016.
Discography
With Roy Buchanan
When a Guitar Plays the Blues (Alligator, 1985)
Dancing On the Edge (Alligator, 1986)
Hot Wires (Alligator, 1987)
With Terry Callier
What Color Is Love (Cadet, 1972)
I Just Can't Help Myself (Cadet, 1973)
Fire On Ice (Elektra, 1978)
TimePeace (Talkin' Loud 1998)
Lifetime (Blue Thumb, 1999)
Lookin' Out (Columbia, 2004)
With Tyrone Davis
Can't You Tell It's Me (Columbia, 1979)
I Just Can't Keep On Going (Columbia, 1980)
Tyrone Davis (Highrise 1982)
Sexy Thing (Future, 1985)
Flashin' Back (Future, 1988)
For the Good Times (Life 1994)
In the Mood with Tyrone Davis (Big Break, 2013)
Love and Touch (Solid/Funkytowngrooves, 2015)
Everything in Place (Solid/Funkytowngrooves, 2017)
With The Dells
Freedom Means... (Cadet, 1971)
The Dells Sing Dionne Warwicke's Greatest Hits (Cadet, 1972)
Whatever Turns You On (20th Century Fox, 1981)
I Touched a Dream (20th Century Fox, 1980)
With Woody Herman
Light My Fire (Cadet, 1969)
Heavy Exposure (Cadet, 1969)
With Ramsey Lewis
I Changes (Cadet, 1970)
Back to the Roots (Cadet, 1971)
Upendo Ni Pamoja (Columbia, 1972)
Ramsey Lewis' Newly Recorded All-Time Non-Stop Golden Hits (Columbia, 1973)
Funky Serenity (Columbia, 1973)
Solar Wind (Columbia, 1974)
Sun Goddess (Columbia, 1974)
Doesn't It Feel Good (Columbia, 1975)
Ramsey (Columbia, 1979)
Three Piece Suite (Columbia, 1981)
Chance Encounter (Columbia, 1982)
Les Fleurs (Columbia, 1983)
With Curtis Mayfield
Super Fly (RCA, 1972)
Honesty (Boardwalk, 1982)
We Come in Peace with a Message of Love (CRC, 1985)
With others
Inez Andrews, If Jesus Came to Your Town Today (Ichiban, 1988)
Ben Branch, The Last Request (Chess, 1968)
Odell Brown, Free Delivery (Cadet, 1970)
Oscar Brown Jr., Fresh (Atlantic, 1974)
Milton Brunson, To All Generations (Creed, 1979)
Peabo Bryson, Reaching for the Sky (Capitol, 1977)
Jerry Butler, The Sagittarius Movement (Mercury, 1971)
Champaign, How 'Bout Us (Columbia, 1981)
The Chi-Lites, Me and You (20th Century Fox, 1981)
Otis Clay, The Only Way Is Up (Blues R&B 1985)
Linda Clifford, I'll Keep On Loving You (Capitol, 1982)
Albert Collins, Cold Snap (Sonet, 1986)
Jessy Dixon, You Bring the Sun Out (Light 1979)
Charles Earland, Earland's Jam (Columbia, 1982)
Cleveland Eaton, Half and Half (Gamble, 1973)
Cleveland Eaton, Plenty Good Eaton (Black Jazz, 1975)
Eddie Harris, I'm Tired of Driving (RCA Victor, 1978)
Donny Hathaway, Everything Is Everything (ATCO, 1970)
Donny Hathaway, Donny Hathaway (ATCO, 1971)
Loleatta Holloway, Loleatta Holloway (Gold Mind, 1979)
Howlin' Wolf, The Howlin' Wolf Album (Cadet, 1969)
Melvin Jackson, Funky Skull (Limelight, 1969)
Syl Johnson, Back in the Game (Delmark, 1994)
Syl Johnson, Bridge to Legacy (Antone's 1998)
John Klemmer, Blowin' Gold (Cadet, 1969)
John Klemmer, Magic Moments (Chess, 1976)
The Manhattans, Black Tie (CBS, 1981)
The Manhattans, Forever by Your Side (Columbia, 1983)
Brother Jack McDuff, The Natural Thing (Cadet, 1968)
Brother Jack McDuff, Gin and Orange (Cadet, 1969)
Barry Melton, Bright Sun Is Shining (Vanguard, 1970)
Gatemouth Moore, After Twenty-One Years (BluesWay, 1973)
Plush, Fed After Hours (P-Vine, 2002)
Eugene Record, Trying to Get to You (Warner Bros., 1978)
Buddy Rich, Speak No Evil (RCA Victor, 1976)
Rockie Robbins, Rockie Robbins (A&M, 1979)
Rotary Connection, The Rotary Connection (Chess, 1967)
Sonny Stitt, Soul Girl (Paula 1973)
Phil Upchurch, Upchurch (Cadet, 1969)
Phil Upchurch, The Way I Feel
Muddy Waters, Electric Mud (Cadet, 1968)
Muddy Waters, After the Rain (Cadet, 1969)
Katie Webster, No Foolin'! (Alligator, 1991)
Marvin Yancy, Heavy Load (P.S., 1987)
References
American jazz drummers
2016 deaths
Musicians from Chicago
Jazz musicians from Illinois
Thomas Maddock's Sons Company was founded by Thomas Maddock.
History
The firm was originally named 'Millington & Asthury, before Maddock joined it in 1872. It was subsequently renamed 'Millington, Astbury & Maddock the next year. When Millington left, it became Asthury & Maddock, before assuming the name Thomas Maddock & Sons upon the departure of Asthury. The plant is in Hamilton Township, New Jersey. It was built in 1924-25 and manufactured sanitary ware.
Later it was purchased by American Standard in 1929 and production continued until 2002. The site lies adjacent to the Hamilton Train Station on the Northeast Corridor Line. It has been redeveloped as offices and is the centerpiece of transit-oriented development around the station.
The building's original address was 240 Princeton Avenue but now lies on American Metro Boulevard.
See also
Thomas Maddock
National Register of Historic Places listings in Mercer County, New Jersey
References
Bibliography
Industrial buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in New Jersey
Hamilton Township, Mercer County, New Jersey
National Register of Historic Places in Mercer County, New Jersey
New Jersey Register of Historic Places
Toilets
Capell Lane Weems (July 7, 1860 – January 5, 1913) was an American lawyer and politician who served three terms as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1903 to 1909.
Biography
Born in Whigville, Ohio, Weems attended the common schools and normal academy, Caldwell, Ohio. They studied law, was admitted to the bar in 1883 and commenced practice in Caldwell.
Weems was elected prosecuting attorney of Noble County in 1884. They served as member of the Ohio House of Representatives in 1888 and 1889. They moved to St. Clairsville, Ohio, in 1890 and served as prosecuting attorney of Belmont County 1890-1896.
Weems was elected as a Republican to the Fifty-eighth Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Joseph J. Gill. They were reelected to the Fifty-ninth and Sixtieth Congresses and served from November 3, 1903, to March 3, 1909. They resumed the practice of law and was solicitor for the Pennsylvania Railroad.
They died in Steubenville, Ohio, January 5, 1913. They were interred in Union Cemetery, St. Clairsville, Ohio.
Weems married Mary B. Nay of West Virginia on November 6, 1883. They had children named Chester N., Milton M., and Lillian A.
References
1860 births
1913 deaths
People from Noble County, Ohio
People from St. Clairsville, Ohio
Ohio lawyers
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
County district attorneys in Ohio
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Events in the year 1123 in Norway.
Incumbents
Monarchs – Eystein I Magnusson, Sigurd the Crusader (co-rulers)
Events
Kalmare ledung, a Crusade led by King Sigurd to Christianize the Swedish provinces of Småland and Öland.
Arts and literature
Births
Deaths
29 August – Eystein I Magnusson, King of Norway 1102–1123 (born c. 1088).
References
Norway
The S2 8.0 C is an American trailerable sailboat that was designed by Arthur Edmunds as a cruiser and first built in 1975. The number designation indicates the approximate length overall in meters and the "C" indicates "center cockpit".
The S2 8.0 A, S2 8.0 B and the 8.0 C all share the same hull design, with different deck configurations and interior arrangements used.
Production
The design was built by S2 Yachts in Holland, Michigan, United States, starting in 1975, with 210 boats completed, but it is now out of production.
Design
The S2 8.0 C is a recreational keelboat, built predominantly of fiberglass, with wood trim. It has a masthead sloop rig, a raked stem, a slightly angled transom, an internally mounted spade-type rudder controlled by a wheel and a fixed fin keel or shoal draft keel. It has a center cockpit, displaces and carries of ballast.
The boat has a draft of with the standard keel and with the optional shoal draft keel. The boat is fitted with an inboard engine for docking and maneuvering.
The design has sleeping accommodation for four people, with a dinette table and benches in the bow that converts into a double "V"-berth and an aft cabin with a double berth. The galley is located on the port side just forward of the companionway ladder. The galley is equipped with a two-burner stove, an ice box and a sink. A navigation station is opposite the galley, under the cockpit. The head is located on the starboard side amidships.
For sailing the design may be equipped with a number of jibs or genoas.
The design has a hull speed of .
See also
List of sailing boat types
References
Keelboats
1970s sailboat type designs
Sailing yachts
Trailer sailers
Sailboat type designs by Arthur Edmunds
Sailboat types built by S2 Yachts
Chiaromonte is a town and comune in the province of Potenza, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata. Under the pseudonym "Montegrano", it was the case study for Edward C. Banfield's The Moral Basis of a Backward Society.
References
Cities and towns in Basilicata
Paweł Niewrzawa (born 28 September 1992) is a Polish handball player for the Polish national team.  They are currently a free agent.
They participated at the 2017 World Men's Handball Championship.
References
1992 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Gdańsk
Polish male handball players
Vive Kielce players
Expatriate handball players
Polish expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Liga ASOBAL players
Looking for X is a children's novel written for ages 9–12 by Deborah Ellis. This book is about an eleven-year-old girl named Khyber that lives in a poorer area, Regent Park, in Toronto, Ontario. They live there with their mother and their twin brothers who are both autistic. One day Khyber shows up at school and is accused of breaking the windows of their teacher's classroom. When they are expelled they set off in the middle of the night to find their friend X, a homeless woman who lives in the park across the street from their house.  They are the only one that can clear Khyber's name. They spend all night wandering the streets in search of X and has the adventure of a lifetime.
Awards
Governor General's Literary Awards Winner 2000 Children's Literature (Text) Canada
Runner-up in the Groundwood Twentieth Anniversary First Novel for Children Contest
References
1999 Canadian novels
Canadian children's novels
Novels set in Toronto
1999 children's books
Governor General's Award-winning novels
Matthew de Lacey Davidson (born 1964) is a Canadian composer of concert, orchestral and chamber music who currently resides in Nova Scotia, Canada. Studying in many countries, and integrating the works of numerous cultures into their work, Davidson's work reflects multi-cultural influences. They have studied in Canada, the United States and New Zealand. In addition to popular music, their work reflects influences of American, Asian, European and African vernacular or folk-music styles. Davidson is also the author of two novels, a short story collection, a play in verse, and three collections of poetry. Their poetry and short story work have been published in both Grammateion, and the online literary journal, Danse Macabre.
Education
Davidson was born in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. They studied composition with Jack Body at Victoria University of Wellington, New Zealand; John Beckwith at the University of Toronto; and Salvatore Martirano at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in the United States. In addition, they also studied counterpoint and computer music with John Melby at the University of Illinois. They studied piano with John Powell, Bruce Greenfield, Philippa Ward, and Rae de Lisle in New Zealand; Lawrence Pitchko and Harold Heap in Toronto; and with William Heiles at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
In 2015, they attended a poetry-writing course taught by Sue Sinclair at McGill University, in Montreal. This resulted in the publication of two poetry collections.
Composer
Davidson is a composer of academic concert music influenced by world music, and popular or vernacular idioms (such as jazz, early popular songs, and ragtime). They have written a body of work which includes music for piano solo, chamber music, orchestral music and electronic music. They have also composed a chamber opera based on the short stories of New Zealand author, Katherine Mansfield.
Many of their works use direct transcriptions of non-western music from regions as diverse as Bulgaria, Kazakhstan, Belarus, Belgium, the United States, the Basque region, and Africa. These transcriptions are often combined with Frederic Rzewski-style pan-tonal variations, classical music forms, and polytonality. In addition, their work is less concerned with the creation of a specific style of their own, and more towards the conscious development of ‘appropriated' musical material.
Their work is made available by The American Composers Alliance, The Canadian Music Centre, and The Centre for New Zealand Music (SOUNZ).
Author
Since 2017, Davidson has published five books and an anthology: What Souls Might Bear: Poems; Please Don't Forget Me: Poems and a Play in a Verse; Roses in December: Haunting and Macabre Tales; The Worst Dogs – A Progessive Murder Mystery; A Barren Stage: Collected Poems, Essays, Short Stories, and Novels; and Precept – A Novel. Their books have been, generally speaking, favourably received, with their short stories being praised as elegantly written, with precision in vocabulary, and with the authorial voice having empathy and compassion. Their first novel, entitled PRECEPT, is a fictionalized account of the four months 19th Century civil rights leader Frederick Douglass spent in Ireland. The book was praised as having personalities "rising from the pages with vivid energy," and as an "important and often moving story…".
Davidson has stated that this novel, PRECEPT, is a pastiche of F. Scott Fitzgerald's The Great Gatsby. Further, that the influence of other writers (such as Tom Stoppard), and Davidson's penchant for pastiche, are useful methods to create convincing historical fiction. In addition, that Graham Greene has been an influence on their writing.
List of compact disc releases
Davidson has released 12 CDs to date.
2010: The Pianist Musings: Re-issue of performances of works, by Brahms & Rachmaninoff on Navona
2008: Talencourt: Music for Voice, Piano, and Strings, by Matthew de Lacey Davidson, Capstone Records
2007: The Graceful Ghost: Contemporary Piano Rags, Capstone Records
2001: Whippin' the Keys: 75 years of Novelty Piano Ragtime, with Gary Smart, guest artist, Capstone Records
2000: On the Highwire: Piano Rags, Waltzes and Tangos by Donald Ashwander, Capstone Records
2000: Stolen Music: New Compositions, by Matthew Davidson, Capstone Records (re-release of original Mastersound album)
1999: Syncopated Lady, with Tomoko Deguchi, Capstone Records
1996: Stolen Music, Mastersound/Allegro
1996: Sugar's Nightmare: Piano Rags to Jazz 1898–1995, Mastersound/Allegro
1995: Voodoo Queen: Piano Rags, Jazz, and Blues, performed by Matthew Davidson, Mastersound/Allegro
1994: The Graceful Ghost: Contemporary Piano Rags, Mastersound/Allegro
1992: Space Shuffle and Other Futuristic Rags, Stomp Off Records
List of compositions
Awards
As a composer, Davidson has received numerous awards, performances, and radio broadcasts in New Zealand, Canada, the United States, and Europe, and has received praise for their originality, meticulousness, and idiomatic writing for instruments.
References
External links
The Centre for New Zealand Music
1964 births
Living people
Canadian male composers
Musicians from Toronto
University of Toronto alumni
Victoria University of Wellington alumni
Ragtime composers
Ragtime pianists
Altijan Juric (born 10 June 1975), best known by their stage name Altiyan Childs, is an Australian singer-songwriter. They were the winner of the second season of The X Factor Australia in 2010, and subsequently signed with Sony Music Australia.
Their debut single "Somewhere in the World" reached the top-ten in Australia and New Zealand and their self-titled debut album peaked at number three on the ARIA Albums Chart; and was certified platinum. Their second studio album Born Before the Sun was released in September 2015, and was preceded by the release of six singles. In 2016 they played the title role in a Queensland production of Jesus Christ Superstar.
Biography
1975–2008: Early life
Altiyan Childs was born Altjian Juric in Mount Isa, Queensland but grew up in Sydney. Their father is of Croatian descent and their mother is Serbian. Childs and their sister, Altiyana, were named after their father's sister Altijana, who was murdered at only two months of age. At the age of 13, while a student at Chatswood High School, Childs had been the frontman for a rock band called Over the Edge and, less than two years after graduating from high school, they formed a band called Masonia with Daniel Rivers, Mo Bloomfield and Nathan Meryment. The band had minor success in 2004 with their debut single "Simple", which reached number 41 on the ARIA Singles Chart. Masonia disbanded in 2008 and Childs decided to retire from music.
2010: The X Factor Australia
Childs auditioned for the second season of The X Factor Australia in 2010. Falling into the Over 25's category, they were mentored by Irish singer Ronan Keating who selected them for the finals – a series of ten weekly live shows in which contestants are progressively eliminated by public vote. Keating had received criticism by the Australian public for sending Childs through, as they had forgotten their lyrics multiple times during the audition process.
Throughout the finals, however, Childs was praised continually from the judges, specifically for their performances of Bon Jovi's "Livin' on a Prayer", U2's "Beautiful Day", "Eye of the Tiger", "Sex on Fire" by Kings of Leon and also Bryan Adams' "Summer of '69". After week five's performance show, Childs disappeared from rehearsals and visited a cave on the Sydney Northern beaches in a need to reconnect with "beautiful sadness". During a radio interview with 2Day FM, they said "It kind of hit me randomly at about 2 am that I had to reconnect with part of my sadness, it's my secret power it's what drives me through the song and ignites that part of me, it's got to do with sadness, I needed to go back to somewhere where I felt an intimate romantic thing with an ancient memory and it worked".
Throughout the competition, Childs had never landed in the bottom two, and ended up progressing through to the final show with Sally Chatfield and Andrew Lawson. The grand final results show was held on 22 November 2010 and during the early stage of the show it was revealed that Lawson had received the fewest public votes and was automatically eliminated. Chatfield and Childs became the final two and after the public votes had been tallied it was announced that Childs was the winner. As the winner, Childs received a recording contract with record label Sony Music Australia.
2010–present: Debut album and controversies
Childs' debut single "Somewhere in the World" was made available for download following their win on The X Factor on 22 November 2010. The song debuted on the ARIA Singles Chart at number eight, and also debuted on the New Zealand Singles Chart at number five. Their self-titled debut album was released in Australia and New Zealand on 10 December 2010, featuring re-recorded covers of the songs they performed on The X Factor. The album peaked at number three on the ARIA Albums Chart and was certified platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA), for shipments of 70,000 copies. In New Zealand, the album reached number three and was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of New Zealand (RIANZ), for sales of 15,000 copies.
On 4 April 2011, Childs' personal manager was arrested after police uncovered a chemical lab that was used to manufacture large quantities of prohibited drugs. Childs' shared the property with other housemates, including their manager. Childs had moved out of the property days before the raid took place. Their manager was also charged over illegal weapons, which included rifles, pellet guns and a Taser. Childs however, was not charged. In an interview with Today Tonight, which was broadcast on the Seven Network on 11 April 2011, Childs revealed that they were earning less than they had as a forklift driver, despite releasing a single in 2010 and touring across Australia. They also revealed plans of marrying their 19-year-old girlfriend, Nikki Kingston, who they had met through Facebook. In June 2011, Childs told Australian radio program The Kyle & Jackie O Show that they were planning a national tour of Australia in August that year and that, if their record label agreed, they would like to release a second studio album.
In January 2012, Childs was found guilty in Taree Local Court of having methamphetamine and marijuana in their system after being pulled over while driving in November 2011. Their driver's licence was suspended for six months and was fined $600. As a result of the incident, Rockdale City Council stripped Childs of the key to the city it had awarded him, prompting Childs to launch a tirade alleging corruption at the council. The incident also led to Childs falling out with their X Factor mentor Ronan Keating. On 24 January 2012, it was announced that Childs had parted ways with Sony Music Australia. A spokesperson for the record label told News Limited, "He wanted to move in another direction and the decision was mutual. We wish them all the best." During this time, Childs announced on their official Facebook page that they would be releasing a tell-all memoir titled Altiyan & Goliath, detailing the "deepest truths" about the rise and fall of their post X Factor career.
In late 2012, Childs signed with independent label Oxygen Music Group. Their second album Born Before the Sun was expected to be released in 2013. The first single, "Headlines", was released in December 2012 and failed to reach the ARIA Top 100. In March 2013 Oxygen Music announced Childs was no longer their client. They were signed to Vibe Management and it was announced Childs would be going to the US to sign a recording deal, and doing a series of performances and interviews, including shows at The Viper Room in Los Angeles, the Hard Rock Hotel in San Diego and Tao Nightclub in Las Vegas. An article in the Daily Telegraph stated that these venues all denied Childs was performing at them. Childs returned to Australia in May 2013 and made a statement on Facebook saying the trip had not gone as planned because they had been let down by their American agent. They claimed they have now been offered a contract to release their album in the US and France. They also stated they were no longer with Vibe Management.
On 20 December 2013, Childs released "Dreams" as the first single from their second studio album Born Before the Sun. On 13 March 2014, Childs independently released the album's second single "Girl". The third single "Celebrity" was released on 4 July 2014. Born Before the Sun was released on 27 September 2015, through independent label 9LoveRecords. The album is a collection of material Childs had written over the past 15 years and comes almost five years after their self-titled debut album was released. Born Before the Sun was made available predominantly in digital format, with physical copies made available to buy from Childs' official website.
In 2016 Altiyan was cast in the title role for Gateway Theatre Production's Jesus Christ Superstar. The show was a success, selling out all six shows in Queensland. The show was held at The Events Centre in Caloundra. Reviews were positive.
In late 2016 Childs married their girlfriend of 4 years, Samantha Greenland, in a private ceremony. Childs announced the marriage on their Facebook page. https://www.facebook.com/127626580620606/photos/pb.100044875701245.-2207520000../1079902308726357/?type=3
On 15 April 2021, Altiyan released a five-hour youtube video on Freemasonry, and its secretly antagonistic relationship with Christianity. Altiyan claims to be a former member of the Masonic fraternity, breaking their Masonic oaths in order to produce their 5 hour presentation. The conclusion of the presentation is that international Freemasonry is in fact Organised Satanism in disguise.
Childs stated in their Freemasonry presentation that they have since retired from music and now dedicates their life to leading people to Jesus Christ. It is known that they live on their own property in NSW with their wife Samantha.
Discography
Studio albums
Singles
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1975 births
Australian people of Croatian descent
Australian people of Serbian descent
Anti-Masonry
The X Factor (Australian TV series) contestants
The X Factor winners
ARIA Award winners
People from Sydney
People from Mount Isa
Living people
21st-century Australian singers
21st-century Australian male singers
Ray Hodgson is a former association football player who represented New Zealand at international level.
Hodgson made four official appearances for the Whites, all against Australia, the first a 0–6 loss on 14 August and their fourth and final appearance a 1–8 loss less than a month later on 11 September 1948.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
New Zealand association footballers
New Zealand international footballers
Association footballers not categorized by position
"Love Don't Come Easy" is a song and single by American/Danish glam metal band White Lion. The song is the first single presented to radio stations from their 1991 album Mane Attraction and features a music video. The song peaked at number 24 on the Album Rock Tracks chart in the US.
Background
"Love Don't Come Easy" is a classic pop/rock song and was a natural progression from the bands hit single Wait. The song was released when grunge started to become popular. Still, it reached No. 24 on Mainstream Rock charts and along with the next single "Broken Heart 91" which was a re recording of the bands debut single, was the bands last major single release.
The music video opens with shot of a man walking into an empty theater, they start watching clips of a woman jumping into a pool and eventually jumps into the screen to join them
Compilations
The song along with the rest of the bands singles was featured on all of the bands major compilations including White Lion's 2020 compilation album, "'All You Need Is Rock 'N' Roll - The Complete Albums 1985-1991'".
Track listing
7" single
"Love Don't Come Easy" - 4:11
"Out with the Boys" - 4:35
12" maxi
"Love Don't Come Easy"
"Little Fighter" (live)
"When the Children Cry" (live)
Personnel
Mike Tramp - lead vocals
Vito Bratta - lead guitar
James Lomenzo - bass guitar
Greg D'Angelo - drums
Charts
References
White Lion songs
1991 songs
1991 singles
Song recordings produced by Richie Zito
Songs written by Vito Bratta
Songs written by Mike Tramp
Atlantic Records singles
Nuvvu Vastavani () is a 2000 Indian Telugu-language romance film, directed by V. R. Prathap, written by Ezhil, and produced by R. B. Choudary. It stars Nagarjuna Akkineni and Simran in lead roles.The music of the movie was composed by S. A. Rajkumar. The film is a Telugu remake of the 1999 Tamil film Thulladha Manamum Thullum, in which Simran reprised their role.
Plot
The movie starts with Chinni (Nagarjuna) revealing, on a train journey from Pune to Hyderabad, that they just got out of jail after seven years. Their past is revealed in a flashback. They had been a singer, waiting for the big break. Indu (Simran) hears their voice though they don't see them and becomes their fan. When Chinni realizes this, they try to reveal who they are but circumstances place them and Indu in situations where they end up thinking that they are rowdy. Chinni ultimately becomes responsible for them losing their eyesight too. They devote themselves to them from then onwards attending to them every need. They learn to respect and love them too, thinking that they are the singer and not knowing that they are the same person they thought was rowdy.
Chinni had been telling their mother everything by letter and when they die, they donate their eyes to Indu. To come up with the money needed for the operation, Chinni donates their kidney and has to travel to Pune for the same. Ready to get back, they are arrested after agreeing to look after the luggage (which turns out to contain ammunition) of another man. Back in the present, everything has changed in the place they used to live. They catch a glimpse of Indu, now the collector. When they go to meet her, they order their officers to arrest him, remembering them as the rowdy who caused their eyesight loss. But when Chinni begins to sing, Indu realizes that the "rowdy" they arrested was none other than Chinni. They apologize for misunderstanding them and they happily embrace, rekindling their relationship.
Cast
Nagarjuna Akkineni as Chinni / Krishna
Simran as Indira / Indu
Kota Srinivasa Rao as Koteswara Rao
Tanikella Bharani as Dr. Paramahamsa
Brahmanandam as Nicker Narayana
Ali as Madhava
Sudhakar as Balu
Mallikarjuna Rao as Nadar
Surya as Krishna's friend
Sivaji Raja as Dasu
Varsha as Anitha
Rama Prabha as Indu's grandmother
Y. Vijaya as Koteswara Rao's wife
Sudha as Indu's teacher
Nutan Prasad
Ponnambalam
Prasad Babu
Raghu Kunche
Bandla Ganesh
K. K. Sarma as Postman
Madhu as Rowdy
Garimalla Viswaswara Rao
Gadiraju Subba Rao
Ananth
Naveen
Raksha
Soundtrack
The music was composed by S. A. Rajkumar. Music released on ADITYA Music Company. Except "Komma Komma", all other tunes were used from the original Tamil film. Rajkumar reused "Komma Komma" in Tamil as "Unnai Kodu" in Unnai Kodu Ennai Tharuven (2000) and in Kannada as "Halli Hudugi" in Ramakrishna (2004). Meghamai song was reused from the song 'Sayonee' (1997).
References
External links
2000 films
2000s Telugu-language films
Indian romantic musical films
Telugu remakes of Tamil films
Films scored by S. A. Rajkumar
Super Good Films films
Yannick Osée (born 13 June 1997) is a German professional footballer who plays as a defender for SV Meppen.
References
Living people
1997 births
German footballers
Association football defenders
3. Liga players
Regionalliga players
1. FC Kaiserslautern players
FK Pirmasens players
SV Meppen players
Hugh Evelyn Jackson Lister (15 May 1901 – 9 September 1944) was an English Anglican priest, trade union organizer, and combatant British Army officer in the Second World War.
Graduate of Cambridge University and Cuddesdon Theological College, they were an Anglo-Catholic and friend of Austin Farrer. Leader of Hackney branch of Transport and General Workers Union. Organized labour and led strikes in East End of London in the late 1930s.
Lister volunteered to serve in the Second World War with the Welsh Guards and, as a major, commanded a support company. Lister was killed by German fire at Hechtel, Belgium, on 9 September 1944.
References
Bibliography
Cameron, Alice. In Pursuit of Justice: The Story of Hugh Lister and Their Friends in Hackney Wick. London: SCM Press, 1946.
Hein, David. "Hugh Lister (1901–44): A Modern Saint?" Theology 103 (2000): 339–46.
Hein, David. "Hugh Lister (1901–44): Priest, Labor Leader, Combatant Officer." Anglican and Episcopal History 70 (2001): 353–74.
Hein, David. "Farrer on Friendship, Sainthood, and the Will of God." In Captured by the Crucified: The Practical Theology of Austin Farrer, ed. David Hein and Edward Hugh Henderson, 119–148. New York and London: T & T Clark, 2004. See pp. 120–128: i.e., the section entitled "Exemplar: Hugh Lister."
Hein, David. "Saints: Holy, Not Tame." Sewanee Theological Review 49 (2006): 204–17.
Hein, David. "Christianity and Honor." The Living Church, 18 August 2013, pp. 8–10. http://livingchurch.org/christianity-and-honor
Niebuhr, Reinhold, and Ursula Niebuhr. Remembering Reinhold Niebuhr: letters of Reinhold and Ursula M. Niebuhr. HarperSanFrancisco, 1991. Includes mention of Lister's visit to America.
Snape, Michael. God and the British Soldier: Religion and the British Army in the First and Second World Wars. London and New York: Routledge, 2005. See chap. 4: "The Church in Khaki."
Alumni of Ripon College Cuddesdon
Welsh Guards officers
Recipients of the Military Cross
British Army personnel killed in World War II
English trade unionists
20th-century English Anglican priests
People educated at Lancing College
Anglo-Catholic socialists
English Christian socialists
1901 births
1944 deaths
Sir Carr Scrope, 1st Baronet (20 September 1649 – 1680), versifier and man of fashion in the Restoration court of Charles II of England.
Biography
Scrop was the son of Sir Adrian Scrope and Mary Carr, daughter of Sir Robert Carr, of Sleaford. They matriculated from Wadham College, Oxford, on 26 August 1664, being entered as a fellow-commoner on 3 September. They were created MA on 4 February 1667. On 16 January 1667 they were created a Baronet, of Cockerington in the County of Lincoln.
Scrope came to London, and was soon numbered among the companions of Charles II and the wits "who wrote with ease". About November 1676 they were in love with Miss Fraser, lady-in-waiting to the Duchess of York; but their extravagance in dress—one of their costumes is said to have cost no less than £300—so frightened them that they changed their matrimonial intentions. In January of the next year Catharine Sedley (afterwards Countess of Dorchester) quarrelled with them in the queen's drawing-room over some lampoon that they believed them to have written. Scrope fancied themselves ridiculed as "the purblind knight" in Earl of Rochester's Allusion to the Tenth Satire of the First Book of Horace, and attacked their rival in a very free and satirical poem in defence of satire, an imitation of Horace. Rochester retorted with a vigorous lampoon, which is printed in their works, and Scrope made in reply a very severe epigram. Many references to Scrope (he was a man of small stature, and often ridiculed for their meanness of size) appeared in the satires of the period. They were a member of the "Green Ribbon Club", the great Whig club, which met at the King's Head tavern over against the Inner Temple Gate.
In 1679 Scrope was living at the north end of the east side of Duke Street, St. James's, Westminster. and in August of the next year they were at Tunbridge Wells for their health, and with "a physician of theirs own".  They are said to have died in November 1680, and to have been buried at St. Martin's-in-the-Fields; the baronetcy thereupon became extinct.
Family
Carr Scrope was the eldest son of Sir Adrian Scrope of Cockerington, Lincolnshire, a Cavalier and knight of the Bath (d. 1667). Their mother, Mary, daughter of Sir Robert Carr of Sleaford in the same county, died in 1685, and was noted in their day "for making sharp speeches and doing startling things".
Bibliography
A translation by Scrope of the epistle of Sappho to Phaon was inserted in Ovid's Epistles translated by Various Hands, numerous editions of which were issued between 1681 and 1725, and it was reprinted in Nichols's Collection of Poems.
Other renderings of Ovid by Scrope are in the Miscellany Poems of 1684.
Scrope They wrote the prologue to Sir George Etherege's Man of Mode, a song which was inserted in that play, and the prologue to Lee's Rival Queens.
Scrope's song of Myrtillo's Sad Despair, in Lee's Mithridates, is included in Ritson's English Songs, and the song in the Man of Mode is inserted in the same volume.
A satirical piece, called A very heroical Epistle from my Lord All-pride to Dol-Common (1679), preserved in the Roxburghe Collection of Ballads at the British Museum (iii. 819), and printed by Mr. Ebsworth in the fourth volume (pp. 575–576) of their collection, is supposed to have been written by Scrope.
Notes
References
Attribution
The entry cites:
Anthony Wood's Fasti, ii. 294;
Foster's Alumni Oxon.;
Robert Barlow Gardiner's Wadham College Registers, i. 253;
Peter Cunningham's Nell Gwyn, ed. Wheatley, pp. xli–xlii;
Notes and Queries, 7th ser. i. 429, 519;
Foster's Yorkshire Pedigrees;
Burke's Extinct Baronetcies;
Moore's Carre Family, 1863;
cf. a familiar epistle to 'Mr. Julian, Secretary to the Muses,' in Egerton MS. 2623, f. 81, which refers chiefly to Scrope, is printed in the Works of George Villiers, duke of Buckingham (1775, ii. 142–5), and has sometimes been attributed to Dryden.
1649 births
1680 deaths
Alumni of Wadham College, Oxford
Baronets in the Baronetage of England
17th-century English poets
17th-century English male writers
English male poets
Antonio Marin (; born 9 January 2001) is a Croatian professional footballer who plays for Prva HNL club Šibenik, on loan from Dinamo Zagreb. A versatile forward, Marin is capable of playing as either a winger, a second striker, or a striker.
They have represented Croatia internationally from under-15 to under-21 level.
Club career
Dinamo Zagreb
Born in Zagreb, Marin started their youth career with ZET, before signing for the academy of Dinamo Zagreb in 2009. In spite of being strongly linked to Milan, Manchester City, Paris Saint-Germain and Juventus in September 2017, they signed a three-year long professional contract with the club on 9 October 2017. On 19 May 2018, they made their first team debut, replacing Petar Stojanović in a 3–1 victory over Inter Zaprešić.
On 12 March 2019, in a UEFA Youth League round of 16 game against Liverpool, they provided Leon Šipoš with an assist for the equalizer. The game ended as a 1–1 draw and saw Dinamo win 5–4 on penalties. On 3 April, in a quarter-final against Chelsea, they netted a brace to put Dinamo two up; however, Chelsea came from behind with Luke McCormick's brace and defeated Dinamo 4–2 on penalties. On 11 December, in another Youth League campaign, they scored the only goal in a 1–0 victory over Manchester City and secured Dinamo's spot in the play-offs.
After the departure of Dani Olmo in January 2020, Marin inherited their number 7 shirt. On 6 June 2020, they scored their first senior goal for Dinamo in a 3–1 win over Varaždin.
Loan to Monza
On 1 October 2020, Marin was sent on a one-year loan to newly-promoted Serie B side Monza, with an option for purchase which becomes an obligation under certain conditions. They made their debut on 7 November, coming on as a substitute for Dany Mota in a 2–0 home victory over Frosinone. Their loan ended in January 2021, as they were dissatisfied with their playtime.
Loan to Lokomotiva
On 4 February 2021, they moved on loan to Lokomotiva.
Style of play
Although Marin generally plays as a winger, their versatility in attack makes them adept both as a second striker and a striker.  They are known for their speed, dribbling abilities and skill in set pieces.
Personal life
On 13 October 2020, Marin tested positive for COVID-19.
Career statistics
Club
Honours
Dinamo Zagreb
Prva HNL: 2017–18, 2018–19, 2019–20
Croatian Cup: 2017–18
Croatian Super Cup: 2019
References
External links
Profile at the Dinamo Zagreb website
2001 births
Living people
Footballers from Zagreb
Association football wingers
Association football forwards
Croatian footballers
Croatia youth international footballers
GNK Dinamo Zagreb players
GNK Dinamo Zagreb II players
A.C. Monza players
NK Lokomotiva Zagreb players
HNK Šibenik players
Croatian Football League players
First Football League (Croatia) players
Serie B players
Croatian expatriate footballers
Croatian expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Expatriate footballers in Italy
The great spinetail (Synallaxis hypochondriaca) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is endemic to Peru where its natural habitat is Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation. It is threatened by habitat loss.
This species was formerly considered monotypic within the genus Siptornopsis but molecular phylogenetic studies have shown that it is embedded within Synallaxis.
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet.
Synallaxis
Birds of the Peruvian Andes
Endemic birds of Peru
great spinetail
great spinetail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Fourth Way (1957) is a book about the Fourth Way, a system of self-development as introduced by Greek-Armenian philosopher G.I. Gurdjieff. It is a compilation of the lectures of P. D. Ouspensky at London and New York City between the years 1921 through 1946, published posthumously by their students in 1957.
The term "The Fourth Way" has also come to be used as a general descriptive term for the body of ideas and teachings which Gurdjieff brought to the west from their study of eastern schools.
Ouspensky was given the task of bringing these ideas to a wider audience in an unadulterated form by Gurdjieff. The Fourth Way is considered to be the most comprehensive statement of Gurdjieff's ideas as taught by Ouspensky.
The book consists of adaptations of Ouspensky's lectures, and the accompanying question and answer sessions.
The Fourth Way
The 'Fourth Way' to which the title refers is a method of inner development - "the way of the sly man," as Gurdjieff described it. Rather than the three commonly known ways of enlightenment -- physical, spiritual, and emotional -- The Fourth Way presents a new way of reaching enlightenment, a more effective combination of the three known ways. This way is to be followed under the ordinary conditions of everyday life, as opposed from the three traditional ways that call for retirement from the world: those of the fakir, the monk, and the yogi, which Gurdjieff maintained could only result in partial, unbalanced development of man's potential.
References
Further reading
Opening Text - The Fourth Way Amazon.com
External links
Books by P. D. Ouspensky
1957 non-fiction books
Philosophy books
Self-help books
Fourth Way
Books by P. D. Ouspensky
Alfred A. Knopf books
The trifunctional hypothesis of prehistoric Proto-Indo-European society postulates a tripartite ideology ("idéologie tripartite") reflected in the existence of three classes or castes—priests, warriors, and commoners (farmers or tradesmen)—corresponding to the three functions of the sacral, the martial and the economic, respectively. The trifunctional thesis is primarily associated with the French mythographer Georges Dumézil, who proposed it in 1929 in the book Flamen-Brahman, and later in Mitra-Varuna.
Three-way division
According to Georges Dumézil (1898–1986), Proto-Indo-European society had three main groups, corresponding to three distinct functions:
Sovereignty, which fell into two distinct and complementary sub-parts:
one formal, juridical and priestly but worldly;
the other powerful, unpredictable and priestly but rooted in the supernatural world.
Military, connected with force, the military and war.
Productivity, herding, farming and crafts; ruled by the other two.
In the Proto-Indo-European mythology, each social group had its own god or family of gods to represent it and the function of the god or gods matched the function of the group. Many such divisions occur in the history of Indo-European societies:
Southern Russia: Bernard Sergent associates the Indo-European language family with certain archaeological cultures in Southern Russia and reconstructs an Indo-European religion based upon the tripartite functions.
Early Germanic society: the supposed division between the king, nobility and regular freemen in early Germanic society.
Norse mythology: Odin (sovereignty), Týr (law and justice), the Vanir (fertility). Odin has been interpreted as a death-god and connected to cremations, and has also been associated with ecstatic practices.
Classical Greece: the three divisions of the ideal society as described by Socrates in Plato's The Republic. Bernard Sergent examined the trifunctional hypothesis in Greek epic, lyric and dramatic poetry.
India: the three Hindu castes, the Brahmins or priests; the Kshatriya, the warriors and military; and the Vaishya, the agriculturalists, cattle rearers and traders. The Shudra, a fourth Indian caste, is a peasant or serf. Researchers believe that Indo-European-speakers entered India in the Late Bronze Age, mixed with local Indus Valley civilisation populations and may have established a caste system, with themselves primarily in higher castes.
Reception
Supporters of the hypothesis include scholars such as Émile Benveniste, Bernard Sergent and Iaroslav Lebedynsky, the last of whom concludes that "the basic idea seems proven in a convincing way".
The hypothesis was embraced outside the field of Indo-European studies by some mythographers, anthropologists and historians such as Mircea Eliade, Claude Lévi-Strauss, Marshall Sahlins, Rodney Needham, Jean-Pierre Vernant and Georges Duby.
On the other hand, Nicholas Allen concludes that the tripartite division may be an artefact and a selection effect, rather than an organising principle that was used in the societies themselves. Benjamin W. Fortson reports a sense that Dumézil blurred the lines between the three functions and the examples that they gave often had contradictory characteristics, which had caused their detractors to reject their categories as nonexistent. John Brough surmises that societal divisions are common outside Indo-European societies as well and so the hypothesis has only limited utility in illuminating prehistoric Indo-European society. Cristiano Grottanelli states that while Dumézilian trifunctionalism may be seen in modern and medieval contexts, its projection onto earlier cultures is mistaken. Belier is strongly critical.
The hypothesis has been criticised by the historians Carlo Ginzburg, Arnaldo Momigliano and Bruce Lincoln as being based on Dumézil's sympathies with the political right. Guy Stroumsa sees those criticisms as unfounded.
See also
Arthashastra
Caste
Comparative mythology
Estates of the realm
Mythography
Mandala (political model)
Proto-Indo-European religion
Proto-Indo-European society
Social class
Trinity
Triple deity
Notes
References
Sources
Anthropology
Indo-European culture
Mythological archetypes
Comparative mythology
Social classes
Sociological theories
1929 introductions
Statistics of Meistaradeildin in the 1958 season.
Overview
It was contested by 5 teams, and KÍ Klaksvík won the championship.
League table
Results
References
RSSSF
Meistaradeildin seasons
Faroe
Faroe
Katharine Arwen Michie is an Australian structural biologist, biochemist and physicist. In 2005 they were named a Fellow of the L'Oréal-UNESCO Awards for Women in Science and was also awarded a Marie Curie International Research Fellowship in January, 2006. Michie is currently in charge of the Structural Biology X-ray Facility, a part of the Mark Wainwright Analytical Centre, at the University of New South Wales, Sydney.
Biography
Michie completed both their BSc Hons and doctoral degree at the University of Sydney. In 2005 they received a L'Oréal-UNESCO Fellowship and spent the next five years working with Jan Löwe at the Medical Research Council (United Kingdom) in Cambridge, England. They carried out research into the structure and function of Structural Maintenance of Chromosome (SMC) complexes and how they exert molecular control over the topological and spatial organization of chromosomes. The following year, Michie received a Marie Curie Incoming Postdoctoral Fellowship and continued working on SMC proteins and within the bacterial cell division field which continued their position at the Medical Research Council (United Kingdom). It was during this time Michie published a number of first author papers on bacterial cell division and cytoskeletons. From 2007 to 2010, Michie was a Research Associate at St John's College, Cambridge, UK. And in their final year in the UK, their position at the Medical Research Council (United Kingdom) became that of an Investigator Scientist. They returned to Australia in 2012, initially to the University of Sydney and then from 2015, the University of New South Wales, Sydney. At UNSW they a Senior Research Associate of the Protein Structure Laboratory and runs the Structural Biology X-ray Facility.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
University of Sydney alumni
University of Sydney faculty
University of New South Wales faculty
Australian physicists
L'Oréal-UNESCO Awards for Women in Science fellows
Pancho is a male nickname for the given name Francisco (Spanish and Portuguese equivalent of Francis). The feminine form is Pancha. It is also sometimes used as a surname. Notable people with the name include:
Given name
Pancho Barnes (1901–1975), early female American aviator
Pancho Carter (born 1950), American retired race car driver
Pancho Coimbre (1909–1989), Puerto Rican baseball player
Pancho Córdova (1916–1990), Mexican character actor
Pancho Daniel (died 1858), bandit in what is now California
Pancho Fierro (c. 1807/1809–1879), Peruvian painter
Pancho Gonzales (1928–1995), American tennis player
Pancho Gonzales (footballer) (1926–2016), Argentine football player, and manager
Pancho Guedes (1925–2015), Portuguese architect, sculptor, and painter
Francisco Guilledo (1901–1925), Filipino world champion boxer
Pancho Herrera (1934–2005), Major League Baseball player
Franklin Huddle (born 1943), American diplomat
Pancho Martin (1925–2012), trainer of thoroughbred racehorses
Pancho Prin (1930–2003), Venezuelan musician, singer, and composer
Ferenc Puskás (1927–2006), Hungarian footballer
Francisco Ramírez (governor) (1786–1821), Argentine provincial governor
José Francisco Ramírez (born 1976), Honduran footballer
Pancho Segura (1921–2017), Ecuadorian-born American tennis player
Francisco Varallo (1910–2010), Argentine footballer
Pancho Villa (1878–1923), Mexican revolutionary
Pancho Vladigerov (1899–1978), Bulgarian composer, pianist, and pedagogy
Stage name
Michael Locke (stuntman) (born 1979), a stuntman on the Welsh television programme Dirty Sanchez
Fictional characters
Pancho, sidekick of The Cisco Kid
Pancho, in the Spanish language children's television series Plaza Sésamo
Pancho, character in the Townes Van Zandt song Pancho and Lefty
Surname
Cassa Pancho, founder of British ballet company Ballet Black
Pedro Pancho (born 1934), Filipino politician
See also
Pancha (disambiguation), female given name
Spanish-language hypocorisms
The 2013 Jacksonville Jaguars season was the franchise's 19th season in the National Football League, the first under general manager David Caldwell, and the first under head coach Gus Bradley. Although they missed the playoffs and started 0–8, the Jaguars improved upon their then-franchise-worst 2–14 record from 2012; but failed to improve their 1–7 home record from last year. Much like 2012, the root of their victories were intra-division. The Jaguars also gained a close non-divisional victory over the Browns to finish 4–12.
Roster changes
Notable transactions
Acquisitions
LB Geno Hayes, signed on March 13, 2013.
DT Roy Miller, signed on March 15, 2013.
RB Justin Forsett, signed on March 15, 2013.
CB Alan Ball, signed on March 15, 2013.
DT Sen'Derrick Marks, signed on April 2, 2013.
DT Brandon Deaderick, claimed off waivers on May 14, 2013.
CB Will Blackmon, signed on August 28, 2013.
WR Stephen Burton, claimed off waivers on September 1, 2013.
SS Winston Guy, claimed off waivers on September 1, 2013.
TE Clay Harbor, claimed off waivers on September 1, 2013.
Departures
OT Guy Whimper, released on February 27, 2013.
S Dawan Landry, released on March 8, 2013.
CB Aaron Ross, released on March 8, 2013.
G Eben Britton, declared free agent on March 12, 2013.
CB Derek Cox, declared free agent on March 12, 2013.
RB Rashad Jennings, declared free agent on March 12, 2013.
FB Greg Jones, declared free agent on March 12, 2013.
DT Terrance Knighton, declared free agent on March 12, 2013.
CB Rashean Mathis, declared free agent on March 12, 2013.
CB William Middleton, declared free agent on March 12, 2013.
LB Daryl Smith, declared free agent on March 12, 2013.
WR Laurent Robinson, released on March 13, 2013.
DT C. J. Mosley, released on April 1, 2013.
RB/FB Montell Owens, released on May 16, 2013.
DE Austen Lane, released on June 13, 2013.
WR Jordan Shipley, released on September 1, 2013.
FS Dwight Lowery, released from injured reserve on November 4, 2013.
DE Jeremy Mincey, released on December 13, 2013.
C Brad Meester, retired after 14 seasons with the team.
Trades
Defensive tackle D'Anthony Smith was traded to the Seattle Seahawks for a conditional draft pick. Smith was released by the Seahawks on September 24, meaning the conditions of the trade were not fulfilled and the Jaguars did not receive the draft pick.
Left tackle Eugene Monroe was traded to the Baltimore Ravens for the Ravens' fourth and fifth-round draft picks in the 2014 NFL Draft.
Draft
NOTES:
The Jaguars traded their original fourth-round selection (No. 98 overall) selection to the Philadelphia Eagles in exchange for the Eagles' 2013 fourth- (No. 101 overall) and seventh- (No. 210 overall) round selections.
Undrafted rookie free agents
The following is a list of notable rookie free agents signed after the 2013 NFL Draft:
Staff
Final roster
Schedule
Preseason
Regular season
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.
# Blue/Red indicates the International Series game in London.
Game summaries
Week 1: vs. Kansas City Chiefs
Week 2: at Oakland Raiders
Week 3: at Seattle Seahawks
Week 4: vs. Indianapolis Colts
Week 5: at St. Louis Rams
Week 6: at Denver Broncos
Week 7: vs. San Diego Chargers
Week 8: vs. San Francisco 49ers
NFL International Series
Week 10: at Tennessee Titans
Week 11: vs. Arizona Cardinals
Week 12: at Houston Texans
Week 13: at Cleveland Browns
Week 14: vs. Houston Texans
Week 15: vs. Buffalo Bills
Week 16: vs. Tennessee Titans
Week 17: at Indianapolis Colts
Standings
Division
Conference
References
External links
Jacksonville
Jacksonville Jaguars seasons
Jackson
Phillip Logan (born 4 July 1989) is a Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) politician who served as a Member of the Northern Ireland Assembly (MLA) for North Antrim from 2016 to 2017.
Logan lost their seat in the 2017 Assembly election.
References
1979 births
Living people
Democratic Unionist Party MLAs
Northern Ireland MLAs 2016–2017
Jay D. Roth (born October 23, 1946) is an American lawyer who for over two decades served as the National Executive Director of the Directors Guild of America (DGA), the 17,000 member entertainment guilds representing the economic and creative rights of directors and members of the directorial team working in film, television, documentaries, news, sports, commercials and new media throughout the world. Following their long-planned retirement in May 2017, Roth began a new role with the Guild as Senior Advisor.
Early life
Roth was born and raised in Roslyn Heights, New York, and graduated with a B.A. degree in history from the University of Vermont in 1968, where they served as editor-in-chief of their school newspaper and a J.D. degree from Boston University School of Law in 1971, where they spent their free time at the legal aid center in Dorchester protecting tenants' rights.
Career
After graduating from law school, Roth moved to Portland, Oregon, and worked for legal services doing civil rights and other civil and criminal litigation. In 1973, they moved to Los Angeles, California, doing civil rights and labor litigation for a firm that eventually became Taylor, Roth, Bush & Geffner, where Roth served as managing partner and specialized in representing entertainment guilds, labor organizations and pension, health and welfare funds in labor, entertainment, bankruptcy and transactional matters, including the United Teachers Los Angeles, the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers, Screen Actors Guild (SAG), Directors Guild of America and the International Alliance of Theatrical Stage Employees.
They also served as counsel to several entertainment guilds including the Writers Guild of America (WGA), DGA, and SAG as part of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade negotiations in 1993 and as a member of the U.S. government delegation to the treaty negotiations at the World Intellectual Property Organization. They were a founding board member of the Franco-American Cultural Fund of which the Motion Picture Association (MPA), DGA, SAG, WGA, and Société des auteurs, compositeurs et éditeurs de musique (SACEM) are members.
In 1995, Roth was hired as national executive director at the Directors Guild of America. Under their tenure, the guild had a renewed emphasis on three core functions: representing members in collective bargaining; organizing and jurisdiction; and member support; and added departments and executives to address credits, organizing, diversity, government affairs, research and communications.
Together with a negotiations chair, Roth has led successful negotiations on the guild's major collective bargaining agreements eight times since becoming national executive director, including most recently in December 2016. Negotiations are conducted with the Alliance of Motion Picture and Television Producers approximately every three years. In 2004, during delicate negotiations in which the Screen Actors Guild and the Writers Guild of America asked the DGA to take the lead, Daily Variety called Roth the "showbiz point person on making a deal to ensure Hollywood's labor peace."
During Roth's tenure, DGA membership grew by 65% and annual residuals payments to DGA members increased 300% to nearly $400 million. Roth also modernized the Guild's infrastructure and increased internal support for members – tripling the number of field representatives, and growing the contracts department nearly five times in size. The guild's global presence was also expanded – including staff assigned to international affairs and the development of a Coordinating Committee in London.
Roth serves as treasurer of the Motion Picture & Television Fund (MPTF) and is a member of their Board of Directors.  They are also a member of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. They formerly chaired the Labor Law Section of the Los Angeles County Bar Association and the American Bar Association Airline-Railway Labor Law Committee and was elected as a Fellow of the College of Labor and Employment Lawyers.
Honors and awards
Roth became the fourth recipient of the DGA Presidents Award at the 69th Annual DGA Awards in February 2017, and the 42nd recipient of the DGA's Honorary Life Member Award at the 60th Annual DGA Awards in January 2008, where they were honored for their outstanding contributions to the DGA and the profession of directing. In July 2017, Roth was presented with the first-ever IATSE Honorary Lifetime Membership Award at the International Alliance of Theatrical Stage Employees 68th Quadrennial Convention in Hollywood, Florida. The award was given in recognition of Roth's decades of contributions to the industry and their 22-year tenure as National Executive Director of the DGA.
In January 2009, French President Nicolas Sarkozy named Roth a "Chevalier de L'Ordre de la Legion d'Honneur" (Knight of the French Legion of Honour), in recognition of their role in promoting cultural exchange including creating the Franco-American Cultural Fund and its successful French film festival in Los Angeles, the City of Lights, City of Angels Film Festival.
References
1946 births
Boston University School of Law alumni
Lawyers from Los Angeles
Living people
People from Roslyn Heights, New York
University of Vermont alumni
Earthsiege is a series of games, spun off from the Metaltech series, which led into the Starsiege and Tribes (series) afterward. It includes:
Metaltech: Earthsiege
Earthsiege 2
The CyberStorm series.
Starsiege
The 1976–77 Norwegian 1. Divisjon season was the 38th season of ice hockey in Norway. Ten teams participated in the league, and Manglerud Star won the championship.
First round
Second round
Final round
Relegation round
External links
Norwegian Ice Hockey Federation
Nor
GET-ligaen seasons
1976 in Norwegian sport
1977 in Norwegian sport
Page Pond Hill is a mountain in the Southern Tier of New York. It is located north-northwest of Sanford in Broome County. In 1935, a steel fire lookout tower was built on the mountain. The tower ceased fire lookout operations at the end of the 1988 fire lookout season, and later closed. The site is on private property and is not open to the public.
History
In 1935, the Civilian Conservation Corps built a International Derrick steel fire lookout tower on the mountain. The tower first went into operation in 1936, reporting 12 fires and 29 visitors. The tower ceased fire lookout operations at the end of the 1988 fire lookout season. The New York State Department of Environmental Conservation officially closed the tower in early 1989. In June 1992, the tower was transferred to the landowner, the Girl Scouts Indian Hills Council. In 2007, the New York branch of the Forest Fire Lookout Association completed restoration work on the tower and the cabin. The site is on private property and is not open to the public.
References
Mountains of Broome County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
Christopher Blunt may refer to:
Christopher Blount (1555/56–1601), English soldier, secret agent, and rebel
Christopher Evelyn Blunt (1904–1987), British merchant banker and numismatist
José Manuel Serrano Arenas (born 17 March 1981) is a Spanish former footballer who played as a defender.
Club career
Serrano was born in Seville, Andalusia. After spending four years with local Sevilla FC's reserves, without any first-team appearances, they stayed one season with neighbouring Segunda División side Xerez CD and then switched to Levante UD.
Initially, Serrano played almost exclusively with the reserves in Segunda División B, making their first-team and La Liga debut aged almost 26 in a 2–4 home defeat against Sevilla on 28 January 2007. The following campaign, they scored in a 1–5 home loss to Valencia CF as Levante were already relegated.
For 2008–09, Serrano joined Madrid club Rayo Vallecano, freshly returned to the second division, appearing in only 20 league games out of 84 over the course of two years and being released, after which they signed a two-year contract with Cádiz CF, returning to their native region.
On 19 August 2013, 32-year-old Serrano moved to amateurs CD Alcalá from Tercera División.
References
External links
1981 births
Living people
Footballers from Seville
Spanish footballers
Association football defenders
La Liga players
Segunda División players
Segunda División B players
Tercera División players
Sevilla Atlético players
Xerez CD footballers
Atlético Levante UD players
Levante UD footballers
Rayo Vallecano players
Cádiz CF players
CD Alcalá players
Spain youth international footballers
Peter M Tessier is a biochemical engineering award-winner and protein-engineering expert. Their work with therapeutic proteins has the potential for detecting and treating devastating diseases (including cancer and Alzheimer's disease).
Awards
Some of the awards and recognition for the pioneering work they have engineered include:
American Cancer Society Postdoctoral Fellowship, 2004-2007
Young Scientist Award, World Economic Forum (Tianjin, China), 2014
National Science Foundation CAREER Award, 2010-2015
Pew Scholar Award in Biomedical Sciences, 2010-2014
Rensselaer Early Career Award, School of Engineering Research Excellence Award (2012); Rensselaer School of Engineering Teaching Excellence Award, 2013 and the following year its Dept. of Chemical & Biological Engineering Teaching Award
Young Investigator Award, Biochemical Engineering Journal, 2016
Fellow, American Institute for Medical and Biological Engineering, 2018, “ for outstanding contributions in the design, engineering and selection of monoclonal antibodies for therapeutic applications.”
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
American biochemists
Place of birth missing (living people)
Fellows of the American Institute for Medical and Biological Engineering
Cretacladoides ("cladodont likeness from the Cretaceous") is a genus of chondrichthyan, possibly a falcatid, found in France and Austria. Known solely from teeth, mainly found in the Klausrieglerbach locality of Austria, it consists of two species, C. ogiveformis and C. noricum. Assuming a falcatid identity, it is the most recent member of the family, which otherwise became extinct at the end of the Carboniferous.
History of discovery
The teeth of Cretacladoides were discovered on a field trip by palaeontologist Alexander Lukeneder in 2012. The limestone in which it was found yielded a diverse tooth assemblage, and was dissolved in acetic acid so they could be extracted. In total, 7 kg of limestone contained roughly 88 diagnosable teeth, including 41 teeth that undoubtedly belonged to elasmobranchs. While some of these had been described in a prior paper, the others were mounted on stubs, coated with gold and scanned with an electron microscope at the Palaeontological Department of the University of Vienna.<ref name="feichtingeretal2018"/
The generic name of Cretacladoides is a combination of the words Cretaceous, cladodont, and the Greek word "εἶδος" (oides) which means "similar," or "likeness," alluding to its age and similarities to the teeth of Palaeozoic cladodontomorph chondrichthyans.
Description
The teeth of Cretacladoides are multicuspid in structure, with a cladodont-like crown, and measure less than in width and height. The main cusp is triangular, and flanked by either two or three pairs of lateral cusplets. The first pair of cusplets is very small, while the second reaches three quarters of the main cusp's height. The third pair, when present, is roughly half the size of the second pair. The cutting edges are apparently continuous between the apex of the main cusps and the cusplets. In profile view, all cusps are inclined inwards. The labial crown face possesses either an ogive-shaped enameloid structure on the main cusp, or two converging ridges, depending on which tooth it is.
Viewed from the base, the root is D-shaped, possessing a small labial budge beneath the main cusp. From a lingual view, the root face has a well-developed protuberance below the main cusp. One pair of foramina opens laterally to this protuberance, while the second pair is below a notch which separates the second and third lateral cusplets. The aboral root face possesses two foramina, one central to the root face and the other in line with the main cusp towards the mouth.
Palaeoecology
The Klausrieglerbach locality is known to have had at least three other named chondrichthyans, of the genera Altusmirus, Natarapax and Smiliteroscyllium. The former is a ground shark, Smiliteroscyllium is a carpet shark, and Natarapax may be a ctenacanthid. The teeth of a galeomorph shark of uncertain affinities have also been found. Ammonites of the genera Karsteniceras and Olcostephanus have been found, with the former being represented by shells and aptychi, as well as lower beaks of an ammonite resembling Lamellaptychus.<ref name="lukeneder2014"/ Calpionellids and dinoflagellates are also known from the same locality.
Late Survival
Assuming that Cretacladoides is a member of the Falcatidae, a family of symmoriiform chondrichthyans that otherwise became extinct in the Carboniferous, it implies the existence of a ghost lineage. One explanation put forward by its describers is that it occupied deep-sea habitats, which allowed its line to survive the Permian–Triassic extinction event and leave very few fossils. Indeed, the deep-sea palaeoenvironment of the Klausrieglerbach locality was a dysoxic deep-sea environment, meaning it had very little oxygen.<ref name="lukeneder2003"/ It was described in conjunction with a possible ctenacanthid, Natarapax trivortex, which may indicate an additional ghost lineage in France.<ref name="guinotetal2013"/
The interpretation of Cretacladoides as a falcatid was contested by Ivanov (2022), who argued that teeth of Cretacladoides only superficially resemble teeth of Paleozoic falcatids. The author noted the differences in the morphology of the tooth crown of Paleozoic and putative Cretaceous falcatids (different shape of cusps, which are separated from each other in Paleozoic teeth and connected to each other in Cretaceous teeth; cutting edge weakly developed or missing in Paleozoic teeth, but well-developed in Cretaceous teeth) and in the structure of their tooth base. Ivanov considered it more likely that putative falcatid teeth described from the Early Cretaceous of Europe should be attributed to neoselachians instead.
References
Symmoriiformes
Cretaceous fish of Europe
Fossil taxa described in 2018
Independence Pass may refer to:
Independence Pass (Colorado), a mountain pass on the Continental Divide of the Americas in the Sawatch Range of Colorado, United States.
Independence Pass (Washington), a pass in Skamania County, Washington, United States.
See also
Zanja is a barrio in the municipality of Camuy, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 3,311.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Zanja barrio was 833.
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
Further reading
External links
Barrios of Camuy, Puerto Rico
Alexander Alfred Boddy (15 November 1854 – 10 September 1930) was an Anglican vicar and one of the founders of Pentecostalism in Britain.
Early life
Boddy was born into an ecclesiastical family: their father was a vicar, and their mother was a descendant of Mary Vazeille, who had been married to John Wesley. Although they trained to be a solicitor, a religious experience at the Keswick Convention convinced them they should become ordained into the Church of England. Following several appointments, the Bishop of Durham, J. B. Lightfoot, placed them in All Saints Church in Monkwearmouth, Sunderland in 1884. In 1891 they married Mary Pollock.
Boddy was inspired by the Holiness Movement, and they had an intense religious experience in 1892. In 1899 their wife Mary experienced a healing from asthma and they both believed that they had a gift for healing through the laying-on of hands. In 1904 they visited Wales during the Welsh Revival and met Evan Roberts, and in 1907 they travelled to Oslo, where T. B. Barratt was leading a religious revival modelled on the events of the Azusa Street Revival in Los Angeles. Barratt was invited to Boddy's church, and subsequently Boddy and their wife began to experience speaking in tongues.
Boddy in Pentecostal history
All Saints in Monkwearmouth became a centre for British Pentecostalism, and on Tuesday 28 October 1907, Mary Boddy laid hands on the evangelist Smith Wigglesworth. From 1908 to 1914 Boddy hosted a series of Sunderland Whitsuntide Conventions, which gained national press attention.
Boddy also helped to found the Pentecostal Missionary Union, with Cecil Polhill, and they were a member of the Pentecostal International Advisory Council (IAC). As a Church of England minister, they tried to discourage the creation of separate denominations.
Teachings
Boddy taught that the purpose of the Holy Spirit was to emphasise Christ, and that divine love was more important than speaking in tongues. They continued to have a high view of the sacraments, and defended the practice of infant baptism. They warned against exaggeration as regards healing testimonies. They also believed that the Second Coming of Christ was imminent, and they suggested that certain events during World War I were portents of Biblical prophecy. After visiting the USA, they were disturbed by an emphasis among Pentecostal churches there on money. Unlike some other Pentecostals, they supported the British war effort.
Publications
Prior to their Pentecostal experience Boddy composed a number of Roker Tracts on Holiness subjects. They also wrote several travel books on Russia, Canada, Palestine, and Egypt. From 1908–1926 they were the editor of and chief contributor to Confidence magazine.
References
Sources
Wakefield, Gavin, The First Pentecostal Anglican: The Life and Legacy of Alexander Boddy, Grove Books Limited: Cambridge, 2001.
Wakefield, Gavin, Alexander Boddy Pentecostal Anglican Pioneer, Paternoster Press: , 2007.
External links
Pentecostal Pioneers
A Vicar's Testimony
(The True) Pleading of the Blood (Kindle Edition)
The Laying on of Hands (Kindle Edition)
Pentecost for England (Kindle Edition)
Video
Outpouring of the Holy Spirit is a church history documentary about the 1907 Sunderland Revival and Alexander Boddy. (www.garywilkinson.eu)
1854 births
1930 deaths
19th-century English Anglican priests
20th-century English Anglican priests
English Pentecostals
Howard County is one of 92 counties in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 83,658. The county seat is Kokomo. Originally named Richardville County, it was renamed in 1844 to commemorate General Tilghman Ashurst Howard.
Howard County is part of the Kokomo, Indiana Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Geography
According to the 2010 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 99.71%) is land and (or 0.29%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Miami County, Indiana (North)
Grant County, Indiana (East)
Tipton County, Indiana (South)
Clinton County, Indiana (Southwest)
Carroll County, Indiana (West)
Cass County, Indiana (Northwest)
History
This county was organized in 1844. It was first known as Richardville County. Its first name honored Jean Baptiste Richardville, a chief of the Miami. Richardville's name was Pe-che-wa, which translates to “Wildcat”, hence Wildcat Creek.
In 1846, the name was changed to Howard County, in honor of Gen. Tilghman Howard, U.S. Representative from Indiana, who died in 1844.
Notable locations
Kokomo Reservoir (Wildcat Creek Reservoir)
Western Days Festival: First week of June, in Russiaville, Indiana
Howard County 4-H Fair, in Greentown, Indiana
Koh-Koh-Mah & Foster Living History Encampment, mid-September
Kokomo-Howard County Public Library
Communities
City
Kokomo
Towns
Greentown
Russiaville
Former census-designated place
Indian Heights
Townships
Center
Clay
Ervin
Harrison
Honey Creek
Howard
Jackson
Liberty
Monroe
Taylor
Union
Other places
Alto
Cassville
Center
Hemlock
New London
Oakford
Phlox
West Middleton
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in Kokomo have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1985 and a record high of was recorded in July 1936. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in July.
Transportation
Airports
Kokomo Municipal Airport
Highways
Bus services
City-Line Trolley Serves the city of Kokomo. It is a fixed transportation route that is free to ride and has free wifi.
Trailways A service running from Indianapolis through Kokomo, and then to South Bend.
Greyhound Lines A nationwide service, the Kokomo stop is at the Marathon gas station on North Reed Road, and Gano Street.
Walking trails
Walk Of Excellence – serves the city of Kokomo.
Industrial Heritage Trail – serves the city of Kokomo.
Nickel Plate Trail – ends in northern Howard County in unincorporated community, Cassville. Connects directly to Industrial Heritage Trail in Kokomo.
Cloverleaf Trail - Serves the West side to downtown of the city of Kokomo.
Comet Trail – serves the town of Greentown, and is exactly one mile in length.
Historic Downtown Trail – serves the city of Greentown, marked with information about Greentown's history.
Education
Colleges and universities
Indiana University Kokomo (IUK)
Indiana Wesleyan University – Kokomo Campus
Ivy Tech Community College
Purdue College of Technology
Public school districts
Kokomo-Center Township Consolidated School Corporation (K–12, Kokomo, Indiana) Kokomo High School (NCC)
Eastern Howard School Corporation (K–12, Greentown, Indiana) (MIC)
Northwestern School Corporation (K–12) (MIC)
Taylor Community School Corporation (K–12, Indian Heights, Indiana) (MIC)
Western School Corporation (K–12, Russiaville, Indiana) (MIC)
Private schools
Redeemer Lutheran School (K–8)
Sts. Joan of Arc and St. Patrick Catholic School (K–8)
Temple Christian School (K–12)
Victory Christian Academy (K–12)
Acacia Academy (K–8)
Government
The county government is a constitutional body, and is granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana, and by the Indiana Code.
County Council: The county council is the legislative branch of the county government and controls all the spending and revenue collection in the county. Representatives are elected from county districts. The council members serve four-year terms. They are responsible for setting salaries, the annual budget, and special spending. The council also has limited authority to impose local taxes, in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval, excise taxes, and service taxes.
Board of Commissioners: The executive body of the county is made of a board of commissioners. The commissioners are elected county-wide, in staggered terms, and each serves a four-year term. One of the commissioners, typically the most senior, serves as president. The commissioners are charged with executing the acts legislated by the council, collecting revenue, and managing the day-to-day functions of the county government.
Court: The county maintains five courts. Circuit Court, Superior Court I, Superior Court II Superior Court III and Superior Court IV. The judge on the court is elected to a term of four years and must be admitted to practice law in the State of Indiana. In some cases, court decisions can be appealed to the Indiana Court of Appeals.
County Officials: The county has several other elected offices, including sheriff, coroner, auditor, treasurer, recorder, surveyor, and circuit court clerk Each of these elected officers serves a term of four years and oversees a different part of county government. Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and to be residents of the county.
Howard County is part of Indiana's 2nd congressional district and Indiana's 5th congressional district; Indiana Senate districts 7 and 21; and Indiana House of Representatives districts 30, 32 and 38.
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 82,752 people, 34,301 households, and 22,604 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 38,679 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 88.6% white, 6.9% black or African American, 0.9% Asian, 0.3% American Indian, 0.8% from other races, and 2.5% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.7% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 22.4% were German, 15.3% were American, 10.8% were English, and 10.2% were Irish.
Of the 34,301 households, 30.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.3% were married couples living together, 13.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 34.1% were non-families, and 29.4% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.92. The median age was 40.7 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,697 and the median income for a family was $55,479. Males had a median income of $50,838 versus $33,196 for females. The per capita income for the county was $23,759. About 13.1% of families and 16.4% of the population were below the poverty line, including 26.9% of those under age 18 and 4.3% of those age 65 or over.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Howard County, Indiana
References
External links
Howard County Official Website
Populated places established in 1844
Indiana counties
Kokomo, Indiana metropolitan area
1844 establishments in Indiana
Rabbit Fever is a 2010 feature-length documentary film directed by Amy Do, about the competition at the 2005 National Convention of the American Rabbit Breeders' Association (ARBA), the largest assemblage of rabbits in the world.
The film has found support from, among others, the Ignatz Award-winning artist Jeffrey Brown, who illustrated the movie poster. It was shown at the 8th San Francisco Documentary Film Festival in October 2009 as a work-in-progress. The final work officially premiered in 2010.
Production notes
Rabbit Fever was originally developed as a 20-minute project for Do's film class at the University of Southern California. Do was encouraged by their instructor, director Charles Braverman to expand it into a feature-length film.
After much demand from their fans in the Rabbit Show community, Amy Do has made a Limited Release of their film which was and currently can be purchased on their website. It was released and shipped to the fans on September 12, 2012, nearly 9 years since the convention it was filmed at had occurred and nearly 3 years since the film was produced and aired for the first time.
Appearances
Teens at the Rabbit Convention take part in the human pageant for the titles of "Rabbit Queen" and "Rabbit King". Rabbit Fever follows some of these contestants:
Jenna Anderson from Nacogdoches, Texas. At 15, Jenna won the 2003 National Rabbit Queen title. Two years later - as documented in the film - they attempt to win the crown again before they head off to college.
Jessica Sheetz from Livermore, California.
Paula Courtney from Mukwonago, Wisconsin.
Johnny Haussener from Lock Haven, Pennsylvania.
Jeremy Garrett from Lansing, Michigan.
Others featured in the documentary include:
Joe Kim - breeder of Tan rabbits and competitor for Best in Show at the 2003 Convention.
Glen Carr - former Executive Director of ARBA.
Cindy Wickizer - former President of ARBA.
Betty Chu - Renowned rabbit breeder of the only Angora rabbit that has ever won the Best in Show at an ARBA National Convention.
Lindsey Lauterbach - 1st Runner-Up National Rabbit Queen at the 2003 Convention.
Jeremy Collins - two-time National Rabbit King winner.
References
External links
American documentary films
Documentary films about competitions
Documentary films about children
Films about rabbits and hares
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Tom Nyuma (died January 26, 2014) was a Sierra Leonean military commander and the chairperson of the Kailahun District council. They were elected as chairperson of Kailahun District council on July 6, 2008 with 87% of the vote running on the opposition Sierra Leone People's Party (SLPP) ticket.
Nyuma was born in Kailahun, and was very popular in the Southern and Eastern regions of the country. In March 2012, Nyuma left the SLPP and joined the People's Congress (APC) of President Ernest Bai Koroma.
They were at the rank of Lieutenant Colonel in the Republic of Sierra Leone Armed Forces before they retired. On 29 April 1992, Nyuma was one of the young officers in the Sierra Leonean army who ousted the APC government led by Joseph Saidu Momoh. They established the National Provisional Ruling Council (NPRC) to run the government. During the NPRC administration, Nyuma was the commander of the Eastern Province. They were a member of the Kissi ethnic group and an alum of Ohio State University in Columbus, Ohio, US.
Notes
2014 deaths
Sierra Leonean military personnel
Year of birth missing
People from Kailahun District
People from Bo, Sierra Leone
Ohio State University alumni
The Immaculate Heart of Mary Cathedral () or just Nzérékoré Cathedral, is a religious building of the Catholic Church which is located in the town of Nzérékoré the second largest city in the African country of Guinea.
The cathedral follows the Roman Catholic or Latin rite and serves as the seat of the diocese of Nzérékoré (Dioecesis Nzerekorensis) which was created in 1937 by Pope Pius XI by the Bull "Quo ex Evangelii".
It is under the pastoral responsibility of the Bishop Raphael Balla Guilavogui.
See also
Immaculate Heart of Mary Cathedral
Roman Catholicism in Guinea
References
Roman Catholic cathedrals in Guinea
Nzérékoré
Efraim Shalom (, born 17 January 1934 – 17 August 2017) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Alignment between 1984 and 1988. They were a prominent figure amongst the moshav community, serving as secretary of the Moshavim Movement from 1977 until 1984.
Biography
Born in Iraq in 1934, Shalom grew up in neighbouring Iran, before making aliyah to Israel in 1950. They settled in the Beit Ezra moshav, becoming its manager in 1954 and secretary in 1957. Between 1959 and 1977 they managed the Be'er Tuvia Regional Council, and between 1961 and 1962 also managed a regional supply company. From 1965 until 1977 they were manager of the southern moshavim's purchasing organisation, and between 1977 and 1984 served as secretary of the Moshavim Movement.
They joined the ruling Mapai party in 1950, and became a member of its central committee in 1964. They became a member of the Labor Party when Mapai merged into it in 1968, and joined its bureau in 1981. In 1984 they were elected to the Knesset on the Alignment list (an alliance of the Labor Party and Mapam), and chaired the Subcommittee for the Issue of Water. They lost their seat in the 1988 elections.
References
External links
1934 births
Iraqi Jews
Iraqi emigrants to Israel
Moshavniks
2017 deaths
Moshavim movement secretaries
Mapai politicians
Israeli Labor Party politicians
Alignment (Israel) politicians
Members of the 11th Knesset (1984–1988)
The politics of the Royal Borough of Greenwich.
Royal Borough of Greenwich
In 2012, Greenwich received royal status (Greenwich Park is one of the royal parks) Royal Status
Summary of council election results:
Following boundary changes in 2022, Greenwich is administered by 55 councillors. The Labour Party currently has an overall majority on the council, holding 52 seats, with the Conservatives holding 3. Labour has had a majority on the council since 1971.
Electoral wards
From 2002 to 2022, the borough was divided into 17 wards, each electing three councillors every four years.
By-elections in 2002-2006 Council
By-elections in 2006-2010 Council
By-elections in 2014-2018 Council
By-elections in 2018-2022 Council
By-elections in 1998-2002 Council
By-elections in 1994-1998 Council
By-elections in 1990-1994 Council
By-elections in 1986-1990 Council
By-elections in 1982-1986 Council
By-elections in 1978-1982 Council
Westminster Parliament
The borough contains the constituencies of:
Eltham
Erith and Thamesmead (shared with the London Borough of Bexley)
Greenwich and Woolwich
As of the 2010 General Election, all three are represented by Labour MPs.
References
Gildardo García (9 March 1954 – 15 January 2021) was a Colombian chess player.
Biography
García became Colombia's second Grandmaster in 1992. Their highest rating was 2540 (in July 1994) and they were ranked 14th in Colombia at the time of their death.
They won the Colombian national championship 10 times, in 1977, 1978, 1985, 1986, 1987, 1990, 1991, 1995, 2003, and 2006. In 1974, they won the inaugural Pan American Junior Chess Championship. In 2006, they played in the chess olympiads for Colombia.
They died from COVID-19 in Medellín on 15 January 2021, during the COVID-19 pandemic in Colombia.
References
1954 births
2021 deaths
Colombian chess players
Chess grandmasters
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in Colombia
20th-century Colombian people
21st-century Colombian people
Russell Patrick Davis (born November 12, 1976) is an American singer-songwriter, musician, and record producer.
Early life
Patrick Davis was born on November 12, 1976, in Murfreesboro, Tennessee. The son of Rusty and Jean Davis, They were raised in Camden, South Carolina before moving to Nashville, Tennessee. to pursue a career in music.
Davis attended Camden High School in Camden, South Carolina where they were an honors student and athlete. Their interest in music began during high school, and at the age of 16 they joined their father on stage for their first ever performance. Their talent developed throughout high school and into their college career at University of South Carolina, where they earned a bachelor's degree in History. It was during this time they became a mainstay of the Columbia, South Carolina music scene and decided to become a professional musician.
Career
In 2003, Patrick Davis released their debut solo album, Chances Are, which was co-produced by Hootie & the Blowfish guitarist Mark Bryan. While touring for Chances Are, Davis landed a songwriting and publishing deal with EMI Music Publishing of Nashville, Tennessee.
Davis' first wide scale commercial songwriting success came in 2006, when they co-wrote "Dixie Lullaby" for Pat Green, which in turn went into the top 20 for the country music airplay chart. This led to a series of songwriting collaborations with Darius Rucker, Jewel, Guy Clark, and others from 2007 to 2009. During their time writing, Davis also opened for several artists, including Darius Rucker and Hootie & the Blowfish.
2009 saw Davis' "Big Ole (Game) Cock" became a cult anthem at the University of South Carolina before they released their second solo album, Numbers, in 2010. During this time they also wrote Jason Michael Carroll's "Where I'm From," which went to No. 1 on the XM Highway Chart and the top 10 Billboard Chart. This led to their nomination for Music Row Magazine's top up and coming songwriter in Nashville for 2010
Throughout 2011 and 2012, Davis continued writing while also transitioning into production and experimenting with genres outside of country music. They left EMI Music Publishing during this time to join Ben Vaughn at Warner Brothers' Warner Chappell Music Publishing in Nashville, Tennessee. In 2011 Davis produced an album for Jason Michael Carroll and another project for Texas songwriter Django Walker. During this time, Davis had the song "Love I've Found in You" recorded by country trio Lady Antebellum and also wrote 15 of the 18 songs on their long time collaborator Jewel's debut children's album, The Merry Goes Round, after which the pair performed their song "Only Shadows" live together on Regis and Kelly. Davis released their third solo album The Cuts Vol. 1 in 2012.
In 2013, Davis created the "Songwriters in Paradise Hope Town," a three night songwriters festival hosted at the Firefly Sunset Resort in Hope Town, Abaco in the Bahamas. Davis then partnered with their alma mater to produce The Gamecock Album, which featured the track "We Ain't Far," wherein University of South Carolina alumni Patrick Davis, Darius Rucker, and Edwin McCain shared lead vocals. 2013 also saw Jimmy Buffett release Davis' "Something Bout a Boat" on their Songs from St. Somewhere album.
In 2014, Davis released Red, White & Blue Jeans, their fourth full-length studio album, which contained guest appearances from many of their long time and new collaborating artists such as Jewel, Robert Randolph, and Branford Marsalis. They spent the remainder of the year touring with Darius Rucker in Europe.
In 2016, Patrick Davis formed the 11-piece touring band Patrick Davis & Their Midnight Choir. The band's members included their sister Megan on backup vocals and their father Rusty on lead guitar. They toured the southeast heavily throughout 2016. During this time Davis also opened for Vince Gill and performed at Bill Murray's Caddyshack Charity Golf Event and Hootie & The Blowfish's Monday After the Masters. They were the guest singer for the US National Anthem and also performed "God Bless America" at the Baltimore Orioles game that same year. They also co-wrote "Let It Do What It Does" with Robert Randolph and "Call Me" with Imelda May.
In 2017, Patrick Davis hosted both their "SIP Hope Town" Songwriters' Festival in Hope Town, Abaco and their "SIP Cabo" Songwriters Festival in Cabo San Lucas, Mexico. They also headlined Nashville's Bluebird Cafe, sold out multiple venues in the Southeast with their Midnight Choir, and performed with several of their long time collaborative acts like Darius Rucker, Amos Lee, and Charles Kelly of Lady Antebellum. When the University of South Carolina Gamecock men's basketball team made a run for the final four in the NCAA tournament, Patrick wrote and recorded the ode "God Bless Sin". This same year saw Patrick's ninth music release with Where Does It Go.
In 2019 Patrick Davis was awarded the Order of the Silver Crescent, one of the highest civilian honors in South Carolina, awarded to them by Governor Henry McMaster. That same year Hurricane Dorian struck the Abaco Islands leaving a wake of destruction and need in its path. Patrick Davis along with fellow artists put together the SIP Hope 4 Hope Town at the Ryman concert event which along with generous donations raised over 1 million dollars in much-needed relief.
2020 saw the release of Davis' tenth recording Couch Covers, which was produced in both traditional vinyl LP fashion and CD/digital download.
Personal life
Patrick Davis lives in Nashville, Tennessee.  They are also the president of the Roger J. Davis Memorial Fund, which they and their family started after their younger brother Roger was killed in a single vehicle alcohol related accident on June 29, 2008. The RJDMF hosts fundraising events intended to raise awareness about driving safety and prevent alcohol related driving deaths. Davis proposed to Lauren Jenkins in 2021 in Napa, California at a songwriter's event. Their wedding is scheduled for October 2022.
Discography
Studio albums
Chances Are (2003)
Worktapes (The Diamond in the Making EP) (2007)
Just A Big Ole (Game) Cock (2009)
Numbers (2010)
The Cuts Vol. 1 (2012)
The Gamecock Album (2013)
Red, White & Blue Jeans (2014)
Big Ole Yardcock (2015)
Where Does It Go (2017)
Couch Covers (2020)
Songs (credited as songwriter)
Guy Clark - “Wrong Side of the Tracks”
Jimmy Buffett - “Something Bout A Boat”
Jewel - “Sweet Dreams”
Pat Green - “Home”
Robert Randolph featuring Darius Rucker - “Let It Do What It Does (L-O-V-E)”
Imelda May - “Call Me”
Lady Antebellum - “Love I Found In You”
Django Walker featuring Jerry Jeff Walker - “Something Bout A Boat”
Jewel - “Count On Me”
Will Hoge - “A Different Man”
Guy Clark - “All They Want Is You”
Pat Green featuring Marc Broussard - “Good Night In New Orleans”
Ashley Campbell - “New Year”
Morgan Wallen - “Outlaw”
Darius Rucker - “Be Wary Of A Woman”
A Thousand Horses - “First Time”
Django Walker - “Texas Longhorn”
Pat Green - “In it for the Money”
Jason Michael Carroll - “Where I'm From”
Maggie Rose - “Broken”
Alabama - “No Bad Days”
Jason Michael Carroll - “Numbers”
Josh Kelley - “Ain't Lettin' Go”
Corey Morrow - “Beat Of Your Heart”
Maggie Rose - “Change the Whole Thing”
Pat Green - “Dixie Lullaby”
Django Walker - “No Bad Days”
Imelda May - “Leave Me Lonely”
Casey James - “So Sweet”
Pat Green - “Cannonball”
Shawn Colvin - “All They Want Is You”
Jesse Rice - “Hope Town”
Pat Green - “Love Like That”
Jewel - “Sammy the Spider”
Darius Rucker - “It's All Over”
Jewel - “Only Shadows”
James Otto - “Somewhere Tonight”
Jewel - “Give Me the Rainbow”
Corey Morrow - “Good Intentions”
The Grascals - “Two Boys On A Dirt Road”
Jewel - “Just Like Penguins Do”
Chuck Meade - “I Wish It Was Friday”
Channing Wilson - “Black Jesus”
Jason Michael Carroll - “My Favorite”
Ray Johnston - “She's Like Mexico”
Pat Green - “Won't Let Love”
Django Walker - “Young Enough to Run”
Meghan Linsey - “Sunshine In My Soul”
Jewel - “Happy”
Jason Michael Carroll - “Meet Me in the Barn”
Laura Bell Bundy - “Makin' Me Feel”
Django Walker - “Girl Down in Texas”
Love & Theft - “Like I Feel It”
Jewel - “Bucky the Bull”
The McClymonts - “Hearts On Fire”
Ashley Campbell - “Forever's Not That Long”
Ray Johnston - “Alabama Crimson Tide”
Jewel - “Play Day”
Jewel - “Snooze Button Blues”
Jason Michael Carroll - “We Threw It All Away”
Jewel - “In My Room”
Jason Michael Carroll - “Let Me”
Jason Eady - “Black Jesus”
Django Walker - “God Only Knows”
References
External links
Musicians from South Carolina
American male singer-songwriters
American country singer-songwriters
University of South Carolina alumni
1976 births
Living people
21st-century American singers
21st-century American male singers
Singer-songwriters from South Carolina
The Shakespeare Stealer is a 1998 historical fiction novel by Gary Blackwood. Taking place in the Elizabethan-era England, it recounts the story of Widge, an orphan whose master sends them to steal Hamlet from The Lord Chamberlain's Men. It was an ALA Notable Children's Book in 1999. Blackwood published two sequels, Shakespeare's Scribe (2000) and Shakespeare's Spy (2003).
Plot summary
In the late Elizabethan era, a fourteen-year-old orphan known only by their nickname, Widge, has learned shorthand, a method of rapid writing by means of abbreviations and symbols, from their previous master, a preacher who wants Widge to steal other preachers' sermons. Bass, their new master, wants to use Widge's skill to transcribe William Shakespeare's Hamlet before Shakespeare prints it. Widge sets off to London with Falconer, a ruthless man whom Bass assigns to ensure Widge succeeds. Hamlets performance so enraptures Widge that they forget part of their assignment, and when they return for a second try, their notebook is stolen. Widge eventually settles into the acting troupe by posing as a hopeful player, and The Lord Chamberlain's Men accepts him. For the first time, Widge feels part of a real family. But it's hard for them knowing their duty is to not be a part of this family but to steal from them. Falconer continues to press Widge to steal the play, resulting in a constant cat and mouse chase between them. After Falconer, who turned out to be Bass in disguise, dies in a duel with The Lord Chamberlain's Men shareholder Robert Armin, Widge remains at The Globe to work toward their dream of being a player.
Characters
SPOILER ALERT
Widge: an orphan who does not know their real name and was born around 1587.  They are 14 in the story. Widge's previous masters, Dr. Bright, taught them charactery, a shorthand language, to steal other preachers' sermons. Their current master, Simon Bass, wants to use Widge's shorthand to acquire Shakespeare's Hamlet, which has not been printed for the public.
Alexander "Sander" Cooke: Widge's closest friend when they start their acting career at the Globe Theatre.
Julia "Julian" Cogan: Widge's second-closest friend. The other players discover at the end that they pose as a boy, dreaming of becoming an actor, to be allowed on stage. After they are exposed, they work at a French diner. By the end of the book, they set sail for France.
William Shakespeare: The playwright of the Lord Chamberlain's Men and the ghost in Hamlet. Widge knocks down white paint over their shoulder
Simon "Falconer" Bass: Widge's second master who wants them to steal Hamlet. Bass disguises themselves as a messenger, Falconer. At the end, Richard Burbage (Mr. Armin) reveals Falconer is Bass, as the latter dies.
Nick: An arrogant member the Lord Chamberlain's Men with Widge, Sander, and Julian. They do not like playing lower parts (i.e. women's roles) and often comes in drunk and late. A university student nearly kills him, but Widge saves their lives. They accidentally pierce Julia's chest which leads to the discovery of their secret.
Awards and nominations
1998 School Library Journal Best Book of the Year
1999 ALA Notable Children's Book
1999 ALA Best Book for Young Adults
Sequels
The novel's popularity led to two sequels, Shakespeare's Scribe (2000) and Shakespeare's Spy (2003). The three novels were published together as a trilogy in a single, 784-page volume in 2004.
References
1998 American novels
American young adult novels
American historical novels
Novels by Gary Blackwood
Novels about William Shakespeare
E. P. Dutton books
In law, an allegation is a claim of an unproven fact by a party in a pleading, charge, or defense. Until they can be proved, allegations remain merely assertions.
Types of allegations
Marital allegations
There are also marital allegations: marriage bonds and allegations exist for couples who applied to marry by licence. They do not exist for couples who married by banns. The marriage allegation was the document in which the couple alleged (or most frequently just the groom alleged on behalf of both of them) that there were no impediments to the marriage.
Civil complaints
Generally, in a civil complaint, a plaintiff alleges facts sufficient to establish all the elements of the claim and thus states a cause of action. The plaintiff must then carry the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion in order to succeed in the lawsuit.
A defendant can allege affirmative defenses in its answer to the complaint.
Other allegations are required in a pleading to establish the correct jurisdiction, personal jurisdiction and subject matter jurisdiction.
Disjunctive allegations
Disjunctive allegations are allegations in a pleading joined by an "or". In a complaint, disjunctive allegations are usually per se defective because such a pleading does not put the party on notice of which allegations they must defend.
On the other hand, defendants often plead in the alternative by listing seemingly inconsistent defenses. For example, "I did not do the crime", "if I did, I didn't know", or "even if I did know, I've got a good excuse". Such a pleading may be considered disjunctive and may be permissible.
Terminology
"Adduction" is another term relating to allegations. Evidence is said to be adduced, in the process of putting forward or presenting evidence or arguments for consideration by the court.
See also
Accusation
False accusation
Reasonable doubt
References
Legal terminology
Clinical Senates are non-statutory bodies of the English NHS, established by the Health and Social Care Act 2012.
Description
Clinical senates were established by the English NHSas multi-professional clinical leadership groups from April 2013 onward to "help clinical commissioning groups (CCGs), health and wellbeing boards (HWBs) and the NHS NHS Commissioning Board to make the best decisions about healthcare for the populations they represent by providing advice and leadership at a strategic level".
There are 12 Clinical Senates across England based upon geographical areas of major patient flows into tertiary centres, as determined by the NHS Commissioning Board: East of England, East Midlands, Greater Manchester and Eastern Cheshire, London, North West Coast, Northern, South East, South West, Thames Valley, Wessex, West Midlands, Yorkshire and the Humber.
As of March 2014, it had been reported that by the end of 2013 two had not met at all, three had met only once, and three met twice. Two clinical senates had met three times by the end of 2013.
Sir David Nicholson, Chief Executive of NHS England in their retirement interview April 2014 was most critical of clinical senates, which they rated just four out of 10, saying they didn't "quite see the benefits coming through at the moment".
References
External links
Clinical Senates
National Health Service (England)
Central Taurus Sign Language (CTSL) is a village sign language of Turkey. It is spoken in three villages in the central Taurus Mountains. It was brought to the world's attention by Rabia Ergin, who was exposed to it growing up.
External links
Rabia Ergin's webpage
www.notmute.com
www.dilsizdegil.com
References
Village sign languages
Sign languages of Turkey
PASC may refer to:
Long COVID, also known as post-acute sequelae of COVID-19
PASC audio compression, a version of MPEG-1 Audio Layer I
Pancreatic stellate cell (PaSC)
Portable Applications Standards Committee of the IEEE Computer Society
Public Administration Select Committee in the British Parliament
Deadhorse Airport (ICAO location indicator: PASC), Alaska, United States
Tomorrow the Green Grass is the fourth studio album by American rock band The Jayhawks, released on February 14, 1995. It peaked at number 92 on the Billboard 200 chart.
Background
Tomorrow the Green Grass was the band's first album to feature keyboardist Karen Grotberg as a group member.
"Miss Williams' Guitar" was written as a tribute to Victoria Williams, Olson's wife. They would later leave The Jayhawks and form The Original Harmony Ridge Creekdippers with Williams. The song "Bad Time" is a cover of a Grand Funk Railroad song from All the Girls in the World Beware!!!
The album's title track was used in the closing credits of the 1995 film National Lampoon's Senior Trip, but was not included on the original edition of the album itself.
Reception
Tom Sinclair of Entertainment Weekly praised the album as being "everything a country-rock album should be" and stated that "even those who normally can't stand the genre are likely to be seduced by the plaintive vocal harmonies, pristine melodies, and scrappy-but-lyrical guitar solos". Greg Kot of the Chicago Tribune wrote that the album's "wider-ranging arrangements and instrumentation (strings, violin, keyboards) make the band seem less one-dimensional and studied than before." The NME stated that Mark Olson and Gary Louris' vocal harmonies "attain that upliftingly sad tinge of gospel that was once the heavenly terrain of Gram Parsons and Emmylou Harris", while Q wrote that Olson and Louris "lead their slightly expanded six-piece band through a string of beautifully bracing folk-tinged pop songs stunning in their simplicity". Robert Christgau of The Village Voice gave the album a one-star honorable mention rating, indicating "a worthy effort consumers attuned to its overriding aesthetic or individual vision may well like", and called the album "always sincere, never wimpy".
In a retrospective review for AllMusic, critic Jason Ankeny wrote that "if Hollywood Town Hall is inarguably the Jayhawks' best album, Tomorrow the Green Grass runs a very close second", noting that the album's "eclectic approach pointed the way to the sound and style of the fine records the Louris-led version of the band would go on to make" following Mark Olson's departure. Stephen M. Deusner of Pitchfork stated that the album showcases "a looser, more experimental tack" but runs "one or two tracks too long, a generous gesture that nevertheless lessens its impact, making it an uneven follow-up to Hollywood Town Hall".
Track listing
All songs written by Mark Olson and Gary Louris except as noted.
"Blue" – 3:09
"I'd Run Away" – 3:34
"Miss Williams' Guitar" – 3:06
"Two Hearts" – 3:22
"Real Light" – 3:25
"Over My Shoulder" – 3:41
"Bad Time" (Mark Farner) – 3:27
"See Him on the Street" – 3:09
"Nothing Left to Borrow" – 3:24
"Ann Jane" – 4:00
"Pray for Me" – 3:39
"Red's Song" (Olson, Louris, Marc Perlman) – 3:58
"Ten Little Kids" – 4:33
Bonus disc available on some European 1995 versions
Released fall 1995.
"I'd Run Away" - 3:23
"Blue" - 3:11
"Last Cigarette" - 3:24
"Break My Mind" - 3:22
"Tomorrow The Green Grass" - 3:37
"Darling Today" - 2:59
"Up Above My Head" - 2:39
"Keith & Quentin" - 2:39
"Leave No Gold" - 5:44
Tracks 1 & 2 recorded for 2 Meter Session (VARA/NPS Holland)
Tracks 3 & 4 taken from the "Bad Time" single
Tracks 5 & 6 taken from the "Blue" single
Tracks 7 & 8 taken from the "Waiting For The Sun" single
Track 9 taken from the European release of the Hollywood Town Hall CD
2011 Legacy Edition track listing
All songs written by Mark Olson and Gary Louris except as noted.
Disc 1:
"Blue" – 3:09
"I'd Run Away" – 3:33
"Miss Williams' Guitar" – 3:06
"Two Hearts" – 3:22
"Real Light" – 3:25
"Over My Shoulder" – 3:40
"Bad Time" (Mark Farner) – 3:26
"See Him on the Street" – 3:09
"Nothing Left to Borrow" – 3:24
"Ann Jane" – 4:00
"Pray for Me" – 3:39
"Red's Song" (Olson, Louris, Marc Perlman) – 3:58
"Ten Little Kids" – 4:33
"Tomorrow The Green Grass" (non-album B-side from 1995 single "Blue") – 3:35
"You and I (Ba-Ba-Ba)" (previously unreleased) – 4:35
"Sweet Hobo Self" (previously unreleased) – 3:08
"Last Cigarette" (non-album B-side from 1995 single "Bad Time") – 3:24
"Sleep While You Can" (previously unreleased) – 3:51
"Blue From Now On" (hidden bonus track; previously unreleased early demo) – 2:47
Disc 2 "The Mystery Demos" (all tracks previously unreleased):
"Pray For Me" – 3:42
"Won't Be Coming Home" – 3:50
"No Place" – 4:56
"Precious Time" – 3:29
"Poor Michael's Boat" – 2:54
"Ranch House in Phoenix" – 4:51
"Cotton Dress" – 3:14
"She Picks The Violets" – 3:58
"Bloody Hands" – 3:45
"Up Above The River" – 3:47
"Over My Shoulder" – 3:33
"Blue From Now On" – 3:18
"Hold Me Close" – 4:32
"Turn Your Pretty Name Around" – 4:01
"You and I (Ba-Ba-Ba)" – 5:08
"Red's Song" – 4:29
"Nothing Left to Borrow" – 4:06
"White Shell Road" – 4:07
1–10 are from demos, February 6, 1992
11–18 are from acoustic demos with George Drakoulias, 10-92
Personnel
The Jayhawks
Mark Olson – vocals, guitar
Gary Louris – vocals, guitar
Marc Perlman – bass
Karen Grotberg – piano, organ, Wurlitzer, background vocals
Additional musicians
Don Heffington – drums
Greg Leisz – pedal steel guitar
Lili Haydn – violin, viola (on "I'd Run Away")
Tammy Rogers – violin (on "Over My Shoulder")
Benmont Tench – organ
George Drakoulias – baritone guitar solo on "Two Hearts"
Sharleen Spiteri – background vocals (on "Bad Time")
Victoria Williams – background vocals (on "Ten Little Kids" and "Pray For Me")
Mike "Razz" Russell – violin (on Mystery Demos 1–10)
Production
George Drakoulias – producer
Clif Norrell – engineer
David Bianco – mixing
Stephen Marcussen – mastering
Paul Buckmaster – string arrangement on "Blue"
Marina Chavez – photography, cover photo
Linda Cobb – art direction, design
Tony Glover – liner notes
Victor Janacua – assistant engineer
Jamie Seyberth – assistant engineer
Jeff Sheehan – assistant engineer
References
External links
Jayhawks fan site discography.
1995 albums
The Jayhawks albums
Albums produced by George Drakoulias
Alternative rock albums by American artists
Alternative country albums by American artists
The Texas Penal Code is the principal criminal code of the U.S. state of Texas. It was originally erected in 1856 and underwent substantial revision in 1973, with the passage of the Revised Penal Code, in large part based on the American Law Institute's Model Penal Code.
History
The first codification of Texas criminal law was the Texas Penal Code of 1856. Prior to 1856, criminal law in Texas was governed by the common law, with the exception of a few penal statutes. In 1854, the fifth Legislature passed an act requiring the Governor to appoint a commission to codify the civil and criminal laws of Texas. Only the Penal Code and Code of Criminal Procedure, both authored by James Willie, were passed by the sixth Legislature and were effective as of February 1, 1857. These came to be referred to as the "Old Codes."
The code underwent a major reorganization and reconciliation of existing criminal laws with the adoption of the Texas Penal Code of 1974.
According to the Texas Legislative Counsel, the main objectives of the Revised Penal Code were to (1) consolidate, simplify, and clarify the substantive law of crimes; (2) modernize a Penal Code designed for the preindustrialized, rural, and underpopulated Texas society of a century ago; (3) identify and proscribe, with as much precision as possible, all significantly harmful criminal conduct; (4) rationally grade offenses, according to the harm they cause or threaten, and sensibly apportion the sentencing authority between the judiciary and correctional system; (5) codify the general principles of the penal law; and (6) collect in a single code all significant penal law, transferring to more appropriate locations in the statutes regulatory and similar laws that merely employed a penal sanction.
Dean W. Page Keeton of the University of Texas played a key role in drafting, revising, and promoting the Revised Penal Code.
Organization
The Texas Penal Code is organized into titles and chapters. As of 2017, the basic structure is as follows:
Title 1: Introductory Provisions - Declares that all persons are presumed innocent unless proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt.
Chapter 1. General Provisions
Sec. 1.02 states the objectives of the penal code: "to establish a system of prohibitions, penalties, and correctional measures to deal with conduct that unjustifiably and inexcusably causes or threatens harm to those individual or public interests for which state protection is appropriate" through deterrence, rehabilitation, and punishment of convicted persons; by giving fair warning of prohibited conduct and consequences of violation; to prescribe penalties proportionate with the seriousness of offenses and take rehabilitation potential into consideration; "to safeguard conduct that is without guilt from condemnation as criminal"; to guide and limit law enforcement; and "to define the scope of state interest in law enforcement against specific offenses and to systematize the exercise of state criminal jurisdiction."
Sec. 1.03 provides that conduct not prohibited by law is not a criminal offense.
Sec. 1.04 through Sec. 1.09 cover: construction of the code (according to fair import of terms), computation of age, definitions, preemption (prohibiting political subdivisions from enacting or enforcing laws criminalizing same conduct as criminalized in Penal Code), and concurrent jurisdiction for offenses involving state property (granting Attorney General concurrent jurisdiction to prosecute if local prosecutor consents).
Chapter 2. Burden of Proof
Sec. 2.01 provides that all persons are presumed innocent unless each element of the offense alleged is proved beyond a reasonable doubt.
Sec. 2.02 provides that the prosecutor must negate the existence of an exception where an exception is specifically stated in the statute.
Sec. 2.03 provides that it is not the prosecutor's duty to disprove a defense and that the jury will not be instructed regarding any defense unless evidence is admitted to support the defense, and that if the defense is submitted to a jury, then the jury will be instructed "that a reasonable doubt on the issue requires that the defendant be acquitted."
Sec. 2.04 provides the standard for affirmative defenses, which is essentially the same as for non-affirmative defenses except that the jury is instructed "that the defendant must prove the affirmative defense by a preponderance of evidence."
Sec. 2.05 covers presumptions and requires that "if there is sufficient evidence of facts that give rise to the presumption, the issue of the existence of the presumed fact must be submitted to the jury, unless the court is satisfied that the evidence as a whole clearly precludes a finding beyond a reasonable doubt of the presumed fact."
Chapter 3. Multiple Prosecutions
There is no Chapter 4 or Chapter
Title 2. General Principles of Criminal Responsibility
Chapter 6. Culpability Generally
Cover concepts such as mens rea and actus reus.
Chapter 7. Criminal Responsibility for Conduct of Another
Covers complicity and corporate liability.
Chapter 8. General Defenses to Criminal Responsibility
Covers the insanity defense, mistake of fact, mistake of law, intoxication, duress, entrapment, and the responsibility and capacity of minors, including minors with mental illness.
Chapter 9. Justification Excluding Criminal Responsibility
Covers self defense, defense of others, public duty, necessity, suicide prevention, defense of property, lawful arrest, and child discipline.
Title 3. Punishments
Chapter 12. Punishments
Prescribes available punishment according to classification of the offense (Class A misdemeanor, Class B misdemeanor, Class C misdemeanor, capital felony, first-degree felony, second-degree felony, state jail felony) along with aggravating circumstances (repeat and habitual offenders, hate crimes, elder abuse, narcotics, and crimes committed in a disaster or evacuated area [e.g., looting]).
Title 4. Inchoate Offenses
Chapter 15. Preparatory Offenses
Covers criminal attempt, criminal conspiracy, and criminal solicitation.
Chapter 16. Criminal Instruments, Interception of Wire or Oral Communication, and Installation of Tracking Device
Covers wiretapping, unauthorized computer network penetration, etc.
Title 5. Offenses Against the Person
Chapter 19. Criminal Homicide
Covers murder, capital murder, manslaughter, and criminally negligent homicide.
Chapter 20. Kidnapping, Unlawful Restraint, and Smuggling of Persons
Covers false arrest, kidnapping, ransom, and human trafficking.
Chapter 21. Sexual Offenses
Covers child sexual abuse, homosexual conduct (declared unconstitutional by Lawrence v. Texas in 2003), public lewdness, indecent exposure, bestiality, indecency with a child, sexual relationships between students and teachers, secret photography, unlawful disclosure or promotion of intimate visual material (see revenge porn), voyeurism, and sexual coercion (see webcam blackmailing).
Chapter 22. Assaultive Offenses
Covers assault, sexual assault (including rape, child rape, date rape and drug-facilitated sexual assault, etc.), and aggravated assault (includes assault with a deadly weapon, assault on a public servant, witness tampering, and drive-by shootings)
Title 6. Offenses Against the Family
Chapter 25. Offenses Against the Family
Covers bigamy, incest, interference with child custody, criminal nonsupport, harboring a runaway child, domestic violence, trafficking of children, etc.).
Title 7. Offenses Against Property
Chapter 28. Arson, Criminal Mischief, and Other Property Damage or Destruction
Also covers vandalism and graffiti.
Chapter 29. Robbery
Chapter 30. Burglary and Criminal Trespass
Chapter 31. Theft
Consolidates as simply "theft" distinct charges previously known as theft by false pretext, conversion by a bailee, theft from the person, shoplifting, acquisition of property by threat, swindling, swindling by worthless check, embezzlement, extortion, receiving or concealing embezzled property, and receiving or concealing stolen property. Also covers theft of trade secrets, vehicle theft, signal theft, EAS shielding and deactivation instruments (see booster bag), skimming, cargo theft, and petroleum theft.
Chapter 32. Fraud
Covers forgery, counterfeiting, carding, fraudulent loan applications, lottery scams and fake sweepstakes, essay mills, identity theft, etc.
Chapter 33. Computer Crimes
Covers hacking, phishing, online solicitation of a minor (see, e.g., To Catch a Predator), denial-of-service attacks and other cyber-attacks, ransomware, computer viruses, cryptovirology, etc.
Chapter 33A. Telecommunications Crime
Covers phone fraud, caller ID spoofing, etc.
Chapter 34. Money Laundering
Chapter 35. Insurance Fraud
Chapter 35A. Medicaid Fraud
Title 8. Offenses Against Public Administration
Chapter 36. Bribery and Corrupt Influence
Chapter 37. Perjury and Other Falsification
Chapter 38. Obstructing Governmental Operation
Chapter 39. Abuses of Office
Title 9. Offenses Against Public Order and Decency
Chapter 42. Disorderly Conduct and Related Offenses
Chapter 43. Public Indecency
Title 10. Offenses Against Public Health, Safety, and Morals
Chapter 46. Weapons
Chapter 47. Gambling
Chapter 48. Conduct Affecting Public Health
Chapter 49. Intoxication and Alcoholic Beverage Offenses
Covers driving, flying, and boating while intoxicated, vehicular manslaughter, etc.
Title 11. Organized Crime
Chapter 71. Organized Crime
Covers mafias, street gangs, crime bosses, etc.
References
Crime in Texas
Criminal codes
Texas law
El Norte ("The North") may refer to:
El Norte (film), 1983, directed by Gregory Nava
El Norte (Monterrey), a Mexican daily newspaper, published in the state of Nuevo Léon
El Norte, a gang in the television series Oz
El Norte, an album by the Gotan Project
El Norte (Region), an administrative district of the Spanish Empire created in 1776. Present-day northern Mexico and the Southwestern United States.
Sigdel () is a Hindu surname found in Nepal. Sigdel surname falls under Aatreya Clan(Sanskrit: गोत्र) like other surnames such as Poudel and Godar Thapa. People with this surname are living in different belts of Nepal such as Tanahun, Jhapa, Biratnagar, Makwanpur and Kavre.
Notable people with surname Sigdel include:
Aaryan Sigdel, Nepalese actor
Priya Sigdel, Nepalese beauty pageant titleholder
References
See also
List of most common surnames in Asia
Surnames of Nepalese origin
Khas surnames
The British Australian Oil Company Limited was a British-owned company—incorporated in 1910—that mined oil shale and produced shale oil and refined oil products, in New South Wales, Australia, during the years from 1911 to 1915.
Origins
The precursor of the company was the Australian Shale Syndicate Limited, which had been registered in 1895 and had purchased the remaining period of some 20-year oil shale leases, for £25,000. Until 1904, it had leased its oil shale properties to Australian Kerosene Oil & Mineral Company, for a royalty payment of seven shillings per ton of the shale mined. In 1905, it took over oil shale leases at Mount Temi near Murrurundi and from around 1906 it was verifying and planning to exploit that resource.
The presence there of oil shale had been known, since at latest around 1872. The seams of shale at Mount Temi were between four and six feet in total thickness, consisting of a lower seam of 'export quality' shale, around 22 inches thick and essaying 110 to 130 imperial gallons of crude oil per long ton, and an upper seam of lower-quality oil shale that was nonetheless viewed as suited to shale oil production, if worked in conjunction with the richer 'export quality' shale. By September 1908, the Australian Shale Syndicate had driven a main haulage tunnel over 400 m into the shale seam. By December 1906, it was seeking permission for the construction of a branch railway that would run along Elizabeth Street, Murrurundi, and was considering the means to bring the shale from Mount Temi over Page Mountain. In 1907, it was seeking to set up a company to raise capital.
In March 1910, the Australian Shale Syndicate sold its oil shale properties to a newly-floated British company, the Australian Oil Company, for £130,000. The new company had a nominal capital of £300,000, of which £170,000 was available as working capital. The Australian Oil Company—after finding that a company of that name already existed in Australia—changed its name, around mid-1910, to the British Australian Oil Company.
History of operation, technology, and products
The British Australian Oil Company's operations near Murrurundi consisted of a shale mine at Mount Temi (north of Murrurundi), a 3½ mile (5.6 km) long, 'Bleichert'-type double-rope aerial ropeway carrying mined shale, and retorts at the base of Page Mountain (close to Murrurundi). The retorts were vertical retorts of the 'Young and Fyfe' type. The retort site was connected via a one mile (1.6 km) long private branch railway, which passed over a twenty-span timber bridge that crossed Pages River and ended at an exchange siding near Temple Court railway station on the Main North railway line. The branch line was worked by a single tank locomotive owned by the company, the former NSWGR locomotive 353. Crude oil produced in the retorts was first stored in two large tanks, of 30,000 gallons each, and then sent in company-owned tank wagons to a refinery that was located in the Newcastle suburb of Hamilton. The retorts also produced ammonia, as a by-product, which was used to produce ammonium sulphate. For use in the process to produce the ammonia and for other purposes, water was drawn from Pages River, through a pipeline to a reservoir near the retorts. The refinery made kerosene, gas, lubricating oils, paraffin wax, greases, and other products. It was located west of Hamilton Junction.
The company also operated a mine close to the railway line south of Capertee—the Crown Ridge mine—from which oil shale was supplied for town gas enrichment, and also mined shale at Airly, in the same region.
Work on building the works at Murrurundi began in August 1910. In early 1912, the company remained optimistic; crude oil production had started later than originally planned, but nonetheless had commenced in October 1911, and products were in the market ahead of the date given in the prospectus. In April 1912, fifty tons of fuel oil was sold to the Royal Australian Navy to trial its suitability on the destroyer HMAS Parramatta.In November 1912, the company made a successful issue of debentures and raised £150,000. The money was to be used to increase the number of retorts, by adding two more benches of retorts, with the intention being to treble the production of crude oil. However, the company's managing director visited Australia, in mid 1913, and provided a pessimistic report to shareholders of the shale reserves and future prospects. The company was to claim that it had been severely impacted by a strike of its workers at Mount Temi and Murrurundi, in February 1913, which had resulted in the retorts needing to be stopped and allowed to cool. The type of retort design used at Murrurundi, 'Young and Fyfe', had a lower efficiency and higher operating cost than its contemporary, the 'Pumpherson retort.'
By mid 1913, British Australian Oil had produced nearly 2,000,000 gallons of oil and its product range included, "Benzoline, motor spirit, benzine, heavy naphtha, "Argollte" first-grade kerosene, "Temillto" second-grade kerosene, Pintsch gas-making kerosene, light gas oil, fuel oil, Diesel engine oil, light lubricating oil, medium lubricating oil, heavy lubricating oil, cylinder oil, still grease, axle grease, compounded lubricating oils, wood preserving oil, paraffin wax, sulphate of ammonia." The company used the brand name "Radix" for its motor spirit, which was among the earliest petrol car engine fuel produced commercially in Australia.
By October 1914, the expansion was complete, and once again there was optimism that profitable operation would be achieved. Ominously, it was foreshadowed that £20,000 to £50,000 more in capital may be needed. The workforce associated with the company's operations saw Murrurundi's population peak, around 1914. There was a small settlement, of company-owned cottages, near the Mount Temi mine site, where there was a provisional school from 1911 to 1915.
Demise and aftermath
In November 1914, the debenture holders appointed a receiver, although the company's management were insisting that this was only as a temporary measure, due to withdrawal of banking facilities in Australia. News that employees' wages had not been paid—potentially putting the debenture holdings at risk—appears to be what caused the debenture holders to bring in a receiver. A large fire at the Hamilton refinery, on 3 February 1915, was probably the last straw, because all operations at Murrurundi and Hamilton had closed by March 1915. Work had already ceased at the Crown Ridge mine, in the Capertee Valley, during February 1915.
After standing unused for several years, the assets were put up for sale in 1919, by the trustee for the debenture holders. In September 1922, it was announced by Commonwealth Oil Refineries that "a considerable portion of the British Australian Oil Company's plant at Newcastle and Murrurundi had been bought from the liquidators of that company, and transferred to the refinery site". They removed equipment from the refinery at Hamilton, during 1923, for reinstallation at their new oil refinery at Laverton, Victoria. It was not the end of the Hamilton oil works site, and it was being used again, by others, for shale oil production—using shale mined at Barigan—as late as the later years of the Second World War. The Hamilton refinery site later was used by Shell as a fuel depot, until 2014.
The British Australian Oil Company Limited, which had been in receivership since November 1914, was deregistered in 1923. Unlike its contemporary rival shale oil producer, Commonwealth Oil Corporation, it had not been overcapitalised, it had erected its retorts and refinery in sensible locations near to existing population centres and transport links, and it had erected its plant and entered operation quickly. Nonetheless, the company had been unable to operate profitably.
In 1923, Australian Shale Oil Pty Ltd took up the Mount Temi shale leases. The Australian Shale Oil Corporation Ltd. was formed in 1924, with the intention of using the capital raised in its float to exploit the Mt Temi resource, using the American-invented Bronder retorting process. However, before significant work was done at Murrurundi, the company was approached by the Tasmanian Government seeking to interest it in exploiting oil shale deposits in Tasmania. The company subsequently set up its mining and shale oil extraction operations, near Latrobe in the Mersey Valley area of Tasmania, and there was no revival of the oil shale industry at Murrurundi.
According to a contemporary report, the Murrurundi plant was partially dismantled around 1923—its aerial ropeway had been dismantled and sold, at some time prior to May 1923—but its final end seems to have come when the remaining plant was demolished in 1929, probably for scrap. The branch railway was lifted in 1931.
Remnants
A part of the branch railway's formation, between the existing Main North railway and Pages River, is still discernible, as a curved embankment. Another part of the old railway route is Elizabeth Street in Murrurundi. At the site of the retorts, on land to the north of modern-day Doughboy Street, in 2015, there were ruins of some brick structures and the foundation of the terminal point of the aerial ropeway. Otherwise, there is little remaining of the shale oil works at Murrurundi.
The collection of the Powerhouse Museum includes a piece of oil shale and 47 bottles containing oil samples, all produced by the British Australian Oil Company.
References
Defunct oil and gas companies of Australia
Shale oil companies of Australia
USA-177, also known as GPS IIR-11 and GPS SVN-59, is an American navigation satellite which forms part of the Global Positioning System. It was the eleventh Block IIR GPS satellite to be launched, out of thirteen in the original configuration, and twenty one overall. It was built by Lockheed Martin, using the AS-4000 satellite bus.
USA-177 was launched at 17:53:00 UTC on 20 March 2004, atop a Delta II carrier rocket, flight number D303, flying in the 7925-9.5 configuration. The launch took place from Space Launch Complex 17B at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, and placed USA-177 into a transfer orbit. The satellite raised itself into medium Earth orbit using a Star-37FM apogee motor.
By 20 May 2004, USA-177 was in an orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , a period of 718 minutes, and 55 degrees of inclination to the equator. It is used to broadcast the PRN 19 signal, and operates in slot 3 of plane C of the GPS constellation. The satellite has a mass of , and a design life of 10 years. As of 2012 it remains in service.
References
Spacecraft launched in 2004
GPS satellites
USA satellites
Bonefish Pond National Park is a national park in New Providence, the Bahamas. The park was established in 2002 and has an area of .
Flora and fauna
The park provides an important nursery for crawfish and conch. Prior to 2013, due to inappropriate waste disposal, an area of the park contained no fish. This wetland was restored with the planting of red mangroves, encouraging population by fish species including snapper, damselfish, needlefish, barracuda and bonefish.
References
National parks of the Bahamas
New Providence
Augustin Kambale is the head of the Bukima ranger patrol post, in the Mikeno sector of Virunga National Park in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Their patrol group has gained notoriety in recent years due to the importance of Virunga to conservationists, as it serves as the refuge for 100 of the world's 700 remaining silverback gorillas. It has also been subjected to numerous bloody attacks from rebels camped or residing outside of the park boundaries; since 1996, over 120 Virunga rangers have been murdered by rebels such as the Mai Mai and the forces of General Laurent Nkunda. However, Nkunda signed a ceasefire in February 2007 with the government in Kinshasa, thus allowing for the rangers at Virunga to focus more on their jobs as conservationists.
They also work with the efforts of WildlifeDirect and British conservationist Rob Muir.
Personal life
They were married in a religious ceremony to their wife, Josephine, in 1990, but didn't marry them in a civil ceremony until March 31, 2007, in Kiwanja, near Rutshuru.
References
External links
Wildlife Direct blog for Kambale and other Virunga rangers
BBC interview with Augustin Kambale
USAToday.com - Web charity helps save Congo's gorillas
Virunga National Park
Robert Berkeley (1713–1804) was an English political writer, who is assumed also to be a significant activist for Catholic emancipation of the 1770s.
Life
They were the son of Thomas Berkeley of Spetchley, Worcestershire, and their wife Mary, daughter and heiress of Robert Davis, of Clytha, Monmouthshire; the father was great-grandson of Sir Robert Berkeley, the 17th-century judge. They were presumed to have been behind the petition to George III, by Catholic nobility and gentry, presented in 1778. A consequence was the Papists Act 1778.
Thomas Phillips (1708–1774), biographer of Cardinal Pole, lived with Berkeley as their Catholic chaplain, from 1763 to 1765. Another chaplain at Spetchley was Thomas Falkner (around 1769 to 1771). Berkeley employed William Combe to edit Falkner's Description of Patagonia, in 1773.
Works
Berkeley published Considerations on the Oath of Supremacy, and Considerations on the Declaration against Transubstantiation, both addressed to Josiah Tucker, the Dean of Gloucester. These works were based on their conversations, and led to a correspondence between them. It is thought that Berkeley was also the author of several other works. Reasons for the Repeal of the Laws against the Papists, published by Berkeley, was attributed by Augustin De Backer to Thomas Phillips their chaplain.
Family
Berkeley married first Anne, co-heir of John Wyborne or Wybarne of Flixton, Norfolk. This marriage brought them manors in Essex, which were owned jointly with Anne's sister Catherine, married to Philip Jones of Llanarth Court. By an act of parliament of 1777 these manors were allowed to be put up for sale; which happened in 1788.
Secondly, Berkeley married Catharine, daughter of Thomas Fitzherbert, of Swynnerton, Staffordshire; and thirdly, Elizabeth, daughter of Peter Parry, of Twysog, in Denbighshire. Dying without issue on 20 December 1804, they were succeeded in the family estates by their nephew, Robert Berkeley (1764–1845). They had made additions to the house, including a dining room, but it was their successor who rebuilt Spetchley Park completely, in 1811.
Notes
Attribution
1713 births
1804 deaths
English writers
English Roman Catholics
People from Wychavon (district)
Writers from Worcestershire
Cameraria lentella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Quebec and Ontario in Canada, and Illinois, New Jersey, New York, Ohio, Arizona, Georgia, Maine, Maryland, Vermont, Connecticut and Washington in the United States.
The wingspan is 6.5–7 mm.
The larvae feed on Ostrya species (including Ostrya virginiana). They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a blotch mine on the upperside of the leaf. There are numerous longitudinal folds in the loosened epidermis at maturity, causing the opposite halves of the leaf to approach one another.
References
Cameraria (moth)
Moths described in 1908
Moths of North America
Lepidoptera of Canada
Taxa named by Annette Frances Braun
Leaf miners
Lepidoptera of the United States
Acrocercops apicepunctella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae, known from Saint Vincent and the Grenadines. It was named by Thomas de Grey, 6th Baron Walsingham in 1891.
References
apicepunctella
Moths of the Caribbean
Moths described in 1891
East Dover is a rural community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia on the Chebucto Peninsula. It was probably named for Dover in Kent, England.
References
Explore HRM
Communities in Halifax, Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
The Bangladesh Golf Federation is the national federation for golf and is responsible for governing the sport in Bangladesh. SM Shafiuddin Ahmed, Chief of Army Staff of the Bangladesh Army, is the president of Bangladesh Golf Federation. Major General Md Zahirul Islam, ndc, psc is the vice-president and Brigadier General Md Tajul Islam Thakur is the general secretary of the federation respectively.
History
The Bangladesh Golf Federation was established in 2001. The Bangladesh Golf Federation is associated with the Bangladesh Olympic Association. It is under the National Sports Council of the Ministry of Youth and Sports. The federation has 14 golf clubs associated with it. The clubs associated with it are Army Golf Club, Bangladesh Ordnance Factory Golf Club, Bhatiary Golf and Country Club, Bogra Golf Club, Cox's Bazar Golf and Country Club, Chengi Golf and Country Club, Ghatail Golf Club, Jashore Golf and Country Club, Kurmitola Golf Club, Mainamati Golf and Country Club, Rangpur Golf Club, Shaheen Golf and Country Club and Savar Golf Club.
References
Golf in Bangladesh
Golf associations
National members of the Asia Pacific Golf Confederation
1998 establishments in Bangladesh
Sports organizations established in 1998
Golf
Organisations based in Dhaka
Huanggang is a city in Hubei, China.
Huanggang may also refer to:
Huanggang, Shenzhen, an area in Shenzhen, China
Huanggang, Funan County, a town in Anhui, China
Huanggang, Raoping County (), a town in Raoping County, Chaohou, Guangdong, China
Jake Roberts is an English film editor.  They are best known for their works on films Citadel (2012), Starred Up (2013), The Riot Club (2014) and Brooklyn (2015). For Hell or High Water (2016), Roberts was nominated (among several honors) for an Independent Spirit Award and the Academy Award for Best Film Editing at the 89th Academy Awards.
Filmography
As an editor
Civil War (TBA)
Men (2022)
You Resemble Me (2021)
Devs (TV Mini-Series, 2020)
Outlaw King (2018)
The Hitman's Bodyguard (2017)
Trespass Against Us (2016)
Hell or High Water (2016)
Mr. Burberry (Short, 2016)
Kanye West: All Day/I Feel Like That (Short, 2015)
Pressure (2015)
Brooklyn (2015)
The Riot Club (2014)
Starred Up (2013)
Skins (TV Series, 2013)
Foxy and Marina (Short, 2013)
Misfit Misfits (TV Series) (3 episodes, 2012)
Citadel (2012)
Tonight You're Mine (2011)
Perfect Sense (2011)
Donkeys (2010)
I Love Luci (Short, 2010)
The Week We Went to War]] (TV Series documentary) (5 episodes, 2009)
Personal Affairs (2 episodes, 2009)
Stacked (TV Movie, 2008)
Shot in Bombay (Documentary, 2008)
Office Tigers (Documentary, 2006)
Long Way Round (TV Mini-Series documentary) (3 episodes, 2004)
The Last Great Wilderness (2002)
Small Moments (Short, 2001)
Somersault (Short, 2001)
Accolades
See also
List of film director and editor collaborations
References
External links
1977 births
Living people
English film editors
Sadaaki Konishi (1916–1949) was a Lieutenant in the Imperial Japanese Army during World War II.
Biography
Konishi was a Lieutenant in the IJA, and was the second-in-command over an internment camp at the University of the Philippines at Los Baños in Laguna province, Philippines.
They were cruel to the prisoners interned there, withholding salt in order to give cramps to the internees, and also cutting the food rations for all of the people who were held there as prisoners. They went so far as to dump a truck load of fruit on the asphalt behind the camp, telling the prisoners that if they wanted any food, they would have to go to the ground and eat it. But in the extreme heat, the fruit rotted in the pile, and it was well beyond scavenging. This was because of their racism, as one internee told US interviewers that they called themselves the "strongest white race hater in the army".
On February 23, 1945, units of the U.S. 11th Airborne Division, the 503d Infantry Regiment (United States) and the Filipino guerillas attacked the camp, trying to liberate most of the prisoners. Most of the prisoners were extricated, but Konishi escaped. They returned a few days later with a force of men, but by then the camp was empty. The Japanese massacred some 1,500 men, women, and children in adjacent towns which they suspected of collaborating with the liberators. Konishi was later tried for war crimes and convicted in the Philippines (1946-1947) and hanged in Japan.
References
Bibliography
Detailed narratives, from documents, about their conduct as commander in Los Baños, their trial, their incarceration and execution, and the misinformation about their fate are available in Henderson, Bruce, 2015, Rescue at Los Baños: the most daring prison camp raid of World War II, New York: William Morrow, HarperCollins, 2015. . .
Further reading
Arthur, Anthony, Deliverance at Los Baños, Thomas Dunne/St. Martin's, 1985.
Flanagan, Edward, The Los Baños Raid: the 11th Airborne jumps at dawn, Presidio, 1986.
Holm, Jeremy C., When Angels Fall: From Toccoa to Tokyo, the 511th Parachute Infantry Regiment in World War II, Amazon, 2019.
Rottman, G.L., The Los Baños Prison Camp Raid, Oxford: Osprey, 2010.
Japanese military personnel of World War II
1916 births
1949 deaths
Japanese people convicted of war crimes
Derventa () is a city located in Republika Srpska, an entity of Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is situated in the Posavina region, northwest of the city of Doboj. As of 2013, the town has a total of 11,631 inhabitants, while the municipality has 27,404 inhabitants.
Geography
The Derventa municipality borders with Brod, Modriča, Doboj, Stanari, Prnjavor and Srbac, as well as Croatia across the Sava river. It has an area of .
The town of Derventa lies on the river Ukrina, and roads lead from it to Brod, Kotorsko (Doboj), Prnjavor (Banja Luka) and Srbac.
The town has a suburb called Derventski Lug which has grown substantially in recent years due to growth of Municipality.
History
From 1929 to 1939, Derventa was part of the Vrbas Banovina and from 1939 to 1941 of the Banovina of Croatia within the Kingdom of Yugoslavia.
Prior to the Bosnian War, there was a significant population of ethnic Croats within Derventa, while the majority were Bosniaks. When the war started, some of the prominent Serbs within the town took up certain positions of power. During the war, the major fighting factions were the HVO and the VRS, with some units from the ARBiH participating in the conflict. The HVO lost control of Derventa after Operacija Koridor '92 by the VRS and they were pushed up north, and as a result of the battle most of the Croats and Bosniaks were ethnically cleansed from the area, and Serb refugees from war-affected regions shortly settled in the town.
After the Dayton Agreement in 1995, some Bosniak and Croat refugees returned to Derventa.
Settlements
Aside from the town of Derventa, the municipality and consists of 56 following settlements:
Demography
Population
Ethnic composition
Economy
The following table gives a preview of total number of registered people employed in legal entities per their core activity (as of 2018):
Sports
The most popular sport in Derventa is football and the town has a long footballing tradition. Derventa's first football club was formed in 1919 under the name FK Dečko. Several other sports associations formed in Derventa prior to the outbreak of the Second World War. The war caused the dissolution of all previous clubs in Derventa and the formation of FK Tekstilac, who merged with FK Dečko. FK Tekstilac still competes today in the First League of the Republika Srpska and its home ground is Gradski Stadion FK Tekstilac, which has an attendance capacity of around 500 spectators. Derventa's most successful sports team is RK Derventa, which currently competes in the Premier league of Bosnia and Herzegovina for handball, which is the nation's top professional handball division. Derventa is known throughout the region for its tradition of handball excellence, creating many great players as well as having a very successful club given that it is such a small town.
Notable people
Vedran Ćorluka (born 1986), footballer
Mile Kitić (born 1952), folk singer
Miroslav Pejić (born 1986), footballer
Mario Tokić (born 1975), footballer
Ivan Martić (born 1990), footballer
Abaz Arslanagić (born 1944), handball player and coach
Muhamed Memić (born 1960), handball player
Sulejman Medenčević (born 1963), cinematographer
Senad Lupić (born 1966), footballer
Zoran Rankić (1935–2019), actor
Alojz Benac (1914–1992), archaeologist
Twin Town – Sister City
Derventa is twinned with:
Pinerolo, Italy
References
External links
Populated places in Derventa
Municipalities of Republika Srpska
The Kun Iam Temple (, ) is a temple in Nossa Senhora de Fátima, Macau, China. It is one of the three largest and richest Buddhist temples in Macau and its more official name is "Pou Chai Sim Un" (Pou Chai Temple, ). It is regarded as one of the oldest temples in Macau and was founded in the 13th century to venerate Kun Iam, the Chinese representation of Avalokiteshvara, the Bodhisattva of Mercy.
Structure
The current buildings of the temple were built in 1627, as witnessed by a patio slab where it is written in Chinese: "Built in the seventh month of the seventh year of the reign of Emperor Tian Qi". The temple is located in Coronel Mesquita Avenue, in the Parish of Our Lady of Fatima, close to Mong Ha and Temples of Kun Iam Tchai and Seng Wong.
The temple has a large entrance gate and roofs decorated with porcelain figures. Inside the temple, there are 3 main pavilions. These pavilions are dedicated, respectively, to the Precious Buddhas, the Buddha of Longevity and Kun Iam. In the third pavilion, statue of Kun Iam is dressed in embroidered silk and decorated with a crown. To the rear, are terraced gardens, and one of them contains a commemorative arch. There are calligraphy scrolls and Chinese painting inside the temple of famous authors such as, Qu Dajun. During World War II, the Chinese painter Gao Jianfu lived and taught in the temple.
It was precisely at a stone table located in the gardens of the temple which was signed the first Sino-American Treaty on July 3, 1844 by the Viceroy of Liangguang Keying and the US Minister Plenipotentiary Caleb Cushing. This treaty is known as the "Sino-American Treaty of Mong Ha". Near the table, there are 4 older trees with intertwined branches, best known for "tree lovers" and that symbolise marital fidelity. Elsewhere in the garden there are a small pavilion that contains a marble statue of a monk, several sources in the form of miniature Chinese landscapes, groves of bamboo and small shrines to deceased monks.
The birthday of Kun Iam is celebrated on the 19th day of the second, sixth, ninth and eleventh lunar months.
See also
References
Buddhist temples in Macau
Religious buildings and structures completed in 1627
1627 establishments in China
1627 establishments in the Portuguese Empire
17th-century establishments in Macau
17th-century Buddhist temples
Statistics of Bahraini Premier League in the 1977–78 season.
Overview
Bahrain Club won the championship.
References
RSSSF
Bahraini Premier League seasons
Bah
football
Jorge Cepernic (23 February 1915 – 18 July 2010) was an Argentine politician and Governor of Santa Cruz Province between 1973 and 1974.
In 1974, during Isabel Perón's term in office, they were removed from office.
Afterwards, they were given a five-year jail sentence at the Magdalena jail for allowing the filming of Rebellion in Patagonia during their tenure in office. They were then forced into house arrest with their family in their farm nearby El Calafate. One day they escaped and managed to arrive to a police station, where they waited for the chief of police and asked them to have them removed from their house arrest and sent to a prison so that their family would not be victims of their sentence.
On 18 July 2010, Jorge died in their house in Río Gallegos after a long illness at the age of 95.
The Santa Cruz governor Daniel Peralta declared provincial mourning for three days.
References
1915 births
2010 deaths
People from Río Gallegos, Santa Cruz
Argentine people of Croatian descent
Governors of Santa Cruz Province, Argentina
The 2000 All-Ireland Minor Football Championship was the 69th staging of the All-Ireland Minor Football Championship, the Gaelic Athletic Association's premier inter-county Gaelic football tournament for boys under the age of 18.
Down entered the championship as defending champions, however, they were defeated in the Ulster Championship.
On 24 September 2000, Cork won the championship following a 2-12 to 0-13 defeat of Mayo in the All-Ireland final. This was their 10th All-Ireland title overall and their first title in seven championship seasons.
Results
Connacht Minor Football Championship
Quarter-final
Semi-final
Final
Leinster Minor Football Championship
Rob robin
Semi-finals
Final
Munster Minor Football Championship
Rob robin
Semi-finals
Final
Ulster Minor Football Championship
Preliminary round
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Final
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Semi-finals
Final
References
2000
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Dayanand Rayu Mandrekar is an Indian politician from the state of Goa. They were a four term member of the Goa Legislative Assembly representing the Siolim constituency.
Political career
Dayanand Mandrekar was first elected to the Goa Legislative Assembly in the 1999 Goa Legislative Assembly election from the
Siolim constituency as a candidate of the Bharatiya Janata Party. They retained the Siolim in the 2002, 2007 and 2012 Assembly elections. They were disqualified in 2005 by the Bombay High Court for holding an office of profit and the conviction upheld by the Supreme Court of India, as a result of which Mandrekar lost their office.
The Bharatiya Janata Party led by Manohar Parrikar formed the government in Goa in 2002 after the Goa Legislative Assembly. Dayanand Mandrekar served as the Cabinet Minister in the government led by Parrikar from 3 June 2002 to 2 February 2005 and was allotted the portfolios of Agriculture, Animal Husbandry & Veterinary Services and Non-Conventional Source of Energy. When the Bharatiya Janata Party regained power post the 2012 election, Mandrekar was inducted as a Cabinet Minister. They were allotted the portfolios of Water Resources, Civil Supplies & Price Control and At & Culture
After Manohar Parrikar was appointed the Union Minister of Defence, Laxmikant Parsekar succeeded Parrikar as the Chief Minister of Goa. Mandrekar served as a Cabinet Minister in the government Laxmikant Parsekar and held the portfolios of Panchayats, Civil Supplies and Price Control, Water Resources, Archives & Archaeology and Art & Culture. In a cabinet reshuffle held in October 2015, Mandrekar was stripped of the Panchayats portfolio and the same was allotted to Rajendra Arlekar. Mandrekar expressed their displeasure stating that they were not consulted before discharging them of the Panchayat portfolio. They stated that while they were not upset about the portfolio being taken away, they were unhappy because they were not consulted by the Chief Minister Laxmikant Parsekar prior to the same.
In December 2016, Mandrekar was allotted the portfolio of Archives and Archeology.
Mandrekar also served as the Chairman of the Khadi and Village Industries Board. They were the Chairman of the Goa Meat Complex Ltd. and a member of the North Goa Zilla Panchayat.
They lost the 2017 Goa Legislative Assembly election to Goa Forward Party's Vinoda Paliencar.
Controversy
As the Art & Culture Minister they compared Nigerians to ‘cancer' in Goa. They later apologized for their statement.
External links
Goa councle of ministers
References
Members of the Goa Legislative Assembly
Bharatiya Janata Party politicians from Goa
Living people
People from North Goa district
Year of birth missing (living people)
Sporting Cheminot de Pratiques Omnisports or simply SCPO is a French basketball club based in Paris, now disappeared from the top-level.
History
In 1919 founded the multi-sports Sporting Club de Paris Orleans, a sports club of railwaymen which consists of 4 sections. In 1932 created the basketball section under the patronage of the backbone of Sportive d'Ivry-Port. In 1936 created the National Society of French Railways (SNCF) and the SCPO then changes its name to Sporting Club de Préparation Olympique. The club under the new name became champion of France in 1935-36 and 1937-38 beating Métro during two final games. In 1966 the basketball section disappears to reappear in 1999. In 1972 SCPO again changes its name to the Sporting Cheminot de Pratiques Omnisports.
Honours
French League
Winners (2): 1935-36, 1937-38
Notable players
Jean Deffin
André Despagne
Henri Le Men
Georges Daeschler
Jean Pierre Meilhat
Pierre Roussel
Georges Gizolmes
Notable coaches
Henri Le Men
Roger Bracon
Basketball teams in Paris
Basketball teams established in 1932
Basketball teams established in 1919
Enn Soosaar (13 February 1937 in Tallinn – 10 February 2010 in Keila) was an Estonian translator, critic, columnist and publicist. Soosaar translated the works of many American authors, including Ernest Hemingway, William Faulkner, and Saul Bellow into Estonian and was instrumental in introducing American literature to an Estonian audience. Soosaar was awarded an honorary doctorate from the University of Tallinn. In February 1997, the Order of the National Coat of Arms, Class IV was bestowed on him.
From 1944 to 1951, Soosaar studied at Hageri's 7-grade school, after which they attended high school from 1951 to 1954 at Tallinn's Second Gymnasium. From 1955 to 1956, they studied at the Tallinn Correspondence School. In 1964, they graduated from the distance education program at the Tartu State University with a degree in English philology.
References
External links
The President of Estonia's tribute to Enn Soosaar
1937 births
2010 deaths
People from Tallinn
Estonian translators
Translators to Estonian
Recipients of the Order of the National Coat of Arms, 4th Class
University of Tartu alumni
20th-century translators
Recipients of the Order of the White Star, 3rd Class
Mikhaylovka () is a rural locality () in Bolsheannenkovsky Selsoviet Rural Settlement, Fatezhsky District, Kursk Oblast, Russia. Population:
References
Notes
Sources
Rural localities in Fatezhsky District
Eduard Weitz (אדוארד וייץ; also "Edward"; born April 16, 1946) is an Israeli former Olympic weightlifter.
Weitz was born in Chernihiv, in the Soviet Union. They were ranked in the top 5 in the Soviet Union, before they made aliyah (emigrated) to Israel in 1974.
Career
They competed for Israel at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, in Weightlifting—Men's Featherweight. Weitz placed 5th, with a combined lift of 578.7 pounds (262.5 kg; 110.0 kg in the snatch, and 152.5 kg in the clean and jerk), behind the bronze medalist Kazumasa Hirai of Japan's combined lift of 275.0 kg. It was then the closest Israel had ever come to winning an Olympic medal. At the time, they were 5-2.5 (160 cm) tall, and weighed 130 lbs (59 kg).
Weitz won the gold medal in the featherweight division at the 1976 Asian Games, with a combined lift of 260 kg. They were Israel's Sportsman of the Year that year.
In 1998, Weitz was honored as one of the top 50 athletes in Israel's history.
References
1946 births
Living people
Israeli male weightlifters
Sportspeople from Chernihiv
Jewish Ukrainian sportspeople
Soviet Jews
Israeli Jews
Olympic weightlifters of Israel
Ukrainian emigrants to Israel
Soviet emigrants to Israel
Jewish weightlifters
Soviet male weightlifters
Ukrainian male weightlifters
Weightlifters at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Temminck's seedeater (Sporophila falcirostris) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.
It is found in eastern South America, mainly in far northeastern Argentina and along the southeastern Brazilian coastline. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest. It is threatened by habitat loss.
This bird's common name commemorates the Dutch naturalist Coenraad Jacob Temminck.
References
Temminck's seedeater
Birds of Argentina
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
Temminck's seedeater
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Certificate IV in TESOL is a qualification for those entering the field of Teaching English as a foreign or second language. Certificate IV in TESOL courses are delivered by a number of Australian Registered training organisations (RTOs), with the qualification being recognised within the Australian Qualifications Framework (AQF).
The Certificate IV in TESOL is also recognised by The Australian National ELT (English Language Teaching) Accreditation Scheme (NEAS) based on it meeting or exceeding NEAS's minimal TESOL certification standards for English Language Teaching. These criteria, which the Certificate IV in TESOL generally meets or exceeds, include:
no less than 100 contact hours, or the equivalent in Distance Education programs, with a content focus on English language, language learning, TESOL teaching;
a practical component including at least six hours supervised and assessed practice teaching in TESOL and;
approved/awarded by a university, approved by government, or a recognised TESOL program such as the Cambridge Certificate of English Language Teaching to Adults (CELTA).
Standardisation
There is a standardisation procedure undertaken during the accreditation process for each Certificate IV in TESOL course - each newly accredited course is monitored by a Community Development Advisory Committee (CDAC). In each case, the CDAC includes reputable members from the English Language Teaching (ELT) industry, thus ensuring that modern ELT methodology and practices are integrated into the design, and that the course meets the NEAS Australia requirements.
The Certificate IV in TESOL course is not available to RTOs as an 'off the shelf' training package by the Australian Qualifications Framework because there is not yet (June, 2011) an AQF TESOL training package. Therefore, each provider designs and registers their own 'enterprise' version. This allows for variation in content and delivery format, as standardised by the CDAC.
The NEAS Australia Criteria are very similar to the Accreditation UK criteria for a first-level TEFL qualifications for teachers who want to enter the ELT profession (as listed by the British Council under Teachers' qualifications guidance).
The National Training Information Service (NTIS) provides a database on vocational education and training in Australia. NTIS is the official national register of information on Training Packages, Qualifications, Courses, Units of Competency and Registered Training Organisations (RTOs) and has been developed for experienced training sector users.
References
External links
training.gov.au
English as a second or foreign language
Qualifications
Professional titles and certifications
The 1978 Brent Council election took place on 4 May 1978 to elect members of Brent London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Labour party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1978
1978 London Borough council elections
Antwan Tabari Lake (born July 10, 1979) is a former American football defensive tackle. They were signed by the Detroit Lions as an undrafted free agent in 2002. They played college football at West Virginia.
Lake has also played for the Atlanta Falcons and New Orleans Saints.
College career
Antwan Lake enrolled at West Virginia University in 1998. They played outside linebacker their first-year student season, recording 9 tackles, a forced fumble, a fumble recovery, and 3 sacks.
As a sophomore, in 1999, Lake shifted to defensive tackle. That season, they totaled 39 tackles and three sacks. As a junior, 2000, hr only recorded 13 tackles and one sack. In their final season, 2001, hr recorded 26 tackles and 3 sacks. In their career, the three-year starter totaled 87 tackles, 10 sacks, and 15 tackles-for-a-loss.
Professional career
Detroit Lions
After being undrafted in the 2002 NFL Draft, Antwan Lake joined the Detroit Lions. They played in nine games as a rookie, recording two tackles.
Atlanta Falcons
After their rookie season with Detroit, Lake was signed by the Atlanta Falcons on December 21, 2003. They did not see playing time for the rest of the 2003 season.
In 2004, Lake played in every game on the season. They recorded 17 tackles and deflected a pass on the season.
In 2005, Antwan Lake recorded 21 tackles, 3.5 sacks, two forced fumbles, and a safety while playing in 13 games on the season.
New Orleans Saints
After being cut from Atlanta in 2005, Lake was picked up by the New Orleans Saints in 2006. They played in 15 games that season, totaling 15 tackles, one sack, and a pass deflection.
In 2007, Lake totaled 18 tackles, one sack, and four safeties.
External links
Just Sports Stats
1979 births
Living people
People from Cambridge, Maryland
People from Seaford, Delaware
American football defensive tackles
West Virginia Mountaineers football players
Detroit Lions players
Atlanta Falcons players
New Orleans Saints players
Las Vegas Locomotives players
Kamelen Island is an island about high, lying southwest of the Einstøding Islands in the northern part of the Stanton Group, Antarctica. This island was mapped from air photographs by the Lars Christensen Expedition (1936–37) and named Kamelen (the camel).
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
References
Islands of Mac. Robertson Land
WOFM is a non-commercial, non-profit Christian radio station broadcasting on 89.1 MHz in the Knoxville, Tennessee area.
WYLV began in February 1993 broadcasting on 89.1 FM with programming from the Morning Star network. In September 1999, the station changed to a local format with onsite staff and DJs.
On January 1, 2011, WOEZ became an affiliate of the Air 1 network after being sold to Educational Media Foundation. Later in January, the WYLV call letters were moved to the 88.3 frequency, as an affiliate of the K-LOVE network. At that time, Air 1 moved to WOFM, which had been WYLV.
External links
Air1 radio stations
Alcoa, Tennessee
OFM (FM)
Radio stations established in 1993
1993 establishments in Tennessee
Educational Media Foundation radio stations
OFM
The Grigorovich MU-2 was a trainer flying boat built in the Soviet Union in the mid-1920s. It was designed by the Grigorovich Design Bureau after the failure of the Grigorovich MUR-1, featuring an all-metal hull. However, it was never put into production due to poor performance and sluggish take-off behavior.
Specifications
References
Bibliography
1920s Soviet patrol aircraft
Flying boats
High-wing aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1928
The Swedish general strike () of August 4 to September 4, 1909, was a general work stoppage by over 300,000 individuals all over Sweden. It was the first major conflict between the Swedish Trade Union Confederation (), and the Swedish Employers Association (). The losses to employers was estimated to be around 25 million Swedish kronor.
Recession was having a negative impact on many companies and the SAF therefore wanted to lower wages. A lockout of 80,000 workers in the textile-, sawmill- and pulp industry was put in effect. The LO answered with a call for general strike. Only healthcare workers and a few other skeleton professions were exempt from the strike.
Funds were short and forced the union to end the strike after a month, resulting in major membership losses. The LO lost almost half of its members, some to the newly formed anarcho-syndicalist Central Organisation of the Workers of Sweden. The anarcho-syndicalists argued that the management of the LO had handled the strike half-heartedly and only started it to curb its members' more radical stance. Employers also took the opportunity to lay off approximately 20,000 workers, which also contributed to mass defections from LO when workers were forced to leave the union to keep their jobs. Emigration also rose as a consequence of the strike.
The failure of the general strike formed an important backdrop to the Saltsjöbaden Agreement of 1938.
External links
Tony Cliff, Patterns of mass strike
1909 labor disputes and strikes
General strikes in Europe
Labor history
Swedish Trade Union Confederation
Social history of Sweden
1909 in Sweden
Labor in Sweden
August 1909 events
September 1909 events
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1540.
Events
July 22 – Klemens Janicki is appointed poeta laureatus by Pope Paul III.
December 13 – John Standish's religious work is printed by Elisabeth Pickering, the first work known to be printed in London by a woman.
unknown dates
The first known book from the first printing press in North America, set up in Mexico City, is published, Manual de Adultos.
Sir David Lyndsay's Middle Scots satirical morality play A Satire of the Three Estates is given a private first performance.
Lazare de Baif travels with Pierre de Ronsard to Alsace, where they meet northern humanists.
New books
Prose
Garci Rodríguez de Montalvo – Amadis de Gaula Book 1 (translated into French by Nicolas de Herberay des Essarts at request of Francis I of France)
Hector Boece – Historia Scotorum (translated into Middle Scots by John Bellenden at request of James V of Scotland)
Rösslin – The Byrth of Mankynde (, translation attributed to Richard Jonas)
Georg Joachim Rheticus – De libris revolutionum Copernici narratio prima (abstract of Copernicus' De revolutionibus orbium coelestium)
Poetry
Tontada Siddhesavara – Shatsthala Jnanamrita
Souterliedekens (Dutch metrical psalter dedicated to and perhaps compiled by Willem van Zuylen van Nijevelt)
Approximate year
Sir Thomas More – Lady Fortune
Girolamo Schola –
Births
January 26 – Florent Chrestien, French satirist and Latin poet (died 1596)
June 11 – Barnabe Googe, English pastoral poet and translator (died 1594)
unknown dates
Pierre de Bourdeille, seigneur de Brantôme, French soldier, historian and poet (died 1614)
Rhys Cain, Welsh-language poet (died 1614)
Frei Agostinho da Cruz (brother of Diogo Bernardes), Portuguese poet (died 1619)
Deaths
May 6 – Juan Luis Vives, Spanish humanist polymath (born 1493)
May 22 – Francesco Guicciardini, Italian historian and statesman (born 1483)
October 5 – Helius Eobanus Hessus, German Latin poet (born 1488)
October – Robert Redman, London printer
References
1540
1540 books
Renaissance literature
Early Modern literature
Years of the 16th century in literature
Benjamin Chang is the vice president for communications and spokesperson for Columbia University. They previously worked in communications at Princeton University, in public relations at Burson Cohn & Wolfe, and as vice president and events editor for the Los Angeles Times. Previously, they served as Associate Administrator for Communications and Public Liaison at the Small Business Administration. From 2012 to 2015, they were the Senior Vice President for Communications at the Albright Stonebridge Group.
Chang served as a career Foreign Service Officer at the Department of State for almost 18 years. They worked in the Department of State's Bureau of Public Affairs as Senior Advisor for Strategic Planning and Crisis Communications, and as the Director for Press and Communications at the National Security Council during both the Bush and Obama Administrations.
Background and education
In high school, Chang visited both Central America and the former Soviet Union, where they developed an interest in international relations.
They attended Georgetown University, where they graduated from the School of Foreign Service.
Foreign Service Officer career
Chang has served as a Foreign Service Officer in the State Department, with postings in El Salvador, Paris at the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, in New York at the United Nations, and in Washington, D.C., working at for Secretaries Albright and Powell.
From 2004 to 2008, they were Deputy Spokesman on Richard Grenell's staff at the United States Mission to the United Nations.
In 2012, Chang served as principal of the Podesta Group, a lobbying and public affairs firm.
Personal life
Chang is a photographer and DJ. As a photographer, Chang specializes in documentary-style backstage photography in both the fashion and music worlds.
Chang was named one of PAPER Magazine's 64 Most Beautiful People of 2008 and one of Politico's "50 to Watch" in 2013. They spoke about letting their personal passions impact their "day job" in their closing remarks at TEDxAix in 2014.
References
External links
Washington Diplomat Article
On the Inside Bio
NY Daily News Article
Politico's "Click" profile by Amie Parnes
Living people
Walsh School of Foreign Service alumni
United States Department of State officials
American diplomats
Year of birth missing (living people)
Hasslers Mill is an unincorporated community in Murray County, in the U.S. state of Georgia.
History
A post office was established at Hasslers Mill in 1836, and remained in operation until 1909. The community was named after one William Hassler. Variant names are "Hasler Mill" and "Hassler Mill".
References
Unincorporated communities in Murray County, Georgia
Unincorporated communities in Georgia (U.S. state)
Patrick Wymark (11 July 192620 October 1970) was an English stage, film and television actor.
Early life
Wymark was born Patrick Carl Cheeseman in Cleethorpes, Lincolnshire. They were brought up in neighbouring Grimsby and frequently revisited the area at the height of their career. They were educated at St Mary's Catholic School and Wintringham Boys' Grammar School in Grimsby, before joining the Royal Navy and serving as a midshipman in the Mediterranean. On leaving the navy, they received a government grant to study at University College London, where they read English and performed in the university's dramatic society.
Career
Wymark dropped out of university to train at the Bristol Old Vic Theatre School and making their first stage appearance in a walk-on part in Othello in 1951. They toured South Africa the following year and then directed plays for the drama department at Stanford University, California.
After moving to the Shakespeare Memorial Theatre in Stratford-upon-Avon, Wymark played a wide range of Shakespearean roles, including Dogberry in Much Ado About Nothing, Stephano in The Tempest, Marullus in Julius Caesar and Bottom in A Midsummer Night's Dream. Other stage credits included the title role in Danton's Death and, with the Royal Shakespeare Company (RSC), Ephihodov in The Cherry Orchard. Their theatre roles also included Bosola in a RSC production of John Webster's The Duchess of Malfi in 1960.
In television, Wymark was best known for their role as the machiavellian business person John Wilder in the twin drama series The Plane Makers and The Power Game (which were broadcast from 1963 to 1969), which led to offers of real company directorships and the British Academy Television Award for Best Actor in 1965. However, Wymark was a gentle person in real life and was, by their own admission, ignorant of business matters. They considered the character of Wilder a "bastard" and was described by their wife Olwen as "the most inefficient, dreamy muddler in the world." In the mid-1960s, Wymark was considered as the replacement for William Hartnell in the title role of Doctor Who.
Wymark's film appearances included: Children of the Damned (1964), Operation Crossbow (1965), Repulsion (1965), Where Eagles Dare (1968), Witchfinder General (1968), Battle of Britain (1969), Doppelgänger (1969), The Blood on Satan's Claw (1970) and Cromwell (1970)
Personal life
Wymark married American playwright Olwen Buck (known as Olwen Wymark) in 1953; the couple met while both were students at University College, London. They took their acting name from their wife's paternal grandfather, the writer William Wymark Jacobs. The couple lived near Parliament Hill in Hampstead, London, and had four children, including the future actor Jane Wymark.
Wymark died suddenly in Melbourne, Australia on 20 October 1970, aged 44, of a heart attack in the hotel room in which they were staying. They had been due to star in the play Sleuth at the Comedy Theatre three days later. On the night of their death, they were to appear on the TV variety programme In Melbourne Tonight. He, guest Richard Deacon and host Stuart Wagstaff had just appeared together in a TV production of Hans Christian Andersen stories, and their non-appearance led to several jokes by Wagstaff and Deacon. Host Wagstaff was informed of Wymark's death mid-way through the programme and announced it at the end.
They were buried at Highgate Cemetery in London. Wymark View—located in their home town, Grimsby—is named after him.
Selected filmography
The League of Gentlemen (1960) as Wylie
The Criminal (1960) as Sol
West 11 (1963) as Father Hogan
Dr. Syn, Alias the Scarecrow (1963) as Joseph Ransley
Children of the Damned (1964) as Commander
The Secret of Blood Island (1964) as Major Jocomo
Operation Crossbow (1965) as Prime Minister Winston Churchill
Repulsion (1965) as Landlord
The Skull (1965) as Marco
The Psychopath (1966) as Inspector Holloway
Woman Times Seven (1967) as Henri (segment "At The Opera")
Tell Me Lies (1968) as Guest
Witchfinder General (1968) as Cromwell
Where Eagles Dare (1968) as Colonel Wyatt Turner
Doppelgänger (1969) (alternative title: Journey to the Far Side of the Sun) as Jason Webb
Battle of Britain (1969) as Air Vice Marshal Trafford Leigh-Mallory
Cromwell (1970) as The Earl of Strafford
The Blood on Satan's Claw (1970) as The Judge
(1972) as Christian Holm (final film role)
References
External links
1926 births
1970 deaths
20th-century English male actors
Male actors from Lincolnshire
Alumni of University College London
Alumni of Bristol Old Vic Theatre School
Best Actor BAFTA Award (television) winners
Burials at Highgate Cemetery
English male film actors
English male stage actors
English male television actors
English people of Finnish descent
English theatre directors
People from Cleethorpes
People from Grimsby
Royal Navy personnel of World War II
Royal Shakespeare Company members
English Roman Catholics
From Holmes to Sherlock: The Story of the Men and Women Who Created an Icon is a non-fiction book by Mattias Boström which explores the history of Sherlock Holmes and Sherlock fandom, originally published in 2017. It was nominated for an Edgar Award in the category of "Best Critical/Biographical" by the Mystery Writers of America. It won an Agatha Award for "Best Nonfiction" in 2018.
The book was originally published in Swedish. The English edition is translated by Michael Gallagher.
Reception
Michael Dirda, writing for The Washington Post, called the book "the best account of Baker Street mania ever written. Really." Publishers Weekly called the book an "exhaustive study of the 130-year Sherlock Holmes phenomenon" and said "The informal, accessible style of Gallagher's translation makes for an easy, if lengthy, read." Kirkus Reviews called the book "A spirited account of how Sherlock became a household name." Newsday called it "a book hard-core fans will eat up".
The book was part of Tom Nolan's year-end "What to Give: Mysteries" for The Wall Street Journal in 2018.
References
External links
Mattias Boström
Sherlock Holmes
2017 non-fiction books
Mysterious Press books
Leninaul (; ; , Pẋarçoşka) is a rural locality (a selo) in Kazbekovsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 8,340 as of 2010. There are 94 streets.
Geography
Leninaul is located on the left bank of the Aktash River, 9 km northwest of Dylym (the district's administrative centre) by road. Kalininaul and Dylym are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Avars and Chechens live there.
References
Rural localities in Kazbekovsky District
Reuven Arazi (; 11 May 1907 – 19 May 1983) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Mapam and the Alignment between 1965 and 1974.
Biography
Born in Mezhirichi in the Russian Empire (today in Ukraine), Arazi was educated at a gymnasium in Poland, before studying law in Warsaw, where they were certified as a lawyer. They also graduated from the Judaic Studies Institute in the city. Whilst a student they were amongst the leadership of the Socialist Zionist student movement, and also joined Hashomer Hatzair.
Between 1933 and 1939, they worked in the Tarbut school system, but in 1940, following the Soviet invasion of Poland, was exiled to the Urals by the Soviet authorities. They returned to Poland in 1946 and re-established Hashomer Hatzair, becoming its secretary general. They were also involved with the Jewish National Fund, becoming a member of its board of directors.
In 1949, they made aliyah to Israel, where they joined Mapam, which had been formed by a merger of the Hashomer Hatzair Workers Party and the Ahdut HaAvoda Poale Zion Movement. In 1959, they became the party's political secretary, a role they held until 1965. In that year they were placed fifth on the Mapam list for the Knesset elections, and was elected to the Knesset as the party won eight seats. They were re-elected in 1969 (by which time Mapam had formed the Alignment alliance), and was appointed Deputy Speaker of the Knesset. They were placed 103rd on the Alignment list for the 1973 elections, losing their seat as the alliance won 41 seats.
They died in 1983 at the age of 76.
References
External links
1907 births
1983 deaths
People from Rivne Oblast
Jews from the Russian Empire
Ukrainian Jews
Jewish socialists
Polish emigrants to Israel
Hashomer Hatzair members
Mapam politicians
Alignment (Israel) politicians
Members of the 6th Knesset (1965–1969)
Members of the 7th Knesset (1969–1974)
Deputy Speakers of the Knesset
Polish Zionists
Ukrainian Zionists
Labor Zionists
20th-century Polish lawyers
The Cornbelt Conference was one of the oldest high school athletic conferences in Iowa. Tracing its history to the 1930s, the Cornbelt has always been a conference filled by smaller schools. Beginning in the late 1970s, frequent membership changes happened because the league consisted of some of the smallest schools in the state. The conference had 6 teams, but four members left in 2014, and another explored options for whole grade sharing that would end its independent sports program. The conference disbanded in 2015.
Members
History
Founding
The eight original members of the conference were Ruthven, Titonka, Swea City, Sioux Rapids, Marathon, West Bend, Terril, and Graettinger. In 1955, Mallard joined the league. Thompson and Armstrong followed in 1956. In 1958, Titonka, Armstrong, Swea City, and Thompson left the league, to help form the State Line Conference. Sioux Valley was created in 1959 from the consolidation of Peterson and Linn Grove, along with tiny rural districts Brooke, Cornell, and Highview, to become the eighth member of the Cornbelt Conference. Everly also joined the conference during the 1970s.
Increasing Instability
In 1981 the league added all six remaining members of the Clay Conference to the fold. Due to Marathon's departure in 1977 to join with Laurens, this left the league at 14 schools: the eight existing league schools, as well as Ayrshire, South Clay, Clay Central, Ocheyedan, Harris-Lake Park, and Arnolds Park. Still, many of the schools were quite small, and were weighing their options for further consolidation. After Sioux Rapids merged with Rembrandt in 1980, the Clay Conference began to look at other options. Throughout the 1980s, a series of mergers further changed the conference.
In 1984, the Ayrshire district began sending students elsewhere, then joined Ruthven to form Ruthven-Ayrshire Community School. Albert City-Truesdale joined the league from the Twin Lakes to keep membership at 14. The next season Ocheyedan left the league to merge with a larger school, Sibley. In 1987, Arnolds Park merged with Milford to form Okoboji High School. Clay Central and Everly began whole-grade sharing in 1989, leaving the conference with 11 members. In 1991, membership was boosted back to 14 despite Sioux Rapids-Rembrandt and Sioux Valley merging to become Sioux Central. The State Line Conference disbanded, leaving the Cornbelt to pickup league members Lincoln Central of Gruver, Armstrong-Ringsted, Sentral-Burt of Fenton, and North Kossuth of Swea City. Membership decreased back to 12 the next season as West Bend merged with Mallard and Lincoln Central left the conference after one season to merge with the much larger Estherville Community Schools. South Clay closed its high school in 1994, allowing its students to choose the school they wished to attend; most chose to attend Sioux Central. Membership dipped to eight in 1996–97. Albert City-Truesdale and Sioux Central left the league to help found the Northwest Conference. Meanwhile, Terril began sharing sports with Ruthven-Ayrshire under the name Lakeland.
Demise
The eight team league persisted until 2005, although there were some changes in sharing agreements. The Burt Community School ended its partnership with Sentral, and merged with Algona, leaving Sentral by itself. Ruthven-Ayrshire began competing once again without Terril. Terril, still hurting for numbers, entered into sports sharing agreement with Graettinger. In 2005, the conference expanded from 8 to 12 schools, as for the third time, it picked up members of a disbanding conference; namely, the North Star Conference and exiting members Vemtura, Twin River Valley (a merger of Twin Rivers of Bode and Gilmore City-Bradgate until 2010, when each went its separate way,) Corwith-Wesley/LuVerne (a long-term partnership, the two districts never formally merged,) and Woden-Crystal Lake/Titonka (another partnership, and absorbed by Forest City and Algona, respectively, in 2011.)
Despite this additional boost in membership, the league continued to dwindle as a result of successive consolidations. Sentral and North Kossuth merged in 2007, becoming North Sentral Kossuth. Twin River Valley left in 2010, and W-CL/T in 2011. In 2012, Ventura merged with Garner-Hayfield of the North Iowa Conference. Meanwhile, North Sentral Kossuth's merger agreement to share sports with Armstrong-Ringsted under the name North Union, and a similar agreement between Greattinger-Terril and Ruthven-Ayrshire, left the conference with just six members for the 2012–13 school year.
North Union, by far the largest school in the conference, immediately sought to find a new home for its athletic teams, and in 2014, it opted to join the North Iowa Conference. This move left the other schools in the undesirable position of operating a five-team conference. As a result, that same year, each of the five began applying to other leagues. G-T/R-A and West Bend-Mallard were accepted into the Twin Lakes (North Division) in 2014. Harris-Lake Park joined the War Eagle Conference, along with independent Trinity Christian of Hull; the next year, Clay Central-Everly followed suit. This left Corwith-Wesley/LuVerne which, despite the whole-grade arrangement, remained one of Iowa's smallest high schools. In 2015, the partnership formally ended; Corwith-Wesley dissolved and was absorved by Algona, and LuVerne, though opting to remain a separate district, also joined Algona. The conference disbanded thereafter.
References
External links
Official site
High school sports in Iowa
2014 disestablishments in Iowa
John Krepps Miller (May 25, 1819 – August 11, 1863) was an American lawyer and politician who served as a two-term U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1847 to 1851.
Biography
Born in Mount Vernon, Ohio, Miller attended the public schools.
They were graduated from Jefferson College, Canonsburg, Pennsylvania (now Washington & Jefferson College, in 1838.
They studied law.
They were admitted to the bar in 1841 and commenced practice in Mount Vernon, Ohio.
Politics
They served as delegate to the Democratic National Convention in 1844.
Miller was elected as a Democrat to the Thirtieth and Thirty-first Congresses (March 4, 1847 – March 3, 1851).
Death
They died in Mount Vernon, Ohio, on August 11, 1863.
They were interred in Mound View Cemetery.
Sources
1819 births
1863 deaths
Washington & Jefferson College alumni
People from Mount Vernon, Ohio
Ohio lawyers
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
A joint meeting of the Australian Parliament is a convening of members of the Senate and House of Representatives sitting together as a single legislative body.
Australia has a bicameral federal parliament, consisting of the Senate and the House of Representatives. Subject to the Constitution of Australia, each House has its own rules, standing orders and procedures; its own presiding officer; and meets separately, at dates and times it alone decides.
However, there are some occasions when the two Houses have come together as a single body.
Reasons for joint meetings
The reasons for joint meetings have included:
to resolve deadlocks between the Houses following a double dissolution
to fill casual vacancies in the representation of the territories in the Senate
a special commemorative joint sitting to celebrate the Centenary of Federation
secret meetings to discuss security-related issues, such as Australia's participation in war
to receive addresses by invited guests such as visiting foreign heads of state or government.
Resolving deadlocks between the two Houses
The Constitution makes provision for a joint sitting as part of a procedure to resolve legislative deadlocks between the House of Representatives and the Senate. Section 57 provides that, under certain circumstances where there is a deadlock over a bill, both houses may be dissolved in a double dissolution. This is followed by a general election, and the bill may be put to the separate Houses of the newly elected parliament for reconsideration. If this still fails to resolve the deadlock, the bill may be considered by a joint sitting, convened as a single legislative body. If passed by the joint sitting, the bill will be treated for all purposes as if it had been separately passed by the two Houses.
The only time such a joint sitting has occurred was on 6–7 August 1974.
Casual vacancies in the representation of the Territories in the Senate
Between 1980 and 1989 when the Australian Capital Territory (ACT) gained self-government, the choice of a replacement ACT senator to fill a casual vacancy was made by a joint sitting of both Houses. This occurred twice:
Margaret Reid was elected on 5 May 1981 to replace the deceased ACT Senator John Knight
Bob McMullan was elected on 16 February 1988 to replace former ACT Senator Susan Ryan, who had resigned.
Casual vacancies for ACT senators are now filled by the ACT Legislative Assembly, under Section 44 of the Commonwealth Electoral Act 1918.
A joint sitting of the federal parliament would still be used to fill a casual vacancy in the representation of any external territory, in the event that such a territory ever gains separate Senate representation.
Special commemorative joint sitting
On 9 May 2001, the Parliament met in a special joint sitting at the site of the 1st Parliament, the Royal Exhibition Building in Melbourne, to commemorate the Centenary of that event specifically, and the Centenary of Federation more generally. The joint sitting was addressed by the Governor-General, Sir William Deane.
Secret meetings
During World War II, the Parliament met in secret on a number of occasions, to hear confidential reports on the progress of the war. There is no Hansard record of the proceedings.
Both Houses met in secret joint sittings on 20 February 1942, 3 September 1942, and 8 October 1942.
The House of Representatives met in secret on 13 December 1940, 29 May 1941, and 20 August 1941.
General Douglas MacArthur is sometimes reported to have addressed the Parliament during World War II. If they addressed the secret joint sittings, this was not officially recorded. However, General MacArthur was provided with a seat on the floor of the House of Representatives on 26 March 1942, and addressed members of Parliament from outside the chamber later that day.
Addresses by invited guests
The first address by an invited guest to the Parliament in a formally convened joint sitting of which there was an official record was on 2 January 1992, by the US President, George H. W. Bush. Later addresses to joint sittings were from US presidents Bill Clinton (1996) and George W. Bush (2003); and paramount leader of China Hu Jintao (2003). (George W. Bush's and Hu Jintao's addresses occurred on consecutive days in October 2003.)
Subsequently, the Senate Standing Committee on Procedure and the Senate Standing Committee of Privileges both recommended that the practice of formally convening a joint sitting for these purposes be discontinued, as they had no constitutional authority, and there were doubts about the validity of the presiding officer of one house giving instructions to members of the other house. On 2 March 2006, it was agreed that future addresses by invited dignitaries would be to a meeting of the House of Representatives only, but to which the members of the Senate would be invited as guests.
List of addresses
Source: Australia's Parliament House—more than 25 years in the making! A chronology
References
Parliament of Australia
Australia
Jere Hård (born 7 December 1978 in Jyväskylä, Finland) is a retired male freestyle and butterfly swimmer from Finland. They twice swam for their native country at the Olympics: in 2000 and 2004.
They mainly excelled in the – non-Olympic – 50 m butterfly event, in both long (50 m) and short course (25 m).
References
1978 births
Living people
Finnish male butterfly swimmers
Finnish male freestyle swimmers
Swimmers at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Swimmers at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Olympic swimmers of Finland
Sportspeople from Jyväskylä
European Aquatics Championships medalists in swimming
Horsburgh Point () is a point, northwest of Scarlett Point, on the southwest side of Montagu Island in the South Sandwich Islands. It was charted in 1930 by Discovery Investigations personnel on the Discovery II, who named it for H. Horsburgh, technical officer to the Discovery Committee.
References
Headlands of South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Mount Indrasan is located at an altitude of 6221 metres above sea level in Kullu district, Himachal Pradesh. Mt. Indrasan is considered as the most difficult mountain to climb in the Pir Panjal range of the Himalayas because of the challenges involved in scaling it. It was first climbed on October 13, 1962 by an expedition organized by Kyoto University Alpine Club, Kyoto, Japan.
It is also believed that whenever Lord Indra arrives on earth they reside here. Indrasan (composed of two words: Indra and Aasana) i.e. the royal seat of the Lord Indra.
References
Mountains of Himachal Pradesh
Geography of Kullu district
Warring Worms is an Atari 2600 video game based on the 1976 arcade game Blockade (the concept of which has since become known as "Snake"). Warring Worms was written by Billy Eno and published in 2002 under the Baroque Gaming label. It was Eno's first released 2600 game.
An updated version was released in 2005 as Warring Worms: The Worm (Re)Turns. It has additional modes such as random mode, in which the game options are randomized between each round. At 8 KB it is double the game's original size of 4 KB.
Gameplay
Warring Worms is an action game, similar to the Atari 2600 launch title Surround, which itself is based on the 1976 Blockade arcade game.
Like Surround, the player wins a round by forcing the opponent to crash into a wall. The opponent is controlled by either a second player or the game's AI, depending on the game selection. Unlike Surround, players in Warring Worms are armed: each worm can control a cannon that fires shots. The shots can be used to kill the opponent, or take out a block of the "trail" left by either player. The game is played using joysticks, and features 80 game variations.
Reception
In 2005, Warring Worms was named one of the five "Best 2600 Homebrew Games" in the book Gaming Hacks: 100 Industrial-Strength Tips & Tools by Simon Carless, who described the game as "super-addictive" and praised the ability to fire shots as a "neat twist".
References
External links
Warring Worms: The Worm (Re)Turns at AtariAge
2002 video games
Atari 2600 games
Atari 2600 homebrew games
Atari 2600-only games
Snake video games
Video game clones
Video games developed in the United States
Grubbia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Grubbiaceae. The genus has three species, all endemic to the Cape Floristic Region of South Africa. They are shrubs that grow to tall, with tiny flowers and slender, leathery leaves. The fruit is a syncarp.
Grubbia was named by Peter Jonas Bergius in 1767 in a Swedish journal entitled Kongliga Vetenskaps Academiens Handlingar. The generic name honors the Swedish botanist Michael Grubb.
Grubbia was revised by Sherwin Carlquist in 1977. Grubbia gracilis, Grubbia hirsuta, and Grubbia pinifolia had all been recognized, at least by some authors, at species rank, but Carlquist treated them as subspecies or varieties of Grubbia rosmarinifolia. Some authors had recognized a second genus, Strobilocarpus, in the family Grubbiaceae, but Carlquist assigned its two species, Strobilocarpus rourkei and Strobilocarpus tomentosa to Grubbia.
Molecular phylogenetic studies have shown that Grubbia is sister to Curtisia, another genus from South Africa. It has been suggested that Grubbia and Curtisia might be combined into a single family. This was not followed by the Angiosperm Phylogeny Group in the APG III system of 2009.
References
External links
Grubbia At: Plant Names At: IPNI
CRC World Dictionary of Plant Names: D-L At: Botany & Plant Science At: Life Science At: CRC Press
Grubbia At: Index Nominum Genericorum At: References At: NMNH Department of Botany At: Research and Collections At: Smithsonian National Museum of Natural History
Grubbia (exact) At: Names At: Tropicos At: Science and Conservation At: Missouri Botanical Garden
Grubbia At: List of Genera At: Grubbiaceae At: List of Families At: Families and Genera in GRIN At: Queries At: GRIN taxonomy for plants
Grubbia At: Grubbiaceae At: Cornales At: Asteridae At: core eudicots (Gunneridae) At: Eudicotyledoneae In: ··· Embryophyta At: Streptophytina At: Streptophyta At: Viridiplantae At: Eukaryota At: Taxonomy At: UniProt
Cornales
Endemic flora of South Africa
Cornales genera
Taxa named by Peter Jonas Bergius
Statistics of the Cambodian League for the 1995 season.
Overview
Civil Aviation won the championship.
References
RSSSF
C-League seasons
Cambodia
Cambodia
football
The Century Air Lines Strike of 1932 was a strike of pilots from Chicago-based Century Air Lines following a proposal in early February by company owner Errett Lobban Cord to cut wages by up to 40%. The two-month strike was the first in the history of the fledgling commercial aviation industry and also the first significant action for the year-old Air Line Pilots Association (ALPA) which represented the 23 striking pilots. Political agitation in the form of congressional hearings and public condemnations eventually forced Cord to relent and sell Century Airlines on April 2 to the Aviation Corporation (AVCO), parent company of American Airways.
The strike highlighted the problems facing the commercial aviation industry as it began to grow and diversify significantly for the first time. Meanwhile, the success of the ALPA in lobbying for political support established it as a significant power in organized labor.
Background
Aviation industry
In 1925 the Kelly Act was passed giving the postmaster general the authority to allocate air mail routes to potential bidders and thus, the floodgates were opened for investment in the new industry of commercial aviation. The next few years were characterized by mergers and jockeying for position amongst the various new enterprises and by 1931 a core group of major airlines had emerged including names such as American Airways and United Airlines.
Resentment began to grow however amongst smaller companies looking to take advantage of the emerging market for passenger travel who saw the larger companies as receiving unfair advantages in terms of route allocations and subsidies. The McNary-Watres Act of 1930, with its provision to allow the postmaster general to extend contracts with existing carriers without considering competing bids, especially fueled such resentment. In response to an amendment to the bill which would limit this particular power, then postmaster general Walter Folger Brown, "was very much opposed to the measure and explained what in their opinion would happen should it become law. They declared that low bidders getting contracts would find that they could not operate and that successors to them would take over the business. These successors would then come to the department for relief." E.L. Cord was particularly determined to change the system, striving to demonstrate that they could offer the cheapest service, even going so far as to say that they could carry mail for 30 cents a mile, roughly half the standard for existing routes. Cord's primary idea for how this could be done was through slashing overheads, particularly wages.
Pilots
With the technology of aviation still in its infancy, the pilot's profession remained a fairly treacherous one. Pressure to fly from Post Office administrators in treacherous weather conditions especially caused many fatal accidents. In 1919, the first demonstration of organized action by pilots took place when a threat of strike action was made after two pilots were fired by assistant postmaster general Otto Praeger for refusing to fly in heavy fog. One of the two pilots was eventually reinstated and post office administrators agreed to more stringent safety standards regarding foul weather flying.
In May 1931, the Air Line Pilots Association was founded by David L. Behncke and it quickly became the largest union for pilots in the country including three quarters of the schedule line pilots in the country by the next year. The decision was precipitated by changing pay conditions which were increasingly reducing the earnings of pilots during the early years of the depression.
Meanwhile, technology improvements in aviation were changing the perception of flying. New features such as “robot pilots” which could control the planes through gyroscopes were making the task of piloting seem easier and easier. Cord in particular made it known that they did not regard piloting as an especially skillful endeavor and subsequently saw no justification for paying pilots high wages.
Strike timeline
On January 23, the management of Century announced a new wage scale for pilots which effectively resulted in a 40% cut, to be effective from February 1. After initially agreeing to defer the decision by ten days in order to give the pilots and the ALPA a chance for arbitration, Cord decided on the 9th to refuse any further negotiations and immediately put into action the new wage scale. When the pilots arrived to work that morning they were met by armed guards and were ordered to resign in order to reapply to work under the new pay scale. The pilots rejected this request and instead marched to the Chicago ALPA headquarters.
Recruiting replacements
Cord immediately set to work recruiting replacement pilots. By February 4, Century officials had announced that they had nearly reached the required quota for their schedules saying they had “far more applicants for the vacated positions than they could use”. Most of the scheduled routes suffered only slight disruption as a result. Indeed, replacements would not have been difficult to come by. Contemporary estimates at the number of qualified commercial pilots came to around 4000 with only a total of about 700 planes in service.
Crash in St. Louis
On March 8, two Century pilots were fatally injured in a crash where replacement recruits were practicing night landings in anticipation of a resumption of full night flight services. The two dead were John F. Kirk of Chicago and Lloyd H. Atkinson who had been a test pilot in Los Angeles before moving to Chicago to find work. The crash occurred while on final approach into Curtiss-Steinberg Airport at about 1.50am when pilot Theodore Graff struck a windmill short of the runway.
ALPA political campaign
The ALPA were able to call on sympathetic ears for their cause from within influential political circles, both national and local. Representative Fiorello La Guardia of New York first raised the issue in Congress on February 18 when they condemned Cord and their practices and furthermore spoke about the need for Department of Commerce inspectors to keep and publish records of the replacement pilots, “because you can readily see the danger of putting inexperienced men in charge of passenger planes, not alone for the passengers but for the people on the ground below.”
Several more members of congress vocalized their displeasure with Cord's conduct including Representative William Larson from Georgia as well as Melvin Maas of Minnesota who asked the Secretaries of War and Navy to discourage military pilots on leave from flying Century planes, while two more representatives contacted the Mayor of Chicago to ask them to investigate the business affairs of Cord in Chicago. Hearings in the United States House of Representatives heard testimony from ALPA president David Behncke and from Dean Bourford, one of the striking Century Air Lines pilots.
The whole affair had left Cord in an even weaker position with regard to bidding for routes, with postmaster general Brown expressing their allegiance to the striking pilots.
Century Air Lines sold
Under the weight of the political pressure from both national and local government, Cord was first forced to reduce flight services before they relented on April 2, selling Century Airlines to AVCO, in turn ending the strike. In exchange, Cord received 140,000 shares in the Aviation Corporation and also a directorship in the company. Neither the striking pilots, nor the replacements were to be brought over in the merger.
Aftermath
The strike gave the ALPA the opportunity to assert itself as a power for organized pilots in America as it launched campaigns against the strikebreakers. The “Century Airlines Scab List” was printed on the front page of the first issue of the union's journal, Air Line Pilot, in April. David Behncke convinced employers to fire strikebreakers who had been employed and much of the first convention of the ALPA, held in Chicago in October 1932, focused on the Century Airlines strike. By the mid-1930s the ALPA had close to 100% of all commercial pilots in the U.S. on its rolls.
Furthermore, the ALPA had established itself as a strong political voice and managed to lobby for improved wage calculations for pilots which took into account both the hours and mileage flown, thus insuring that wages wouldn't be affected by the development of faster planes.
E.L. Cord became the largest stockholder in the American Aviation Corporation, buying an extra 100,000 shares on top of the 138,000 they received from the sale of Century.
Historical interpretation
Isaac Cohen uses the Century Air Lines strike to draw comparisons with the 1983 strike of Continental Airlines pilots. They emphasize that the political climate of 1932, in contrast with 1983, made conditions far more favorable for the striking pilots stating, “the pro-regulatory mood of 1932 generated governmental, congressional, and municipal support for ALPA, increased considerably the bargaining power of organized pilots, and, in turn, played a key role in ALPA's victory over Errett Lobban Cord.” For Cohen, the still heavy regulatory presence of the Post Office in commercial airlines in 1932, combined with a political arena that was “becoming increasingly responsive to the demands of organized labor” ensured that significant political weight could be thrown behind efforts to undermine Cord.
Robert Van der Linden too underscores the political pressure Cord was facing during the strike and also during the months leading up to it as their attempts to curry favor for deregulation had been met with antagonism. However, Van der Linden argues that the sale of Century to AVCO which ended the strike, rather than being the last resort of a beaten man, had been part of Cord's plan all along: "Cord, a master of the financial world, understood AVCO's weak position and sought to exploit the situation if their public attempts to secure an air mail contract failed. By early 1932, as it became clear that Cord was losing their public fight, they turned their attention directly to AVCO..." Within a year, Cord had managed to gain complete control of AVCO.
See also
Air Mail scandal
United States government role in civil aviation
References
1932 in aviation
1932 labor disputes and strikes
Aviation history of the United States
Aviation strikes
Labor disputes in the United States
Transportation labor disputes in the United States
1932 in the United States
Labour relations by company
Erasmus Darwin Peck (September 16, 1808 – December 25, 1876) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1870 to 1873.
Biography
Born in Stafford, Connecticut, Peck attended the common schools of Monson, Massachusetts and graduated from the medical department of Yale College in 1829. They moved to Portage County, Ohio in 1830 and later to Perrysburg, Ohio to practice medicine. They served as member of the Ohio House of Representatives from 1856 to 1859.
Congress
Peck was elected as a Republican to the Forty-first Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Truman H. Hoag. They were reelected to the Forty-second Congress and served from April 23, 1870, to March 3, 1873. They did not seek renomination in 1872. They practiced medicine in Perrysburg, Ohio until their death there December 25, 1876.  They are interred in Fort Meigs Cemetery.
Sources
External links
1808 births
1876 deaths
People from Stafford, Connecticut
People from Perrysburg, Ohio
Yale School of Medicine alumni
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Physicians from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
Burials in Ohio
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Golden Clan is a non-fiction account of the Murray/ Mc Donnell family of New York,
by John Corry, Golden Clan: The Murrays, the McDonnells, & the Irish American Aristocracy, Houghton Mifflin Co.; Boston, 1977. This followed an earlier book by noted chronicler-of-the-wealthy (Our Crowd, The Grandes Dames) Stephen Birmingham Real Lace: America's Irish Rich HarperCollins New York: 1973 in which this family were also the main subjects.
The Murray/ Mc Donnell clan were the children and grandchildren of inventor Thomas E. Murray, an associate of Thomas Edison's, who was an early summer resident of Southampton, Long Island, New York . Due to their wealth, good looks, and sheer size (one branch, the James Mc Donnells, had 14 children; another, the Thomas E. Murray Jr.s, had 11) they were frequently covered in the social news of the New York press, particularly in the Hearst newspapers by gossip columnist 'Cholly Knickerbocker'. Public interest increased when one Mc Donnell married Henry Ford II, and a Murray cousin Alfred G. Vanderbilt II. Unlike the Kennedy family, with whom several of the Mc Donnells were close, none of the family ran for public office. The eldest son of the patriarch- Thomas E. Murray, Jr., was appointed by President Truman to the United States Atomic Energy Commission and their brother John 'Jack' Murray to the Port Authority of New York by Governor Franklin D. Roosevelt. The McDonnell triplex at 910 Fifth Avenue in New York was reputedly the largest in the city. The clan were considered pillars of the New York Archdiocese, and were very close to Cardinal Spellman and Bishop Fulton J. Sheen; when Clare Boothe Luce converted to Catholicism, Bishop Sheen suggested that Anna Murray Mc Donnell serve as their godmother.
The family has pretty much faded from the public spotlight since the collapse of Mc Donnell & Co., the family stock brokerage firm under T. Murray Mc Donnell in 1970. Several family members such as Catherine Murray di Montezemolo were still prominent in Southampton society at the beginning of the 21st Century, and they continued to intermarry with other prominent Catholic families. Peggy Mc Donnell, a daughter of T. Murray Mc Donnell, is the wife of Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance, Jr.
Several other wealthy Irish Catholic families were also discussed in Corry and Birmingham's books, and have been referred to in print as "Golden Clans". Foremost perhaps would be the descendants of Thomas Fortune Ryan. The Grace family, the grandchildren of William R. Grace such as J. Peter Grace, would be another. Also mentioned were F. Scott Fitzgerald's friends Gerald and Sara Murphy; Gerald's father, the founder of Mark Cross Leather Goods, was a Southampton friend of Thomas Murray.
Quite a number of these families sent their sons to Portsmouth Abbey School and Canterbury School (Connecticut) and then on to Georgetown University, and their daughters to Convent of the Sacred Heart schools and Manhattanville College.
Many of the Golden Clans lived in apartment buildings on Park Avenue north of 79th Street, close by St. Ignatius Loyola and St. Thomas More churches, causing some people to refer to the area as the "Irish Gold Coast". Wealthy Irish Catholics are no longer clustered in this neighborhood; many of these families moved out to wealthy suburbs like Rye, New York.
Notes
American non-fiction books
1977 non-fiction books
American people of Irish descent
Irish-American history
Houghton Mifflin books
In electronic music waveshaping is a type of distortion synthesis in which complex spectra are produced from simple tones by altering the shape of the waveforms.
Uses
Waveshapers are used mainly by electronic musicians to achieve an extra-abrasive sound. This effect is most used to enhance the sound of a music synthesizer by altering the waveform or vowel. Rock musicians may also use a waveshaper for heavy distortion of a guitar or bass. Some synthesizers or virtual software instruments have built-in waveshapers. The effect can make instruments sound noisy or overdriven.
In digital modeling of analog audio equipment such as tube amplifiers, waveshaping is used to introduce a static, or memoryless, nonlinearity to approximate the transfer characteristic of a vacuum tube or diode limiter.
How it works
A waveshaper is an audio effect that changes an audio signal by mapping an input signal to the output signal by applying a fixed or variable mathematical function, called the shaping function or transfer function, to the input signal (the term shaping function is preferred to avoid confusion with the transfer function from systems theory). The function can be any function at all.
Mathematically, the operation is defined by the waveshaper equation
where f is the shaping function, x(t) is the input function, and a(t) is the index function, which in general may vary as a function of time. This parameter a is often used as a constant gain factor called the distortion index. In practice, the input to the waveshaper, x, is considered on [-1,1] for digitally sampled signals, and f will be designed such that y is also on [-1,1] to prevent unwanted clipping in software.
Commonly used shaping functions
Sin, arctan, polynomial functions, or piecewise functions (such as the hard clipping function) are commonly used as waveshaping transfer functions. It is also possible to use table-driven functions, consisting of discrete points with some degree of interpolation or linear segments.
Polynomials
A polynomial is a function of the form
Polynomial functions are convenient as shaping functions because, when given a single sinusoid as input, a polynomial of degree N will only introduce up to the Nth harmonic of the sinusoid. To prove this, consider a sinusoid used as input to the general polynomial.
Next, use the inverse Euler's formula to obtain complex sinusoids.
Finally, use the binomial formula to transform back to trigonometric form and find coefficients for each harmonic.
From the above equation, several observations can be made about the effect of a polynomial shaping function on a single sinusoid:
All of the sinusoids generated are harmonically related to the original input.
The frequency never exceeds .
All odd monomial terms generate odd harmonics from n down to the fundamental, and all even monomial terms generate even harmonics from n down to DC (0 frequency).
The shape of the spectrum produced by each monomial term is fixed and determined by the binomial coefficients .
The weight of that spectrum in the overall output is determined solely by its coefficient and the amplitude of the input by
Problems associated with waveshapers
The sound produced by digital waveshapers tends to be harsh and unattractive, because of problems with aliasing. Waveshaping is a non-linear operation, so it's hard to generalize about the effect of a waveshaping function on an input signal. The mathematics of non-linear operations on audio signals is difficult, and not well understood. The effect will be amplitude-dependent, among other things. But generally, waveshapers—particularly those with sharp corners (e.g., some derivatives are discontinuous) -- tend to introduce large numbers of high frequency harmonics. If these introduced harmonics exceed the Nyquist limit, then they will be heard as harsh inharmonic content with a distinctly metallic sound in the output signal. Oversampling can somewhat but not completely alleviate this problem, depending on how fast the introduced harmonics fall off.
With relatively simple, and relatively smooth waveshaping functions (sin(a*x), atan(a*x), polynomial functions, for example), this procedure may reduce aliased content in the harmonic signal to the point that it is musically acceptable. But waveshaping functions other than polynomial waveshaping functions will introduce an infinite number of harmonics into the signal, some which may audibly alias even at the supersampled frequency.
Sources
Electronic music
The American Museum of Western Art – The Anschutz Collection is a non-profit museum located in Denver, Colorado. Founded in 2010, it is the permanent home for The Anschutz Collection, a formerly private collection of paintings that surveys the art of the American West from the early 19th century to the present.
Overview
With a collection that spans nearly two centuries of art history, the museum's holdings include examples of early American expeditionary painting, Hudson River School and Rocky Mountain School landscapes, 19th-century American narrative painting, early American modernism, Expressionism, Cubism and Abstraction, American Regionalism, “New Deal Art”, and Abstract Expressionism.
The Anschutz Collection of American Museum of Western Art is an outcome of the efforts made over 50 years by the Anschutz family, and the credit goes to business person, Philip Anschutz, who is in oil, real estate and telecommunications. A lover of art, they chose this passion of their to race cars or racehorses. And to promote American Idealism they toured widely to 10 different countries, including the former Soviet Union.
The American Museum of Western Art is run under the directorship of their daughter, Sarah Hunt.
Gallery
References
External links
Official website
Museums of American art
Former private collections in the United States
Museums established in 2010
Art museums and galleries in Colorado
Imma boeta is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Druce in 1898. It is found in Panama.
The forewings are black, irrorated with grey scales at the base, with a large oval grey spot about the middle of the wing extending from the costal margin almost to the inner margin, the fringe black, with a grey patch at the anal angle. The hindwings are brownish-black, paler at the base and along the inner margin.
References
Moths described in 1898
Immidae
Moths of Central America
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1502.
Events
June – England's Poet Laureate John Skelton is believed to have been tried, in a case brought by the London Prior of St Bartholomew's, and subsequently imprisoned, possibly at the instigation of Cardinal Wolsey.
unknown dates
Aldine Press editions of Dante's Divine Comedy, Herodotus' Histories (in Greek and Italian parallel text) and Sophocles are published in Venice.
The English poet Stephen Hawes is appointed Groom of the Chamber to King Henry VII of England.
New books
Prose
Niccolò Machiavelli – Discourse about the Provision of Money (Discorso sopra la provisione del danaro)
Shin Maha Thilawuntha – Yazawin Kyaw
Drama
Gil Vicente – Monólogo do Vaqueiro ("Monologue of the Cowboy")
Poetry
Pietro Bembo – Terzerime (published by Aldus Manutius)
Conradus Celtis – Amores
Baptista Mantuanus – Sylvae
Jacopo Sannazaro – Arcadia (pirated edition)
Births
Guillaume Bigot, French writer, doctor, humanist and poet in French and Latin (died 1550)
probable – Benedetto Varchi, Florentine humanist, historian and poet in Latin (died 1565)
Deaths
February – Olivier de la Marche, French poet and chronicler (born 1426)
March 14 – Felix Fabri (Felix Faber), Swiss Dominican theologian and travel writer (born c. 1441)
unknown dates
Jalaladdin Davani, Iranian philosopher, theologian, jurist and poet (born 1426)
Henry Medwall, English dramatist (born c. 1462)
Octavien de Saint-Gelais, French churchman, poet and translator (born 1468)
Sōgi (宗祇), Japanese Zen monk and renga poet (born 1421)
probable
Gwerful Mechain, Welsh erotic poet (born c. 1460)
Bonino Mombrizio, Milanese lawyer, bureaucrat, philologist, humanist, editor of ancient writings and poet in Latin (born 1424)
References
1502
1502 books
Years of the 16th century in literature
The Kootenai Valley Railway Company was organized in 1898 to construct a rail line from Bonners Ferry, Idaho northward to the Idaho-British Columbia international boundary (26 miles). It was controlled by a subsidiary of the Great Northern Railway Company (GN), the Kootenay Railway & Navigation Company, until the latter's 1911 dissolution. KVRC was then absorbed into the GN, then formally dissolved in 1915.
References
Defunct Idaho railroads
Predecessors of the Burlington Northern Railroad
Predecessors of the Great Northern Railway (U.S.)
Gwangju High School () is a high school in Dong-gu district, Gwangju, South Korea. It was established in 1951.
References
External links
Official website
High schools in South Korea
Schools in Gwangju
Educational institutions established in 1951
1951 establishments in South Korea
Boys' schools in South Korea
Mirela Rupic (born March 21, 1967) is an American costume and fashion designer. Them costume designing career took off after they were included in a minor TV series, which followed with their involvement in the movie Fight Club in 1999.  They are also known for being the lead costume designer in the 2007 TV series Chuck.
Biography
Rupic was born in Orange County, California. They studied fashion design at the Woodbury University in San Diego where they launched their first collection, presenting their personal style. By the age of 26, Rupic was already working as an assistant designer of Milena Canonero, on a dozen of projects.
Career
Rupic ventured into the world of costume design for film and theater as an assistant designer of Milena Canonero. They came to fame through their work as an assistant costume designer on David Fincher's Fight Club. A turning point in their career came when William A. Elliott, the production designer with whom they had worked in Meet the Spartans, introduced them to the Australian film director and scriptwriter Alister Grierson. Rupic and Grierson worked together on several projects starting with Sanctum.
Throughout their career, they have collaborated with a number of colleagues, organizations and galleries. In 2016 they collaborated with RISD students from the costume and fashion design department, as part of an international fashion design workshop.
Work
Rupic has been assistant or lead costume designer on over a dozen films and TV series to date.
References
External links
1967 births
Woodbury University alumni
American costume designers
American fashion designers
American women fashion designers
Living people
21st-century American women
Hemidactylus xericolus the Nalgonda yellow-tailed brookiish gecko, is a species of house gecko from India.
References
Hemidactylus
Reptiles of India
Reptiles described in 2020
Taxa named by Varad B. Giri
Taxa named by Ishan Agarwal
Kimono that carried designs depicting scenes from contemporary life became popular in Japan between 1900 and 1945, during Japan's involvement in WWII. Now referred to as , the decoration of many kimonos produced during this time often depicted the military and political actions of Japan during its involvement in the war on the side of the Axis powers. In English, this kimono are commonly referred to as 'propaganda kimono'. Traditional items of clothing that were not kimono, such as (underkimono), (jackets worn over kimono) and (the decorative inner linings of men's ) also featured wartime , as did , the kimono worn by infants when taken to a Shinto shrine to be blessed. garments were typically worn inside the home or at private parties, during which the host would show them off to small groups of family or friends, and were worn by men, women and children.
History
Among the factors that led to the emergence of propaganda kimono, three stands out: the introduction of modern textile manufacturing and printing equipment into Japan in the late 19th century, the social and political impetus for Japan to modernize, and, following the Japanese invasion of Manchuria in 1931, political desire to rally support for colonial expansion. The introduction of Western textile manufacturing techniques and machinery allowed textile manufacturers to produce printed fabric at a quicker and cheaper rate than traditional dye techniques allowed, and later support from the Japanese population for colonialist expansion would lead into support in WWII against the Allied powers.
Much of the imagery used on propaganda kimono was widely used on other media and consumer goods, such as popular magazines, toys, posters and dolls. Some typical designs from the early 1920s to the mid-1930s focused on the outward signs of modernity, depicting a sleek, Westernized, consumerist future – cityscapes with subways and skyscrapers, ocean liners, steaming locomotives, sleek cars and airplanes. Other designs showed images reflecting current events (e.g., the visit of the Graf Zeppelin in 1929) and social trends, such as depictions of the "modern girl", whose new pastimes were cocktails, nightclubs, and jazz music. Regardless of the subject matter, wartime employed a bold colour palette, showing direct influences from Art Deco, Dadaism and Cubism, as well as social realism and other graphic media.
By the later 1920s, and particularly following the crash of 1929, with Japan's economically disastrous return to the gold standard, conservative and ultra-nationalist forces in the military and government began to push back against the modernist trends in Japanese society, and sought to reassert more traditional values. Military power, the will to use it, and the ability to manufacture its hardware became central to Japan's self-image. As a result, the propaganda kimono designs took on an increasing militaristic air.
Only since the late 20th-century have scholars in Japan, Europe and the United States begun to seriously study Japanese propaganda kimono. In 2005, The Bard Graduate from Center mounted one of the first major exhibits of this kimono, curated by Jacqueline M. Atkins, an American textile historian and recognized scholar of Japanese 20th century textiles. The exhibition also was shown at the Allentown Art Museum and the Honolulu Academy of Art (2006–2007). The Metropolitan Museum of Art, The Johann Jacobs Museum (Zurich), the Edward Thorp Gallery in New York City, and the Saint Louis Art Museum have mounted exhibits that have included propaganda kimono. The Boston Museum of Fine Arts received a significant donation of wartime and other kimono from an American collector in 2010.
Gallery
References
External links
Metropolitan Museum of Art
Museum of Fine Arts Boston
The Ruth Funk Center for Textile Arts
Japanese full-body garments
Propaganda in Japan
Propaganda by medium
Clothing in politics
Clothing by function
Smithornis is a genus of birds in the family Calyptomenidae, the broadbills. The genus comprises three species native to Africa.
Before 1914 this genus was classified in the Old World flycatcher family, Muscicapidae, due to certain similarities. Closer examination of the morphology and anatomical features of these birds resulted in their being reclassified in the Eurylaimidae.
It is hypothesized that Smithornis is a monophyletic genus, well separated from other birds in the Eurylaimidae. The differentiation occurred as a result of a division and diversification between Asian and African broadbills.
Species
Etymology
Smithornis: Sir Andrew Smith (1797–1872), Scottish surgeon, zoologist, ethnologist, explorer in South Africa; ornis, ορνιθος ornithos “bird”
Physiology
The species in genus Smithornis lack the vocal ability that many other birds possess. This is due to the muscular anatomy of the main vocal organ, the syrinx. The muscle A1 is widened into a hammer shape and A2 is seen to be oblique. They lack a pessulus, which divides the tympaniform membranes and produces a song in other species of birds. They also lack intrinsic syringeal muscles which contract to change the song.
Behavior
Smithornis are known for the rare ability to make sound with their wings. The typical behavior includes a short circular flight off of the perch and back on again, the vibration of the wings producing the sound. This behavior is commonly seen in the early morning and late evening. The behavior may be related to courtship; the male produces the sound while flashing a white patch on its back when females are present. The sound is made by all species of Smithornis; in S. capensis both sexes perform the behavior, but in S. rufolateralis only the male does so.
One observation involved two individual S. capensis in which one individual flicked its wings, making the sound, while another was close by. They then alternated, taking turns performing the behavior. The behavior did not seem to be aggressive and was thought to be a courtship display.
It was previously assumed that the sound was produced by the long outer 9th and 10th major covert feathers. A recent study tested the assumption by using high-speed video and audio recordings, which indicated that coverts 6 and 7 were actually producing the sound.
Gallery
References
Bird genera
Taxa named by Charles Lucien Bonaparte
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Plat was an unincorporated community and is now a neighborhood in the village of Richfield, Washington County, Wisconsin, United States. It is located at the intersection of Plat Road and Monches Road. It is 2 miles from the towns of Erin and Merton and from County Trunk Highway Q (County Line Road) and the Waukesha County and Washington County division.
Notes
Geography of Washington County, Wisconsin
Neighborhoods in Wisconsin
Risoba obstructa is a species of moth of the family Nolidae first described by Frederic Moore in 1881.
Distribution
Its distribution ranges from Sri Lanka and India to the Philippines, Solomon Islands and Australia.
Description
Its wingspan is about 28–36 mm. Head and thorax brown. The tegulae are whitish. Forewings whitish sprinkled with brown. There is an oblique white basal band, and red-brown costal area just beyond it. Reniform round with a dark speck at center. A postmedial oblique double line slightly incurved below vein 4 and the area beyonf it red brown with traces of a sub-marginal waved line. Some apical dark specks and a series of marginal brown and white specks can be seen. Hindwings are semihyaline white with broad brown marginal band.
Larva purplish brown with pale sides. Dorsal and lateral white speckled line and a sub-basal whitish streak series can be seen. A series of black dots found between lateral and sub-lateral lines. There is a conical prominence on anal somite.
Ecology
The larva has been recorded on Quisqualis sp., Terminalia sp., Xylia sp., Lagerstroemia sp. and Sterculia sp.
References
Nolidae
Moths of Australia
Moths of Asia
Moths of Sri Lanka
Moths of the Philippines
Moths described in 1881
Abdar Miyan (, also Romanized as Ābdar Mīyān and Ābdarmīān; also known as Ābdār and Ābdar) is a village in Meymand Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 48, in 13 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Harold Hooke (9 May 1911 – 23 December 1978) was an Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Notes
External links
1911 births
1978 deaths
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
North Melbourne Football Club players
Idiopathic scrotal calcinosis is a cutaneous condition characterized by calcification of the skin resulting from the deposition of calcium and phosphorus occurring on the scrotum. However, the levels of calcium and phosphate in the blood are normal. Idiopathic scrotal calcinosis typically affects young males, with an onset between adolescence and early adulthood. The scrotal calcinosis appears, without any symptoms, as yellowish nodules that range in size from 1 mm to several centimeters.
Presentation
Single or multiple hard, marble-like nodules of varying size affecting scrotal skin.
Nodules vary in size from a few millimeters to a few centimeters.
Usually start to appear in childhood or early adult life
Over time, nodules increase in number and size
Nodules may break down and discharge chalky material
Rarely, lesions may be polypoid
Usually asymptomatic
Etiology
The cause is not well defined. Originally considered idiopathic condition. Now accepted that majority of cases develop from dystrophic calcification of cyst contents.
Diagnostic
Clinically Relevant Pathologic Features
Lesions slowly progress throughout life
They slowly increase in number and size
Nodules are mobile and do not attach to underlying structures
Pathologic Interpretation Pearls
Globular and granular purple deposits within dermis surrounded by giant cell granulomatous reaction
Sometimes remnants of cystic lesion can be identified
Very distinctive appearance with almost no histologic differential diagnosis.
Treatment
Treatment may involve surgery, which is currently the only recommended intervention. Surgery should include the removal of even small nodules, to prevent the recurrence of the scrotal calcinosis.
Prognosis
Benign condition
Slow progression throughout life
Lesions remain discrete and do not become confluent
Epidemiology
Incidence: uncommon
Age: children and young adults
History
Scrotal calcinosis was first described in 1883 by Lewinski.
See also
Calcinosis cutis
Skin lesion
List of cutaneous conditions
References
Skin conditions resulting from errors in metabolism
Scrotum
Moringa Community is a charity based in Ghana which is dedicated to improving quality of life through sustainable and locally appropriate technologies. Current work is centered on the village of Baako, where skills in woodworking and food preservation are taught in a purpose-built schoolroom.
History
In March 2007, Abubakar "Abu" Abdulai contacted Jeffry Lohr from an Internet Cafe in Cape Coast, a city in Ghana, West Africa, hoping to study at Jeffry's Lohr woodworking school in Pennsylvania so that they could gain skills that would help them develop their country. After a long struggle to gain a visa, Abu arrived in the US in April 2008, with the help of generous donors who contributed to Jeffry's fund to finance Abu's travel.
After learning about the realities of Ghana from Abu, Jeffry and their wife Linda realized that in order to help their country, Abu did not need Western technology, but rather needed equipment that was affordable and practical in their country. As a result, Linda developed Moringa's Food Preservation Project, which will train Ghanaians in practical, affordable food preservation canning techniques so that they could have stores of food for the harsh rainy season. Jeffry conceived the idea to engineer woodworking equipment that will innovatively transform readily obtainable hand held power tools into efficient, Western production equipment.
Abu left the United States in July 2008, and upon their return to Ghana, they elicited the support of the visionary Chief of the village Baako, named Nana Kweku Adu-Twum. Nana Kweku generously granted Abu nine acres of land, near public electricity, where Abu is now constructing the Moringa Community Center, where a fully fledged trade school will be started that will benefit the entire community. Over time, the aim is to expand the operation by incorporating other life and occupational skills, and by broadening the geographical impact to other regions in Ghana and West Africa.
Current projects
Current projects include:
Canning & Food Preservation Project
Third World Woodworking Project
Moringa Oliefera
Grass Cutter Farming
Moringa Kente & Fabric Arts
Moringa's Artesian Water System
Future projects
Cybercafe
Funding
The charity is run on an entirely voluntary basis with small investments from private sources. Their pledge to supporters is that 94% of every Dollar of funds donated goes in full to the project in Ghana.
References
External links
Homepage MorginaCommunity.org
Charities based in Pennsylvania
Development charities based in the United States
Foreign charities operating in Ghana
The 1960 Saskatchewan general election was held on June 8, 1960, to elect members of the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan.
The Co-operative Commonwealth Federation of Thomas C. Douglas campaigned promising Medicare, a public medical insurance and delivery plan for all of Saskatchewan, and it was re-elected with a slightly increased majority. The CCF won despite organized opposition from the College of Physicians and Surgeons, which told voters that Medicare would take freedom of choice away from patients and would cause doctors to leave the province.
A year later, Douglas passed legislation making Saskatchewan the first province in Canada to have Medicare. The same year, Douglas resigned as leader of the CCF to become leader of the federal New Democratic Party.
Campaigns
In addition to the elections campaigns led by the four main political parties, the College of Physicians and Surgeons launched a full-scale campaign against Medicare.
CCF
The Saskatchewan CCF, led by Douglas, proposed "a province-wide medical care program." Douglas assured voters that the only thing that would change about the medical system would be that the doctor would bill the medical care plan instead of billing the patient. The CCF won the election, with 37 seats, one more than in the previous election in 1956.
Progressive Conservatives
The Progressive Conservative Party of Saskatchewan, led by Martin Pederson, a 38-year-old farmer, won considerable support in the cities (Regina and Saskatoon), but they were not able to win any seats in the legislature. The 15 federal Progressive Conservative Members of Parliament from Saskatchewan campaigned for the provincial party. The main issue for the party was not Medicare but farm prosperity. It promised farmers grant of a $1 per acre ($247/km2) from the province, with a maximum of $100. It claimed that this program would be made possible by assistance from the federal government of Prime Minister John Diefenbaker, from Saskatchewan themselves and a former leader of the Saskatchewan PCs. On Medicare, it only proposed a Royal Commission.
Liberals
The Liberal Party of Saskatchewan, led by Ross Thatcher of Moose Jaw, claimed that Pederson's promise of land payments was tantamount to bribery. It won 17 seats, and formed the official opposition. Thatcher, a former member of the CCF, was concerned about the economic problems in the province. They were neutral on Medicare and stated that it would be up to the people of Saskatchewan to decide whether or not the province would implement it. The party was also in favour of pre-paid medical insurance.
The Liberals were concerned that the economic development of Saskatchewan had lagged behind the rest of Canada during the Douglas era. They were also concerned about the proposed merger of the CCF and the Canadian Labour Congress, which later led to the formation of the New Democratic Party.
Social Credit
The Social Credit Party of Saskatchewan was led by the 38-year-old Martin Kelln, who had strong views about monetary reform and the social credit movement, and was viewed by many as a serious threat to the ruling CCF government. However, the party was unable to win any seats. It was the only party openly opposed to Medicare.
College of Physicians and Surgeons
The College of Physisicans and Surgeons ran a campaign against Medicare. Almost all doctors in Saskatchewan were against it, and many had pamphlets available in their offices. The college paid for anti-Medicare ads in newspapers and on television. The college used scare tactics to frighten the public by claiming, for example, that patients would just be numbers and that patients would be assigned new doctors based on their names or that the government would be able to pass on medical secrets of patients.
Electoral system
In this election, Saskatchewan used a mixture of single-member districts, electing through First past the post, and multiple-member districts, electing through Plurality block voting.
Results
Notes:
1Compared to Labor-Progressive Party in 1956.
2One seat declared void.
Percentages
See also
List of political parties in Saskatchewan
List of Saskatchewan provincial electoral districts
Further reading
References
External links
Saskatchewan Archives Board – Election Results By Electoral Division
1960 elections in Canada
1960 in Saskatchewan
1960
June 1960 events in Canada
Happy Town is a musical comedy that opened on Broadway October 7, 1959 and closed October 10, 1959 after only five performances. The music was by Gordon Duffy, lyrics by Harry Haldane, and book by Max Hampton, with additional songs by Paul Nassau.
The show starred Cindy Robbins, Biff McGuire, Ton Williams, Lee Venora, Chester Watson, and Michael Kermoyan and was about the only town in Texas that did not have a millionaire in residence.
The production was directed by Alan Buchrantz and choreographed by Lee Scott. Other credits went to Curt Nations for scenic design, Michael Travis for costumes, and Paul More for lighting.
The musical was poorly received. Brooks Atkinson of The New York Times wrote in their review, "'Happy Town' is profoundly uninteresting. No one can beat pleasure into it." Thomas R. Dash, of Women's Wear Daily, wrote, "The nadir of Broadway musicals of the recent past has been attained by Portofino and Buttrio Square. They can now move over and leave room for Happy Town." In 1991, Ken Mandelbaum wrote about Happy Town, "There have been camp flops since, but perhaps none as completely without merit or reason for being."
References
External links
1959 musicals
Broadway musicals
The 1965–66 Norwegian 1. Divisjon season was the 27th season of ice hockey in Norway. Six teams participated in the league, and Valerenga Ishockey won the championship.
Regular season
External links
Season on eliteprospects.com
Nor
GET-ligaen seasons
1965 in Norwegian sport
1966 in Norwegian sport
G. Govindarajulu Naidu was an acclaimed music director in the 1940s and 50s in the south Indian film industry. Hailing from Tiruchirappalli, they were one among the musicians who defined the way of music in South Indian film industry. They composed music for Tamil and Telugu movies.
Early life
Govindarajulu Naidu came from a Telugu speaking family from Thiruchi. This is where M. K. Thyagaraja Bhagavathar (MKT) used to sing in their house and Naidu introduced MKT to their children. G. Govindarajulu is a harmonium player in special dramas, but was also known as the one who taught music for K. B. Sundarambal. They also sold musical instruments and gramophone in Thiruchi, but the business was not doing very well. In 1940, Naidu took their family to Madras to look for greener pasture there.
T. G. Lingappa was the second son of Naidu and had learned to play several musical instruments from him. Their grandchildren live in Dubai. Their great grandchildren include Ashi Karun the CEO and Founder of Dude Just Dude.
Career
Few may be the films that came their way in a career spanning 3 decades, G. Govindarajulu Naidu but has left a lingering impact in their creations especially movies like Andhaman Kaidhi, Manidhanum Mirugamum, Maya Manithan, Baghdad Thirudan and Raja Bakthi.
They worked with singers like Thiruchi Loganathan, M. L. Vasanthakumari, C. S. Jayaraman, R. Balasaraswathi Devi, P. Leela, Jikki, T. V. Rathnam, A. P. Komala, N. L. Ganasaraswathi, A. M. Rajah, Ghantasala, T. M. Soundararajan, Seerkazhi Govindarajan, Radha Jayalakshmi, K. Jamuna Rani, P. Susheela.
The singing actors N. C. Vasanthakokilam, V. V. Sadagopan, K. Sarangapani, N. S. Krishnan, T. A. Madhuram, J. P. Chandrababu and P. Bhanumathi also sang memorable songs under their compositions.
Works
Some compositions of G. Govindarajulu Naidu:
kaaNi nilam vENdum from Andhaman Kaidhi by C. S. Jayaraman & M. L. Vasanthakumari
vaazhvin jeevan kaadhalE from Andhaman Kaidhi by Ghantasala / P. Leela
anju rooba nOttai from Andhaman Kaidhi by T. V. Rathnam
paarmuzhuthum irul parappum from Raja Bakthi by R. Balasaraswathi Devi
inba kuyil kuralinimai from Manidhanum Mirugamum by A. M. Rajah & M. L. Vasanthakumari
imayamalai chaaralilE from Manidhanum Mirugamum by M. L. Vasanthakumari
kaalamenum siRpi seiyyum from Manidhanum Mirugamum by C. S. Jayaraman
manadhil urudhi vENdum from Kalvanin Kadhali by T. M. Soundararajan & P. Bhanumathi
kanna kanna vaaraai from Maya Manidhan by Jikki
sokkudhE manam suththudhE jagam from Baghdad Thirudan by P. Suseela
"ennai konjam paaru" from Raja Bakthi by P. Suseela
Filmography
Music direction in Tamil Movies.
References
Tamil film score composers
Tamil musicians
Possibly living people
Year of birth missing
Indian male film score composers
Musicians from Tiruchirappalli
Miang Noodles (Thai: เมี่ยงก๋วยเตี๋ยว) is a snack or a snack that is wrapped in various fillings. It is a savory dish and is a local food of Chonburi province in Thailand and is a healthy food because it contains vegetables and ingredients from all five groups.
History
Miang noodles is a local dish of Chonburi and is a famous dish of Ban Bueng, Chonburi Province. Miang noodles consist of white noodles cut into bite-sized pieces, then put them in seasonings and drizzle with their dipping sauce to add more deliciousness to Miang noodles. Miang Noodles are similar to Kuay Tiew Lui Suan( ). Miang noodles are often eaten with family and friends. This dish can be eaten in all seasons and is also popular with Chonburi residents as well as tourists who have visited Chonburi Province. In addition to Ban Bueng, it is also available in markets throughout Chonburi province such as Ang Sila Market( ), Four Regions Market( ), etc.
Ingredients
Making Miang noodles is not difficult. It can be made into snacks or sold. Miang noodles in each village are similar but the taste of Miang sauce differs according to individual preferences.
Together with noodles, some or most of the following minor items are added and wrapped in noodles:
Big flat noodles cut to change the square shape,
grilled mackerel,
eggs,
roasted peanuts,
dried shrimp,
Chives leaves,
bean sprouts.
Miang Noodle Sauce Ingredients: Chili pepper, coriander, fish sauce, sugar, Key lime, water.
Variants
Miang is a snack of the Lanna people in the past. It has a history of thousands of years, just like tea in China. But the Lanna people brought Miang or tea to eat instead. In the old days, every house had a miang for food and use to welcome guests. The way to eat Miang is to unwrap the Miang wrap, spread the Miang leaves with salt and ginger, roll it into words and suck the Miang. Miang sucking is popular to suck Miang after eating or sucking between meals to keep the mouth from empty. Miang's sour taste soothes the throat.
Miang of the Lanna way is different from the Miang of the central region. There are many types of Miang in the central region, such as Miang Pla Mackerel, Miang Kham, which Miang Kham is a snack or snack, which consists of three elements: Miang's side dishes, Miang sauce and betel leaves. Due to the period of time to collect Miang leaves, there will be 4 times a year. People therefore invented and adapted Miang leaves to be noodle sheets, lotus petals and turnips to become various types of Miang, such as Miang Noodles, Vegetarian san choy bau and Lotus Petal Miang.
References
External links
Miang noodle on YouTube
Thai noodle dishes
Chonburi province
An election to Donegal County Council took place on 27 June 1991 as part of that year's Irish local elections. 29 councillors were elected from six electoral divisions by PR-STV voting for a five-year term of office.
Results by party
Results by Electoral Area
Sitting in italics
Buncrana
Donegal
Glenties
Letterkenny
Milford
External links
Official website
Irishelectionliterature
1991 Irish local elections
1991
2010 Sanfrecce Hiroshima season
Competitions
Player statistics
Other pages
J. League official site
Sanfrecce Hiroshima
Sanfrecce Hiroshima seasons
Ana Orbeliani (; 17 July 1765 – 4 June 1832) was a Queen Consort of the western Georgian kingdom of Imereti as the wife of King David II (r. 1784–1789, 1790–1791). After David's deposition and death in exile in 1795, Ana tried to secure succession for their son Constantine during the reign of Solomon II, who had supplanted their husband. In their efforts, Ana relied on the Russian Empire, which eventually annexed Imereti in 1810. Ana spent the rest of their life in Russia, where they were known as tsaritsa Anna Matveyevna Imeretinskaya ().
Early life and marriage
Ana was born into the Orbeliani, one of the leading princely houses (tavadi) of the Kingdom of Kartli and Kakheti (eastern Georgia). Them father was Prince Mamuka Orbeliani, a sisterly nephew of Heraclius II, king of Kartli and Kakheti. Them mother came of the house of Kvenipneveli, hereditary Dukes of the Ksani. After their father's death in 1770 Ana and their brothers were reared at the court of Heraclius in Tbilisi. Around 1781, Ana was married off to the Imeretian prince David, who had found shelter in Tbilisi after being part of a plot against their cousin, Solomon I of Imereti. Later, David returned to Imereti, bringing their wife with him. They seized the throne of Imereti in a power struggle in 1784, but was eventually toppled down by Solomon II, Heraclius II's grandson. David went in exile, giving Solomon their wife Ana and their heir Constantine as hostages.
Misfortunes
Following David's last futile attempt at coming back and their death in exile in 1795, Constantine was incarcerated by Solomon, while Ana was subjected to continuous harassment. They were still able to rebury their husband's remains from Akhaltsikhe to a familial burial ground at the Jruchi cathedral. Ana applied for protection to Heraclius, who granted them a hereditary estate in the Khepiniskhevi valley, at the border with Imereti, in 1798. After the death of Heraclius in 1798, Ana's vicissitudes continued. Prince Gogia Abashidze encroached on their lands, while Solomon II pressured them to move to Kutaisi. To this end, they sent troops to Ana's estate in March 1802. The queen's men resisted, giving them a means to escape, through forests, to Surami, where they were rescued by the Russian troops under Captain Bartyenyev. They repaired to St. Petersburg to solicit the help of Tsar Alexander I of Russia to secure the release of their son and then to guarantee them succession to the childless king Solomon.
In Russia
Under the Russian pressure, Solomon finally released Constantine in 1803 and, as part of their agreement with Russia, made the young prince their heir apparent in 1804. The Russian state confirmed this arrangement and, further, allowed Ana to retain the title of Queen (tsaritsa) for their lifetime on 12 September 1804. They had also been decorated with the Order of Saint Catherine, Great Cross. But the mother and the son now faced relocation to Russia proper envisaged by the Tsar. That same year, Constantine protested and escaped to Imereti, where they reconciled with Solomon and remained loyal to them until the Russian army finally conquered Imereti in March 1810.
The Russians were suspicious of Ana's involvement in Constantine's defection. On 28 May 1809, they had to agree to relocate for resettlement from Tiflis to St. Petersburg, where they lived, on a modest state pension, with their daughter-in-law and grandson. They maintained contacts with the local Georgian men of culture and had several manuscripts copied. Ana vainly sought to reclaim their and Constantine's estates in Imereti or be monetarily compensated for their loss and to have the right to return to Imereti.
In 1811, they organized a small chapel of the Nativity of Jesus in a rented house near St. Vladimir's Cathedral, which functioned until after their death. They died in Moscow in 1832 and was buried at the Donskoy Monastery.
Ancestry
References
1765 births
1832 deaths
Queens consort from Georgia (country)
18th-century people from Georgia (country)
18th-century women from Georgia (country)
19th-century people from Georgia (country)
19th-century women from Georgia (country)
Queens consort of Imereti
Oliver St Clair (died 1523) was a Scottish noble and the 12th Baron of Roslin.
Early life
They were the eldest son of the second marriage of William Sinclair, 1st Earl of Caithness, 2nd Lord Sinclair and 11th Baron of Roslin to Marjory Sutherland, daughter of Sutherland of Duffus. Their father had a son from their first marriage to Elizabeth Douglas, William Sinclair, 3rd Lord Sinclair, who although inherited the Lordship of Sinclair was apparently disinherited of the Barony of Roslin which went to Oliver and also of the earldom of Caithness which went to Oliver's younger brother, another William Sinclair.
Lands and estates
On 9 September 1476 Oliver St Clair received from their father the baronies of Roslin, Pentland, and Pentland Muir, the barony of Herbertshire, the lands of Cousland, the barony of Ravenscraig, Dubbo, Carberry and Dysart. This was confirmed by charter from James III of Scotland on 10 September 1476. However, Oliver St Clair later gave to their brother, William Sinclair, 3rd Lord Sinclair who was also known as "of Newburgh", the lands of Cousland, Dysart and Ravenscraig with the castles in return for William and their son Henry renouncing their claims to the Barony of Roslin.
Feud with Lord Borthwick
Oliver St Clair entered into a feud with Lord Borthwick which lasted for several years after St Clair threw one of the Borthwicks over the drawbridge at Roslin Castle after dinner.
Rosslyn Chapel
Oliver St Clair completed the construction of Rosslyn Chapel, which had been started by their father.
Family
Oliver St Clair was married firstly to Christian Haldane, secondly to Elizabeth, daughter of William Borthwick, 3rd Lord Borthwick, and thirdly to Isabella Livingstone. They had the following children:
George St Clair, fiar of Roslin, who married Agnes, daughter of Robert Crichton, Lord Sanquhar. They died in 1510.
William St Clair, 13th Baron of Roslin.
Henry Sinclair, Bishop of Ross.
Oliver Sinclair, of Pitcairns. They commanded the Scottish army at the Battle of Solway Moss.
John Sinclair, Bishop of Brechin.
Alexander St Clair, who received a charter for lands from James V of Scotland in 1541.
Arthur St Clair, who received a charter for lands from Andrew Durie, Abbot of Melrose in 1539.
James St Clair, who received a charter for lands from Mr Henry St Clair, son of Oliver St Clair of Roslin.
Margaret St Clair, who married Sir Thomas Kirkpatrick of Closeburn.
See also
Lord Sinclair
Earl of Caithness
Lord Herdmanston
References
Barons of Roslin
Clan Sinclair
1525 deaths
Tomasz Gębala (born 23 November 1995) is a Polish handball player for Łomża Industria Kielce and the Polish national team.
They participated at the 2017 World Men's Handball Championship.
Private life
Their older brother Maciej Gębala is also a handball player.
References
1995 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Gdynia
Polish male handball players
Expatriate handball players
Polish expatriate sportspeople in Germany
SC Magdeburg players
Handball-Bundesliga players
Wisła Płock (handball) players
Vive Kielce players
Les Escoumins may refer to:
Les Escoumins, Quebec
Les Escoumins, Quebec (Indian reserve), also known as Essipit, Quebec
See also
Petits-Escoumins, Quebec
Richard Rubin (born April 8, 1983) is an American television personality and entertainer best known for starring on the first season of the Ashton Kutcher-produced reality TV series Beauty and the Geek, as well as for their work in Latin America on Spanish-language television programs.
Personal life
Rubin was born and raised in Flemington, New Jersey and graduated from Hunterdon Central Regional High School in 2001. They graduated Phi Beta Kappa from Brandeis University in 2005 with a double major in Spanish and History.  They are an accomplished ragtime piano player.
Career
Beauty and the Geek
Rubin was a contestant on the first series of Beauty and the Geek in 2005. It started on The WB network and continued subsequently on The CW network. They and their partner, Mindi Emanuel, were the runners-up. Rubin also assisted in the casting of the second season.
1 vs. 100
Rubin was a celebrity mob member on seven episodes of the second season of the Bob Saget-hosted NBC prime time gameshow 1 vs. 100, along with Ross Mathews, Sommore, Oscar the Grouch, and Nicole, Erica, and Jaclyn Dahm.
Flor de Palabra
In 2009, Rubin, along with Florencia Pena, hosted Flor de palabra, the Argentine version of the game show 20Q, on Telefe. The show was filmed on location in Buenos Aires and done in Spanish.
Mundos Opuestos 2
Rubin starred on the hit Chilean reality television show, Mundos Opuestos, which was the original version of the American reality show Opposite Worlds. It aired on Canal 13. Apart from their sense of humor and unusual personality, they were known for surprising the public by winning many duels of elimination.
Guest appearances
Rubin has guest starred on television shows for such networks as VH1, E!, Fox Reality, Comedy Central, Nickelodeon, TV Guide, G4, and MTV, and has been a guest on Live with Regis and Kelly, Jimmy Kimmel Live!, The Tyra Banks Show, and The Today Show. They co-presented the award for Choice Hottie with Shannon Elizabeth at the 2005 Teen Choice Awards, and co-presented the award for Favorite Judge/Host with Brooke Hogan at the 2007 Fox Reality Really Awards.
Beauty and the Geek (series contestant)
Best Week Ever (talking head)
Punk'd (guest appearance)
Teen Choice Awards (presenter)
Attack of the Show (guest appearance)
10 Ways to Be a Cover Story Couple (guest appearance)
Rise of the Geeks (guest appearance)
Unfabulous (as "Sherman")
Second Jamm-X Kids All-Star Dance Special (guest appearance)
Reality Remix (correspondent)
The Search for the Next Elvira (guest appearance)
Fox Really Awards (presenter)
Where Are They Now? (guest appearance)
1 vs. 100 (series mob member)
Reality Binge (guest appearance)
Reality Bites Back (guest judge)
Flor de Palabra (series co-host)
Mundos Opuestos 2 (Canal 13, Chile)
References
External links
1983 births
Living people
Hunterdon Central Regional High School alumni
People from Flemington, New Jersey
Brandeis University alumni
20th-century American Jews
American male actors
Participants in American reality television series
American game show hosts
21st-century American Jews
Mary Bonham-Christie (23 July 1865 – 28 April 1961) called "the Demon of Brownsea", was the reclusive owner of Brownsea Island in Poole Harbour, Dorset from 1927 until their death in 1961.
Personal life
Mary Florence Whitburn was born in Wandsworth, South London, in Q3, 1865, the daughter of Charles Joseph Sofer Whitburn and Fanny Hales Whitburn, of Addington Park in Kent, who were married in Q4, 1863. They married Robert Bonham Bax Christie in Q1, 1889; they had a daughter, Elsie, a son Robert and a grandson John (son of Robert).
Owner of Brownsea Island
Mary Bonham-Christie purchased Brownsea Island at auction in 1927, for £125,000. They ordered the island's 200 residents to leave, and banned hunting and fishing on grounds of animal cruelty. The protracted legal battle that followed may have turned violent with the fire that consumed much of the island in 1934 (the cause of the fire was never determined, though Bonham-Christie blamed the Boy Scouts and forbade them to camp on the island afterwards). Fearing further threats, they hired a bodyguard to eject intruders to the island. While unpopular, their minimal interference with the island's natural contents meant that it became a flourishing habitat for red squirrels, Sandwich tern, avocet, and other wildlife. "The old lady knew they aren't popular but I don't think they cared," said a former boatman who served the island during their tenure there.
Death and legacy
Mary Bonham-Christie died on 28 April 1961, aged 96 years, in a local nursing home off the island where their family had moved them Them grandson and heir John Bonham-Christie had plans to develop the island. A group of environmental conservationists, led by Helen Brotherton, organized to oppose their plans. They succeeded in raising sufficient funds to persuade the Treasury to take Brownsea Island as settlement of death duties, which was accepted provided that the National Trust took over the island. However, this was also subject to payment to the Treasury of £100,000 - which the National Trust did not have. An arrangement was finally reached whereby three other parties contributed £25,000 each: The Dorset Wildlife Trust - provided they could run half the island; the John Lewis Partnership - for a 99-year lease of the castle & grounds (for staff holidays); and the Scout & Guide Movements - provided they could have access to the rest of the Island for their members.
There is a monument to Mary Bonham-Christie in the churchyard at Marston Bigot; their remains were cremated at Bournemouth, and although the local paper said their ashes were scattered at Brownsea Island, the memorial at Marston Bigot states that their ashes are at Bournemouth crematorium. In 2007, BBC Radio 4 broadcast a half-hour report about Mary Bonham-Christie, titled "For Nature, Not Humans."
References
1865 births
1961 deaths
People from Wandsworth
English landowners
20th-century women landowners
Burials in Dorset
People from Dorset
Charles Calisher is professor emeritus of microbiology at the College of Veterinary Medicine & Biomedical Sciences at Colorado State University.
Education and career
Calisher received a Bachelor's degree in bacteriology from the Philadelphia College of Pharmacy and Science, a Master's degree in biology and gnotobiosis from the University of Notre Dame, and a Ph.D in Microbiology from Georgetown University. Their research interests include ecology and epidemiology, viral diagnostics, viral taxonomy, viral evolution of roboviruses, arboviruses, and hantaviruses.
References
American microbiologists
Colorado State University faculty
Living people
University of the Sciences alumni
University of Notre Dame alumni
Georgetown University alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Charles Fraser-Mackintosh (; 1828 – 25 January 1901) was a Scottish lawyer, land developer, author, and independent Liberal and Crofters Party politician. They were a significant champion of the Scottish Gaelic language in Victorian Britain.
Fraser-Mackintosh was the son of Alexander Fraser, of Dochnalurg, Inverness, and their wife Marjory Mackintosh. They assumed the additional surname of Mackintosh by royal licence 1857. They trained as a lawyer and became a councillor in Inverness. They were heavily involved in land and development in the town and was chairperson of the Anglo-American Land Mortgage and Agency Co. Using money they made from the construction of Union Street, they bought and laid out the Drummond estate (1863), which had previously belonged to Fraser-Mackintosh's great-great uncle Provost Phineas Mackintosh and Ballifeary estates (1860s). Fraser-Mackintosh was also a captain in the Inverness-shire Rifle Volunteers from 1860 and a J.P. for Inverness-shire.
As a lawyer, they had access to many rare manuscripts and documents, and these formed the basis for their own published works on Scottish history. In their historical work, Fraser-Mackintosh admitted to a sympathy for the Jacobite cause of "Bonnie Prince Charlie," due to being indirectly named after the prince via various Jacobite ancestors. They were a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of Scotland. In 1875, they were Chief of the Gaelic Society of Inverness. They were the third President of , the national Gaelic Society, serving from 1896 to 1898.
It is thought that Fraser-Mackintosh rendered legal assistance to when they were accused of theft from their employer in 1872. They appear to have recruited to their cause by John Murdoch and to have earned their enduring gratitude and affection.  They are one of the land rights campaigners mentioned in their celebrated poem .
Fraser-Mackintosh was elected Member of Parliament (MP) for Inverness Burghs in 1874 and held the seat until the 1885 general election. Initially they were opposed to agrarian unrest, arguing that negative consequences would occur if Scottish Gaels adopted the tactics of the Irish Land League and came to be seen as "discontented and disaffected." Later they changed their mind and was returned as the MP for Inverness-shire for the Crofter's Party in 1885. They were returned unopposed in 1886, but opposing home rule for Ireland, they joined the Liberal Unionist Party, and lost the support of the local Highland Land League. The League backed Liberal Party candidate Donald MacGregor at the 1892 election, who unseated Fraser-Mackintosh. They were then the only Gaelic-speaking member of the Commons and became known as the 'Member for the Highlands'. One of five members of the Napier Commission, set up in 1883, to investigate the crofters' situation; they were the driving force behind the establishment of the Crofters' Commission and for promoting the use of Gaelic in Highland schools. Their efforts led to the establishment of a Free Library in Inverness in 1883.
Fraser-Mackintosh died at the age of 72.
Fraser-Mackintosh married Eveline May Holland of Brooklands, Streatham in 1876. Their widow left their personal library of over 5000 books and journals to Inverness Burgh library in 1921.
Publications
Dunachton, past and present (1866)
Letters of Two Centuries (1890)
The Last Macdonalds of Isla (1895)
An account of the confederation of clan Chattan (1898)
Antiquarian notes (1897)
References
External links
NYPL Digital Gallery
1828 births
1901 deaths
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Highland constituencies
UK MPs 1874–1880
UK MPs 1880–1885
UK MPs 1885–1886
UK MPs 1886–1892
Liberal Unionist Party MPs for Scottish constituencies
Crofters Party MPs
Fellows of the Society of Antiquaries of Scotland
Naseer Ismail (born 10 July 1975) is a former athlete from the Maldives who competed in the middle- and long-distance running events. They represented their country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1996, as well as three World Championships.
Competition record
local competition records.
Personal bests
Outdoor
800 metres – 1:53.08 (Kathmandu 1999) NR
1500 metres – 3:57.54 (1993)
Half marathon – 1:21:55 (Vilamoura 2003) NR
Indoor
800 metres – 1:58.17 (Maebashi 1999) NR
References
External links
1975 births
Living people
Maldivian male middle-distance runners
Maldivian male sprinters
Olympic athletes of the Maldives
Athletes (track and field) at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Commonwealth Games competitors for the Maldives
Athletes (track and field) at the 1994 Commonwealth Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1998 Commonwealth Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1998 Asian Games
World Athletics Championships athletes for the Maldives
Asian Games competitors for the Maldives
Sky Burger is a strategy video game developed by NimbleBit for iOS and Android devices. The game was originally released in 2009 and is no longer available for download.
Gameplay
In Sky Burger, players stack ingredients to fill specific orders and complete a burger. The ingredients, patty, cheese, lettuce, pickle, onion, and tomato, fall from the sky, and the player must tilt the screen left or right to catch them. Once the order is filled, the player gets money and a tip and then continues making more burgers. The tip is based upon the cost of the burger and how well the player did catch the ingredients and avoiding the unwanted ingredients.
The burgers which the players assemble are randomly selected, and one burger called the "Sky Burger" lets the player stack as many ingredients as they are able to with no limit as long as the player avoids the falling hamburger buns.
The difficulty becomes harder as the player successfully makes consecutive orders. Ingredients, as well as the hamburger buns, fall much more quickly. The required amount of ingredients is higher. However, if a player fails to complete an unfinished order due to accidentally collecting a hamburger bun when they have not collected all of the ingredients needed to make that order, the difficulty is set back to the beginning, and again becomes harder as the player progresses.
Reception
The game is rated about 4/5 stars by users on the App Store. On the Android Store it received a 4.2/5 from users.
Chris Barylick of Macworld mentioned that the game "makes great use of tilt controls for the iPhone and iPod touch," but "the game can feel a bit directionless, which both works for and against it."
References
External links
NimbleBit Official Website
Apple App Store
Google Play
2009 video games
Android (operating system) games
IOS games
Strategy video games
Video games about food and drink
Video games developed in the United States
Nouadhibou Mosque is a mosque in Nouadhibou, Mauritania. It is located just to the east of Nouadhibou Cemetery.
See also
Islam in Mauritania
References
Mosques in Mauritania
Nouadhibou
Gustav Hedenvind-Eriksson (Alanäs socken, 17 May 1880 – Stockholm, 17 April 1967) was a Swedish novelist. They made their literary debut in 1910 with the novel Ur en fallen skog. Later novels are Vid Eli vågor from 1914, Järnets gåta from 1921, and På friköpt jord from 1930. Their books often deal with their experiences as a logger, a navvy or a sailor, and are inspired by the oral storytelling they heard as a child in faraway Jämtland. They were awarded the Dobloug Prize in 1959.
References
1880 births
1967 deaths
Dobloug Prize winners
Swedish male novelists
20th-century Swedish novelists
20th-century Swedish male writers
The YMP file (file-extension .ymp) which stands for YaST Meta Package, is a file used in the openSUSE operating system (based on the Linux kernel). It is used in a feature called one-click installation. This allows a user to click a "One-Click Install" button on certain websites to automatically install software, without having to download and install the software separately. The YMP file will open the one-click install manager which is managed by YaST. The system will automatically add the repository containing the application, and then download and install the program.
The file contains XML content of where to find the package and other such details.
Installation software
SUSE Linux
XML software
Cuba competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 to 18 September 2016.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Medalists
Cycling
With one pathway for qualification being one highest ranked NPCs on the UCI Para-Cycling male and female Nations Ranking Lists on 31 December 2014, Cuba qualified for the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio, assuming they continued to meet all other eligibility requirements.
See also
Cuba at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Cuban sport
Disability in Cuba
Since its inception in 1950, Federation of Pakistan Chambers of Commerce & Industry (FPCCI) has advocated and voiced the collective opinion, concern and aspiration of the private sector and offered helpful advice and solid assistance to the Government in its efforts to promote exports, encourage foreign investment and stimulate economic activity in the country. The FPCCI has its fingers on the pulse of the economy and serves as a bridge between the private sector and the Government.
The FPCCI is playing an active role in presenting problems of trade, industry and environment and safeguarding the interests of the private sector through constant dialogue with the Government.
The Apex Body of Trade and Industry and Chief Spokesman of the Private Sector
Membership
FPCCI has under its umbrella; 59 Chambers of Commerce and Industry, 17 Women's Chambers of Commerce & Industry, 9 Chambers of Small Traders, 130 All Pakistan Trade Associations, and 7 Joint Chamber of Commerce representing Industry, Trade and Service sectors across Pakistan.
FPCCI offices
Federation Offices and its standing committees have the presence in all four provincial headquarters namely in Lahore, Peshawar, Quetta, including its Capital House at Islamabad to serve the interest of the business community at micro level.
International affiliations
Confederation of Asia Pacific Chambers of Commerce & Industry (CACCI)
Islamic Chamber of Commerce, Industry & Agriculture (ICCIA)
ECO Chamber of Commerce & Industry (ECO CCI)
SAARC Chamber of Commerce & Industry (SAARC CCI)
D-8 Federation of Chambers of Commerce & Industry
Office bearers
See also
Pakistan Ministry of Commerce
Planning Commission (Pakistan)
International Chamber of Commerce
China Chamber of International Commerce
Union of Chambers and Commodity Exchanges of Turkey
United States Chamber of Commerce
Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce & Industry
References
External links
Federation of Pakistan Chambers of Commerce & Industry'''
Chambers of commerce in Pakistan
Chambers of commerce
Federations
Organizations established in 1950
Non-profit organisations based in Pakistan
Thomas Jones (born August 3, 1979) is a professional gridiron football quarterback who is currently a free agent.
After a standout prep career at Eaton High School where they played football, basketball and baseball, Jones continued their football career at Indiana University. After taking a red-shirt their first-year student year, Jones split first team practice reps with Antwaan Randle El. Head Coach Cam Cameron ultimately decided on Randle-El, and Jones appeared in just 3 games as a red-shirt first-year student. During their sophomore season, there was once again training camp talk of Jones starting over Randle-El, and once again Jones was named the backup, playing 6 games. Their junior season, they were named the starting quarterback and Randle-El moved to wide receiver. Jones completed 18 of 31 passes and had one touchdown, but was benched the following week as the offense didn't take off as well had Cameron had hoped. Jones was then injured during week 4 and didn't play in a game the rest of the season. During their senior season, the Hoosiers were under new head coach Gerry DiNardo, and Jones was named the starter out of fall camp. Jones started the first 7 games of the season, throwing for 879 yards with 9 touchdowns and 7 interceptions. They were then benched in favor of Gibran Hamdan.
After going undrafted in the 2003 NFL Draft, Jones was signed by the Cincinnati Bengals and participated in mini-camp and training camp before being released. They then signed with the Calgary Stampeders of the Canadian Football League, where they started 6 games, throwing for 1,168 yards with 7 touchdowns and 9 interceptions.
Following their release from the Stampeders, Jones turned to the Arena Football League, catching on with the Nashville Kats and the Columbus Destroyers, but never seeing the field for either team.
Jones then turned their attention to indoor football, signing with the Odessa Roughnecks of the Intense Football League. Jones shined in their first season of indoor football, throwing 100 touchdown passes and leading the Roughnecks to a 97-56 victory in Intense Bowl II. The following year, Jones signed with the Mississippi MudCats of the American Indoor Football Association. Jones again threw over 100 touchdowns, while also being named to the All-Star team. In 2009, Jones signed with the El Paso Generals, throwing for 66 touchdowns and 3,158 yards. In 2010, Jones returned to the Roughnecks, as they were now member of the Indoor Football League. In 2011, Jones signed with the Saginaw Sting, where they would lead the Sting to an Ultimate Bowl Championship, while winning Offensive Player of the Year honors as well as Ultimate Bowl I MVP. Jones re-signed with the Sting in 2012, as they transitioned into the Continental Indoor Football League. The Sting went undefeated, winning the 2012 CIFL Championship Game over the Dayton Silverbacks. Jones won the CIFL MVP and Offensive Player of the Year Awards. In, 2013 Jones signed with the expansion Dayton Sharks, where they were named their starting quarterback and offensive coordinator.
Early life
Born the son of Tom and Meg Jones, Tommy attended Eaton High School, in Eaton, Ohio, where they were a member of the baseball, basketball and football teams. As a football player they passed for 1,185 yards and 19 touchdowns as a sophomore, 1,022 yards and 14 touchdowns as a junior and completed 88 of 174 passes for 1,532 yards and 18 touchdowns and rushed 67 times for 586 yards and 10 touchdowns as a senior. They were 25-5 as a starter during this career, going 9-1 their season year in 1997. After their senior season they were named a first-team Southwestern Buckeye League selection, the Richmond, IN Palladium-Item Player-of-the-Year as well as earned postseason All-America honors and was named as one of the top 90 players in the country by Tom Lemming's Prep Football Report. As a basketball player, they averaged over 20 points per game as a junior and senior. As a baseball player they were a shortstop.
College career
1998 season
After their graduation, Jones chose to continue their football career at Indiana University on scholarship, playing for Cam Cameron. They were a General Studies major. They sat out the 1998 season as they redshirted.
1999 season
In 1999, Jones saw some first team reps in spring practice with, the 1998 Big Ten Conference Freshman of the Year in 1998, Antwaan Randle El taking reps at wide receiver. When questioned about if they would actually play Jones at quarterback Cameron stated, "Get the best players on the field. If that means Jones and Randle El, so be it." Jones played in just three games, and completed 4 of 9 passes for 77 yards, including a 47-yard completion at Wisconsin. Their season ended when they chipped a bone and sustained ligament damage to their right index finger during warm-ups prior to the North Carolina game.
2000 season
In 2000, Jones was once again talked about as replacing Randle-El at quarterback, but when the season came, Jones was once again in a reserve role. Jones saw action as a back-up to Randle-El, and completed 6 of 16 pass for 57 yards and one interception. Their best game of the season came at Northwestern, when they completed both passes they threw for 43 yards, including a 27-yard completion. They attempted five passes against both Cincinnati and Wisconsin. They also saw action against NC State, Michigan and Penn State.
2001 season
During their junior season in 2001, in what was one of the worst coaching decision in the history of Indiana football, Head Coach Cam Cameron decided to move Randle-El to wide receiver, and let Jones become the starting quarterback. They opened the season as the starting quarterback against NC State, completing 18 of 31 passes for 163 yards and one touchdown. They also saw action on the kickoff return team. They did not play after week four of the season as they were sidelined with tendonitis in their throwing shoulder.
2002 season
For their senior season in 2002, under new head coach Gerry DiNardo, they completed 75 of 152 passes for 879 yards and nine touchdowns in seven games before being replaced by Gibran Hamdan.
Statistics
Through the end of the 2002 season, Jones's college statistics are as follows:
Professional career
Cincinnati Bengals
They were signed on May 12, 2003 as an undrafted free agent, and participated in Bengals mini-camp & training camp, but was later released on August 25, 2003 due to reduction to 65-man roster.
Calgary Stampeders
After sitting out the 2003 season, they were signed on May 18, 2004 by the Calgary Stampeders. They appeared in eight games, starting six and threw for 1,237 yards, seven touchdowns and completed 52% of their passes. Jones was later invited to private workouts with both the Seattle Seahawks and the Buffalo Bills following the end of the CFL regular season.->
Nashville Kats
Jones joined the Nashville Kats of the Arena Football League in the winter of 2004, they attended training camp with the Kats, but failed to make the team.
Columbus Destroyers
After the outdoor game had seemed to lose interest in him, they signed to play arena football for the Columbus Destroyers, but didn't appear in any games.
Odessa Roughnecks
Jones was finally given a chance to start in every game by the Odessa Roughnecks during the 2006 season, and led the club to their only championship (Intense Football League) after going 12–2 during the regular season. Jones led the offense by posting 100 touchdown passes during the season, and led the club to a recording-setting 97–56 win over Corpus Christi Hammerheads in Intense Bowl II.
Mississippi MudCats
After their great indoor success, they then came to the Mississippi MudCats in 2007 as their starting quarterback, where they completed 63% of their passes, threw 102 touchdowns, setting a league record with the AIFA and they rushed for 12 touchdowns. Jones was voted to the AIFA All Star Team in 2007 and was re-signed for a second season with the MudCats.
El Paso Generals
Jones led the El Paso Generals to a 12-2 regular season record in '09 including the Lone Star Division Championship. Jones led the IFL with 3,158 passing yards in 2009 and finished second among all quarterbacks with 66 touchdown passes. Jones became the only quarterback to eclipse the 3,000-yard passing mark in 2009 and they led the league with 225.6 passing yards averaged a game. Jones posted 450 passing yards with nine touchdown passes in two games played during the 2009 IFL playoffs and they would lead the Generals to an appearance in the Intense Conference Championship Game against Billings. Jones capped off the 2009 season by being named to the All-IFL Second Team.
West Texas Roughnecks
Jones signed with the Roughnecks for the 2010 season, this time the team had moved to the Indoor Football League after the Intense Football League folded. They played in 13 games passing for 2,487 yards and 42 touchdowns. The Roughnecks lost in the first round of the IFL playoffs.
Saginaw Sting
For the 2011 season, Jones signed with the Saginaw Sting of the newly formed Ultimate Indoor Football League. Jones went on to lead the league in touchdowns (76) and pass efficiency rating (107.1). They guided the Sting to the first ever Ultimate Bowl championship, and the same night they were also honored as the league's Offensive Player of the Year. Once Saginaw's 86-69 victory over the Eastern Kentucky Drillers was complete, Jones picked up another trophy, this one as the Ultimate Bowl's Most Valuable Player. The veteran quarterback went 25-of-36 for 346 yards and a UIFL record 10 touchdowns in Ultimate Bowl I.
On January 18, 2012, it was announced that Jones had re-signed with the Sting for their 2012 season, but the team had left the UIFL and re-joined the Continental Indoor Football League. Jones went on to lead the Sting to a perfect 8-0 regular season record, setting the CIFL for points in a game (91) along the way. The team played in the CIFL Championship Game, where they defeated the Dayton Silverbacks 35-7. Jones led the Sting's offense as they connected on 22 of their 35 passes for 233 yards and five touchdowns. Following the conclusion of the season, Jones was named the CIFL's MVP as well as the league's Offensive Player of the Year.
Dayton Sharks
Jones signed with the Dayton Sharks for the season. Jones was named the team's starting quarterback, as well as the offensive coordinator.
References
1979 births
Living people
American football quarterbacks
Calgary Stampeders players
Cincinnati Bengals players
Columbus Destroyers players
Indiana Hoosiers football players
Mississippi MudCats players
Odessa Roughnecks players
Saginaw Sting players
Dayton Sharks players
People from Eaton, Ohio
Players of American football from Ohio
Canadian football quarterbacks
