The International Organization for Medical Physics (IOMP) is a professional organization for medical physics with nearly 22,000 members in 84 countries.
Objectives and History
IOMP is charged with a mission to advance medical physics practice worldwide by disseminating scientific and technical information, fostering the educational and professional development of medical physics and promoting the highest quality medical services for patients.
IOMP was formed in January 1963 initially with 4 affiliated national member organizations (Canada, Sweden, UK, USA). After 50 years of active existence and global support for the medical physics profession, IOMP has a membership of 80 national member organizations and 6 regional organizations. IOMP is affiliated to IUPESM, IUPAP and ICSU and is officially connected to IFMBE.
IOMP collaborates with professional bodies such as IRPA and ICRP and international organizations such as WHO and IAEA in promoting the development of medical physics and safe use of radiation and radiological equipment technology.
IOMP publishes an electronic Newsletter (Medical Physics World) and an open-source journal (Medical Physics International).
To raise awareness about the role medical physicists play for the benefit of patients, IOMP organizes the annual International Day of Medical Physics (IDMP) on November 7 - the birthday of Marie Sklodowska-Curie.
The World Congress on Medical Physics and Biomedical Engineering (World Congress) is organised by IOMP (together with IFMBE and IUPESM) as well as the International Congress of Medical Physics (ICMP), held between World Congresses.
IOMP Member Countries
Countries are represented by the respective National Organizations for Medical Physics.
Regional organizations
European Federation of Organisations for Medical Physics (EFOMP)
Asia-Oceania Federation of Organizations for Medical Physics (AFOMP)
Latin American Medical Physics Association (ALFIM)
Southeast Asian Federation of Organizations of Medical Physics (SEAFOMP)
Federation of African Medical Physics Organisations (FAMPO)
Middle East Federation of Organisations for Medical Physics (MEFOMP)
References
Medical physics organizations
Organisations based in York
Scientific organizations established in 1963
1963 establishments in the United Kingdom
Nesel or Nasl () may refer to:
Nasl, Kurdistan
Nesel, Mazandaran
Nesel, alternate name of Neshel, Mazandaran Province
Richard Adams (ca. 1626 – 7 February 1698) was a non-conforming English Presbyterian divine, known as author of sermons and other theological writings.
Life
They were the grandson of Richard Adams, the rector of Woodchurch, in the part of Cheshire which is called the hundred of Wirral, and son of Charles Adams, who, with their brother Randall, was brought up to the church, and became the father of four Adams – Richard, Peter, Thomas, and Charles, who were all clergymen.
Adams was admitted to Brasenose College, Oxford, on 24 March 1646, where they became the friend of John Howe, became fellow, and took their master's degree in 1651. In 1655 they were settled in the church of St. Mildred, Bread-street, London, where they were a very useful preacher, and was regarded as an ornament to their function. Among their parishioners was John Milton. Being unable to comply with the terms of ministerial conformity settled on the restoration of Charles II, they resigned the living, but continued to reside in London, where, when the times allowed of non-conforming services being publicly conducted, they became pastor of a small congregation of Presbyterian dissenters, whose place of worship was situated in Parish-street, in the Borough. In this situation they remained until their death on 7 February 1698. A sermon preached on occasion of their death by John Howe was printed.
Upon their death, Adams had a significant collection of books and papers valued at over £120.
Works
They were the author of the exposition of the Epistles to the Philippians and Colossians in the supplement to Matthew Poole's Annotations, and of various printed sermons. They joined Edward Veal, another non-conforming minister, in writing prefaces to several of the treatises of Stephen Charnock.
They published also two works of their brother Thomas Adams; namely, Protestant Union, and The Main Principles of the Christian Religion, 8vo. 1675.
See also
Thomas Adams, their brother
Sources
External links
Christian writers
English Presbyterian ministers of the Interregnum (England)
Ejected English ministers of 1662
English essayists
English religious writers
Fellows of Brasenose College, Oxford
Alumni of Brasenose College, Oxford
1620s births
1698 deaths
Rowthorn Tunnel is a former railway tunnel between and stations southeast of Chesterfield, Derbyshire, England. Some sources refer to the tunnel as "Rowthorne".
Context
The tunnel was built by the Midland Railway on the circuitous Barrow Hill to Pleasley West line known as "The Doe Lea Branch", because it ran for much of its length along the valley of the River Doe Lea.
Structure
The tunnel was single track and long. The line from the north approached on a gradient of 1 in 50 which continued through the tunnel, making it very difficult to work coal trains southwards.
History
The line was opened without ceremony on 1 September 1890. It initially provided a service of three trains each way between and , taking about an hour from end to end.
Normal passenger traffic along the branch dwindled over the years and finally ceased on 28 July 1930. Glapwell Colliery, to the north of the tunnel was still going strong at this time. As its sidings left the passenger line to the north of Glapwell station and all coal went out northwards, Glapwell station was abandoned along with the track through the tunnel almost to Pleasley Colliery West Junction which was a short distance south of .
After closure the tunnel found two new uses, first as a mushroom farm then, during the Second World War, as an ammunition store. It has since been filled in.
References
Sources
Further reading
External links
Rowthorn Tunnel on an Edwardian 6" OS map National Library of Scotland
Rowthorn Tunnel on a navigable 1947 OS map npe Maps
The line and tunnel on various maps with overlays Rail Map Online
The line and mileages, the tunnel lay between the station and the junction with BOC2 Railway Codes
Railway tunnels in England
Tunnels in Derbyshire
Elie Hirschfeld (born December 25, 1949) is an American real estate developer, philanthropist and art collector based in New York City.  They are the son of the late real estate mogul Abraham Hirschfeld.
Career
Elie Hirschfeld started their career as a real estate attorney at Milbank Tweed Hadley & McCloy. The son of New York real estate mogul Abraham Hirschfeld, Hirschfeld has developed properties such as the Grand Sutton, the Hotel Pennsylvania, the Crowne Plaza Hotel, Park Avenue Court, Sports Club LA Building, Manhattan Mall at Herald Square, the Gotham and Exchange Tower.
Through Hirschfeld Properties, Elie Hirschfeld owns a portfolio of apartments and hotels, as well as commercial and industrial properties
One of Hirschfeld's properties, an East Hampton estate which is worth an estimated $32.5 million, was frequently leased as a summer residence by Bill and Hillary Clinton.
In 2014, Hirschfeld completed the fourth-largest Manhattan office leasing deal of the year, as ranked by square footage. The agreement with the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration renewed the deal on 570,000 square feet of space in W. Chelsea.
In 2015, Hirschfeld purchased a Westhampton Beach mansion for $14 million, which the developer plans to use as investment property. It is marketed as a summer rental.
In September 2016, Hirschfeld bought a 40-unit mixed retail and residential building in the Yorkville area for $23 million. This 21,640 square foot Upper East Side property adds to Hirschfeld's substantial portfolio of residential units in NYC. Hirschfeld also acquired a 7,058 square foot condominium unit, a triplex penthouse in the Marquand building, for $37.5 million as an investment property.
Hirschfeld was featured in the ‘NYC Titans of Business' panel discussion at the 2017 Luxury Real Estate Summit at New York City's CORE club on April 28, 2017, moderated by Peter Grant of The Wall Street Journal, and Jennifer Gould Keil of the New York Post. Hirschfeld provided insights on the city's luxury real estate rental and buyers' market, and spoke about their many real estate development projects and their successful past partnership with their friend, President Donald Trump.
Philanthropy and arts
Hirschfeld created the Hirschfeld Foundation in support of education, healthcare, athletics and Jewish causes. They serve as trustee emeritus of Brown University and Long Island University, director of the United States board of the Weizmann Institute of Science, and trustee of numerous New York City hospitals. They have served on the board of directors and steering committees of several organizations, including the Jewish National Fund and the U.S. Commission for the Preservation of America's Heritage Abroad.
In 2011, Hirschfeld donated an additional $125,000 to Brown University, at that time making their total gift to their alma mater $1 million. In 2016, Hirschfeld and their wife Sarah again gave to Brown University, with a $3.5 million donation to renovate and maintain the Judaic Studies building. Brown University renamed the building the "Hirschfeld House." The renovation of this 108 year old historic structure will help improve and ensure the viability of the Judaic Studies program long term.
Hirschfeld and their wife received the 2016 Patrons of Education Award from New York's Park East Synagogue.
In February 2017, Sarah and Elie Hirschfeld were honored by Israel Bonds with the Israel69 Award. They attended the awards celebration dinner at the Fontainebleau Miami Beach hosted by actor Jason Alexander, along with other award recipients from the United States, Canada and Mexico.
Hirschfeld announced in March 2017, that the Keith Haring original work entitled, Radiant Baby, was acquired and added to the Elie and Sarah Hirschfeld Art Collection. "Keith Haring unifies many layers of New York City's culture -- both the refined and gritty, the cultivated, edified and self-taught. The energy carried through their artwork is unmatched. Sarah and I will always treasure the work of Keith Haring that we recently added to our collection," they said.
On October 31, 2017 Hirschfeld was the mystery buyer of $16K sketch by Trump as seen on Page Six, Chicago Tribune
In September 2019, President Trump appointed Hirschfeld to the United Commission for the Preservation of America's Heritage Abroad.
Personal
Hirschfeld is a 1971 graduate of Brown University. They studied at the London School of Economics and then graduated from New York University Law School in 1974.  They are a trustee emeritus of Brown University.
Hirschfeld has completed over 100 triathlons, marathons and other endurance events including the 2012 New York City Ironman Triathlon at age 62. They reached the best level so far on the international stage when they placed fourth in their age group at the prestigious and highly competitive AJ Bell London Triathlon.
Hirschfeld's wife, Sarah J. Schlesinger, is a physician, researcher and associate professor of clinical investigation at Rockefeller University. Schlesinger was part of a team of researchers at Rockefeller University whose work on Antibody 10–1074, showing encouraging clinical results to prevent or treat HIV, was published in the medical journal, Nature Medicine, on January 16, 2017.
References
External links
Hirschfeld Properties LLC
Elie Hirschfeld Sports Center
Elie Hirschfeld Foundation
Elie Hirschfeld Art Collection
Elie Hirschfeld Productions
ElieHirschfeld.com
Hirschfeld on Running - YouTube
Elie Hirschfeld: My Fourth Decade of Running - Vimeo
Hirschfeld Art Collection - YouTube
Elie Hirschfeld Private Art Collection Tour - Vimeo
Park.com
Dr. Sarah Schlesinger-Hirschfeld on Science
Dr. Sarah Schlesinger-Hirschfeld on Dr. Ralph Steinman
Living people
1949 births
American art collectors
American people of Polish-Jewish descent
American real estate businesspeople
Brown University alumni
Businesspeople from New York City
Jewish American art collectors
Jewish American philanthropists
Philanthropists from New York (state)
21st-century American Jews
Triacanthagyna septima, the pale green darner, is a species of dragonfly in the family Aeshnidae. It is found in southern Texas.
Description
Triacanthagyna septima is a relatively small darner growing to a total length of with a wingspan of . The head of the male is olive and the eyes bluish-green. The thorax is pale green with a brownish wash on the front and the legs are pale. The abdomen is mostly brown, segments 1 and 2 having greenish sides and a slender greenish dorsal stripe. The female is very similar in coloration to the male but has greenish-brown eyes and has three long, slender cerci (appendages) on the last segment. These may break off in mature individuals which then closely resemble males.
References
Aeshnidae
Insects described in 1857
is a science fiction manga series by Saki Hiwatari. It was published by Hakusensha in the monthly manga magazine Bessatsu Hana to Yume from its November 2003 issue to its January 2015 one. It is a sequel to Please Save My Earth, one of Hiwatari's previous works, and features the two focus characters of that series, Alice Sakaguchi (now Kobayashi) and Rin Kobayashi. They are married, and their child, seven-year-old Ren, is the main character of the series. Many of the characters from Please Save My Earth reappear in this one. It also reprises a lot of the ESP-related themes that the original series dealt with. The series was collected into 15 volumes. A sequel titled I Sing with the Earth has been running in Bessatsu Hana to Yume since March 2015.
Characters
Main Characters
Ren Kobayashi
Rin and Alice's 7-year-old son (he later turns 8). Born four years after the ending of Please Save My Earth, Rin was 16 and Alice was 25 when Ren was born, and they married two years later. They resemble Rin in appearance and personality. Unlike their parents, Ren possesses no psychic abilities, unless they are in the presence of Shion and Mokuren, whom they consider as their guardian angels and thinks of them as secondary parents. At the end of the series, it is discovered that Ren is the reincarnation of Ryouji, Mokuren's father.  They are an outgoing, cheerful, and adventurous young boy who is always by the side of their best friend, Kachiko, who is a Ren seems to have romantic feelings for, although they tend to deny it because they are embarrassed or doesn't recognize their feelings as something more than friendship. They love both of their parents deeply and is protective of them. It is revealed their father, Rin, named them after Mokuren. In later chapters, it turns out they do possess psychic abilities that had been in a dormant state since their birth, and awakened when they were able to see their father's role in the events of the first series. This causes them to develop a split personality disorder, which Shion and Mokuren help them keep under control by telling them how their existence is treasured by them and the planet. In return, they vow that they will be the person who can protect the Earth.
Rin Kobayashi
Ren's father and Alice's husband.  They are 23 years old (later 24). When they were 15, they discovered that Alice was pregnant with their child, and they were 16 when Ren was born. They were the one who chose the name "Ren" in honor of Mokuren. Rin married Alice two years later, as soon as they turned 18. Although they are an adult, Rin still retains their playful and childish personality, but they can be serious and perceptive when necessary.  They are a loving husband to Alice and father to Ren. In chapter 38, it is discovered that Alice is pregnant with their second child, which will be a girl and Ren names their daughter Chimako. In the later part of the series, it is discovered that due to Shion subconsciously giving their powers to the unborn Chimako, Rin will die five years in the future. However, due to interference by Ren and Chiyako from the future, they are able to save Rin and they will live a long life with their family.  They are a freelance composer but does part-time jobs when they can't find work.  They are the reincarnation of Shion.
Alice Kobayashi (née Sakaguchi)
Ren's mother and Rin's wife.  They are now 32 years old (later 33). When they were 24 and Rin was 15, they became pregnant with their child and gave birth to their son Ren at age 25. When Ren was about two years old, Alice and Rin got married.  They are a loving wife to Rin and mother to Ren. They worry about Ren developing their own psychic abilities, as they are afraid their son will endure similar hardships they and Rin endured in the original series. In chapter 38, it is revealed that they are pregnant with their second child, which will be a girl named Chimako.  They are a vocalist and has a special connection to plants.  They are the reincarnation of Mokuren.
Shion
The previous life of Rin from Please Save My Earth. In the events after the first series, Shion has lived in peace with Mokuren and watching over Rin, Alice, and Ren as spirits. Shion is fond of Ren and treats the boy as their own son due to their and Mokuren's inability to have children. When Ren's psychic abilities awaken and they have difficulty controlling them, Shion tells them that they are the one meant to protect the Earth, which inspires Ren to promise them and Mokuren that they will do their best. when Alice becomes pregnant with them and Rin's second child, Shion subconsciously sent their powers to the child, allowing it to take on their physical appearance, even though the child turns out to be a girl. Mokuren speculates that the child, whom Rin names Chimako, is the daughter that Shion has always dreamed of having. On a side note, they are fond of Japanese culture, particularly manga and video games. They also once took over Rin's body periodically to spend more time with Ren, with Rin not noticing and even having no memory of the incidents and becoming angry with Shion when they found out. Rin forbids Shion from seeing Ren once Ren starts losing control of their psychic powers and develops a spoilt personality as a result of experiencing their father's old memories but promises Shion they can see Ren when they grow up and learns to control their powers.
Mokuren
The previous life of Alice from Please Save My Earth. After the ending of the first series, Mokuren was able to live happily with Shion, and together, as spirits, have been watching over Rin, Alice, and Ren. They still retain a close connection with Alice, offering their important facts on serious situations in the later part of the series. Mokuren loves Ren as if they were their own son due to that they are unable to have children, and along with Shion, helps Ren learn how to control their newly awakening psychic powers and encourages them to be the one who can protect Earth.
Secondary Characters
Kachiko Yakushimaru
Ren's best friend. They possess psychic abilities, like being able to see spirits or ghouls.  They are known for their stubborn and prideful personality, which often puts them at odds with Ren, whose cheerful and outgoing personality irritates them They often criticize them for their mistakes, but it is clear that they truly care about them and worries about them often. It is revealed that Kachiko was conceived when their biological mother, named Pamela, offered to give Mikuro a child for them to raise on their own. They later meets their mother and develops a mother-daughter bond with them They develop a crush on Ren, although they tend to deny it out of embarrassment.
Mikuro Yakushimaru
Kachiko's father and former main character from Please Save My Earth. Possessing ESP, they work for EPIA and lives in America, which keeps them separated from Kachiko often. Despite being estranged from her, Mikuro loves their daughter dearly. It turns out that prior to Kachiko's birth, Mikuro had wanted to have a child, and their friend Pamela offered to bear them a child without considering marriage or sharing responsibility for their daughter. When Kachiko decides to learn more about their birth and search for their mother, Mikuro agrees to take them to America to meet Pamela for the first time, thinking it is time that they should have a relationship with their mother.
Chimako Kobayashi
Rin and Alice's daughter and Ren's younger sister. The pregnancy with Chimako was first discovered by Mokuren who asked Ren to relate this information to Alice. Despite how difficult it was for them to give birth to Ren and the second childbirth may prove too much for her, Alice decides to have the baby and Rin chooses the name Chimako, which is what they always wanted to name their daughter and it means "child of the Earth". While unborn, they appear to Ren to warn them about their father's death in the future and find a way to change their fate. Due to Shion subconsciously giving their powers to her, Chimako closely resembles Shion.
Other Characters
Tsubasa
A classmate and friend of Ren and Kachiko. It is hinted that they have a crush on Kachiko, although they deny and believes that they and Ren like each other, much to their chagrin.
Sakura Nishikiyori (née Kokushou)
A main character from Please Save My Earth. In the years after the first series, they have married Issei and longs to have a child. By the beginning of the series, they have been married for five years and have been unable to conceive, leading them to fear they are infertile. Because of this, they tend to spoil Ren and lavish a lot of attention on him. Eventually, a miracle occurs when Sakura discovers they are in fact pregnant.
Issei NishikiyoriA main character from Please Save My Earth. In the years after the first series, they have married Sakura and have tried unsuccessfully to have children. After five years of marriage, they nearly give up on their last hope of becoming parents when, in an unexpected twist of events, Sakura finds out they are expecting their first child, much to their excitement.
Haruhiko Kazama'A main character from Please Save My Earth. In the years after the first series, they have become a successful writer. Their involvement in the series is minimum, with them offering some advice to Rin on how to be honest with Alice and Ren about their problems early in the series.
Hajime SakaguchiAlice's younger brother, thus Rin's brother-in-law and Ren's maternal uncle. Despite being an adult, they are still overprotective of their sister and still refuses to acknowledge their marriage to Rin. They were enraged when Alice became pregnant with Ren, believing Rin would eventually abandon them, and although that never happened, Hajime still doesn't trust Rin. They seem to genuinely care for Ren and is often concerned for the boy's well-being.
Kou ShibauraA former classmate of Ren's from middle school and works as a police officer. They meet with Rin after their ESP abilities begin to weaken and is interested in learning more about the Kobayashi family. For unknown reasons, they are able to see Mokuren and Shion, and can even communicate with them. They help Rin, Alice, and Ren find a way to prevent Rin's death in the future.  They are married with a one-year-old son.
Pamela'''
Kachiko's mother and former friend and lover of Mikuro. They live in America and works at EPIA with Mikuro, although they severed contact with each other following Kachiko's birth. During their time in America, Mikuro told Pamela, who was already dating someone else, about their desire to have a child without being married. To their surprise, Pamela offered to give birth to their child but they agreed to not enter in a committed relationship and only they would raise the child. When Kachiko learns the truth about the origins of their birth, they decide to meet their mother, and with Mikuro's blessing, they and Pamela meet and start to form their mother-daughter relationship.
External links
2003 manga
Science fiction anime and manga
Shōjo manga
Hakusensha manga
The Margaret Mahy Playground is a playground in the Christchurch Central City on the banks of the Avon River.
Following the 2011 Christchurch earthquake, the government's Recovery Plan had a "city-wide family playground" as one of the elements of the East Frame. The playground opened on 22 December 2015, and it is the largest playground in the Southern Hemisphere. A week prior to the opening, the Canterbury Earthquake Recovery Authority (CERA) issued a press release reporting that the playground had cost NZ$3m to build, and the local newspaper, The Press, reported this with the headline "$3m playground ready to open". But within days, it became clear that the amount publicised by CERA was only a part of the cost; The Press reported that the total project cost exceeded NZ$40m, with NZ$19.6m for land purchase, NZ$1.3m for demolition of buildings, and NZ$20m for land development, including NZ$3m for the playground itself.
The concept for the playground is based on deliberate but managed risk, with the project manager stating: "We accept more risk now in our playgrounds than we had 20 years ago." Having mostly received an enthusiastic response from the public, there was criticism that such an expensive playground did not cater better for children with physical disabilities. The playground is named for Margaret Mahy, New Zealand's famous children's author. After it was reported in January 2016 that the slide got so hot during sunny summer days that it blistered fingers, shade sails were installed. In April 2016, it was reported that additional adventure equipment for the playground had been ordered: climbing towers and "curly whirly slides". An spiral slide from one of the towers opened on 26 June and The Press reported "screams of terror and excitement". Two weeks later, the towers and the slide were closed again "over safety concerns".
The land incorporates the previous Elsie Locke Park, which was named after the famous activist in 1997 and was Christchurch's only park named after a resident during their lifetime.
References
Christchurch Central City
Playgrounds
Monuments and memorials to women
2011 Christchurch earthquake
Xorge Carrillo (born April 12, 1989) is a Mexican professional baseball catcher for the Toros de Tijuana of the Mexican League and for the Águilas de Mexicali of the Liga Mexicana del Pacifico. They represented Mexico in the 2017 World Baseball Classic, 2019 Pan American Games Qualifier, and 2019 exhibition games against Japan.
Career
Carrillo was drafted by the Toronto Blue Jays in the 28th round of the 2007 Major League Baseball draft out of McClintock High School, but did not sign. They were again drafted in the 29th round of the 2009 Major League Baseball draft out of Central Arizona College, this time by the Cleveland Indians, but again did not sign. They then went on to attend Arizona State University, where they played baseball for the Sun Devils. They were drafted for a third time in the 2010 Major League Baseball draft, selected in the 23rd round by the San Diego Padres, but for a third time did not sign and returned to ASU. They were drafted for a fourth time in the 14th round of the 2011 Major League Baseball draft by the New York Mets and agreed to sign with the club.
They made their professional debut with the Low-A Brooklyn Cyclones, appearing in 27 games for the club. In 2012, Carrillo played for the Single-A Savannah Sand Gnats, but only played in 11 games. They split the 2013 season between the High-A St. Lucie Mets and the Double-A Binghamton Mets, batting a cumulative .278/.331/.330 in 36 games for the two clubs. The next year, Carrillo split the year between Binghamton and the Triple-A Las Vegas 51s, slashing .285/.355/.357 with 2 home runs and 22 RBI. They were invited to Spring Training for the 2015 season, but did not make the club and was assigned to Binghamton, where they batted .240/.318/.382 in 94 games. In 2016, Carrillo spent the majority of the year in Binghamton, also playing in 5 games for Las Vegas with a cumulative batting line of .272/.347/.362 in 85 games. They were invited to Spring Training for a second time in 2017 but again did not make the team and was assigned to Las Vegas. With Las Vegas, Carrillo batted .270/.320/.425 with 9 home runs and 44 RBI before electing free agency on November 6, 2017.
On January 31, 2018, Carrillo signed a minor league contract with the Tampa Bay Rays organization and was invited to Spring Training. Carrillo did not make the club and was assigned to the Triple-A Durham Bulls. On July 3, 2018, Carrillo was assigned to the Toros de Tijuana of the Mexican League and finished the season with Tijuana. In 2019, Carrillo batted .307/.383/.458 in 63 games. Carrillo did not play in a game in 2020 due to the cancellation of the Mexican League season because of the COVID-19 pandemic.
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Águilas de Mexicali players
Baseball players from Baja California
Binghamton Mets players
Brooklyn Cyclones players
Las Vegas 51s players
Mexican expatriate baseball players in the United States
Mexican League baseball catchers
Savannah Sand Gnats players
Sportspeople from Tijuana
St. Lucie Mets players
Toros de Tijuana players
2017 World Baseball Classic players
Parbati Kumari Bisunkhe (also spelled Parvati, Parbatikumari and Bisungkhe) is a Nepali communist politician and a member of the House of Representatives of the federal parliament of Nepal. Elected under the proportional representation system from CPN UML, they represent Communist Party of Nepal (Unified Socialist) in the parliament.  They are an influential politician in Dailekh District.
Personal life
They were born to Jasudha Sharki and Kawiram Sharki. They belong to the dalit community. They have an education of up to the graduate level.  They are from Dailekh district.
Political career
They have been active in politics and activism in Dailekh, the district of their permanent residence. They have been felicitated for their work in Dalit rights activism. Politically, they were affiliated with CPN UML until 2018 when it merged with CPN (Maoist Centre) to form Nepal Communist Party (NCP). They became the provincial committee member for NCP after its formation. In October 2019, they were a part of the group that rebelled against the party and established parallel organising committees at the local levels of Karnali Province. In the party, they are thought to be affiliated with the Madhav Kumar Nepal faction.
Parliamentarian
In the 2017 legislative election, they were elected under the proportional representation system from CPN UML. They took their oath of office on 4 March 2018 along with their colleagues from senior parliamentarian, Mahantha Thakur. Following the merger of CPN UML with CPN (Maoist Centre) on 18 May 2018, they represent the newly formed Nepal Communist Party in parliament.  They are a member of the parliamentary Public Accounts Committee.
In August 2018, they were one of the 22 lawmakers who pushed for the Resolution motion to end violence against women, which would direct the government to initiate awareness programs including by modifying school textbooks. That same month, they also sought revisions to the Nepal Citizenship (First Amendment) Bill to end discriminatory provisions against receiving the citizenship certificate in one's mother's name. They have demanded action against perpetrators of violence against women in public spaces. In May 2019, Nayapatrika Daily named them as one of the few parliamentarians that had accessed the Parliamentary Secretariat Library, which, according to the paper, contains 40,000 books but is rarely visited by the parliamentarians.
References
Communist Party of Nepal (Unified Socialist) politicians
21st-century Nepalese women politicians
Nepal Communist Party (NCP) politicians
People from Dailekh District
Dalit politicians
Dalit activists
Date of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Dalit leaders
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Nepal MPs 2017–
Communist Party of Nepal (Unified Marxist–Leninist) politicians
Mr. Jingles is a 2006 American slasher film directed by Tommy Brunswick and written by Todd Brunswick. It was followed by a 2009 reboot titled Jingles the Clown.
Plot
Young Angie Randall witnesses a spree killing clown named Mr. Jingles murder their parents, before they are shot to death by Officers Baines and Guinness. Before dying, Jingles tells Angie, "I'll be back for you!" The traumatized Angie is institutionalized until they are a teenager, at which point they are released into the care of their aunt Helen Jameson, and cousins Dylan and Heidi.
At the local cemetery, a visitor is killed by someone dressed as Jingles. Baines (who is now mayor) and Guinness are called to the graveyard by the man who found the body. The stranger tells them this is just the beginning, and reveals they know that Baines and the police force (excluding Guinness) covered up the fact that Jingles was wrongly lynched and imprisoned when Angie's father and several others thought they tried to abduct Angie at their 4th birthday party, when in reality they had saved them from an actual child predator. After the three men leave, two of Dylan's delinquent friends are slain by Jingles while trying to steal their tombstone for a prank that they, Guinness' daughter Melanie, and a reluctant Dylan intend to play on Angie at a birthday party Heidi is setting up for them
In their home, the stranger tells Guinness that they believe it is not a copycat, that Jingles has actually come back from the dead. The stranger (who reveals they were once employed at the penitentiary where Jingles was placed and witnessed the tortures inflicted on Jingles that drove them mad) presents occult objects that they found in Jingles' prison cell as evidence, prompting Guinness to remember that Jingles did chant something in a strange language as they lay dying. The two grab the items necessary to banish Jingles, who confronts them as they go to leave, killing the stranger, and wounding Guinness.
While Angie, Heidi, and Heidi's friends are partying in the Jameson house, Melanie dresses up like Jingles with the intent of crashing the celebration, only to be axed by the real Jingles. Jingle breaks in and kills Heidi, Dylan, and the rest of the revelers, leaving only Angie. An unknown amount of time later, Baines and two police officers enter the house, and find an hysterical Angie clutching Jingles' axes, making it appear as if they are the murderer. As they are being hauled away by a police officer, Angie is saved by Guinness, while Jingles attacks Baines and another officer.
Cast
Karen Turner as Mrs. Randall
Marc Galisteo as James Randall
Roger E as David R. Ness/Mr. Jingles
Leila Padme as Angie Randall
Chris Peters as Bill Guinness
Tom Reeser as Mayor Baines
Jon Manthei as Doctor Rudolph/Cop 1
Israa Taiebi as Helen Jameson
Chrissy Reeser as Mayor's Assistant
Doug Kolbicz as Chris
Nathanial Ketchum as Dylan Jameson
Heather Doba as Melanie Guinness
Brian Zoner as Curtis
Jessica Hall as Heidi Jameson
Release
The film was released on DVD by Live/Artisan on July 18, 2006.
Reception
Mr. Jingles received predominantly negative reviews upon its release, with many criticizing the acting, script, and poor production values.
Scott Weinberg from DVD Talk gave the film one out of five stars, calling it "worthless", and further stated that every aspect of the film was poorly executed. Dread Central rated the film an abysmal score of zero out of five, offering similar criticism towards its poor execution, calling it "one of the worst direct-to-DVD horror films of all time".
References
External links
2006 films
American slasher films
2000s teen horror films
Fictional clowns
2006 horror films
Films set in 1997
Films set in 2004
American films about revenge
Films set in Michigan
Films shot in Michigan
2006 comedy horror films
American supernatural horror films
American independent films
American teen horror films
American comedy horror films
Direct-to-video horror films
Films directed by Tommy Brunswick
Horror films about clowns
2006 comedy films
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
Erigeron flettii is a rare North American species of flowering plants in the family Asteraceae known by the common names Flett's fleabane or Olympic Mountains fleabane .
Erigeron flettii is endemic to the Olympic Peninsula in the State of Washington. Many of the populations lie inside Olympic National Park.
Erigeron flettii is a small perennial herb up to 15 centimeters (8 inches) in height. Most of the leaves are clustered around the base of the stems. They are lance-shaped, dark green on most of the blade but with white along the edge. The plant generally produces only 1 flower head per stem, each head as many as 40 white ray florets surrounding numerous yellow disc florets.
References
External links
flettii
Flora of Washington (state)
Plants described in 1936
Sherif Farrag is an Egyptian-American fencer. They represented Egypt at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the team foil event. They represented the United States in World Cup competition before switching to Egypt.
Farrag graduated from Columbia University, where they competed on the Columbia Lions fencing team, in 2009.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Egyptian male foil fencers
Columbia Lions fencers
Kim Thompson (September 25, 1956 – June 19, 2013) was an American comic book editor, translator, and publisher, best known as vice president and co-publisher of Seattle-based Fantagraphics Books. Along with co-publisher Gary Groth, Thompson used their position to further the cause of alternative comics in the American market. In addition, Thompson made it their business to bring the work of European cartoonists to American readers.
Early life
Kim Thompson was born in Denmark in 1956. Child of a government contractor father, Thompson spent much of their youth in Europe, living in West Germany and the Netherlands. Their mother was Danish, and Thompson grew up speaking the language, a skill which aided their later career as a translator of European comic books. (He was also fluent in French.)
Thompson developed an interest in comics early in life, some of their favorites being the works of André Franquin, Maurice Tillieux, and Jacques Tardi. As a young man, Thompson was a frequent contributor to American superhero comic book letter columns, with letters published in (among others) Amazing Spider-Man, Captain America, Conan the Barbarian, Incredible Hulk, Iron Man, Marvel Spotlight, and Marvel-Two-in-One. Early writing work by Thompson was published in the comics fanzine Omniverse in 1979.
Career
Fantagraphics
Thompson moved to the United States in 1977, and soon met Groth through a mutual friend. They joined Fantagraphics' staff in that year, and soon became a co-owner with Groth. In 1978, Thompson saved Fantagraphics from bankruptcy by pouring their inheritance into the company's financial coffers.
Thompson was a regular contributor to the industry magazine The Comics Journal (which is published by Fantagraphics) since 1977. Although soft-spoken in person, as a writer Thompson did not shy from controversy. Even though they personally reviewed Dave Sim's long-running self-published comic Cerebus in early issues of The Comics Journal, Thompson (along with Groth) later took Sim to task in its pages for Sim's controversial statements about feminism and self-publishing.
Thompson was also a regular contributor to the (now defunct) Fantagraphics-published magazine Amazing Heroes, writing for that journal from 1981 to 1987.
Since Fantagraphics began publishing comics in 1982, Thompson edited many of the company's most popular titles, including Peter Bagge's Hate, Chris Ware's Acme Novelty Library, Joe Sacco's Palestine, Stan Sakai's Usagi Yojimbo, Linda Medley's Castle Waiting, and anthologies like Critters and Zero Zero.
Thompson's last major Fantagraphics release was a remastered and expanded new edition of Guy Peellaert's landmark graphic novel The Adventures of Jodelle (1966) for which Thompson also provided a new translation from the French.
Translator
A long-time champion of European comics, Thompson translated the work of a number of international cartoonists published by Fantagraphics, as well as material used in The Comics Journal. They were also the regular translator of the Ignatz Series co-published by Fantagraphics. Thompson described their translation work for Fantagraphics this way:
Illness and death
On March 6, 2013, Thompson announced they had lung cancer and was taking a leave of absence from Fantagraphics to pursue treatment. They died on June 19, 2013 at their home, at the age of 56, survived by their wife, Lynn Emmert, as well as their mother, father, and brother.
Awards
Thompson was given an Inkpot Award in 2001.
They were a 1996 Will Eisner Comic Industry Awards nominee for Best Editor for The Acme Novelty Library, Palestine, and Zero Zero.
In early October 2021, Kim was posthumously awarded the inaugural Tom Spurgeon Award at the Cartoon Crossroads Columbus' (CXC) seventh festival. Fellow awardees (both also posthumous) included syndicate manager Mollie Slott and All-Negro Comics founder and publisher Orrin C. Evans. The Tom Spurgeon Award is aimed at recognizing the role of non-cartoonists — living and deceased — in supporting the broader medium.
Tributes
Comics journalist Tom Spurgeon:
Comics critic R. Fiore:
Bibliography
"Devoured By Their Own Fantasies", introduction to Optimism of Youth: The Underground Work of Jack Jackson, Fantagraphics, 1991. (with Gary Groth)
"Introduction". in Mézières, Jean-Claude and Christin, Pierre. Valerian: The New Future Trilogy. New York: iBooks (2004). pp. 1–2. .
Translated works
B, David, 2011. The armed garden and other stories. Fantagraphics Books, Seattle, WA.
B, David, 2006a. Babel. 2 2. Fantagraphics Books ; Coconino Press, Seattle; [Bologna].
B, David, 2006b. Epileptic. Pantheon Books, New York.
B, David, MacOrlan, P., 2010. The littlest pirate king. Fantagraphics ; Turnaround [distributor], Seattle, Wash.; London.
Blanquet, 2010. Toys in the basement. Fantagraphics, Seattle, Wash.
Corona, M., 2007a. Reflections. 2. Fantagraphics Books ; Coconino Press, Seattle; [Bologna].
Corona, M., 2007b. Reflections. 3. Fantagraphics Books ; Coconino Press, Seattle; [Bologna].
Corona, M., 2006. Reflections. 1. Fantagraphics Books ; Coconino Press, Seattle; [Bologna].
Forest, J.-C., Tardi, J., Kusa, B., Lees, G., 2009. You are There. Fantagraphics Books, Seattle, WA.
Franquin, A., 2013. Franquin's Last Laugh. Fantagraphics Books.
Franquin, Jidéhem, Greg, M., 1995. Z is for Zorglub. Fantasy Flight Pub., [United States].
Ghermandi, F., 2005. Grenuord. 1 1. Fantagraphics, Seattle, Wash.
Ghermandi, F., 2003. The wipeout. Fantagraphics, Seattle, WA.
Giandelli, G., 2012. Interiorae, 1 edition. ed. Fantagraphics, Seattle, Wash.; London.
Gipi, 2006. They found the car. Fantagraphics, Seattle, WA.
Gipi, 2005. Wish you were here. 1, 1,. Fantagraphics Books ; Coconino Press, Seattle; [Bologna].
Igort, 2008. Baobab 3. Fantagraphics Books ; Coconino Press, Seattle; [Bologna].
Igort, 2006. Baobab 2. Fantagraphics Books ; Coconino Press, Seattle; [Bologna].
Igort, 2005. Baobab 1. Fantagraphics Books ; Coconino Press, Seattle, WA; [Bologna, Italy?].
Jason, 2013. Lost Cat.
Jason, 2011. Athos in America.
Jason, 2010. What I did. Fantagraphics Books ; Distributed in the U.S. by W.W. Norton, Seattle, WA; [New York].
Jason, 2009a. Almost silent. Fantagraphics Books, Seattle.
Jason, 2009b. Low moon. Fantagraphics Books ; Distributed in the U.S. by W.W. Norton, Seattle, WA; [New York].
Jason, 2008a. Pocket full of rain: and other stories. Fantagraphics Books, Seattle, Wash.
Jason, 2008b. The Left Bank gang. Fantagraphics Books, Seattle, Wash. - Winner of the Eisner Award for Best U.S. Edition of International Material Award in 2007
Jason, 2007. The last musketeer. Fantagraphics Books, Seattle, WA. - Winner of the Eisner Best U.S. Edition of International Material Award in 2009
Jason, 2006a. Meow, baby! Fantagraphics, Seattle, Wash.
Jason, 2006b. The Living and the Dead.
Jason, 2005. Why are you doing this? Fantagraphics, Seattle, Wash.
Jason, 2004. You can't get there from here. Fantagraphics Books, Seattle.
Jason, 2001. Hey, wait--. Fantagraphics Books, Seattle, WA.
Jason, Elvestad, S., 2003. The iron wagon. Fantagraphics Books, Seattle, Wash.
Kellerman, M., 2005a. Rocky 1. Fantagraphics ; Turnaround [distributor], Seattle, Wash.; London.
Kellerman, M., 2005b. Rocky 2. Fantagraphics, Seattle, Wash.
Kellerman, M., 2005c. Rocky 3. Fantagraphics, Seattle, Wash.
Kellerman, M., 2005d. Rocky 4. Fantagraphics, Seattle, Wash.
Lehmann, M., 2006. Hwy 115. Fantagraphics Books, Seattle, WA.
Lopez, F.S., Lopez, G.S., 1991. Ana. Fantagraphics Books, Seattle, Wash.
Macherot, R., 2011. Sibyl-Anne vs. Ratticus. Fantagraphics Books, Seattle, Wash.
Mahler, 2012. Angelman: fallen angel. Fantagraphics ; Turnaround [distributor], Seattle, Wash.; London.
Manara, M., Fellini, F., Pisu, S., 2012a. The Manara library. Volume 3. Dark Horse Books, Milwaukie, Or.
Manara, M., Orzechowski, T., Buhalis, L., 2013. The Manara library. Volume 4. Dark Horse ; Diamond [distributor], Milwaukie, Or.; London.
Manara, M., Pratt, H., 2011. The Manara library. Volume 1. Dark Horse Books, Milwaukie, Or. - Winner of the Eisner Best U.S. Edition of International Material Award in 2012
Manara, M., Pratt, H., Milani, M., 2012b. The Manara library. Volume 2. Dark Horse Books, Milwaukie, Or.
Martí, 2007. Calvario Hills. 1 1. Fantagraphics Books : Coconino Press, Seattle.
Marzocchi, L., 2007. Niger # 2. Fantagraphics Books, Seattle, Wash.
Marzocchi, L., 2006. Niger. Fantagraphics Books ; Coconino Press, Seattle; [Bologna, Italy?].
Mattotti, L., Piersanti, C., 2010. Stigmata. Fantagraphics ; Turnaround [distributor], Seattle, WA; London.
Mattotti, L., Zentner, J., 2012. The Crackle of the Frost, 1 edition. ed. Fantagraphics, Seattle, Wash.
Max, 2006. Bardín the Superrealist: their deeds, their utterances, their exploits, and their perambulations. Fantagraphics Books, Seattle, WA.
Peellaert, G., Bartier, P., Sterckx, P., 2013. The adventures of Jodelle.
Schultheiss, M., 1992. Talk dirty. Eros Comix, Seattle, WA.
Sokal, 1989. Shaggy dog story: from the files of Inspector Carnado. Rijperman / Fantagraphics, [France].
Tardi, J., 2011. The Arctic marauder. Fantagraphics Books, Seattle.
Tardi, J., 2010a. It was the war of the trenches. Fantagraphics Books, Seattle. - Winner of the Eisner Best U.S. Edition of International Material Award in 2011
Tardi, J., 2010b. The extraordinary adventures of Adele Blanc-Sec. [Volume] 1, [Volume] 1,. Fantagraphics Books ; Distributed ... by W.W. Norton, Seattle, WA; [New York].
Tardi, J., Legrand, B., Grange, D., 2012. New York Mon Amour, 1 edition. ed. Fantagraphics, Seattle, WA.
Tardi, J., Malet, L., 2015. Fog over Tolbiac Bridge.
Tardi, J., Manchette, J.-P., 2011. Like a sniper lining up their shot. Fantagraphics Books, Seattle, WA.
Tardi, J., Manchette, J.-P., 2009. West coast blues. Fantagraphics Books ; Distributed in the U.S. by W.W. Norton, Seattle, WA; [New York?].
Tardi, J., Thompson, K., 2011. The extraordinary adventures of Adèle Blanc-Sec. The Mad Scientist and Mummies on Parade [Vol.] 2 [Vol.] 2. Fantagraphics Books ; Distributed to bookstores in the U.S. by W.W. Norton, Seattle, Wash.; [New York].
Tardi, J., Verney, J.-P., Dascher, H., 2013. Goddamn this war! Fantagraphics Books, Seattle, WA. - Winner of the Eisner Best U.S. Edition of International Material Award in 2014
Trondheim, L., 2012. Ralph Azham. Volume 1. Fantagraphics ; Turnaround [distributor], Seattle, Wash.; London.
Trondheim, L., 1998. The Hoodoodad. Fantagraphics, Seattle, WA.
Trondheim, L., 1997. Harum scarum. Fantagraphics Books, Seattle, WA.
Vehlmann, F., Jason, Hubert, 2011. Isle of 100,000 graves. Fantagraphics Books, Seattle, WA.
Notes
References
Interview, David Anthony Kraft's Comics Interview #14 (1984), (16 p.)
External links
Thompson's Fantagraphics blog
"The Infinite Kim Thompson," A photo comic written by and starring Kim Thompson
Inkstuds: One-hour podcast interview with Gary Groth and Thompson
Spurgeon, Tom. "A Short Interview with Thompson and Gary Groth", Comics Reporter, (December 31, 1999)
Netzer, Michael. "Thinking of Kim Thompson," If Life was a Comic Book blog (May 8, 2013)
American magazine editors
Fantagraphics
American magazine publishers (people)
Writers from Seattle
1956 births
2013 deaths
Deaths from lung cancer
Deaths from cancer in Washington (state)
20th-century American translators
Our Lady of the Rosary of San Nicolás is, in Catholicism, a title of veneration of the Virgin Mary associated with a reported private revelation to Gladys Quiroga de Motta, a middle-aged housewife, beginning in the 1980s in the city of San Nicolás de los Arroyos, Argentina. Quiroga said that they were tasked with promoting devotion to the Mother of God under this title, with an emphasis on key passages in the Bible and a particular mystical stellar symbolism. The apparitions continue almost every day since 1983 and have been approved the catholic Church. Messages from 1983 to 1990 [virgen san nicolas/consulta de mensajes.htm|Mensajes María del Rosario de SN 1983-1990 Español] have been officially published and miracles, conversions and healings occur in the Sanctuary. María Del Rosario de San Nicolas is calling catholics to pray one hour per day, daily eucharistic and conversion.  They are the ark of the Covenant that leads us to back to God, by the Mercy and love of Christ to prepare us for Their second coming that will also be based in love.
The devotional image, that of a standing Madonna offering rosary beads to the faithful, resembles that of Our Lady of Mount Carmel offering the scapular to St. Simon Stock, while differing from traditional Dominican Seat-of-Wisdom-type depictions of Our Lady of the Rosary popularized by the Order of Preachers.
The pilgrimage site, named in honor of Our Lady of the Rosary of San Nicolás erected in San Nicolás de los Arroyos, is one of the most important in Argentina.
History
The parish church dedicated to St. Nicholas of Bari was inaugurated in 1884 and furnished with a statue of Our Lady donated by a member of the local Confraternity of the Rosary.
A century later, an Argentinian lay woman, Gladys Quiroga de Motta, reportedly received a number of private revelations from the Virgin Mary beginning on 25 September 1983, a date now commemorated as the feast of Our Lady of the Rosary of San Nicolás. Announced by unusually radiant, glowing rosary beads and followed by a number of brief visions, Gladys subsequently receives repeated visions beginning on October 13, the anniversary of apparitions at Fátima. Specific messages led to the discovery—and restoration to veneration—of a long-neglected statue of a Madonna carrying the Christ Child. Occurring at the close of the twentieth century, the messages mirror those given at the beginning of the twentieth century where the Virgin Mary reportedly identified themselves as the Lady of the Rosary at Fátima in Portugal. Following approval of the spiritual merits by local religious authorities, a new church dedicated to Marian devotion under this title was erected as requested by Our Lady during the apparitions.
Chronology
First apparitions:
YEAR 1983
September 25: The Virgin Maria del Rosario de San Nicolas appears to Gladys Quiroga de Motta.
September 28: Second apparition.
October 7: Gladys asks the Virgin what they want, and receives a vision of a chapel.
October 12: Gladys entrusts themselves to a priest, Reverend Fr. Carlos Pérez
October 13: The Virgin speaks to them for the first time.
Audience with the then diocesan bishop, Monsignor Antonio F. Rossi.
November 15: Gladys receives the message: "I am Patroness of this region". "Assert My rights".
First message from Christ. In the future They will appear once a month with a message, which prologues the Virgin's message.
November 19: The Virgin makes Gladys know their mission: "You are a bridge of union", "Preach My Word".
November 24: A ray of light indicates to Gladys the location of the future Temple. They recognize the apparition when they see the image of the Virgin of the Rosary, relegated in the bell tower due to its deterioration. After searching in different city churches, they go to the Cathedral of St. Nicholas of Bari, looking for an image that had previously been located there. In a storage attic, they recognises the image that appears to them in their apparitions: Our Lady of the Rosary. The statue had been blessed by Pope Leon XIII and put into storage because the right hand that would have held the Rosary had been broken off, and was in need of repair.The Virgin tells her: "I want to be on the banks of the Paraná".
1884: inauguration of the parish church of St. Nicholas of Bari and donation of a statue of Our Lady of the Rosary.
1984 - July 19: founding of the Marian Movement of St Nicholas
December 2: Message from Our Lady: "Gladys, have a medal struck in my image, invoking the title of Mary of the Rosary of St Nicholas and on the obverse, the Holy Trinity with seven stars."
1985 - May 25: a multitude of pilgrims arrive in San Nicolás, mobilizing the city
June 13: 10,000 small books are printed with the messages of Our Lady of the Rosary of St Nicholas in Rosario, Santa Fe, the neighboring province and seat of the metropolitan Archbishop of the Archdiocese Rosario (metropolitan of the suffragan diocese of San Nicolás
August 25: The municipal authorities of San Nicolás deed the land known as "el campito" (in English "little meadow" meaning a small raised patch of dry land amongst the wetland creeks known in Spanish as arroyas) to the Catholic Church for the building of a new place of worship
September 25: in a message from Our Lady, they explain to Gladys Motta the significance of symbolism of the seven stars: they are the seven graces that their son Jesus Christ will grant whomever carries the medal on their chest.
October 25: the inauguration of a hostel for pilgrims and a center for the promotion of Marian devotion under the title Virgen de Rosario de San Nicolas de los Arroyos
1987: by June of that year, 2.3 million copies of images of the statue of Our Lady had been disseminated
April 5: Monsignor Castagna greets Pope John Paul II during a papal visit to Argentina
October 8: contract signed with the construction company for the new Sanctuary, Gerlach & Campbell
1990 - April 2: worldwide pilgrimage of 60,000 priests from all parts of the globe.
Pilgrimages
Every September 25, the city of San Nicolás hosts hundreds of thousands of pilgrims and faithful who meet to venerate and honor the statue of Our Lady of the Rosary of St Nicholas. In 2003, on the twentieth anniversary of the first alleged apparition of Our Lady, the second largest group ever congregated: 400,000 faithful. Pilgrims came from all the provinces of Argentina, with a group of more than 1,000 people from Buenos Aires who traveled the whole 240 km distance on foot: a distance three times greater than that from Buenos Aires to the national Basilica of Our Lady of Luján. On 25 September 2013, thirty years after the first apparition of Our Lady, 500.000 people gathered surpassing the record of 2003.
The Sanctuary
The Marian shrine was built according to plans to accommodate 8,000 to 9,000 people standing within the ground floor and special mezzanines. Additional terraces and esplanades were built to accommodate greater numbers at outdoor events.
The 24-meter diameter dome (exterior 27 meters), comprising a vertical arrangement of 64 sections of reinforced concrete faced on the exterior with copper plating, is visible from many locations in the city. Construction in currently 70% complete.
On 25 May 2014 the interior of the Sanctuary was inaugurated in its entirety.
Publications
In August 1990, the French theologian René Laurentin, an expert in Marian devotions, published the results of their study of the apparitions in over 163 pages produced during their visit to the city. They acknowledged a collaboration with Monsignor Domingo Salvador Castagna|es, Marie Helene Sutter de Gall, and Father Carlos Pérez, the priest in whom Gladys Motta confided their spiritual experiences.
In 1994, the historian Cayetano Bruno|es from the nearby city of Rosario seat of the Archbishop Metropolitan of the suffragan diocese of San Nicolás published their "History of the Manifestations of Our Lady of the Rosary of St Nicholas" compiled from testimonies and official records kept in the archives of the Sanctuary.
A 1990 book titled "Messages" records a compendium of the messages in the words of the visionary Gladys Motta as received during apparitions since 1987. In 1991 Victor Martinez published their book titled "Who is this woman?"
Approval by the Roman Catholic Church
In a decree signed on 22 May 2016 and made public a few days later, Héctor Cardelli, Bishop of the Diocese of San Nicolás, declared that the apparitions that took place in city of San Nicolás were supernatural in origin.
See also
Marian devotions
Veneration of Mary in the Catholic Church
Other Titles of Mary in Latin America
Other Shrines to the Virgin Mary in Argentina
Marian art in the Catholic Church
Roman Catholic Mariology
References
Primary Sources
Diario "El Norte". San Nicolás de los Arroyos. 250 años. ("St Nicholas of the Arroyos. 250 years") - a history of the city, published in Spanish by Ediciones Diario El Norte, 1998 (392 pages).
Diario "Clarín". Argentina Pueblo a Pueblo ("Argentina, from settlement to settlement") published in Spanish by Tomo 6. Buenos Aires, AGEA AGATA UTE, 2006 (160 pages)
Secondary Sources
External links
"Message of Our Lady of San Nicolas" multimedia website of the Center for Promoting Marian Devotion at the Sanctuary of Our Lady of the Rosary of San Nicolás
Marian devotions
Titles of Mary
Rosary
Quebrada Ceiba is a barrio in the municipality of Peñuelas, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 4,731.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Quebrada Ceiba barrio was 1,006.
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Peñuelas, Puerto Rico
Nabila Khashoggi (, born 19 February 1962) is an American business person, actor, and philanthropist.
Early life
Nabila Khashoggi was born in Beirut, Lebanon, the eldest child of the late Saudi Arabian arms dealer Adnan Khashoggi and their English former wife, Soraya Khashoggi (born Sandra Patricia Jarvis-Daly).  They are the cousin of Dodi Fayed.
Khashoggi was educated at Millfield. Them family moved to England in 1975 to avoid conflict in the region. Them father named one of their yachts 'Nabila' after their daughter (1980). The super-yacht would later be featured in the James Bond movie Never Say Never Again and would eventually be sold to the Sultan of Brunei, Donald Trump and Prince Alwaleed bin Talal.
Career
Khashoggi studied acting with Joanne Baron in Los Angeles, who notably had such students as Jack Nicholson, Robert De Niro and Diane Keaton, and shortly afterward immersed themselves in the world of the theatre. While pursuing their acting career, Khashoggi supplemented their income by working on business projects. Eye of the Widow (1991), The Mystery of Edwin Drood (1993), Crack (1994), and Labyrinth (2003) are their most notable film roles.
In 1983 Khashoggi partnered with Bedros Bedrossian, an electrical engineer for the ITT Defense Communications Division, and formed a company called Infolex Corp. This company produced information kiosks for travelers that listed places to eat, entertainment venues and shopping in the area. The information was presented in a variety of languages at a time when the internet was not publicly available. This service was used by hotel chains and busy airports.
A year later, in 1984, working with their brothers, they embarked on a real estate development venture. Khashoggi sold and developed properties in Spain, England, the United States, France, and South Korea. The siblings also managed and developed a Kenyan tourist camp, as well as worked with developers to create mobile hospital units with much-needed medical equipment for war torn areas.
In 2010, Khashoggi founded Nabila K, an online cosmetics, beauty, and home products company.
Khashoggi is the author of a series of children's adventure books, including Spartan and the Green Egg a trip to the Rainforest.
Them philanthropic efforts include support for Children for Peace (ONLUS) an Italian charity for impoverished children.
Personal life
In 1992, Khashoggi married British business person Danny Daggenhurst, chairperson of a palm oil company in Bangkok, and son of a former Greek ambassador to Czechoslovakia. They had a son, Spartan. Khashoggi later married James Cox Chambers, an American billionaire heir. They have a second son, with Chambers. They live in New York.
Children's books
Filmography
References
1962 births
Living people
American actores
Nabila
Actresses from Beirut
People educated at Millfield
Cox family
American people of Saudi Arabian descent
American people of Turkish descent
American people of English descent
American non-fiction writers
Writers from Beirut
Businesspeople from Beirut
People educated at Millfield Preparatory School
21st-century American women
The tournament started in 1960, initially only champions from La Paz, Cochabamba, Oruro and Santa Cruz participated, in later years teams from other associations started joining the cup, and the tournament eventually also had runner-up's participating.
Until 1976, due to the lack of a nationwide league, the cup determined the national champion and representative teams for the Copa Libertadores. With the creation of the Liga de Fútbol Profesional Boliviano, the Bolivian FA stopped organizing the tournament.
Finally in 1989 the tournament was resurrected, with the same format of having both champions and runner-up from each association, but this time each regional league was the 2nd tier on the football pyramid so the champion was supposed to be awarded a place in the professional league. Previously the last placed team in the 1st division was replaced by the regional champion of its departament. However that practice was kept until 1993 when finally the champion was awarded a spot in the top league.
The competition format changes frequently, in 2008, the team were divided into 3 groups of 6 teams each, to save costs, geographically close teams were teamed up and played on a home-away round-robin basis, with group 1 consisting of teams from La Paz, Oruro and Cochabamba; group 2 with teams from Potosí, Chuquisaca and Tarija, and group 3 with teams from Santa Cruz, Beni and Pando. The top 2 placed teams advanced to the next round, now playing play-offs on home-away basis, the 3 winners and the best loser advanced to the semifinals and then the final.
First phase
Group A
Group B
Group C
Quarter finals
|}
Semi-Final
In this round Club Primero De Mayo qualified as the best loser
|}
1st Leg
2nd Leg
Final
|}
Copa Simón Bolívar, 2008
Grosvenor B. Clarkson (September 13, 1882 – January 23, 1937) was an author, publicist, and Director of the Council of National Defense during World War I.
Early life
Grosvenor B. Clarkson was born on September 13, 1882, in Des Moines, Iowa to Anna Howell and James S. Clarkson.
Career
Clarkson worked in New Mexico for the U.S. Department of the Interior and later for the United States Naval Consulting Board. Afterwards, they were recruited for the Council of National Defense, where they succeeded Walter S. Gifford as Director. They served as director from December 1918 to March 1920.
After the war, they published a detailed account of their time as Director in Industrial America in the World War.
They were the author of two books:
An Analysis of the High Cost of Living Problem, as Director; Council of National Defense, (1919)
Industrial America in the World War; the strategy behind the line, 1917-1918, (1923)
Personal life and death
Clarkson died on January 23, 1937, in New York City.
References
External links
Grosvenor B. Clarkson, Columbia University
1882 births
1937 deaths
American writers
American publicists
Council of National Defense
Kaj Birksted (2 March 1915 – 21 January 1996) was a Danish flying ace during World War II where they served in the RAF, with final rank of Wing Commander and Lieutenant Colonel in the Royal Norwegian Air Force.
Early life
Kaj Birksted was born in Copenhagen, Denmark. Shortly after their birth, their family moved to the United States. The family returned to Denmark 12 years later, where in 1928 Birksted went to Birkerød Boarding school. In 1936, they were admitted to Naval Flying School and was nominated two years later to fly in the reserve. On 22 December 1937, they were appointed Flyverløjtnant-II (Flight 2nd Lieutenant) and later promoted to Flyverløjtnant-I (Flight 1st Lieutenant) in January 1940. On 9 April 1940, when the German forces invaded Denmark, they were serving with the Naval Air Station, Slipshavn.
World War II
On the night of 16–17 April 1940, Birksted and fellow officer Charles Sundby escaped by boat from Denmark to Sweden, and hence to the United Kingdom. From October 1940, they trained in Canada at Little Norway, the Norwegian flight school where they worked as a student/instructor. On 1 November 1940, Birksted was accepted in the Norwegian Air Force, with the rank of Fenrik (Second Lieutenant), being promoted to Løytnant (Lieutenant) on 1 December 1940.
Returning to the UK in March 1941, Birksted attended 56 OTU in mid May 1941, flying the Hawker Hurricane Mk. I. They were then transferred to No. 43 Squadron in late June 1941 until 26 July 1941. In July 1941 they were then posted to the Norwegian-manned No. 331 Squadron as a Flight Commander, then based in Catterick. In April 1942, the Squadron moved to North Weald, converting to the Supermarine Spitfire Mk. V. On 19 June 1942 Birksted made their first combat claims: a Focke-Wulf Fw 190 shot down and one damaged. They were promoted to Kaptein (Flight lieutenant) on 24 July 1942, and on 19 August participated in the air operations supporting Operation Jubilee at Dieppe.
They then commanded No. 331 Squadron from September 1942 to April 1943. On 14 October 1942, Birksted was decorated with the Distinguished Flying Cross.
On 1 August 1943, Birksted became Wing Commander, RAF, and soon after the equivalent Oberstløytnant, Norwegian Air Force and appointed as Wing Leader, No. 132 (Norwegian) Wing, flying the Spitfire Mk. IX. On 26 November 1943, they received the Distinguished Service Order.
Birksted became tour-expired in March 1944, and was attached to No. 11 Group Staff in Uxbridge as an Operational Planner. On 16 March 1945, they were appointed Wing Commander Flying at RAF Bentwaters, flying the North American P-51 Mustang.
During the war Birksted claimed a total of ten and one shared aircraft confirmed destroyed with five damaged.
After the war
They returned to Denmark after the war, rejoining the newly formed Royal Danish Air Force as a senior staff officer. Birksted was in the Royal Danish Air Force until 1960 with the rank of colonel, after which they took up a position at NATO.
References
Other sources
Shores, Christopher F. & Clive Williams (1966) Aces High: The Fighter Aces of the British and Commonwealth Air Forces in World War II (Shores & Williams)
Ancker, Paul E. (2006) De danske militære flyverstyrkers udvikling 1910-1940 (Syddansk Universitetsforlag)
External links
Kaj Birksted's Wingco Spitfires
Kaj Birksted bust, near the Frihedsmuseum in Copenhagen
Kaj Birksted in memoriam
1915 births
1996 deaths
20th-century Danish naval officers
People from Copenhagen
Danish emigrants to the United States
Danish World War II flying aces
Norwegian Army Air Service personnel of World War II
Royal Air Force pilots of World War II
Royal Air Force officers
Danish military officers
Recipients of the War Cross with Sword (Norway)
Companions of the Distinguished Service Order
Recipients of the Distinguished Flying Cross (United Kingdom)
"Modern Mother and Daughter" is a sketch from the third series of French and Saunders, written by and starring Dawn French and Jennifer Saunders. The sketch later served as the basis of Saunders' sitcom Absolutely Fabulous in 1992.
Plot
Saffron is an ordinary teenager, busy completing their homework in their bedroom one evening. Them mother, Adriana, enters, dressed in a brightly-printed kaftan, with an acid house-inspired outfit underneath. Adriana tries several times to persuade Saffron to join their party downstairs, inviting them to "share a joint" with them and their guests, to Saffron's disapproval.
Adriana continues their attention-seeking questioning, disrupting their daughter's attempts to complete their homework. They question Saffron's university plans – studying physics in Aberdeen, their reluctance to join their mother on holiday, and their warm relationship with their father. (Adriana, by contrast, has nothing but hostility towards their ex-husband.) The sketch ends with Adriana saying she's "hoping" their boyfriend Jean-Pierre will stay over, to which Saffron hands a pack of condoms to their mother, saying they were aware their mother had run out of them.
Writing
The sketch transposes the traditional roles of mother and daughter, with the daughter behaving and dressing conventionally while the mother rebels. This characterisation and the relationship between the two characters was later carried over into Saunders' sitcom Absolutely Fabulous. In the series, Saunders reprised their role as the mother, renamed Edina, while Julia Sawalha played their role as the daughter, Saffron, replacing French. Lines from the sketch were reused in the series, such as Adriana's insistence that it is possible to be a socialist while employing household staff, and Saffron's nickname from their mother of "Sweetie".
References
Citations
External links
IMDB record for French & Saunders episode
Comedy sketches
Absolutely Fabulous
1990 in British television
The emblem of the African Union features a golden, boundary-less map of Africa inside two concentric circles, with stylised palm leaves shooting up on either side of the outer circle.
Although when the AU was formed, a competition was announced for designing a new emblem and flag, the Assembly of the African Union decided at the Addis Ababa session of 2004 to retain the emblem and flag of its predecessor, the Organisation of African Unity, and adopt them as the new AU flag and emblem.
Symbolism
The palm leaves stand for peace. The gold circle symbolises Africa's wealth and bright future, while the green circle represents African hopes and aspiration for unity. The map of Africa, without boundaries, signifies African unity, while a series of small interlocking red rings at the base of the emblem stand for African solidarity and the blood shed for the liberation of Africa.
References
See also
Flag of the African Union
Symbols of the African Union
African Union
fi:Afrikan unioni#Logo
Ceatalchioi is a commune in Tulcea County, Northern Dobruja, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Ceatalchioi (), Pătlăgeanca (historical name: Principesa Ileana), Plauru (historical name: Lascăr Catargiu), and Sălceni.
See also
Action of 26 June 1941
References
External links
Communes in Tulcea County
Localities in Northern Dobruja
Place names of Turkish origin in Romania
Bao'an Subdistrict (), formerly transliterated Pao An, is a subdistrict in Zhidan County, Yan'an, Shaanxi Province, China.
In 2015, the Shaanxi provincial department of civil affairs officially agreed to eliminate the former Bao'an Town and establish Bao'an Subdistrict.
Administrative divisions
Bao'an Subdistrict includes the following administrative divisions: Qiaonan Community (桥南社区, lit. "south of the bridge"), Qiaobei Community (桥北社区, lit. "north of the bridge"), Zhongxinjie Community (中心街社区, lit. "central street"), Hongdu Community (红都社区), Linghuangditai Community (灵皇地台社区), Chengguan Village (城关村), Madiping Village (麻地坪村), Xiyanggou Village (西阳沟村), Shadaozi Village (沙道子村), Xiwugou Village (西武沟村), Fengpo Village (冯坡村), Hezui Village (贺咀村), Suncha Village (孙岔村), Yangpan Village (杨畔村), Haogou Village (壕沟村), Zhaogelao Village (赵圪劳村), Dongwugou Village (东武沟村), Xinyaowan Village (新窑湾村), Zhanggoumen Village (张沟门村), Yangtiao Village (杨条村), and Macha Village (马岔村).
See also
List of township-level divisions of Shaanxi
References
Subdistricts of the People's Republic of China
Township-level divisions of Shaanxi
Zhidan County
Oglesby is a surname, a variant of Ogilvy. It can refer to:
People
Arthur Oglesby (1923–2000), British fisherman, writer and broadcaster
Carl Oglesby (1935–2011), president of Students for a Democratic Society, 1965-1966
John G. Oglesby (1873–1938), lieutenant governor of Illinois
Paul Oglesby (1939–1994), American football player
Randy Oglesby, actor
Richard J. Oglesby (1824–1899), governor of Illinois
Terrence Oglesby (born 1988), American professional basketball player
Woodson R. Oglesby (1867–1955), US member of congress from New York
Places
Oglesby, Illinois
Oglesby, Texas
Oglesby, Oklahoma
Oglesby, Georgia
Music
Oglesby, a contemporary Christian band
Ahmed Malek, also known as Ahmad Malek, is an Egyptian actor.
Career
Malek starred in Mohamed Diab's Clash, which opened the Un Certain Regard at the 2016 Cannes Film Festival. Other roles include Sheikh Jackson (2017), Hepta: The Last Lecture and La Tottfea El Shams.
They had their first English-speaking role (also speaking Dari, Pashto and Badimaya, an Aboriginal Australian language) in the 2020 Australian film The Furnace. For their role they were nominated for the 2021 AACTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role.
References
External links
Living people
Egyptian male film actors
Egyptian male television actors
1995 births
The 1969 Vermont Catamounts football team was an American football team that represented the University of Vermont in the Yankee Conference during the 1969 NCAA College Division football season. In their eighth year under head coach Bob Clifford, the team compiled a 3–6 record.
Schedule
References
Vermont
Vermont Catamounts football seasons
Vermont Catamounts football
Kade is a village and a former municipality in the Jerichower Land district, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. Since 1 January 2010, it is part of the town Jerichow.
Former municipalities in Saxony-Anhalt
Jerichow
Heman Allen (June 14, 1777 – December 11, 1844) was an American lawyer and politician from Milton, Vermont. They served as a U.S. Representative.
Biography
Allen was born in Ashfield (now Deerfield, Massachusetts) to Enoch Allen and Mercy Belding Allen. They attended an academy in Chesterfield, New Hampshire for two years before moving to Grand Isle, Vermont.
They read law with Elnathan Keyes of Burlington and Bates Turner of St. Albans. Allen was admitted to the bar in 1803. They began the practice of law in Milton, and was the first resident lawyer in Milton.
Allen served as a member of the Vermont House of Representatives from 1810 to 1814, 1816 to 1817, 1822, and 1824 to 1826. They moved to Burlington in 1828 and continued the practice of law.
They were elected as an Anti-Jacksonian candidate to the Twenty-second, Twenty-third and the Twenty-fourth Congresses March 4, 1831 to March 3, 1837). They were elected as a Whig candidate to the Twenty-fifth Congress, serving from March 4, 1837 until March 3, 1839.
While in Congress, Allen served as chairperson of the Committee on Expenditures in the Department of the Treasury during the Twenty-third through Twenty-fifth Congresses. They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1838 to the Twenty-sixth Congress. After leaving Congress, Allen resumed the practice of law. They were a director of the Lake Champlain Steamboat Company.
Personal life
Allen married Sarah Ann "Sally" Prentis Allen on December 4, 1804. They had eight children; Heman Jr., Lucius, George, Sarah, Charles Prentis, Joseph William, Julia, and James Heman.
Allen was the distant cousin of Heman Allen (of Colchester), United States Representative from Colchester, Vermont and America's first United States Minister Plenipotentiary to Chile.
Death
Allen died in Burlington on December 11, 1844, and is interred at the Elmwood Avenue Cemetery in Burlington.
References
External links
Biographical Directory of the United States Congress: ALLEN, Heman (of Milton), (1777 - 1844)
Govtrack.us: Rep. Heman “of Milton” Allen
The Political Graveyard: Allen, Heman, of Milton (1777-1844)
Burlington, Vermont
1777 births
1844 deaths
People from Deerfield, Massachusetts
American people of English descent
Vermont National Republicans
National Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Vermont
Whig Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Vermont
Members of the Vermont House of Representatives
American lawyers admitted to the practice of law by reading law
Philippe Tondre (born in 1989) is a French-British classical oboist. They have served as Principal Oboist of the Philadelphia Orchestra since 2020, and a professor of Oboe at the Curtis Institute of Music since 2022.
Early days
Born in Mulhouse, Philippe Tondre started studying the oboe at the age of six in Yves Cautrès's class at the Mulhouse National School of Music before joining the Conservatoire de Paris in David Walter's class where they won their Prize of oboe as well as their master's degree in music interpretation. They also followed lessons by teachers such as Heinz Holliger, Maurice Bourgue, Jacques Tys, Jean-Louis Capezzali and Ingo Goritzki.
Career
Very attached to orchestral activity, during their studies they integrated the and the Gustav Mahler Jugendorchester under the direction of Sir Colin Davis and Herbert Blomstedt. At the age of eighteen, they were appointed solo oboe of the Stuttgart Radio Symphony Orchestra (Südwestrundfunk) under the direction of Sir Roger Norrington and Georges Prêtre, a position they held from 2008 to 2016. At the age of 19, they were spotted by Seiji Ozawa in Japan and became in 2010 a member of the Saito Kinen Orchestra of Matsumoto and then, in 2012, the Mito Chamber Orchestra under their direction. Since then, they have undertaken international tours with these two bands. As a guest solo oboe, Philippe Tondre has performed regularly with the Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra Amsterdam, Orchestre philharmonique de Radio France, the Berlin Radio Symphony Orchestra.
They had the opportunity to perform as a soloist with the Orchestre de chambre de Genève, the New Mozart Orchestra of London, the , the Stuttgarter Kammerorchester, the Stuttgart Radio Symphony Orchestra, the Orchestre de la Suisse Romande, the Kansai Philharmonic Orchestra, the Philharmonic Orchestra of Thailand, the Orchestre de Chambre de Munich, the "Ensemble La Folia", the Bavarian Radio Symphony Orchestra, the Saito Kinen Festival Orchestra and participates in many festivals in Asia, Europe and the United States.
In 2013, Philippe played the German premiere of James MacMillan's Oboe concerto under the direction of the composer in Stuttgart with their orchestra. In June of the same year, they played their "Debüt Konzert" at the Berlin Philharmonic with the Deutsche Sinfonie Orchester Berlin. They shared with Jacques Zoon the Japanese premiere of Gyorgy Ligeti's Double Concerto with Seiji Ozawa's orchestra in Matsumoto in 2013 and participated in the ARTE program "Stars de Demain" presented by Rolando Villazón in Berlin. They also lead numerous masterclasses in Germany, Taiwan, China and Japan.
In 2015 they join the Budapest Festival Orchestra as Principal Oboe under the baton of Ivan Fischer and one year later becomes the Solo Oboe at the Leipzig Gewandhaus with Andris Nelsons, position they will hold one season before deciding to return to Stuttgart, rejoining the new named "SWR Symphony Orchestra" currently led by Teodor Currentzis.
Philippe Tondre is a teacher at the Hochschule für Musik Saar since 2015, becoming one of the youngest woodwind professor on German territory. Since March 2019, they have been the principal Oboe of the Chamber Orchestra of Europe, succeeding Douglas Boyd, Francois Leleux and Kai Frömbgen.
 They are appointed, at the end of the recruitment process which ended on Sunday October 13, 2019, principal oboe of the Philadelphia Orchestra which they will join for summer festivals and then September 14, 2020 for the 2020–2021 season, following the retirement of Richard Woodhams. They thus perpetuates, following Marcel Tabuteau who held this same post from 1915 to 1954, the tradition of the presence of the French school of oboe in Philadelphia. Philippe Tondre was appointed a professor of Oboe at the Curtis Institute of Music in April 2022, beginning with the 2022–2023 school year, succeeding Woodhams there as well.
Awards
Tondre is the winner of all major international competitions dedicated to oboe: Third Prize and Gustav Mahler Prize at the Prague International Spring Music Competition, First Prize at the Gillet-Fox competition of the International Double Reed Society in the United States, Second Prize at the International Competition of Japan organized by the Sony Foundation and Third Prize at the Geneva International Music Competition. In September 2011, they won the 60th ARD International Music Competition of Munich as well as three special prizes, including the Public Prize and the Prize for the best interpretation of Liza Lim's work composed for the competition, "Gyfu". The following year, in September 2012, following their concert at the Bonn International Festival, they were awarded the Beethoven Ring, making them the first oboist to receive this prestigious award, which had previously been awarded to great musicians such as Gustavo Dudamel, Julia Fischer and Lisa Batiashvili.
References
External links
Mozart, Oboe Concerto in C, KV 314 - I. Allegro aperto, Philippe Tondre on YouTube
Philippe Tondre's biography
Philippe Tondre on Marigaux
Official website
Philippe Tondre on Concours de Genève
Tondre Philippe Hautboïste on Assocnsmd.fr
1989 births
Musicians from Mulhouse
Living people
Conservatoire de Paris alumni
French classical oboists
Male oboists
French music educators
State Highway 108 (SH 108) is a state highway that runs from Strawn to Stephenville.
Route description
SH 108 begins at an intersection with SH 16 in downtown Strawn, and travels east out of town on Housley Street. The highway turns south in Mingus, where it intersects SH 193. South of Mingus, the highway intersects and briefly travels east with Interstate 20. The route then departs to the southeast, where it reaches Stephenville. The route intersects U.S. Routes 67 and 377 in Stephenville, before reaching its southern terminus at U.S. Route 281 just south of Stephenville.
Route history
SH 108 was originally designated on March 16, 1925 from Thurber to Stephenville, along with an extension southward to Lampasas. On June 22, 1925, a branch to Chalk Mountain was added. On July 13, 1925, SH 108 was extended south to San Antonio, with one section replacing a section of SH 46. On March 8, 1926, SH 108 was extended north to Strawn. On June 24, 1931, the section south of Strawn was redesignated as the new state-length SH 66, and the rest was cancelled in exchange of mileage. On July 22, 1932, the section of SH 108 from Stephenville to Strawn was restored. SH 108 has followed the same routing since that time.
State Highway 108A was a spur routing of SH 108 that led from Lampasas east to Temple. The route was designated on March 16, 1925. On March 19, 1930, the route had been renumbered as SH 53 (now US 190).
Major intersections
References
108
Transportation in Erath County, Texas
Transportation in Palo Pinto County, Texas
Trainmaster Command (TMCC) is Lionel's electronic control system for O scale 3-rail model trains and toy trains that mainly ran from 1994 to 2006. Conceptually it is similar to Digital Command Control (DCC), the industry's open standard used by HO scale and other 2-rail DC trains. It has one advantage over DCC, in that TMCC-equipped locomotives can run simultaneously with non-TMCC locomotives and Lionel Legacy engines as well as LionChief and LionChief Plus equipped locomotives. The latter require a dedicated remote controller. MTH Corporation's DCS controller can be configured to control TMCC locomotives, and all four systems (TMCC, Legacy, LionChief/LionChief+ and DCS) can be operated on the same track simultaneously. Each simply requires a constant track voltage (18 volts). TMCC/Legacy "broadcasts" its signal to the antenna on the locomotives which listen for signals that first identify the particular locomotive by number and then it issues given commands as to speed, direction, sounds, lighting and other features. DCS performs similar functions but transmits a carrier over the rails which are picked up through the locomotive's electrical pickup contacts. While TMCC/Legacy and DCS remote controls relay operator commands to a device that transmits them to the train (Command Base or Track Interface Unit), LionChief/LionChief+ also issue remote control commands but the remote and locomotive are married and each locomotive requires a separate remote control. This system requires no additional wiring as the control is directly "narrowcast" to the locomotive in the same way as a television remote control or garage door opener functions. In 2017, Lionel released a universal remote for LionChief+ that will learn addresses for up to three locos at a time, simplifying the operation of multiple trains.
TMCC permits operation of multiple trains on the same track without complex wiring, and also gives locomotives realistic digitized sounds.
Its development was backed financially by rock and roller Neil Young as part of a partnership between Young and one-time Lionel owner Richard Kughn known as Liontech. Liontech, roughly headquartered on Young's northern California ranch, consisted of a loose confederation of technology developers whom Young had assembled to help develop individual components of the TrainMaster Command system.
Chief among these contributors was Applied Design Laboratories of Grass Valley, California, headed by Atari 2600 co-patent holder Ron Milner. Young had been referred to Milner by their neighbor and friend, Nolan Bushnell, co-founder of Atari. Milner's team (consisting of numerous members, including Robert Johnson and Bryan Scott) developed the main elements of the Command system, including the innovation of using the Lionel steel tubular track system as a broadcast antenna for digital signals overlaying the electrical power being delivered through the track to locomotives, rolling stock and connected accessories. In larger layout practical application, the use of the track as an antenna has fallen somewhat short of success, however and a separate antenna wire stapled along the right-of-way has proven to solve the problem.
Also included in the TrainMaster Command system is RailSounds, which provides digital sound effects to complement the digital control features of the system. RailSounds was developed by a separate team of technologists in the Bay Area. An early, distinguishing feature of RailSounds was the fact that each individual locomotive system (e.g. a "Hudson" 4-6-4 steam locomotive) was based on a real-life counterpart, not a generic "steam" sound. The Lionel RailSounds Hudson sound system was captured by the Liontech team on location in West Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, using the former Canadian Pacific "Royal Hudson" as the sound model.
During the 90's Lionel Boom Years, TMCC became one of the most popular O Scale remote systems to use. Introduced in 1994, from the years 1996 to 2002, it had its biggest boom but sales for the TMCC declined since technology had soon caught up with the TMCC system but is still available and many Legacy engines and MTH DCS engines do allow the operation of the older TMCC remote system. By 2006, TMCC was replaced by the Cab-2 and the LEGACY system. TMCC today is used in Lionel products mainly in motorized units, switches, and some accessories.
Lionel has since licensed TMCC to some of its competitors, including K-Line, and aftermarket circuit boards are available to add TMCC to O scale and S scale trains that lack the capability.
Neil Young's involvement in Liontech was the direct reason for theirs becoming aware of Kughn's putting Lionel Trains, Inc. up for sale in early 1995. Young saw an opportunity to become at least part owner in the company they revered, and working with Liontech team member Jim Bunte, assembled a marketing plan to attract investors to help underwrite the purchase price. After several meetings with potential lead equity partners, a deal was struck with Martin Davis, former chairperson of Paramount / Gulf+Western, who had recently divested their ownership in that company to Sumner Redstone of Viacom. With their proceeds, Davis founded Wellspring Associates, a New York-based investment firm. The acquisition of Lionel Trains, Inc. and its September 1995 transformation into Lionel LLC was Wellspring's first investment.
The competitor MTH uses a similar system, called DCS.
TMCCII Legacy
In their 2006 Volume 2 catalog, Lionel officially unveiled the new TMCCII "Legacy" system. TMCCII promises to revolutionize the way people control and play with their model trains, by adding more features that mimic prototypical operations of a real railroad, and subsequently, a real locomotive. TMCCII is backwards-compatible with existing TMCC modules, and can work simultaneously with CAB-1 controller.
Like TMCCI, the core of the "Legacy" system is the handheld remote. The CAB-2 remote features, among other new functions, a back-lit LCD screen, back-lit LCD touchscreen keypad (which can toggle between numbers and control icons), a Feedback mode (the controller rumbles reflecting the struggling engine), and rechargeable batteries.
The first locomotive to feature TMCCII is the Union Pacific Big Boy. At the moment, only the CAB-2 remote and command base are available, with additional modules being released in due course. The second locomotive that was released was the American Flyer New York Central which arrived back in April 2007.
References
Digital model train control
Lionel, LLC
Football at the 1973 Maccabiah Games was held in Israel starting on 10 July.
The competition was open for men's teams only. Teams from 13 countries participated. The competition was won by Israel, who was represented by its U-20 team.
As part of the closing ceremony, an exhibition match was played between Israel and Uruguay, which ended with a 2–1 victory to the visitors.
Format
The 13 teams were divided into four groups, one group of four and three groups of three, with each team playing the others once. The top team from each group qualified to the semi-finals, while the second-placed team qualified to the 5th-8th place play-off and the third-placed team qualified to the 9th-12th place play-off. The fourth-placed team in group A (which had four teams) was eliminated.
First round
Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
Classification round
9th-12th places play-off
5th-8th places play-off
Medals round
Semi-finals
3rd-4th place match
Final
Final ranking
References
1973
Maccabiah Games
Sphedamnocarpus is a plant genus in the Malpighiaceae, consisting of some 10 to 18 species. They are native to Sub-Saharan Africa and Madagascar, and may be subshrubs, shrubs or climbers. Their mostly yellow flowers have 5 sepals and 5 petals. The 3 to 4-locular ovaries develop into samaras.
Species
The species include:
Sphedamnocarpus angolensis (A.Juss.) Planch. ex Oliv.
Sphedamnocarpus barbosae Launert
Sphedamnocarpus cuspidifolius Arènes
Sphedamnocarpus decaryi Arènes
Sphedamnocarpus dubardii R. Vig. & Humbert ex Arènes
Sphedamnocarpus humbertii Arènes
Sphedamnocarpus multiflorus Nied.
Sphedamnocarpus orbicularis Arènes
Sphedamnocarpus pruriens (A. Juss.) Szyszył.
Sphedamnocarpus transvalicus Burtt Davy
References
Malpighiaceae
Malpighiaceae genera
Toad Hall may refer to:
Toad Hall (The Wind in the Willows), the fictional residence of Mr. Toad in The Wind in the Willows
Toad Hall (ANU), a residential hall in Australian National University
See also
Hardwick House, Oxfordshire
Mapledurham House in Oxfordshire
Fawley Court in Buckinghamshire
The 49th Aero Squadron was a United States Army Air Service unit that fought on the Western Front during World War I.
The squadron was assigned as a Day Pursuit (Fighter) Squadron as part of the 2d Pursuit Group, First United States Army. Its mission was to engage and clear enemy aircraft from the skies and provide escort to reconnaissance and bombardment squadrons over enemy territory. It also attacked enemy observation balloons, and perform close air support and tactical bombing attacks of enemy forces along the front lines. After the 1918 Armistice with Germany, the squadron returned to the United States in March 1919 and was demobilized.
On 16 October 1936, the World War I Aero squadron was consolidated with the United States Army Air Corps 49th Bombardment Squadron to preserve the lineage and history of the unit. Today, the United States Air Force 49th Test and Evaluation Squadron performs flight testing at Barksdale Air Force Base, Louisiana.
History
Organization and training
Formed at Kelly Field No. 1, San Antonio, Texas on 6 August 1917. During its initial indoctrination training at Kelly Field, many squadron members were reassigned to other squadrons, however on 25 August, personnel from the 68th Aero Squadron were assigned to the 49th. After about a month of basic training as soldiers, the squadron was moved to the newly opened Kelly Field No. 2 where they began training with Curtiss JN-4 Jennys as a school squadron.
On 16 November, training ended and the squadron moved back to Kelly Field No. 1 to await orders for overseas deployment. On 21 November, an additional 65 men were assigned to the 49th Squadron, and the unit entrained in San Antonio bound for Garden City, Long Island, New York.
The squadron arrived in New York on 3 January 1918. Several weeks were spent at the Aviation Concentration Center, sailing for Liverpool, England on 9 January, arriving on 23 January. The squadron disembarked the ship the next day and marched to the Liverpool railway station where a train took them to Winchester, Hampshire, on the south coast of England. Winchester was reached that evening and the squadron detrained and marched to the Romsey Rest Camp where the squadron remained for a week. On 31 January, the 49th Squadron was divided up into separate flights for training by the Royal Flying Corps in England. Flight "A" and "D" were assigned to the Castle Bromwich Aerodrome, Birmingham; Flight "B" was assigned to Bicester Aerodrome, Oxford, and "C" flight to Rendcomb Aerodrome, Cirencester. The flight officers wee ordered to the Third Air Instructional Center, Issoudun Aerodrome, France for combat training.
The squadron was re-assembled at Castle Bromwich Aerodrome on 5 April where additional training was received until 24 June. From there the squadron departed for France, arriving at Issoudun for additional training on French aircraft. Several weeks were spent there before being assigned to the 3d Pursuit Group and transferring to Vaucouleurs Aerodrome. There the squadron received French SPAD XIII pursuit planes, then being transferred again to Gengault Aerodrome, Toul where the squadron was reassigned to the 2d Pursuit Group.
Combat Operations
Combat patrols began on 18 August when at 06:15 three aircraft took off from Toul. Two of the aircraft had engine problems and were forced to return, leaving Lt Buford alone. At 07:30 they encountered a German Rumpler biplane at 5,000 meters. Lt Buford engaged the enemy aircraft and got on the tail of the Rumpler and fired a long machine-gun burst. The Rumpler caught fire and they saw the plane go into a straight nose dive.
On 23 September, the squadron moved to Belrain Aerodrome near Bar-le-Duc. On 4 October, a patrol of seven aircraft encountered a formation of six Fokkers in the region of Doulcon. Turning, several aircraft of the squadron moved into position to attack, while the remainder remained above. During the course of the combat, several other Fokkers attacked the high flight of the squadron. During the course of the combat, eleven enemy aircraft were seen to go down, the remaining aircraft turning back. One squadron pilot was lost in the battle and another squadron plane was damaged and had to make a forced landing on the friendly side of the lines after receiving several enemy bullets in their engine.
Four of the 49th squadron planes encountered four enemy aircraft during a patrol on 10 October. The squadron attacked the enemy aircraft, seeing one begin to burn and falling in a straight nose dive and crashing to the ground. During the battle one of the squadron's SPAD's lost a wing and begin to fall, being followed down by a Fokker. The enemy aircraft was attacked and driven off. The last Fokker was attacked and it burst into flames, seeing it dive to the ground out of control.
The last combat patrol was flown on 23 October when a formation of four squadron aircraft on patrol encountered four Fokkers. Attacking out of the sun and from above, the 49th Squadron shot down all four enemy aircraft without loss. On 6 November the squadron moved to Souilly Aerodrome, however bad weather led to no combat flying being made before the Armistice on 11 November.
Demobilization
After the Armistice, members of the squadron began taking leave in France, with the organization standing down, although some cross-country flights were made. On 6 December orders were received from First Army for the squadron to report to the 1st Air Depot, Colombey-les-Belles Airdrome to turn in all of its supplies and equipment and was relieved from duty with the AEF. The squadron's SPAD aircraft were delivered to the Air Service American Air Service Acceptance Park No. 1 at Orly Aerodrome to be returned to the French. There practically all of the pilots and observers were detached from the squadron.
Personnel at Colombey were subsequently assigned to the commanding general, services of supply, and ordered to report to one of several staging camps in France. There, personnel awaited scheduling to report to one of the base ports in France for transport to the United States and subsequent demobilization. Finally, in March, the squadron boarded a ship bound for New York, and upon return to the United States, the men of the 49th Aero Squadron were demobilized and returned to civilian life.
During its time in Combat, the 49th Aero Squadron downed 25 enemy aircraft, losing six pilots killed, wounded, or missing.
Lineage
Organized as 49th Aero Squadron, on 6 August 1917
Re-designated: 49th Aero Squadron (Pursuit), July 1918
Demobilized on 22 March 1919
Assignments
Post Headquarters, Kelly Field, 6 August-21 November 1917
Aviation Concentration Center, 3–23 January 1918
Air Service Headquarters, AEF, British Isles, 23 January 1918
Attached to the Royal Flying Corps for training, 24 January-28 July 1918
3d Air Instructional Center, 2–28 July 1918
3d Pursuit Group, Air Service, 1st Army, AEF, 28 July-2 August 1918
2d Pursuit Group, Air Service, 1st Army, AEF, 2 August-7 December 1918
1st Air Depot, AEF, 7 December 1918
Commanding General, Services of Supply, December 1918 – March 1919
Eastern Department, March 1919
Stations
Kelly Field, Texas, 6 August 1917
Aviation Concentration Center, Garden City, New York, 3 January 1918
Port of Entry, Hoboken, New Jersey
Overseas transport: 9–23 January 1918
Liverpool, England, 24 January 1918
Winchester, England, 25 January 1918
RFC Castle Bromwich, England, 31 January-24 June 1918
Flight "A" and "C" detached to: RFC Castle Bromwich, Birmingham, 31 January-5 April 1918
Flight "B" detached to: RFC Bicester, Oxford, 31 January-5 April 1918
Flight "D" detached to: RFC Rendcomb, Cirencester, 31 January-5 April 1918
Squadron reformed at RFC Castle Bromwich, 5 April-24 June 1918
Issoudun Aerodrome, France, 2–28 July 1918
Vaucouleurs Aerodrome, France, 28 July 1918 – 2 August 1918
Croix de Metz Aerodrome, Toul, France, 2 August 1918 – 23 September 1918
Belrain Aerodrome, France, 23 September 1918 – 7 November 1918
Souilly Aerodrome, France, 7 November 1918 – December 1918
Colombey-les-Belles Airdrome, France, December 1918 – Early 1919
France, Early 1919 – March 1919
Garden City, New York, March-22 March 1919
Combat sectors and campaigns
Notable personnel
Lt. David H. Backus, DSC (2x), 4 aerial victories
Lt. George R. Baxter, SSC
Lt. Hugh Brewster, DSC, 2 aerial victories
Lt. Hugh Bridgman, SSC, 1 aerial victory
Lt. Z. William Colson, SSC
Cpt. George F. Fisher, DSC, SSC, 1 aerial victory
Lt. Hugh L. Fontaine, DSC (2x), 4 aerial victories
Lt. Henry W. Hume, SSC
Lt. Clair A. Kinney, DSC, 1 aerial victory (KIA)
Lt. James F. Manning, Jr., DSC, 4 aerial victories
Lt. James R. McKay, DSC, 1 aerial victory
Lt. Ora R. McMurry, DSC (2x), 3 aerial victories
Lt. Lewis C. Plush, DSC, 2 aerial victories
Lt. Alexander P. Schenck, DSC, 3 aerial victories
Lt. Charles H. Woolley, SSC
DSC: Distinguished Service Cross; SSC: Silver Star Citation; KIA: Killed in Action
See also
List of American aero squadrons
Organization of the Air Service of the American Expeditionary Force
References
Fighter squadrons of the Air Service, United States Army
0049
Military units and formations established in 1917
Military units and formations disestablished in 1919
The Moscow BMW billboard was unveiled in 2008 as one of the largest and most elaborate billboards in the world. The billboard had an area of 1.5 acres and depicted an expressway, containing real, full-sized BMWs. At night, the headlights of the cars are lit up. The car models on the billboard were the BMW M Coupe, the BMW M3, the BMW M5, and BMW M6.
References
Billboards
BMW
Buildings and structures in Moscow
2008 establishments in Russia
Michalis Bousis (; born 2 January 1999) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a left-back.
Career
AEK Athens
Bousis comes from AEK Athens' youth ranks.
On 25 August 2019, they were loaned to Ergotelis.
On 6 October 2020, they joined Apollon Larissa on a season-long loan.
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Greece youth international footballers
Super League Greece players
Super League Greece 2 players
AEK Athens F.C. players
Ergotelis F.C. players
Association football defenders
Footballers from Athens
Rory Waterman (born in Belfast, 1981) is a poet, critic, editor and academic resident in Nottingham, England.
Early life
Waterman grew up mainly in a lodge house to an estate near Nocton, Lincolnshire with their mother and grandmother, then in a council house in Metheringham, with long stays in Coleraine in Northern Ireland from the age of 10, to see their father. They then took degrees in English at the University of Leicester and Durham University.
Career
Waterman teaches at Nottingham Trent University, and co-edits the poetry pamphlet press New Walk Editions, with Nick Everett at the University of Leicester.  They are also a critic and reviewer, writing regularly for the Times Literary Supplement, PN Review, and other publications, and the author of several books of literary criticism. Their poetry has been shortlisted for a Ledbury Forte Prize and a Seamus Heaney Prize, and has been made a PBS Recommendation.
In addition to their three collections with Carcanet, their poems have appeared in the New Statesman, The Guardian, The Financial Times, and various other magazines and newspapers, as well as a number of anthologies, including The Best British Poetry and The Forward Book of Poetry. The Manchester Review wrote that 'Rory Waterman's first complete collection, Tonight the Summer's Over was much lauded, seen as "the best first collection for the past couple of years" and was a PBS recommendation. The splendidly titled Brexit Day on the Balmoral Estate is a fine widening out of subject matter.' The TLS, reviewing their second book, commended them for a 'seriousness of form and subject uncommon among their generation', and describes their work as 'subversive – and substantial.' Their critical essays have appeared in Essays in Criticism, English, Poetry Review, PN Review, and elsewhere.
Books
Poetry
Sweet Nothings (Carcanet Press, 2020)
Sarajevo Roses (Carcanet Press, 2017) - shortlisted for the Ledbury Forte Prize 2019
Brexit Day on the Balmoral Estate (Rack Press, 2017) - pamphlet
Tonight the Summer's Over (Carcanet Press, 2013) - Poetry Book Society Recommendation, shortlisted for Seamus Heaney Prize 2014
Criticism
Wendy Cope (Liverpool University Press, 2021)
Poets of the Second World War (Liverpool University Press, 2016)
Belonging and Estrangement in the Poetry of Philip Larkin, R. S. Thomas and Charles Causley (Routledge, 2014)
Edited by
with Anthony Caleshu, Poetry & Covid-19 (Shearsman, 2021)
W. H. Davies: Essays on the Super-Tramp Poet (Anthem, 2021)
with David Belbin, 25 (Shoestring, 2019)
Something Happens, Sometimes Here: Contemporary Lincolnshire Poets (Five Leaves, 2015)
W. H. Davies, The True Traveller: A Reader (Carcanet/Fyfield Books, 2015)
References
External links
Carcanet Press author page
Staff profile at Nottingham Trent University
Academics of Nottingham Trent University
Male poets from Northern Ireland
Living people
Writers from Belfast
1981 births
Male writers from Northern Ireland
21st-century writers from Northern Ireland
21st-century poets from Northern Ireland
Alumni of Durham University
John T. Polhemus (11 September 1929 Ames, Iowa – 21 May 2013 Englewood, Colorado) was an American entomologist specialising in semi-aquatic Heteroptera. Polhemus wrote 288 peer-reviewed publications and described 474 species new to science.
Biography
Polhemus was born in the American city of Ames, Iowa, the son of George and Elsie Polhemus.
References
1929 births
2013 deaths
American entomologists
Thomas Francis Enright was the first Pennsylvanian serviceman and perhaps the first American serviceman to die in World War I, along with Corporal James Bethel Gresham of Evansville, Indiana and Private Merle Hay of Glidden, Iowa.
Early life and military service
Thomas Francis Enright was born May 8, 1887, in Bloomfield, Pennsylvania. They were the seventh child of Irish immigrants, Ellen and John Enright. They were also their first child not to be born in Ireland. They enlisted in the U.S. Army in 1909. They had served in post-Boxer Rebellion China and earned the title expert cavalryman while fighting Moros during the Philippine Insurrection. By 1914, they were serving in Veracruz with the 16th Infantry Regiment. In 1916, they were in Mexico again serving under General John J. Pershing, during their expedition to locate and capture Pancho Villa. Sometime after this, they left the army and returned to the Pittsburgh area.
World War I service
After a short return to Pittsburgh, Enright reenlisted and joined the 16th Infantry at Fort Bliss, Texas. On 26 June 1917, the regiment disembarked in St. Nazaire, France, as part of the 1st Infantry Division. Four months later, Enright's company was moved to the trenches near Artois, France. In the early morning of 3 November 1917, the Imperial German Army attacked. After an hour of fighting, Enright, along with Corporal James Bethel Gresham, and Private Merle Hay were the first three casualties of the American Expeditionary Force.
Two days later, on 5 Nov 1917, Enright, Gresham, and Hay were buried near the battlefield where they had died. An inscription marked their graves: "Here lie the first soldiers of the illustrious Republic of the United States who fell on French soil for justice and liberty." Their bodies were eventually returned to their families and reburied in the United States. On 16 July 1921, the city of Pittsburgh honored them with their casket lying in state at the Soldiers and Sailors National Military Museum and Memorial located in the city's Oakland section. The funeral procession was led by a gun casson drawn by six horse followed by a memorial service, led by Bishop of Pittsburgh, Hugh Charles Boyle, was held at the St. Paul Cathedral. Afterwards the procession continued to St. Mary Cemetery in the city's Lawrenceville neighborhood where Enright was reburied with full military honors after which a wreath from General Pershing was laid upon their grave.
See also
Albert Mayer (soldier), the first Imperial German Army soldier killed, 1914
Jules Andre Peugeot, the first French Army soldier killed, 1914
John Parr, the first British Army soldier killed, 1914
James Bethel Gresham, one of the first three American Army soldiers killed, 1917
Merle Hay, one of the first three American Army soldiers killed, 1917
George Edwin Ellison, the last British Army soldier killed in World War I, at 9:30 a.m. 11 November
Augustin Trébuchon, last French soldier killed, at 10:45 a.m. 11 November
George Lawrence Price, last Commonwealth soldier killed in World War I, 10:58 a.m. 11 November.
Henry Gunther, last soldier killed in World War I, at 10:59 a.m. 11 November.
References
External links
Michael Connors (2007). Finding Private Enright: Ninety years ago this month, the first Americans died in World War I. Thomas Enright of Pittsburgh was one of the three. Here is the story of a forgotten hero.. Retrieved from the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette November 11, 2007.
Heiman Blatt (1920). Sons of Men: Evansville's War Record
1887 births
1917 deaths
Military personnel from Pittsburgh
American military personnel killed in World War I
United States Army soldiers
American people of Irish descent
Julius Lieban (19 February 1857 – 1 February 1940) was an Austro-German operatic tenor.
Life
Lieban was born as the son of a hazzan in Břeclav and learned to play the violin from gypsies in their youth. Later they attended the conservatory of the Gesellschaft der Musikfreunde, studied singing with Josef Gänsbacher and came to the local theatre as a violinist. Afterwards they sang at the Stadttheater in Leipzig and at the Komische Oper in Vienna as opera buffa. In 1881 they took part in the Wagner tour of Angelo Neumann and later sang at the Bayreuth Festival. From 1883 they were member of the Staatsoper Unter den Linden as ; later they also sang at the newly founded Deutsche Oper Berlin in Charlottenburg. In 1908 Lieban was appointed Kammersänger. Still in 1933 they sang the Mime at the State Opera at the age of 70. They were successfully engaged for guest performances at many great opera stages all over Europe. Their last engagements in Berlin were as a singing teacher. They were married to the soprano Helene Lieban-Globig (31 March 1866 in Berlin – 1919 in Stettin?).
Their brothers were the baritone Adalbert Lieban, the bass Adolf Lieban and the baritone Siegmund Lieban.
Lieban died in Berlin at the age of 82. Their grave is located in the where they rest next to their brother Adalbert.
Student
Albert Reiss
Further reading
Ludwig Eisenberg: Großes biographisches Lexikon der Deutschen Bühne im XIX. Jahrhundert. Paul List publishing house, Leipzig 1903, , ().
Wilhelm Kosch: Deutsches Theater-Lexikon : biographisches und bibliographisches Handbuch, volume 2, Klagenfurt and Vienna, 1960, .
Karl-Josef Kutsch, Leo Riemens: Großes Sängerlexikon, Bern-Stuttgart 1987, Sp. 1709/1710.
Deutsche Biographische Enzyklopädie, vol. 6, 2. A., Munich 2006, .
External links
Austrian operatic tenors
German operatic tenors
19th-century Austrian male opera singers
20th-century German male opera singers
1857 births
1940 deaths
People from Břeclav
"About Ta Blast" is the debut single by American rapcore band downset. It was released as a seven-inch single in August 1993 through Abstract Recordings. The song was later re-recorded for the band's self-titled debut album in 1994 under the spelling "About To Blast". In 2022, it was reissued with the demo version of "Breed The Killer" as a bonus track.
Composition and lyrics
"About Ta Blast" is a rapcore song. The original version of the song is written in the key of B-flat major with a common time tempo of 96 beats per minute. The song's guitars are tuned to Drop D-flat.
While parts of the song were previously written beforehand, the song is based around the aftermath of the 1992 Los Angeles riots and the lack of progress and change in police brutality following the riots. It was also written about their friend, Scam, who was forced to leave their home in Watts, Los Angeles due to the consistent harassment by the Los Angeles Police Department. "You would think that after all the riots and the rest of the turmoil that has happened in this city that the police would change their attitudes towards people, but they told me how cops continually harass people and set people up for no reason. People that live in these ghetto-barrio places can only put up with so much harassment. They had to leave their home because the harassment was too much and jail just for being or living there was not right." Rey also made clear the simmering tensions in Los Angeles following the riots that was getting worse even after the riots; "818 about to blast! 213 about to blast! 310 about to blast! It can happen again."
Release
"About Ta Blast" was released in August 1993 by Abstract Recordings. "About To Blast" was included on the band's self-titled debut album the following year.
In February 2022, it was announced that the single would be re-issued alongside "Anger / Ritual" by Nuclear Blast Records with a demo version of "Breed The Killer" being included with it. "Breed The Killer" also received a music video.
Track listing
2022 reissue
Personnel
Adapted from Tidal.
downset.
Rey Oropeza – vocals, songwriting
Chris Lee – drums, songwriting
Rogelio "Roy" Lozano – guitar, songwriting
Roger H. Ramirez – bass guitar, songwriting
James Morris – bass guitar, songwriting (on "Breed The Killer")
Production
Roy Z – producer (all tracks), songwriting
References
1993 debut singles
Rapcore songs
1992 Los Angeles riots
The Eurasian cuisine is a 'fusion' cuisine, mainly existing and found in the countries of Singapore and Malaysia.
Origins
In general, Eurasians are people of any mixed European and Asian ancestry. However, if referring to Eurasian cuisine, usually the amalgamation of Portuguese, Dutch, British, Chinese, Malay, and also Indian and Peranakan influences is meant. Within this cuisine, ingredients in European dishes are replaced or complemented by Asian ingredients. Conversely, European ingredients are used in Asian dishes.
For example, cream in European recipes is replaced by coconut cream and dried Chinese sausage (lap cheong) is used instead of chorizo. Also, the use of soy sauce, chilli and ginger is used interchangeably with vinegar, mustard and Worcestershire sauce.
Definition
There is no clear definition of what can be specified as Eurasian. Some dishes are also found in Indonesian, Malaysian, Singaporean and Chinese cuisines. By local adaptation(s), or by its ubiquitous presence within the Eurasian community, a dish is sometimes considered "Eurasian".
Dishes
Shepherd's pie (British), a traditional dish with meat and mashed potatoes with the addition of soy sauce, oyster sauce, Chinese mushrooms and garlic.
Oxtail stew (British), a stew with cinnamon, soy sauce and star anise.
Chicken chop, a grill-fried boneless chicken thigh marinated in a mix of soy sauce and Worcestershire sauce, usually served in a black pepper or mushroom sauce with a side of fries and vegetables.
Devil's curry or curry debal (Portuguese), chicken in a sauce of chilli, galangal, vinegar and kemiri nuts (candle nuts).
Kueh kochi pulot hitam, a cake of black and white glutinous rice flour with a filling of mung beans or coconut.
Banana salad with egg, lettuce, cilantro and chili chukka (a dip of chilli, sugar, vinegar, garlic, light soy sauce and ginger).
Curry feng, a spicy Eurasian curry dish containing minced beef or pork; minced pig's kidney, liver, stomach, tripe and tongue; and various spices
Semur, a type of meat stew (mainly beef), that is braised in thick brown gravy.
Sugee cake, a semolina cake
Putugal, a steamed rice cake
Literature
Gomes, Mary (2009), The Eurasian Cookbook, Horizon Books, Singapore,
Hutton, Wendy (2003), Eurasian Favourites, Periplus Mini Cookbooks, Periplus, Singapore,
Pereira, Quentin (2012), Eurasian Heritage Cooking, Marshall Cavendish Cuisine, Singapore,
D'Silva, Damian (2012), Rebel with a Course, Ate, Singapore,
See also
Eurasians in Singapore
Fusion cuisine
Indo cuisine
Kristang people
List of Asian cuisines
Cuisine by continent
Singaporean fusion cuisine
Malaysian fusion cuisine
European cuisine
Ronald Andrew Weinberg (born 1952) is an American-born Canadian fraudster and former television producer and business person best known as the co-founder of the CINAR animation studio (later to be known as Cookie Jar Group, now renamed as WildBrain), and its co-CEO during a scandal that eventually brought down the company. In 2014, they were charged with 26 counts of fraud in Montreal. Two years later, Weinberg was sentenced to nine years in prison.
CINAR
In 1976, Weinberg met their future wife, Micheline Charest, in New Orleans, where they attended Tulane University. The two organized an event for a women's film festival, and worked at distributing foreign films to US theatres. The couple moved to New York and formed CINAR as a foreign film distributor.
In 1984, the company relocated to Montreal, and changed its focus to children's television.
Scandal
In March 2000, an internal audit revealed that about $122 million (US) was invested into Bahamian bank accounts without the boardmembers' approval. CINAR had also paid American screenwriters for work while continuing to accept Government of Canada grants for content. The names of Canadians, most notably, Charest's sister, Helene via the alias "Eric Alexandre" (Eric and Alex Weinberg are the names of Charest and Weinberg's sons), were credited for the work, allowing CINAR to benefit from Canadian tax credits. While the province of Quebec did not file criminal charges, CINAR denied any wrongdoing, choosing instead to pay a settlement to Canadian and Quebec tax authorities of $17.8 million (CAD) and another $2.6 million (CAD) to Telefilm Canada, a Canadian federal funding agency. The value of Cinar stock plummeted, and the company was soon delisted.
In 2001, as part of a settlement agreement with the Commission des Valeurs Mobilières du Québec (Quebec Securities Commission) Charest and Weinberg agreed to pay $1 million each and were banned from serving in the capacity of directors or officers at any publicly traded Canadian company for five years. There was no admission of guilt and none of the allegations have been proven in court. In March 2004, CINAR was purchased for more than $140 million (US) by a group led by Nelvana co-founder, Michael Hirsh. Charest and Weinberg reportedly received $18 million (US) for their company shares.
In August 2009, Claude Robinson, a graphic artist and writer, won a copyright case against CINAR, Weinberg, Charest and Co. in relation to their work, Robinson Curiosité, which was plagiarized for the internationally successful animated series Robinson Sucroe.
Arrest
On March 10, 2011, Weinberg was arrested for securities fraud in connection with their involvement in the scandal.
On January 17, 2014, former CFO Hasanain Panju pleaded guilty to undisclosed crimes. The judge noted these crimes were "reprehensible" and placed a publication ban on details surrounding the trial. Panju was sentenced to four years in prison.
On May 12, 2014, Weinberg, John Xanthoudakis of Norshield Financial Group and Lino Matteo of Mount Real Corp. were charged with 26 counts of fraud in Montreal Superior Court. They were convicted on most of the counts on June 2, 2016, and in the trial Panju acted as a key Crown witness. On June 22, 2016, Weinberg was sentenced to eight years and eleven months in prison, and the other two received sentences of seven years and eleven months each. On May 3, 2019, Weinberg was fully paroled.
References
American businesspeople convicted of crimes
American chief executives
American expatriates in Canada
American people convicted of fraud
American emigrants to Canada
American prisoners and detainees
American white-collar criminals
Canadian chief executives
Canadian fraudsters
Canadian prisoners and detainees
Canadian television producers
Canadian white-collar criminals
Criminals from Montreal
Living people
Tulane University alumni
1952 births
Nibong Tebal may refer to:
Nibong Tebal
Nibong Tebal (federal constituency), represented in the Dewan Rakyat
Nibong Tebal (state constituency), formerly represented in the Penang State Legislative Assembly (1959–74)
Nibong Tebal Paper Mill, Malaysian paper and consumer goods company.
"Say cheese" is an English-language instruction used by photographers who want their subject or subjects to smile. By saying "cheese", most people form their mouths into what appears to be a smile-like shape.
History
In the late 19th century, different aesthetic and behavioral norms required keeping the mouth small, which led to photographers using "say prunes".
In different languages and cultures
Perhaps because of strong Western influence, especially in the realm of photography, and perhaps because of increased numbers of Western visitors after photographic equipment became widely available, "Say cheese" has also entered into the Japanese language. However, "say" is almost always dropped from the phrase, resulting in simply being "Cheese." This is usually in Japanese (and written in katakana) as "chiizu" (チーズ).
Other languages have adopted this method, albeit with different words that sound similar to cheese to get the desired effect of shaping the mouth to form a smile.
Argentina: "whiskey" ("whiskey", pronounced to end with an ee sound.)
Bulgaria: "Zele" ("Cabbage")
Brazil: "Digam 'X'''" ("Say 'X'") (the name of the letter "X" in Portuguese (/ʃis/) sounds a lot like the English word "cheese").
China: 茄子 (Qiézi), meaning "eggplant". The pronunciation of this word is notably similar to that of the English word "cheese". In Hong Kong, the phrase is "一,二,三" ("yat yi saam") meaning "1, 2, 3."
Colombia: "whiskey" ("whiskey", pronounced to end with an ee sound.)
Croatia: "ptičica" ("little bird")
Czech Republic: "sýr" ("cheese")
Denmark: "Sig appelsin" ("Say orange")
Finland: "Muikku", a species of fish known in English as the vendace.
France and other French-speaking countries: "ouistiti" ("marmoset")
Germany: Food-related words like "Spaghetti", "Käsekuchen" (cheesecake), or "Wurst" are used, mainly to make children laugh for the picture.
Hungary: "Itt repül a kis madár" ("Here flies the little bird") "cheese" is also used, mostly by younger people.
India: "paneer" (Hindi: पनीर) people also say hari
Italy: "dì cheese" ("say cheese")Morocco: "Khbiz" ("bread")
Iran: "سیب" (Saib), meaning "apple."
Israel: "תגידו צ'יז" (tagidu tshiz), meaning "say cheese".
Japan: "Sei, No..." ("Ready, Set..."). Also チーズ (chīzu), meaning "cheese", is used.
Korea: "kimchi"
Most Latin American countries: "Diga 'whiskey'" ("Say 'whiskey'").
Netherlands: "Lach eens naar het vogeltje" ("Smile at the little bird"). The English word "cheese" is also often used.
Nigeria: Many photographers prompt the subjects of their photographs to say "cheese" at the count of three
Portugal: "Olha o passarinho" ("Look at the little bird").
Russia: The English word "cheese", or sometimes the Russian word "сыр" (pronounced seer) which means "cheese". Also "Скажи изюм" (pronounced Skazhi izyum), meaning "Say raisins" (used as the title of a 1983 novel by Vasily Aksyonov).
Serbia: "птичица" ("Little bird") which sounds like pteecheetsa
Slovakia: "syr" ("cheese")
Spain: "di/decid patata" ("say potato"). Also, "mirar al pajarito" ("look at the birdie"), intended to make people look directly at the camera. In other regions, like Catalonia or Valencian Community: "Lluís" ("Lewis").
Sweden: "Säg omelett" ("Say omelette")
Turkey: "Peynir" ("cheese")
Vietnam: "2... 3... Cười lên nào!" ("2... 3... Smile!"). And sometimes "i..i..i....''" (pronounced like the name of the letter "E" in English).
References
Photography
Irumbu Manithan () is a 2020 Tamil language film directed by Disney and starring Santhosh Prathap and Archana in the lead roles.
Cast
Santhosh Prathap as Sundharam
Archana as Thenmozhi
Ganja Karuppu as Munikannu
Madhusudhan Rao as Madhusoodhanan
Nishanth
Anitha Sampath
'Poraali' Dileepan
Production
Director Disney began working on a film that will take place in several time periods. This was the second film of Disney who earlier directed Naan Sivanagiren (2011) under the name Gnanasekar. Archana, who was a part of Disney's unreleased Kuttram Purindhaal, is a part of this film. Santhosh Prathap, Ganja Karuppu, and Madhusudhan Rao sport several looks in the film.
Soundtrack
Songs for the film were composed by KS Manoj. Simbu edited and sang the folk song "Don't Worry Pullingo". The songs are written by Disney, Mohanraj, and Niranjan Bharathi.
Don't Worry Pullingo - Simbu
Vaazhvo Oru Vaanavil - Sathyaprakash D
Katthaadi Parakkavitta - Mookkuthi Murugan
Pachaikili Parappathupola - Ranjith
Release
The film was released on 28 February 2020. The Times of India gave the film one-and-a-half out of five stars and criticised Sundharam's character arc while praising Ganja Karuppu's portrayal of Friday. Dina Thanthi praised the acting, direction, and story. Maalaimalar praised the film as a whole.
References
External links
2020 films
2020s Tamil-language films
Indian drama films
Charles Frederic Ulrich (18 October 1858 – 15 May 1908) was an American Realist painter who spent most of their career in Germany.  They are best known for their genre scenes of working-class people.
Biography
They were born in New York City. Their father, Friedrich, was from Germany. Ulrich began their art studies at the National Academy of Design and the Cooper Union. In 1875, after completing their work there, they took their first trip to Germany; visiting Munich, where they enrolled at the Academy of Fine Arts. Their primary instructors were Ludwig von Löfftz and Wilhelm von Lindenschmit. They also became friends with John Henry Twachtman and joined the circle of American-born artists who associated with Frank Duveneck in Munich and the Bavarian town of Polling.
Between 1879 and 1881, Ulrich was back in the United States, where they made a study of the methods used by artists during the Golden Age of Dutch painting; especially the interiors of Pieter de Hooch and Jan Vermeer and the portraits of Frans Hals and Anthony van Dyck. In 1883, they were named an Associate Member of their alma mater, the National Academy, and a full member of the Society of American Artists. They soon became one of the few artists of that period to deal with the depiction of social issues. A notable work from this time was In the Land of Promise (1884), showing an immigrant in the reception station at Castle Garden.
This attracted the attention of Thomas B. Clarke, a lace and linen manufacturer who was also a collector of contemporary art. Ulrich painted Clarke's portrait and Clarke promoted their career, awarding them the first Thomas B. Clarke Prize for "Best American Figure Composition".
In the summer of 1884, Ulrich returned to Europe; travelling with William Merritt Chase and Robert Frederick Blum. They visited Belgium and the Netherlands. Ulrich and Blum shared an apartment in Haarlem. They were together for much of the next three years. Blum concentrated on scenes from everyday life, while Ulrich continued to focus on social commentary; including paintings done from sketches made in an orphanage.
Europe became their home. The year 1886 found them living in Venice, followed by the Netherlands in 1890. They also visited Venice repeatedly after 1890 and, from 1899 to 1902, lived in Rome. In 1888 and 1892, they organized exhibits of American art in Munich. He, himself, exhibited at the London Royal Academy of Arts and the Glaspalast and, in 1893, joined the Berlin Secession at the Große Berliner Kunstausstellung.
In 1897, they married Margarethe Oppenheim (1877–1939), daughter of the banker, . In 1906, their name appears on the membership list of the Deutscher Künstlerbund, making them one of its earliest members.
Ulrich died of pneumonia in Berlin in 1908.
Selected paintings
References
External links
In the Land of Promise at the Corcoran
Charles Frederic Ulrich on Artnet
1858 births
1908 deaths
19th-century American painters
American male painters
20th-century American painters
20th-century American male artists
Painters from New York (state)
Artists from New York City
19th-century American male artists
Kinnego railway station served Kinnego in County Donegal, Ireland.
The station opened on 1 November 1929 on the Londonderry and Lough Swilly Railway line from Londonderry Graving Dock to Carndonagh.
It closed for passengers on 2 December 1935.
Routes
References
Disused railway stations in County Donegal
Railway stations opened in 1929
Railway stations closed in 1935
1929 establishments in Ireland
1935 disestablishments in Ireland
Events from the year 1665 in Ireland.
Incumbent
Monarch: Charles II
Events
The Act of Explanation states that Cromwellian settlers (with some named exceptions) have to give up one third of the lands they received after 1652 in order to compensate innocent Catholic landowners.
King Charles II of England and Ireland grants letters patent to Sir Robert Reading to erect six lighthouses on the coast of Ireland, at Hook Head, Old Head of Kinsale, Barry Oge's castle, the Isle of Magee (near Carrickfergus) and Howth (two).
King Charles II elevates the office of Mayor of Dublin to Lord Mayor of Dublin, the first holder being The Right Honourable Sir Daniel Bellingham.
Michael Boyle (archbishop of Armagh) is appointed Lord Chancellor of Ireland, an office they will hold for more than twenty years.
Births
29 April – James Butler, 2nd Duke of Ormonde, soldier and statesman (d.1745)
Deaths
3 June – Charles MacCarthy, Irish soldier (killed in battle)
August – Donagh MacCarthy, Viscount Muskerry, general in the Irish Confederate Wars
References
1660s in Ireland
Ireland
Years of the 17th century in Ireland
Nils Klöfver (born 13 November 1982 in Stockholm) is classical guitarist who plays the 11-string alto guitar as well as the standard 6-string instrument. With a strong focus on chamber music they have performed and recorded in ensembles with violin, flute, string quartet and singers.
Nils Klöfver graduated from the Bachelor of Music (Hons) course at the Royal College of Music in 2006 with a first class degree. In the same year they also won first prize in the yearly Royal College of Music Guitar Competition, made their debut at the Wigmore Hall and appeared as a finalist in the distinguished Jörgen Rörby competition in Sweden.
During their college years they studied with Carlos Bonell and Gary Ryan and also participated in master classes with John Williams, David Russell, Roland Dyens and Marco Socias among others. They have received scholarships from the Swedish Royal Academy of Music (Kungl. Musikaliska Akademien), The Cultural Board of the Council of Borlänge and Sparbanksstiftelsen.
Recordings
Guitar & Alto Guitar is Nils Klöfver's first album with music for classical guitar and 11-string alto guitar. Works by J.S. Bach, J. Dowland, F. Tarrega, R. Dyens among others.
Variety Lights is an album with violin and guitar ensemble Kleiman Klöfver Duo. Works by G.F. Händel, T. Aulin, M. de Falla among others.
Romance d'Amour
Publications
Nils Klöfver has published a number of chamber music arrangements with guitar with different publishers, e.g. Gehrmans Music Publishing and Ernesto Musikverlag.
References
External links
Official website: nilsklofver.com
Kleiman Klöfver Duo: kleiman-klofver.com
Living people
Classical guitarists
1982 births
Swedish guitarists
Male guitarists
21st-century guitarists
Swedish male musicians
Archie Leroy Musick (1902–1978) was an American painter. They studied under Thomas Hart Benton, Stanton Macdonald-Wright, and Boardman Robinson.
Early life and family
Archie Musick was born January 19, 1902, in Kirksville, Missouri, to parents Levi Prince Musick and Zada (Goeghegan) Musick. They attended Kirksville schools and later Northeast Missouri State Teachers College (now known as Truman State University). In 1947 they married Irene Kolodziej, who was head of the ceramics department at the University of Missouri Columbia, and they were the parents of two children, Patricia Ruth Musick and Daniel Barrett Musick. After Irene's death they married Jane Wyeth Knight. Archie Musick was the brother of author and folklorist Ruth Ann Musick as well as the nephew of author John R. Musick.
Career
Their first major mural, "Hard Rock Miners," (1934, 5″×14″) was funded by the Public Works of Art Project and may be seen in the City Auditorium in Colorado Springs, Colorado, where for many years they were the art instructor at the Cheyenne Mountain School. Musick's work can be seen as well in the Red Cloud, Nebraska, Post Office, the Manitou Springs, Colorado, post office, and their alma mater, Truman State University (B.Sc; then Northeast Missouri State Teachers' College). They were commissioned by the class of 1928 to paint the snow-covered ruins of Old Baldwin Hall, which was destroyed in a 1924 fire. They described their first private mural commissions (well before the New Deal-funded ones) as "scenic pot-boilers on restaurant walls, (which) were happily destroyed by fire." They spent most of their career in Colorado, with a year (1946-7) teaching at the University of Missouri and several years after that teaching at another Missouri university. The post office murals were funded by the New Deal Section of Painting and Sculpture program; the Red Cloud mural was painted in 1941 and the Manitou Springs one, "Hunters red and White," in 1942. In the course of creating "Hunters Red and White," Archie developed the signature egg tempera/colored pencil technique that they used for smaller paintings throughout the rest of their life.
Their book, Musick Medley: Intimate Memories of a Rocky Mountain Art Colony, is a personal view of the art world of the Colorado Springs region from the 1920s to the 1950s, including the Broadmoor Art Academy and Colorado Springs Fine Arts Center.
Musick also illustrated selected works for their sister Ruth Ann Musick, collections The Telltale Lilac Bush and Other West Virginia Ghost Tales, Coffin Hollow and Other Ghost Tales, and Green Hills of Magic: West Virginia Folktales from Europe. Many of the original ink board illustrations from these publications are within the archives of Fairmont State University's West Virginia Folklife Center. Two enameled copper and steel murals incorporating many of Archie's illustrations (along with additional original illustrations to other tales) were created by their daughter, Pat Musick, when they were Artist-in-Residence at FSU in 1992. The murals are on exhibit for public viewing in the foyer of the Ruth Ann Musick Library on the main campus.
Sources
Who Was Who in American Art. Compiled from the original thirty-four volumes of American Art Annual: Who's Who in Art, Biographies of American Artists Active from 1898 to 1947. Edited by Peter Hastings Falk. Madison, CT: Sound View Press, 1985. (WhAmArt 1)
References
External links
“Chores on Pike's Peak”
Writing
Oil Painting for Beginners (1930)
Jigger Flies First (juvenile; 1957)
Transplanting Culture. Magazine of Art March, 1937
Musick Medley: Intimate Memories of a Rocky Mountain Art Colony Colorado Springs: Jane and Archie Musick 1971.
1902 births
1978 deaths
People from Kirksville, Missouri
Truman State University alumni
American muralists
20th-century American painters
American male painters
Modern painters
Public Works of Art Project artists
Painters from Missouri
University of Missouri faculty
20th-century American printmakers
20th-century American male artists
Section of Painting and Sculpture artists
A list of films produced in Hong Kong in 1968:.
1968
References
External links
IMDB list of Hong Kong films
Hong Kong films of 1968 at HKcinemamagic.com
1968
Hong Kong
Films
Line 3 is a rapid transit line of the Santiago Metro. Traveling from La Reina in the east towards the center, and Quilicura in the North, Line 3 was originally intended to open in the late 1980s, but the 1985 Algarrobo Earthquake hampered its construction, and a subsequent urban explosion in Puente Alto and Maipú (in the far southeast and mid-southwest respectively) further put its construction on hold, until in the early 2010s construction started. The first phase of the project includes 18 stations, which were completed and opened to the public on 22 January 2019. The second phase, composed of a three-station extension towards the main square of Quilicura, should open by 2023. Its color on the map is chocolate.
History
Line 3 was initially planned for construction after Lines 1 and 2 but the 1985 Algarrobo earthquake near Santiago meant work on the new line had to be postponed so that the resources could be used to rebuild the damage caused by the earthquake. In the 1990s, Santiago's transportation needs changed dramatically with a population explosion in the south of the city, especially the communes of La Florida, Chile and Puente Alto, and the plans for Line 3 were postponed again in favour of Line 5, Line 4 and Line 4A in the south.
Despite this, there are pockets of Line 3 works hidden around Santiago, such as the Ghost Station under Puente Cal y Canto station, located to the east of the line 2 side of the station, where works were carried out for years.
In 2010, another new line was announced, Line 6, which once again saw the construction of Line 3 pushed back. Criticism of this delay led finally to the announcement of a new Line 3 construction project by the Chilean government on October 5, 2010. An initial length of track and 18 stations were announced in July 2011, with an extension of 1.7 km announced in May 2012, connecting to an extra station at the Military Hospital. This will provide access to the hospital itself, to Eulogio Sánchez Airport (better known as Tobalaba Airfield), and to the commune of La Reina, and close to Peñalolén.
Line 3 connects with all Santiago Metro lines except for Line 4A. It connects with Line 1 at Universidad de Chile station, with Line 2 and the future Line 7 at Puente Cal y Canto station, with Line 4 at Plaza Egaña station and with Line 5 at Plaza de Armas station and Irarrázaval station. It also connects with Line 6 at Ñuñoa station once Line 3. Its distinctive colour on the network line map is brown.
Three more stations are scheduled to be open in 2023, in the commune of Quilicura on the north; however, the expansion to Hospital Militar in La Reina was again dismissed. On January 22, the president Piñera announced that the Hospital Militar station will be constructed after the Lines 7, 8 and 9, are completed in 2028.
Innovations
Line 3 complies with high security and passenger comfort standards. The new security measures include cameras inside the trains, an overhead (catenary) electric transmission line, auto-drive, doors located on the platform, air conditioning in the trains and connections with suburban trains.
Although Line 3 did not suffer any damage in the October 2019 protests (with the exception of Cardenal Caro, which suffered minor damage), Line 3 was nonetheless closed on the weekend of October 18, 2019, due to security issues. Service on Line 3 was partially resumed on October 23, with full service to all stations being established in 2020.
Communes served by Line 3
Line 3 serves the following Santiago communes from north to east:
Quilicura
Huechuraba (Indirectly)
Conchalí
Independencia
Recoleta (Indirectly)
Santiago
Ñuñoa
La Reina
Stations
Line 3 stations, from west to east, are:
Line 3 data sheet
Terminal Communes:Quilicura – La Reina
Track:
Independencia Avenue: 7 Stations
Bandera Avenue: 2 station
San Diego Avenue: 2 stations
Irarrázaval Avenue: 6 stations
Larraín Avenue: 2 stations
Construction Method:
Underground
Opening Dates:
2019 (Los Libertadores - Fernando Castillo Velasco)
2023 (Los Libertadores - Plaza de Quilicura)
Rolling stock: CAF-Thales AS-2014
See also
List of metro systems
Rail transport in Chile
Transantiago
References
External links
Metro S.A.
UrbanRail.net/Santiago
Santiago Metro Track Map
Tarjeta Bip!
Plan and Authority of Transit of Santiago de Chile, Transantiago
2019 establishments in Chile
Railway lines opened in 2019
Manuel García (born 20 April 1955) is a Spanish biathlete. They competed in the 20 km individual event at the 1984 Winter Olympics.
References
1955 births
Living people
Spanish male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of Spain
Biathletes at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Ourense
Richard Clerke may refer to:
Richard Clarke (priest) or Clerke (died 1634)
Richard Clerke (died 1530), MP for Lincoln
See also
Richard Clerk (disambiguation)
Richard Clarke (disambiguation)
Richard Clark (disambiguation)
Burlingham is an unincorporated community in northern Bedford Township, Meigs County, Ohio, United States named for the area's first postmaster. Burlingham allegedly received the nickname of "Bungtown" in the late 1800 when the local women became upset with their husbands for spending too much time at the local saloon and knocked all of the bungs out of the whiskey barrels. The escaping liquor was then used to burn down the saloon.
Burlingham's nickname lends its name to the Bungtown Salsa Company, which is located in nearby Shade, Ohio. The structure fire also gets recognition in the company's Fatalii Saloon Burner hot sauce.
References
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
Geography of Meigs County, Ohio
This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Caswell County, North Carolina. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view an online map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.
Current listings
|}
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in North Carolina
List of National Historic Landmarks in North Carolina
References
Caswell County
Von Olfers is a surname, and refers to the following people:
Hedwig von Olfers, child of Ignaz von Olfers and spouse of Heinrich Abeken
Ignaz von Olfers (1793–1871), German naturalist, historian, and diplomat
Marie von Olfers (1826–1924), German writer, illustrator, and salonnière
Sibylle von Olfers (1881–1916), German art teacher, nun, author, and illustrator
See also
Steve Olfers (b. 1982), Dutch former footballer
The following table compares some characteristics of some subtitle editing software.
See also
Subtitle (captioning)
Subtitle editor
References
Film production software
Subtitling
Software comparisons
Mishka NYC is a streetwear company and record label currently headquartered in Los Angeles, California. It was established in 2003 by Mikhail Bortnik and Greg Rivera in Brooklyn, New York. Featuring bright colors and grotesque but playful cartoon imagery, the brand designs T-shirts, hats, sweaters, and accessories. Mishka NYC's most notable design is the "Keep Watch" eyeball and the "Bearmop" logo, a cartoon bear.
References
External links
Clothing companies of the United States
Companies based in New York City
American record labels
'Mangat Mangat is a town in mandibahauddin District Delhi
Mangat, Pakistan, a town in Mandi Bahauddin District
Mangat clan, a Jatt clan
Mangat Singh, A great Designer
mangat ( pronounced as माँगट) is a village in Punjab (near ludhiana);
mangat, also a jatt clan in punjab.
Julio Peña (18 June 1912 - 27 July 1972) was a Spanish actor. They appeared in more than one hundred films from 1930 to 1972. They died on July 27, 1972 aged 60 at Cortijo Blanco in Marbella, where they were resting after appearing in the film Horror Express.
Filmography
References
External links
1912 births
1972 deaths
Spanish male film actors
Philippe Cataldo (born August 24, 1954 in Bône in Algeria) is a French singer and composer.  They are best known for their 1986 hit single "Les Divas du dancing", which deals with the suave swingers of tropical nights and which reached number 8 in the French charts that year. Cataldo themselves composed the music for the song, but the lyrics were by musician and translator Jean Schultheis.
Cataldo returned to the stage briefly for a concert tour called RFM Party 80, which celebrated the hits and artists of the eighties.
Singles
1983: "J'aurai l'air de quoi"
1984: "Laisse-là"
1986: "Les Divas du dancing" – No. 8 in France, Silver disc
1989: "Ne t'en fais pas"
References
External links
Philippe Cataldo on Last.fm
Philippe Cataldo sur FanMusik.com
1954 births
Living people
People from Annaba
French male singers
French pop singers
2018 ACC Tournament may refer to:
2018 ACC men's basketball tournament
2018 ACC women's basketball tournament
2018 ACC Men's Soccer Tournament
2018 ACC Women's Soccer Tournament
2018 Atlantic Coast Conference Baseball Tournament
2018 Atlantic Coast Conference Softball Tournament
Balatonboglár is a resort town situated on the south shore of Lake Balaton in Somogy County, Hungary. It is the official centre of the Balatonboglár wine region, and is often called the "town of grapes and wine."
Between 1979 and 1991 Balatonboglár formed a single settlement together with Balatonlelle under the name Boglárlelle.
History
The region has been populated for more than six thousand years. The area was first documented in 1211. The first bathing association was established in 1904, and Balatonboglár was declared a medicinal bath in 1912. Balatonboglár and Balatonlelle were unified as Boglárlelle from 1979 until October 1, 1991.
The Xantus look-out tower, the symbol of the city, resides on top of a hill and is well lit at night. It is named for John Xantus de Vesey.
Main sights
Statue of Pál Teleki
The city is host to a statue honoring a controversial figure in Hungarian history, Pál Teleki, who was twice prime minister of Hungary. Teleki was regarded by some as a flawed hero and they remained a controversial person long after their death. This was reflected in a public dispute covered in the Hungarian media during early 2004 over a statue of him, marking the 63rd anniversary of their death. The statue by Sculptor Tibor Rieger was originally to be installed opposite the President's official residence in Budapest. However, the Minister of Culture István Hiller, following pressure from the Wiesenthal Center, canceled these plans. On 5 April 2004, the statue was finally placed in the courtyard of the Catholic Church in Balatonboglár. Balatonboglar had during World War II been host to thousands of Polish refugees who opened in that town one of only two secondary schools for Poles in Europe during 1939-1944. They credited Teleki with opening Hungary's borders to them and named a street in Warsaw for them after the war ended.
Gallery
See also
List of places in Hungary whose names were changed
References
External links
Balatonboglar.hu
Balatonboglár at visit-hungary.com
Street map
Balatonboglár at funiq.hu
Populated places in Somogy County
History of Somogy
OTCD may refer to:
Ornithine transcarbamylase deficiency
Over-the-counter data
Over-the-counter derivative, see over-the-counter (finance)
Over-the-counter drug
TBD may refer to:
Arts and media
TBD (TV network), an American broadcast television network for millenials
TBD TV (now WJLA 24/7 News), a local cable news channel for Washington, D.C.
TBD Records, an American record label
TBD.com, a defunct news website for Washington, D.C.
"T.B.D.", a song by Live from Throwing Copper
Military
Douglas TBD Devastator, a WWII torpedo aircraft
Torpedo boat destroyer, the forerunner to the modern naval destroyer
Track-before-detect, a radar detection method
Other uses
To be determined, or "to be decided" or "to be declared".
Triazabicyclodecene, a chemical compound
Three Bridges railway station, Sussex, England (by GBR code)
Timbiqui Airport, Cauca, Colombia (by IATA code)
See also
TBA (disambiguation)
Maratón La Guadalupe de Ponce (English: La Guadalupe Ponce Marathon" or, sometimes. "Ponce Marathon"), is a long-distance running event held every year in Ponce, Puerto Rico. Established in 1970, it is the only Olympic marathon held in Puerto Rico.
The race has a length of and takes place on a Sunday during the month of December. It starts at 5AM, and runs from the intersection of PR-12 and PR-14 to Parque de Bombas. It is managed by Secretaría de Recreación y Deportes (Secretariat of Recreation and Sports) of the municipality of Ponce.
The 40th edition of the marathon in 2010 was attended by over 10,000 people. Some 150 athletes participate in the event each year. In 2010, the event received an award from the Federación de Atletismo de Puerto Rico (Puerto Rico Athletic Federation) as the best athletic running event in Puerto Rico; it had attained a perfect 100-point score in all evaluation areas.
Overview
In addition to being the only one of the international marathons run over the distance of 42.195 kilometers and the national marathon of Puerto Rico, the marathon is the qualifying race for the Central American and Caribbean Games.
In addition to medals, Marathon organizers award cash prizes to winners, in both men and women categories, exceeding USD$30K. First place winners receive a $2,000 cash prize. The next five follow-up winners receive $1,000, $500, $400, $200 and $80 respectively. The Marathon also awards prizes to winners, both men and women, in these nine age categories: 20–24, 25–29, 30–34, 35–39, 40–44, 45–49, 50–54, 55–59 and 60+. First, second and third place winners in each of these categories receive $80, $50 and $25 prizes, respectively. Unlike other marathons, registration for La Guadalupe is free; registration generally takes place the day before the event (Saturday) at Parque de Bombas. The $2,000 cash prize is the highest cash prize paid out for any running event in Puerto Rico.
Route
The race starts at 5:00 am at PR-12 (Avenida Santiago de los Caballeros) at the intersection with PR-14 (Avenida Tito Castro/Avenida Betances) and heads south towards La Guancha. It makes 3 round trips on Avenida Santiago de los Caballeros and, on the fourth round, it then detours onto Avenida Las Americas (PR-163) heading west towards PR-123 (Avenida Hostos). At Avenida Hostos it turns right onto Calle Marina and heads north towards Plaza Las Delicias. The finish line will be at Calle Marina intersection with Calle Cristina, that is, right in front of Parque de Bombas in downtown Ponce. The race coincides with the Fiestas patronales de Ponce celebration. The 50th edition (2021) introduced a new route.
Results
1982 (12th edition)
1983 (13th edition)
The event took place on 11 December.
1985 (15th edition)
1986 (16th edition)
1988 (18th edition)
1991 (21st edition)
1992 (22nd edition)
1993 (23rd edition)
The event was cancelled due to the Puerto Rico 1993 Central American and Caribbean Games celebrated this year in Ponce.
1994 (24th edition)
2002 (32nd edition)
2003 (33rd edition)
2004 (34th edition)
2006 (36th edition)
The event took place on 10 December.
2007 (37th edition)
Prior to this year the marathon was essentially a man's-only event. Women could run it but they were not awarded prizes. Starting with the 2007 marathon, women runners were officially registered as competing runners and awarded prizes the same as men.
2008 (38th edition)
The event took place on 14 December.
2009 (39th edition)
The event, which ordinarily takes place on a Sunday, this year took place on a Saturday (12 December). The goal was to have it coincide with Las Mañanitas to maximize the attendance to the Marathon. This year there was also a change to the route of the event.
2010 (40th edition)
The event took place on 12 December.
2011 (41st edition)
The event took place on Sunday 11 December.
2012 (42nd edition)
The event took place on 9 December.
2013 (43rd edition)
The event took place on Sunday 8 December.
2015 (45rd edition)
The event took place on Sunday 8 December.
2017 (47th edition)
The event was cancelled due to the 20 September Hurricane Maria. The event was scheduled for 10 December 2017.
2018 (48th edition)
The event took place on Sunday 9 December.
5K Run
2019 (49th edition)
The event took place on Sunday 15 December.
5K Run
2020
Did not take place due to the Covid-19 pandemic.
2021 (50th edition)
The event took place on Sunday, 12 December. Beverly Ramos Morales set a new record in the women's division.
Notes
Footnotes
References
External links
A personal reflection of a 2015 Ponce Maratón de la Guadalupe runner/winner
10 Characteristics of Running Events in Puerto Rico
2018 Maraton De La Guadalupe
Mia Lind-Correa's personal reflection at Maraton De La Guadalupe
Recurring sporting events established in 1970
1970 establishments in Puerto Rico
December sporting events
Sports in Ponce, Puerto Rico
Sports events in Ponce, Puerto Rico
Athletics in Puerto Rico
Annual events in Puerto Rico
Entertainment events in Puerto Rico
The Do Book Company is an independent publishing house based in London, England. They publish books by speakers from the Do Lectures and are represented by Publishers Group UK.
History
The Do Book Company was founded in May 2013 by Miranda West, their offices are based in Shoreditch, London. They are partnered with Do Lectures and publish authors who have spoken at the event. Since founding they have published five books, and have successfully crowdfunded Do Purpose by David Hieatt, through Unbound.
References
External links
The Do Book Company Website
The Do Book Company Blog
The Do Book Company Twitter
Book publishing companies of the United Kingdom
Small press publishing companies
Book publishing companies based in London
Publishing companies established in 2013
Publishing companies based in London
British companies established in 2013
Stefano Pellini (born 6 August 1997) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for A.S.D. Varesina. Pellini made their professional debut during the 2016–17 Lega Pro season, for Tuttocuoio.
Early career
Pellini was born in the Lombard town of Cittiglio, and began their career in the youth teams of Legnano, Pro Patria and Varese. In 2011, they signed an amateur contract with Italian giants Juventus at the age of thirteen. Pellini progressed through the youth teams, eventually moving from the under-17 team to the under-19 team in 2014. They soon became a regular feature in the Primavera side under coach Fabio Grosso, playing in the Campionato Nazionale Primavera and Coppa Italia Primavera.
Tuttocuoio
In June 2016, Pellini was loaned to Lega Pro side Tuttocuoio for one year. They made their professional debut against Casertana on 31 July 2016, playing 120 minutes (a.e.t.) and scoring in an eventual 3–2 loss. Their league debut came less than a month later, again starting in central midfield and playing the full game in a 2–2 draw away at Prato.
Serie D
On 18 September 2018 they joined San Marino in Serie D.
In August 2019, Pellini joined Milano City.
Eccellenza
In December 2019, Pellini moved to Eccellenza club A.S.D. Varesina.
References
1997 births
People from Cittiglio
Living people
Italian footballers
Association football midfielders
A.C. Tuttocuoio 1957 San Miniato players
A.C. Cuneo 1905 players
San Marino Calcio players
Serie C players
Serie D players
Eccellenza players
Milano City F.C. players
Sportspeople from the Province of Varese
Footballers from Lombardy
Turn and Burn: The F-14 Dogfight Simulator is a modern jet flight simulation developed by Imagineering Inc. and released in 1992 for the Game Boy in Europe and North America. In Europe, the game was released as the Game Boy adaptation of Phantom Air Mission, the European version of Imagineering's previous flight simulator Flight of the Intruder. A sequel, Turn and Burn: No-Fly Zone, was later released for the Super NES.
Gameplay
See also
Top Gun: Guts and Glory
References
External links
Turn and Burn: The F-14 Dogfight Simulator at MobyGames
Phantom Air Mission at Giant Bomb
Turn and Burn: The F-14 Dogfight Simulator at The Game Boy Database
1992 video games
Absolute Entertainment games
Activision games
Imagineering (company) games
Combat flight simulators
Game Boy-only games
Game Boy games
Video games developed in the United States
Tyranny is the debut studio album of the American pop/rock duo Stabilizers, released on Columbia Records in 1986.
Charts
The first single released from the album was “One Simple Thing”, which peaked at #21 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock Tracks chart in 1986 and charted at #93 on the Billboard Hot 100.
Track listing
"All songs written by Dave Christenson & Rich Nevens. 1986 Still Life Music and Warner-Tamerlane Publishing Corp. (BMI)"
Musicians
Stabilizers
Dave Christenson: Lead Vocals
Rich Nevens: Guitars, Keyboards, Keyboard programming, Drum programming, Percussion programming on track 5
Additional musicians
Robbie Buchanan: Keyboards, Keyboard Programming
Casey Young: Keyboard Programming, Keyboard solo on track 4
John "J.R." Robinson: Drums (tracks 3, 5, 6, and 7), Drum overdubs (all other tracks, except 8)
Tom Scott: Saxophone
Nathan East: Bass (track 3)
Neil Stubenhaus: Bass (track 5)
References
Stabilizers albums
1986 debut albums
Columbia Records albums
Penzance RFC formed in 1876, was a rugby union club based in Penzance, Cornwall, England. They amalgamated with Newlyn RFC in 1944 to form Penzance and Newlyn RFC (The Pirates), currently known as the Cornish Pirates.
History
1870–1914
The first recorded rugby match in Penzance is from 1870, played in the grounds of Poltair House, Heamoor and organised by W Borlase of Marlborough School. The Penzance team was mostly public schoolboys, home on holiday, and the opponents the Eastern Telegraph Company based in Porthcurno.
The club, formed in 1876, played for a few seasons, did not flourish and was restarted in 1883, by J B Cornish who acted as secretary, treasurer and captain. The club initially played in claret and blue but soon changed to black and white in varying styles. Fixtures in their first season (1877–78) included Redruth (possibly the first opponents), Hayle and Lelant and the club won all their matches with only one try was scored against them. At the 1878 AGM it was stated that it would be desirable if all the players should wear the same colour jerseys!
Arthur Trounson (full back) was the first player to win a Cornwall cap when picked to play in the first (recorded) match against Devon, at Plymouth on 12 January 1894, which was lost by two goals and three tries. Club captain Cornish was to win the first of their six caps, a year later, in 1885 and captained Cornwall on two occasions in 1886–87 and 1889–90. Success finally came to the club, fourteen years after they were founded, when the Cornwall Rugby Cup was won in two consecutive seasons (1896–97 and 1897–98); the second one unbeaten against Cornish clubs. By now the Cornwall selectors were increasingly picking Penzance players for Cornwall; on one occasion five players playing in the same match. By the Great War, thirty-eight different Penzance RFC players had represented Cornwall winning over two hundred caps between them.
1920–1945
Fixtures between Penzance and Newlyn were hotly contested and sometimes suspended. Between 1929 and 1932 matches between the clubs were cancelled, a big loss of income to both clubs and one they could not afford. In 1930 the club had a deficit of £58 for the season, in 1933 a balance of 1/3d and by 1936 there was a vote on whether Penzance RFC should continue. The club did continue and so did the poor finances and at the 1939 AGM the club had only 17 shillings. Suggestions of an amalgamation with Newlyn were considered premature by that club and the start of the Second World War put an end to club rugby for a few years. In November 1944, after a public meeting, Newlyn RFC agreed to hold talks with Penzance RFC with a view to amalgamation. A subsequent Penzance RFU committee meeting on 21 November agreed to wind up the rugby club; and at a public meeting at the Guildhall on 12 December 1944 it was agreed to start a new club. Penzance-Nelwyn RFC was born.
Honours
Cornwall Senior Rugby Table winners (4): 1896–97, 1897–98, 1898–99, 1903–04
Playing record
Grounds
A number of playing fields were used around Penzance including the field at Trereife (from November 1886), Alexandra Grounds, Coombe Lane (Heamoor), St Just Road (Alverton) - until April 1905, and St Clare from the start of the 1905–06 season. Finally in January 1934 a sub-committee was formed to negotiate with the Borough Council the use of the Mennaye Fields as a rugby ground.
Internationals
Barrie Bennetts
It is considered a great honour to be invited to play for the Barbarians and in 1908 Barrie Bennetts was invited to join the annual tour to South Wales playing against Penarth and Cardiff.
A year later they were capped twice by England and in 1909 selected to join John Raphael's, 1910 Combined British team's tour of Argentina, playing in Argentina's first international test. An injury robbed them of the chance to play in the 1908 Olympics when Cornwall, as County Champions, represented Great Britain in the games.
Combined British Team to Argentina
Barrie B Bennetts
England
Barrie B Bennetts
Cornwall
Fifty-two players from Penzance RFC were picked to represent Cornwall with six of them going on to be captain.
Key: Name in gold indicates the player captained Cornwall on at least one occasion
Other Penzance teams
Abbey School Football Club – played in 1879
Causewayhead United – played in the Town rugby cup
St John's Bible Class – played in 1898
Black Watch (1 drop goal, 2 tries, 10 pts) beat Scarlet Runners (2 tries, 6pts) in the replayed tie of the 1902 Penzance Junior Town Cup.
See also
Newlyn RFC
Cornish Pirates
References
External links
Penzance RFC history
Cornish Pirates home page
Cornish Pirates
Cornish rugby union teams
Rugby clubs established in 1876
Sport in Penzance
1876 establishments in England
Punggol Station is a commonly used name for Punggol MRT/LRT station – a Singapore Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) and Light Rail Transit (LRT) station, on the North East MRT (NEL) and Punggol LRT (PGLRT) lines.
Other stations that contain the name "Punggol" are:
Punggol Point LRT station, an LRT station on the west loop of the PGLRT.
Punggol Coast MRT station, a station under construction on the NEL.
Punggol LRT line.
See also
Punggol
Ramón A. Domínguez (born November 24, 1976 in Caracas, Venezuela) is a retired Eclipse Award-winning champion jockey and Hall of Fame member in American thoroughbred horse racing.
Domínguez began riding horses at age 16 in their native Venezuela in show jumping then turned to riding thoroughbreds in flat racing events at La Rinconada Hippodrome. They emigrated to the United States where they began riding at Florida's Hialeah Park Race Track in 1996.
In 2001 they got their big break by becoming the winningest jockey in the United States. They repeated the feat in 2003, and in 2004 they won the Isaac Murphy Award for having the highest winning percentage among all American-based jockeys.
Domínguez was the regular rider of two-time Eclipse Award-winning turf champion Gio Ponti, whom they have ridden to victories in six Grade One stakes races including Belmont Park's Man o' War Stakes twice, as well as the Arlington A Million, Frank E. Kilroe Mile Handicap and Shadwell Turf Mile Stakes twice. Their first win in the Breeders' Cup came in 2004 when they rode Better Talk Now to victory in the Breeders' Cup Turf. Their second Breeders' Cup victory was the 2011 Juvenile when they rode Hansen to victory in gate-to-wire fashion over Union Rags. Their third and final win in the Breeders' Cup came in 2012, also in the Breeders' Cup Turf, when Little Mike upset the race at 17-1 odds.
Domínguez has won six races in a day on three occasions, most recently on July 22, 2012 when they rode six winners from seven mounts at Saratoga Race Course tying the same day win record by a jockey among all New York tracks.  They are the second jockey in Saratoga's history to win six races on a single race card. They have also won five races in a day on several occasions at Aqueduct Racetrack, most recently on February 17, 2010 when they won the first five races on the card.
In 2012 Dominguez topped the New York Racing Association (NYRA) riding circuit for the fourth straight year with 322 victories, and was also the winner of the George Woolf Memorial Jockey Award, bestowed by their peers for excellent conduct and given by Santa Anita Park. Domínguez is the recipient of the 2010, 2011, and 2012 Eclipse Award for Outstanding Jockey. In 2012 set a new mark for single-season earnings by a jockey, when their mounts brought home $25,582,252 to shatter the 2003 bar of $23,354,960 set by Hall of Famer Jerry Bailey.
On June 13, 2013, Dominguez announced their retirement due to head injuries suffered in a fall at Aqueduct Racetrack on January 18, 2013.
On April 25, 2016, Dominguez's induction into the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame was announced.
Year-end charts
References
External links
Ramon A. Dominguez Official Website
Ramon A. Dominguez at the NTRA
1976 births
American jockeys
American Champion jockeys
Sportspeople from Caracas
Living people
Venezuelan emigrants to the United States
United States Thoroughbred Racing Hall of Fame inductees
Gravis may refer to:
Advanced Gravis Computer Technology, manufacturer of computer peripherals, soundcards and joysticks
Dynamic Sport Gravis, a Polish paraglider design
Gravis, an alien in the Doctor Who is a story Frontios
Myasthenia gravis, a long-term neuromuscular disease
The Saraç Mosque or Kukli Mehmet Bey Mosque is a cultural heritage monument, one of the oldest mosques not only in Prizren but in all of Kosovo.
History
The Kukli Bey Mosque lies near city center in the Saraçhane Quarter, historically known for the tanning and gristmill trades. The mosque is located near the Halveti Teqe and the Gazi Mehmet Pasha Hammam (Turkish bath). In 1531, it was built by Mehmet Kukli Bey, then governor of a region stretching from Thessalonica to Bosnia. The southwestern-facing porch was demolished in 1963 during road widening. 1977 and 1994 renovations plastered the interior walls and removed the murals, while the stone roof was replaced with clay tile; more renovations were done from 2000 to 2003. In 2008, the porch was rebuilt, but the interior burned in an electrical fire in 2009.
Description
The mosque is a 9 x 9 m square built from stone mortared with lime. An externally hexagonal roof originally built from stone slabs is layered above an octagonal interior dome underneath. The façade plaster shows clearly the masonry structure, in which irregular river stones are bound by lime mortar. Wooden hatches connecting the façade to the central structure are also visible, as is an entry door on the southwestern side. The door is wooden with a semi-arched frame of carved stone, and a nearby sign identifies the mihrab. In the southern corner, close to the door, is the hexagonal-based stone minaret, a rounded structure topped by a conical kylah or dome on top of the şerefe or balcony, the latter covered in rich geometric ornamentation.
References
Mosques in Prizren
Ottoman mosques in Kosovo
Monuments and memorials in Kosovo
Echium albicans, commonly known as white-leaved bugloss, is a species of purple coloured perennial plants from family Boraginaceae, found in Andalucían mountains and in Marbella.
References
albicans
Endemic flora of Spain
Endemic flora of the Iberian Peninsula
Terence M. Eastwood (born 1943) is best known for their pioneering roles in archival education internationally and the creation of archival descriptive standards in Canada. They have published widely on a number of topics of importance to the development of archival theory and has lectured and presented throughout the world. Their work supervising archival studies students helped craft a whole new generation of archivists who themselves have gone on to make important contributions to the field.
Education and career
Terry Eastwood received a Bachelor of Arts (BA) in History and French from the University of Alberta in 1965. They followed their BA with a Diploma in Education in Secondary studies from the University of Victoria in 1972 and a Master of Arts in History from the University of Alberta in 1977. Eastwood taught at a number of schools, including Taihape College in Taihape, New Zealand in 1966 and several secondary schools in British Columbia from 1967 to 1973. In 1973 they left the world of secondary education to become an archivist working in the Manuscripts and Government Records Division at the Provincial Archives of British Columbia. They also served as the secretary of the Public Documents Committee. They remained at the Provincial Archives until 1981 and then made a move that would prove pivotal to both their career and the development of graduate archival education in Canada and the world by starting the first autonomous archival studies program in North America at the University of British Columbia (UBC).
Eastwood was appointed Assistant Professor of Archival Studies at UBC from 1981 to 1986, becoming Associate Professor in 1986. They served as Chair of the program from 1981 to 2000. Their teaching specialties include: the juridical context of archives (the various laws affecting generation, maintenance, use, and disposition of archives, and the role of archives in democratic accountability); arrangement and description of archives; appraisal of archives, including appraisal of electronic records; the history and development of archival institutions and the archival profession; and public services and programs of archival institutions. They have supervised 73 graduate students to date. They also served as a co-investigator in the InterPARES Project from 1999–2006.
In addition to their principal duties as Chair of the Archival Studies program at UBC, Eastwood has also taught at a number of institutions and provided a variety of educational opportunities, such as the Western Archives Institute at Salt Lake City in Utah in 2001 and the University of California at Berkeley in 2009, a course on description for the Association of Brazilian Archivists in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, in 2008, a pre-congress seminar on Records Disposition at the International Congress on Archives in Montreal, Quebec, in 1992 and one on Arrangement and Description of Archives in Koblenz, Germany, in 1990. From 1996 to 1999 they were a guest professor at the Division of Communications and Humanities, Mid Sweden University (Mittuniversitetet), in Härnösand, Sweden.
Professional activities
Eastwood participated in the formation of the Association of British Columbia Archivists, serving as its first Secretary-Treasurer from 1974–1976, the editor of the Association's first five newsletters, and its President from 1976–1977. On the national scene, Eastwood was General Editor of Archivaria, the scholarly journal of the Association of Canadian Archivists, from 1981 to 1982, as well as Vice-President (1977–1978) and President (1978–1979) of the association. They consulted on archival education at the University of Melbourne, Faculty of Arts, and the University of Western Australia, Department of History, in 1989 during a tour of Australia sponsored by the Australian Society of Archivists. They acted as Co-chair of the Working Group on Archival Descriptive Standards of the Bureau of Canadian Archivists from 1984–1986. The Working Group was funded by the Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council of Canada to study and report on the development of standards for the description and indexing of archival material to improve scholarly access. Eastwood was also a member of the Planning Committee on Descriptive Standards of the Bureau of Canadian Archivists from 1991-1996. The Committee was responsible for producing the Rules for Archival Description, finalized in 1996, which constitute a bilingual national standard in Canada.
Awards and distinctions
Eastwood was made a Fellow of the Society of American Archivists in 1990 and the Association of Canadian Archivists in 2007. They were presented with a Twenty-years Service Award from the Archives Association of British Columbia in 1993, and made an Honorary Member of the association in 2007.
Significance and legacy
The masters of archival studies offered at the University of British Columbia in 1981 was the first program dedicated to the study of archival science in North America. Eastwood, as the first professor and later chair of the program, developed an appropriate curriculum, obtained the support of the Canadian and international archival profession, trained and mentored hundreds of students and lectured and wrote widely on the topic of the necessity for archival education. The latter was a particularly vigorous fight; many archivists who had library or history degrees and who had on-the-job training opposed the increased emphasis on dedicated masters level archival education.
The report Towards Descriptive Standards: Report and Recommendations of the Canadian Working Group on Archival Descriptive Standards, which Eastwood co-edited with Jean Dryden in 1985, is a classic text, required reading for anyone interested in the development of standards in Canada. As a member of the Planning Committee on Descriptive Standards Eastwood contributed to a work of collaborative intellectual effort, and the product of the committee, the Rules for Archival Description, has made a significant impact on the archival profession nationally and internationally and on institutional practice in Canada and elsewhere.
Through their writings, consultations, and international teaching, Eastwood advocated for the improvement of the development of archival education in universities the world over.
To date Eastwood has published over 50 articles on arrangement and description, appraisal, archives and accountability, the history of archival institutions and other subjects in a wide variety of journals and written and edited a number of seminal books on archival theory and practice. These have contributed substantially to the development of archival science.
Notes
Selected bibliography
"Archives, Democratic Accountability, and Truth,” Cheryl Avery and Mona Holmlund, eds. Better off Forgetting? Essays on Archives, Public Policy, and Collective Memory. University of Toronto Press, 2010.
“A Contested Realm: the Nature of Archives and the Orientation of Archival Science,'” in Currents of Archival Thinking, edited by Heather MacNeil and Terry Eastwood, Westport, CT: Libraries Unlimited, 2009.
“Recent Trends in the Description of Archives in Canada,” In The Power and Passion of Archives: A Festshrift in Honour of Kent Haworth. Marion Beyea, Reuben Ware, and Cheryl Avery, eds. Saskatoon: Association of Canadian Archivists, 2005, 225-35.
“Choosing to Preserve: The Selection of Electronic Records.” Part Two in The Long-Term Preservation of Authentic Electronic Records: Findings of the InterPARES Project. Luciana Duranti, ed. San Miniato, Italy: Archilab, 2005, 67–98.
“Introduction to the 2003 Reissue.” In Selected Writings of Sir Hilary Jenkinson. Roger H. Ellis and Peter Walne eds., with a new introduction by Terence M. Eastwood. Chicago: The Society of American Archivists, 2003, vii – xx.
Luciana Duranti, Terry Eastwood, and Heather MacNeil. Preservation of the Integrity of Electronic Records. Dordrecht: Kluwer Academic Publishers, 2002.
“Archival Research: The University of British Columbia Experience.” American Archivist. 63 (Spring 2000): 243–57.
“How Goes it with Appraisal?” Archivaria. 36 (Autumn 1993): 111–121.
“Reflections on the Development of Archives in Canada and Australia.” In Archival Documents: Providing Accountability Through Recordkeeping, Sue McKemmish and Frank Upward, eds. Melbourne: Ancora Press, 1993, 27-39.
“Unity and Diversity in the Development of Archival Science in North America.” In Studi sull'Archivistica, Elio Lodolini, ed. Rome: Bulzoni Editore, 1992, 87-100.
“Towards a Social Theory of Appraisal.” In The Archival Imagination: Essays in Honour of Hugh A. Taylor, Barbara L. Craig, ed. Ottawa: Association of Canadian Archivists, 1992, 71-89.
Eastwood, Terry, ed. The Archival Fonds: From Theory to Practice/Le Fonds d'archives: de la théorie à la pratique. Ottawa: Bureau of Canadian Archivists, 1992. Contains general introduction by the editor, pp. 1–29. .
“Going Nowhere in Particular: The Association of Canadian Archivists Ten Years After its Founding.” Archivaria. 21 (Winter 1985-86): 186–190.
Eastwood Terry and Jean Dryden, eds. Toward Descriptive Standards: Report and Recommendations of the Canadian Working Group on Archival Descriptive Standards. Ottawa: Bureau of Canadian Archivists, (1985).
“Cooperating to Create the Basis for Archival Information Exchange in Canada.” In Planning for Canadian Archives, Marion Beyea and Marcel Caya, eds. Ottawa: Bureau of Canadian Archivists, 1983, 102-119.
Living people
1943 births
Canadian archivists
University of British Columbia faculty
Mid Sweden University faculty
University of Alberta alumni
University of Victoria alumni
Presidents of the Association of Canadian Archivists
Michael Dwain DeJean (; born September 28, 1970) is a former right-handed relief pitcher in Major League Baseball.
Career
DeJean played shortstop during their college career at Mississippi Delta Community College and Livingston University. In , while playing for Livingston in the Division II College World Series, DeJean pitched to two batters, retiring both. They were selected in the 24th round of the 1992 amateur draft by the New York Yankees and signed to a professional contract as a pitcher.
The Yankees traded DeJean to the Colorado Rockies for Joe Girardi after the 1995 season. They made their major league debut on May 2, , pitching a scoreless inning in relief against the Philadelphia Phillies. DeJean achieved modest success as a closer for the Milwaukee Brewers in and , but struggled mightily during brief tenures with the St. Louis Cardinals and Baltimore Orioles. They were named National League Player of the Week for May 26 through June 1, . They were traded to the New York Mets during the 2004 season, but was released in June . With the Mets, DeJean posted 3-1 record and 6.31 ERA. In July 2005, DeJean signed with the Rockies, re-joining the team that they began their career with in 1997. With the Rockies, DeJean posted 2-3 record and 3.19 ERA in 38 games, all in relief.
On October 27, 2005, the Rockies announced they signed DeJean to a one-year contract, guaranteeing them $1.3 million ($1.15 million in base salary and $150,000 on a mutual option of $1.5 million salary in ). They appeared in 20 games for AAA Colorado Springs Sky Sox on an injury rehab assignment, but was released before making an appearance with the major league club. After signing a minor league contract with the Houston Astros during the 2007-2008 off-season, Dejean was released before appearing in a game.
DeJean is married with two children and resides in West Monroe, Louisiana.
References
External links
1970 births
Living people
Albany-Colonie Yankees players
American expatriate baseball players in Mexico
Baltimore Orioles players
Baseball players from Baton Rouge, Louisiana
Colorado Rockies players
Colorado Springs Sky Sox players
Greensboro Hornets players
Guerreros de Oaxaca players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Mexican League baseball pitchers
Milwaukee Brewers players
Mississippi Delta Trojans baseball players
New Haven Ravens players
New York Mets players
Norwich Navigators players
Oneonta Yankees players
St. Louis Cardinals players
Tampa Yankees players
Tulsa Drillers players
Lethe vindhya, the black forester, is a species of Satyrinae butterfly found in India and Indochina.
References
vindhaya
Butterflies of Asia
Butterflies of Indochina
Butterflies described in 1859
Events in the year 2021 in Cameroon.
Incumbents
President: Paul Biya
Prime Minister: Joseph Ngute
Events
Ongoing — COVID-19 pandemic in Cameroon
1 January – The United States Senate passes a strong resolution calling for a mediated solution to the armed conflict and independence movement of Ambazonia.
16 January–7 February — 2020 African Nations Championship, hosted by Cameroon – originally scheduled in 2020 but postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
18–24 February —Football at the 2020 Summer Olympics – Women's qualification (CAF–CONMEBOL play-off), Cameroon 1 vs. Chile 2.
27 January – Fifty-three people are killed and 21 injured in a collision and fire between a bus and a truck in Santchou, West Region.
8 March – Maximilienne C. Ngo Mbe, human rights activist, is awarded the International Women of Courage Award.
Sports
March 30 – Francis Ngannou wins the UFC heavyweight title.
Culture
June 12 – Four films made in Cameroon are now available for streaming on Netflix in the United States. The Fisherman's Diary has won numerous awards and was pre-selected for the 2021 Academy Awards.
Deaths
February 3 – Norbert Owona, 70, footballer (Union Douala, national team).
February 21 – Bernard Njonga, 65, activist and politician.
February 27 – Pascal Monkam, 90, business person.
April 2 – Christian Wiyghan Tumi, 90, Roman Catholic cardinal.
April 9
Gervais Mendo Ze, 76, linguist and academic.
Rabiatou Njoya, 75, writer and Bamun advisor.
Martin Aristide Okouda, 69, politician.
April 10
Guillaume Oyônô Mbia, 82, writer.
Victor Mukete, 102, politician and traditional chief, senator (since 1959).
See also
COVID-19 pandemic in Africa
African Continental Free Trade Area
2019 Ambazonian leadership crisis
References
External links
World Report 2021: Cameroon
2020s in Cameroon
Years of the 21st century in Cameroon
Cameroon
Cameroon
S. orientalis may refer to:
Sarda orientalis, the striped bonito, a marine fish species found through the Eastern and Indo-Pacific
Serapias orientalis, an orchid species found from the east-central and eastern Mediterranean to the western Transcaucasus
Serrata orientalis, a sea snail species
Shenzhousaurus orientalis, a basal ornithomimosaur species from the Lower Cretaceous of China
Sinhalestes orientalis, a damselfly species endemic to Sri Lanka
Stalpersia orientalis, a mushroom species
Stigmella orientalis, a moth species found only on Kyushu, Japan
Streptomyces orientalis, a bacterium species
Synodus orientalis, a lizardfish species found mainly in the Northwest Pacific
Synonyms
Securigera orientalis, a synonym for Coronilla iberica, an ornamental plant species
Steiracrangon orientalis, a synonym for Crangon crangon, a commercially important shrimp species found mainly in the southern North Sea, although also found in the Irish Sea, Baltic Sea, Mediterranean Sea and Black Sea, as well as off much of Scandinavia and parts of Morocco's Atlantic coast
Strix orientalis, a synonym for Strix seloputo, the spotted wood-owl, an owl species found in many regions surrounding Borneo, but not on that island itself
See also
Orientalis (disambiguation)
Robertas Javtokas (born March 20, 1980) is a Lithuanian professional basketball executive and former player. They most recently served as sports director of Žalgiris Kaunas. Standing at , they played the center position. They have been a member of the senior men's Lithuanian national team since 2004. In the 2001 NBA draft, they were selected by the San Antonio Spurs with the 55th overall pick.
Player profile
Javtokas had very good athletic ability when they were young, with long arms and good coordination. As a young player, they were a good jumper, who had a 40-inch vertical leap and they could easily dunk in traffic. They still have to work on their offensive technique and to improve their free-throw shooting. As a young player, they were good at running the floor and making plays on the perimeter, with their good athletic ability, nice size, and good leaping ability.  They are a good rebounder, and a good defender as well. They once set a world record, by dunking on a 12-foot-high basket.
Professional career
Europe
In 2000, Javtokas joined Lietuvos rytas and quickly became the best center in the Lithuanian League. Javtokas, playing alongside Ramūnas Šiškauskas, Arvydas Macijauskas, Simas Jasaitis and Rimantas Kaukėnas won the 2002 Lithuanian League championship and also the North European League championship. After the motorcycle crash, Javtokas missed the entire 2003 season and came back in 2004. In 2005, they won the EuroCup championship and they were named the EuroCup Finals MVP.
In 2006, with their help, Rytas made a strong debut in the EuroLeague, and also beat their main rival Žalgiris 4–0 in Lithuanian league finals series. The team also won the Baltic League Championship. After the season, Javtokas was disappointed that Rytas was not able to offer them a bigger pare of money and also was returning to the EuroCup instead of the EuroLeague, so they decided to play in another club.
They joined Panathinaikos for the 2006–07 season and with them they won the Greek League championship, the Greek Cup title, and the EuroLeague championship (thus winning the coveted Basketball Triple Crown), although they played very limited minutes all season. On July 24, 2007, they signed a two-year contract with Dynamo Moscow of the Russian Super League A. In Dynamo, they improved their free throw percentage from 35.5 to 54.5 percent, and they improved in scoring average to 12.2 points per game. In 2009, they joined the Russian club Khimki Moscow Region. On July 15, 2010 they signed a two-year contract with the Spanish club Power Electronics Valencia.
In June 2011, they returned to Lithuania, and signed a three-year contract with the pro club Žalgiris, of the Lithuanian LKL. Their contract was renewed in 2015. On June 20, 2012, Robertas Javtokas was named as one of the best EuroCup players of all time. They took 4th place out of 10. In 2015 their contract was extended for one more year. In 2016 their contract was further extended with Žalgiris.
On June 8, 2017, Javtokas announced their retirement from playing professional basketball. On June 9, 2017, they played their last game as a professional player.
NBA draft rights
Javtokas was selected by the San Antonio Spurs, with 55th overall pick in the 2001 NBA draft. The San Antonio Spurs retained their NBA draft rights for 16 years until 2017 when Javtokas announced their retirement from playing professional basketball. Javtokas is 1 of 8 players selected in the 2001 NBA Draft that ended up never playing a game in the league.
National team career
Javtokas debuted with the senior men's Lithuanian national team at the 2004 Summer Olympics. They averaged 8.9 points, 4.4 rebounds, and 0.5 assists per game. At the EuroBasket 2005, they played in six games with the Lithuanian men's national basketball team. During the tournament, they averaged 11.0 points, 5.8 rebounds, and 1.5 assists per game. Their 2-point field goal percentage was 61.7 percent, and their free-throw percentage was 47.1 percent.
They also played with Lithuania at the 2010 FIBA World Championship, where they won a bronze medal.
EuroLeague career statistics
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2005–06
| style="text-align:left;"|Lietuvos Rytas
| 20 || 20 || 28.8 || .521 || .125 || .417 || 8.2 || .9 || 1.0 || 2.0 || 9.6 || 13.9
|-
| style="text-align:left; background:#AFE6BA;"|2006–07
| style="text-align:left;"|Panathinaikos
| 19 || 3 || 8.8 || .613 || || .355 || 1.6 || .1 || .3 || .5 || 2.6 || 2.5
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2009–10
| style="text-align:left;"|Khimki
| 16 || 13 || 25.7 || .591 || .000 || .457 || 6.4 || .4 || .2 || 1.2 || 10.1 || 12.3
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2010–11
| style="text-align:left;"|Valencia
| 21 || 20 || 24.7 || .574 || .500 || .414 || 5.3 || .7 || .6 || .7 || 8.2 || 9.1
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2011–12
| style="text-align:left;" rowspan="6"|Žalgiris
| 16 || 14 || 23.4 || .489 || .000 || .421 || 5.2 || .5 || .2 || .7 || 6.3 || 6.8
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2012–13
| 8 || 4 || 15.0 || .542 || .500 || .714 || 2.9 || .6 || .1 || .4 || 4.0 || 5.4
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2013–14
| 23 || 23 || 24.8 || .625 || .273 || .750 || 5.3 || 1.4 || .5 || 1.1 || 9.7 || 12.7
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2014–15
| 23 || 19 || 23.2 || .451 || .000 || .667 || 4.3 || 1.1 || .4 || .8 || 5.7 || 6.9
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2015–16
| 9 || 0 || 16.4 || .645 || .000 || .444 || 3.7 || .0 || .3 || .4 || 4.9 || 5.9
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2016–17
| 17 || 5 || 7.2 || .607 || || .625 || 1.4 || .2 || .1 || .0 || 2.3 || 1.9
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" rowspan="2"|Career
| 155 || 56 || 24.1 || .565 || .194 || .484 || 4.9 || .7 || .4 || .9 || 7.1 || 9.0
Post-playing career
Following their retirement from playing professional basketball, in 2017, Javtokas expressed their wish to not digress from the sport of basketball, and they were invited by Žalgiris Kaunas, to become the sports director of the club. On July 1, 2021, Javtokas left Žalgiris Kaunas in order to participate in the election of the president of the Lithuanian Basketball Federation.
Awards and achievements
Club titles
9× Lithuanian League Champion: 2000, 2002, 2006, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017
North European League Champion: 2002
ULEB Cup (EuroCup) Champion: 2005
Baltic League Champion: 2006
Greek Cup Winner: 2007
EuroLeague Champion: 2007
Greek League Champion: 2007
Triple Crown Winner: 2007
Lithuanian senior national team
EuroBasket 2007:
2010 FIBA World Championship:
EuroBasket 2013:
Personal awards
3× Lithuanian League All-Star Game: 2001, 2002, 2006
Lithuanian League Rookie of the Year: 2001
Lithuanian All-Star Game MVP: 2002
EuroCup Finals MVP: 2005
Led the Lithuanian League in blocked shots: 2006
Led the Baltic League in blocked shots: 2006
2× Lithuanian League Slam Dunk Champion: 2000, 2001
Personal life
Javtokas attended to St. Vincent – St. Mary High School in Akron, Ohio, the same secondary school that LeBron James went to growing up. Javtokas also attended Bishop McGuinness High School in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, for one year of high school during the 1997–1998 school year. Their older brother Artūras Javtokas is a former basketball player.
Motorcycle crash
On May 1, 2002, while driving their Honda CBR1100XX motorcycle at a speed of around 200 kilometers per hour (125 miles per hour) towards Vilnius, they had a serious accident. Approaching a side road, Javtokas started to pass a van, but the van driver did not see the motorcycle and turned left. There was no chance for Javtokas to stop and they hit the van, losing control but not the bike, which crashed into a car in the opposite lane. Javtokas flew dozens of meters and landed in bushes off the road, crushing their thighbone, breaking their shoulder, and injuring their knee and kidneys. They returned to basketball for the 2003–04 season.
References
External links
Robertas Javtokas at acb.com
Robertas Javtokas at archive.fiba.com
Robertas Javtokas at eurobasket.com
Robertas Javtokas at euroleague.net
Robertas Javtokas at fibaeurope.com
1980 births
Living people
2006 FIBA World Championship players
2010 FIBA World Championship players
Arizona Wildcats men's basketball players
Basketball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 2016 Summer Olympics
BC Dynamo Moscow players
BC Khimki players
BC Rytas players
BC Žalgiris players
Centers (basketball)
Greek Basket League players
Liga ACB players
Lithuanian expatriate basketball people in Greece
Lithuanian expatriate basketball people in Russia
Lithuanian expatriate basketball people in Spain
Lithuanian expatriate basketball people in the United States
Lithuanian men's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Lithuania
Panathinaikos B.C. players
Sportspeople from Šiauliai
San Antonio Spurs draft picks
Valencia Basket players
Sanctuary of Our Lady of the Holy Fountain (Spanish: Santuario de Nuestra Señora de la Fuensanta) is a Baroque-style, Roman Catholic church in the pedanía of Algezares, part of the city of Murcia, in the region of Murcia, Spain.
History
A church at the site began in 1694. The facade was completed in 1705 designed by Toribio Martínez de la Vega. The facade had reliefs and sculptures designed by Jaime Bort, and completed by José Balaguer.
The first retablo in the church was completed by the 17th-century and carved by Antonio Dupar, however, this was destroyed during the Spanish Civil War of 1936. The present retablo is a 10th-century work by Antonio Carrión Valverde and Nicolás Prados López.
During the civil War the church suffered the destruction of its interior which in the half of the 20th century its restoration was completed. The title of the sanctuary corresponds to the Diocese of Cartagena, being declared Bien de Interés Cultural.
See also
Catholic Church in Spain
References
Roman Catholic churches in Murcia
Baroque architecture in Murcia
17th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Spain
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1705
Kickapoo Township is a township in Platte County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.
References
Townships in Missouri
Townships in Platte County, Missouri
Don "Monk" Meineke (October 30, 1930 – September 3, 2013) was an American professional basketball player.
Meineke averaged 20.6 points as a junior for the Dayton Flyers, carrying the team to an NIT runner-up finish in 1951. They averaged 21.1 points per game as a senior and led the team to another second-place finish in the NIT in 1952. Meineke was an AP second-team All-American selection after their senior year.
Meineke received the National Basketball Association's first Rookie of the Year Award after the 1952–53 NBA season while playing for the Fort Wayne Pistons. Meineke led the league in personal fouls and disqualifications the same season. The 26 disqualifications they had in their first year is still the NBA single-season record. Their 334 personal fouls in only 68 games gave them an average of more than 4.9 fouls per game.
Meineke played for the Rochester Royals in the 1955–56 season, and after sitting out the 1956–57 season, rejoined the relocated Cincinnati Royals in 1957–58.
Don Meineke was married to Mary Jane (Hautman) and had 4 children: Donald (Kara), Greg (Laura), Jeff, and Jennifer Meineke McLaughlin.  They are also survived by 8 grandchildren: Jacqueline Meineke (Donald); Emily, Quinn, Jack, and Joe Meineke (Greg); and Jacob, Danielle, and Nicole (Jennifer)
NBA career statistics
Regular season
{| class="wikitable sortable" style="font-size:95%; text-align:right;"
!Year
!Team
!GP
!MPG
!FG%
!FT%
!RPG
!APG
!PPG
|-
| style="text-align:left;" |1952–53
| style="text-align:left;" |Fort Wayne
|68
|33.1
|.381
|.783
|6.9
|2.2
|10.7
|-
| style="text-align:left;" |1953–54
| style="text-align:left;" |Fort Wayne
|71
|20.9
|.344
|.805
|5.2
|1.1
|5.7
|-
| style="text-align:left;" |1954–55
| style="text-align:left;" |Fort Wayne
|68
|15.1
|.372
|.700
|3.6
|0.9
|5.8
|-
| style="text-align:left;" |1955–56
| style="text-align:left;" |Rochester
|69
|18.1
|.372
|.700
|3.6
|1.5
|7.1
|-
| style="text-align:left;" |1957–58
| style="text-align:left;" |Cincinnati
|67
|11.8
|.356
|.647
|3.4
|0.6
|4.9
|- class="sortbottom"
| colspan="2" style="text-align:center;" |Career
|343
|19.8
|.367
|.756
|4.7
|1.3
|6.8
Playoffs
References
External links
Where Are They Now- Don Meineke @ nbrpa.com
Career stats at basketball-reference.com
1930 births
2013 deaths
All-American college men's basketball players
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Dayton, Ohio
Centers (basketball)
Cincinnati Royals players
Dayton Flyers men's basketball players
Fort Wayne Pistons draft picks
Fort Wayne Pistons players
Power forwards (basketball)
Rochester Royals players
Philip Montagu D'Arcy Hart, CBE (25 June 1900 – 30 July 2006) was a seminal British medical researcher and pioneer in tuberculosis treatment.
Personal life
Philip D'Arcy Hart was the grandson of Samuel Montagu, 1st Baron Swaythling. They were educated at Clifton College.
In 1941, they married Ruth Meyer (1913–2007), later a medical gynaecologist. They had a son, the economist Oliver Hart.
Philip D'Arcy Hart died at the age of 106 in 2006.
Career
D'Arcy Hart became a consultant physician at University College Hospital at the age of 34. Three years later, they joined the Medical Research Council (MRC). They were a pioneer of evidence-based medicine, conducting some of the earliest randomized controlled trials on patulin in 1943 and streptomycin with Austin Bradford Hill.
D'Arcy Hart became involved with much of the MRC's early research into dust diseases in coal miners. They were a member of the MRC Streptomycin in Tuberculosis Trials Committee, which is generally accepted as the first randomized clinical trial. At the age of 71, D'Arcy Hart published a seminal paper in the Journal of Experimental Medicine, showing that the intracellular pathogen Mycobacterium tuberculosis avoids destruction in the cell's lysosomes by circumventing these organelles altogether—a trick now known to be used by many other intracellular pathogens.
They were a member of the Committee for the Study of Social Medicine set up in 1939, and later the Sigerist Society, which discussed the theoretical and social aspects of medicine from a Marxist point of view.
References
External links
Tansey, Tilli. Obituary, James Lind Library.
Draper, Philip; Skehel, John. Obituary, The Guardian, 30 August 2006.
Armstrong, J. A.; Hart, P. D'Arcy. Response of Cultured Macrophages to Mycobacterium tuberculosis, with observations on fusion of lysosomes with phagosomes. J Exp Med. 1971 Sep 1; 134(3): 713–740.
1900 births
2006 deaths
British public health doctors
20th-century English medical doctors
English centenarians
Men centenarians
English Jews
People educated at Clifton College
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Dumitru Ciubașenco (born 14 August 1963) is a journalist from the Republic of Moldova.
Biography
They were the head of Moldavschie Vedomosti and worked for Radio Free Europe. They were a candidate of the Liberal Democratic Party of Moldova for July 2009 Moldovan parliamentary election and now is the spokesperson of Valeriu Pasat, the Chairman of the Humanist Party (Moldova) and the former Moldovan Minister of Defense and ex-director of the Moldovan intelligence.
Awards
Order of the Republic (Moldova) – the highest state distinctions (2009)
References
External links
Ciubașenco Dumitru
1963 births
Living people
Moldovan journalists
Male journalists
Moscow State University alumni
Writers from Chișinău
Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty people
Recipients of the Order of the Republic (Moldova)
Ro-60, originally named Submarine No. 59, was an Imperial Japanese Navy Type L submarine of the L4 subclass. They were in commission from 1923 to 1934 and from 1940 to 1941. Before World War II, they served in the waters of Japan. During World War II, they took part in the Battle of Wake Island before they were wrecked three weeks after the war broke out.
Design and description
The submarines of the Type L4 sub-class were copies of the Group 3 subclass of the British L-class submarine built under license in Japan. They were slightly larger and had two more torpedo tubes than the preceding submarines of the L3 subclass. They displaced surfaced and submerged. The submarines were long and had a beam of and a draft of . They had a diving depth of .
For surface running, the submarines were powered by two Vickers diesel engines, each driving one propeller shaft. When submerged, each propeller was driven by an electric motor. They could reach on the surface and underwater. On the surface, they had a range of at ; submerged, they had a range of at .
The submarines were armed with six internal torpedo tubes, all in the bow, and carried a total of twelve 6th Year Type torpedoes. They were also armed with a single deck gun and a 6.5 mm machine gun.
Construction and commissioning
Ro-60 was laid down as Submarine No. 59 on 5 December 1921 by Mitsubishi at Kobe, Japan. Launched on 22 December 1922, they were completed and commissioned on 17 September 1923.
Service history
Pre-World War II
Upon commissioning, Submarine No. 59 was assigned to the Sasebo Naval District. On 9 February 1924, they were reassigned to Submarine Division 26 — in which they spent the remainder of their career — and to the Sasebo Defense Division. On 1 April 1924, Submarine Division 26 was reassigned to Submarine Squadron 1 in the 1st Fleet. Submarine No. 59 was renamed Ro-60 on 1 November 1924.
On 1 December 1925, Submarine Division 26 was reassigned to Submarine Squadron 2 in the 2nd Fleet in the Combined Fleet. On 1 March 1926, Ro-60 and the submarines , , , , , , , and departed Sasebo, Japan, bound for Okinawa, which they reached the same day. The nine submarines got underway from Okinawa on 30 March 1926 for a training cruise in Chinese waters off Shanghai and Amoy which concluded with their arrival at Mako in the Pescadores Islands on 5 April 1926. They departed Mako on 20 April 1926 for the return leg of their training cruise, operating off China near Chusan Island, then returned to Sasebo on 26 April 1926.
On 15 December 1926, the Submarine Division 26 returned to the Sasebo Naval District and the Sasebo Defense Division. On 27 March 1927, Ro-60, Ro-61, Ro-62, Ro-63, Ro-64, and Ro-68 departed Saeki Bay, Japan, for a training cruise off Tsingtao, China, which they concluded with their arrival at Sasebo, Japan, on 16 May 1927. Ro-60 was decommissioned on 10 February 1928 and placed in Third Reserve at Sasebo.
Ro-60 was recommissioned on 20 September 1928 and resumed active service in Submarine Division 26 in the Sasebo Defense Division in the Sasebo Naval District. On 10 December 1928, the division again was assigned to Submarine Squadron 1 in the 1st Fleet. On 1 December 1930, it returned to the Sasebo Naval District, and served in the Sasebo Defense Division again from that date until 15 November 1933. On 1 June 1934, Ro-60 was decommissioned and placed in Second Reserve at Sasebo, and while in Second Reserve was assigned to the Sasebo Guard Squadron from 15 November 1934 to 15 November 1935. They moved to Third Reserve on 15 December 1938 and to Fourth Reserve on 15 November 1939.
Ro-60 again was recommissioned on 15 October 1940, and on 15 November 1940 Submarine Division 26 was reassigned to Submarine Squadron 7 in the 4th Fleet in the Combined Fleet. When the Imperial Japanese Navy deployed for the upcoming conflict in the Pacific, Ro-60 was at Kwajalein in the Marshall Islands. They received the message "Climb Mount Niitaka 1208" () from the Combined Fleet on 2 December 1941, indicating that war with the Allies would commence on 8 December 1941 Japan time, which was on 7 December 1941 on the other side of the International Date Line in Hawaii, where Japanese plans called for the war to open with their attack on Pearl Harbor.
World War II
Battle of Wake Island
Ro-60 was with the other submarines of Submarine Division 26 — and — at Kwajalein when Japan entered World War II on 8 December 1941, Kwajalein time. The three submarines were placed on "standby alert" that day as United States Marine Corps forces on Wake Island threw back the first Japanese attempt to invade the atoll. On 12 December 1941, Ro-60 and Ro-61 got underway from Kwajalein to support a second, heavily reinforced Japanese attempt to invade Wake Island; Ro-62 followed on 14 December 1941.
Ro-60 was on the surface southwest of Wake at around 16:00 local time on 21 December 1941 when a U.S. Marine Corps F4F Wildcat fighter of Marine Fighter Squadron 211 (VMF-211) attacked her, strafing them and dropping two bombs. Ro-60 crash-dived, but the attack damaged their periscopes and several of their diving tanks. After they resurfaced that night and their crew inspected their damage, their commanding officer decided that they no longer could dive safely. The Battle of Wake Island ended as Wake Island fell to the Japanese on 23 December 1941, and that day Ro-60 and Ro-62 received orders to return to Kwajalein.
Loss
As they were approaching Kwajalein Atoll in bad weather in the predawn darkness of 29 December 1941, Ro-60 went off course and ran hard aground on a reef north of the atoll at 02:00 at , damaging their pressure hull and splitting their starboard diving tanks open. At about 13:00, the commander of Submarine Squadron 7 arrived on the scene from Kwajalein aboard their flagship, the submarine tender , to supervise rescue and salvage operations personally. Pounded by high surf, Ro-60 incurred additional damage and took on such a heavy list that their crew destroyed their secret documents and abandoned ship. Jingei rescued all 66 members of their crew.
The Japanese struck Ro-60 from the Navy list on 15 February 1942. At some point later in World War II, an unidentified aircraft strafed their wreck, detonating Ro-60′s torpedoes and blowing the wreck apart. Divers who later visited the site found their wreckage strewn all over the reef, with their aft section lying against the reef, their forward section lying ahead of their stern, their conning tower from the forward section, and their deck gun beyond that.
References
Bibliography
, History of Pacific War Extra, "Perfect guide, The submarines of the Imperial Japanese Forces", Gakken (Japan), March 2005,
The Maru Special, Japanese Naval Vessels No.43 Japanese Submarines III, Ushio Shobō (Japan), September 1980, Book code 68343-44
The Maru Special, Japanese Naval Vessels No.132 Japanese Submarines I "Revised edition", Ushio Shobō (Japan), February 1988, Book code 68344-36
The Maru Special, Japanese Naval Vessels No.133 Japanese Submarines II "Revised edition", Ushio Shobō (Japan), March 1988, Book code 68344-37
External links
Photo of the wreck of Ro-60 in 2004 at combinedfleet.com
Ro-60-class submarines
Japanese L type submarines
1922 ships
Ships built by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries
World War II submarines of Japan
Maritime incidents in December 1941
Japanese submarine accidents
Japanese submarines lost during World War II
World War II shipwrecks in the Pacific Ocean
Bardney Hall is an 18th-century residence and a Grade II* Listed building in Barton-upon-Humber, North Lincolnshire. It was constructed as a private residence for William Gildas in the early 1700s and is now used as a bed and breakfast.
History and residents
William Gildas (died 1724) lived in the hall with their wife Susannah (1683-1734); they left the property to their son William Gildas (1711-1780) who in 1763 was appointed as Sheriff. They and their wife Sarah had one surviving child, Bridget who, in 1756 married, Charles Robinson. Bridget and Charles had one child named Sarah Robinson (1758-1832) and it was to them that William Gildas left their property when they died in 1780. In 1778 they married George Uppleby (1751-1816) and Bardney Hall was passed to the Uppleby family.
The Uppleby family retained ownership of the property for many years. Their principle residence was Barrow Hall and for some time they rented the house to wealthy tenants. A rental notice for 1808 is shown. Sarah and George had two sons and the eldest Charles Uppleby (1780-1853) inherited Bardney Hall when their father died in 1816. However they did not move there but continued to live at Barrow Hall. Instead their younger brother Reverend George Uppleby (1789-1852) who was the vicar of Barton-upon-Humber lived there with is their wife Mary Fox (1796-1857).
Charles Uppleby did not marry and when they died in 1853 Bardney Hall was inherited by their nephew George Charles Uppleby (1819-1891) who was the son of Reverend George Uppleby. They moved to the Hall for several years with their mother Mary Fox but when they died in 1857 the house was rented out. However by about 1860 Julia Abigail Holt (1828-1912) the sister of George Charles Uppelby came with their husband Rev George William Holt (1810-1891) to live at the Hall. They remained there for the next fifty years until their death in 1912. At this stage George Crowle Uppleby, the son of George Charles Uppleby (d. 1891) was the owner of the property and they rented it to wealthy tenants. The first tenants were William Wastell Whytehead (1848-1920) who was an attorney and their wife Jessie. They lived there until about 1920. In 1927 they sold it to the Catholic Church who used it as a convent school.
References
External links
Bardney Hall website
18th-century establishments in England
Buildings and structures in Lincolnshire
Grade II* listed buildings in North Lincolnshire
Barton-upon-Humber
Henningsleben () is a village and an Ortsteil (part) of the town of Bad Langensalza in Thuringia, central Germany, with about 230 inhabitants.
Geography
Henningsleben is situated c. south of Bad Langensalza, north of the old part of Gotha and about (beeline) northwest of Erfurt. Together with the neighbouring Grumbach, the village is situated on the eastern slope of the Große Harth on a deeply cut stream, which is fed by two springs in the Grumbach area and is reinforced east of Henningsleben by the outflow of the Katzenborn. The stream, now called Herzbach, flows eastwards in the valley to Illeben. South of Nägelstedt, the stream flows into the Tonna, before its confluence with the Unstrut. The highest elevation near the village is the Roter Berg to the north.
The Bundesstraße (federal highway) B 247 between Gotha and Bad Langensalza runs along the eastern edge of the village. The paved field path Illeber Weg leads from the B 247 straight northeast to Illeben, about away. From the same point, the Landesstraße (state road) L 2125 (formerly Kreisstraße 103) runs through the village as the main village road; on the one hand, to leave it to the south in the direction of Wiegleben, and on the other hand, now again as K 103 and as a dead-end road, to lead to Grumbach.
History
The village was first mentioned in a document in 1186.
Until 1815, Henningsleben belonged to the Amt (district of) Langensalza in the Electorate of Saxony and, after its cession to Prussia, to the Landkreis (district of) Langensalza in the Province of Saxony from 1816 to 1944. Henningsleben played an important role in the Battle of Langensalza against the Prussians in 1866. Until 1945, the Richter family of landowners lived in Henningsleben. Their manor house was demolished in 1947 and the material obtained was used to build settlement houses for the German Expellees. In 1952, the second Landwirtschaftliche Produktionsgenossenschaft ("Agricultural Production Cooperative") in the then GDR (after the one in Merxleben) was founded in Henningsleben.
Henningsleben was incorporated into Bad Langensalza on 1 April 1993.
Culture and sights
St Mary's Church () in Henningsleben was built in 1730. 22 pictures in need of restoration adorn the parapet of the three-sided gallery. A flat coffered ceiling spans the nave.
References
External links
Bad Langensalza
Former municipalities in Thuringia
Province of Saxony
Women's Slalom World Cup 2004/2005
Final point standings
In Women's Slalom World Cup 2004/05 all results count.
Note: In the last race only the best racers were allowed to compete and only the best 15 finishers were awarded with points.
World Cup
FIS Alpine Ski World Cup slalom women's discipline titles
Gennady Nikolaevich Bachinsky (; 1 September 1971 – 12 January 2008) was a Russian radio talk show host and producer. They were also known as one of founders and guitarist of the indie group Chimera.
Bachinsky was born in Yarovoye in the Altai Krai, they originally trained as a systems engineer. They started their radio career in St. Petersburg where they co-hosted several popular shows with Sergei Stillavin in the 1990s. In 2001 Bachinsky moved to Moscow and along with Stillavin they co-hosted the top rated morning talk show "Two In One" on Radio MAXIMUM. Bachinsky and Stillavin were referred to as the "Howard Sterns of Russian Radio". They co-hosted the show for 5 years, in 2007 Bachinsky and Stillavin left to join the State radio broadcaster Mayak. In 2007 they both won the Radiomania National Award for "Best Morning Show".
On 12 January 2008 Bachinsky was killed in a road traffic accident when they violated the traffic code by driving their Volkswagen Golf in the opposite lane. They collided with a Volkswagen Transporter, killing a woman inside and injuring two other people. The accident occurred in the Tver Oblast region. They were buried at the Troyekurovskoe cemetery in Moscow.
References
Bibliography
Бурлака А. Рок-энциклопедия. Популярная музыка в Ленинграде-Петербурге. 1965—2005. Том 3. — М.: Амфора, 2007. — С. 433—477.
Гаккель В. Аквариум как способ ухода за теннисным кортом. С-Пб.: Амфора, 2007. — 416 с. —
1971 births
2008 deaths
Burials in Troyekurovskoye Cemetery
People from Yarovoye
Road incident deaths in Russia
Russian radio personalities
Talk radio hosts
Lead guitarists
20th-century guitarists
Papyrus 35 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by 𝔓35, is an early copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Gospel of Matthew, it contains only Matthew 25:12-15.20-23. The manuscript paleographically has been assigned to the 3rd or 4th century.
Description
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Aland placed it in Category I.
Aland dated the manuscript to the 4th century, Roberts and T. C. Skeat dated it to the 3rd century.
It is currently housed at the Laurentian Library (PSI 1) in Florence.
See also
List of New Testament papyri
Biblical manuscript
Papyrus 36
References
Further reading
Images
Images of GA_P35 Florence, Biblioteca Medicea Laurenziana; Shelf Number: P.S.I. 1 at CSNTM
New Testament papyri
4th-century biblical manuscripts
Gospel of Matthew papyri
Farmers Guardian is a weekly newspaper aimed at the British farming industry. It provides comprehensive and topical news with Livestock, Arable and Machinery sections; as well as business information and latest market prices. It is sold nationally and is published each Friday. Based in Preston, Lancashire, it was for many years owned by United Business Media but it, and sister title Pulse, were sold to UK business-to-business publisher AgriBriefing in February 2012 in a deal worth £10 million.
Related products in include: Dairy Farmer, Arable Farming and the website www.fginsight.com. The website was launched in February 2015, and includes sections on news, arable, livestock, and machinery.
History
The newspaper started life on 10 February 1844, priced 4½d, as the Preston Guardian, and was founded by Joseph Livesey, the "father" of the total abstinence movement in Britain to support the campaign for the repeal of the Corn Laws. They were assisted by their sons: William, as sub-editor and manager of the business department (until forced to retire by ill health); John, who came in as editor at the age of 21; and younger sons Franklin and Howard. Livesey Snr was, however, the overall superintendent and wrote the leaders for local news items.
The success of the newspaper can be attested by a remark of Richard Cobden:
The paper lasted for 15 years under the Livesey's management, until 1859. By then it had become a valuable commodity and was sold to local business person and fellow teetotaller, Councillor George Toulmin JP (father of the journalist, newspaper proprietor and Liberal Party politician George Toulmin (1857–1923)), who owned the paper until 1883. Thomas Wemyss Reid was an editor from 1864-1866.
In 1872, a new office building was completed in Fishergate, Preston, and the paper moved into the ground floor. The building was later shared with the Lancashire Evening Post and was demolished in 1989. The paper lasted under its original name until May 1958 and then continued to the present day as the Farmers Guardian.
John Boyle O'Reilly, a future Irish poet, journalist and activist in the United States, worked as an apprentice at the Preston Guardian in the early 1860s.
References
External links
Farmers Guardian Official website
Pulse
Weekly newspapers published in the United Kingdom
Agricultural magazines
Publications established in 1844
Publications established in 1958
Mass media in Preston
Newspapers published in Lancashire
Srđan Dabić (; born 20 July 1962) is a Serbian business manager and former professional basketball player.
Playing career
A point guard, Dabić played 13 seasons in the Yugoslav Federal League from 1978 to 1991. During that time, they played for Crvena zvezda on two occasions, Radnički Belgrade, and Šibenka. In 1991, they signed for a Sofia-based team Levski Totel of the Bulgarian National League.
National team career
Dabić was a member of the Yugoslavia cadet team that won the gold medal at the 1979 European Championship for Cadets in Damascus, Syria. Over seven tournament games, they averaged 10.6 points per game.
Dabić was a member of the Yugoslavia junior team that won the silver medal at the 1980 European Championship for Juniors in Celje, Slovenia, Yugoslavia. Over seven tournament games, they averaged 10.9 points per game.
Business career
In July 2003, Dabić was elected as a board member for the Crvena zvezda Basketball Club.
Dabić was a director of Lukoil Serbia, a Serbian branch of Russian multinational energy corporation Lukoil. In 2003, Dabić represented Lukoil in the privatization of a Serbian state gas company Beopetrol.
Reportedly, Dabić was a business partner of Siniša Mali, a former Mayor of Belgrade. According to OCCRP, Dabić's Bulgaria-based company Akladi sold 24 apartments to Mali in Bulgaria.
See also
List of KK Crvena zvezda players with 100 games played
References
1962 births
Living people
Basketball players from Belgrade
BC Levski Sofia players
BKK Radnički players
KK Crvena Zvezda executives
KK Crvena zvezda players
KK Šibenik players
Point guards
Businesspeople from Belgrade
Serbian basketball executives and administrators
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Bulgaria
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Croatia
Serbian men's basketball players
Yugoslav men's basketball players
Narrandera Shire is a local government area in the Riverina region of south-western New South Wales, Australia. The Shire is located adjacent to the Sturt and Newell Highways.
The present Narrandera Shire was formed on 1 January 1960 by an amalgamation of the previous Narrandera Municipality and Yanko Shire. The first Narrandera Municipality was incorporated on 18 March 1885. Narrandera Shire is a large shire in the geographical centre of the Riverina, with over of roads within its boundaries.
The Shire includes the town of Narrandera and the villages of Grong Grong, Binya and Barellan.
The mayor of Narrandera Shire is Cr. Neville Kschenka, an independent politician.
Council
Current composition and election method
Narrandera Shire Council is composed of nine councillors elected proportionally as a single ward. All councillors are elected for a fixed four-year term of office. The mayor is elected by the councillors at the first meeting of the council. The most recent election was held on 10 September 2016. The makeup of the council is as follows:
The current Council, elected in 2016, in order of election, is:
Mayors
Mayors of Narrandera Council (1885–1959)
The list of mayors of Narrandera Council (1885–1959) appears below.
Mayors of Narrandera Shire (1960–present)
The list of mayors of Narrandera Shire Council (1960–present) appears below.
References
Local government areas of the Riverina
Local government areas of New South Wales
1960 establishments in Australia
Newell Highway
Theodolite Hill () is a hill, 680 m, with a small rock outcrop at its summit, standing at the southeast corner of Laclavère Plateau 5 nautical miles (9 km) west of the northwest end of Duse Bay, in the northeast part of Trinity Peninsula. Discovered by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS), 1946, and so named during their survey of the area because it served as an important theodolite station.
Map
Trinity Peninsula. Scale 1:250000 topographic map No. 5697. Institut für Angewandte Geodäsie and British Antarctic Survey, 1996.
See also
Boil Point
External links
Theodolite Hill Copernix satellite image
Hills of Trinity Peninsula
Vombsjön (sometimes called Våmbsjön) is a lake in Scania, Sweden. It is located 20 km to the east of Lund and lies in the municipalities of Lund, Eslöv and Sjöbo. The lake has been the source of drinking water for Malmö since 1948. Its watershed is 447 km2.
References
Scania
Lakes of Skåne County
Gustavo Fernández defeated Nicolas Peifer in the final, 3–6, 6–2, 6–0 to win the men's singles wheelchair tennis title at the 2017 Australian Open. It was their first Australian Open singles title and second major singles title overall.
Gordon Reid was the defending champion, but was defeated in the quarterfinals by Joachim Gérard.
Seeds
Draw
Draw
References
General
Drawsheets on ausopen.com
Specific
Wheelchair Men's Singles
2017 Men's Singles
Fednevskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Spasskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 20 as of 2002.
Geography
Fednevskaya is located 34 km northwest of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Spassky Pogost is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
The 23rd Congress of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union (CPSU) took place in Moscow, RSFSR between 29 March and 8 April 1966. It was the first Congress during Leonid Brezhnev's leadership of the Party and state. The position of First Secretary (held by Brezhnev) was renamed back to General Secretary, which had been its name from 1922 to 1952. The congress elected the 23rd Central Committee.
Leonid Brezhnev, Gennady Voronov, Andrei Kirilenko, Alexei Kosygin, Kirill Mazurov, Arvid Pelshe, Nikolai Podgorny, Dmitry Polyansky, Mikhail Suslov, Alexander Shelepin and Petro Shelest were elected full members of the 23rd Politburo, while Viktor Grishin, Pyotr Demichev, Dinmukhamed Konayev, Pyotr Masherov, Vasil Mzhavanadze, Sharof Rashidov, Dmitriy Ustinov and Volodymyr Shcherbytsky were elected candidate members.
On 4 April, the Soviet probe Luna 10, the first spacecraft to orbit the Moon, broadcast the notes of The Internationale to the Congress.
See also
Congress of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union
References
Twenty-Third Congress of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union in the Great Soviet Encyclopedia, 3rd Edition (1970-1979).
External links
Congress of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union, containing major speeches and documents
Communist Party of the Soviet Union 23
Congress
1966 conferences
March 1966 events in Europe
April 1966 events in Europe
es:XXIII Congreso del PCUS
zh:苏联共产党第二十次代表大会
The National Lacrosse League Most Valuable Player Award is given annually to the NLL player who is considered to have contributed most to their team's success. The award winners are chosen by a vote of the league's coaches, general managers, and executives.
In 2006, the award was known as the "JetBlue National Lacrosse League MVP Award" and in 2007, it was known as the "Dodge Nitro National Lacrosse League MVP Award".
Past winners
Footnotes
Most Valuable Player
Most valuable player awards
Awards established in 1994
1994 establishments in Pennsylvania
The Thésée was a 74-gun ship of the line of the French Navy. As Révolution, they took part in the Expédition d'Irlande under Pierre Dumanoir le Pelley.
External links
Ships of the line
Ships of the line of the French Navy
Ships built in France
Téméraire-class ships of the line
1790 ships
Uncial 0136 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 91 (Soden), is a Greek-Arabic diglot uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated palaeographically to the 9th century. Formerly it was labelled by Θh.
Description
The codex contains a small part of the Gospel of Matthew 14:6-13; 25:9-16; 25:41-26:1, on 3 parchment leaves (33 cm by 27 cm). It is written in two columns per page, 16 lines per page, in large uncial letters.
It has breathings and accents.
The codex was taken from Sinai and now is located in the National Library of Russia (Gr. 281) in Saint Petersburg.
The manuscript 0136 was part of the same codex to which Uncial 0137 belonged. They were divided in the 19th century and catalogued under different numbers. Uncial 0137 contains Matt. 13:46-52. It is Greek-Arabic diglot. It was found by Rendel Harris at Sinai.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 9th century.
Uncial 0137 is still located in Sinai Harris 9 in the Saint Catherine's Monastery in Mount Sinai in Egypt.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Aland placed it in Category V.
See also
List of New Testament uncials
Textual criticism
References
Further reading
J. Rendel Harris, Biblical fragments from Mount Sinai (London, 1890), pp. 25, 26.
Hermann von Soden, "Die Schriften des Neuen Testaments, in ihrer ältesten erreichbaren Textgestalt hergestellt auf Grund ihrer Textgeschichte," Verlag von Arthur Glaue, Berlin 1902, p. 89.
Kurt Treu, Die Griechischen Handschriften des Neuen Testaments in der UdSSR; eine systematische Auswertung des Texthandschriften in Leningrad, Moskau, Kiev, Odessa, Tbilisi und Erevan, T & U 91 (Berlin, 1966), pp. 116-117.
Greek New Testament uncials
9th-century biblical manuscripts
Fonte means fountain, source and/or spring in several languages, and is thus present in many toponyms and titles. It may also refer to:
People
Allison Fonte (born 1964), American actor and pianist
Artur Fonte (born 1959), Portuguese football player
Bartholomew de Fonte, Spanish admiral involved in the early knowledge of the Pacific Northwest
César Fonte (born 1986), Portuguese cyclist
Emanuele Fonte (born 1992), Italian football player
Francesco Fonte (born 1965), Italian football player
Jeanne de la Fonte, birth name of Renée Adorée (1898–1933), French actor
John Fonte, philosopher involved in transnational progressivism
José Fonte (born 1983), Portuguese football player
Marcello Fonte (born 1978), Italian actor
Maria Inês Fonte (born 2002), Portuguese tennis player
Mike da Fonte (born 1991), American football player
Moderata Fonte (1555–1592), Venetian writer and poet
Pedro José de Fonte y Hernández Miravete (1777–1839), Mexican archbishop
Rui Fonte (born 1990), Portuguese football player
Places
Fonte, Veneto, Treviso, Italy
Fonte River, Guam
Fonte Boa, Amazonas, Brazil
See also
Elections for East Lothian Council took place on Thursday 3 May 1984, alongside elections to the councils of Scotland's various other districts.
Ward Results
Labour
Musselburgh East
Musselburgh Central
Musselburgh South
Musselburgh West
Tranent North
Tranent/Ormiston
Carberry
Prestonpans West
Prestonpans East
Gladsmuir
Lammermuir
Dunbar
Conservative
Cockenzie
Haddington
Dirleton
East Linton
North Berwick
References
1984
1984 Scottish local elections
May 1984 events in the United Kingdom
Cerna () is a commune in Tulcea County, Northern Dobruja, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Cerna (), General Praporgescu, Mircea Vodă (historical name: Acpunar) and Traian. The commune is inhabited by a large number of Megleno-Romanians.
Demographics
Situated in a hilly landscape 55 km from the city of Tulcea and 25 km from Măcin, the village of Cerna had at the 2002 Romanian census a population of 2,427, and together with three smaller villages the population of the entire commune was 4,227. Estimates of the number of Megleno-Romanians in this village vary from 1,200 to 2,000, and they form the ethnic majority of it.
In 1940, according to the stipulations of the Treaty of Craiova, the Bulgarian population from Cerna was resettled to Southern Dobruja, mainly to the village of Turcsmil, which was renamed Nova Cherna (New Cerna) in the memory of their former place of origin. They were replaced by the current Megleno-Romanian local population. The Megleno-Romanian Dumitru Ciotti was mayor of the commune of Cerna from 1941 to 1942.
Notable natives
Panait Cerna
References
External links
Communes in Tulcea County
Localities in Northern Dobruja
Megleno-Romanian settlements
La Joya Community High School (LJ, LJCHS, or LHS) is a community high school located in Avondale, Arizona, US. It serves grades 9 through 12 and is part of the Tolleson Union High School District. Currently 2200 students are enrolled.
Their Principal name is Mrs. Stacie Almaraz. Currently the school is teaching students from 9th grade to 12 grade.
References
External links
School website
Schools in Maricopa County, Arizona
Educational institutions established in 2002
Public high schools in Arizona
2002 establishments in Arizona
The INA-MOL dispute was a dispute between the government of Croatia and MOL Plc., as to the management rights of INA d.d. MOL held the controlling interest in the company, while Croatian representatives maintained this controlling share was obtained illegally, through the bribery of the former Croatian prime minister Ivo Sanader. The dispute was brought before the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law, with the UNCITRAL ruling in favor of MOL.
This prompted the Croatian government to shift their focus from proving the controlling share was obtained illegally, to buying out a majority share in INA d.d.
Background
Following the declaration of independence of Croatia, the country began a number of privatization initiatives, intending to shift from socialist economics to economic liberalism. The sale of INA d.d. shares to MOL Plc. and other buyers was part of this privatization process.
The first public sale of INA d.d. shares happened in July 2013, when MOL Plc. acquired 25% of all shares for a price of €505 million. The first shareholders' agreement was signed at time, establishing an oversight board with seven members: five to be named by the Croatian government, and two by MOL Plc. In November 2006, 44 000 Croatian citizens bought stocks as well, for a price of 2.8 billion kuna. INA d.d. stocks were included in the Zagreb Stock Exchange and London Stock Exchange for the first time. In October 2008 MOL Plc. bought another 22.15% of stocks, raising their total share to 47.15%. This made them the majority stakeholder, as the Croatian government was left with 44.83% of the shares.
In January 2009, the number of members in oversight board was raised from seven to nine, with MOL appointing five members, the Croatian government three members, and the remaining shareholders one member. MOL further gained the privilege of appointing three of six board members in INA d.d. as well. MOL Plc. had effectively gained ownership at that point. By mid-2011, the first allegations of bribery had surfaced, and USKOK had begun their investigation into Ivo Sanader and Zsolt Hernádi.
The Hernádi - Sanader legal process
The legal proceedings against Ivo Sanader began in the County Court of Zagreb on 28 August 2011, with Sanader claiming innocence and pleading not guilty. The prosecutors claimed Sanader had accepted a €10 million bribe for changing the shareholder's agreement, which enabled MOL Plc. to gain ownership of INA d.d. After a three year proceeding, Sanader was found guilty of a number of criminal wrongdoings, and sentenced to a nine year prison term. This sentence was later overturned by the Supreme Court of Croatia, and Sanader was released on a 12.4 million kuna bail. This would prove to be crucial in the arbitration process.
The legal proceedings resumed, and Sanader was once again found guilty of accepting a bribe on 31 December 2019. They were sentenced, in a non-final judgment, to a six year prison term.
Hernádi was investigated by both Hungarian and Croatian authorities, for the alleged bribery. In early 2012, Hungarian legal authorities found Hernádi to be not guilty of all charges brought against him. Meanwhile, they were tried in absentia in Croatia. They were sentenced to a two-and a half year prison term, although Hungary refused to extradite him.
The arbitration process
In 2014, the Croatian government began an arbitration process with MOL Plc. before the UNCITRAL. Croatian representatives wanted the 2009 changes to the shareholders' agreement, which enabled MOL Plc. to take over the controlling stake in INA d.d., to be made null and void. They based this claim on an alleged €10 million bribe made by the president of MOL Plc. Zsolt Hernádi to the, then current prime minister, Ivo Sanader. Hungary launched their own investigation into the matter, and dismissed all allegations of criminal activity in early 2012.
UNCITRAL made their ruling on 23 December 2016, ruling in favor of MOL Plc., and based their ruling on five points:
There was inconsistency in the Croatian version of events as to the Hernádi questioning. USKOK claimed Hungary obstructed their investigation, after they had asked the Hungarian prosecutors to question Hernádi as to the alleged bribery. However, while USKOK claimed the questioning never took place, documents from Hungarian prosecutors, as well as documents from the County Court of Zagreb, show Zsolt Hernadi was questioned in 2010, although it was connected primarily to a separate case, the Podravka affair.
It couldn't be proven that Ivo Sanader played an important role in the negotiations with MOL Plc., as to the changes in the shareholders' agreement. In fact, the evidence brought forward didn't show Sanader played a part in any detailed negotiations with the Hungarian company.
Robert Ježić, an influential Croatian business person during the 2000s, testified that the MOL Plc. representatives had through them paid a €5 million bribe to Sanader, in return for selling a controlling share in INA d.d. UNCITRAL found the witness unreliable, claiming Ježić "had a strong motive to shift blame onto Sanader". They furthermore brought forward various differences between a number of their statements, made throughout the legal proceedings against Sanader. There was also no evidence anyone beside Ježić was aware that this alleged €5 million bribe took place.
The Croatian representatives failed to prove good relations between Ježić and Sanader, which would have been the basis for bribery to take place.
Sanader had been found guilty of criminal wrongdoing by the first instance court, but the Supreme Court of Croatia later overturned this first instance verdict against Sanader, although this ruling was heavily criticized by Croatian legal experts. This contributed to the idea that no bribe actually took place.
See also
Croatia-Hungary relations
References
2000s in Croatia
2010s in Croatia
2000s in the European Union
Politics of Croatia
Croatia–Hungary relations
Legal disputes
Jan Šátral was the defending champion but lost in the first round to Benjamin Bonzi.
Filip Krajinović won the title after defeating Cedrik-Marcel Stebe 6–2, 6–3 in the final.
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
Main Draw
Qualifying Draw
Marburg Open - Singles
2017 Singles
Lectures in Geometric Combinatorics is a textbook on polyhedral combinatorics. It was written by Rekha R. Thomas, based on a course given by Thomas at the 2004 Park City Mathematics Institute, and published by the American Mathematical Society and Institute for Advanced Study in 2006, as volume 33 of their Student Mathematical Library book series.
Topics
The 14 chapters of the book can be grouped into two parts, with the first 2/3 of the book concerning the combinatorial properties of convex polytopes and the remainder connecting these topics to abstract algebra.
The topics covered include Schlegel diagrams and Gale diagrams, irrational polytopes, point set triangulations, regular triangulations and their polyhedral representation by secondary polytopes, the permutohedron as an example of a secondary polytope, Gröbner bases, toric ideals, and toric varieties, and the connections between Gröbner bases of toric ideals and regular triangulations of points.
Audience and reception
Although originally presented as an advanced undergraduate course, the book is also suitable for graduate students and for researchers interested in beginning work in this area. It requires only an undergraduate level of background material in mathematics (particularly linear algebra), and includes exercises making it suitable as a textbook. Reviewers Miklós Bóna and Alexander Zvonkin suggest it as a "quick introduction" to its topics, after which other books on the same topics can provide greater depth.
See also
List of books about polyhedra
References
Polyhedral combinatorics
Mathematics textbooks
2006 non-fiction books
Klock is a Dutch/German surname. It may refer to:
Fort Klock, New York State
Fredrik Klock, a Norwegian footballer
Jacob Klock, Colonel in the Tryon County militia during the American Revolution
James Klock, a Canadian politician
References
Dutch-language surnames
North German surnames
Ahmed El-Nagar (born 19 February 1964) is an Egyptian boxer. They competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics and the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
Egyptian male boxers
Olympic boxers of Egypt
Boxers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Light-heavyweight boxers
Calvin Douglas Jones (September 26, 1963 – February 12, 2022) was an American professional baseball pitcher. They played during two seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Seattle Mariners.
Career
Jones attended the University of California, Riverside, where they played college baseball for the Highlanders from 1982–1983.
They were drafted by the Mariners as the 1st pick in the 1st round of the January 1984 MLB draft. Jones played their first professional season with their Class A (Short Season) Bellingham Mariners in 1984, and their last season with the Los Angeles Dodgers' Triple-A Albuquerque Dukes in 1996.
Personal life and death
Jones died from cancer on February 12, 2022, at the age of 58.
References
External links
Mexican League
The Baseball Gauge
Venezuela Winter League
1963 births
2022 deaths
African-American baseball players
Albuquerque Dukes players
American expatriate baseball players in Canada
American expatriate baseball players in Mexico
Baseball players from California
Bellingham Mariners players
Calgary Cannons players
Camden Riversharks players
Canton-Akron Indians players
Chaffey College alumni
Chaffey Panthers baseball players
Charlotte Knights players
Chattanooga Lookouts players
Leones del Caracas players
American expatriate baseball players in Venezuela
Major League Baseball pitchers
Mexican League baseball pitchers
Nashville Sounds players
Newark Bears players
Olmecas de Tabasco players
Pawtucket Red Sox players
Salinas Spurs players
San Bernardino Spirit players
Seattle Mariners players
Sportspeople from Compton, California
Taichung Agan players
UC Riverside Highlanders baseball players
Vermont Mariners players
Wausau Timbers players
Williamsport Bills players
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American sportspeople
Deaths from cancer in Texas
Verbum Dei High School alumni
American expatriate baseball players in Taiwan
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Yengejeh (; also known as Yengījeh) is a village in Sarvelayat Rural District, Sarvelayat District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 508, in 174 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
General elections were held in Costa Rica on 1 February 1970. Former President José Figueres Ferrer of the National Liberation Party won the presidential election, whilst their party also won the parliamentary election. Voter turnout was 83.3%.
On 25 June 1969, the Legislative Assembly of Costa Rica reformed the Constitution to prohibit presidential reelection, but as any legal reform was retroactive, all previous presidents could be candidates one more time. Two former presidents José Figueres Ferrer and Mario Echandi Jiménez were the two main candidates in the election.
Echandi was nominated by then ruling party National Unification (PUN), a right-wing conservative party made out of the merger of the Republicans (Calderonistas) and the National Union (Ulatistas). However, the union was starting to break and Ulate unsuccessfully presented a separate list of Unification candidates for Congress. In the main opposition force and by then dominant-party PLN, the nominee had been the historical leader and twice president before José Figueres. Figueres was selected after a primary election (or National Convention as they're known in Costa Rica) in which they defeated then Congressman and former Secretary General of the party, Rodrigo Carazo. The convention was particularly harsh and after the results, Figueres did not include any of Carazo supporters in power positions (as was a traditional courtesy), something that future president Carazo resented and which caused them to eventually leave the party.
National Unification's forces, however, weren't in better conditions. Ulate did not endorse Echandi and left the coalition. Others that left were Virgilio Calvo and Mariano Zúñiga from the Calderonist faction that made their own new party, the National Front (aka “Third Front”). Ulate promised them the support of this party, but PUN's General Assembly did not follow their lead and endorsed Echandi's candidacy. The group had minimal impact in the election.
Other minor parties were the Christian Democratic Party, led by physician Jorge Arturo Monge Zamora, and the Socialist Action Party led by former PLN member Marcial Aguiluz Orellana and historical Communist leader Manuel Mora. Communism was still illegal at the time, but the prohibition was flexible on non-explicitly Marxist parties, and several leaders were already questioning the antidemocratic nature of the measure and calling for it to be lifted, including Figueres himself.
Figueres won by a very broad margin over Echandi, 54% over 41%, and their party, the PLN, won a majority in Parliament. Socialists and Christian Democrats also achieved representation.
Results
President
By province
Parliament
By province
Local governments
Ballot
References
1970 elections in Central America
1970 in Costa Rica
Elections in Costa Rica
Tonegawa may refer to:
History
Battle of Tonegawa, a Japanese battle
Science
Susumu Tonegawa (born 1939), Japanese scientist
6927 Tonegawa (1994 TE1), a minor planet discovered on October 2, 1994 Kitami Observatory, Japan
Other
Tone River (利根川 Tone-gawa), a river in the Kantō region of Japan
Yukio Tonegawa, a character in the Japanese manga series, Kaiji
Japanese-language surnames
The 1974–75 VfL Bochum season was the 37th season in club history.
Review and events
Matches
Legend
Bundesliga
DFB-Pokal
Squad
Squad and statistics
Squad, appearances and goals scored
Transfers
Summer
In:
Out:
Sources
External links
1974–75 VfL Bochum season at Weltfussball.de
1974–75 VfL Bochum season at kicker.de
1974–75 VfL Bochum season at Fussballdaten.de
Bochum
VfL Bochum seasons
The 1990 Rhode Island United States Senate election was held on November 6, 1990 to select the U.S. Senator from the state of Rhode Island. Democratic U.S. Senator Claiborne Pell decided to seek re-election and defeated Republican Representative Claudine Schneider in a landslide.
Candidates
Democrat
Claiborne Pell, incumbent U.S. Senator
Republican
Claudine Schneider, U.S. Representative
Results
See also
1990 United States Senate elections
References
1990 Rhode Island elections
Rhode Island
1990
Mary Cirelli (born July 4, 1939) is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives, representing the 52nd District from 2001 to 2004.
References
External links
Profile on the Ohio Ladies Gallery website
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Ohio Democrats
Living people
Women state legislators in Ohio
1939 births
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
People from Uniontown, Pennsylvania
Firuz Kola-ye Olya () may refer to:
Firuz Kola-ye Olya, Amol
Firuz Kola-ye Olya, Nowshahr
Arundel High School is a public high school located in Gambrills, Maryland, a suburb of Washington, D.C., and Baltimore within Anne Arundel County.
The school is part of the Anne Arundel County Public School system, and is the primary high school for Gambrills and portions of the Odenton area. Originally, the school was the Anne Arundel Academy, a prestigious one-room private school founded in 1854. That institution became Arundel High School in 1926. It is one of the oldest public high schools in the country, and the oldest mainstream public school in the state of Maryland. The current school building was built in 1949 and first occupied in 1950, with additions/renovations in 1966, 1986, 1987, 2006, and 2008.
Students
Attendance
Arundel High School's September enrollments, 2004 – present:
Arundel High School only has one feeder middle school, Arundel Middle School. Arundel Middle School has 4 feeder elementary schools: Piney Orchard, Waugh Chapel, Odenton, and Four Seasons. Prior to the opening of Crofton High School, Crofton Middle School was also included in the Arundel High School feeder system. In the Fall of 2020, Arundel High School students from the Crofton area who were in grade 9 during the 2019–2020 school year were relocated to Crofton High School. However, because Crofton High only served students in grades 9 and 10 during the 2020–2021 school year and will only serve grades 9, 10, and 11 during the 2021–2022 school year, Arundel High students from the Crofton area who were in grades 11 and 12 in the fall of 2020 remained at Arundel High School.
The student body is 55% White, 24% Black, 8.0% Hispanic and Latino, 6% Asian, and 7% of students identify as being of two or more races. 13% of students receive free and reduced–price meals as of 2020.
Academics and rankings
Rankings
Arundel High School has place highly on a number of rankings:
In 2013, Newsweek ranked Arundel High School as the 2nd best high school in Anne Arundel County and one of the top 20 high schools in Maryland. Arundel was placed in the top 5% of public high schools in the United States.
In 2012 and 2013, Arundel High School was ranked as one of the DC area's most challenging high schools by the Washington Post. Arundel ranked in the top 5% of the most challenging high schools in the country. The criteria for the ratings measured college readiness by comparing AP participation rates at different high schools.
In 2015, Arundel High School was among the top 15 high schools in Maryland and top 1,000 in the country (out of 26,000 public high schools) by U.S. News & World Report and in 2015 was ranked as the 2nd best among high schools in Anne Arundel County.
In the latest 2019 ratings, Arundel High School received a 4-star rating by the Maryland State Department of Education, which began assigning schools a star rating out of 5 in 2018. Arundel High School, Arundel Middle School, and the four elementary feeder schools (collectively referred to as the “Arundel cluster”) had the third best scores of any cluster in Anne Arundel County. Arundel Middle and Odenton Elementary also received 4-star ratings, while Piney Orchard, Four Seasons, and Waugh Chapel Elementary Schools received 5/5-star ratings. The Severna Park cluster ranked as the best in the county and the Broadneck cluster ranked as the 2nd best in the county.
As of 2021, Arundel High School was ranked in the top 15% of public high schools in the United States by U.S. News & World Report.
As of 2021, Arundel High School has the second highest equity rating of all non-charter public high schools in Anne Arundel County on GreatSchools, with the first highest being Severna Park High. The equity section measures the academic performance of underserved students relative to the state average in a given school, as well as how well schools are closing the academic achievement gap.
Notable former students
Stephen Bainbridge (1980), Professor of Law at UCLA Law School, legal scholar, blogger
Kyle Beckerman (2000), Major League Soccer midfielder
Elizabeth Ann Bennett, film and television actor
Jill E. Brown, first female African American pilot for a major American passenger airline
Louis Carter (1971), NFL player
Crystal Chappell (1981), actor on Guiding Light and Days of Our Lives; creator, producer, writer and actor; Venice: The Series
Steven Thomas Fischer (1990), two-time Emmy Award nominated filmmaker and cartoonist
R.J. Harris (2010), Canadian Football League wide receiver
Dave Johnson (1982), play-by-play announcer for the Washington Wizards on 106.7 the fan and DC United on CSN Mid Atlantic
Chris Kubasik (1979), former President and Chief Operating Officer of Lockheed Martin Corporation
Alec Lemon (2009), wide receiver in the NFL for the Houston Texans
Darnerien McCants (1996), National Football League wide receiver
Mark McEwen (1972), TV personality
Denny Neagle (1986), Major League Baseball pitcher
Edward Snowden, NSA whistleblower, dropped out midway through the 1998-99 school year
Wanda Sykes (1982), comedian
Athletics
Arundel High School competes in the Anne Arundel County Division of Maryland's 4A subdivision
Arundel High has won 33 State Championships dating back to 1908 in various sports:
Baseball - 1976, 1977, 1981, 1987, 1991, 1993, 1995, 1998, 2001, 2006
Boys Basketball - 1964
Boys Lacrosse - 1980, 1981, 1995
Boys Soccer - 1987
Boys Track and Field - 1970, 1971
Fall Cheerleading - 2016
Football - 1975
Girls Basketball - 1996, 2000, 2004, 2010
Golf -1991, 1992
Softball - 1983
Unified Bocce - 2012, 2017
Wrestling - 1985,1998
Wrestling Duals - 1997
Volleyball - 1953,
References
External links
Arundel High School website
Arundel Athletics Website
Educational institutions established in 1854
Public high schools in Maryland
Schools in Anne Arundel County, Maryland
1854 establishments in Maryland
Chris Dittmar (born 16 January 1964) is an Australian sports commentator who was formerly the World No. 1-ranked men's squash player.
Dittmar is widely considered to be the "best player never to have won" one of squash's two biggest titles. They finished runner-up at the World Open five times – in 1983, 1987, 1989, 1990 and 1992 – and was runner-up at the British Open twice – in 1985 and 1993.
Dittmar was born in Adelaide, South Australia, and was a contemporary of two great Pakistani players – Jahangir Khan and Jansher Khan. Dittmar provided probably the most consistent challenge of any player to the dominance of these two greats during the 1980s and early-1990s, but never quite managed to break their iron grip on the game. In all seven of the World Open and British Open finals they played in, Dittmar lost to one of the two Khans. There were several occasions in their career when Dittmar managed to beat one of the Khans in a semi-final round, only to lose to the other in the final. Dittmar won what is remembered as one of the sport's classic matches against Jahangir Khan in the semi-finals of the 1989 World Open in Kuala Lumpur, taking the fifth set 15-13. The following day in the final, they took a two set lead against Jansher, but tired as the long match wore on and eventually lost in five sets.
Dittmar has claimed that the proudest moment of their career came in captaining the Australian team to victory in World Team Squash Championships in 1989. Australia beat Pakistan 3-0 in the final, with Dittmar contributing a win over Jahangir Khan. Two years later in 1991, Dittmar captained the Australian team which successfully defended the title.
Prior to turning professional, Dittmar was runner-up at the World Junior Championships in both 1980 and 1982, and won the British Open Junior Championship in 1981.
Dittmar won several professional titles, including three Australian Opens, three Canadian Opens, three European Opens, three New Zealand Opens, and two South African Opens. Their consistency helped them briefly capture the World No. 1 ranking shortly before they retired as a player in 1993. They were ranked No. 2 and No. 3 for much longer periods.
Dittmar was known for being very forthright in expressing their views as a player during their career, and represented their fellow players as President of the International Squash Players Association for several years.
Dittmar served as Patron of Squash Australia from 2002 to 2005. They were inducted into the Squash Australia Hall of Fame in 2005.
Since retiring as a squash player, Dittmar has worked as a television sports commentator in Australia for Channel Seven. They have also worked for Adelaide radio stations FIVEaa and Triple M. They hosted FIVEaa's soccer show on Sunday evenings for a period, and currently hosts 'Roo and Ditts for Breakfast' on Triple M with Mark Ricciuto. They have also been an Australian rules football commentator for both stations.
Dittmar suffered a small brain haemorrhage requiring hospitalisation in July 2009.
Family
Dittmar comes from a well-known sports family in Adelaide. Their father played Australian rules football for Port Adelaide Football Club. Their uncle Wally also played for Port Adelaide and represented South Australia in State of Origin Football. And their uncle Len was crowned the Australian welterweight boxing champion in the 1950s. Their son Tom used to play for soccer club WT Birkalla but now plays for soccer club Comets FC.
Dittmar attended St Michael's College, Adelaide.
References
External links
Channel Seven sports presenter profile
Australian male squash players
Australian sports broadcasters
Sportspeople from Adelaide
Seven News presenters
1964 births
Living people
"Barbara of the House of Grebe" is the second of ten short stories in Thomas Hardy's frame narrative A Group of Noble Dames. It is told by the old surgeon. The story was published in The Graphic in 1890 and in book form in 1891.
Plot summary
Lord Uplandtowers, a young man who lives in a mansion in Knollingwood Hall, has decided they want to marry Barbara, the daughter of their neighbour Sir John Grebe. However they elope with the beautiful Edmond Willowes, a widow's son from a family of glass painters, and marries them without their parents' consent. A few months later Sir John reconciles with their daughter and their husband. They agree to support them financially and let them live in Yewsholt Lodge on one condition: Edmond has to go to study in Italy for one year.
During their stay in Italy Edmond has an accident. Their face is badly wounded in a fire. When they return to England he's wearing a mask. In Yewsholt Lodge they take their mask off before their wife. Barbara is shocked and can't bear to face him. They spend the night alone in the hot-house. The next morning they find a farewell letter from Edmond.
Several years later, when Edmond is dead, Lord Uplandtowers convinces Barbara to marry them now. However they don't love him, because she's still thinking of their first husband. Every night, while they believe Lord Uplandtowers is asleep, they go to a closet in their boudoir where they keep a statue that a sculptor in Pisa had made of Edmond. One night Lord Uplandtowers follows them unnoticed and sees them with their arms around the statue. The next day they hire a sculptor to disfigure the statue's head in the same way Edmond's head was disfigured in the fire. They place the statue in their bedroom until Barbara gets an epileptic seizure and begs them to remove the statue. They finally become a loving wife to Lord Uplandtowers.
Time and location
The story takes place around 1780 in Thomas Hardy's Wessex, more specifically in "South Wessex" (Dorset). "Chene Manor" (in reality Canford Manor) is a house in Canford Magna. "Yewsholt Lodge" was really called Farrs House. Edmond was from "Shottsford Forum", in reality Blandford Forum.
Critical reception
A reviewer from The Spectator called the story "as unnatural as it is disgusting".
T. S. Eliot said the story "would seem to have been written solely to provide a satisfaction for some morbid emotion".
Adaptation
The sixth episode of the 1973 BBC series Wessex Tales was an adaptation of "Barbara of the House of Grebe".
Cast
Joanna McCallum .... Barbara
Nick Brimble .... Willowes
Ben Kingsley .... Lord Uplandtowers
Leslie Sands .... Sir John Grebe
Sheila Allen .... Lady Grebe
References
External links
Works by Thomas Hardy
1890 short stories
In linguistics, a phatic expression (, ) is a communication which primarily serves to establish or maintain social relationships. In other words, phatic expressions have mostly socio-pragmatic rather than denotational functions. They can be observed in everyday conversational exchanges, as in, for instance, exchanges of social pleasantries that do not seek or offer information of intrinsic value but rather signal willingness to observe conventional local expectations for politeness.
Other uses of the term include the category of "small talk" (conversation for its own sake) in speech communication, where it is also called "grooming talking." In Roman Jakobson's work, the 'phatic' function of language concerns the channel of communication; for instance, when one says "I can't hear you, you're breaking up" in the middle of a cell-phone conversation. This usage appears in research on online communities and micro-blogging.
Purpose
Phatic communion at first appears to break Grice's conversational maxims, because it denotationally appears to give information that is unnecessary, untrue, or irrelevant. However, phatic communion plays an important role in language and has important connotational meanings that do not break these maxims and needs to be understood as an important part of language in its role in establishing, maintaining, and managing bonds of sociality between participants, as well as creating feelings of solidarity, familiarity, and putting participants at ease
History
The term phatic communion ('bonding by language') was coined by anthropologist Bronisław Malinowski in their essay "The Problem of Meaning in Primitive Languages", which appeared in 1923 as a supplementary contribution to The Meaning of Meaning by C. K. Ogden and me. A. Richards. The term phatic means 'linguistic' (i.e. 'by language') and comes from the Greek ('spoken, that may be spoken'), from ('I speak, say').
Importance of context
Many expressions generally considered to be phatic (see below) may be a genuine request for information in certain contexts. For example, in British English, "How are you?" is a phatic expression used when greeting someone one knows, especially when a participant wants to initiate conversation. However, it can be asked sincerely, and this must be inferred from context, such as when a friend gives bad news, or tone, such falling intonation to show it as a genuine question (as is with w/h-word questions), or speaking more quietly. Authenticity of the question can also be emphasised by the addition of the word "feeling" ("How are you feeling?").
Phatic expressions in various languages
Danish
Danish has several phatic greetings:
'how goes it?'. Possible answers are: 'it goes good/fine'.
'how does it cut?' Informal greeting between close friends.
'what then?'. Similar to the English greeting what's up?. More often used in Jutland. A possible answer is 'not that much'.
is a common informal greeting and equivalent to the English hi, pronounced almost the same. Single word greetings with approximately the same meaning include (from combining with German from French ), , (both reduced forms of meaning 'day'), , , , (Pun greeting. Made by combining and 'onion sauce'), 'nice good day' is a more formal greeting.
is only used when the speaker is not sure they can be heard. Examples when saying/yelling is appropriate: Trying to find out if someone else is in a seemingly empty room/building; using it as an initial phone greeting; checking if the person you're calling can still hear you (when experiencing a bad phone connection); trying to get the attention of a listener that appears to not pay attention.
Mojn is only used in Southern Jutland. It comes from North German from the German word meaning 'morning'. Despite its original meaning it is used as a greeting throughout the day.
or are common ways to say goodbye. 'we will see each other' is used as a farewell greeting in face-to-face conversations while 'we will speak each other'/ 'we will speak to each other by' are used in both face-to-face and phone/text conversations.
'drive safely' is said to a person leaving the place where the speaker is located and going to drive/bike to another location. 'come well home' is said in the same situation whatever the method of transportation.
'good lust for work' is said when parting with a person that is either currently at work or leaving to go to work.
'thanks for today' is often said in more formal contexts of prolonged interactions like at the end of a meeting or the end of a class.
'thanks for the last time that we were together' acknowledging that the people were together somewhere
'good recovery'. Said when leaving a sick person.
'have it good' or 'you (sg./pl.) may have it good' is a farewell phrase wishing for the other's well-being. A joke variant of this is 'have it as you look' (literally: 'have it as you look out'). By not saying the expected adjective 'good', the speaker is violating the maxim of quantity and thereby inferring that they do not think the listener looks good. This can be understood as an insult and is therefore mainly used informally between friends.
Some phatic greetings are only used in writings such as letters, e-mails and speeches read aloud:
'dear' followed by a name is a formalised way of beginning a letter, speech etc.
Ways to end a letter or e-mail include 'greeting', '(with) friendly greeting', sometimes abbreviated to . Others include 'with loving greeting' abbreviated , 'hug'.
Some greetings like can be used throughout the day. Some are more specific, and the specific time of when to switch to the next greeting can vary from speaker to speaker. Time-specific greetings include
('good morning'), (literally 'good pre-noon'), ('good day'), ('good afternoon'), ('good evening'), and ('good night').
Ways of saying thanks include '''thanks', 'thanks shall you have', 'many thanks', 'thousand thanks', 'thanks for that' and 'I thank'. A thanks can be answered with 'self thanks' or 'it was so little' (referring to the small amount of work that had to be done).
Other phatic expressions include ('luck and fortune'), equivalent to the English good luck, and ('crack and break') which has the same meaning as good luck similar to the English expression break a leg, mostly used by hunters, fishers, and theater crews.
English
"You're welcome", in its phatic usage, is not intended to convey the message that the hearer is welcome; it is a phatic response to being thanked, which in turn is a phatic whose function is to acknowledge the receipt of a benefit.
Similarly, the question "how are you?" is usually an automatic component of a social encounter. Although there are times when "how are you?" is asked in a sincere, concerned manner and does in fact anticipate a detailed response regarding the respondent's present state, this needs to be pragmatically inferred from context and intonation.
Example: a simple, basic exchange between two acquaintances in a non-formal environment:
Speaker one: "What's up?" (US English. In UK English this more commonly means "Is there something wrong?")
Speaker two: "Hey, how's it going?" (In US English "Hey" is equivalent to "Hi", or "Hello". Adding "How's it going" returns the initial greeting-query, paraphrased, without offering any information about what is possibly "up". In short, the first speaker's token is replied to with the second speaker's equivalent token, not actually answering the first speaker's literal query.)
Or:
Speaker one: "All right?" (UK English. In US English this can only be a tag question, approximately meaning "Do you agree with or accept what I've said?" In the US, the longer question "(Are) you all right?" is possible to mean "Is something wrong?")
Speaker two: "Yeah, all right."
In both dialogues neither speaker expects an actual answer to the question but rather it is an indication that each has recognized the other's presence and has therefore sufficiently performed that particular social duty.
Icelandic
There are several phatic greetings in Icelandic differing in formality:
'What say you (good)?'. Equal to English how are you?. To a foreign speaker it can seem strange that the preferred answer, 'good', is embedded in the question. A preferred answer can be 'I say everything good/fine'
'how goes?'.
Thanking:
'thanks for'.
Japanese
In Japanese, phatic expressions play a significant role in communication, for instance the backchannel responses referred to as aizuchi. Other such expressions include the ubiquitous ('please treat me well', used before starting work with someone), (lit. 'you must be tired', closer to 'thank you for your hard work'—used for leave-taking and sometimes as a greeting) and ('thank you for your support').
Mandarin Chinese
In China, the phatic expression 'have you eaten?' is equivalent to English speakers how are you? Food culture is important in China and thus inquiring if one is well-fed implies the speaker's desire to know if the listener has this basic need met. This expression is most often used by older members of society towards younger persons.
Persian
Taarof is a complex set of expressions and other gestures in Persian society, primarily reflected in the language.
Welsh
In Welsh the general phatic is a regional and colloquial version of ('how is?'). The general pronunciation in southern Wales is and in the North, . The usual answer is ('OK') or, ('OK, thanks'), or maybe the more traditional ('quite good'), ('quite good, thanks').Many native speakers do not answer like this, but simply say, or in response.
The use of phatic has been used as a Welsh language campaigners to encourage Welsh speakers to begin conversations in Welsh, and for non-fluent speakers to "give it a go". Shwmae Sumae Day was held for the first time in 2013 and is held annually on 13 October.
In fiction
Phatic expressions are often created by authors, particularly in science fiction or fantasy, as part of their worldbuilding.
In A Song of Ice and Fire by George R. R. Martin, the people of Essos use the expression Valar Morghulis ('All men must die'), answered with Valar Dohaeris ('All men must serve').
In the Star Wars series, characters have the call-and-response leave-taking phrase "may the Force be with you", followed by "and also with you."
In Star Trek, the expression "live long and prosper" is used phatically, accompanied by a Vulcan salute.
Non-verbal phatic expressions
Non-verbal phatic expressions are used in nonverbal communication for emphasis or to add detail to the message that a person conveys or expresses. Common examples of these are smiling, gesturing, waving, etc. According to Dr. Carola Surkamp, professor at University of Cologne, non-verbal phatic communication can be expressed with involuntary physical features such as direction of gaze, blushing, posture, etc. and that these have a vital function in regulating conversation.
Online phatic expressions
Phatic expressions are used on different communication platforms on the internet such as social media networks where certain platforms require and prompt certain actions to be made between users to communicate or implicate certain messages between people without direct utterances. Examples for this would be: 'likes', comments/replies, shares/reblogs, emoji use, etc. These phatic posts'' as Radovanovic and Ragnedda like to call them, are again used with a social function of social communicative upkeep with the primary function of expressing social connection, relationships between users, and recognition of coparticipants.
See also
Backchannel (linguistics)
Filler (linguistics)
Literal and figurative language
Pragmatics (linguistics)
Small talk
Sociolinguistics
References
Anthropology
Pragmatics
Big Fight may refer to:
The Big Fight (1930 film), a 1930 film
The Big Fight (1972 film), a 1972 Hong Kong film
Asterix and the Big Fight, the seventh volume in the French comic book series, Asterix
Asterix and the Big Fight (film), a 1989 animated movie based on the seventh volume in the Asterix comic book series
Big Fight Special, an episode from the first series of the BBC Comedy KYTV, originally shown in 1990
The Big Fight Live, a British boxing television programme
Kiseki no Big Fight, the closing theme song of the Dragon Ball Z film Kiken na Futari! Super Senshi wa Nemurenai
Big Fight: Big Trouble in the Atlantic Ocean, a 1992 arcade game developed and published by Tatsumi
"Is Usagi Going it Alone? The Sailor Warriors Get Into a Big Fight", a Sailor Moon episode
The Tascosa Gunfight, an Old West gunfight that took place in Tascosa, Texas
Harold Webster (January 18, 1895 – November 7, 1958) was a Canadian athlete who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics. They were born in Newhall, Derbyshire, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. In 1936 they participated in the Olympic marathon event but did not finish the race. At the 1930 Empire Games they finished tenth in the 6 miles competition. Four years later they won the gold medal in the marathon contest at the 1934 Empire Games.
References
Harold Webster's profile at Sports Reference.com
Article on the Harold Webster memorial race
1895 births
1958 deaths
English emigrants to Canada
Canadian male long-distance runners
Canadian male marathon runners
Olympic track and field athletes of Canada
Athletes (track and field) at the 1936 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1930 British Empire Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1934 British Empire Games
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for Canada
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
Sportspeople from Derbyshire
Dave Brown (born February 28, 1976) is an American entrepreneur.  They are the owner/founder of Holiday Matinee, a creative agency and co-founder of Better Looking Records, an independent record label.
Work
Brown established Holiday Matinee in February 1999, with an initial offering of music PR that helped launch the careers of Death Cab for Cutie, Bright Eyes and The Album Leaf, among others. Services later expanded to include management, design, music licensing, event planning and national youth marketing campaigns. Today, Holiday Matinee has become an active destination blog and offers consulting services to various brands and individuals looking to grow their ideas, products, events and businesses.
References
External links
Holiday Matinee official website
Better Looking Records official website
21st-century American businesspeople
Living people
1976 births
"When Love & Hate Collide" is a power ballad by British rock band Def Leppard from their 1995 greatest hits album Vault, written by Joe Elliott and Rick Savage. It was originally written and demoed for Adrenalize, but not finalized until 1995 for its inclusion on Vault. The demo version is much more heavily produced in the signature style of Hysteria and Adrenalize, and the final version is more stripped down, supposedly toward the style of the following studio album Slang. The original demo version contains the final recorded guitar solo by late original guitarist Steve Clark. "When Love & Hate Collide" became one of their most successful singles in their homeland, where it reached number two in the UK Singles Charts, but it failed to make a significant impact on the US charts, reaching number 58 on the Billboard Hot 100. It did, however, become a top 10 hit in Canada, climbing to number six on the RPM Top Singles chart. The song also reached the top spot in Ireland.
In 2008, the song was re-recorded this time with featured vocals of American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. The original version was re-released as a digital download on 12 February 2013.
Background
"When Love & Hate Collide" was written by lead singer Joe Elliott and bassist Rick Savage in 1990 during the composition and recording sessions for the band's fifth studio album Adrenalize. According to Elliott on the liner notes on the band's Best of compilation, the song was written when guitarist Steve Clark was in rehab. The band then went into the studio and recorded a rough demo of the song, which turned out to feature Clark's final recorded guitar solo before they died in 1991.
The song was ultimately left off the track listing for Adrenalize with the band preferring newly-written and recorded "Have You Ever Needed Someone So Bad" according to guitarist Phil Collen. According to Elliott on the Adrenalize Deluxe Edition liner notes, the inclusion of the song would have been "one ballad too many."
The song resurfaced whilst the band were recording their sixth studio album Slang in 1994. According to new guitarist Vivian Campbell on the Best of liner notes, their record label wanted a "syrupy-sounding" single for a possible compilation album, but they had "nothing at all in that vein". So the band sent over the demo to the label. As "the suits at the label really loved it", the band took a break from the production of Slang to record a new version of the song. According to Collen, the new recording took two weeks to complete, "which was really good for us".
Elliott said to a fan question "Why did it take so long to release Vault?" during a late 1995 promotional appearance on the MuchMusic programme Intimate & Interactive that the band had not come to fully agreeing to that decision until July of that year. Before the decision had come, "When Love & Hate Collide" was in consideration for Slang and the possibility of being its lead single. The decision to release Vault instead allowed the band to fully "close the door" on the Steve Clark era and to continue working on Slang.
Video
There are 3 different versions to this video, all of which are available on DVD:
Band-only version (most commonly used version available on Visualize / Video Archive DVD)
4-minute "epic" version (available on Visualize/Video Archive DVD and Best of the Videos DVD, this version features future Survivor: The Australian Outback contestant Jerri Manthey)
8-minute condensed epic version (available on Best of the Videos DVD as a bonus feature)
Track listings
CD: Mercury / Bludgeon Riffola / PY 840 / 852 429-2 / LC-7179 (UK)
"When Love & Hate Collide"
"Rocket"
"Armageddon It"
CD: Mercury / Bludgeon Riffola / 422 852 424-2 (US)
"When Love & Hate Collide"
"Can't Keep Away From the Flame"
Cassette: Mercury / Bludgeon Riffola / LEPMC 14 (UK) / 852 401-4 (INT)
"When Love & Hate Collide"
"Pour Some Sugar on Me"
CD: Mercury / Bludgeon Riffola / LEPCD 14 (UK) / 852 401-2 (INT)
"When Love & Hate Collide"
"Pour Some Sugar on Me"
"Armageddon It"
"When Love & Hate Collide" (Original Demo with Steve Clark's final solo)
CD: Mercury / Bludgeon Riffola / LEPDD 14 / PY 940 / LC 7179 (UK)
"When Love & Hate Collide"
"Rocket"
"Excitable"
CD: Mercury / Bludgeon Riffola / LEPCJ 14 (UK) / Not for Resale
"When Love & Hate Collide" (Elliot/Savage)
1. Album Version (Vault) 4:16
2. A/C Mix 4:17
3. No Strings 4:17
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Release history
References
Def Leppard songs
1990s ballads
1995 singles
1995 songs
Irish Singles Chart number-one singles
Mercury Records singles
Rock ballads
Songs written by Joe Elliott
Songs written by Rick Savage
Richard Lionel Tapper is a professor emeritus of the School of Oriental and African Studies of the University of London.  They are a social anthropologist who did ethnographic field research in Iran, Afghanistan and Turkey. Their publications have focussed on pastoral nomadism, relations between ethnic and tribal minorities and the state, the anthropological study of Islam, the anthropology of food, Iranian cinema, and Iranian religious politics.
Bibliography
1979, Pasture and politics : economics, conflict, and ritual among Shahsevan nomads of northwestern Iran
1983 (and 2011), The Conflict of tribe and state in Iran and Afghanistan
1991, editor, Islam in modern Turkey : religion, politics, and literature in a secular state
1992, editor, Some minorities in the Middle East
1994 (2nd edition 2001), editor, with Sami Zubaida, Culinary cultures of the Middle East = A taste of thyme: culinary cultures of the Middle East ,
1997, Frontier nomads of Iran: a political and social history of the Shahsevan
2000, editor, Ayatollah Khomeini and the modernization of Islamic thought
2002, editor, The new Iranian cinema: politics, representation and identity
2002, editor, with Jon Thompson, The nomadic peoples of Iran
2003, editor, with Keith McLachlan, Technology, tradition and survival: aspects of material culture in the Middle East and central Asia
2006, with Ziba Mir-Hosseini, Islam and democracy in Iran: Eshkevari and the quest for reform
External links
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
British anthropologists
Alumni of the University of Cambridge
Alumni of the University of London
Academics of SOAS University of London
Dallas Baptist University (DBU) is a Christian liberal arts university in Dallas, Texas. Founded in 1898 as Decatur Baptist College, Dallas Baptist University currently operates campuses in Dallas, Plano, and Hurst.
History
Decatur Baptist College, the forerunner of Dallas Baptist University, opened its doors in 1898 as the first two-year institution of higher education in Texas. The Baptist General Convention of Texas purchased the land in 1897 from Northwest Texas Baptist College. The school enjoyed a rich, full history in Decatur until 1965 when it moved to Dallas at the invitation of the Dallas Baptist Association.
The school's historic Administration Building in Decatur, built in 1893, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
In October 1965, Dallas Baptist College began offering classes to its first class of over 900 students. The initial piece of land for the campus, overlooking Mountain Creek Lake in the hill country of southwest Dallas, was donated by John Stemmons, Roland Pelt, and associates. An interested group of business people donated additional acreage, and in 1994 a donation by the Louis Hexter family brought the current size of the DBU campus, known as University Hill, to . In 2018, an additional land acquisition increased the total campus size to 368 acres.
In 1968, the college moved from junior-college to senior-college status, subsequently offering its first four-year bachelor's degrees in May 1970. In 1985, the college name officially became Dallas Baptist University. The new structure consisted of the College of Arts and Sciences, the Mary C. Crowley College of Christian Faith, the Dorothy M. Bush College of Education, and the College of Business.
Growth and expansion
In 2019, the university enrolled 4,487 students. The university offers 84 undergraduate majors, 24 masters degree programs, over 45 dual master's programs, and two doctoral programs. While in its early years, the school had the reputation of being a commuter college, today's DBU has well over 2,000 students living on campus.
In 1992, the John G. Mahler Student Center, the first new building on the DBU campus in more than 20 years was dedicated. The building is a close replica of Independence Hall in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and it was the first of many new buildings in the Georgian architectural style on the campus.
In 2009, the Patty and Bo Pilgrim Chapel was dedicated. The structure is used for various events such as chapel services and concerts, and houses office space for the Graduate School of Ministry along with classrooms and a large multipurpose room. The inspiration for the exterior of the building came from the First Baptist Church in America, located in Providence, Rhode Island.
In the fall of 2011, the university opened the Joan and Andy Horner Hall. Named after the founders of Premier Designs, Horner Hall houses the DBU communication department, the offices for the College of Fine Arts, a multipurpose classroom and video recording studio, a design lab, and a music business recording studio, designed by the Russ Berger Design Group. The exterior of the structure is modeled after Congress Hall located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
In 2001, DBU-North opened in Carrollton, Texas as DBU's first regional academic center, serving North Dallas and Collin County. For several years, DBU-North was located in Frisco, Texas, and in 2011, moved to Plano, Texas. DBU also opened DBU-Hurst-Colleyville at Hurst in the Summer of 2005.
In 2015, Jim and Sally Nation Hall opened its doors. A near replica of Monticello, the building is the home of the Gary Cook School of Leadership, as well as other administrative offices. The building also houses several classrooms as well as a special event space situated in the dome of the building.
Further locations for special programs and opportunities include the Department of Military Science at University of Texas at Arlington (Army ROTC), Aerospace Studies at Texas Christian University (Air Force ROTC), and the Graduate Institute of Applied Linguistics in Dallas Texas.
Academics
Academic divisions
The university is divided into seven colleges: the Mary C. Crowley College of Christian Faith, the Dorothy M. Bush College of Education, the College of Business, the College of Fine Arts, the College of Humanities and Social Sciences, the College of Natural Sciences and Mathematics, and the College of Professional Studies. The university also houses two schools: the Graduate School of Ministry, as well as the Gary Cook School of Leadership. The university offers the Ed.D. in educational leadership and the Ph.D. in leadership studies through the Cook School of Leadership and the Ed.D. in educational leadership K-12 through the Bush College of Education. The university has 84 undergraduate programs, 24 master's programs, and 2 doctoral programs.
Accreditations
Dallas Baptist University is accredited by the Commission on Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools.
The teacher, principal and superintendent education programs of the university are accredited by the State Board for Educator Certification (SBEC).
The College of Business is nationally accredited by the Association of Collegiate Business Schools and Programs (ACBSP) to offer the Bachelor of Business Administration (B.B.A.) and the Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.) business degrees.
The Dallas Baptist University Department of Music is accredited by the National Association of Schools of Music (NASM).
DBU is also affiliated with the Baptist General Convention of Texas.
Institute for Global Engagement
The Institute for Global Engagement was founded at DBU in 2015 to be “a Christian, non-partisan think tank dedicated to addressing issues in the public square with biblical distinctiveness” and to be “a moral and spiritual catalyst for renewal in our culture.” The goal of the institute is to be interdisciplinary in bringing together experts and practitioners from a variety of fields to address issues from a distinctively Christian worldview. Since its founding, the IGE has held several seminars and lectures featuring a variety of individuals, including author Eric Metaxas, physician Peter Dysart, former presidential speechwriter Michael Gerson, political commentator Matthew Dowd, former UN Ambassador Samuel Brownback, and former Secretary of Defense Gen. Jim Mattis. The organization also produces The Daily Briefing, an email that goes out three times a week covering the news of the day with a Christian perspective.
Rankings and recognition
U.S. News & World Report ranks Dallas Baptist University, DBU, as 214th among "National Universities" in its 2017 edition.
Traditions
In its early years, Dallas Baptist University's mascot was the Indians, but in the late 1980s, it was changed to the Patriot, and the school colors were changed from blue and gold to the more patriotic theme colors of red, white, and blue.
Cross Ring
The Official DBU Cross Ring serves as a symbol of the Christ-centered education students experience at DBU. The ring features many university symbols, including the Mahler Student Center, the Fishers of Men statue, as well as the university seal.
Mr. Patriot
One of DBU's longest running tradition, stemming from when DBU's mascot was the Indians, is the Mr. Patriot pageant. This anticipated event, formerly named Mr. Big Chief from 1981 to 2018, allows male students to show off their skills, humor, and creativity. The show, a mock beauty pageant, begins with an opening number performed by all the contestants and is followed by three categories: the stamp act (formalwear), the tea act (beachwear), and the intolerable act (talent). The categories were formerly known as just talent, beachwear, and formalwear. Magic tricks, lip-syncing, and musical interpretations are just some of the ways contestants have attempted to gain points in the past. The contestant with the most points at the end wins the coveted title, and has rights to wear the coat and hat that have replaced the headdress on display in the Dean Learning Center as the prize.
Family events
Family Weekend and Grandparents Day allow students to invite their families into their lives on campus. Notable events include the Family Softball Game, Movie on the Quad, and Art Show as well as a family service project. Families are invited to fellowship with their students as well as the university faculty and staff through community activities and other fun events.
Unity Walk
Beginning in 2017, DBU has held an annual Unity Walk on MLK Day, with the DBU community coming together to remember the world of Martin Luther King, Jr., and pray for the dream of a unified country to become a reality. In addition to the walk, a special speaker each year recites King's famous “I Have a Dream” speech. Also during the day, students, faculty, and staff participate in the service projects in Dallas as a part of the national MLK Day of Service.
Athletics
Dallas Baptist University's Patriot Athletic Department sponsors 15 intercollegiate athletics teams that compete in the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) and the National Christian College Athletic Association (NCCAA). DBU also sponsors cheerleading and beginning in the fall of 2010, ice hockey at the club levels. All teams compete at the NCAA Division II level and compete in the Lone Star Conference, with the exception of the baseball team, which is a member of the Division I Missouri Valley Conference, which they joined in the 2014 season. Although the baseball team played as an independent for several years, they accepted an invitation to join the Western Athletic Conference for the 2013 season. DBU also sponsors six intercollegiate club sports. The Diamond Belles are also an active part of the Patriot Athletic Department, serving as an auxiliary group of the Athletic Department.
In 2021, the Women's Golf team won the NCAA Division 2 National Championship.
The DBU Baseball Team continues to be a premier sport for the school, with the team returning to an NCAA Super Regionals for the second time in school history in 2021, falling to Virginia in Game 3.
The Athletic Department also features a Christ-centered Patriot Discipleship program, entitled "Champions for Christ," as well as the Athletic Department's Global Missions Initiative with athletic mission trips to Guatemala, Northern England, Peru, and South Korea.
Teams
A member of the Lone Star Conference, Dallas Baptist University sponsors eight men's and seven women's teams in NCAA sanctioned sports:
Note = The Division I baseball team competes as an affiliate member of the Missouri Valley Conference
Notable alumni
Photo gallery
References
External links
Dallas Baptist University Athletics Website
Universities and colleges affiliated with the Baptist General Convention of Texas
Universities and colleges in Dallas
Educational institutions established in 1898
Universities and colleges accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools
Council for Christian Colleges and Universities
Universities and colleges affiliated with the Southern Baptist Convention
1898 establishments in Texas
Private universities and colleges in Texas
It's On Tonight is the eighth studio album by American keyboardist Brian Culbertson. It was released by GRP Records on July 26, 2005. The album reached the top of the US Billboard Contemporary Jazz Albums chart and number two on Billboards Top Jazz Albums chart.
Overview
Artists such as Kirk Whalum, Chris Botti, Boney James, Patti Austin, Will Downing and Marc Nelson featured on the album.
Tracklisting
Charts
References
2005 albums
GRP Records albums
The Slochd Summit (; ) is a mountain pass on the A9 road and the Highland Main Line Railway in the Scottish Highlands between Inverness and Aviemore. An old military road also goes through the pass. National Cycle Network route 7 also goes over the summit, largely following the old A9.
Both the road and the railway have signs marking the spot - the A9 is at a height of , while the railway reaches . The Slochd Summit is the second highest place on the route from Inverness to Perth - the Pass of Drumochter at is higher and bleaker.
References
Mountain passes of Scotland
Roads in Scotland
Transport in Highland (council area)
Jason Strowbridge (born September 10, 1996) is an American football defensive end who is currently a free agent. They played college football at North Carolina.
Early life and high school
Strowbridge grew up in Deerfield Beach, Florida and attended Deerfield Beach High School. They recorded 12 sacks as a junior. Rated a four-star recruit, Strowbridge initially committed to play college football at Kentucky but eventually changed their commitment to the University of North Carolina during their senior year.
College career
Strowbridge redshirted their true first-year student season. They played defensive end as a rotational backup and finished the season with 12 tackles, 2.5 tackles for loss and two sacks. Strowbridge move to defensive tackle and became a starter at the position as a redshirt sophomore and finished the season with 34 tackles, 5.5 tackles for loss, one sack and a forced fumble. They were named honorable mention All-Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) after recording 36 tackles, 7.5 tackles for loss and 5.5 sacks with a blocked kick in their junior season. As a senior, Strowbridge made 45 tackles (6.5 for loss) with 3.0 sacks and three fumble recoveries and was named third-team All-ACC.
Professional career
Strowbridge was selected in the fifth round of the 2020 NFL Draft by the Miami Dolphins. The Dolphins received the 154th pick used to select Strowbridge as a result from a trade that sent Minkah Fitzpatrick to the Pittsburgh Steelers. Strowbridge made their NFL debut on November 8, 2020, against the Arizona Cardinals, playing 12 snaps on defense with one tackle in 34-31 win.
On August 31, 2021, Strowbridge was waived by the Dolphins and re-signed to the practice squad the next day. They were released from the practice squad on September 6, 2021.
References
External links
North Carolina Tar Heels bio
1996 births
Living people
Players of American football from Florida
Sportspeople from Broward County, Florida
American football defensive tackles
North Carolina Tar Heels football players
People from Deerfield Beach, Florida
American football defensive ends
Miami Dolphins players
Euroformat Kyiv () has a professional beach soccer team based in Kyiv, Ukraine. Prior to 2011, Euroformat was called New Era. The club was organized by company Euroformat.
Honours
Ukrainian competitions
Ukrainian Beach Soccer Premier League
Winners: 2004, 2005, 2007, 2011
International competitions
Notable former players
Andriy Borsuk
External links
Ukrainian Beach Soccer Association Official website
Beach soccer on the FFU
Profile on Kyiv Beach Soccer League
Sport in Kyiv
Ukrainian beach soccer clubs
Lazarenko () is a surname, and may refer to:
Cliff Lazarenko (born 1952), English darts player
Pavlo Lazarenko (born 1953), Ukrainian politician
General Ivan Sidorovich Lazarenko (1895-1944), who commanded 49th and 369th Rifle Divisions during the 1941-45 Great Patriotic War.
See also
Ukrainian-language surnames
Ananyevskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Spasskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 3 as of 2002.
Geography
Ananyevskaya is located northwest of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Naumovskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Country House Sunday is a British television series presented by Lynda Bellingham. The programme saw the actor and their team travel to some of Britain's largest and grandest stately homes. It was produced to Twofour.
The show aired on Sunday mornings on ITV at 8.25am (during the ITV Breakfast slot). The series began on 21 April 2013 and ended on 8 September 2013, lasting for 21 episodes.
Episodes
References
2013 British television series debuts
2013 British television series endings
English-language television shows
ITV Breakfast
ITV (TV network) original programming
Television series by ITV Studios
Carolyn Burke (born 1940) is an Australian-born American translator, art critic, and author of four biographies. Them first was a life of the English poet Mina Loy, was published in 1996 and reprinted in 2021. They have also written books about the American photographer Lee Miller, the French chanteuse Edith Piaf, and the interwoven lives of four iconic figures of American art, Alfred Stieglitz, Georgia O'Keeffe, Paul Strand, and Rebecca Salsbury.
Early life and education
Burke was born in 1940 to Valda Steigrad Katz and David Morris Katz in Sydney, Australia: they came to the U.S. when their mother remarried Dr. Harold Goldberg. Burke earned a B.A. with The Highest Honors in French Literature at Swarthmore College (1961); a M.A. (1964) and Ph.D. (1971), both in English and Comparative Literature, at Columbia University. In Paris, where they lived for many years, they studied French at the Sorbonne.
Early career
Burke taught English literature at several colleges and universities including the University of Paris-IV, the University of Lille (France); the University of California, Santa Cruz and Davis (U.S.); the Universities of Sydney and New South Wales (Australia). They co-translated two books by the French psychoanalyst and philosopher Luce Irigaray, co-edited a collection of essays about Irigaray, and published more than twenty articles on French feminist theory and modernist women writers in scholarly journals. Burke left academia in 1990 to write full time.
I reviews, essays, and translations have appeared in many periodicals, including The New Yorker, The New York Times, Art in America, Art Press, Critical Inquiry, Heat, Sulfur, La Revue des Deux Mondes, La Nouvelle Revue Française, and La Règle du Jeu.
Career as biographer
Of Burke's first book, Becoming Modern: The Life of Mina Loy, The Washington Post wrote: “An amazing examination of ‘modern life.'” The New Republic noted, “In this superb biography, the first ever, Carolyn Burke does full justice to the mercurial nature of Loy's temperament, and offers judicious assessments of their work.” The Atlantic Monthly called the book “as much a history of early-twentieth-century aesthetics as it is a biography of a woman who took part in all the turmoil.” Choice called the book “a jewel of the biographer's art.”
Burke's next book, Lee Miller: A Life, was nominated for the 2005 Biography Award by the National Book Critics Circle and translated into French. The New York Sun called the book a “state-of-the-art biography."; The New York Times wrote that it “captures the excitement of Miller's omnivorous spirit.”; The Daily Telegraph (U.K.) noted, “Lee Miller was an astounding woman, brought memorably to life in this astounding book.”
Burke's third biography, No Regrets: The Life of Edith Piaf, was praised in The New York Times as “concise and gracefully written”; in Booklist: “a perceptive, supportive, even definitive biography”. The reviewer for the UK newspaper Daily Express wrote,“This book pays Piaf the supreme compliment of coming from both the heart and head of its author. You can feel a palpable love for their subject, and there's also clear-headed analysis of what made Piaf tick.” It has been translated into a number of languages including French.
Burke's next book, Foursome: Alfred Stieglitz, Georgia O'Keeffe, Paul Strand, Rebecca Salsbury was hailed by The Washington Post as “{a} sharp-eyed group portrait of two artistic couples. . . in astute, lucid prose.” The Wall Street Journal called the book “Fascinating. . . . compelling. . . .thoroughly researched and capacious.” The National Book Review observed: “In their deeply researched and richly imagined book, Burke focuses on two marriages in a way that amplifies the personal and artistic lives of a quartet of painters and photographers and magnifies their powerful influence on 20th century art—and on each other.”
Books
Biographies
Translations and edited collections
Interviews
Critical studies and reviews
References
External links
Carolyn Burke's official website
Carolyn Burke (author profile) at Random House.
Carolyn Burke archives on Mina Loy and Lee Miller, Beinecke Rare Book & Manuscript Library, Yale University, YCAL MSS 778.
American biographers
American women biographers
Living people
Columbia University alumni
1940 births
Princeton University faculty
University of California, Santa Cruz faculty
University of California, Davis faculty
Australian emigrants to the United States
Australian art critics
American art critics
American women academics
21st-century American women
Baytik (known as Orto Alysh before 1991) is a village in the Alamüdün District of Chüy Region, Kyrgyzstan. Its population was 3,236 in 2021. It is named after Baytik Kanat uulu (Baytik Baatyr), one of the leaders of the Solto tribe who fought the Kokand Khanate. Baytik was established in 1850.
References
Populated places in Chüy Region
Isabella in Black (also called Portrait of Isabella d'Este) is a portrait of a young woman by Titian. It can be dated to the 1530s and is in the Kunsthistorisches Museum in Vienna. The artist and the date are undisputed. Beyond the museum documentaton, there are repeated doubts about the person depicted.
Description
Depicted is a young woman as a half figure in a chair with an armrest against a dark background. They stare slightly to the left. Personal features are light blond curls, the (rare) eye colour light grey, flat eyebrows and a snub nose — overall not representing the ideal of beauty. On their head they wear a balzo (a fashion invention of Isabella d'Este (prototypes before 1509), but widely popular in northern Italy in the 1530s). Them clothes are dark, the sleeves green with patterns, a gold decorated shirt and a fur (probably lynx). The canvas is reputed to be trimmed on the left and right.
History
The painting passed from the Gonzaga collection in Mantua to the collection of Archduke Leopold Wilhelm of Austria, where it is listed as Catherine Cornaro ("Queen of Cyprus") in the inventory in 1659.
An engraving of a copy of the painting shows an inscription "E Titiani prototypo P. P. Rubens exc. Isabella Estensis Francisisci Gonzagae March. Matovae uxor". However, this inscription is three to four generations later and thus uncertain (cf. the mistaken baroque naming "Queen of Cyprus").
On the basis of this later inscription, Giovanni Battista Cavalcaselle assigned the painting to a commission from the 60-year-old Isabella d'Este, which has been recorded in letters: Titian was to paint their portrait in 1534 on the basis of a portrait (now considered lost) by Francesco Francia in 1511. Isabella commented on the portrait, completed in 1536, with "The portrait by Titian's hand is of such a pleasing type that we doubt that we were ever, at the age they represent, of such beauty that is contained in it." The lost Francia original had already been painted 25 years earlier in absentia on the basis of oral descriptions and a third-party drawing. And the drawing is assumed to be a more than ten year older one by Leonardo da Vinci (1499/1500). Isabella obviously wanted to be kept youthful and as an (ex-)beauty. Titian's other portrait of the aged Isabella d'Este (Isabella in Red, today only preserved by a Rubens copy in the same museum), had probably not pleased her, which is why this second commission is assumed.
In the 1930s, Wilhelm Suida and Leandro Ozzola opposed this naming as an idealisation of Isabella d'Este. Therefore, only artist and dating were documented as accepted by experts. In the catalogue of the Isabella d'Este exhibition in Vienna (1994), the painting was still marketed as "by the hand of Titian, the 'greatest portrait painter of all time', as the portrait that clearly represents her". The academic exhibition review again opposed: "but why, when engaged on so professional a face-lift, did Titian use so coarse a canvas?"
Identity of the sitter
The identification of Isabella in black is uncertain. Nevertheless, the picture is uncritically circulated as the most famous portrait of Isabella d'Este, e.g. in books, probably because it is a Titian original (and the rest of the colour identifications are only copies).
Isabella d'Este was so famous as 'Prima donna del Mondo' and fashion icon that nobles asked to be allowed to copy their dressing. After their death, depictions with balzo were uncritically identified (or marketed) as Isabella. By the end of the last century, all colour identifications were withdrawn due to resulting contradictions.
Exceptions are the three portraits in the Kunsthistorisches Museum, which remain contradictory (see graphic at right): Ambras miniature (anonymous 16th century), Isabella in Red (copy by Rubens c. 1606 after a lost original by Titian c. 1524-30), and Isabella in Black (Titian 1536).
Points of discussion in the identification in Isabella in Black are the lack of similarities and the lack of beauty idealisation. At the same time, Isabella's successor Margherita Paleologa shows matching personal characteristics to Isabella in Black (incl. the stiff facial expression). And in 1531 their commission to Titian is also documented.
Leandro Ozzola alternatively published La Bella (in the Palazzo Pitti in Florence) as Titian's portrait resp. idealisation after Francesco Francia.
See also
Portraits of Isabella d'Este
Literature
Francesco Valcanover: Das Gesamtwerk von Tizian. Rizzoli, Milan 1969.
Sylvia Ferino-Pagden: La Prima Donna del Mondo – Isabella d'Este. exhibition catalogue KHM Vienna. Vienna 1994.
References
Weblinks
Bilddatenbank Kunsthistorisches Museum
Isabella d'este
1530s paintings
Paintings in the collection of the Kunsthistorisches Museum
Portraits of women
Paintings in the collection of the Archduke Leopold Wilhelm of Austria
Gonzaga art collection
The Oval Four are four men—Winston Trew, Sterling Christie, George Griffiths and Constantine "Omar" Boucher—who were arrested by police at Oval tube station in March 1972 supposedly on suspicion of stealing passenger's handbags. The four were held overnight, and their trial eventually lasted five weeks. They were all found guilty of assaulting police officers and attempted theft in November 1972 and received sentences of two years in prison. Following an appeal led by John Platts-Mills, QC, their sentences were later reduced to eight months, although the convictions themselves were upheld, and Lord Justice Haymes commented that the reduction did not ameliorate the seriousness of their crimes. Christie was also convicted of stealing a female police officer's handbag. All four men subsequently appealed, which failed.
The officer responsible for their arrest, who was also the chief prosecution witness at their subsequent trial—Detective Sergeant Derek Ridgewell of the British Transport Police—was later tried and convicted for conspiracy of theft from the Royal Mail in 1980, where they received a seven-year sentence but died in Ford Prison two years later. The Criminal Cases Review Commission (CCRC) argues that Ridgewell—in charge of a group of undercover officers known as the Northern Line "Mugging Squad"— was known to confront young black men at tube stations, accuse them of theft, and then arrest them for resisting arrest, which they would back up with fictional, incriminatory remarks from the prisoner. If they resisted, a charge of assaulting a police officer was added to the charge sheet. This led to a number of "high-profile" cases, which began attracting attention after a judge threw out Ridgewell's case against two Jesuit students studying at Oxford University. The judge, Gwynn Morris summed up: "I find it terrible that, here in London, people using public transport should be pounced upon by police officers without a word." Following the case's collapse, Ridgwell was transferred to a unit investigating the theft of mail bags; however, they took the opportunity while there to join forces with thieves who would steal the bags and split the profits with Ridgewell.
Campaign for justice and quashing of the conviction
The following decades saw a campaign develop for the men's convictions to be examined, which included demonstrations and public meetings at Lambeth Town Hall. As a result of Ridgewell's corruption the four men's case was returned to the Court of Appeal in October 2019, which indicated that the case would review Ridgewell's "integrity". A number of Ridgewell's other cases had recently come before the appeal court, such as that of business person Stephen Simmons who was also found to have been framed. Their convictions were quashed on 5 December 2019 by Lord Chief Justice, Lord Burnett, in a judgement given alongside Mrs Justice McGowan and Sir Roderick Evans. Burnett stated that the appeal court recognised "an accumulating body of evidence that points to the fundamental unreliability of evidence given by DS Ridgewell...and others of this specialist group". The four men were all aged between 19 and 23 when they were arrested by police investigating crime on London Underground; Trew later claimed that they were all "given a good hiding there to confess to things we didn't do". The CCRC supported Trew's and Christie's appeal, although noted that they had not been able to discover the whereabouts of Griffiths or Boucher, whom they believed to have emigrated later that decade. Their cases will remain available to prosecute should they request it, said the CCRC, who made the referral, they said, because "the commission considers there is a real possibility that the court will quash the conviction on the basis of new evidence and arguments concerning the integrity of DS Ridgewell." They also suggested that the appeal had "potential significance" for others convicted following Ridgewell's investigation or testimony.
In November 2021, Lucy D'Orsi, the British Transport Police chief constable, apologised to black community in the United Kingdom "for the trauma suffered by the British African community through the criminal actions" of Ridgewell, adding that "In particular, it is of regret that we did not act sooner to end their criminalisation of British Africans, which led to the conviction of innocent people", and said their actions did "not define the BTP of today".
Related cases
The similar "Stockwell Six" case also involved Derek Ridgewell.
Notes
References
Further reading
Winston Trew. Black for a Cause... Not Just Because...: The case of the 'Oval 4' and the story it tells of Black Power in the 1970s. (2015)
1972 in England
1972 in British law
2019 in England
2019 in British law
Court of Appeal (England and Wales) cases
Overturned convictions in England
Quantified groups of defendants
Trials in England
Lee Byung-woo (; born January 22, 1965) is a South Korean guitarist and composer of film scores. They have composed music for more than twenty films, including the segment "Memories" in Three (2002), A Tale of Two Sisters (2003), All for Love (2005), The Host (2006) and Mother (2009).
Lee's music for A Tale of Two Sisters was described by OhmyNews as "one of the best film scores ever composed for a Korean film". They won Best Music at the 2004 Shanghai International Film Festival for Untold Scandal, and in 2006 their score for The King and the Clown won the same accolade at the Blue Dragon Film Awards. In 2007, Lee received a further Best Music nomination at the 44th Grand Bell Awards for For Horowitz.
Filmography
Three Friends (1996)
Kill the Love (1996)
My Beautiful Girl, Mari (2002)
My Beautiful Days (2002)
Three ("Memories") (2002)
A Tale of Two Sisters (2003)
Untold Scandal (2003)
Rules of Dating (2005)
The Red Shoes (2005)
All for Love (2005)
The King and the Clown (2005)
For Horowitz (2006)
The Host (2006)
Voice of a Murderer (2007)
Miracle on 1st Street (2007)
Soo (2007)
Bunt (2007)
My Son (2007)
Hansel and Gretel (2007)
Tokyo! (2008)
Haeundae (2009)
Mother (2009)
Harmony (2010)
Romantic Heaven (2010)
The Face Reader (2013)
Ode to My Father (2014)
References
"Gonggil's Theme", The Dong-a Ilbo, 10 May 2006. Retrieved on 26 October 2008.
Chun Su-jin, "You may not know their name but you've heard their music", JoongAng Daily, 19 July 2007. Retrieved on 26 October 2008.
"Music director of 'The Host' Lee, Byeong-Woo makes their first online game soundtrack", Koreacontent.org, 22 February 2008. Retrieved on 26 October 2008.
Han Sang-hee, "Guitarist Lee to Perform For Fans", The Korea Times, 20 October 2008. Retrieved on 26 October 2008.
External links
Lee Byung-woo at HanCinema
1965 births
Living people
South Korean film score composers
Peabody Institute alumni
Ordinary seaman is a military rank used in naval forces.
United Kingdom
In the Royal Navy in the middle of the 18th century, the term ordinary seaman was used to refer to a seaman with between one and two years' experience at sea, who showed enough seamanship to be so rated by their captain. A seaman with less than a year's experience was referred to as a landsman. One with more than two years' experience and considered "well acquainted with their duty" was referred to as an able seaman.
Later, the term was formalized as a rating for the lowest normal grade of seaman. They are not trained in any special task. They are required to work at physically hard tasks of great variety. One needs an Ordinary Seaman Certificate to obtain work. One can become an able seaman as a promotion from this position.
In the modern Royal Navy the rank of Able Seaman is achieved by all recruits on completion of basic training (HMS Raleigh) and subsequent intensive training in the specialisation of choice. Thus the rank of Ordinary Seaman is obsolete. This is in line with increasing technical specialisation and ability of RN personnel.
United States
Ordinary seaman was the second-lowest rank of the 19th century United States Navy, ranking above landsman and below seaman. Promotion from landsman to ordinary seaman required three years of experience or re-enlistment. An ordinary seaman who gained six years of experience and "knew the ropes", that is, knew the name and use of every line in the ship's rigging, could be promoted to seaman. An ordinary seaman's duties aboard ship included "handling and splicing lines, and working aloft on the lower mast stages and yards."
The rank existed from 1797 to 1917, when it was renamed "seaman second class". Seaman second class was later changed to the modern-day rank of seaman apprentice. The related ranks of ordinary seaman second class and ordinary seaman, engineer's force, existed in 1876–1885 and 1871–1883, respectively. The term is still in use in the United States Merchant Marine for entry-level deck personnel; the common abbreviation is OS.
Other countries
The term ordinary seaman is currently used in the Irish Naval Service.
In the Royal Canadian Navy, the rank of sailor third class (previously ordinary seaman until August 2020) may be further qualified by the suffix "(B)" or "(R)." The "(R)" indicates a recruit undergoing basic training, and is dropped on successful graduation from CFLRS Saint-Jean, the Canadian military's all-services recruit training centre. The "(B)" suffix is then appended while the sailor undergoes seamanship training, initial trade training and onboard qualification. Once fully qualified to stand watches, the "(B)" is struck from the rank abbreviation.
References
Bibliography
N.A.M. Roger. The Wooden World: An Anatomy of the Georgian Navy. W.W. Norton and Company, 1986.
Military ranks of the Commonwealth
Military ranks of Canada
Military ranks of Ireland
Military ranks of the Royal Navy
Military ranks of the United States Navy
West Jefferson High School may refer to:
West Jefferson High School (Idaho) in Terreton, Idaho
West Jefferson High School (Louisiana) in Jefferson Parish, Louisiana
West Jefferson High School (Ohio) in West Jefferson, Ohio
Cerrito Creek is one of the principal watercourses running out of the Berkeley Hills into San Francisco Bay in northern California. It is significant for its use as a boundary demarcation historically, as well as presently. In the early 19th century, it separated the vast Rancho San Antonio to the south from the Castro family's Rancho San Pablo to the north. Today, it marks part of the boundary between Alameda County and Contra Costa County. The main stem, running through a deep canyon that separates Berkeley from Kensington, is joined below San Pablo Avenue by a fan of tributaries, their lower reaches mostly in culverts. The largest of these is Middle or Blackberry Creek, a southern branch.
The creek is named for Albany Hill, formerly called Cerrito de San Antonio, a prominent (elevation 294 ft.) isolated hill on the shoreline of San Francisco Bay in Albany (The hill is now some distance inland due to Bay fill). Cerrito Creek, joined by a fan of other small creeks, formerly meandered to the Bay through a large marsh just north of the hill.
History
The creek played a part in history larger than its size. Because it divided the two land-grant ranches, it became the division between Alameda and Contra Costa counties. With Alameda County settled more densely in the early 20th-century boom that followed the San Francisco earthquake, the area just north of the county line became the home of jazz joints, gambling, brothels and other pursuits requiring a light hand from the law. This lasted until a post–World War II reform movement in the City of El Cerrito.
The marsh at the creek's mouth also played a curious bit part in history. Regarding such wetlands as useless, 19th- and 20th-century settlers set out to fill it, locating a slaughterhouse and dump there. An early 20th-century typhoid scare, however, led to closing of the dump. This left Berkeley, booming with new residents after the great San Francisco earthquake, without a place for its garbage. A new dump south of the hill was quickly arranged, in what is now the City of Albany. Women of that unincorporated area were upset, but they lacked the vote. One morning, they sought to turn back the garbage wagon with guns. Although they gave up when the sheriff ordered them to disperse, male residents who had formerly resisted incorporation then quickly voted to incorporate the city of Ocean View—soon renamed Albany to avoid confusion with the Oceanview district of Berkeley.
The marsh was eventually filled—rubble from dynamite making and quarrying on Albany Hill contributed. The creek was confined to a small channel, and in 1969 the City of El Cerrito built flood basins north of the creek in Creekside Park, a new park created as part of renewing the down-at-heel, flood-prone neighborhood that had grown up in the filled marsh. In 1953, the head of Stege Sanitary District wrote, "As late as 1920, records show a small lake bordered by marsh south of 'County Road No. 4' now Central, near Belmont. Nothing appears to justify use of this area for dwellings; and, the character of construction permitted in the past has involved a succession of unwise buyers of homes in losses and disappointments only partly compensated by sale to some newer victim."
Tides still rise and fall inland as far as Albany's and El Cerrito's Creekside Parks, respectively south and north of the creek. When a high tide coincides with winter storm runoff (greatly increased by the city's impermeable surfaces), the former marsh area can flood.
Restoration
Unsuccessful efforts to bring a portion of the creek out of a pipe when a former lumberyard became Albany Middle School in the 1990s led indirectly to the formation of Friends of Five Creeks, a citizens group. Volunteers with this group have worked since 1996 on this and other local creeks, principally removing invasives, planting natives, and installing amenities including signs and benches.
The City of El Cerrito is committed to a long-term plan to "daylight" the still-culverted reaches of the creek at the south edge of El Cerrito Plaza, between San Pablo Avenue and the Ohlone Greenway (regional pedestrian/bicycle route under the BART tracks). The cities of Albany and El Cerrito have adopted a long-term plan for a pedestrian-bicycle route mostly along the creek, connecting the Ohlone Greenway to the Bay Trail. This plan is gradually being carried out.
Friends of Five Creeks established some natives and placed a litter can at the short reach exposed at the Ohlone Greenway, but these plantings have repeatedly been devastated by maintenance workers. Between Talbot and Kains, adjacent to the El Cerrito Plaza shopping center, a state grant to the City of El Cerrito led to the channelized creek being re-contoured in 2003, giving it a more natural flow pattern, native vegetation, and a creekside trail. This project, maintained and improved by Friends of Five Creeks, has been successful.
The channelized south bank between San Pablo Avenue and Pierce Street was "torn up" by a sewer replacement project in 1998–99 Pierce Street. As part of that project, the Urban Creeks Council was instrumental in having the old sewer pipe broken up so that steelhead could again access Middle Creek. (These anadromous fish have been observed in the creek but there is no evidence of recent successful reproduction.) The City of Albany used mitigation funds to establish native vegetation on the north bank, but the project was rapidly re-invaded by invasives such as blackberry, Cape ivy, and morning glory when that money ran out.
Friends of Five Creeks began intensive work between San Pablo and Pierce in 2000, beginning on the north bank at Pacific East Mall, carrying out restoration required in the mall's use permit. Tasks included removing fencing, building a creekside trail, removing evergreen thornless blackberries that formed thickets more than high and spanned the creek, and establishing native vegetation. This revegetation has been reasonably successful, although the mall's maintenance contractors sprayed much of the grassland areas with herbicide, and these native grasses have never been re-established. The mall was required to re-plant shrubs, carry out long-promised pollution reduction, and improve its maintenance as a result of this incident.
Since 2004, Friends of Five Creeks volunteers have focused on the reach from Adams Street downstream to Pierce Street. The largest task continues to be removing evergreen thornless blackberry, which quickly clogs the creek and increases flooding. With help from both cities, volunteers also have removed other invasives, planted natives, and installed amenities such as benches, signs, and a table in the Creekside Parks facing each other in Albany and El Cerrito. Parkland extends to most of Albany Hill, with grasslands, a willow grove at the mouth of Middle Creek, and mature oak forest on the steep north face of the hill. Thus this complex is an unusual island of urban green space and habitat surrounded by city. Wildlife includes sticklebacks, Pacific chorus frogs, herons, egrets, kingfishers, ducks, hawks, raccoons, and deer.
See also
Baxter Creek
Codornices Creek
Fluvius Innominatus (Central Creek)
List of watercourses in the San Francisco Bay Area
References
External links
Friends of Five Creeks
Rivers of Alameda County, California
Rivers of Contra Costa County, California
Berkeley Hills
Tributaries of San Francisco Bay
Albany, California
Bodies of water of Richmond, California
El Cerrito, California
Geography of Berkeley, California
Rivers of Northern California
Ellen Jayne Wheeler (born October 9, 1961 in Glendale, California) is an American actor, director and producer. They have appeared in several soap operas, including Another World and All My Children. In 1986, they won the Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Younger Actress in a Drama Series for their work as twins Marley and Vicky Love Hudson on Another World. In 1988, they won another Daytime Emmy for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series for their work as Cindy Parker Chandler on All My Children. Wheeler's character was one of the first characters with AIDS on daytime television. Wheeler also made a memorable guest appearance as Phyllis Wicke in the 1991 primetime revival of the gothic soap opera Dark Shadows.
In 1996, they starred in the Star Trek: Deep Space Nine episode, "The Quickening".
In 1998, they briefly reprised the role of Marley on Another World. Rather than have the same actor play the role of both twins, the show made the decision to have Wheeler, the first actor to play the twins, portray Marley, and have actor Jensen Buchanan continue to play Vicky; their differences in appearance (other than a considerable height and build difference which were never addressed) were explained by plastic surgery after Marley was disfigured in a fire.
Wheeler was once married to their Another World costar, Tom Eplin. They were married during the time that their characters Vicky/Marley and Jake were involved.
Directing and producing
During the final season of Another World, Wheeler drew on their stage directorial experience and was invited by AW's executive producer, Chris Goutman, to direct a few episodes of the show.
After the cancellation of Another World in 1999, they continued their focus on directing. While continuing to act, they directed several episodes of As the World Turns and finally became part of the directorial team at As the World Turns.
After two seasons with ATWT, Wheeler worked as an associate producer at another Procter & Gamble serial, Guiding Light. They returned to ATWT and directed episodes of the show for several years, until they were appointed executive producer of Guiding Light in April 2004, a position they would hold until the final episode of the show in September 2009. Under their direction, the show named a new head writer, David Kreizman, and in 2008, they created a four-person head writing team; in addition to Kreizman, that team includes Lucky Gold, Chris Dunn and executive story editor (and eventual head writer) Jill Lorie Hurst.
Wheeler is credited with Guiding Light's transition to a new filming method. The show moved away from traditional three-camera filming in a "proscenium" stage setting, and in early 2008 began to broadcast episodes that were recorded on digital cameras. The show rebuilt smaller, more realistic sets in its studio and utilized several other interior and exterior sets in a New Jersey town (adjacent to New York City, where GL is produced).
In 2007, Wheeler launched Guiding Lights 70th anniversary (the longest running show in history) by volunteering their cast and crew on a charity and service campaign known as "Find Your Light", encouraging viewers to participate alongside actors, directors and crew members in work for the homeless and other deserving groups and individuals across the country.
Despite Wheeler's efforts to save the show, CBS cancelled the program on April 1, 2009. The final episode was broadcast on September 18, 2009.
Glenn Beck collaboration
In 2015, Glenn Beck announced that Wheeler would be working with them to create and produce content.
Personal life
Wheeler is a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. They live with their husband and children in Utah
Positions held
All My Children
Actress: Cindy Parker Chandler (1987–1989, 2001) and Karen Parker (1989)
Another World
Actress: Marley Love (1984—1986, 1998–1999) and Vicky Hudson (1985–1986)
The Bold and the Beautiful
Actress: Sarah (1995; guest)
As the World Turns
Director (August 1999-July 2002 (hired by Christopher Goutman), January 2003 – March 2004, February 4, 2010 – September 17, 2010)
Actress: Marley Hudson (Cameos from 2000–2003)
Dark Shadows
Actress: Phyllis Wicke (1991, five-episode guest appearance)
Guiding Light
Executive Producer (March 16, 2004 – September 18, 2009)
Head writer (March 2008 – April 2008)
Producer (July 2002 – January 2003)
Awards and nominationsDaytime Emmy WIN (2007; Best Drama Series; Guiding Light)
Daytime Emmy NOMINATION (2001-2003; Best Directing; As the World Turns)Daytime Emmy WIN (1988; Best Supporting Actress; All My Children)Daytime Emmy WIN''' (1986; Best Younger Actress; Another World'')
References
External links
1961 births
American Latter Day Saints
American soap opera actores
Living people
Soap opera producers
American soap opera writers
Actresses from Hollywood, Los Angeles
Daytime Emmy Award winners
Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series winners
Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Younger Actress in a Drama Series winners
Screenwriters from California
American women television producers
American women television writers
Women soap opera writers
21st-century American women writers
Stearns Square is an urban, city square located in Springfield, Massachusetts, United States, in the heart of Metro Center's Club Quarter. It was designed by the sculptor Augustus Saint-Gaudens and the landscape architect Stanford White, to accompany Saint-Gaudens' statue, The Puritan.
History
Augustus Saint Gaudens' The Puritan and Stanford White's planned landscape environment were meant to aid in the transformation of northern Metro Center Springfield from a neighborhood of immigrant housing into a grandiose district, with a state-of-the-art railroad station, (the grand Union Station,) a famous theater, (The Paramount;) and luxury hotels such as the Hotel Kimball. The park and the statue were unveiled on Thanksgiving, 1887. Then, however, as now, the area was Springfield's bawdy Club Quarter, and thus by December 1888, the landscaped environment and the viewing enclave's intent had been destroyed. By 1899 the Deacon Chapin figure had been moved into Merrick Park located just outside the Quadrangle. The other accouterments created for Stearns Square were placed in storage. Unfortunately, no trace remained of the architect and sculptor's landscaped arena and their socializing intent.
References
Tourist attractions in Springfield, Massachusetts
Music venues in Massachusetts
Nightclubs in Massachusetts
Dance venues in the United States
Squares in Massachusetts
Parks in Springfield, Massachusetts
Urban public parks
On June 16, 2015, shortly after midnight, five Irish J-1 visa students and one Irish-American died and seven others were injured after a balcony on which they were standing collapsed. The group was celebrating a 21st birthday party in Berkeley, California. The balcony was on the 5th floor of an apartment building at 2020 Kittredge Street in Berkeley, then called Library Gardens. The district attorney of Alameda County launched a criminal probe into the incident. In January 2022, one of the injured died from a stroke related to the injuries.
In June 2015 Mayor Tom Bates of Berkeley promised a wide-ranging investigation into the cause of the accident. The evidence is overwhelming that dry rot from improper construction caused the collapse, not the weight of the 13 students.
Although, as the immediate aftermath photos show, the proximate cause was dry rot, which is caused by excessive moisture intrusion into the supporting wood framing, undermining its structural integrity, the only known investigation report fails to definitively identify the source of moisture, its entry route(s), or the mechanism(s) of its transport. It simply lists 11 "factors which appear to have contributed" without discussion of their relative importance, whether any of the factors was a necessary condition, or which combination of factors were sufficient. The report's format further obfuscates with extensive redactions (some of which are incomplete and thus gratuitous) and by publishing only a poor-quality scan of printouts of the reports. Architect Robert Perry, the author of the as-built vs. as-designed report, focuses exclusively on rainwater entry into the building envelope, and makes observations that appear to be at odds with the evidence. For example, they claim that "dry rot damage [in the collapsed balcony] had occurred along the top of the cantilever balcony deck joists". But the immediate post-collapse photos show that these joists had already disintegrated to the point that they were unidentifiable. Furthermore, they fail to address strong evidence for vapor transport within the building envelope resulting in concealed condensation in the deck's joist cavities. The deck was on the north-facing wall of the building, and has little or no sun exposure for most of the year. The deck joists, made of an engineered wood product known as laminated veneer lumber, were fully enclosed on its exterior surfaces by vapor barrier membranes, yet open to the main building's joist cavities. The deck's joist cavity temperature is dominated by exposure to the outdoor environment, while the interior joist cavity temperature is dominated by the conditioned spaces sandwiched above and below, the latter being warmer most of the time. This configuration causes the deck's joist cavities to condense water vapor supplied by the interior and retain it as liquid, creating optimum conditions for the growth of wood-destroying fungus commonly called dry rot.
Two independent and detailed reviews of the structural design found no deficiencies in the deck's load-bearing capacity. As designed and built, and absent the dry rot, the deck would have easily supported itself and the 13 people. But with the joists rotted to powder, the only remaining strength was in the ceramic enclosure, which consisted of the unreinforced concrete deck and stucco soffit and walls. The resulting ceramic box beam, devoid of its former LVL joists, and not intended as a structural support, was vulnerable to brittle failure without warning.
Pre-collapse exterior views of the collapsed fifth-floor balcony and the identical fourth-floor balcony are available in Google Street View.
Victims
Six people died in the immediate aftermath of the collapse. They were identified as 22-year-old Ashley Donohoe, and Olivia Burke, Eoghan Culligan, Niccolai "Nick" Schuster, Lorcán Miller and Eimear Walsh, all aged 21. All six were Irish and from Dublin. On 2 January 2022, survivor Aoife Beary died of a stroke, the consequence of injuries sustained in the collapse.
Investigation
Alameda County prosecutors opened up an investigation in the accident on June 25. They stated that involuntary manslaughter charges could be filed. On that day, District Attorney Nancy O'Malley denied that pressure from the Irish community led to the collapse inquiry. On July 3, 2015, the Alameda County Superior Court rejected a restraining order bid by Segue Builders, a construction company, against the examination of evidence. O'Malley had argued the granting of a restraining order would interfere with their duty to investigate the tragedy.
Funerals
A joint funeral service for Olivia Burke and their cousin Ashley Donohoe took place on June 20, four days after the collapse, in a church in Cotati, California. Funeral services were held in Dublin for the other victims.
Litigation
In December 2015 a court was told that the collapse happened because contractors cut corners to save costs and that the management company for the building, Greystar Real Estate Partners, ignored a "red flag" when students who rented the apartment complained about mushrooms growing on the balcony. Legal cases by some of the victims were set to be combined and heard together. By the end of 2017 it was reported that most of the lawsuits had been settled.
References
2015 disasters in the United States
2015 in California
21st century in Berkeley, California
Building collapses in 2015
Ireland–United States relations
Building collapses in the United States
The following is a list of parks and gardens in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan. Many of them are maintained by the Karachi Metropolitan Corporation.
Public parks
5B Park (Phool Bagh), North Nazimabad Town
Afza Altaf Park
Agha Khan Park
Allah Rakha Park
Aladin Park
Amina Park
Amir Khusro, Clifton Cantonment
Anu Bhai Park
Aram Bagh Saddar Town
Askari Amusement Park Gulshan-e-Iqbal Town
Aunty Park, Clifton Cantonment
Aziz Bhatti Park Gulshan-e-Iqbal Town
Baara Dari Park, North Nazimabad Town
Babul Islam Play Ground New Karachi Town
Bagh Ibne Qasim Clifton Cantonment
Baloch Park Saddar Town
Baradari Old Polo Ground
Bedhwar Library, Park Jamshed Town
Beach View Park, Clifton Cantonment
Boat Basin Park, Clifton Cantonment
Botanical Garden, Gulshan-e-Iqbal Town
Bukhari Shah Park Kharadar
Cantonment Park Malir Cantonment
Central Park, Taiser Town
Central Park, Sector T, Gulshan-e-Maymar, Taiser Town
Chandni Chowk Park
Chhatree ( Umbrella ) Park, Taiser Town
Corniche Park Clifton Cantonment
Dehli Park, Lyari Town
Dolphin Beach Park, Clifton Cantonment
F Block Playground, North Nazimabad Town
Fatima Zehra Park
Gabol Park Lyari Town
Go AishGulshan-e-Iqbal Town
Hasa Singh Park, Jamshed Town
Hasrat Mohani Model Park
Hill Park, Jamshed Town
Ibn-e-Insha Park, North Nazimabad Town
Jahangir ParkSaddar Town
Jam 11, Football Ground, Malir Town
Jama Masjid Park, Lyari Town
Jamaluddin Afghani Park
Johar Park
Kamal Park Gulshan-e-Iqbal Town
Kashmir Park, Jamshed Town
Kernal Park, Jamshed Town
Khayyal Das ParkSaddar Town
Khori Garden, Lyari Town
Khaja Nazimuddin Family Park
Khatoon Park, Orangi Town
Kidney Hill Park, Gulshan Town
Kite Park
Kutchi Memon Park
Lala Gul Park 11/A, New Karachi Town
Liaquat Park
Lucknow Chhota Park Korangi Town
Lucknow Bara Park, Korangi Town
Maulana Mohammad Ali Jauhar Park
Metroville SITE Town Park, Orangi Town
Mir Usman Park, Lyari Town
Mohammadi Park
Moulvi Usman Park, Lyari Town
Mudassir Park Gulshan-e-Iqbal Town
Mujahid Shaheed Model Park Korangi Town
Naveen Bhai Ground Lyari Town
New International Stadium, Baldia Town
Nisar Shaheed Park, Clifton Cantonment
Nishtar Park Jamshed Town
Park, Taiser Town
Park Orangi Town, Orangi Town
Parsi Colony Park Jamshed Town
Partab Singh Park, Saddar Town
Playground 5A/3 New Karachi Town
Professor Rafiq Chohan Park, Saddar Town
Sabri Park
Sohrab Katrak Park Jamshed Town
The Forum Clifton Cantonment Board ParkClifton Cantonment
Tikon Park Clifton Cantonment
Usmania Family Park Gulshan-e-Iqbal Town
Zamzama Park, Clifton Cantonment
Alakhwan Park, New Karachi Town
National parks
National Park SITE Town
Kirthar National Park
Private parks
Dreamworld Resort, Super Highway
Jaan Farmhouse
Jabees Playland, Clifton
Shamsi farmhouse Malir Cantonment
Sindbad, Rashid Minhas Road
Gardens
Bagh Ibne Qasim
Bagh-e-Jinnah, Karachi
Jheel Park, Jamshed Town
Karachi Zoological Gardens, Garden Road
Safari Park Gulshan-e-Iqbal Town
Talimi Bagh
Playgrounds
CAA Club Jogging Track Faisal Cantonment
Al Jafar Playground
Bangalore Town Ground Gulshan-e-Iqbal Town
F Block Playground North Nazimabad Town
Fateh Bagh North Nazimabad Town
Jinnah Ground Gulberg Town
KGA Grounds Jamshed Town
Karachi Parsi Institute Jamshed Town
Khajji Ground
Kokan Ground Gulshan-e-Iqbal Town
Pakistan Association for Deaf (pad) Ground
Railway Ground
National Bank of Pakistan Sports Complex
Shaheen Ground
Sharfabad Cricket Ground Gulshan-e-Iqbal Town
Yousuf Suleman Mulai Ground Gulshan-e-Iqbal Town
Zahid Ground Gulbarg Town
Goal football/cricket ground model colony
Golf and Country clubs
Acacia Country and Golf Club Faisal Cantonment
Defence Authority Country and Golf Club Clifton Cantonment
Karachi Golf Club Faisal Cantonment
Gulmohar Golf Club Malir Cantonment
Arabian Sea Country Club Bin Qasim Town
See also
List of parks and gardens in Pakistan
List of parks and gardens in Lahore
List of urban parks by size
External links
Parks In Karachi - CDGK
Garden Landscaping In Karachi
Ibad orders master plan for each park - DAWN.com
Urban Landscape - Aamir Kanji Gardens Building
Gardens in Pakistan
Parks
Karachi
Karachi
Environment of Karachi
Tourist attractions in Karachi
Heliotrygon rosai, the Rosa's round ray, is a species of freshwater fish in the family Potamotrygonidae. It is native to the Amazon basin (Marajó to Peru) in South America. Its maximum disc width is and the stinger is greatly reduced, rendering it virtually harmless. It has not been evaluated by the IUCN red list.
References
Potamotrygonidae
Freshwater fish of Brazil
Freshwater fish of Peru
Fish of the Amazon basin
Fish described in 2011
The Mayotte sunbird (Cinnyris coquerellii) is a species of bird in the family Nectariniidae.
It is endemic to Mayotte and surrounding islets in the southeastern Comoros.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
References
BirdLife International 2004. Nectarinia coquerellii. 2006 IUCN Red List of Threatened Species. Downloaded on 26 July 2007.
Mayotte sunbird
Birds of Mayotte
Mayotte sunbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
National Intelligence Agency may refer to
Agencia Nacional de Inteligencia, Chile
National Intelligence Agency (Somaliland)
National Intelligence Agency (Democratic Republic of the Congo)
National Intelligence Agency (Nigeria)
National Intelligence Agency (South Africa)
National Intelligence Agency, now the State Intelligence Services (The Gambia)
National Intelligence Agency (Thailand)
National Investigation Agency (India)
See also
Defence Intelligence Agency (disambiguation)
National Security Agency (disambiguation)
State Security Agency (disambiguation)
RIL may refer to:
Radio Interface Layer, a software interface used in a mobile device to communicate via mobile networks
RDF Inference Language, a means of expressing expert systems rules and queries that operate on RDF models
Reliance Industries Limited, a corporation in India
Rice Lane railway station, England; National Rail station code RIL
Recombinant Inbred Lines, a population derived from multiply inbred strains in order to study complex genetic traits which normally have large variation for a specific trait/traits
The FAA and IATA identifier for Garfield County Regional Airport in Rifle, Colorado
Randesund IL
See also
Rill
The Craig and Virginia Sheaffer House, also known as the John and Marion Keenan House, is a historic residence located in Fort Madison, Iowa, United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
Craig Sheaffer served as the president of the Sheaffer Pen Company, which had been established by their father Walter, and as an Under Secretary of Commerce during part of World War II. The house is part of a complex of houses built by the Sheaffer family. The Walter A. Sheaffer House just to the west of this house is also listed on the National Register. The other two houses were built for Craig and Virginia's sons Walter and John. John and Marion Keenan bought this house from the Sheaffer family. They also served as president of the Sheaffer Pen Company.
The Craig and Virginia Sheaffer House is a large Tudor Revival completed in 1929. It was designed by the Chicago architectural firm of Mayo and Mayo. The north and south elevations of the 2½-story house are long. It is located on a landscaped property on a bluff overlooking the Mississippi River. The landscaping, completed in 1931, is a contributing site in the house's historic nomination. The exterior is mostly composed of textured brick laid in both patterned and Flemish bond coursing. Some of the gables are faced with limestone while other wall surfaces are composed of a mix of brick and stone. One of the gables and another section of the house feature half-timbering composed of cypress wood and stucco infill.
References
Houses completed in 1929
Tudor Revival architecture in Iowa
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Iowa
National Register of Historic Places in Lee County, Iowa
Houses in Fort Madison, Iowa
The 2016 Atlantic Sun Conference Baseball Tournament was held at Ken Dugan Field at Stephen Lee Marsh Stadium on the campus of Lipscomb University in Nashville, Tennessee from May 25 through 28. Sixth-seeded won their seventh tournament championship and claimed the Atlantic Sun Conference's automatic bid to the 2016 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament.
Format and seeding
The 2016 tournament was a double-elimination tournament in which the top six of the conference's eight members participated. Seeds were determined based on conference winning percentage from the round-robin regular season.
Bracket and results
{{6Team2ElimA
| RD1-seed1=1
| RD1-team1=
| RD1-score1=7
| RD1-seed2=6
| RD1-team2=
| RD1-score2=13
| RD1-seed3=2
| RD1-team3=
| RD1-score3=12
| RD1-seed4=5
| RD1-team4=
| RD1-score4=6
| RD1-seed5=3
| RD1-team5=
| RD1-score5=8
| RD1-seed6=4
| RD1-team6=
| RD1-score6=10
| RD2-seed1=6
| RD2-team1=Stetson
| RD2-score1=9
| RD2-seed2=3
| RD2-team2=Jacksonville
| RD2-score2=7
| RD2-seed3=2
| RD2-team3=North Florida
| RD2-score3=1
| RD2-seed4=4
| RD2-team4=Lipscomb
| RD2-score4=0
| RD2-seed5=1
| RD2-team5=Kennesaw State
| RD2-score5=0
| RD2-seed6=5
| RD2-team6=Florida Gulf Coast
| RD2-score6=6
| RD3-seed1=6
| RD3-team1=Stetson
| RD3-score1=7
| RD3-seed2=2
| RD3-team2=North Florida
| RD3-score2=6
| RD3-seed3=5
| RD3-team3=Florida Gulf Coast
| RD3-score3=8
| RD3-seed4=4
| RD3-team4=Lipscomb
| RD3-score4=6
| RD4-seed1=2
| RD4-team1=North Florida
| RD4-score1=2
| RD4-seed2=5
| RD4-team2=Florida Gulf Coast
| RD4-score2=3| RD5-seed1=6
| RD5-team1=Stetson| RD5-score1a=5| RD5-score1b=—
| RD5-seed2=5
| RD5-team2=Florida Gulf Coast
| RD5-score2a=4
| RD5-score2b=—
}}
All-Tournament Team
The following players were named to the All-Tournament Team.
Most Valuable PlayerCory Reid''' was named Tournament Most Valuable Player. Reid was a third baseman for Stetson who drove in 8 runs and recorded six extra base hits for the tournament.
References
ASUN Conference Baseball Tournament
Tournament
Atlantic Sun Conference Baseball Tournament
Atlantic Sun Baseball Tournament
Marco "Blacky" Schwarz (born 16 August 1995) is an Austrian World Cup alpine ski racer. They focus on the technical events of slalom and giant slalom, as well as the combined (a mixture of speed and technical disciplines) and in which he's the current World Champion.
Career
Schwarz competed for Austria at the 2012 Winter Youth Olympics in the alpine skiing and won three gold medals; in the boys' combined, the parallel mixed team event, and the boys' giant slalom.
Schwarz made their World Cup debut in November 2014 at age 19. They achieved their first World Cup podium in December 2015; third place in a slalom at Madonna di Campiglio, Italy, behind winner Henrik Kristoffersen and runner-up Marcel Hirscher.
World Cup results
Season titles
1 title – (1 SL)
Season standings
Race podiums
4 wins – (2 SL, 1 PS, 1 AC)
15 podiums – (12 SL, 2 PS, 1 AC)
World Championship results
{| class="wikitable" style="font-size:95%; text-align:center; border:grey solid 1px; border-collapse:collapse;" width="40%"
|- style="background-color:#369; color:white;"
|rowspan="2" colspan="1" width="4%"|Year
|- style="background-color:#4180be; color:white;"
| width="3%"|Age
| width="5%"|Slalom
| width="5%"|GiantSlalom
| width="5%"|Super-G
| width="5%"|Downhill
| width="5%"|Combined
| width="5%"|Parallel
| width="4%"|Teamevent
|- style="background-color:#8CB2D8; color:white;"
|-
|-
| 2017|| 21 || 7 || — || — || — || — || NH || —
|-
| 2019|| 23 || style="background:#cc9966;"|3 || 5 || — || — ||style="background:#cc9966;"| 3 || NH || style="background:silver;"|2
|-
| 2021|| 25 || DNF2 || style="background:#cc9966;"|3 || — || — ||bgcolor=gold| 1 || 18|| —
|}
Olympic results
References
External links
1995 births
Austrian male alpine skiers
Living people
Alpine skiers at the 2012 Winter Youth Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 2022 Winter Olympics
Olympic alpine skiers of Austria
Medalists at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Olympic medalists in alpine skiing
Olympic silver medalists for Austria
Sportspeople from Villach
Youth Olympic gold medalists for Austria
Frederick W. Krez (October 22, 1899 – January 25, 1969) was an American politician and business person.
Born in Sheboygan, Wisconsin, Krez served in the United States Marine Corps during World War I. They went to Ripon College and then received their bachelor's degree from University of Wisconsin and their law degree from University of Wisconsin Law School. Krez practiced law in Plymouth, Wisconsin where they had lived. In 1931, Krez served in the Wisconsin State Assembly and was a Republican. Krez died of a heart attack in Chicago, Illinois. They were working in the Federal Estate and Gift Tax Division in Chicago at the time of their death, but still lived in Plymouth, Wisconsin. Their father was Paul T. Krez who was the Sheboygan County judge and their grandfather was Conrad Krez who also served in the Wisconsin State Assembly.
Notes
1899 births
1969 deaths
Politicians from Sheboygan, Wisconsin
Ripon College (Wisconsin) alumni
University of Wisconsin–Madison alumni
University of Wisconsin Law School alumni
Military personnel from Wisconsin
Illinois lawyers
Wisconsin lawyers
Members of the Wisconsin State Assembly
20th-century American politicians
People from Plymouth, Wisconsin
20th-century American lawyers
Robert Sherman (born July 1932) is an American radio broadcaster, author, music critic, writer, and educator. They achieved success as a host of such radio programs as the folk music program Woody's Children and The Listening Room, which were broadcast by WQXR in New York City. As an author, Sherman has been a music critic and columnist for The New York Times for more than forty years as well as writing numerous books, including two bestsellers they co-authored with pianist and comedian Victor Borge.  They are the author of the book The Complete Idiot's Guide to Classical Music, published in 1997. They have served at the faculty of the Juilliard School for nearly twenty years.
Career
Sherman, born to famous pianist Nadia Reisenberg (and the nephew of noted thereminist Clara Rockmore) began their broadcasting career at the radio station WQXR in New York City as a typist-clerk, eventually working their way up to being a program director and then senior consultant. In 1969, they began hosting the popular radio folk program Woody's Children. In 1970, The Listening Room debuted with Sherman as host, and was picked up to be nationally broadcast.
Sherman soon extended their talents to the television format when they began hosting the program Vibrations on PBS and Camera Three on CBS, both in 1972. During this time, they continued working at WQXR, hosting several more radio programs from the late 1970s to the 2000s.
In 1964, Sherman began contributing regularly to The New York Times as both a music columnist and critic and in 1969, they began their career as a lecturer and educator at New York University, teaching there for almost twenty years. In 1971 and 1980, respectively, Sherman published two bestselling books: My Favorite Intermissions and My Favorite Comedies in Music, in collaboration with Victor Borge.
Robert Sherman is also a concert narrator for such groups as the Greenwich Symphony and Canadian Brass. They serve on the advisory boards of a multitude of cultural organizations, where they perform such duties as competition judge, pre-concert lecturer, panel moderator, and fundraising emcee. They host the Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts presentation of the annual Avery Fisher Career Grants and hosts and produces the McGraw-Hill Companies' Young Artists Showcase.
Other ventures
Sherman has spent many years preserving the memories of both their mother, the pianist Nadia Reisenberg, and their aunt, noted thereminist Clara Rockmore, through the management of biographies, memorial events, and the writing of commentaries on their recordings. In collaboration with their brother, Alexander Sherman, Robert Sherman has completed the project of releasing a book about their mother, entitled Nadia Reisenberg: A Musician's Scrapbook, which was published by The International Piano Archives in Maryland in 1986. Sherman was also a part of Clara Rockmore's Lost Theremin Album release in 2006 on Bridge Records.
References
External links
Robert Sherman Collection - Special Collections in Performing Arts, University of Maryland, College Park
Woody's Children Radio official website
1932 births
Living people
American music critics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Juilliard School faculty
Critics employed by The New York Times
Educators from New York City
WFUV people
Ghost cell glaucoma (GCG) is a type of secondary glaucoma occurs due to long standing vitreous hemorrhage. The rigid and less pliable degenerated red blood cells (ghost cells) block the trabecular meshwork and increase the pressure inside eyes.
Pathophysiology
The ghost cells develop within the vitreous cavity, 1–3 weeks after vitreous hemorrhage. They obstruct the trabecular meshwork and eventually the pressure inside eye (intraocular pressure) increases and leads to glaucoma. A variety of ocular conditions may cause GCG. Main causes include ocular trauma, diabetes, sickle cell disease, uveitis, UGH syndrome, many eye surgeries etc.
Signs and symptoms
Myriad small cells may be seen in the aqueous humor during slit lamp examination. Intraocular pressure rises up to 30 to 70 mm Hg. The increased intraocular pressure may cause blurring of vision, headache, brow ache, nausea and/or vomiting. The angle of anterior chamber is seen open with gonioscopy.
Complications
If the increased intraocular pressure is uncontrolled, it may lead to optic nerve damage and irreversible visual impairment.
Treatment
The condition usually resolves once the vitreous hemorrhage has cleared. But, depending on the seriousness of the increased intraocular pressure, medical or surgical treatment may be advised. If IOP is not so high, medical therapy with aqueous suppressants is preferred. Surgery is advised if the intraocular pressure remains in 40- to 50-mm Hg range even after medical therapy. Anterior chamber can be cleaned by making a small paracentesis in the cornea and irrigating the anterior chamber with a saline solution. Repeat evacuation and aspiration are required if myriad cells accumulate again in anterior chamber.
History
Campbell et al. described Ghost cell glaucoma in 1976. Campbell and Grant described the condition and given the name ghost cell glaucoma. Fenton and Zimmerman called it hemolytic glaucoma.
References
Glaucoma
Saint Mary of the Mongols (full name in Greek: Θεοτόκος Παναγιώτισσα (pr. Theotókos Panaghiótissa, lit. "All-Holy Theotokos") or Παναγία Μουχλιώτισσα (pr. Panaghía Muchliótissa); Turkish name: Kanlı Kilise (meaning: Bloody Church), is an Eastern Orthodox church in Istanbul. It is one of the only remaining Byzantine churches of Constantinople that has never been converted to a mosque, always remaining open to the Greek Orthodox Church.
Location
The church, which usually is not open to the public and lies behind a high wall, is located in the neighborhood of Fener, Fatih district. It lies on Tevkii Cafer Mektebi Sokak, at the summit of a slope overlooking the Golden Horn, and near to the imposing building of the Phanar Greek Orthodox College.
History
At the beginning of the 7th century, Princess Sopatra (daughter of the Byzantine Emperor Maurikios), and their friend Eustolia built a nunnery on the slope of the fifth hill of Constantinople. The ground, which was bestowed by the Emperor, lay north of the Cistern of Aspar and had been used up to then as a cemetery. The building was dedicated to Saint Eustolia. During the 11th century, a monastery was added. It was dedicated to All Saints, and had a close relationship with the monastery of the Great Lavra, on mount Athos. During the Latin domination after the Fourth Crusade, the monastery disappeared.
In 1261, after the reconquest of the city by the Byzantines, Isaac Doukas, father-in-law of George Acropolites and maternal uncle of Michael VIII Palaiologos, rebuilt a simple, one-storey monastery, dedicated to the Theotokos Panaghiotissa. In 1266, the building was enlarged, and a painter, named Modestos, decorated it.
In 1281, Maria Palaiologina, illegitimate daughter of Emperor Michael VIII and widow of Abaqa, Khan of the Mongolian Il-Khanate, returned to Constantinople after an absence of 15 years.  They are said to have rebuilt the nunnery and the church (which then assumed the shape still seen today), deserving the title of Ktētorissa ("foundress") of that complex, and retired there until their death. Since that time, the nunnery and the church got the appellation of Mouchliōtissa ("of the Mongols" in Greek). After their death the convent decayed, because their heirs used the properties of the nunnery for their purposes, and had even raised a mortgage on them. Finally the nuns started a suit with the heirs first before the Emperor, and then before the Patriarch. The heirs presented as proof of their right an imperial chrysobull certifying the purchase of the nunnery from Maria Palaiologina, but the document was deemed false, so that the Patriarchate restored the rights of the nuns. The nunnery existed until the end of the Empire, then was abandoned.
On May 29, 1453, the day of the Fall of Constantinople, the surroundings of the building saw the last desperate resistance of the Greeks against the invading Ottomans. Due to that, the church got the Turkish name Kanlı Kilise ("Church of the Blood"), and the road that leads to it from the Golden Horn is still named the Ascent of the Standard Bearer (Turkish: Sancaktar yokuşu), in honour of an Ottoman standard bearer who found their death fighting here.
Tradition holds that Sultan Mehmed II endowed the church to the mother of Christodoulos, the Greek architect of the mosque of Fatih, in acknowledgment of their work. The grant was confirmed by Bayazid II, in recognition of the services of the nephew of Christodoulos, who built the mosque bearing that sultan's name.
Under Sultans Selim I and Ahmed II there were two Ottoman attempts to convert the church into a mosque (the last one, pursued by Grand Vizier Ali Koprülü at the end of the seventeenth century, was thwarted by Dimitrie Cantemir) but, thanks to the grants of Mehmed II and Bayazid II, the church remained a parish of the Greek community. Thus, Saint Mary of the Mongols is one among the few Byzantine churches of Istanbul whose ancient dedication was never forgotten.
Damaged several times (in 1633, 1640 and 1729) by fires that ravaged Fener, the building was repaired and enlarged, losing altogether its primitive elegance. At the end of nineteenth century a small school was built close to it, and in 1892 a small bell tower was added. In 1955, the church was damaged during the anti-Greek Istanbul Pogrom, but since then it has been restored.
Description
The complex lies behind a high wall, and it is usually not open to the public. Although it has always remained in Greek hands, the building has been modified much more heavily than those converted into mosques. It has, or originally had, a tetraconch plan with a central dome enclosed by a tower, which renders it a unicum in the Byzantine architecture of Constantinople and, on a much smaller scale surprisingly anticipates those of many great Ottoman mosques.
The dome rests on a cross formed by four half-domes. The narthex has three bays, whose central bay is covered by a barrel vault. On the south side, the church has been demolished and rebuilt, and the southern half dome and the southern bay of the narthex have been removed and replaced by three aisles. The interior has been stripped of the original decoration, but it is filled with icons and other ornaments, making an examination of the church very difficult.
On the eastern wall there is a large representation of the Last Judgement, perhaps painted by Modestos in 1266. Moreover, noteworthy are a mosaic Icon from the eleventh century portraying the Theotokos, and four Icons dating from the thirteenth and fourteenth century.
Under the church are visible excavations, and an underground passage said to reach Hagia Sophia (although the two buildings are several kilometers apart). Despite its historical importance, the church has never been studied from an architectural point of view.
See also
National Shrine of the Divine Mercy (Philippines)
Budai
References
Sources
External links
Church of Panagia Mouchliotissa - page about the church on the thebyzantinelegacy.com web site
Panagia Mouchliotissa and the hidden corridor that leads to Hagia Sophia in Constantinople
Churches completed in 1281
Mary of the Mongols (Istanbul), Church of Saint
Byzantine church buildings in Istanbul
Fatih
Golden Horn
Greeks in Istanbul
Istanbul pogrom
Night of Decadence, commonly referred to as NOD, is a party held every year around Halloween at Wiess College at Rice University.
The party was first held in 1972 and quickly became a legendary event at Rice and in Houston, drawing young alumni and students from other universities in addition to Rice students. It was also named to the Top 10 College Parties in America by Playboy magazine.
Overview
At NOD, students may wear whatever makes them comfortable. A typical costume is boxer shorts for men, and bra and panties for women. Starting in the 2010s, NOD has featured a Halloween costume contest, offering prizes to students who come wearing the most creative attire. Because of its sex positivity, NOD historically has been a polarizing event on Rice campus. Other events on campus such as Evening of Elegance (recently started in 2014), and Night of Innocence (offered since at least the 1980s) provide students with diverse social options, many choosing to attend more than one event. NOD has long been one of the most popular parties on campus, though the decorations have become more conservative in recent years. Each year over one thousand people are expected to attend NOD.
Significant safety efforts were instituted starting in 1999. As of 2018, Wiess spends around $7,000 on security and ambulances in order to provide a safe experience to NOD attendees.
The party now garners over 1,500 people.
Beginnings
NOD was founded by 4 Wiess College men. In the early '70s, each college at Rice had an event to raise money to fund the college's parties for the year. At that time, the drinking age was 18 and the colleges sponsored on-campus parties with alcohol. Wiess had the least amount of funds. The Wiess men were tasked with coming up with a fundraiser party.
Year 1: "Night of Decadence" - The general idea was to buy as much booze as they could, pour it into trashcans, and drink. The concoction was primarily Everclear, cheap wine, and fruit. The first year no one from any other college attended. There were about 30 Wiess men who attended. Even so, the college did manage to break even.
Year 2: "Night of Decadence II" - The same no-theme theme continued. But, a few non-Wiess students attended, even a few women. The college made a little money the second year.
Year 3: "Return of Night of Decadence" - The word was finally getting out. By the third year, a much larger crowd attended and a large profit was made.
Year 4: "Beyond Night of Decadence" - This was the first year that NOD was truly a toga party. Everyone on campus showed up and it was the major party of the year.
Early history
The Houston Press suggested the college began adopting a theme for each year's party in 1976. However, it is wrong. According to the founders, togas and minimal clothing was there at the beginning. It has been suggested that in the 1970s and 1980s, many of the themes were historical and/or apocalyptic in nature (e.g. The Fall of Rome, Caligula, Armageddon, Animal Farm, the Trojan War). Again, according to the founders, that is incorrect, at least for the first years. The founders were not going for historical or apocalyptic: The founders made a conscious decision to name the year's NOD with a nod to a movie title. By the 1990s the themes were generally sexual puns, often based on movie titles (e.g., James Bondage, Lust in Space). In the past, the university administration tried to shut down the party because of concerns about alcohol use and harassment due to NOD's sexual nature.
For many years NOD's trademark was "Sparky", a giant phallus built of papier-mâché and suspended from the ceiling of the Commons. (Sparky's also became the nickname of Wiess's basement game room.) Often Sparky was aligned with a corresponding anatomical prop at the other end of the room; one year a motor was added to move Sparky back and forth during the party. In some years a second Sparky was constructed with internal tubing that delivered Everclear punch from an upstairs mixing area to a suitably shaped serving trough below.
NOD themes
See also
Land of Nod
References
Which college comes out tops in Fun 101? DallasNews published Sept 21, 1991
College collage Alumni share insights with Sam Houston students Fort Worth Star-Telegram published January 10, 1994
Parties
Rice University
Crimean War medal may refer to:
British Crimean War Medal
Turkish Crimean War medal
Sardinian Crimea Medal
Baltic Medal, awarded for naval operations in the Baltic
Matthew Marshall Dunbar (born October 15, 1968) is an American former Major League Baseball (MLB) pitcher who played for the Florida Marlins in 1995.
Biography
A native of Tallahassee, Florida, Dunbar attended Dunedin High School and Florida State University. In 1989, they played collegiate summer baseball with the Chatham A's of the Cape Cod Baseball League. They were drafted by the New York Yankees in the 25th round of the 1990 amateur draft.
Dunbar played their first professional season with the Class A (Short Season) Oneonta Yankees in 1990. They made their major league debut with the Marlins in 1995, and appeared in eight games for the team that season. Their final professional season was spent with the Pittsburgh Pirates' Double-A Altoona Curve and Triple-A Nashville Sounds in 1999.
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
Albany-Colonie Yankees players
American expatriate baseball players in Canada
American expatriate baseball players in Mexico
Altoona Curve players
Baseball players from Tallahassee, Florida
Chatham Anglers players
Columbus Clippers players
Edmonton Trappers players
Florida Marlins players
Florida State Seminoles baseball players
Greensboro Bats players
Greensboro Hornets players
Guerreros de Oaxaca players
Gulf Coast Yankees players
Huntsville Stars players
Louisville Redbirds players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Mexican League baseball pitchers
Nashville Sounds players
Norwich Navigators players
Oneonta Yankees players
Prince William Cannons players
Vancouver Canadians players
KPMO (1300 AM) is a radio station licensed to Mendocino, California. The station is owned by Southern Oregon University, and is an affiliate of Jefferson Public Radio, airing JPR's "News & Information" service, consisting of news and talk programming.
References
External links
ijpr.org
PMO
NPR member stations
Southern Oregon University
Radio stations established in 1967
1967 establishments in California
Frimaire was one of 16 s built for the French Navy during the 1910s.
Citations
Bibliography
Brumaire-class submarines
World War I submarines of France
1911 ships
Jónsdóttir is a surname of Icelandic origin, meaning daughter of Jón. In Icelandic names, the name is not strictly a surname, but a patronymic (see Icelandic name). The name refers to:
Ágústína Jónsdóttir (b. 1949), Icelandic writer, artist and educator
Anna G. Jónasdóttir (b. 1942), Icelandic political scientist and academic
Áslaug Jónsdóttir (b. 1963), Icelandic children's writer
Auður Jónsdóttir (b. 1973), Icelandic author and freelance journalist
Birgitta Jónsdóttir a member of parliament in Iceland and a former volunteer with WikiLeaks
Gunnfríður Jónsdóttir (1889–1968), Icelandic sculptor
Íeda Jónasdóttir Herman, Icelandic author and adventurer
Jóhanna Guðrún Jónsdóttir, Icelandic singer
Jóhanna Vala Jónsdóttir (b. 1986), Icelandic beauty queen; 2007 Miss Iceland
Ragnheiður Jónsdóttir (1646–1715), Icelandic woman whose face is on the 5000 kronur note
Ragnhildur Steinunn Jónsdóttir (b. 1981), Icelandic television personality; former Miss Iceland
See also
Jónsson
Jón
Surnames
Icelandic-language surnames
The alto recorder in F, also known as a treble (and, historically, as consort flute and common flute) is a member of the recorder family. Up until the 17th century the alto instrument was normally in G4 instead of F4.
The alto is between the soprano and tenor in size, and is correspondingly intermediate in pitch. It has the same general shape as a soprano, but is larger in all dimensions, resulting in a lower pitch for a given fingering.
The F alto is a non-transposing instrument, though its basic scale is in F, that is, a fifth lower than the soprano recorder and a fourth higher than the tenor (both with a basic scale in C). So-called F fingerings are therefore used, as with the bassoon or the low register of the clarinet, in contrast to the C fingerings used for most other woodwinds. Its notation is usually at sounding pitch, but sometimes is written an octave lower than it sounds.
History
Recorders are known to have been made in different sizes since at least the 15th century, but a consistent terminology did not exist until the 20th-century revival of the instrument. In the early 16th century, books were published by Sebastian, Martin, and Sylvestro, all of which describe the smallest of three sizes of recorder (tuned in fifths) as an instrument with the bottom note G. Appropriate to the highest instrument of the set, it is given a name used for the highest vocal part in music from that time: discant, Virdung also calls it clain flöte—"small flute", kleine Flöte in modern German) and sopran or soprano. At this time, recorders were made in a single piece. This type of instrument continued to be produced through the 17th century and into the early 18th, though around 1650 it began to be made in three separate parts. It was sometimes called the flauto italiano, particularly after about 1670 when a new type of recorder appeared in France, called flûte douce (sweet flute), what today would be called an alto (treble) in F. In contrast to the bright-toned flauto italiano, which was easy to play in the high register, the flüte douce was full and resonant in the low register, but was weak on the upper notes. This new version of recorder (first depicted in a painting from 1672) was first made in Paris and, shortly later and under French influence, in London. The redesign is traditionally attributed to the Hotteterres, particularly to Jean Hotteterre, though the evidence is rather tenuous. In 1696, Johann Christoph Denner and Johann Schell applied for permission to make the French type of instrument in Nuremberg, and it quickly became the dominant type of instrument across Europe. In most languages, this was the instrument meant by the word for flute alone: German Flöte, Dutch fluyt, Italian flauto, Spanish flauta. In England, it was usually simply "flute", but when necessary to differentiate from the transverse flute or other sizes of recorder, it was called "common flute" or "consort flute".
References
Sources
Further reading
Baines, Anthony C. 1967. Woodwind Instruments and Their History, third edition, with a foreword by Sir Adrian Boult. London: Faber and Faber. Reprinted with corrections, 1977. This edition reissued, Mineola, New York: Dover Publications, 1991, and reprinted again in 2012. .
Griscom, Richard W., and David Lasocki. 2013. The Recorder: A Research and Information Guide, third edition. Routledge Music Bibliographies. Routledge. .
Hunt, Edgar. 1988. "Syntagma Musicum II, Parts 1 and 2 of De Organographia by Michael Praetorius; David Z. Crookes" (review). The Galpin Society Journal 41 (October): 142–144.
Praetorius, Michael. 1619a. Syntagmatis Musici Michaelis Praetorii C. Tomus Secundus De Organographia. Wolfenbüttel: Elias Holwein, in Verlegung des Autoris.
Praetorius, Michael. 1619b. Syntagmatis Musici Michaelis Praetorii C. Tomus Tertius. Wolfenbüttel: Elias Holwein.
Virgiliano, Aurelio. c.1600. Il dolcimelo. Manuscript. Bologna: Civico Museo Bibliografico Musicale. Facsimile edition, edited by Marcello Castellani. Archivum Musicum: Collana di testi rari 11. Florence: Studio per Edizioni Scelte. 1979.
External links
Baroque instruments
Early musical instruments
Internal fipple flutes
Recorders (musical instruments)
is a 2011 rhythm game created by Sega and Crypton Future Media for the PlayStation Portable. The game is an expansion to the 2010 video game, Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA 2nd, and was first released on November 10, 2011 in Japan with no international release. Like the original the game primarily makes use of Vocaloids, a series of singing synthesizer software, and the songs created using these vocaloids most notably the virtual-diva Vocaloid Hatsune Miku. Rock band Gacharic Spin served as motion capture models.
Gameplay
As it is an expansion to Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA 2nd, the game features exactly the same gameplay. The only differences between the two games are the selection of modules and songs available in the games.
Clearing every song in the game on Normal difficulty will unlock the special voiceover version of the Opening Movies of Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA 2nd and Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA Extend, featuring the voices of Saki Fujita as Hatsune Miku, Asami Shimoda as the Kagamine twins, Rin & Len, and Yū Asakawa as Megurine Luka, all in their original human voices.
Song list
There are a total of 50 songs available in Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA Extend; 45 songs (14 new and 31 old) are obtained normally by playing through the game, and 5 songs are only available through Edit Mode.
Songs with a light blue background are returning songs with charts ported over from Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA 2nd.
Songs with a gray background can only be played in Diva Room and Edit Mode.
Dreamy Theater Extend
Similar to Project DIVA and Project DIVA 2nd, a companion game for the PlayStation 3, Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA Dreamy Theater Extend, was released digitally via the Japanese PlayStation Store on September 13, 2012. Like its predecessors, the game features updated high-definition visual improvements over its respective PSP game while featuring the same content and PlayStation Trophies support, and requires the player to connect the PSP (with Project DIVA Extend) to the PS3 via USB to access the content in the game. In addition, the game also supports stereoscopic 3D for the first time in the series.
Live Concert Mode song list
Dreamy Theater Extend features a new mode called Live Concert Mode, which allows players to watch music videos of eleven songs being performed at a virtual reconstruction of the stage of Tokyo Dome City Hall, where the Hatsune Miku Concert: Saigo no Miku no Hi Kanshasai (発音ミクコンサート 最後のミクの日感謝祭) concert was held at in real-life on March 9, 2012 as the second part of Miku no Hi Dai Kanshasai (ミクの日大感謝祭); in addition, the characters also perform exactly as they did in the concert. While watching a video, the camera can be controlled to change viewing angles by using the analogue sticks and shoulder buttons.
Notes
References
External links
Official Site
2011 video games
Japan-exclusive video games
Music video games
PlayStation Portable games
PlayStation 3 games
Sega video games
Creative works using vocaloids
Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA games
Video games developed in Japan
Oustalet's sunbird (Cinnyris oustaleti) is a species of bird in the family Nectariniidae.
It is found in Angola, Malawi, Tanzania, and Zambia.
References
Oustalet's sunbird
Birds of Central Africa
Oustalet's sunbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Chiriaco Summit Airport is a county-owned public-use airport located one nautical mile (1.85 km) northeast of the central business district of Chiriaco Summit, in Riverside County, California, United States.
The airport is maintained as a functioning airport for emergency purposes and recreational VFR use by the Riverside County government. Some west coast aero clubs use the airport (and nearby restaurant) as a "destination" site for annual weekend competitions.
History
The airport was opened in April 1943 as Shavers Summit Army Airfield and was used by the United States Army Air Forces Fourth Air Force as a training base during World War II. At the end of the war the airfield was determined to be no longer needed by the military and turned over to the local government for civil use.
Facilities and aircraft
Chiriaco Summit Airport covers an area of at an elevation of 1,713 feet (522 m) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 6/24 with an asphalt surface measuring 4,600 by 50 feet (1,402 x 15 m). For the 12-month period ending November 30, 2006, the airport had 6,000 general aviation aircraft operations, an average of 16 per day.
See also
California World War II Army Airfields
Desert Training Center
References
External links
George S. Patton Memorial Museum and Chiriaco Summit, CA Airport
Airfields of the United States Army Air Forces in California
World War II airfields in the United States
Military facilities in the Mojave Desert
Airports in Riverside County, California
Bang Si Mueang (, ) is one of the ten subdistricts (tambon) of Mueang Nonthaburi District, in Nonthaburi Province, Thailand. Neighbouring subdistricts are (from north clockwise) Sai Ma, Suan Yai (across the Chao Phraya River), Bang Phai, Bang Si Thong and Bang Krang. In 2020 it had a total population of 24,718 people.
Administration
Central administration
The subdistrict is subdivided into 5 villages (muban).
Local administration
The whole area of the subdistrict is covered by Bang Si Mueang Town Municipality ().
References
External links
Website of Bang Si Mueang Town Municipality
Tambon of Nonthaburi province
Populated places in Nonthaburi province
Thomas Gisborne (31 October 1758 – 24 March 1846) was an English Anglican priest and poet. They were a member of the Clapham Sect, who fought for the abolition of the slave trade in England.
Life
Gisborne was born at Bridge Gate, Derby, the son of John Gisborne of Yoxhall Lodge in Needwood Forest, Staffordshire and their wife Anne Bateman. They were educated at Harrow and entered St John's College, Cambridge in 1776, where they established lifelong friendships with William Wilberforce and Thomas Babington. At Cambridge, they became the first Chancellor's medallist in 1780.
In 1783 they became curate of Barton-under-Needwood, and later that year inherited Yoxall Lodge, Staffordshire, which was 3 miles from the church. The next year they married Mary Babington (b. 1760), only sister of Thomas Babington. They had six sons and two daughters. The eldest son, Thomas Gisborne (1794–1852), became a member of parliament, and the fourth son, James, a clergyman, succeeded their father as perpetual curate of Barton in 1820.
Gisborne was a central figure in the Clapham Sect, an abolitionist group which included William Wilberforce and Gisborne's brother-in-law Thomas Babington. Yoxall Lodge acted as a major focus of the group, and Wilberforce was a frequent visitor there.
Gisborne was appointed prebendary of Durham Cathedral in 1823. They died at Yoxall Lodge on 24 March 1846 at the age of eighty-seven. Gisborne left money for an annual scholarship at the University of Durham, which is referred to as the Gisborne Scholarship.
Writing
Gisborne's Principles of Moral Philosophy (1789) was a forceful evangelical attack on William Paley's Principles of Moral and Political Philosophy (1785), an influential work studied at both Cambridge and Oxford Universities, arguing morality as a categorical imperative against Paley's utilitarian standpoint. Gisborne also wrote Enquiry into the Duties of Men (1795) and Enquiry into the Duties of the Female Sex (1797) stressing subordination to the divinely imposed social hierarchy. Their Walks in a Forest (1794) was a book of poems describing the scenery of Needwood Forest, which bordered their estate at Yoxall.
Scriptural geologist
A scriptural geologist, Gisborne wrote two books which criticised the trend of geology away from a basis in the Bible: Testimony of Natural Theology to Christianity (1818) and Considerations on Modern Theories of Geology (1837).
Published works
Principles of Moral Philosophy (1789)
Remarks Respecting the Abolition of the Slave Trade (1792)
Walks in a Forest (1794)
An Enquiry Into the Duties of Men in the Higher and Middle Classes of Society" in Great Britain (1794)
An Enquiry into the Duties of the Female Sex (1797)
Poems Sacred and Moral (1798)
A Selection of Psalms and Hymns for Public and Private Use, with Jonathan Stubbs (1805)
Sermons Volume 1 (1809)
A Familiar Survey of the Christian Religion and of History (1810)
Testimony of Natural Theology to Christianity (1818)
Essays on Recollection of Friends in a Future State (1822)
Considerations on Modern Theories of Geology (1837)
Hymns
A Soldier's Course from Battles Won
Hark! 'Tis the Bell with Solemn Toll
O Father, Glorify Thy Name
Saviour, When Night Involves the Skies
Thy Humblest Works with Full Accord
When Groves by Moonlight Silence Keep
Footnotes
References
1758 births
1846 deaths
People educated at Harrow School
Alumni of St John's College, Cambridge
English philosophers
Evangelical Anglican clergy
Clapham Sect
People from Derby
Paintings by Joseph Wright of Derby
Anglican poets
People from Yoxall
William Hardie may refer to:
William Hardie (1862–1916), Scottish classical scholar
W. F. R. Hardie (1902–1990), Scottish classical scholar (son of the above)
William Hardie (archbishop of the West Indies) (1878–1950)
William Hardie (bishop of Ballarat) (1904–1980)
See also
William Hardy (disambiguation)
Robert Spelman Robertson (December 11, 1870 – May 28, 1955) was a Canadian lawyer and judge. They were Chief Justice of Ontario from 1938 to 1952.
Born in Goderich, Ontario, Robertson read law with Mr Justice J. T. Garrow and was called to the Ontario Bar in 1894. They entered private practice, first in Stratford, Ontario, until they were recruited by Fasken in Toronto in 1917. They were made a King's Counsel in 1921. They were a prominent civil litigator, and was one of William Lyon Mackenzie King's favourite litigators in constitutional cases.
They were elected a bencher of the Law Society of Upper Canada in 1930 and was Treasurer of the Law Society of Upper Canada from 1937 to 1938, when they were appointed Chief Justice. They retired in 1952 and died three years later.
References
1870 births
1955 deaths
Lawyers in Ontario
People from Goderich, Ontario
Judges in Ontario
Canadian Queen's Counsel
Richard Young (August 6, 1846 – June 9, 1935) was a U.S. Representative from New York.
Born in Derry, Ireland, Young migrated to the United States in 1851 with their parents, who settled in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. They attended the public schools and graduated from Crittenden's Commercial College in Philadelphia. They moved to Flatbush, New York (which was incorporated into Brooklyn City in 1894), in 1866 and engaged in an extensive leather trade in New York City. They served as a member of the board of school commissioners of Brooklyn from 1895 to 1902, and as park commissioner for the boroughs of Brooklyn and Queens in 1902 and 1903. They also engaged in banking and business enterprises.
Young was elected as a Republican to the Sixty-first Congress (March 4, 1909 – March 3, 1911). They declined to be a candidate for re-election in 1910.
Subsequently, they resumed their interest in the leather industry and continued in banking and in other business enterprises in Brooklyn. They resided in Flatbush in Brooklyn, New York, until their death on June 9, 1935. They were interred in Green-Wood Cemetery.
References
19th-century Irish people
1846 births
1935 deaths
Burials at Green-Wood Cemetery
Irish emigrants to the United States (before 1923)
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from New York (state)
School board members in New York (state)
Politicians from Derry (city)
Vidyut is an Indian masculine/feminine given name. The Sanskrit word has several meanings including "electric current" "shining, glittering", "lightning" and "the dawn". Notable people with this name are:
Vidyut Jammwal (born 1980), Indian film actor/ Martial Artist
Vidyut Sivaramakrishnan (born 1981), Indian cricketer
References
Indian masculine given names
Jamalabad (, also Romanized as Jamālābād; also known as Jamal Abad Ghareh Kahriz, and Jamal Abad Ghareh Kariz) is a village in Shamsabad Rural District, in the Central District of Arak County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 349, in 75 families.
References
Populated places in Arak County
Marie Raizenne (July 14, 1735 – April 20, 1811) was a Roman Catholic nun in the Congregation of Notre Dame of Montreal. They took the name Sister Saint-Ignace and served as superior general.
The daughter of Josiah Rising, also known as Shoentakwanni and Ignace Raizenne, and Abigail Nims, also known as Towatogowash, they were born at the mission of Lac-des-Deux-Montagnes. Them parents had both been born in New England but were captured and brought to New France, where they were baptized as Catholics; their older sister had also become a nun and their brother became a priest. In 1761, they helped restore the Sainte-Famille mission on Île d'Orléans. They were sent to the Lower Town of Quebec City to take charge of the mission there in 1769. They were recalled to Montreal in 1775 as assistant to superior Véronique Brunet; in 1778, they became superior herself. In 1784, they became mistress of novices and, in 1790, was re-elected superior. They served again as mistress of novices from 1796 to 1802. At this point, they retired and died in Montreal nine years later.
Them niece Marie-Clotilde Raizenne founded a new order, the Congregation de l'Enfant-Jésus.
References
1735 births
1811 deaths
Canadian Roman Catholic religious sisters and nuns
Khalil Izz el-Deen al-Jamal (Arabic: ) (January 21, 1951 – 15 April 1968) was the first Lebanese commando to be killed in action in the Israeli–Palestinian conflict. Their death in April 1968 in Jordan, during a skirmish with Israeli forces known as the Battle of Tel Arbaein ("Hill Forty", ()), resulted in hundreds of Lebanese youth joining the Palestinian fedayeen. Their funeral, attended by between 150,000 to 250,000 people, was widely seen as an expression of Lebanese solidarity with the Palestinian cause.
Biography
Early life
Born on January 21, 1951 to Lebanese parents. Their father was Ezz El Din Mohamed Eljamal and their mother was Widad Mustafa Shehab. They completed their elementary in the Modern School in Beirut then attended Al Mokhales evening school (مدرسة "المخلص"المسائية). They used to work during the day and study at night. By virtue of their work with their older brother, Nabil, they were always in the library educating himself, which acquainted themselves with the Arab - Israeli conflict.
Battle of Tel Arbaein
On the evening of 15 April 1968, a Palestinian commando group received a signal from one of the advanced monitoring units that some Israeli tanks and armored vehicles entered the Arab area in the Jordan Valley from "Pardes Abu Vrides". Additionally, a helicopter dropped more than 30 paratroopers in the region. They were under the observation of the Palestinian Al Asefa forces which signaled to their comrades to ambush them at Tell Arbaein (تل الأربعين; Hill 40). Khalil was part of the ambushing unit. The guerrilla group divided themselves into three units then clashed with the Israeli troops from three different sides and caused them 10 casualties. The Israeli forces began to regress, carrying their wounded and dead from the area of engagement. Khalil was among the group that chased the remnants of the Israeli troops as they retreated to their positions until they reached beyond the ceasefire line. While Khalil was protecting the withdrawal of their comrades, they were hit by a rocket-propelled grenade in the shoulder. They refused the help of their comrades to pull them back and preferred to stay in their position to protect their withdrawal where they got hit and died in the battlefield on 15 April 1968.
Funeral and significance
Their funeral, on April 27, 1968, was attended by some 150,000 people. It lasted more than five hours and it is considered to be the largest that Lebanon has ever witnessed by then. Their body was transferred from Jordan to Syria then Lebanon, passing through several villages along the way. Schools were closed in their honor, and even in Christian villages such as the Maronite village of Kahaleh, people came out 'to honour the martyr who died for a noble cause.' Despite the sectarian tensions between Lebanon's diverse ethnic groups, this Maronite village publicly mourned al-Jamal while church bells in the village tolled. In Beirut, the Lebanese national forces decided to start the funeral from the Omari Mosque and the coffin was carried to the martyrs cemetery.
Al Jamal's death was significant because of many factors. As the first Lebanese to die in battle with Israel, this ignited the drive of other Lebanese to join the Palestinian struggle, hundreds of whom went to Syria to undergo military training in May 1968. In this way, their death provided a political opening for the Palestinian fedayeen movement in Lebanon. Prime Minister Abdullah al-Yafi, who attended their funeral along with other political leaders such as the head of the Kataeb Pierre Gemayel, awarded al-Jamal a national medal posthumously.
The Lebanese Army also offered military training to Palestinian refugees, and the often hostile Deuxième Bureau, Lebanon's intelligence service, eased restrictions placed on the residents of the Palestinian refugee camps in Lebanon. However, the sympathy for the Palestinians from the government did not last and within a year of al-Jamal's death, under President Charles Helou, the Deuxième Bureau was again charged with maintaining a strict regime within the refugee camps.
Notes
References
External links
Raji Al Nami talks about the PLO experience in Lebanon: the Lebanese people fever PLO fighters in their initial battles
The Palestinians and Lebanon - McGill University
Glimpses of the light of a martyr of Beirut and the Arab, Khalil Ezzeddine El Jamal, Al-Mustaqbal newspaper, 5 May 2010 - number 3643.
Lebanese military personnel
1951 births
1968 deaths
Military personnel killed in action
Harry Sidney Nichols (14 August 1865 – 30 November 1941) was an English publisher of erotica.
Nichols was born in Wortley, Leeds, Yorkshire, the son of glass merchant William Nichols and their wife, Mary Hartley Nichols. They went into business as antiquarian book dealer, but they made their fortune as a Sheffield publisher and printer of high-end erotica in partnership with Leonard Smithers which included such works as Sir Richard Francis Burton's translation of the Book of One Thousand and One Nights. In 1888 they formed the Erotika Biblion Society, for which Smithers acted as printer. Under threat of arrest under strict Victorian pornography laws, Nichols went into exile in Paris from 1900 to 1908, publishing by mail-order to England.
In 1908, Nichols, being threatened with extradition to England, migrated to Stamford, Connecticut, New York City. Their mistress, Annie, pregnant with twin daughters, Aimee and Marcia, followed them shortly. Nichols continued to publish erotica until 1939, when they were committed to Bellevue Mental Hospital, where they died in 1941.
References
Further reading
James G. Nelson, Publisher to the Decadents: Leonard Smithers in the Careers of Beardsley, Wilde, Dowson, Rivendale Press, 2000,
External links
The Book of the Thousand Nights and a Night Vol VI translated by Richard F. Burton on The Internet Archive.
Book publishing companies of the United Kingdom
British book publishers (people)
1865 births
1941 deaths
People from Wortley, Leeds
British expatriates in the United States
British expatriates in France
Pandionis is a phyle (tribe or clan) of ancient Attica, which had eleven demes at the time of its creation, which is when the phyle was created as part of a group of ten phylai.
The names of the demes of Pandionis are Angele, Konthyle, Kydathenaion, Kytheros, Myrrhinous, Oa, Lower Paiania, Upper Paiania, Prasiai, Probalinthos, Steiria.
Citations
Tribes of ancient Attica
Kalasan (, Javanese: Candhi Kalasan), also known as Candi Kalibening, is an 8th-century Buddhist temple in Java, Indonesia. It is located east of Yogyakarta on the way to Prambanan temple, on the south side of the main road Jalan Solo between Yogyakarta and Surakarta. Administratively, it is located in the Kalasan District (kapanewon) of Sleman Regency.
History
According to the Kalasan inscription dated 778 AD, written in Sanskrit using Pranagari script, the temple was erected by the will of Guru Sang Raja Sailendravamçatilaka (the Jewel of Sailendra family) who succeeded in persuading Maharaja Tejapurnapana Panangkaran (in another part of the inscription also called Kariyana Panangkaran) to construct Tarabhavanam, a holy building for the goddess (boddhisattvadevi) Tara.
In addition, a Vihara (monastery) was built for Buddhist monks from the Sailendra family's realm. Panangkaran awarded the Kalaça village to Sangha (buddhist monastic community). According to the date of this inscription, Kalasan temple is the oldest of the temples built in the Prambanan Plain.
Despite being renovated and partially rebuilt during the Dutch colonial era, the temple currently is in poor condition. Compared to other temples nearby such as Prambanan, Sewu, and Sambisari the temple is not well maintained.
Architecture
The temple stands on a square 14.20 meters sub-basement. The temple plan is cross-shaped, and designed as a twelve-cornered polygon. Each of four cardinal points has stairs and gates adorned with Kala-Makara and rooms measuring 3,5 square meters. No statue is to be found in the smaller rooms facing north, west, and south; but the lotus pedestals suggest that the rooms once contains statues of Bodhisattvas.
The temple is richly decorated with buddhist figures such as the Bodhisattva and gana. The Kala Face above the southern door has been photographed and used by a number of foreign academics in their books to give an idea of the artistry in stone by Central Javanese artists of a millennia ago. Niches where the statues would have been placed are found inside and outside the temple. The niches adorned an outer wall intricately carved with Kala, gods and divinities in scenes depicting the svargaloka, the celestial palace of the gods, apsaras, and gandharvas.
The roof of the temple is designed in three sections. The lower one are still according to the polygonal shape of the body and contains small niches with statues of boddhisatvas seated on lotus. Each of these niches is crowned with stupas. The middle part of the roof is in octagonal (eight-sided) shape. Each of these eight sides adorned with niches contains statue of a Dhyani Buddha flanked by two standing boddhisattvas. The top part of the roof is almost circular and also have 8 niches crowned with single large dagoba. The octagonal aspect of the structure has led to speculation of non-buddhist elements in the temple, similar to some interpretations of the early Borobudur structure.
The temple is facing east, with the eastern room also served as access to main central room. In the larger main room there is lotus pedestal and throne carved with makara, lion, and elephant figure, similar to the Buddha Vairocana throne founds in Mendut temple. According to the Kalasan inscription, the temple once houses the large (probably reaching 4 meters tall) statue of the Boddhisattvadevi Tara. By the design of the throne, most probably the statue of the goddess was in seated position and made from bronze. Now the statue is missing, probably the same fate as bronze Buddha statue in Sewu temple, being looted for scrap metal over centuries.
On the outer wall of the temple found the traces of plaster called vajralepa (lit: diamond plaster). The same substance also founds in nearby Sari temple. The white-yellowish plaster was applied to protect the temple wall, but now the plaster has worn off.
The temple is located on archaeologically rich Prambanan plain. Just a few hundred meters north east from Kalasan temple is located Sari temple. Candi Sari most probably was the monastery mentioned in Kalasan inscription. Further east lies the Prambanan complex, Sewu temple, and Plaosan temple.
In popular culture
In December 2016, the fourth expansion of the popular real-time strategy PC game from Microsoft, Age of Empires II titled Rise of the Rajas featured Candi Kalasan as the Wonder of the Malay civilization featured in-game.
See also
Borobudur
Buddhism in Indonesia
Candi of Indonesia
Candi Mendut
Candi Plaosan
Candi Sari
Indonesian Esoteric Buddhism
Kalasan inscription (778)
Notes
References
Holt, Claire. (1967) Art in Indonesia : continuities and change. Ithaca, N.Y.: Cornell University Press.
External links
Kalasan Temple
Official site
Buddhist temples in Indonesia
Shailendra dynasty
Archaeological sites in Indonesia
Sleman Regency
Cultural Properties of Indonesia in Yogyakarta
8th-century Buddhist temples
Kalateh-ye Meydan (, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Meydān and Kalāteh Meydān) is a village in Sarvelayat Rural District, Sarvelayat District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 396, in 117 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Sala Sporturilor Mediaş is an indoor arena in Mediaş, Romania. Its best known tenant is the men's basketball club Gaz Metan Mediaş.
References
Indoor arenas in Romania
Basketball venues in Romania
Buildings and structures in Sibiu County
"Can't Stay Away" is a song by Swedish artist, Darin. It was released on 28 May 2021 and is their first English-language single in seven years. The song debuted on the Swedish chart at number 73.
Charts
References
2021 songs
2021 singles
Darin (singer) songs
Songs written by Darin (singer)
Songs written by Jamie Hartman
The port of Namibe, or port of Moçâmedes, is an Angolan port located in the city of Moçâmedes, in the province of Namibe. It is built on the banks of the bay of Namibe, a coastal indentation linked to the Atlantic Ocean.
The port belongs to the Angolan government, which is responsible for its administration through the public company Empresa Portuária do Namibe. This company was established to administer the license for terminals for loading and unloading, in addition to the passenger terminal.
Together with the ports of Lobito (Benguela), Luanda (Luanda), Soyo (Zaire) and Cabinda (Cabinda), it forms the largest port complexes in the country. It is the largest port in the south of the country.
The port is the outlet point of the Moçâmedes railway, which carries cargo from the city of Menongue in the Cuando-Cubango Province. Another important outflow connection is made via the EN-100 highway.
Emerged as a fishing port in the 15th century, it became a port for slave traffic from the 17th century; it was structured and officially opened on May 24, 1957.
References
Namibe
Ku, KU, or Kū may refer to:
Arts and entertainment
Ku (fictional language), a constructed language created for the 2005 film The Interpreter
Esther Ku, a Korean-American comedian
Kumi Koda, Japanese pop star nicknamed Ku or Kuu
In an alien language in the movie Kin-dza-dza!, "ku" replaces most conventional words, with its meaning guessed from context
In the Discworld, Ku or The Lost Continent of Ku is a satirical parody of Atlantis
Businesses and organizations
Political
Kommunistisk Ungdom (Communist Youth), the former name of the Young Left (Sweden)
Young Conservatives (Denmark) (Konservativ Ungdom), the Young Conservatives (Denmark)
Konstitutionsutskottet, the Committee on the Constitution (Parliament of Sweden)
Ku Klux Klan, a white supremacy group in the US
Universities
Africa
Kampala University in Kampala, Uganda
Kismayo University in Kismayo, Somalia
Japan
Kyoto University, a national research university
Kyushu University, a national research university
Kobe University, a national university
Kanagawa University, a national university
Kagoshima University, a national university
Kagawa University, a national university
Kumamoto University, a national university
Kochi University, a national university
Korea University (Japan), a private university
Asia
Kabul University in Kabul, Afghanistan
Kakatiya University in India
Kandahar University in Kandahar, Afghanistan
Karnavati University in Gujarat, India
Karunya University in Tamil Nadu, India
Kathmandu University in Dhulikhel, Nepal
Khulna University in Khulna, Bangladesh
Kuvempu University in Karnataka, India
Konkuk University in South Korea
Korea University in South Korea
Karachi University in Pakistan
Kasetsart University in Thailand
Kuwait University in Kuwait
Kashmir University in Kashmir, India.
Europe
Catholic University of Eichstätt-Ingolstadt (Katholische Universität) in Eichstätt and Ingolstadt, Germany
Klaipėda University in Klaipėda, Lithuania
KU Leuven in Belgium
University of Copenhagen (Københavns Universitet) in Copenhagen, Denmark
United States
Kean University in Union Township, New Jersey
Keiser University, main campus and headquarters in Fort Lauderdale, Florida
Kettering University in Flint, Michigan
Kutztown University in Kutztown, Pennsylvania
University of Kansas in Lawrence, Kansas or its athletic program, the Kansas Jayhawks
Other businesses and organizations
Kentucky Utilities, an American electric utility company based in Lexington, Kentucky
Kuwait Airways (IATA code)
Language
Ku (kana), romanization of the Japanese kana く and ク
Kurdish language (ISO 639 (alpha-2) code KU)
Ku (fictional language), fictional language in the 2005 film The Interpreter
People
Emperor Ku of ancient China, of Three August Ones and Five Emperors
Khonds, an aboriginal tribe of India
Science
K-U ratio, the ratio between potassium and uranium
Ku band, a band of microwave radio frequencies in the electromagnetic spectrum
Ku (protein), a protein involved in DNA repair
Ku, the proposed chemical symbol for kurchatovium (later named rutherfordium)
KU, Krebs units, a measure of viscosity of paint
Other uses
, a type of city subdivision
Kū or Kū-ka-ili-moku, the Hawaiian god of politics, agriculture, war and fishing
Ku, the original name of the Privilege Ibiza nightclub
Kose-Uuemõisa, Estonia, a village
Kindle Unlimited, e-book service from Amazon
Kū, another form for the Japanese kyū, the number nine, and a term in martial arts
See also
Coup (disambiguation), pronounced /ku:/
COO (disambiguation)
The German Ski Association ( or DSV) is the national governing body for skiing in Germany. The organisation was founded in 1905 among local ski clubs. The German Ski Association represents international interests of the German skiing and trains athletes and trainers. The DSV headquarters are located in Planegg, south of Munich. Current DSV president is Franz Steinle.
Divisions
The DSV represents these sports:
Competitive sport:
Alpine skiing
Biathlon
Cross-country skiing
Freestyle skiing
Nordic combined
Skicross
Ski jumping
Telemark skiing
Popular sport:
Nordic Walking
Ski Inline
Tourenwesen
External links
Official website
Germany
Skiing
Skiing organizations
Skiing in Germany
Sports organizations established in 1905
1905 establishments in Germany
The Château d'Orbec was a castle in Orbec, Calvados, France.
Gilbert, Count of Brionne, built an early castle in 1035, which was confiscated from Gilbert de Clare, Earl of Pembroke, and given to Robert de Montfort. Robert held their uncle Waleran de Beaumont, Count of Meulan, captive in the castle. It was returned to Richard de Clare, Earl of Pembroke, after the forfeiture of Robert de Montfort in 1173. King Richard I of England, Duke of Normandy, gave the lordship of Orbec to William Marshal, Earl of Pembroke.
Bertrand du Guesclin, Constable of France, captured the castle in 1379 and destroyed it.
References
Stéphane William Gondoin. Les châteaux forts au temps de Guillaume le Conquérant. September 2015
Castles in Calvados (department)
Former castles in France
Benjamin Franklin "Ben" Funk (December 6, 1902 – November 24, 1969) was an American boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics. In 1924, Funk was eliminated in the second round of the middleweight class after losing their fight to the eventual bronze medalist Joseph Beecken.
Funk was born and died Bloomington, Illinois, and was a 1925 graduate of Yale University.
References
Further reading
External links
Ben Funk boxing profile
1902 births
1969 deaths
Boxers from Illinois
Middleweight boxers
Olympic boxers of the United States
Boxers at the 1924 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Bloomington, Illinois
American male boxers
Yale University alumni
Carmen de la Legua Reynoso District () is a district of the Constitutional Province of Callao in Peru, and one of the seven districts that comprise the port city of Callao.
In 1952 Carmen de la Legua Reynoso was founded by Lopez Pasos, Alejandro Ladron De Guevara, and Barios Medina. Antero Lizano, a pioneer of the city was elected the Organizational Secretary who established the zoning for Carmen de la Legua and distributed land to residents.
It was officially established as a district on December 4, 1964.
The current mayor of Carmen de la Legua Reynoso is Daniel Almanzor Lecca Rubio.
Geography
The district has a total land area of 2.12 km2. Its administrative center is located 54 meters above sea level.
Boundaries
North: Callao District, San Martín de Porres District (in the Lima Province)
East: Lima District
South and West: Downtown Callao
Demographics
According to the 2005 census by the INEI, the district has 40,439 inhabitants, a population density of 19,075 persons/km2 and 8,745 households in the district.
External links
Municipalidad de Carmen de la Legua Reynoso
To-do Callao (in Spanish)
Districts of the Callao Region
St Margaret's Convent was a convent of the Benedictine order near Great Gaddesden in Hertfordshire, England. Founded in 1160, it was abolished as a consequence of King Henry VIII's dissolution of the monasteries in the 1530s.
It was also known as The Priory of Ivinghoe, St. Margaret's, in the Wood and Muresley Priory.
It was founded by Henry de Blois, Bishop of Winchester. Some accounts point to an earlier foundation by Thomas Becket before 1129. It therefore predated the nearby Ashridge Priory. In 1280 King Edward I gave lands in Surrey to the convent, but it was always known for its poverty.
Names of some of the prioresses survive, from Isoda, elected in 1250, to Margaret Hardwick, in place at the time of closure under the first Act of Suppression of 1535, when the convent had five nuns, and an annual income of £18 8s 9d. It was sold to Sir John Dauncey in 1538, along with the Manor of Muresley. It changed hands over the centuries, finally passing to the Earls of Bridgewater and Lord Brownlow in 1823.
The buildings are described as being of Totternhoe stone with mullioned windows, square mouldings and trefoil-headed stained glass windows. The structure survived as a manor house until at least 1802, but had been almost completely demolished by 1862.
Several place names persist from the convent, including St Margaret's Lane and Farm; and the district north-west of Great Gaddesden is still known as St Margaret's.
The modern Buddhist monastery of Thai Forest Tradition, Amaravati Buddhist Monastery is situated only a quarter of a mile from the site.
References
MargaretsConvent
MargaretsConvent Hertfordshire
MargaretsConvent
MargaretsConvent Hertfordshire
MargaretsConvent Hertfordshire
MargaretsConvent Hertfordshire
MargaretsConvent Hertfordshire
MargaretsConvent Hertfordshire
Kim Ji-won (; born December 21, 1995), known by their stage name Bobby () is a South Korean rapper, singer-songwriter and member of iKon under YG Entertainment. In 2016, they formed a sub-unit with Mino under the name MOBB.  They are best known for finishing in first place on Mnet's survival show: Show Me The Money 3.
Early life
Kim Ji-won was born on December 21, 1995, in Seoul, South Korea. In 2005, their family moved to Fairfax, Virginia, United States. There, they auditioned for YG Entertainment and later met Kim Jinwoo of Jinusean in New York. Bobby was officially recruited as a trainee under the label on January 10, 2011.
Career
2013–2014: Career beginnings and pre-debut activities
After over two years of training, Bobby participated in the 2013 survival show Win: Who Is Next? under Team B. They started using their stage name Bobby, named after their idol, Bob Marley. Because Team A won the program, Bobby continued training under YG Entertainment. In November 2013, while still a trainee, Bobby appeared in the music video for "Ringa Linga" by label-mate Taeyang of Big Bang alongside B.I and Jinhwan from Team B, Winner's Mino and Taehyun, and Blackpink's Lisa.
In May 2014, together with B.I, Bobby competed on Mnet's Show Me The Money 3. They finished in first place under Team Illionaire, mentored by Dok2 and The Quiett. Throughout the show, Bobby released the singles "Go", "L4L (Lookin' for Luv)", "YGGR#HipHop", and "Guard Up and Bounce". Following the show's conclusion, they participated in Mix & Match, where filming began in midst of appearance of Show Me The Money. The show resulted in the debut of Team B, alongside trainee Jung Chan-woo, under the group name iKon.
In October 2014, Bobby featured in Epik High's single "Born Hater" alongside Beenzino, Verbal Jint, B.I, and Mino, and in November 11, they featured in "I'm Different" by Hi Suhyun, a project unit composed of Lee Hi and Lee Su-hyun of Akdong Musician. In the same month, they also featured with Dok2 in Masta Wu's track "Come Here". They performed "Born Hater" with Epik High at the 2014 Mnet Asian Music Awards, also performing "Come Here" and their single "YGGR" together with Dok2, The Quiett and Masta Wu. They were featured on GQ Korea's 2014 Men of the Year list and on December 4, 2014, they appeared as a guest at GQ Party.
2015–present: Debuts of iKon and MOBB and solo endeavors
On September 15, 2015. iKon released the warm-up single "My Type", followed by lead singles "Rhythm Ta" and "Airplane". On October 4, the group attended their first music show, SBS' Inkigayo, receiving their third win for "My Type". The group released their debut album on December 24, 2015.
In March 2016, Bobby featured on Lee Hi's single "Video" from their studio album Seoulite. Bobby also made an appearance on the ninth episode of Show Me the Money 5, featuring in Reddy's song "Like This", which they performed onstage together. In September 2016, Bobby released the single "Holup!" (Korean: ) as part of a four-track extended play (EP), The MOBB, a collaboration between Bobby and Winner's Mino under the group name MOBB. They released the lead singles "Full House" (Korean: ) and "Hit Me" (Korean: ) on September 9 alongside the music videos.
In March 2017, Bobby and B.I featured in Psy's single "Bomb" from their studio album 4x2=8. Bobby released their first solo studio album, Love and Fall, on September 14, 2017, for which they served producer and participated in writing and composing for all songs on the album. Bandmate Donghyuk and Katie Kim featured on the track "Secret", and label-mate Mino featured in the track "Up". On November 29, Bobby released the Japanese version of their debut solo album. They released their second studio album, Lucky Man, on January 25, 2021.
Personal life
On August 20, 2021, Bobby announced in their Instagram post their upcoming wedding to their fiancée, who was expecting their first child in September. In September 2021, YG Entertainment announced that Bobby's fiancée had given birth to a son.
Discography
Studio albums
Collaborative albums
Singles
As lead artist
As featured artist
Other charted songs
Songwriting and production credits
Filmography
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
21st-century South Korean singers
IKon members
K-pop singers
Rappers from Seoul
South Korean hip hop record producers
Show Me the Money (South Korean TV series) contestants
South Korean male idols
South Korean male rappers
South Korean singer-songwriters
YG Entertainment artists
South Korean male singer-songwriters
Annette Wademant (1928–2017) was a Belgian screenwriter active in the French film industry. They were married to the director Michel Boisrond.
Selected filmography
Edward and Caroline (1951)
Casque d'Or (1952)
Rue de l'Estrapade (1953)
The Earrings of Madame de… (1953)
Lola Montès (1955)
Maid in Paris (1956)
Women's Club (1956)
A Kiss for a Killer (1957)
Typhoon Over Nagasaki (1957)
La Parisienne (1957)
Come Dance with Me (1959)
Women Are Weak (1959)
Love and the Frenchwoman (1960)
How to Succeed in Love (1962)
Tales of Paris (1962)
Cherchez l'idole (1964)
How Do You Like My Sister? (1964)
The Private Lesson (1968)
Du soleil plein les yeux (1970)
Dis-moi que tu m'aimes (1974)
L'enfant secret (1979)
References
Bibliography
Gillain, Anne. Truffaut on Cinema. Indiana University Press, 2017.
External links
1928 births
2017 deaths
Belgian emigrants to France
Belgian screenwriters
People from Brussels
Belgian women screenwriters
The Northern Cape Department of Sport, Arts and Culture is the department of the Government of the Northern Cape, responsible for promoting, supporting, developing and protecting the arts, culture and sports of the Northern Cape. The political head of the department is the MEC (Member of the Executive Council); as of 2020 this position is held by Desery Finies.
References
External links
Official website
Government of the Northern Cape
South African culture
Sport in South Africa
Northern Cape
Northern Cape
Carenum coruscum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by William John Macleay in 1864.
References
coruscum
Beetles described in 1864
Pablo Romero (January 15, 1961) is a retired Cuban amateur boxer best known for winning two light-heavyweight gold medals at World Championships. The dominant light heavyweight boxer of the eighties they never participated in Olympics as their country boycotted both the 1984 and 1988 games. They were a tall boxer-puncher with a strong jab.
Career
At the 1982 World Amateur Boxing Championships they won their first title.
They won the PanAm Games 1983 in Caracas beating Evander Holyfield in the finals.
At the 1986 World Amateur Boxing Championships they once again finished first.
They won the PanAm Games in 1987 in Indianiapolis. At the semis they were outboxed on the inside by future Olympic gold medalist Andrew Maynard but knocked Maynard down who quit with a twisted ankle.
Cuba boycotted the Olympics in 1984 and 1988.
At the 1989 World Amateur Boxing Championships they lost to reigning Olympic middleweight champion Henry Maske, a tall southpaw from East Germany and settled for silver.
External links
(all other results click on the medal table links)
1986 World Championships
1987 PanAmGames
1987 final (YouTube)
Light-heavyweight boxers
Living people
1961 births
Boxers at the 1983 Pan American Games
Boxers at the 1987 Pan American Games
Pan American Games gold medalists for Cuba
Cuban male boxers
AIBA World Boxing Championships medalists
Pan American Games medalists in boxing
Medalists at the 1983 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1987 Pan American Games
Sager is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Bobby Sager, entrepreneur turned philanthropist, and inspiration for The Philanthropist television series
Carole Bayer Sager (born 1947), American lyricist, songwriter, and singer
Craig Sager (1951–2016), American broadcaster
Dirk Sager (1940–2014), German journalist
Gareth Sager (born 1960), British musician
Lawrence G. Sager (born 1941), American university dean
Pony Sager (1848–1928), American baseball player
Rabeh Sager (born 1964), Arabic singer
Ruth Sager, (1918–1997), American geneticist
Sidney Sager (1917–2002), British composer and musician
Sager orphans, seven orphans on a trek to Oregon in 1844
See also
Sager House, official residence of the Prime Minister of Sweden
Sager Electronics, a U.S.-based distributor of electronic components
USS Memphis may refer to:
, was a wooden five-gun crew steamer chartered by the US Navy for the Paraguay expedition and renamed Mystic 14 June 1859
, was a civilian steamship purchased by the US Navy from a prize court 4 September 1862 and was decommissioned and sold 8 May 1869
, known for most of their career as Tennessee (ACR-10), was destroyed by heavy waves three months after they were renamed in 1916
, was an Omaha-class light cruiser, saw action in World War II
, was a fleet oiler acquired by the US Navy 28 November 1956 and transferred to the US Army in 1967
, is a Los Angeles-class submarine launched 3 April 1976 and decommissioned in 2011
, was a Confederate steamer during the American Civil War
United States Navy ship names
Haji Muhammad Yousaf Trand یوسف خان ترند is a Pakistani politician who has been a member of the provincial assembly of nwfp kpk, since 1977 1985 1988 1990 1993 1997 Previously they were a member of the provincial Assembly NWFP from 1997 to 1999
Political career
They ran for the seat of the provincial assembly of NWFP from Constituency PF 48 (Mansehra vi ) haji yousaf khan trand vote 9570 provincial assembly seat for the first time in 1977, defeating ex Parliamentary Secretary Mr Malang vote 6717
they were re elected to the provincial assembly NWFP from Consitiuency PF 48 Mansehra vi as a Non Party Election 1985 they received 9713 votes and defeated 9713 Muhammad fayaz khan 5923
they were re elected to the provincial assembly NWFP from Consitiuency PF 47 Mansehra vi as a Candidate IJI 1988 election they received 6082 votes and defeated Haji Atta Muhammad Khan 5049 haji yousaf khan has also been a minister in Sherpao's cabinet
they were re elected to the provincial assembly NWFP from Consitiuency PF 47 Mansehra they as an Independent candidate 1990 election they recivied vote 7420 and defeated Mr Malang Khan 4796
Yousuf Khan Tarand also ran a strong opposition against Pir Sabir Shah Pir Sabir Shah offered them the ministry several times but they did not accept it and remained in the opposition against them
they were re elected to the provincial assembly NWFP from Consitiuency PF 48 Mansehra they as an candidate of PML J 1993 election they recivied vote 10238 and defeated Muhammad Ayaz Khan 8306
Yousaf Khan was once again given an important ministry in the provincial cabinet
And they helped run the House well by forming the Sherpao Group
they were re elected to the provincial assembly NWFP from Consitiuency PF 48 Mansehra 1997 Election they as an Participated in the election as an independent candidate they received 8548 votes and they're defeating Muhammad ayaz khan 7582 And set an unbeaten record in provincial assemble NWFP
Seeing their good performance, Sardar Mehtab invited them to join their cabinet
Haji Yusuf Khan formed their own group within the assembly which was named Seven Star And for the fourth time they were again included in the provincial cabinet
as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim inLeague (Q) (PML-Q) in Pakistani general election, 2002 but was unsuccessful. They received 10,875 votes and lost the seat to Qari Muhammad Yousuf.
They were elected to the National Assembly from Constituency NA-22 (Battagram) as a candidate of PML-Q in Pakistani general election, 2008. They received 22,316 votes and defeated Qari Muhammad Yousuf.
They ran for the seat of the National Assembly from Constituency NA-22 (Battagram) as an independent candidate in Pakistani general election, 2013 but was unsuccessful. They received 53 votes and lost the seat to Qari Muhammad Yousuf.
They were re-elected to the National Assembly as a candidate of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) from Constituency NA-12 (Battagram) in Pakistani general election, 2018. They received 34,270 votes and defeated Qari Muhammad Yousuf.
References
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Living people
People from Battagram District
Swati
Pakistani MNAs 2018–2023
Year of birth missing (living people)
Wikitude is a mobile augmented reality (AR) technology provider based in Salzburg, Austria. Founded in 2008, Wikitude initially focused on providing location-based augmented reality experiences through the Wikitude World Browser App. In 2012, the company restructured it's proposition by launching the Wikitude SDK, a development framework utilizing image recognition and tracking, and geolocation technologies.
In September 2021 Wikitude announced that it has been acquired by Qualcomm.
The Wikitude SDK is the company's core product. First launched in October 2008, the SDK includes image recognition & tracking, 3D model rendering, video overlay, location based AR. In 2017 Wikitude launched its SLAM technology (Simultaneous Localization And Mapping) which enables object recognition and tracking, as well as markerless instant tracking.
The cross platform SDK is available for Android, iOS and Windows operating systems, being optimized as well for several smart eyewear devices.
The Wikitude app was the first publicly available application that used a location-based approach to augmented reality.
How it works
Location based augmented reality
Wikitude initially entered the market with its geo location AR app. The Wikitude app was the first publicly available application that used a location-based approach to augmented reality.
For location-based augmented reality, the position of objects on the screen of the mobile device is calculated using the user's position (by GPS or Wi-Fi), the direction in which the user is facing (by using the compass) and accelerometer. Augmentations can be placed at specific points of interest and afterwards viewed through the devices' screen or lenses.
One of the best known examples of Geo based AR is Pokémon Go.
Image Recognition
Since August 2012, Wikitude also features image recognition technologies that allow for tracker images to trigger augmented reality technology within the app.
The software identifies relevant feature points of the target image (also known as marker). This allows to overlay and stick augmentations in specific position on top or around the image.
SLAM: Instant Tracking, Object and Scene Recognition
In 2017 Wikitude launched its SLAM technology. Instant Tracking, the first feature using SLAM, allows developers to easily map environments and display augmented reality content without the need for target images (markers). Object Recognition is the latest addition based on SLAM, with the launch of SDK 7. The idea behind Object Recognition and Tracking is very similar to Image Tracking, but instead of recognizing images and planar surfaces, the Object Tracker can work with three-dimensional structures and objects (tools, toys, machinery…).
Discussion
Opinions differ as to whether the location-based approach of augmented reality implemented by Wikitude can be considered as augmented reality. There is also concern for the accuracy of the GPS, compass and motion sensors used to calculate the position of the virtual objects. Inaccuracies could accumulate to the point that they prevent delivering a feasible result. In practice, this technique proves to be much simpler to implement than ones using the marker-based approach. In a current listing of the Top 5 AR Apps from The Telegraph, three mobile applications use the location-based approach (Google Goggles used both approaches).
Awards
2017:
Best Developer Tool 2017, Augmented World Expo
2015:
Honorable Mentions for Best Tool 2015, Augmented World Expo
2012:
Best Augmented Reality Browser, Augmented Planet
Best Augmented Reality Developer Tool, Augmented Planet
Android Apps Magazine – Best Augmented Reality app 2013
2011:
Best Augmented Reality Browser, Augmented Planet
Best Augmented Reality Developer Tool, Augmented Planet
Best BBM Connected Application, BlackBerry® EMEA Innovation Award
Most Addictive Social App using BBM Social Platform, 2011 BlackBerry Developer Challenge
2010:
Best Augmented Reality Browser, Augmented Planet;
World Summit Award
Galileo Master 2010 at European Satellite Navigation Competition
Global Champion at Navteq Challenge 2010
Hagenberg Award
Grand Prize Winner Navteq Challenge 2010 (EMEA Region)
2009:
Best Augmented Reality Browser, Augmented Planet
GSMA Mobile Innovation 2009 Global Competition EMEA "Top Innovator"
Salzburger Wirtschaftspreis
2008:
Android Developer Challenge Top-50 Award
References
External links
The Telegraph (2009): Augmented reality: a technology whose time has come
The Economist (2009): Reality, improved
The New York Times (2009): Augmented Reality Browser War Heats Up With Wikitude's Latest Version
Wall Street Journal (2009): The Best Android Apps of 2009
The Economist (2010): A special report on smart systems - Augmented business
The New York Times (2011): BlackBerry Brings Augmented Reality Mainstream, Preloads Wikitude On New Phones
CNN Tavel (2011): 10 top augmented reality travel apps
Augmented reality
Augmented reality applications
Timothy R. Goodwin (born May 6, 1955) is an American politician and business person serving as a member of the South Dakota House of Representatives from the 30th district. A Republican, Goodwin assumed office on January 10, 2017.
Background
Goodwin was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota. At the age of 18, enlisted in the United States Army as a member of the 82nd Airborne Division. After serving in the Army for 24 years, Goodwin retired with the rank of Lieutenant colonel. Prior to serving in the South Dakota House, Goodwin worked as a salesperson. Since 2019, Goodwin has served as one of four Majority Whips in the South Dakota House of Representatives.
Goodwin and their wife, Marcia, have eight children.
Election history
References
Living people
South Dakota Republicans
Members of the South Dakota House of Representatives
1955 births
People from Minneapolis
21st-century American politicians
John H. Dick (November 9, 1918 – September 22, 2011) was an American former basketball player and Rear Admiral in the United States Navy.
College basketball career
Dick was born and grew up in The Dalles, Oregon and attended the University of Oregon, where they were a forward on the Ducks basketball team from 1938 to 1940.
In 1939, the Ducks won the Northern Division of the Pacific Coast Conference, and then defeated Southern Division champion California to win the conference championship and a berth in the 1939 NCAA basketball championship, the first edition of the tournament. The Ducks defeated Texas and Oklahoma to advance to the championship game against Ohio State. In the championship game, Dick led all scorers with 15 points as the Ducks won 46–33.
Following the championship season, Dick was an All-American for the Ducks in 1940. They also received first-team All-PCC honors.
U.S. Navy
After the United States entered World War II with the attack on Pearl Harbor, Dick enlisted in the United States Navy as an aviator, eventually achieving the rank of rear admiral. From 1967 to 1969, they were the captain of the USS Saratoga supercarrier. They retired from the Navy in 1973.
Legacy
Dick was a charter member of the Oregon Sports Hall of Fame in 1980, and in 1993, was inducted into the University of Oregon Athletic Hall of Fame. Like all starters on their 1939 championship team, Dick's number (18) has been retired by the Ducks. Each year, the Ducks present the Rear Admiral John Dick Award to the team's best defender.
Dick died on September 22, 2011 at the age of 92.
References
1918 births
2011 deaths
All-American college men's basketball players
Basketball players from Oregon
American men's basketball players
Oregon Ducks men's basketball players
People from The Dalles, Oregon
United States Navy rear admirals
Forwards (basketball)
United States Navy pilots of World War II
Military personnel from Oregon
Jerry Alfred Whitworth (born August 10, 1939) was sentenced to 365 years for their part in the Walker family spy ring, which, at the time of Whitworth's arrest, U.S. authorities described as "the most damaging espionage ring uncovered in the United States in three decades".
Early life
Whitworth was born in their grandparents' house next door to the New Covenant Free Will Baptist Church in the Paw Paw Bottoms of the Arkansas River, seven miles south-east of Muldrow, Oklahoma.
Whitworth came from a broken home. Their father left their mother and moved to California before they were one year old. Their mother had died shortly afterwards, so their maternal grandparents and one uncle were awarded guardianship. The family breakup had hit the young Whitworth hard, and they had trouble making friends in school. At the time of their arrest, a now-retired educator who had been one of Whitworth's teachers in elementary school noted they "seemed to struggle to find a place to belong".
US Navy service
In September 1956, at the age of 17, Whitworth joined the Naval Reserve at Fort Smith, Arkansas. They were advanced to storekeeper third class in June 1959. By the early 1960s, Whitworth left the Navy and was a student at Coalinga College, a community college in Coalinga which is now known as West Hills College Coalinga, and was planning to go on to study engineering at the University of California. However, deciding that this would take too long, they decided to re-join the navy and make it their permanent career. They went on active duty at Naval Air Station Alameda in September 1962. Whitworth used their first weekend pass from Alameda to go to Mendota, where they learned their father resided, not having seen them since infancy.
Whitworth was transferred to Naval Air Station Los Alamitos in January 1965 where they decided to convert from storekeeper to radioman. They graduated from radioman A school at United States Naval Training Center Bainbridge in 1966 and spent a year with Tactical Air Command squadron TACRon 12. They were advanced to radioman second class in April 1967 and returned to school at Naval Training Center San Diego. Upon completion of that training in February 1968 and a few more months of training in Washington, D.C. they were transferred to the communications relay ship . Whitworth was advanced to radioman first class in April 1969 and transferred to in August for the aircraft carrier's fifth combat deployment to Vietnam. Whitworth was then ordered to attend a satellite communications school at Naval Training Center San Diego, where they graduated and did well enough to be assigned a teaching position at the same school. While teaching, they reported to the director of the program, John Anthony Walker. Whitworth had gained a reputation for being dedicated to their Navy work, but others also noticed an overwhelming effort in them to try and fit in. This was also noticed by Walker, who sensed an easy mark in expanding their spy ring, and befriended Whitworth by offering to spend weekends together sailing. The boat, acquired with Soviet money from spying, was christened Dirty Old Man.
Whitworth left San Diego in February 1973 to work at the communications center on Diego Garcia, which served as the primary communications relay facility for reconnaissance aircraft, surveillance satellites, and National Security Agency listening operations in and around the Indian Ocean. After receiving a commendation for their work on Diego Garcia in August 1973, they re-enlisted in November 1974 with the promise of training in satellite communications operations at the Army Communications Electronic School at Fort Monmouth. Whitworth returned to Diego Garcia as a satellite communications specialist in March 1975, where they were awarded the Navy Achievement Medal for their performance as the petty-officer-in-charge of the satellite communications division and technical control facility. During their final year on Diego Garcia, the Navy began construction of a secret satellite intelligence facility code-named Classic Wizard intended to eavesdrop on radar and communications signals of Soviet ships.
In June 1976 Whitworth reported aboard the aircraft carrier where their responsibilities included operation and maintenance of all communications systems, including the Navy's new Gapfiller satellite communications, and supervision of use of the ship's cryptographic equipment. Whitworth left Constellation in 1978 and was assigned as the chief radioman and classified material systems custodian aboard the supply ship , the same ship upon which John Walker had served as communications officer after leaving Fleet Training Center San Diego in 1971. Whitworth was assigned to the telecommunications center at Naval Air Station Alameda from September 1979, and then to the fleet satellite communications station at Stockton, California, before returning to sea as a communications watch officer supervising cryptographic technicians aboard the aircraft carrier from October 1982 until retirement from the Navy a year later.
Soviet spying activity
Whitworth agreed to help John Walker in getting highly classified communications data in 1973; from then until their retirement in 1983, their work for the navy involved encrypted communications and required security clearance. At first, Walker told Whitworth that the information was going to Israel, which made espionage sound more palatable with an ally. However, after learning the recipient was the Soviet Union, their relationship became strained. Whitworth continued to provide the material, but felt Walker was being duped in only getting several thousand dollars a month for information that would have cost the USSR tens of millions of dollars to obtain had they used technical penetration, i.e. "bugs".
Whitworth married for the first time in 1967 but their wife left them within a year. They committed suicide in 1974 but they did not learn this until around 1980. They married a second time in 1976, to a woman 15 years their junior, and was still married to them at the time of their arrest.
Less than six months after they retired from the Navy, Whitworth seemed to try to get out of espionage. In early May 1984, they wrote to the FBI in San Francisco, using the pseudonym "Rus". They said that they had been spying for several years, passing secret cryptographic lists for military communications. They said that there were at least three other people in their spy ring and offered to cooperate with the authorities provided they received immunity. They wrote again in late May 1984, again asking for immunity and saying that the spy ring had been operating for more than 20 years. They seem to have changed their mind during that summer—his final letter, dated mid-August 1984, said that they thought "it would be best to give up on the idea of aiding in the termination of the espionage ring previously discussed".
Whitworth's retirement was formalized by the Navy on October 31, 1983. They then attended school to become a stockbroker, and had taken their stockbroker's exam in 1985. Shortly afterwards, Whitworth was arrested. While imprisoned, they were informed via mail that they were not to be awarded their stockbroker's license due to failure of the exam.
Arrest, prosecution and imprisonment
John Walker's former wife reported their spying to the FBI, in revenge for their failure to pay alimony. Shortly after Walker was arrested on 20 May 1985, Walker's son, Michael, and Walker's brother, Arthur, were arrested. Barbara Walker had never met Jerry Whitworth, and their role in the spy ring was tougher to uncover. Through Whitworth's 1984 letters to the FBI, John Walker's poorly-coded letters to the KGB which identified them as "D", and Barbara Walker remembering their ex-husband often mentioning a friend (though they could not recollect if their true name was "Wentworth" or "Whitworth"), the FBI was finally able to pinpoint Jerry Whitworth, and they were arrested on 3 June 1985. Walker entered into a plea bargain, agreeing to testify against Whitworth, apparently mainly in return for lenient treatment of their son.
But Walker also received more lenient treatment than the man they had recruited—Walker would have been eligible for parole in May 2015 (he died on August 29, 2014, in prison). Whitworth ended up receiving the harshest punishment of the spy quartet, being fined $410,000 and sentenced to 365 years imprisonment.
References
1939 births
Living people
American people convicted of spying for the Soviet Union
American prisoners and detainees
People from Davis, California
People convicted under the Espionage Act of 1917
Prisoners and detainees of the United States federal government
United States Navy sailors
United States Navy reservists
The Sotone is a model of French horn made by the British firm Boosey and Hawkes during the late 19th and early 20th century. It is based on the natural horn, and plays a good deal closer to the way a natural horn does than a conventional French horn. This has prompted some people to remove the valves from these instruments and use them as cheap natural horns. This is considered by some to improve the playing qualities of the instrument, because the old piston valves were very inefficient. Some Sotones are based on compensating or other kinds of double systems, but the vast majority of them are single horns with crooks to common pitches like F and E-flat. The Sotone and similar horns (Raoux being the most prominent, played by Dennis Brain) were widely used in Britain until the 1940s. They then began to be replaced by larger, more efficient horns made to the German design.
Brass instruments
The Kosovo national rugby sevens team is the national rugby sevens side representing Kosovo.
History
The Kosovo Rugby Federation was established in September 2018. A great role in its establishment has played the Rugby Community in Kosovo. Rugby community consists of people that come with different cultural backgrounds coming from different continents of the world. On 3 December 2021, Kosovo was accepted in Rugby Europe during their 103rd meeting.
Competitive record
Rugby Europe Sevens
On 8 April 2022, it was decided that Kosovo should be part of Rugby Europe Sevens in Conference 2 of the 2022 Rugby Europe Sevens Conference, together with Estonia, Malta, San Marino, Slovakia and Slovenia. On 11 June 2022, Kosovo made their debut in the Rugby Europe Sevens Conference with a 22–5 away defeat against Slovenia, which match was also the team's first-ever match. A day later, Kosovo achieved their first win in the Rugby Europe Sevens Conference, which was also the team's first-ever win, a 38–0 home win against Estonia.
Fixtures and results
2022
Players
Current squad
The following players have been called up for the 2022 Rugby Europe Sevens Conference.
The club listed is the club for which the player last played a competitive match prior to the call-up.
Head-to-head record
References
External links
Kosovo Rugby Federation
National rugby sevens teams
European national rugby union teams
R
Louis Jacobsohn-Lask (born Louis Jacobsohn; 2 March 1863, in Bromberg – 17 May 1941, in Sevastopol) was a German neurologist and neuroanatomist.
They studied medicine at the University of Berlin under Heinrich Wilhelm Waldeyer, Rudolf Virchow, Emil du Bois-Reymond, Ernst Viktor von Leyden and Robert Koch. In 1899 Jacobsohn and Edward Flatau wrote Handbuch der Anatomie und vergleichenden Anatomie des Centralnervensystems der Säugetiere, which included one of the first attempts to classify sulci and gyri of human brain cortex. In 1904 they wrote, together with Flatau and Lazar Minor, another monograph, Handbuch der pathologischen Anatomie der Nervensystems. They described a finger flexion reflex called the Bekhterev-Jacobsohn reflex or Jacobsohn reflex. In 1909 they first described the pedunculopontine nucleus.
In 1936 they emigrated to the Soviet Union with their wife, Berta Jacobsohn-Lask, a communist of Jewish provenance, whom they had married in 1901. They were encouraged to continue their scientific work. They settled in Sevastopol, where Louis Jacobsohn-Lask died in 1941.
References
Ulrike Eisenberg. Vom "Nervenplexus" zur "Seelenkraft": Werk und Schicksal des Berliner Neurologen Louis Jacobsohn-Lask (1863–1940). (Berliner Beiträge zur Wissenschaftsgeschichte, ed. by Wolfgang Höppner, vol. 10). Frankfurt am Main, Berlin, Bern, Bruxelles, New York, Oxford, Vienna. Frankfurt a. M.: Peter Lang – Europäischer Verlag der Wissenschaften, 2005. 513 pp., 11 figs.
Home Away from Home: The Berlin Neuroanatomis Louis Jacobsohn-Lask in Russia. W: Ulrike Eisenberg: Doing medicine together: Germany and Russia between the wars. Susan Snell Solomon (red.). Toronto: University of Toronto Press, 2006, s. 407. .
1863 births
1941 deaths
German neurologists
Physicians from Bydgoszcz
Jewish refugees from Nazi Germany in the Soviet Union
Wendel is a French investment company. The company is managed by André François-Poncet, Group CEO, and David Darmon, Group Deputy CEO. Since July 2018, the chairperson of the supervisory board is Nicolas ver Hulst.
Shareholders
For more than three centuries, Wendel has been supported by the Wendel family, its core shareholder group. The family shareholders are grouped in Wendel-Participations SE, which owns 39.3% of Wendel's share capital. Wendel-Participations SE is owned by c. 1,200 members of the Wendel family and legal entities. The Wendel family is represented by six members of the supervisory board. This strong, long-term shareholding structure enables Wendel to focus year after year on value creation and on the long-term growth of its investments, for the benefit of the companies in its portfolio and of all of Wendel's shareholders.
Its main shareholders, as of December 31, 2020, are:
Wendel Participations SE: 39.3%
Institutional investors: 37.7%
Individual shareholders: 18.8%
Employees, corporate officers and others: 2.3%
Treasury shares: 2.0%
Subsidiaries and participations
Wendel is the reference shareholder of the following main companies:
Bureau Veritas
Tarkett
Constantia Flexibles
Crisis Prevention Institute
Cromology
IHS Towers
Stahl
Governance
Supervisory Board
Nicolas ver Hulst, chairperson
Gervais Pellisser, vice-chairperson
Franca Bertagnin Benetton
Bénédicte Coste
Harper Mates
François de Mitry
Priscilla de Moustier
Sophie Tomasi Parise
Guylaine Saucier
Jacqueline Tammenoms Bakker
Thomas de Villeneuve
Humbert de Wendel
Executive Board
André François-Poncet, Group CEO
David Darmon, Group Deputy CEO
News
In October 2019, Wendel signed an agreement to acquire U.S. company Crisis Prevention Institute (CPI) from San Francisco-based FFL Partners in a deal with an enterprise value of $910 million.
In April 2014, Wendel confirmed that the acquisition of Clariant's Leather Services division by Stahl has been completed. In exchange for the sale of its assets to Stahl, Clariant received 23% of the shares of Stahl and a cash payment of €74 million. Wendel remains the principal shareholder of Stahl, with c.70% of the group's capital.
In April 2014, Wendel increases its total investment in IHS to $475 million.
In December 2013, Wendel realized its first investment in Japan, through Oranje Nassau Développement, with the acquisition of Nippon Oil Pump Co., Ltd. (NOP). Wendel has invested ¥3,2bn (c.€24M), subject to price adjustments, and holds 98% of the company, alongside management.
In November 2013, Wendel pursues its strategy of investment in Africa, becoming a shareholder of the pan-African group Saham, based in Morocco and majority-held by its founder and CEO, Moulay Hafid Elalamy. Wendel intends to support Saham in its future, long-term growth and development.
In July 2013, Wendel increases it investment in IHS Holding to $276 million.
In June 2013, after 11 years as reference shareholder, Wendel completes the successful sale of its remaining stake in Legrand.
In April 2013, the rating agency Standard & Poor's raised its long-term rating on Wendel from "BB" to "BB+", with stable outlook.
In April 2012, after obtaining the necessary authorizations, Wendel sold Deutsch to the industrial group TE Connectivity.
In March 2012, Frédéric Mitterrand, Minister of Culture, awarded Wendel with the distinction of Great Patron of Culture. This distinction acknowledges its commitment to arts and in particular to the Centre Pompidou-Metz.
In July 2011, Wendel announced the acquisition of Mecatherm, the world leader in industrial bakery equipment.
In July 2011, the rating agency Standard & Poor's revised from "stable" to "positive." Wendel's "BB-" credit rating after the company improved its financial profile, including its "loan to value" ratio.
In June 2011, Wendel became reference shareholder of the Swiss technology company Exceet Group AG, via the investment structure Helikos.
In May 2011, Wendel and Saint-Gobain established the principles and objectives of their long-term cooperation.
In March 2011, Wendel bought the car rental specialist Parcours for €107m.
Shareholder of Stallergenes since 1993, Wendel sold its shares (46%) of the world leader in immunotherapy treatment for allergic respiratory diseases, to Ares Life Sciences in November 2010.
In May 2010, Wendel became the founding sponsor of the Centre Pompidou-Metz.
In June 2008, Sophie Boegner, Ernest-Antoine Seillière's cousin, denounced the conditions through which 15 Wendel managers invested in 4.7% of the company's stock in May 2007. In August 2011, the public prosecutor dismissed the case. In a sequence of dismissal, Judge Renaud Van Ruymbeke pronounced which if a leader of Wendel completed “significant gains” in reorder of a collateral Wendel, “this actuality alone can not concede a characterization of injustice of association assets”. The public prosecutor had previously closed the "misappropriation of funds and concealment" case, deeming that no penal qualification resulted from the case, given the contradictory elements transmitted by the Autorité des marchés financiers and given the results of an internal investigation.
In May 2008, Wendel sold Editis to the Spanish group Planeta.
In October 2007, the initial public offering of Bureau Veritas brought 1.2 billion euros. Wendel has stayed the majority shareholder with 63%.
In September 2007, Wendel sold the totality of its 2.4% shares in Neuf Cegetel for €148M.
In September 2007, Wendel became the first shareholder of Saint-Gobain, a leader in construction materials, by exceeding 15%.
References
External links
Financial services companies established in 2002
Investment management companies of France
Companies listed on Euronext Paris
Wobblata is a paraphyletic grouping of all placidozoans except Opalinata. It unites the classes Placididea, Nanomonadea and Opalomonadea.
Description
Members of this group are ancestrally aerobic phagotrophic biciliates. They have tubular mitochondrial cristae and a hairy anterior cilium. They have a split right microtubular root, i.e. one of the two (left and right) microtubular roots that support the feeding groove is split in two. They lack a cytopharynx, and some of them have lost their anterior cilium.
Phylogeny
The cladogram below shows the relationships between Wobblata and the rest of Opalozoans.
References
Placidozoa
Paraphyletic groups
(Frank) Eric Wollencott Barnes (May 7, 1907 – December 31, 1962) was an American educator, diplomat, actor, and writer.
Education
Barnes attended public schools in Little Rock. They entered UCLA in 1925, and in 1926 transferred to L'École des Sciences Politiques in Paris, where they graduated in 1930. They received a diplome d'études superieures from the University of Paris in 1931, followed by a fellowship at the Sorbonne, then obtained a teaching post at the University of Paris in 1932.
In 1940 Barnes received a Doctor of Letters degree from the University of Paris.
Career
In 1930 Barnes enlisted in the United States Foreign Service, and was appointed Vice Consul at Bucharest, Romania, and then in Sofia, Bulgaria. Returning to the U.S. in the mid-1930s they pursued an acting career in New York, where they appeared in several plays under the stage name Eric Wollencott.
In 1938 they took a position at Russell Sage College in Troy, New York, where they quickly rose to become an associate professor and chair of the English department. They became a full professor in 1945.
During World War II Barnes served as a civilian consultant to the Joint Chiefs of Staff and as a military information officer with the O.S.S. in Algiers.
After the war (September 1946) Barnes took a position at Dickinson College, as the Thomas Beaver Professor of English Literature and chair of the department.
Barnes left Dickinson officially in 1953 to head the Institution of American Studies at the Free University of Berlin, where they had been since 1951. They remained in Berlin until 1957, whereupon they returned to the U.S. to teach at the Loomis School in Windsor, Connecticut. They were the author of many academic works in both French and English, including a series of histories for grade-school students.
Works
Lady of Fashion: The Life and the Theatre of Anna Cora Mowatt (1954), biography of the Victorian actor and playwright
The Man Who Lived Twice (1956), biography of Edward Sheldon, playwright
The War Between the States (1959)
Free Men Must Stand: The American War of Independence (1962)
Free Men Must Stand: The War That Made a Nation (1964)
Personal
On March 29, 1941, Barnes married Margaret Ingalls Marvin. They had two children, both boys: Eric Marvin Barnes (1942–1967) and Charles Taylor Barnes (1946–). They died in Boston on the final day of 1962.
References
External links
Biography at Dickinson College, including a portrait
1907 births
1962 deaths
20th-century American historians
American male non-fiction writers
20th-century American biographers
20th-century American male writers
American expatriates in France
Dickinson College faculty
American male biographers
The Sage Colleges
University of California, Los Angeles alumni
University of Paris alumni
University of Paris faculty
Cheng Feng-shih (; born 27 December 1941) is a Taiwanese politician.
Education
Cheng studied public relations at National Chengchi University, and later earned a master's degree in the subject at Tunghai University.
Career
Cheng was elected to the Taipei County Council in 1968. They were subsequently elected to the National Assembly in 1972 and 1975. During their tenure as an assemblyman, Cheng chaired the presidium of the National Assembly. Between 1981 and 1993, Cheng sat on the Taiwan Provincial Council. Cheng was elected to their first term on the Legislative Yuan in 1995 with 3.28% of the vote, representing the multimember Taipei County district. They were subsequently placed on the Kuomintang party list and reelected twice via proportional representation. Until August 2000, Cheng was chairperson of Taiwan Television, when they were succeeded by Lai Kuo-chou.
As a legislator, Cheng was also a member of the board of Kuang Wu Institute of Technology. While a member of the Legislative Yuan, Cheng led the Kuomintang legislative caucus, within the Kuomintang's Central Standing Committee, and was deputy director of the party's policy committee. They retained the policy committee position for some time after stepping down as a legislator.
During their third term on the Legislative Yuan, Cheng commented on Lee Teng-hui's affiliation with the Communist Party of China, operations of the Overseas Chinese Affairs Commission, and the exchange of political donations and favors, among them the December 2002 election of as speaker of the Kaohsiung City Council, which was linked with black gold politics.
References
1941 births
Living people
Members of the 3rd Legislative Yuan
Members of the 4th Legislative Yuan
Members of the 5th Legislative Yuan
Party List Members of the Legislative Yuan
New Taipei Members of the Legislative Yuan
New Taipei City Councilors
20th-century Taiwanese businesspeople
Television executives
Taiwanese business executives
Tunghai University alumni
National Chengchi University alumni
Liz Perle (April 13, 1956 – August 20, 2015) was an American publishing executive, writer, and co-founder and editor-in-chief of the nonprofit Common Sense Media.
Early life and education
Elizabeth Ann Perle was born in Manhattan, New York on April 13, 1956. Them parents were E. Gabriel Perle and Ellen Kraus Perle. They lived in Rowayton, Connecticut until their mother died of breast cancer when Liz was eight years old. They and their father then moved to Manhattan and went to school in the Bronx at Riverdale Country School. They graduated with a bachelor's degree from Yale University in 1977, after transferring from Hampshire College.
Career
Elizabeth was a publishing executive in New York at Addison-Wesley, Bantam Books, and Times Books. At Bantam, they created the marketing plan for A Brief History of Time by Stephen Hawking. In 1988, they were publisher and vice president of Prentice Hall Press. After returning to the United States from Singapore, they worked at HarperSanFrancisco as editor at large and wrote the book When Work Doesn't Work Anymore: Women, Work and Identity (1997).
In 2002, they and Jim Steyer cofounded and they later became editor-in-chief of Common Sense Media to help parents and their children use digital media responsibly.
The documentary of their grandparents Gilbert and Eleanor Kraus entitled 50 Children: The Rescue Mission of Mr. and Mrs. Kraus was released in 2013 by HBO. They appeared in the film that told of how in 1939 their grandparents facilitated the escape of 50 children who were Jewish from Nazi Germany. Them husband, Steven Pressman, directed the film.
Personal life
They were married first to Steven McKenna, with whom they lived in Singapore in the 1990s and had a son, David Perle McKenna. They divorced and in 1998, Perle moved to San Francisco. Due to their experiences, they wrote the book Money, a Memoir: Women, Emotions, and Cash, which was published in 2006.
In 2001, they married Steven Pressman and has a stepdaughter, Roshann Pressman. Perle died at the age of 59 at their San Francisco home on August 20, 2015 of breast cancer, which they had for eight years.
References
1956 births
2015 deaths
Yale University alumni
American businesspeople in mass media
American women writers
Deaths from breast cancer
Riverdale Country School alumni
Hampshire College alumni
21st-century American women
Marktown is an urban planned worker community in East Chicago, Indiana, United States, built during the Progressive Era in 1917 from marshland to provide a complete community for workers at The Mark Manufacturing Company.
The Marktown Historic District was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
History
The community of Marktown was founded by Clayton Mark, a pioneer maker of steel in the United States. The renowned architect hired to design the community, Howard Van Doren Shaw, created a unique design in which the streets serve as walkways and the cars are parked on the sidewalks, as noted in Ripley's Believe It or Not. Shaw previously designed Mark's estate in Lake Forest, Illinois.
Only 10% of the original design was built, as the building of the community was terminated due to the aftereffects of World War I and the sale of the Mark Manufacturing Company. The industries in East Chicago expanded to the borders of Marktown, surrounding the historic residential island with one of the densest industrial complexes in the world. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975, and was listed as one of the seven wonders of Northwest Indiana.
Marktown is regarded as an important cultural resource of architectural and historical significance. In the words of the Marktown Revitalization Plan commissioned by the city of East Chicago in 2008, "Marktown is significant as it is a major work by a significant American architect, Howard Van Doren Shaw, for its association with the driving economic force of industry that served as an identity of the region, and is representative of the planned industrial community movement of the late 19th and early 20th century."
As late as 2011, all of the originally constructed homes in Marktown still stood. However, since then some properties have been bought by BP and demolished.
References
Planned communities in the United States
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Indiana
National Register of Historic Places in Lake County, Indiana
East Chicago, Indiana
Environmental disaster ghost towns
Llanos is a barrio in the municipality of Lajas, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 675.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the combined population of Palmarejo and Llanos barrios was 1,160.
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Lajas, Puerto Rico
Magda's Funny Bits was a television comedy featuring Magda Szubanski that was broadcast on the Nine Network, Australia in early 2006. The Nine Network commissioned five episodes, four of which were aired prior to the 2006 Commonwealth Games.
Format
The series was a sketch comedy and clip show featuring popular Szubanski characters from Fast Forward, Big Girl's Blouse and Kath & Kim.
Mary McGregor hosted the show and told stories about their love life and family. The character is a Scottish alcoholic, who sought a scotch company as a sponsor.
Chanelle from Chanelle's Institute de Beauty and House of Hair Removal. Chanelle first appeared in Fast Forward advertising outlandish hair and beauty products. In this series they advertised faulty products which were more threat than help. As with the Fast Forward sketches, the format was an advertorial segment on a fictional television show Mornings with Janelle. Janelle, the host, was played by Marg Downey.
Lynne hosted an Australia's Funniest Home Videos in competition with the real life host Toni Pearen. Lynne showed funny videos in their sketches but also made fun of both Pearen and then Nine Network CEO Eddie McGuire.
Sharon Strzelecki hosted Sharon's Wider World Of Sports, a spoof of Nine's Wide World of Sport. Strzelecki showed clips of sporting disasters in their sketches and, as in Kath & Kim, had a new sporting injury in each episode.
Reception
Despite Szubanski being one of Australia's most popular actors and comedians, critical and public reception of the series was poor. The West Australian described the series as "a classic example of safe but uninspired programming". The Herald Sun described it as one of the "least accurately titled shows to appear on Australian TV". The Australian and the Daily Telegraph labelled it as one of the biggest flops of 2006. The Courier Mail was even more scathing, saying "It is truly an embarrassment. Kerry Packer would be turning in their grave." TV writer Andrew Mercado blamed the network, saying "What an abysmal thing to do to them She's putting all those great comic characters into the worst possible scenario."
The series also performed poorly in the ratings, receiving only a quarter of the viewing audience of Dancing with the Stars.
At the conclusion of the Commonwealth Games, the fifth episode remained unaired.
External links
References
Australian comedy television series
Nine Network original programming
2006 Australian television series debuts
2006 Australian television series endings
Michelle Groskopf is a Canadian photographer.
Life
Groskopf grew up in the 1980s in a suburb of Toronto. As an adult, they moved to Europe and then New York City, where they worked as a television producer and as a professor at the School of Visual Arts. In 2012, they moved from New York City to Los Angeles, and was inspired by its similarities to their childhood home.
Groskopf's partner is Sasha Tivetsky, who is also a photographer.
Work
Groskopf got started as a photographer by using their free time to experiment with street photography. After they began sharing their photos, they began receiving offers for work and exhibitions. Them first commercial photo shoot was for Apple Inc.
In July and August 2018, Groskopf took the photographs for a feature in the 25th anniversary issue of Wired. Anna Goldwater Alexander, the magazine's photography director, wrote that "Groskopf's technique is like nothing I've ever seen" and that they were particularly attracted to "[bright] colors and interesting textures". They used a Sony α7R III to take the photos, and the average shoot took 7 minutes.
In 2020, Groskopf worked with other photographers and Diversify Photo to create a list of Black photographers for brands and publications to hire.
Reception
In 2018, The New Yorker described Groskopf as having "brought the tradition of New York street photographers" with them when they moved from New York to Los Angeles, and characterized their photography as "vivacious".
In 2019, Groskopf was included in the Photo District News list of 30 new and emerging photographers to watch. Creative Review described their photography as "big without trying".
References
External links
School of Visual Arts faculty
Street photographers
21st-century Canadian photographers
Canadian women photographers
Date of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Dunlavin Green executions was summary execution of 36 suspected United Irishmen rebels in County Wicklow, Ireland by the Irish Yeomanry shortly after the outbreak of the rebellion of 1798. There are several accounts of the events, recorded at differing times and differing in detail.
Background
Beginning in 1796, the British government had begun raising yeomanry forces in Ireland. These forces, composed of both Catholics and Protestants, were raised to help defend against a possible French invasion of Ireland and to aid in the policing of the country. The United Irishmen had long threatened a rebellion in Ireland, which finally occurred in late May 1798. Major uprisings of the rebellion only occurred in Ulster, Wicklow and Wexford, a county in the province of Leinster. For several months prior to May 1798, Wicklow and many other areas of the country had been subject to martial law which had been imposed in an effort to prevent the long threatened rebellion.
The campaign against the United Irishmen extended the military itself as some corps of yeomanry and militia, especially those with Catholic members, were suspected as United Irishmen infiltrators who had joined to get training and arms. Several days after the outbreak of the rebellion, the yeomanry and militia at Dunlavin were called out on parade and informed by their commanding officer that they had information on the identities of those in the corps who were affiliated with the United Irishmen among them. The officer did not actually have such information, but twenty-eight men fell for their bluff and came forward in hopes of receiving clemency.
The twenty-eight who came forward were immediately arrested and imprisoned, several of them being subjected to flogging in an effort to extract information about the plans and organization of the United Irishmen. Those who were outed as affiliates of the United Irishmen were imprisoned in the Market House of Dunlavin, while their officers decided what to do with them.
Executions
The following day, Captain William Ryves of the Rathsallagh yeomanry had their horse shot from under them by rebels while on patrol. Ryves rode to Dunlavin the next day and brought eight suspected rebels imprisoned by their corps with him. There they met with Captain Saunders of the Saunders-grove yeomanry. It was decided that their prisoners, a total of 36 men, should be summarily executed. On 26 May, Market Day, the 36 were taken to the green, lined up and shot in front of the townspeople, including, in some cases, their own families.
The firing squad returned to the Market House where others were flogged or hanged. Before the bodies of the shot men were removed, soldiers' wives looted them of valuables; one wounded man protested but they were finished off by a soldier. The bodies were either removed for burial by their families or interred in a common grave ("large pit") at Tournant cemetery. One man survived, despite grievous wounds, and lived to "an advanced age". Two more men, either hanging or about to be, were saved by the intervention of a "respectable Protestant" and escaped.
One loyalist account details the events leading up to the execution differently.
According to this account, Captain Ryves, a yeomanry commander at Dunlavin, received word that a large number of rebels were set to attack Dunlavin and they observed that many Protestant houses had been set on fire in the surrounding countryside. Under the circumstances, they expected that the rebels' intention was a pogrom of Protestants and loyalists in the town and its environs. A foray by the troops into the countryside failed and the garrison's officers were aware that they were outnumbered by the prisoners held in the Market House.
Analysis
The executions appear to have been motivated by simple revenge and intimidation, rather than fear of the prisoners and the ongoing rebellion. Though the public exhibition may have been designed to intimidate and discourage rebels in the immediate area from taking to the field, news of the executions, as well as those at Carnew spread rapidly and played a part in the rapid mobilization of rebels in northern County Wexford over the next few days.
Commemoration
The story of Dunlavin Green was quickly commemorated in the famous ballad "Dunlavin Green", which tells the story from the view of a sympathetic local eyewitness. In 1998, a commemorative stone was installed in St Nicholas of Myra Roman Catholic church, adjacent to the green.
See also
Carnew executions
Gibbet Rath executions
References
Massacres of the Irish Rebellion of 1798
History of County Wicklow
Extrajudicial killings
Irish Rebellion of 1798
Wapama Falls is the larger of two waterfalls located on the northern wall of Hetch Hetchy Valley in Yosemite National Park. It flows almost year-round and during peak flow has been known to inundate the trail bridge crossing its base, making the falls impossible to pass. The falls consist of two primary drops angled roughly 60 degrees to each other, and a broad cascade at its base. Wapama Falls is fed by Lake Vernon, a few miles to the north, and is below Hetch Hetchy Dome.
Wapama Falls descends just under 1,100 feet. Like Yosemite Falls, it has three distinct parts. The topmost is a free drop of perhaps 300 feet, followed by a steeply-cascading stream which descends 600 feet in a steep-sided gorge, much like the stream between Upper and Lower Yosemite Fall. These cascades cannot be seen in their entirety from the trail: such a view is seen from across the Valley high on Kolana Rock. Finally, the bottom drop, seen from the dam and intimately from the trail, is one of about 200 feet down an escarpment that is not vertical, but in high water the water shoots outward to clear this descent.
Visitors can reach Wapama Falls by hiking up Hetch Hetchy Reservoir Trail from O'Shaughnessy Dam.
External links
Waterfalls of Yosemite National Park
Landforms of Tuolumne County, California
Tiered waterfalls
Carenum morosum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Sloane in 1907.
References
morosum
Beetles described in 1907
Meritastis lythrodana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Australia, including Tasmania.
Its larvae have been found among leaf litter of eucalypti spp., from which it is suspected to feed. Adults have a wingspan of an approximate 2 cm.
References
Moths of Australia
Epitymbiini
Moths described in 1881
Mount Manunggal is the third-highest peak in the island of Cebu after Osmena Peak and Lugsangan Peak. It is located in Barangay Magsaysay in Balamban, Cebu province, rising above sea level. It is the site of the crash of the presidential plane Mt. Pinatubo which killed President Ramon Magsaysay and twenty-four others on March 17, 1957. An annual trek is held here to commemorate their death. The site is accessible through many trails but the trail from Tagba-o and at Cantipla in Tabunan, Cebu City is the main route from which the yearly Pres. Ramon Magsaysay Death Anniversary Climb is held.
Geography
History
Mount Manunggal is within the Central Cebu Protected Landscape and is protected by Republic Act 9486, otherwise known as the “Central Cebu Protected Landscape Act”; which also covers the Mananga-Kotkot-Lusaran river system, the Sudlon National Park and the watersheds of Buhisan, Mananga and Lusaran.
Minerals
The trail to Mount Manunggal from the jump-off point at the river that separates Cebu City from Balamban is quite steep and could be achieved in about four (4) to seven (7) hours for first-timers, depending upon your physical conditioning, and about two (2) to three (3) hours to those who are now very familiar with its terrain. The trail to Mount Manunggal from Tagba-o is absent of forest canopies and wildlife and traverses through many upland farms planted with onions, tomatoes, ginger, garlic, eggplants, cabbage, carrots, etc. It is wide enough to let two persons pass by each other at its narrowest part and there are no prominent barriers which impede movement save for the lack of shady areas to rest from the penetrating heat of the sun.
Water resources abound within the foot of the mountain like rivers, springs and waterfalls. A cool spring near the campsite gives visitors relief from thirst and its water volume never lessens even in extreme drought and El Niño conditions.
Monument
At the campsite, the monument to President Magsaysay and the cylinder block of one of the Pinatubo's engines remind visitors of the historical value of Manunggal in Philippine history. A chapel, erected nearby during the height of a communist insurgency in the 1980s, guides the local inhabitants' spiritual yearning.
On April 24, 2012, the crash site was declared a National Historical Landmark by the National Historical Commission of the Philippines.
References
External links
The source of the article
Video showing about Mount Manunggal
Mountains of the Philippines
Landforms of Cebu
Ivica Zubac (; ; born 18 March 1997) is a Croatian professional basketball player for the Los Angeles Clippers of the National Basketball Association (NBA). They were drafted by the Los Angeles Lakers in the second round in the 2016 NBA draft. They played for the Lakers until the 2019 trade deadline when they were traded to the Clippers. During the 2021 NBA Playoffs, they helped the Los Angeles Clippers make the Western Conference Finals for the first time in franchise history.
Professional career
Europe (2013–2016)
Zubac came through the youth system of Cibona and then played for Zrinjevac in the second Croatian division during the 2013–14 season. They made the roster of Cibona's men's team the following season, becoming a part of a group of prospects including Nik Slavica and Ante Žižić after the departure of Dario Šarić. They played in Croatia's top-tier level A-1 League and the ABA League their first year, and also saw action in the FIBA Europe Cup their second year. In February 2016, they left Cibona because of the financial difficulties of the team, and signed with Mega Leks of Serbia.
Los Angeles Lakers (2016–2019)
On 23 June 2016, Zubac was selected with the 32nd overall pick in the 2016 NBA draft by the Los Angeles Lakers. On 7 July, they signed with the Lakers and joined the team for the 2016 NBA Summer League. Zubac made their NBA debut on 2 November 2016, scoring six points as the fill-in starter for Timofey Mozgov, as the Lakers defeated the Atlanta Hawks 123–116. After appearing in only 10 NBA games over the first half of the season, Zubac had a season-best game on 17 January 2017 against the Denver Nuggets. They put together their first double-double, scoring 11 points and pulling down a team-high 13 rebounds. They also had three blocked shots in the 127–121 loss. On 12 March 2017, they had 10 points, six rebounds and a season-high four blocked shots in a 118–116 loss to the Philadelphia 76ers. The following night, they had a season-best game with a career-best 25 points on 12-of-15 shooting to go with 11 rebounds in a 129–101 loss to the Denver Nuggets. On 31 March 2017, they were ruled out for the rest of the season with a high ankle sprain in their right ankle. During their rookie season, Zubac had multiple assignments with the Los Angeles D-Fenders, the Lakers' D-League affiliate.
During the 2017–18 season, Zubac had multiple assignments with the South Bay Lakers, the Lakers' NBA G League affiliate due to limited playing time in the regular season.
On 17 January 2019, Zubac scored a career-high 26 points along with 12 rebounds including a career-high 6 offensive rebounds against the Oklahoma City Thunder in a 138–128 overtime win.
Los Angeles Clippers (2019–present)
On 7 February 2019, Zubac and Michael Beasley were traded to the Los Angeles Clippers in exchange for Mike Muscala. Zubac became a key member for the Clippers during the final stretch of the season, eventually reaching the playoffs for the first time in their career with them.
On 22 February 2020, Zubac posted a season-high 15 rebounds in 20 minutes of play against the Sacramento Kings. In a win over the Houston Rockets, Zubac shot a perfect 6 for 6 from the field and made a season-high 17 points, while also collecting 12 rebounds and blocking 1 shot on 5 March.
On 6 August 2020, Zubac posted 21 points and 15 rebounds on 100% shooting in 24 minutes on the court in the 126–111 win against the Dallas Mavericks. This made Zubac the first player in the shot clock era to accomplish 20+ points and 15+ rebounds on 100% shooting in under 30 minutes' play time.
On 15 February 2021, Zubac scored a season high 22 points, alongside grabbing 8 rebounds, in a 125-118 win over the Miami Heat. On 14 April, Zubac recorded a double-double with 18 points and 13 rebounds in a 100-98 win over the Detroit Pistons.
On 19 January 2022, Zubac scored a career-high 32 points and grabbed 10 rebounds during a 130-128 overtime loss against the Denver Nuggets. During the 2021-22 NBA season as a whole, Zubac started a career-high 76 games and averaged career-highs of 10.3 points and 8.5 rebounds per game.
On 28 June, they signed a three-year, $33 million contract extension with the Clippers.
National team career
Zubac represented the Croatian junior national team during the 2013 FIBA Europe Under-16 Championship. They averaged 17.6 points and 7.9 rebounds a contest during the 2015 FIBA Under-19 World Championship in Greece, while receiving All-World Championship Under-19 Second Team honors from the European basketball website eurobasket.com. Zubac averaged double digits in scoring (15.8 points per game) and rebounding (12.9 rebounds per game), to go along with 3.0 blocks per game at the 2015 FIBA Europe Under-18 Championship, while making the all-tournament second team (as selected by eurobasket.com).
NBA career statistics
Regular season
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| L.A. Lakers
| 38 || 11 || 16.0 || .529 || .000 || .653 || 4.2 || .8 || .4 || .9 || 7.5
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| L.A. Lakers
| 43 || 0 || 9.5 || .500 || .000 || .765 || 2.8 || .6 || .2 || .3 || 3.7
|-
| style="text-align:left;" rowspan=2|
| style="text-align:left;"| L.A. Lakers
| 33 || 12 || 15.6 || .580 || — || .864 || 4.9 || .8 || .1 || .8 || 8.5
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| L.A. Clippers
| 26 || 25 || 20.2 || .538 || — || .733 || 7.7 || 1.5 || .4 || .9 || 9.4
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| L.A. Clippers
| 72 || 70 || 18.4 || .613 || .000 || .747 || 7.5 || 1.1 || .2 || .9 || 8.3
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| L.A. Clippers
| style="background:#cfecec;"| 72* || 33 || 22.3 || .652 || .250 || .789 || 7.2 || 1.3 || .3 || .9 || 9.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| L.A. Clippers
| 76 || 76 || 24.4 || .626 || — || .727 || 8.5 || 1.6 || .5 || 1.0 || 10.3
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 360 || 227 || 19.0 || .597 || .100 || .754 || 6.5 || 1.1 || .3 || .8 || 8.3
Playoffs
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2019
| style="text-align:left;"| L.A. Clippers
| 4 || 3 || 9.8 || .500 || — || .667 || 5.5 || .3 || .5 || .5 || 5.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2020
| style="text-align:left;"| L.A. Clippers
| 13 || 13 || 24.6 || .564 || — || .811 || 7.2 || .6 || .2 || .8 || 9.1
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2021
| style="text-align:left;"| L.A. Clippers
| 17 || 7 || 17.7 || .596 || — || .796 || 5.8 || .4 || .1 || .7 || 6.3
|-class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 34 || 23 || 19.4 || .569 || — || .798 || 6.3 || .5 || .2 || .7 || 7.2
Personal life
Zubac was born in Mostar and grew up in Čitluk in Bosnia and Herzegovina, just east of the Croatian border.  They are a Croatian citizen. Former NBA player Zoran Planinić is their cousin.
See also
List of European basketball players in the United States
List of foreign basketball players in Serbia
List of NBA drafted players from Serbia
References
External links
Ivica Zubac at fiba.com
1997 births
Living people
ABA League players
Basketball League of Serbia players
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate basketball people in Serbia
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate basketball people in the United States
Centers (basketball)
Croatian expatriate basketball people in Serbia
Croatian expatriate basketball people in the United States
Croatian men's basketball players
Croats of Bosnia and Herzegovina
KK Cibona players
KK Mega Basket players
KK Zrinjevac players
Los Angeles Clippers players
Los Angeles D-Fenders players
Los Angeles Lakers draft picks
Los Angeles Lakers players
National Basketball Association players from Croatia
People from Čitluk, Bosnia and Herzegovina
South Bay Lakers players
Basketball players from Mostar
John Sangster Macfarlane (1818 – 2 February 1880) was a 19th-century Member of Parliament in Auckland, New Zealand.
They unsuccessfully contested the for , and the for .
They then represented the Waitemata electorate from 1876 to 1879, when they were defeated.
They were born in Haddington, East Lothian, Scotland and arrived in Auckland via Sydney. They died in Auckland on 2 February 1880 from cancer of the stomach.
Two or three years before their death they lost a bet that a "prominent politician" would soon be in Mt Eden (gaol) and Swanson kept and showed but did not cash the cheque for £80 they received from Macfarlane.
References
1818 births
1880 deaths
19th-century New Zealand politicians
Members of the New Zealand House of Representatives
New Zealand MPs for Auckland electorates
People from Haddington, East Lothian
Unsuccessful candidates in the 1879 New Zealand general election
Hederellids are extinct colonial animals with calcitic tubular branching exoskeletons. They range from the Silurian to the Permian and were most common in the Devonian period. They are more properly known as "hederelloids" because they were originally defined as a suborder by Bassler (1939), who described about 130 species. Although they have traditionally been considered bryozoans, they are clearly not because of their branching patterns, lack of an astogenetic gradient, skeletal microstructure, and wide range in tube diameters (Wilson and Taylor, 2001). Work continues on assessing the true affinities of hederelloids, but they appear to be most closely related to phoronids and other lophophorates (Taylor and Wilson, 2008; Taylor et al., 2010).
Classification
Family Hederellidae
Genus Diversipora
Genus Hederella
Family Reptariidae
Genus Cystoporella
Genus Hederopsis
Genus Hernodia
References
Bassler, R.S. (1939) The Hederelloidea. A suborder of Paleozoic cyclostomatous Bryozoa. Proceedings of the United States National Museum, 87:25-91.
Taylor, P.D. and Wilson, M.A. (2008) Morphology and affinities of hederelloid "bryozoans", p. 301-309. In: Hageman, S.J., Key, M.M. Jr., and Winston, J.E. (eds.), Bryozoan Studies 2007: Proceedings of the 14th International Bryozoology Conference, Boone, North Carolina, July 1–8, 2007. Virginia Museum of Natural History Special Publication 15.
Wilson, M.A. and Taylor, P.D. (2001) "Pseudobryozoans" and the problem of encruster diversity in the Paleozoic. PaleoBios, 21 (supplement to no. 2):134-135.
Enigmatic animal taxa
Carboniferous invertebrates
Devonian animals
Late Devonian animals
Permian animals
Permian extinctions
Protostome enigmatic taxa
Silurian animals
Silurian first appearances
Ministers for Greenland
Lists of ministers
Sources
Various editions of The Europa World Year Book
Politics of Denmark
Politics of Greenland
Husum station is in Husum in the German state of Schleswig-Holstein. It was built in 1910 and is currently operated by Deutsche Bahn, which classifies it as a category 3 station. A less prestigious predecessor (built in 1854 and demolished in 1910) was located at the northern end of the station, another station (Husum Nord) is to the north of the current main station.
Importance
The station is a railway hub, connecting the Westerland–Hamburg line (Marsh Railway) with the route to Husum–Bad St. Peter-Ording line on the Eiderstedt peninsula and the Husum–Jübek line, which connects to the Neumünster–Flensburg line and Kiel.
Operations
All lines are now operated by the Nord-Ostsee-Bahn (NOB) service (now a subsidiary of Veolia Verkehr).However, some InterCity trains are operated by Deutsche Bahn.
Platforms
The station has several platform tracks, but only four of them have a platform that is in use. Trains leave as follows:
Platform track 1: regional trains to and from Kiel
Platform track 3: regional trains to and from Bad St. Peter-Ording, regional trains to and from Kiel
Platform track 4: long distance and Regional trains to Westerland
Platform track 5: long distance and regional trains to Hamburg, regional trains to and from Bad St. Peter-Ording
All these services stop in Husum about every 30 minutes.
The two central platforms are 76 cm high. The platform on tracks 4 and 5 is 430 metres long, the one on tracks 1-3 is 360 metres long.
Notes
External links
Railway stations in Schleswig-Holstein
Railway stations in Germany opened in 1854
Buildings and structures in Nordfriesland
Go into Your Dance is a 1935 American musical drama film starring Al Jolson, Ruby Keeler, and Glenda Farrell. The film was directed by Archie Mayo and is based on the novel of the same name by Bradford Ropes. It was released by Warner Bros. on April 20, 1935. An irresponsible Broadway star gets mixed up with gambling and gangsters.
Plot
Broadway star Al Howard (Al Jolson) has a habit of walking out on hit shows. Their sister Molly (Glenda Farrell) promises their agent they will never do it again, but they are banned from Broadway. Molly tracks Al down in Mexico, where they are on a binge and tells them they are done taking care of him. When Molly runs into Dorothy Wayne (Ruby Keeler) a friend who is a dancer, they beg Dorothy to form a team with Al, because they can get Al a job if they have a partner. At first Molly is reluctant but finally agreed.
It takes some work to convince Al, but they eventually agree to form a team with Dorothy. They become a big success in Chicago. Dorothy falls in love with Al and thinking that they do not return their affection decides to quit the act. Al asks them to stay, telling them that they plan to open their own nightclub on Broadway. Molly introduces Al to Duke Hutchinson (Barton MacLane) a gangster who is willing to back the club as a showcase for their wife, Luana Bell (Helen Morgan) a torch singer who wants to make a comeback. Al flirts with Luana, Dorothy warns them about their involvement with Luana, but Al continues their flirtation with them Duke gives Al an additional $30,000 to open the club, but before opening night, Al uses the money to post bond for Molly, who has been arrested on suspicion of murder.
When Al turns down a proposal from Luana, they angrily tell Duke the club will not open on schedule, and they send gunmen to kill Al. At the last minute, Molly is cleared of the murder and the necessary money is returned, with the show opening on time and to great applause. Duke tries to call off their gunmen, but Luana does not give them the message. Al finally realizes that they are in love with Dorothy and asks them to dinner. As they step out the door, Dorothy sees the gunmen and throws their body in front of Al.  They are wounded and as Al holds her, they tell Dorothy that they love them The doctor proclaims that Dorothy will be fine and Al's club is a huge success.
Cast
Al Jolson as Al Howard
Ruby Keeler as Dorothy 'Dot' Wayne
Glenda Farrell as Molly Howard
Barton MacLane as Duke Hutchinson
Patsy Kelly as Irma 'Toledo' Knight
Akim Tamiroff as Mexican in La Cucaracha Cantina
Helen Morgan as Luana Wells
Sharon Lynn as Nellie Lahey
Benny Rubin as Drunk in La Cucaracha Cantina
Phil Regan as Eddie 'Teddy' Rio
Gordon Westcott as Fred
William B. Davidson as Tom McGee
Joyce Compton as Café Showgirl
Joseph Crehan as H.P. Jackson
Arthur Treacher as Latimer
Russell Hicks as Sam Rupert
Ward Bond as Herman Lahey
Theresa Harris as Luana's Maid
Marc Lawrence as Eddie Logan
Robert Gleckler as Pete Brown
Fred 'Snowflake' Toones as Snowflake
Henry Kolker as Doctor
Mary Carr as Wardrobe Mistress
Joyzelle Joyner as Cantina Dancer
Lita Chevret as Angry Showgirl
Bobby Connolly as Dance Director
Production
This is the only film that stars both Al Jolson and Ruby Keeler, who were married at the time. Barton MacLane was billed as Barton Mac Lane. It was shot at the Burbank Studios in Hollywood with sets designed by the art director John Hughes. Go into Your Dance was released in Britain as Casino de Paris.
Years after the film's initial release, Jolson career was revitalized after the release of the 1946 Columbia Pictures film, The Jolson Story. Warner Bros. cashed in on the film's success by reissuing Go into Your Dance the following year. New opening titles were added which gave Jolson a solo over-the-title billing, as well as a written prologue to ensure audiences that the film took place in 1935. No other changes were added beyond the opening titles.
Songs
This film, a famous early musical, includes the numbers "About a Quarter to Nine" and "Latin From Manhattan" sung by Al Jolson. The former song was also recreated in color in the film The Jolson Story (1946). Dance director Bobby Connolly received an Academy Award nomination for their work on the "Latin from Manhattan". Other songs with music and lyrics by Harry Warren and Al Dubin include:
Go into Your Dance
The Little Things You Used to Do
Mammy, I'll Sing About You
Casino de Paree
An Old Fashioned Cocktail with an Old Fashioned Girl
Reception
The New York Times movie review said: "On the debit side of the picture's ledger, one must report a dearth of comedy, a certain dragginess as the film reaches its half-way mark and Miss Keeler's not altogether successful attempt to do the rhumba, the tango and other "Spanish" dances. Them tap dancing is so much better. On the credit side are the Warren-Dubin songs, the absence—mark this!—of overhead shots of the chorus, Helen Morgan's rendition of "The Little Things You Used to Do", and Mr. Jolson. All told, "Go Into Your Dance" is not the best, not the worst, but generally above average for its type."
Box office
According to Warner Bros records the film earned $912,000 domestic and $489,000 foreign.
Home media
Warner Archive released the film on DVD on October 21, 2009.
References
Green, Stanley (1999) Hollywood Musicals Year by Year (2nd ed.), pub. Hal Leonard Corporation page 43
External links
1935 films
Films directed by Archie Mayo
1930s musical drama films
Warner Bros. films
Films produced by Samuel Bischoff
American musical drama films
American black-and-white films
Films based on American novels
1935 drama films
1930s American films
A Dutch flower bucket is the most common container used in the European floral industry to transport flowers, and to keep them watered in transit.
Overview
It is a patented design from Royal FloraHolland, a Dutch conglomerate of florists. The bucket is made of hard plastic, and is stackable. There are three main sizes.
All flowers exported by truck from the Netherlands to the main continental European countries and the United Kingdom are delivered to customers via Dutch buckets stored on trolleys. The bucket is only temporarily borrowed, and an inventory of quantities delivered to each shop is kept. The bucket is expected to be collected empty by the truck driver on the return voyage. If not returned a fee is charged.
Opposite to other shipping devices, such as pallets and TEU containers, the Dutch bucket is not considered a unit of measurement, and flowers are not sold or purchased based on quantities of buckets delivered. The European network of flower shops have benefited from the usage of a common container tool, and the Dutch bucket has been considered a "standard" since the early 2000s.
See also
Flower delivery
Flowerpot
Royal FloraHolland
Cut flowers
Dutch auction
Intermediate bulk container
Bulk box
References
Containers
Vessels
Floral industry
Floristry
Modularity
Freight transport
Roger Joseph Zare (born 1985 Sarasota, Florida) is an American composer and pianist. Currently based in Chicago, they are known primarily for their orchestral and wind ensemble works, several of which have received significant recognition in the contemporary music community.
Life
Zare grew up in Sarasota, Florida, and began playing piano at age 5, violin at age 11, and began composing at age 14. They received their BM from the USC Thornton School of Music in 2007, their MM from the Peabody Conservatory in 2009, and their DMA from the University of Michigan in 2012. Zare's teachers have included Bright Sheng, Kristin Kuster, Paul Schoenfield, Michael Daugherty, Derek Bermel, David Smooke, Christopher Theofanidis, Tamar Diesendruck, Donald Crockett, Morten Lauridsen, Frederick Lesemann, Betty Hines, and Rex Willis. Before their collegiate career, Zare attended Pine View School in Osprey, Florida.
2005–2010
In 2005, while studying under Tamar Diesendruck at USC, Zare won the New York Youth Symphony's 65th annual First Music commission and was the youngest composer in the foundation's history to receive that honor, marking the beginning of Zare's professional career. For the group, Zare wrote The Other Rainbow, which was premiered in Carnegie Hall in 2006. Later that year, their 2004 orchestral piece Fog was performed by the Sarasota Orchestra under the baton of Leif Bjaland.
In 2007, Zare's career-establishing work Green Flash was premiered at USC under the baton of composer and conductor Donald Crockett. Green Flash received a reading with the 2008 American Composers Orchestra Underwood Readings, conducted by Anne Manson, and Zare subsequently won the workshop's 2008 Underwood Commission. Green Flash also received ASCAP's 2009 Rudolf Nissim Prize, and BMI's prestigious student composer award in 2007, and the Symphony in C composition competition in 2011. Green Flash has subsequently been published by The Theodore Presser Company.
Following the Underwood Readings, Juilliard faculty member and Pulitzer Prize-winning composer Christopher Rouse wrote in 2009 that:
Roger Zare writes for orchestra like a real natural. It's a medium that seems to be in their blood.
Also in 2007, Zare was invited to the USC Thornton Wind Ensemble's performance of Lift-Off, conducted by H. Robert Reynolds. Lift-Off would go on to win first prize in the 3rd Frank Ticheli Competition, category 2, for works graded 3–4. Subsequently, it was performed at the Midwest Clinic by the Mason High School Wind Symphony, directed by Micah Ewing, and published by Manhattan Beach Music in 2016.
Zare's 2008 Underwood Commission from the American Composers Orchestra was a fifteen-minute single-movement work titled Time Lapse, premiered by the ACO, conducted by Anne Manson in Carnegie Hall. Focusing on gestures that would be expanded or compressed temporally, this work includes an extended technique that involves tying magnetic tape to piano and harp strings to create an ethereal bowed effect. This technique was first developed by David Smooke, and a demonstration of this technique is available on YouTube. Other works of Zare's that use magnetic tape include Oneironaut's Journey, premiered by the Aspen Contemporary Ensemble in 2010, and Alarum Bells, commissioned and premiered by Jeannette Fang in 2015. Alarum Bells also uses rubber super balls as a piano preparation, bounced onto the piano strings, to create a bell-like effect. Earlier, in 2006, Zare's first work for prepared piano, Dark and Stormy Night, involves placing and manipulating ping pong balls on the piano strings, to create rattling sounds and theatrical effects when the balls unpredictably bounce into the air. Both Alarum Bells and Dark and Stormy Night require an obligato page turner who assists the pianist with tasks related to the preparations.
Zare received another BMI award for their orchestral work, Aerodynamics in 2009, and received honorable mention in the 2012 ASCAP Frederick Fennell Prize for its wind ensemble transcription. This work was also chosen for the 2009 Minnesota Orchestra Composer Institute, then curated by Aaron Jay Kernis, and it was conducted by Osmo Vanska.
2010–2015
In 2010, Zare was awarded a Charles Ives Prize and a fellowship to the Aspen Music Festival and School Composition Masterclass program. Zare also was chosen for the Cabrillo Festival of Contemporary Music's composer–conductor workshop, run by the Conductors Guild. Christopher Lees and Jordan Randall Smith both conducted Aerodynamics with the Cabrillo Festival Orchestra. Later in 2010, Zare was invited to be composer-in-residence at the Chamber Music Festival of Lexington, then known as the UBS Chamber Music Festival, directed by violinist Nathan Cole. Zare spent a week in residence in Lexington, Kentucky, presented their music to local schools, and performed on a family concert with the other musicians of the festival. Zare was commissioned to write a quartet for clarinet, violin, cello, and piano, and the resulting work, Geometries, has received numerous performances since, including twice in Hong Kong at the 2013 Intimacy of Creativity workshop, directed by Bright Sheng, and at the 2014 Hong Kong International Chamber Music Festival, where Zare performed Geometries with violinist Cho-Liang Lin, cellist, Jian Wang, and clarinetist Burt Hara.
In 2011, Zare was commissioned by clarinetist Alexander Fiterstein to write a concerto for clarinet and wind ensemble. Bennu's Fire was premiered by Fiterstein and the California State University Northridge Wind Ensemble at the 2011 International Clarinet Association "Clarinetfest" Conference in Northridge. Bennu's Fire also received an ASCAP Morton Gould award in 2012 and a BMI student composer award. Bennu's Fire has since been performed by the United States Air Force Band, with Technical Sergeant Brian Wahrlich as the soloist.
Throughout the summer of 2012, Zare served as composer in residence with the Salt Bay Chamberfest in Damariscotta, Maine, and made three trips to present about their music to patrons of the festival. Through a program called "Sound Investment," they were commissioned by a consortium of patrons to write a new piece for the festival, On the Electrodynamics of Moving Bodies. Named after Albert Einstein's paper of the same name that describes their theory of special relativity, the music provides an aural description of accelerating to relativistic speeds.
Zare has been focusing on writing for wind ensemble since the early 2010s. In 2012, with the help of H. Robert Reynolds, Zare arranged a 29-member consortium of collegiate wind ensembles to commission Mare Tranquillitatis. Originally for string orchestra and commissioned by Jeffrey Bishop at Shawnee Mission Northwest High School in 2007, this work is named after the Apollo 11 landing site on the moon. Since 2012, the wind ensemble version of Mare Tranquillitatis has received over 80 performances, including two performances in July, 2016 by the United States Army Band "Pershing's Own." Zare has served in many residencies at universities and high schools around the United States, and their wind works have been performed at CBDNA regional conferences, the Midwest Clinic, the Texas Music Educators Association conference, and by numerous honor bands.
In the fall of 2012, Zare was honored as the Sioux City Symphony Orchestra Composer of the Year. Zare joined the symphony for a week-long residency, during which they also visited local schools and colleges to meet with composition students, teach masterclasses, and present on their compositional process. The culmination of this week was a performance of Aerodynamics by the Sioux City Symphony, directed by Ryan Haskins, as well as the premiere of Spectral Fanfare, a work for brass octet and percussion on the same program.
Later in the fall of 2012, Zare composed Fractal Miniatures for the SONAR new music ensemble in Baltimore. Originally for mixed nonet, Zare has also made versions for mixed sextet and full orchestra. Fractal Miniatures has won the 2014 Boston New Music Initiative call for scores, the 2014 Boston Musica Viva composition competition, the 2015 Northridge Composition Prize, the 2015 Illinois State University Red Note Festival composition competition in the chamber orchestra category, and grand prize in the China-US Emerging Composers Competition in 2016. Fractal Miniatures is a set of eight short movements that represent artistic impressions of various fractals. The symmetry and recursive nature of fractals informs the construction of this work on multiple levels, and its visceral energy, contrasts between angular and rounded shapes, and vibrant harmonic palate strongly connect this piece to the visual nature of much of Zare's music.
Embracing their love of science, in July 2014, Zare participated in a workshop presented by CERN at the Montreux Jazz Festival, The Physics of Music and the Music of Physics. Across the lake from the Large Hadron Collider, the Donald Sinta Quartet joined them in Montreux, Switzerland, and performed their saxophone quartets, LHC and Z(4430).
2015–present
During the spring of 2015, Zare's orchestral work, Tectonics, triumphed in the 3rd Senzoku Contemporary Composition Competition, held in Tokyo. Originally written as their doctoral dissertation at the University of Michigan, Tectonics was performed by the Senzoku New Philharmonic Orchestra and was awarded first prize in the orchestral category of the competition.
One of Zare's biggest interests has been NASA's space program, and they avidly follow both manned and unmanned missions as NASA seeks to explore our solar system. Inspired by NASA's first mission to the dwarf planet Pluto, Zare composed a work named after the New Horizons probe in 2015. A commission from the Chesapeake Chamber Music Festival, directed by Marcy Rosen and J. Lawrie Bloom, it was premiered in June, 2015.
Later in 2015, Zare was commissioned by Missouri Western State University to write a work celebrating the university's centennial. Their celebratory work, We Are the Movers and Shakers, for choir and wind ensemble set the first stanza of Arthur O'Shaughnessy's famous Ode.
In the fall of 2015, Zare received a Copland House residency award. During their month-long stay at Aaron Copland's house in Cortlandt, New York, Zare composed a saxophone sonata inspired by the rain cycle for Scotty Phillips, who premiered it at the North American Saxophone Alliance Biennial Conference in March 2016.
During the spring of 2016, Zare was one of six composers selected to participate in the Chicago Civic Orchestra Composers Project. Their work, Lunation 1113, was coached by members of Eighth Blackbird, and performed at Chicago Symphony Center in May 2016.
During the summer of 2016, Zare was invited to serve as the Kaplan Fellow in composition at the Bowdoin International Music Festival. At the festival, Zare wrote two new compositions and had nine performances of their works, including two world premieres and two American premieres. Zare also helped coordinate the composition program and served as a liaison between the festival's composer in residence, Derek Bermel, and the composition students. They taught composition lessons throughout the summer and organized the "Guinea Pigs in Bow Ties" concert, a 48-hour marathon in which composers are paired with musicians at random, and then compositions and written and premiered in the span of the following two days.
Throughout 2016 and 2017, an interdisciplinary collaboration partnered Zare with Elizabeth Hicks, an astrophysicist, and Megan Rhyme, a choreographer, producing Far from Equilibrium, an evening-length dance piece for clarinet quartet and eight dancers based on the physics of turbulence. After six performances in Chicago in the summer of 2016, members of the project were invited to present at the 2017 New Music Gathering at Bowling Green State University in May, 2017.
Discography
Collider by the Donald Sinta Quartet – LHC and Z(4430).
Confluences (Mark Records) by the Drake University Wind Symphony, directed by Robert Muenier – Mare Tranquillitatis
Unraveled by the Akropolis Reed Quintet – Variations on Reverse Entropy.
Voicings (GIA Publications) by the University of North Texas Wind Symphony, directed by Eugene Corporon – Lift-Off.
Teaching Music Through Performance in Band, Volume 10 (GIA Publications) by the University of North Texas Wind Symphony, directed by Eugene Corporon – Mare Tranquillitatis.
My Song (NAMI Records Japan) by Kayako Matsunaga – Dark and Stormy Night.
References
External links
Roger Zare, Theodore Presser Company
American Composers Orchestra
American male composers
21st-century American composers
1985 births
Living people
Thornton School of Music alumni
Peabody Institute alumni
People from Sarasota, Florida
University of Michigan School of Music, Theatre & Dance alumni
21st-century American male musicians
Roger Brousse (born 13 June 1901, date of death unknown) was a French boxer. They competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics. In 1924, Brousse initially was awarded the victory on points in their quarter-final bout of the middleweight class. However, they were later disqualified for having bitten their opponent, the eventual gold medalist, Harry Mallin.
References
External links
profile
1901 births
Year of death missing
Middleweight boxers
Olympic boxers of France
Boxers at the 1924 Summer Olympics
French male boxers
Brian James Karem (born March 10, 1961) is an American journalist and author working as the White House correspondent for Playboy and political analyst for CNN. They also host the "Just Ask The Question" podcast.
In 1991, Karem received the National Press Club Freedom of the Press award for refusing to reveal their sources in a story related to the killing of a police officer in Texas.
Early life and education
Karem was born on March 10, 1961 in Louisville, Kentucky. Their great grandfather emigrated to the United States from Lebanon. After finishing Seneca High School in 1979, they attended the University of Missouri in Columbia, Missouri, playing football and graduating with a degree in journalism in 1983. The same year, they married their wife, Pamela J. Russell.
Career
In 1983, Karem joined The Montgomery County Courier in Conroe, Texas as sports editor. After leaving the Courier in 1984, Karem switched to television joining WKYT-TV in Lexington, Kentucky as a political reporter.
They returned to Texas in 1986 to work at KMOL-TV in San Antonio. In 1990, Karem was jailed in contempt of court for refusing to reveal the name of a source who arranged an interview with a suspect involved in killing a police officer. The United States District Court for the Western District of Texas refused Karem's appeal for release, stating "Karem has no right to refuse to disclose the names of their confidential sources." Karem's additional appeals were denied first by the 5th Circuit Court of Appeals and then the United States Supreme Court. Karem was released after they complied with authorities following a phone call with their source, Debora Ledesma. Ledesma, however claimed that they never asked for confidentiality, contradicting Karem's claims.
During the Gulf War, they were one of the first reporters to enter Kuwait City after its liberation. During the National Drug Summit in San Antonio, Texas in 1992, Karem asked then President George H. W. Bush to comment on claims referring to the event as a "joke". Karem lost their job after the incident but later gained an interview with Sam Donaldson on ABC and a mention from The Tonight Show host Jay Leno.
Following their termination from KMOL, Karem joined the television program, America's Most Wanted as a producer and correspondent. While covering the War on drugs, they became the first American journalist allowed inside Pablo Escobar's palatial prison after Escobar's escape from Colombian authorities. In 1997, Karem joined WDAF-TV in Kansas City, Missouri as an investigative reporter. While at WDAF-TV, Karem alleges that their superiors suppressed a story on the pesticide chemical, Dursban, prompting them to leave the station.
Between 2004 and 2018, Karem served as the executive editor of the Montgomery County Sentinel in Rockville, Maryland and authored the Editor's Notebook, a column covering Montgomery County, Maryland. Between 2012 and 2015, they were also the publisher for MoCoVox.Com, an online content provider.
While covering the Trump presidency, Karem gained attention for their interactions with administration officials. On June 27, 2017, Karem confronted then deputy White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders on "inflammatory" comments about the performance of the press while covering President Donald Trump. One year later, Karem confronted Sanders again on the Administration's policy of seizing children from their parents at the United States border crossings, saying "Come on, Sarah, you're a parent! Don't you have any empathy for what these people are going through? They have less than you do. Sarah, come on, seriously."
On July 11, 2019, following an event at the White House Rose Garden, Karem called conservative social media representatives in attendance "a group of people eager for demonic possession." The remark prompted Sebastian Gorka, a former deputy assistant to President Trump and now a radio talk-show host, to confront Karem, yelling across the lawn: "And you're a journalist, right?" Karem replied with what some consider a taunt saying, "Come on over here and talk to me, brother. We can go outside and have a long conversation." Accusing Karem of issuing a threat, Gorka walked across the lawn yelling, "You're not a journalist! You're a punk!" in front of a row of White House media and cameras.
Following the July 11 incident, the White House Press Office suspended Karem's press pass on August 2, 2019. Karem filed a lawsuit in response before U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, Judge Rudolph Contreras blocked the suspension. On June 5, 2020, Judge David S. Tatel of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit ruled the White House Press Office wrongly suspended Karem's press pass.
Music
Karem is the lead singer of the Rhythm Bandits Band, playing shows in Montgomery County, Maryland.
Awards
National Press Club Freedom of the Press Award
Pieringer Award for Valor and Journalist Excellence
Books
Shield the Source, (New Horizon Press; 1992) .
Above the Law, (Pinnacle; 1998) .
Warning Signs: A Guidebook for Parents: How to Read the Early Signals of Low Self-Esteem, Addiction, and Hidden Violence in Your Kids, co-author with John Kelly. (LifeLine Press; 1998) .
Spin Control: Essays and Short Stories, (Brookeville Press; 2000) .
Innocent Victims, (Pinnacle; 2001) .
Marked for Death, (Avon; 2005) .
See also
Trump administration family separation policy
References
External links
Brian J. Karem Bio HarperCollins Publishers
Brian J. Karem Muck Rack profile
Living people
People from Louisville, Kentucky
American male journalists
CNN people
Playboy people
American television reporters and correspondents
American non-fiction writers
University of Missouri alumni
Journalists imprisoned for refusing to reveal sources
1961 births
American people of Lebanese descent
Sand Canyon may refer to:
Sand Canyon, Kern County, California
Sand Canyon, Los Angeles County, California
Sand Canyon Pueblo , a pueblo in the Canyons of the Ancients National Monument
See also
Mohammedan Sporting Ground is a multi-use stadium in Kolkata, India. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Mohammedan S.C. The ground has a natural grass turf., besides other facilities such as commentary boxes for radio and TV, press box and air conditioned changing rooms. The stadium holds 15,000 people.
About
The stadium has galleries on three sides and a rampart on the fourth side. The north side gallery is the member's gallery. The east side and south side galleries are still made of a temporary iron structure and are designated for non-member supporters. The playing pitch is about 100 x 60 meters. The club tent and main office are located adjacent to the stadium. The club tent consists of a maintained lawn, with benches.
Upgrade work
In July 2017 second phase upgrade and improvement works started.
Installing floodlight
electronic scoreboard
increase seating capacity from 15,000 to 25,000
upgrade member gallery with White-Black (club's home colour) bucket chairs
air conditioned press room
ultra-modern gymnasium
References
Football venues in West Bengal
Sports venues in Kolkata
Year of establishment missing
The Archdiocese of Niamey is a Roman Catholic Archdiocese in Niger. It is based in the capital city of Niamey and was erected on 28 April 1942. Pope Benedict XVI made it an archdiocese in June 2007. It performs the Latin Rite and covers approximately .
As of 2004, the diocese population was about 5,880,000 with 0.3% Catholic. 29 priests were in the Diocese for a ratio of 517 Catholics per Priest. Djalwana Laurent Lompo has been the head of the archdiocese since October 2014.
This archdiocese is the metropolitan of a province having one suffragan diocese: Maradi.
Bishops
Prefects Apostolic of Niamey
Fr. François Faroud, S.M.A. (1942-1948), appointed Prefect of Parakou, Dahomey (country since renamed Benin)
Fr. Constant Quillard, C.SS.R. (1948-1961)
''Bishops (later Archbishops) of Niamey
Marie-Jean-Baptiste-Hippolyte Berlier, C.SS.R. (1961-1984)
Guy Armand Romano, C.SS.R. (1997-2003)
Michel Christian Cartatéguy, S.M.A. (2003-2014), became Archbishop when see raised to Archdiocese in 2007
Djalwana Laurent Lompo (2014- )
Auxiliary Bishops
Michel Christian Cartatéguy, S.M.A. (1999-2003), appointed Bishop here
Djalwana Laurent Lompo (2013-2014), appointed Archbishop here
Ambroise Ouédraogo (1999-2001), appointed Bishop of Maradi
External links
Profile of Niamey Archdiocese
Roman Catholic dioceses in Niger
Christian organizations established in 1942
Niamey
Roman Catholic dioceses and prelatures established in the 20th century
1942 establishments in the French colonial empire
This was a new event in 2012.
Samantha Crawford and Madison Keys won the title, defeating Xu Yifan and Zhou Yimiao in the final, 6–3, 2–6, [12–10].
Seeds
Draw
Draw
References
Main Draw
ITF Women's Circuit - Yakima - Doubles
Donny Alamsyah (born December 7, 1978) is an Indonesian actor, best known internationally for their role in action films Merantau (2009) and The Raid (2011). They became well known in Indonesia for their appearance in the 2006 criminal drama film 9 Naga.
Early life and martial arts
Donny was born in Jakarta on December 7, 1978. They had started practicing martial arts since they were a kid. Their father, who is a pencak silat Cimande trainer, motivates 4-years-old Donny to learn martial arts. They later learned various martial arts to find something that would fit him. While they were an elementary schooler, they learned karate. In junior high school, they took up kung fu. During high school days, they learned Muay Thai, then continue to Wing Chun, wrestling, boxing, and aikido.
Career
Their acting career began when they starred the film Gie (2005), which is also played by Nicholas Saputra. In 2004, they often accompanied a friend who went to casting calls in Gie film. In the end, they were asked to join in the film and get a role in it. Their second film, 9 Naga, essentially cemented their reputation as a promising actor. Since then, they have received many casting calls. They starred several action films that require them to compete, such as Merah Putih, Merantau, Darah Garuda and The Raid. They also starred in several music videos from Ungu, Ari Lasso, Andra and The BackBone and many others. They were nominated for Best Actor category in the 2008 Indonesian Film Festival for their role as Bari (a writer) in Fiksi film, losing to Vino G. Bastian (Radit dan Jani).
Personal life
They married Putri Anggiareni on June 5, 2009. The couple have one child.
Filmography
Film
Television series
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Donny Alamsyah on Instagram
1978 births
Action choreographers
Betawi people
Indonesian male film actors
Indonesian Muslims
Living people
Male actors from Jakarta
Silat practitioners
The marbled wren-babbler (Turdinus marmoratus) is a species of bird in the family Pellorneidae. It is found in the Malay Peninsula and the Barisan Mountains of Sumatra. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70 – 291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
marbled wren-babbler
Birds of the Malay Peninsula
Birds of Sumatra
marbled wren-babbler
marbled wren-babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Balapuwaduge Kusal Gimhan Mendis, known as Kusal Mendis ; born 2 February 1995) is a professional Sri Lankan cricketer who plays all forms of the game. They only played sixteen first-class matches before playing for the national side. They play as a top-order batter in all formats. In November 2017, they were named the One Day International (ODI) batsman of the year for the 2016–17 season at Sri Lanka Cricket's annual awards.
Early and domestic career
Mendis was adjudged the 2013 schoolboy cricketer of the year and had captained the national youth and the Prince of Wales College, Moratuwa teams in their formative years.
In March 2018, Mendis was named in Dambulla's squad for the 2017–18 Super Four Provincial Tournament. The following month, they were also named in Dambulla's squad for the 2018 Super Provincial One Day Tournament.
In August 1998, Mendis was named in Galle's squad the 2018 SLC T20 League. They were the leading run-scorer for Galle in the tournament, with 182 runs in six matches. In March 2019, they were named in Galle's squad for the 2019 Super Provincial One Day Tournament.
During the 2019–20 Premier League Tournament, Mendis scored 139 against Ragama Cricket Club, and the match was won by an innings and 125 runs. Mendis scored their maiden first-class double century against Nondescripts Cricket Club. Their unbeaten double century helped to draw the match. In the final match against Chilaw Marians Cricket Club, Mendis scored another century, with 157 runs.
In October 2020, Mendis was drafted by the Kandy Tuskers for the inaugural edition of the Lanka Premier League. In November 2021, they were selected to play for the Galle Gladiators following the players' draft for the 2021 Lanka Premier League. In July 2022, they were signed by the Galle Gladiators for the third edition of the Lanka Premier League.
International career
Debut years
Mendis captained Sri Lanka's squad for the 2014 ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup. They were the 132nd Test player for Sri Lanka, gaining their cap during the second Test of Sobers-Tissera Trophy. They made their Test debut in 2nd Test of West Indies tour of Sri Lanka 2015, scoring 13 runs in the first innings and 39 runs in second innings.
Mendis was named in the Sri Lanka squad for the tour of England, and in the first Test they scored a duck in the first innings, but in the second innings they scored their maiden test half-century with 53 runs.
Mendis made their One Day International (ODI) debut against Ireland on 16 June 2016, scoring their maiden ODI fifty. Mendis made their Twenty20 International (T20I) debut for Sri Lanka against England on 5 July 2016 in the same tour.
Making a mark in international arena
On 28 July 2016, Mendis scored their maiden Test century during the first Test against Australia at the Pallekele Cricket Stadium. They became the youngest Sri Lankan to score a century against Australia and also the highest score against Australia on home soil. Sri Lanka won the match by 106 runs, which was only their second Test win against Australia. Mendis won the Man of the Match award for their performance.
In the fifth match of the Tri-series in Zimbabwe against the West Indies, Mendis scored 94 runs. With their fifty and 94 runs by Niroshan Dickwella, Sri Lanka posted 330 runs off 50 overs, which was recorded as the highest total by Sri Lanka against the West Indies. Sri Lanka won the match by single run and Mendis was adjudged man of the match for their batting. With this win Sri Lanka reached the final with Zimbabwe. In the final, Mendis scored another fifty, guiding the team to win the series by 6 wickets. Their all-round performances in the series gave them their first player of the series award.
On the first Test against Bangladesh at Galle, Mendis scored their second Test century, just fall short 6 runs for their double hundred. Their score of 194, before they were caught by Tamim Iqbal. On 28 March 2017, in the second ODI against Bangladesh at Rangiri Dambulla International Stadium, Mendis scored their maiden ODI century, with 102 runs. However, the match ended as a no result, due to heavy rain.
On 8 June 2017 against India in 2017 ICC Champions Trophy, Mendis scored a match-winning 89 runs to seal the match for Sri Lanka. In the match, Sri Lanka chased 321 runs scored by India, by recording the highest successful run chase in Champion's Trophy history. They along with Danushka Gunathilaka stood 159-run stand for the second wicket and helped to reach the mark. This was Sri Lanka's joint-highest chase, and their first successful 300-plus chase since the 2015 World Cup as well. On 30 June 2017 against Zimbabwe, Mendis passed 1,000 ODI runs, becoming the joint second-fastest (with Tharanga) for Sri Lanka to achieve this.
During the first Test against Bangladesh in 2018, Mendis scored their fourth Test a hundred. Their hundred came on the third day of the match, which was on their 23rd birthday. Mendis along with Dhananjaya de Silva scored 308-run partnership to the second wicket until De Silva dismissed for 173 runs. However, Mendis was dismissed for 196 runs, four runs short of their maiden double century just before the tea break. Mendis' career-best score of 196, however, made them the second Sri Lankan after Kumar Sangakkara to get out in the 190s at least twice.
After good performances in Tests against Bangladesh, Mendis was named to the T20I squad for Sri Lanka by replacing injured Kusal Perera. In the first match, they scored a match winning knock of 53 from 27 balls. Bangladesh scored 193 in their 20 overs, which was then their highest T20I total. Mendis opened the innings with Danushka Gunathilaka and they added 53 for the first wicket in just 4.5 overs. Then Mendis scored their first T20I fifty and Sri Lanka won the match by 6 wickets. The chase of 193 is recorded as the highest T20I chase by Sri Lanka as well. Mendis adjudged man of the match, which is their first in T20Is. In the second T20I, Mendis scored another match winning half century and Sri Lanka posted 210 in their 20 overs. This is Sri Lanka's highest T20I score against Bangladesh. Finally Sri Lanka won the match and series 2-0 and Mendis was awarded with both man of the match and player of the series.
In May 2018, they were one of 33 cricketers to be awarded a national contract by Sri Lanka Cricket ahead of the 2018–19 season.
Ups and downs
Mendis was totally out of form during the 2018 Asia Cup, where they were dismissed for naught in both games against Bangladesh and Afghanistan. Their place in the team was in doubt with poor performances, where they were omitted from the England tour in Sri Lanka. But during the ODI series, Mendis was called into the squad for the remainder of the series against England, as a replacement for Kusal Perera, who suffered a quad strain in the second ODI. In their comeback match, they were again dismissed for naught. In the fourth ODI, they batted in the middle order and scored only 5 runs and England won the series 3–0. In the last match, Mendis batted in the number-4 position. After 24 innings without a fifty, they scored a 30-ball half century in the match with 6 huge sixes. Sri Lanka won the match by 219 runs in D/L method.
During the first Test against New Zealand in late 2018, Mendis scored their sixth Test century. Mendis along with Angelo Mathews batted all over fourth day, which was the fifth time that Sri Lankan pair had done that in Test history. On the fifth day, they put on an unbeaten double century partnership which overall lasts for 115 wicketless overs for New Zealanders. With rain interrupted, the match was ended in a draw. The partnership of 246, was also Sri Lanka's highest for any wicket against New Zealand and also Sri Lanka's highest in the second innings of a Test. It was the first time a Sri Lankan pair has added 200-plus runs in the second innings of a Test outside Asia.
In the second Test, Mendis reached 1,000 Test runs in the calendar year 2018. They became only the second player after Virat Kohli to achieve the feat. They finished 2018 as the second-highest run-scorer in Test cricket, with 1,023 runs at an average 46.50, including three centuries and four fifties. During the two-match Test series against South Africa, Mendis continued their poor form with bat with scores 0, 12 and 16. However, their fielding efforts at slip improved in each inning. However, in the second innings of the second test at Port Elizabeth, Mendis scored their 9th test fifty. They along with newcomer Oshada Fernando put on an unbeaten partnership of 163 runs off 213 balls to win the match by 8 wickets. Eventually, Sri Lanka won the series 2-0 and Mendis was adjudged man of the match. It was the first Test series won by Sri Lanka in South Africa.
In April 2019, they were named in Sri Lanka's squad for the 2019 Cricket World Cup. On 1 September 2019 during first T20I against New Zealand, they scored quick 79 runs off 53 balls to set a target of 174. However, Sri Lanka lost the match. In the last over of second T20I, they had a collision with Shehan Jayasuriya at the boundary line. Jayasuriya was running from long on, and Mendis from midwicket, in order to intercept an aerial Mitchell Santner, they tripped up by the onrushing Mendis, and sent crashing into the boundary. Both players picked up knee injuries and rested from the third T20I.
During the first Test against Zimbabwe on 19 January 2020, Mendis scored their eleventh fifty. They made 80 runs off 163 deliveries in the match and had a strong partnership with eventual double centurion Angelo Mathews. Sri Lanka went on to win the match by 10 wickets. In the second Test, Mendis scored their seventh century with an unbeaten 116 in the second innings, with Sri Lanka winning the series 1–0.
On 25 February 2020, against the West Indies, Mendis scored their second ODI century. Along with Avishka Fernando, they made a 239-run partnership for the third wicket, with Sri Lanka eventually making 345/8. The West Indies collapsed in the chase and Sri Lanka won the match by 161 runs. This was the biggest win in terms of runs against the West Indies by Sri Lanka in ODIs, with Sri Lanka taking an unassailable lead in the series. On 28 June 2021, Sri Lanka Cricket (SLC) suspended Mendis, Danushka Gunathilaka and Niroshan Dickwella after they breached the team's bio-secure bubble during Sri Lanka's tour of England. All three players were seen in the city centre of Durham, with SLC sending them all back home ahead of the ODI matches. In July 2021, following the outcome of the incident, Mendis was suspended from playing in international cricket for one year. Sri Lanka Cricket agreed to lift the ban early, rescinding the punishment in January 2022.
On 20 February 2022, Mendis scored a match-winning sixth T20I half century against Australia. Their unbeaten 69 runs helped Sri Lanka to win the match by five wickets, with them being named the player of the match. On 23 May 2022, they were hospitalized after leaving the field holding their chest minutes before lunch on the first day of the second Test against Bangladesh. The doctors "suspect muscle spasms" as the reason for their discomfort but an ECG test has "come out clear".
In the Australian Test series in July 2022, Sri Lanka suffered a huge defeat, with the match ending in three days. Mendis scored just 3 and 8 runs in the match. However on 9 July 2022, in the second Test, Mendis scored 85 runs in a partnership of 152 with Dimuth Karunaratne. On 1st September 2022, against Bangladesh Kusal Mendis scored their 7th T20I half century. They scored 60 runs while chasing 183 runs. Finally Sri Lanka won the match and Kusal Mendis won player of the match award for their performance.
During the 2022 Asia Cup, Mendis played as the opener with Pathum Nissanka and they made match-winning partnerships in the games against Bangladesh, Afghanistan and India. Against Bangladesh, Mendis made match-winning knock of 60 runs and Sri Lanka finally chased the target of 183 runs with one wicket. However, Mendis had four clear chances and won by luck. On 6th September 2022 against India, Mendis scored their 8th T20I half century. They scored 57 runs and put strong 97 run partnership with Pathum Nissanka while chasing 173 runs. Finally Sri Lanka won the match by 6 wickets.
Personal life
In July 2020, Mendis was arrested after being involved in a fatal road accident in Panadura. Mendis was driving a vehicle that hit an elderly cyclist, who later died in hospital. A day after the incident, Mendis was released on bail. On 12 February 2021, Mendis married their wife in Colombo. In June 2022, Mendis' wife gave birth to a baby girl.
International awards
Dialog SLC Future Cricketer of the Year 2015–16.
Dialog SLC ODI Batsman of the year 2016–17.
References
External links
1995 births
Alumni of Prince of Wales' College, Moratuwa
Bloomfield Cricket and Athletic Club cricketers
Colombo Cricket Club cricketers
Kurunegala Warriors cricketers
Living people
Moor Sports Club cricketers
Sri Lankan cricketers
Sri Lanka Test cricketers
Sri Lanka One Day International cricketers
Sri Lanka Twenty20 International cricketers
Sportspeople from Moratuwa
Cricketers at the 2019 Cricket World Cup
Kandy Tuskers cricketers
Wicket-keepers
King Arthur's Hall is a megalithic enclosure on Bodmin Moor in Cornwall, England. It is thought to be a late Neolithic or early Bronze Age ceremonial site.
Description
The monument consists of fifty-six stones arranged in a rectangle with a bank of earth around them and measures approximately 20m by 47m. The interior fills with water and a contemporary ground level has not been established. It has suffered damage by cattle in the past and is now protected by a gated fence. It can be reached by footpaths east of St Breward.
The surrounding area contains many stone circles, hut circles, cairns and cists.
Origin and use
In the absence of any archaeological finds, its origin and use is only speculative. A similar enclosure exists in Brittany which was a Bronze Age cremation site, but a similar rampart construction at Lough Gur in Ireland suggests an earlier Neolithic date. It has even been suggested that it was merely a medieval cattle pound, but the effort required to build the bank and to erect the slabs suggests that it had a more important function.
Some clearance and investigation of King Arthur's Hall was conducted by members of The Heritage Trust in 2013/14. Their work revealed a revetment wall built to retain the inner bank. It was concluded that over time the earth had covered over the top of the revetment wall and that around 140 upright stones now lie buried, recumbent, or standing at an angle. It was suggested that the structure originally formed a tank which filled with water, possibly for ritualistic use.
In September 2022 Cornwall AONB's Monumental Improvement project worked with the Cornwall Archaeological Unit to conduct an excavation, to determine when the structure was built.
References
External links
Locations associated with Arthurian legend
Bodmin Moor
Bronze Age sites in Cornwall
Buildings and structures in Cornwall
History of Cornwall
Prehistoric sites in Cornwall
Firuz Kola-ye Olya (, also Romanized as Fīrūz Kolā-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Dasht-e Sar Rural District, Dabudasht District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 371, in 101 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Country Gazette was an American progressive bluegrass band, formed in 1971 by Byron Berline and Roger Bush. They played traditional bluegrass and contemporary songs on acoustic instruments.
Biography
When the members of the country rock ensemble Dillard & Clark went their separate ways in 1971, bluegrass fiddler Byron Berline and guitarist/bass player Roger Bush formed the band Country Gazette. Guitarist Kenny Wertz and banjo player Alan Munde soon joined. Herb Pedersen wrote songs and was a guest artist on Country Gazette records, but did not tour with the band.
A Traitor in our Midst
Country Gazette recorded their first album A Traitor in our Midst in 1972, produced by Jim Dickson. Herb Pedersen, Skip Conover, and Chris Smith were guest artists.
The Sierra Records compilation Silver Meteor (released in 1980 and reissued with additional tracks in 2010) contained two unreleased songs from these sessions: "All Their Children" and "The Great Filling Station Holdup."
Don't Give Up Your Day Job
After tours of Europe and the U.K., Country Gazette recorded their 1973 album Don't Give Up Your Day Job, again produced by Jim Dickson. Guests included Herb Pedersen, Clarence White, Leland Sklar, and Al Perkins.
Live
In 1973, Kenny Wertz left Country Gazette, and Roland White (mandolin, guitar) joined up. Country Gazette released Live, an album recorded in November 1974 at McCabe's Guitar Shop in Santa Monica, California. The album was produced by Jim Dickson and released on the Transatlantic label. Skip Conover guested on dobro.
Out to Lunch
Byron Berline left Country Gazette in 1975, and soon Kenny Wertz returned, along with fiddler Dave Ferguson. They recorded the 1976 album Out to Lunch for Flying Fish (Ferguson was listed as a guest artist). Jim Dickson produced, and Al Perkins played pedal steel.
What a Way to Make a Living
Kenny Wertz, Dave Ferguson, and Roland White left the group. Alan Munde and Roland White were the only members of Country Gazette in 1977, when they recorded the album "What a Way to Make a Living" on the Ridge Runner record label. Guest musicians included Byron Berline, Skip Conover, Mike Richey, Richard Greene, and Bill Bryson.
From The Beginning
From the Beginning was released in 1978 by Sunset Records, located in London, England (Album SLS50414). In the band for this recording were Byron Berline, Roger Bush, Kenny Wertz and Alan Munde.
All This and Money Too
Joe Carr and Michael Anderson joined Country Gazette in 1978. The band released the album, All This and Money Too, in 1979, on Ridge Runner with guests Dave Ferguson, Slim Richey, Tommy Spurlock, Mike McCarty and Michael J. Dohoney.
American & Clean
Their next album American & Clean was produced by Slim Richey and featured guests Sam Bush, Dahrell Norris and Slim Richey. It was released in 1981 by Flying Fish Records.
America's Bluegrass Band
Michael Anderson left the band and was replaced by Gregg Kennedy and then Bill Smith. They recorded America's Bluegrass Band in Nashville with Herschel Freeman assisting in production.
Keep on Pushing
For the 1991 album Keep On Pushing, the Country Gazette line-up was Alan Munde (banjo), Dawn Watson (mandolin), Steve Garner (bass), and Dave Hardy (guitar).
Other projects
Country Gazette recorded several songs for the 1971 film Welcome Home, Soldier Boys, including "Further Along.The members of Country Gazette joined the Flying Burrito Brothers to record their live album The Last of the Red Hot Burritos in 1972.
Byron Berline and Alan Munde were among those performing with Clarence White on April 4, 1973 at Bob Baxter's "Guitar Workshop" TV show. Video of this show was released by Sierra Records in 1998 as Together Again For the Last Time (later reissued on DVD as "Clarence White: The Video).
Note: most Country Gazette members released solo and collaborative recordings which featured other Country Gazette members. This article does not attempt to list or describe these for the sake of repetition and article length.
Discography
Albums
1972: A Traitor in our Midst! (United Artists)
1973: Don't Give Up Your Day Job (United Artists)
1975: Out to Lunch (released in 1976 by Ariola / Flying Fish), released in 1975 as The Sunny Side Of The Mountain by Transatlantic)
1975: Country Gazette Live (Antilles / Ariola / Transatlantic)
1977: What a Way to Make a Living (Ridge Runner)
1978: From The Beginning (Sunset Records)
1979: All This, and More Money, Too (Ridge Runner)
1981: American and Clean (Flying Fish)
1982: America's Bluegrass Band (Flying Fish)
1986: Bluegrass Tonight (Flying Fish)
1987: Strictly Instrumental (Flying Fish)
1991: Keep On Pushing (Flying Fish) with Alan Munde
Compilations
1979: From the Beginning (United Artists) compilation of A Traitor in our Midst and Don't Give Up Your Day Job
1991: "Hello, Operator....This Is Country Gazette" (Flying Fish)
1995: Traitor In Our Midst / Don't Give Up Your Day Job (BGO)
2013: The Four Album Collection (Sierra Records) compiles Live at McCabe's, Out To Lunch, What a Way to Make a Living, and The Archives Album: Unreleased Rarities 1973-1977 (not otherwise released)
Singles
1972: "Keep on Pushin'" / "Hot Burrito Breakdown" (United Artists)
1972: "Swing Low Sweet Charriot" / "I Wish I Knew" (United Artists)
1972: "Sound of Goodbye" (United Artists)
1973: "Honky Cat" / "My Oklahoma" (United Artists)
1973: "My Oklahoma" / "Down the Road" (United Artists)
1973: "Teach Your Children"/ "Huckleberry Hornpipe" (United Artists)
1973: "Honky Cat" / "Down the Road" (United Artists)
References
External links
American country rock groups
Musical groups established in 1971
Flying Fish Records artists
Malabar is a serif typeface designed by Daniel John Andrew Reynolds in 2008, and released by Linotype GmbH, now a subsidiary of Monotype Corporation.
Malabar was a gold winner of the German Design Award 2010.
Malabar is an optional font on most Nook and Kobo e-readers.
References
Linotype typefaces
Ba Phnum (, ), sometime spelled as Ba Phnom, is a district located in Prey Veng Province, in south eastern Cambodia. The hills surrounding the town are the highest elevation points in Prey Veng province. In Khmer, Ba means "ancestor" and Phnum means "hill." When combined, the town is known as "Hill of the Ancestors."
Ba Phnum is a relatively remote location and has been attractive to ascenti monks (loak dhutang) for centuries. It has also been an occasional center from which millennial movements have radiated throughout Khmer history.
Ba Phnum is a site of interest for Cambodian historians. According to some accounts, the area is the birthplace of the Khmer people. An inscription on Wat Jaan, the pre-Angkorian temple at the base of the mountain (ca. 629 AD), associates Ba Phnum with Shiva and refers to it as "the holy mountain."
Ba Phnum was prominently featured in many of the rural scenes in the 2016 documentary Angkor Awakens.
Human sacrifices were made here until 1872. Khmer Kings made pilgrimage here.
Funan's capital city
Ba Phnum has purportedly been the location of Vyadhapura, capital of the kingdom of Funan.
References
Districts of Prey Veng province
Dorobanțu is a commune in Tulcea County, Northern Dobruja, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Ardealu (depopulated as of 2002, historical name: Asînlar), Cârjelari, Dorobanțu, Fântâna Oilor (historical name: Coiumbunar or Coiumpunar) and Meșteru (historical name:Canat Calfa).
References
Communes in Tulcea County
Localities in Northern Dobruja
Stephen Emt (born January 6, 1970) is an American wheelchair curler.
Career
They represented the United States at the 2018 Winter Paralympics and 2022 Winter Paralympics where they finished in twelfth and fifth places respectively.
Teams
References
External links
Steve EMT - Athlete Profile - World Para Nordic Skiing - Live results | International Paralympic Committee
Steve Emt - The Decision Catalyst Speaker
Ryan Martin's Musings - Q&A with Paralympic Curler, Steve Emt
Steve Emt, Curling Their Way to South Korea - UConn Magazine
Video:
Living people
1970 births
People from Manchester, Connecticut
American male curlers
American disabled sportspeople
American wheelchair curlers
Paralympic wheelchair curlers of the United States
Wheelchair curlers at the 2018 Winter Paralympics
Wheelchair curlers at the 2022 Winter Paralympics
The 2019 Baltic Futsal Cup was held on 2–4 December 2019 in Raasiku, Estonia. This edition featured the three Baltic teams.
Standings
Matches
Goalscorers
Top Goalscorer:
Andrejs Baklanovs - 3
References
External links
Latvian Football Federation
Lithuanian Football Federation
Estonian Football Federation
International futsal competitions hosted by Latvia
2019
2019–20 in European futsal
Jdeideh (, also spelled al-Jdayde, al-Judaydah, Judaydat, Jdaideh, Jdeïdé, Jdaydeh, Jadida) may refer to the following places:
Israel
Jadeidi-Makr, a town in northern Israel.
Lebanon
Jdeideh el-Matn, a coastal municipality and capital of Matn District in the Mount Lebanon Governorate.
Jdeide, a little village located in the northern part of the Baalbek District
Jdeideh Marjayoun or Jdeidet Marjeyoun, a village located in the Marjeyoun District, in the Nabatieh Governorate of Southern Lebanon
Jdeideh, or Jdeideh, Keserouan: a village in Keserouan District in Lebanon
Palestine
al-Judeida, a village in the Jenin Governorate
Syria
Al-Jdayde (Jdeideh Quarter), a historic neighbourhood in the city of Aleppo.
Jdeidat Artouz, a village in the Qatana District
Jdeidat al-Wadi, a village in the Qudsaya District
Jdeidat Yabous, a village in the Qudsaya District
al-Judaydah, Mhardeh, a village in the Mhardeh District
al-Judaydah, Salamiyah, a hamlet in the Salamiyah District
Judaydat al-Khas, a village in the Douma District
Karuna Sukka (Telugu: కరుణ సుక్క; born 20 November 1980) is an Indian printmaker and painter from Telangana State who works with large-scale wood-cuts to make prints.
Early life and background
Karuna was born in Hyderabad and has a bachelor's degree in painting from P.S.T University, a master's degree in print making from the University of Hyderabad and a Master's in Museology from M.S University of Baroda. They have participated in numerous group shows and solo shows and has been the recipient of various awards and scholarships. These include the National Merit scholarship from the Ministry of Culture, HRD, Government of India, 2007; A.P. State award for graphics, P.S.T University, Hyderabad, 2007; 77th All India Exhibition, AIFACS, New Delhi, 2005; All India Art Exhibition, Hyderabad Art Society 2004; All India Art Exhibition, South Central Zonal Cultural Centre, Nagpur, 2002
Career
Karuna's drawings, etchings and woodcuts are autobiographical anecdotes, which conglomerate sharing and bearing the space within the considerably tight compositions. The worked out vast figurative portions appears to be seizing a delusive feeling as the artist depicts the emotional attachments to materialistic world and contradictions with social realities.
At times, the figures conceived as metaphors for nature, culture or life oscillating within the peripheries of real and fantastic realms. Them style includes an interplay of visual narrative and skillful renderings that are adroitly transposed on printable surfaces. The burly lines and the flamboyant hues surge onto the print area and the inadvertent textures produce energies reflecting tremendous qualities of the artistic temperament. Eventually, the repressed ideas of the ‘unconscious mind' are reverberated and rejuvenated with the use of affluent personal visual language as they make a humble exertion in carving and devising their creative impulses and stimulating the viewer's frame of mind.
Awards
Gold medal awarded for graphic print by Indian royal academy of art, Karnataka.
Gold medal for graphic print, All India Art Exhibition, Zharkhand.
State award for graphics, P.S. Telugu University, Hyderabad.
South zone youth festival award, Chennai.
Award for painting 77th All India Exhibition, AIFACS, New Delhi.
Award for graphics print, All India Art Exhibition, Hyderabad Art Society.
Award, All India Art Exhibition, South Central Zonal Cultural Centre, Nagpur.
Exhibitions
Solo exhibitions
2009 Exhibition of drawing and prints, Kashi Art Café, Kashi Art Gallery, Cochin.
2008 Exhibition of paintings and drawings, at Shrishti Art Gallery funded by Pragati printers.
Two-person exhibitions
2011: Exhibition of paintings and prints, by Sukka Sunder and Sukka Karuna, at Shrishti Art Gallery, Hyderabad.
Group exhibitions
2015: "The Full Scape", the exhibition of large-scale woodcut prints by Bhaskar, Gayathri, Karuna and Laxmi Kiran at DHI Art Space, Hyderabad.
2015: ‘Raining consciousness and delight', in Ailamma Art gallery, Hyderabad.
2015: "Woodcut 2015" at DHI Art Space, Hyderabad.
2014: Art @Telangana, art exhibition, at Muse Art Gallery, Hyderabad.
2014: "Kotha Panduga", State Gallery of Fine Arts, Hyderabad.
2014: "Art as Investment', Tamkanat Art Gallery, Hyderabad.
2014: "Inaugaral show" of Tamkanat Art Gallery, Hyderabad.
2013:"Genesis of Memorabilia, An Exhibition of Paintings, Ailamma Art Gallery, Hyderabad.
2013:"Art Jamboree 2013", conducted by Daira Center for Arts and Culture at Taj Deccan, Hyderabad.
2013: "Creations- old and new" An exhibition of Sculptures, paintings and prints, Art gallery, PST University, Hyderabad.
2013, 12: "Between the Lines: Identity, Place and Power", by Waswo X. Waswo at India Habitat Center, New Delhi, N.G.M.A, Bangalore and N.G.M.A, Mumbai.
2012: "Regional Art Exhibition", organized by Lalit kala Akademi, at Lalit kala Akademi Chennai.
2012: "Jiva" An Art Exhibition, organized by Icon Art Gallery, Hyderabad, India.
2012: "Art Exhibition on Bio-Diversity", organized by Department of Culture, State Gallery of Fine Arts Hyderabad, A.P.
2010: ‘Salt and Pepper', an art exhibition in black and white, Icon Art Gallery, Hyderabad, India.
2009: ‘Friends for Ever' an inaugural show of Icon Art Gallery, Hyderabad.
2009: “Taking the Line for a Walk” An exhibition of drawings, paintings, prints and installation 2009, Icon Art Gallery, Hyderabad.
2007: "Heart to Art", a group show of paintings, prints & sculpture at Chitramayee State Art Gallery of Fine Arts, Hyderabad.
2006: "Trans Local Art" An exhibition of paintings, prints and sculptures, The M.S. University, Vadodara.
2006: "Frozen Movements" Photography exhibition held at the Faculty of Fine Arts, The M.S. University of Baroda, Vadodara,
2002: "Spote” Art for peace Exhibition held at parliament of India, New Delhi.
Collections
MCHRD, Hyderabad
Hyderabad University
Private collections
Personal life
Karuna is married to Sukka Sunder and they both have a daughter.
References
1980 births
Living people
Indian women painters
Artists from Hyderabad, India
21st-century Indian women artists
Painters from Telangana
Robert Saul Greenberg (born July 27, 1947) is an American film and television cinematographer best known for films including Free Willy.
Filmography
Bizarre Devices (1973)
Lucifer's Women (1974)
Doctor Dracula (1978)
Youngblood (1978)
The Lathe of Heaven (TV) (1980)
Butcher, Baker, Nightmare Maker (1981)
Swamp Thing (1982)
Time Walker (1982)
The Winter of Our Discontent (TV) (1983)
Movers & Shakers (1985)
Creator (1985)
Sweet Dreams (1985)
Second Serve (TV) (1986)
The Milagro Beanfield War (1988)
Far North (1988)
All I Want for Christmas (1991)
Free Willy (1993)
Squanto: A Warriors Tale (1993)
Under Siege 2: Dark Territory (1995)
Sunset Park (1995)
Fools Rush In (1997)
Winchell (TV) (1998)
Introducing Dorothy Dandridge (TV) (1999)
Snow Day (2000)
If These Walls Could Talk 2 (TV) (2000)
Save the Last Dance (2001)
James Dean (TV) (2001)
A Guy Thing (2001)
Marci X (2002)
Iron Jawed Angels (TV) (2004)
The Santa Clause 3: The Escape Clause (2006)
Even Money (2006)
Wild Hogs (2007)
In 1999–2000, Robbie Greenberg won 2 Emmy Awards for Outstanding Cinematography for a Miniseries or a Movie for Winchell and Introducing Dorothy Dandridge.
References
External links
1947 births
Living people
American cinematographers
Medjugorje International Youth Festival, also known as Mladifest is an annual gathering of the Catholic youth organized in Medjugorje, Bosnia and Herzegovina between 1 and 6 August, to mark the birthday of Mary, mother of Jesus on 5 August, as claimed by the alleged seers of Marian apparitions. The festival was established in 1989 by two the Franciscan priests, Slavko Barbarić and Tomislav Vlašić.
History
Mladifest was established in 1989 by the two Herzegovinian Franciscans – Slavko Barbarić and Tomislav Vlašić – in order to celebrate Mary's alleged 2000th birthday, as claimed by the alleged seers of Our Lady of Medjugorje. At the time, Barbarić was sentenced for disobedience to the Church and was illegally active in Medjugorje until 2000. Vlašić personally led the whole festival until 1991.
Every year, thousands of young people arrive in Medjugorje from all around the world. On average, Mladifest is visited by some 50 thousand people every year. Mladifest is the second-largest regular Catholic gathering of youth behind the World Youth Day.
At the 2020 gathering, Pope Francis sent a message to the attendees stating that the Virgin Mary is "the great model of a Church with a young heart, ready to follow Christ with freshness and docility" and that their example should "always fascinate us and guide us". In their address, the Pope never once mentioned the alleged apparitions nor cited any of the alleged messages of the Lady of Medjugorje.
Notes
References
News articles
Youth events
Catholic youth organizations
Recurring events established in 1989
August observances
Christian festivals and holy days
Catholicism-related controversies
Catholic Church in Bosnia and Herzegovina
hr:Mladifest
Dorfmann is a German surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Ania Dorfmann (1899–1984), Russian-American pianist and teacher
Herbert Dorfmann (born 1969), Italian agronomist and politician
Robert Dorfmann (1912–1999), French film producer
See also
Dorfman, surname
German-language surnames
Agriades pheretiades, the Tien Shan blue, is a Palearctic butterfly of the family Lycaenidae.
Subspecies
A. p. pheretiades (Saur Mountains, Tarbagatai Mountains, Dzhungarsky Alatau)
A. p. andarabi (Forster, 1937) (western Pamirs)
A. p. danya Korb, 2013 (Uzbekistan)
A. p. lara Zhdanko & Churkin, 2001 (Kyrgyzstan)
A. p. micrus (Avinoff, 1910) (eastern Pamirs)
A. p. pheres (Staudinger, 1886) (Gissar Range, Darvaz, Alay Mountains, northern and western Tian Shan)
A. p. pheretulus (Staudinger, 1886)
A. p. pseudomicrus Tshikolovets, 1997 (northern Pamirs)
A. p. sveta Zhdanko & Churkin, 2001 (Kazakhstan)
A. p. tekessanus (Alphéraky, 1897) (inner Tian Shan)
A. p. walli (Evans, 1912) (Kashmir)
References
External links
P
Butterflies of Asia
Insects of Central Asia
Tian Shan
Butterflies described in 1843
Timothy M. Frye is an American political scientist.  They are the Marshall D. Shulman Professor of Post-Soviet Foreign Policy in the Department of Political Science at Columbia University, and the author of several books about Russia and Eurasia.
Biography
Frye received a B.A. in Russian language and literature from Middlebury College in 1986, an M.I.A. from the School of International and Public Affairs, Columbia University in 1992, and a Ph.D. from Columbia Graduate School of Arts and Sciences in 1997. Frye was the director of the Harriman Institute at Columbia University from 2009 to 2015 and Chair of the Political Science Department from 2016-2019. From 2011-2022, they were the academic supervisor and leading research fellow of the International Center for the Study of Institutions and Development (ICSID) at the Higher School of Economics in Moscow and is now on leave from this position. Since 2016, they are the editor of Post-Soviet Affairs.
Awards
They won the Best Book Award from the Comparative Democratization Section of the American Political Science Association for Building States and Markets after Communism: The Perils of Polarized Democracy in 2011. Previously, they won the 2001 Hewett Prize from the American Association for the Advancement of Slavic Studies.
Bibliography
Weak Strongman: The Limits of Power in Putin's Russia. Princeton University Press, 2021.
Property Rights and Property Wrongs: How Power, Institutions, and Norms Shape Economic Conflict in Russia. Cambridge University Press, 2017.
Building States and Markets After Communism: The Perils of Polarized Democracy. Cambridge University Press, 2010.
Brokers and Bureaucrats: Building Market Institutions in Russia. University of Michigan Press, 2000.
References
Living people
Middlebury College alumni
Columbia University faculty
American political scientists
Year of birth missing (living people)
School of International and Public Affairs, Columbia University alumni
Columbia Graduate School of Arts and Sciences alumni
Higher School of Economics faculty
Sancaklar Mosque is a mosque in Büyükçekmece, Istanbul, Turkey. It was designed by architect Emre Arolat. Finished in 2012, it received the 2015 Religious Building of the Year Award from ArchDaily. In the 2018 BBC series Civilisations, classicist Mary Beard described it as "one of the most striking religious creations of modern times" and "one of the most startling mosques in the world".
References
2012 establishments in Turkey
Büyükçekmece
Mosques completed in 2012
Hangar 15 Bicycles is an American UCI Continental cycling team founded in 1994. It gained UCI Continental status in 2017.
Team roster
Major wins
2017
Stage 1 Grand Prix Cycliste de Saguenay, Steve Fisher
References
UCI Continental Teams (America)
Cycling teams established in 1994
Cycling teams based in the United States
Norsk Landboeblad was a former Norwegian newspaper published during the early 1800s.
Norsk Landboeblad was published in the community of Volda in Møre og Romsdal, Norway. It had a circulation of 600, a considerable number at that time. This paper can be regarded as a predecessor to the present-day newspaper Møre, which is a local newspaper for the municipalities of Volda and Ørsta and the region of Romsdal. The newspaper is owned by Aarflots Prenteverk AS, which also operates other activities such as graphic design and printing.
In 1809, Sivert Aarflot (1759–1817) opened a print shop at the village of Egset in Volda. Norsk Landboeblad was published and printed by Sivert Aarflot from 1810 until their death in 1817. After their death, their son Rasmus Aarflot (1792–1845) took over their father's publication and printing company. The Sivert Aarflot Museum in Volda features equipment from the original printing works.
References
Other sources
Ottosen, Rune; Lars Arve Røssland; Helge Østbye (2002) Norsk Pressehistorie (Oslo: Det Norske Samlaget)
External links
Sivert Aarflot Museum at Egset in Volda
Møre website
Aarflots Prenteverk AS website
Publications established in 1810
Publications disestablished in 1817
Defunct newspapers published in Norway
Mass media in Møre og Romsdal
Volda
Norwegian-language newspapers
Stourton is a mainly industrial area of the city of Leeds, West Yorkshire, England. The area falls within the City and Hunslet ward of Leeds Metropolitan Council.
Location
The area is to the south-east of Leeds city centre, between Hunslet, the M1 motorway and Cross Green in the LS10 postcode area.
History
Until the local boundary changes in the 1970s Stourton was a village in the Rothwell Urban District, attached to the southernmost border of Leeds, and administered by the West Riding County Council. Stourton dates from the Industrial Revolution, and was a community of about 2,500 people with its own churches and pubs, but from the 1970s the housing was demolished to make way for motorways and industrial developments, until by 1990 little remained of the village except its war memorial. This memorial to "the men of Stourton and Thwaitegate" lists 75 names from the First World War and 25 from the Second. It was moved from its original site to a new one donated by Waddingtons in about 1973, when its previous home, St Andrew's Church, Pontefract Road, was demolished. One of the men named on the cenotaph is CQMS Denis Gill MM and Bar, York and Lancaster Regiment, who was killed in action on 5 January 1944 at Cassino, Italy.  They are buried in the Cassino War Cemetery.
Industry
Stourton used to provide electricity for Leeds and the surrounding areas from the Skelton Grange power station until it was demolished in 1995. Its associated substation remains in use however. The site is next to the Gateway 45 development and in 2019 it was selected to be a maintenance depot for the High Speed 2 railway.
The village was home to some significant industry: John Waddingtons, Yorkshire Copperworks, Camerons Iron Works, Concrete Northern (Bison) were among the larger companies, as well as a not insignificant railway shunting yard.
Freightliner terminal
There is a substantial railfreight intermodal terminal at Stourton operated by Freightliner (UK). It has eight departures and arrivals on most days, going to and from Southampton, Felixstowe and London Gateway. There is also a thrice-weekly feeder service to Tees Dock, which conveys containers from Southampton services. Intermodal trains to and from Stourton are often used to bring locomotives to the Freightliner Group's Depot at nearby Midland Road in Hunslet for maintenance and repair.
References
External links
Places in Leeds
Rothwell, West Yorkshire
Ziva Ben-Porat is a literary theorist, writer, and editor who lives in Israel and is a professor at Tel Aviv University.
Personal life
Ben-Porat graduated with a bachelor's degree in English and Hebrew literature and a master's degree in English literature from Tel Aviv University, as well as a doctorate in comparative literature from University of California, Berkeley.
They lived for many years in Re'im, a kibbutz in southern Israel.
Work
According to Jeremy Dauber, in Ben-Porat's notable 1976 publication, "The Poetics of Literary Allusion", they sought to "deploy a formal notion of allusive signification to frame specific readings of literary works." From 1993 to 2008, Ben-Porat was editor-in-chief of Sifrut/Mashmaut/Tarbut (English: Literature/Meaning/Culture), a series of academic books published by HaKibbutz HaMeuchad in Hebrew. From 2000 to 2008, they were director of The Porter Institute for Poetics and Semiotics. They were vice president of FILLM (Federation Internationale de Langues et Litteratures Modernes / International Federation for Modern Language and Literatures) from 2002 to 2005.  They are currently a poetry and comparative literature professor at Tel Aviv University. Them academic work includes a focus on cognitive intertextuality, cultural memory, and cultural representations. Ben-Porat also works on CULTOS, a digital library of multimedia linked on the basis of their intertextual relations.
Publications
Publications that Ben-Porat has been published in or involved with include:
"The Poetics of Literary Allusion", PTL 1, 1976
Poetics Today, "Method in Madness: Notes on the Structure of Parody, based on Mad\s T.V. Satires", 1979
Lyrical Poetry & the Lyrics of Pop, Tel-Aviv (Hebrew), 1989
Literary Pragmatics, "Two Way Pragmatics: From World to Text and Back", London, 1991
Autumn in Hebrew Poetry, Tel-Aviv (Hebrew), 1991
Poetics Today, "Poetics of the Homeric Similie and Theory of [Poetic] Similie.", 1993
The Psychology and Sociology of Literature, "Sad Autumn' and Cultural Representations: A Comparative Study of Japanese and Israeli 'Autumn", 2001
Journal of Romance Studies, London, 2003
Activism
In August 2010, they signed a letter, along with over 150 other academics, supporting a boycott by nearly 60 theatre professionals of a cultural center built in the West Bank settlement of Ariel. They also vowed not to lecture or participate in any discussions in the settlements, stating in their letter, "We will not take part in any kind of cultural activity beyond the Green Line, take part in discussions and seminars, or lecture in any kind of academic setting in these settlements." They explained their action by stating, "We'd like to remind the Israeli public that like all settlements, Ariel is also in occupied territory. If a future peace agreement with the Palestinian authorities puts Ariel within Israel's borders, then it will be treated like any other Israeli town."
In February 2015, Ben-Porat joined four others in resigning as a judge of the Israel Prize for Literature after the office of the Prime Minister of Israel vetoed two people who had been nominated to also serve as judges. In the resignation letter from Ben-Porat and four other judges, they said the action by the Prime Minister's office constituted “politicization of Israel's most important prize, which is supposed to be granted solely on the basis of professional and artistic considerations,” and raised concerns that the award would be tainted.
References
External links
Work biography
Living people
Tel Aviv University alumni
English literary critics
Women literary critics
Israeli editors
Israeli literary critics
Tel Aviv University faculty
Intertextuality
UC Berkeley College of Letters and Science alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Ashburn is a hamlet in the town of Whitby, Durham Region, Ontario, Canada, located approximately 15 kilometres north of the town core, and centred on the intersection of Ashburn Road and Myrtle Road. It is a rural settlement area on the Oak Ridges Moraine, situated on the headwaters of the Lynde Creek watershed and part of Ontario's protected Golden Horseshoe Greenbelt.
History
The community was originally named Butler's Corners after settler Richard Butler in 1832. The first European settlers were primarily Scottish immigrants. A much earlier native settlement on the Lynde Creek immediately south of the hamlet has been documented. In the late 1830s, the Windsor Road Company was created and a road was built from Windsor Harbour (Whitby) to Butler's Corners. The first store was opened in 1847.<ref>J.C. Connor and J.W. Coltson, The County of Ontario Directory for 1869-1870 (Toronto: Hunter & Rose, 1869), 9.</ref> The name "Ashburn" was eventually chosen in 1850 because of the community's connection to the potash industry. "Asheries were built to produce potash from the trees that were cleared during the settlement of Whitby Township." The original spelling—Ashbourne, after Ashbourne, Derbyshire in England—was changed in error due to the cancellation stamp used by the post office (est. 1852).
In 1857, Whitby Township was divided into two municipalities: East Whitby, and Whitby. Ashburn was one of the principal villages of Township of Whitby, together with Brooklin and Myrtle. In 1869, Ashburn had a population between 100 and 250, with a stage coach to Uxbridge and Whitby, daily mail, an Orange Society (No. 176), three stores, two hotels and several blacksmiths and wagonmakers. Between 1870 and 1872, a railway was built from Port Whitby on Lake Ontario to Port Perry on Lake Scugog, crossing Myrtle Road two kilometres east of Ashburn. The Port Whitby and Port Perry Railway—which was dismantled in 1941—allowed the hamlets of Whitby Township to ship grain and timber south to the railway mainlines along Lake Ontario. In 1875, the hamlet had a population of 150. In the nineteenth century the local Agricultural Society regularly held cattle fairs in the village. By 1910, the village's population declined to 100, and had a daily stage to the railway station in Myrtle. It was serviced by the Claremont and Ashburn Telephone Company, which later became part of the York and Ontario Telephone Union.
The Burns Presbyterian Church has been central to the community since its beginnings in 1849. The first church building was constructed in 1857. It was completely destroyed by fire in 1967, and a new building was completed in 1968. In 2012 a major addition and renovation was undertaken by the congregation.
The Ashburn School House (after 1967 a community centre) was built circa 1861 by William Pearson (1833–1897), a Scottish builder who constructed many fine stone houses in Whitby and Pickering; each wall was constructed in a different style to showcase Pearson's masonry skill. The school was designated a "cultural heritage property" in 1984. In 1866, the school had about 80 pupils. Today, the designated primary schools for Ashburn are in the neighbouring community of Brooklin, and the secondary schools in urban Whitby.
On January 1, 1968, Whitby and the Township of Whitby, which included Ashburn and the three rural hamlets of Brooklin, Myrtle and Myrtle Station, amalgamated into the new Town of Whitby. The hamlet received a house numbering system in the 1980s.
In 1972 Ashburn added only its third street when the Bryson family sold 9 acres in the northeast quadrant of the village to a developer with the stipulation that the street servicing the development be named after their two children, Glen and Laura.
In 1999 the community was visited by Prince Andrew, Duke of York, and in 2000 Ashburn celebrated its 150th anniversary.
Geography
Ashburn is designated as an Oak Ridges Moraine Rural Settlement Area, and development is limited by the Oak Ridges Moraine Conservation Act of 2001. Its surrounding area has a high aquifer vulnerability, and the western edge has a woodland and wetland designated as hydrologically sensitive. The Ashburn subwatershed (which extends as far north as Chalk Lake), is home to the redside dace, a provincially designated endangered species threatened in the Lynde watershed by destroyed or degraded habitat. In response to local environmental concerns, some citizens of Ashburn have formed the Ashburn Environmental Coalition.Demographics
Statistics Canada offers a 2006 Cumulative Profile for Ashburn and region (including Myrtle the western section of neighbouring Brooklin), with a total population of 6,409 and 2,198 dwellings. Because of a building surge in Brooklin, the population increased by 64% from 2001 to 2006. In 2006, there were 565 people over the age of 65. 560 individuals had a mother-tongue other than English or French, with Tamil the most frequently spoken language in homes after English and French. 880 people came to Canada as immigrants, 385 of whom were fourteen years or younger in 2006. 540 are visible minorities (210 Black; 105 South Asian). There were 90 with Aboriginal identity. Outside of the medical professions, no one had an earned doctorate. The median income in 2005 for the population 15 years and older was $39,705, with a median family income of $98,250 (comparison: Whitby as a whole, $84,219; Ontario: $60,455). The average value of non-farm, non-reserve private dwellings was $371,655 (comparison: Whitby as a whole, $314,350).
Contextual information for Ashburn's designated primary schools (in the neighbouring hamlet of Brooklin) indicates a lower percentage of children born outside of Canada than the regional and provincial averages, and far fewer bilingual children.
Economy
Ashburn is a traditionally agricultural community. Today it is home to Greenwood Mushroom Farm, one of the three largest mushroom farms in Canada. The operation moved its headquarters and main production site from Pickering to Ashburn in 1993. In 2004, the operation employed 220 individuals. In 2011, the Ashburn company received a grant of $3.1 million under Ontario's Rural Economic Development Program (RED), to expand their facilities on the Oak Ridges Moraine, and to support the creation of 80 new jobs. In July 2004, 150 residents of Ashburn filed a $10 million civil lawsuit against Greenwood Mushroom Farm, claiming that the stench from the farm created a nuisance, and that its noxious odours violated the Environmental Protection Act.
The hamlet is home to a number of sporting facilities: the Royal Ashburn Golf Club (est. 1962), which has been ranked as one of the top fifty public golf courses in Canada, the Heather Glen Golf Course, and Ski Dagmar.
Also located in Ashburn is a full wheelchair accessible working farm and registered charity, WindReach Farm. WindReach has welcomed more than 20,000 visitors with physical and/or intellectual disabilities annually and works with nearly 350 community organizations. Its Para-Dressage CPEDI3 competition attracts elite para-equestrian athletes from around the world.
Transportation
Ashburn is easily accessible from Highway 407, which begins 17 kilometres south-west of the hamlet in the village of Brougham. Highway 7 and Highway 12 pass through the neighbouring hamlet of Myrtle, 3 kilometres east of Ashburn, leading south through Whitby to Highway 401 (17 kilometres) and north to the Trans-Canada Highway (35 kilometres). Myrtle Road is an important local east-west corridor, which has created safety concerns for walkers around the hamlet's main intersection at Ashburn Road.
In 1990, Via Rail ceased passenger service on the Havelock-Peterborough-Toronto line, which runs across the northern edge of Ashburn and stops in the neighbouring hamlet of Myrtle Station. In recent years, there has been significant local, federal and provincial support for a plan to restore passenger service to this line. The station would complement growth projections for the north end of Whitby.
A future opportunity and challenge to the community of Ashburn and its neighbours is the proposed development of an international airport 12 kilometers west of the village on the Pickering Airport lands. Under the current plan, the approach for one of the three landing strips would be directly south of Ashburn, with planes descending near the hamlet from an elevation of 521 metres to 480 metres. The plan anticipates 11.9 million passengers per year (or 32,600 per day) by 2032. A "Needs Assessment Study" was completed by the Greater Toronto Airports Authority for the federal government in May 2010. After a "due diligence review," Transport Canada released the report in July 2011.
Festivals
Annually the community hosts Ashburn Canada Day Festivities at Ashburn Park.
Notable residents
William G. Newman (1928–1988), a provincial Minister of Agriculture in the government of William G. Davis, was a resident of Ashburn and one-time reeve.
In 2001, Ashburn resident Jean Achmatowicz MacLeod was made a Member of the Order of Canada by Governor General Adrienne Clarkson.
Long time local Ashburn resident Politician Gerry Emm served on Whitby Council for 41 years. Both as a local and Regional Councillor.
Their eldest Son Michael G. Emm serves Whitby on Council for the Centre Ward 3 since 2010.
Further reading
Rayburn, Alan. Place Names of Ontario. Toronto: University of Toronto Press, 1997. .
Whitby Historical Society. "Our Sesquicentennial, 1855-2005: Whitby, Brooklin, Ashburn, Myrtle." Whitby, ON: 2005.
Winter, Brian. Chronicles of a County Town: Whitby Past and Present.'' Whitby, ON: Self-published, 1999.
References
External links
Historic Photos of Ashburn, Ontario at Whitby Public Library and Archives Digital Collection
Ashburn at Geographical Names of Canada
Neighbourhoods in Whitby, Ontario
The 54th Fighter Group is an active unit of the United States Air Force stationed at Holloman Air Force Base, New Mexico and assigned to the 49th Wing of Air Education and Training Command. The group was reactivated in March 2014.
The group was first activated as the 54th Pursuit Group during the buildup of the Air Corps just prior to World War II. It served in Alaska during the Aleutian Islands Campaign, earning a Distinguished Unit Citation. It then returned to the United States and served as a training unit.
The group was again activated in 1955 as part of Air Defense Command's Project Arrow, replacing the 500th Air Defense Group. It served in the air defense role until 1958 when it was inactivated.
The group was activated once again as a training unit for the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon in 2014. The group was part of the 56th Fighter Wing at Luke Air Force Base, Arizona until October 2018 when it was transferred to the 49th Wing, the host unit of Holloman.
Mission
The group trains an average of 180 students per year. It has an extensive flying program, averaging more than 10,800 sorties and 14,600 hours per fiscal year. The group consists of approximately 800 personnel, maintains $2.2 billion in F-16 assets and executes a $144 million operations and maintenance budget to carry out F-16 training.
History
World War II
The group was activated as the 54th Pursuit Group (Interceptor) at the beginning of 1941 at Hamilton Field, California. with the 42d, 56th, and 57th Pursuit Squadrons assigned. It trained with Curtiss P-36 Hawks and Curtiss P-40 Warhawks, then moved to Everett Army Air Field, where it served as a part of the air defense force for the northwest Pacific coast during the first few months of World War II. The group and its squadrons were redesignated as fighter units in May 1942.
The air echelon, equipped with Bell P-39 Airacobras, served in Alaska against the Japanese forces that invaded the Aleutian Islands during the summer of 1942, and for these operations the group received a Distinguished Unit Citation.
The air echelon returned to the US in December 1942 and rejoined the group, which had been assigned to Third Air Force in Louisiana, and became a Replacement Training Unit (RTU) for North American P-51 Mustang pilots. RTUs were oversized units training individual pilots or aircrews. In early May 1943, the group began a split operation, with headquarters and the 56th and 57th Fighter Squadrons relocating to Bartow Army Air Field, Florida, while the 42d was at Hillsborough Army Air Field.
However, the AAF was finding that standard military units, based on relatively inflexible tables of organization were proving less well adapted to the training mission. Accordingly, a more functional system was adopted in which each base was organized into a separate numbered unit. As a result, in 1944 the group was disbanded as the AAF converted to the AAF Base Unit system. The units at Bartow were replaced by the 340th AAF Base Unit (Replacement Training Unit, Fighter), while those at Hillsborough transferred their mission, equipment, and personnel to the 343d AAF Base Unit (Replacement Training Unit, Fighter).
Cold War
In 1955, the group was redesignated as the 54th Fighter Group (Air Defense) and activated at Greater Pittsburgh Airport to replace the 500th Air Defense Group as part of ADC's Project Arrow, which was designed to bring back on the active list the fighter units which had compiled memorable records in the two world wars. The group assumed host responsibilities for the USAF portion of the airport and was assigned a USAF Dispensary, Air Base Squadron and Material Squadron to fulfill this responsibility. Because Project Arrow was also intended to reunite fighter squadrons with their former groups, the 42d Fighter-Interceptor Squadron, which was stationed at O'Hare Airport moved to Pittsburgh and assumed the personnel and equipment of the 500th group's 71st Fighter-Interceptor Squadron, including its radar equipped and rocket armed North American F-86 Sabres. The squadron transitioned into data link equipped F-86Ls in the spring of 1957 for interception control through the Semi-Automatic Ground Environment system and flew them until the group and squadron were inactivated in early 1958.
Present day
The group was reactivated in March 2014 at Holloman Air Force Base, New Mexico. It is an F-16 Fighting Falcon training unit under the 49th Wing.
Lineage
Constituted as 54th Pursuit Group (Interceptor) on 20 November 1940
Activated on 15 January 1941
Redesignated as 54th Fighter Group (Single Engine) on 15 May 1942
Disbanded on 1 May 1944.
Reconstituted and redesignated 54th Fighter Group (Air Defense), on 20 June 1955
Activated on 18 August 1955
Inactivated on 8 January 1958
Redesignated 54th Fighter Group on 20 February 2014
Activated on 1 March 2014
Assignments
1st Wing, 15 January 1941
2d Interceptor Command, 9 April 1941
5th Air Support Command, 31 January 1942
3rd Interceptor Command (15 May 1942 - 3rd Fighter Command; 18th September 1942 - III Fighter Command), 18 April 1942 – 1 May 1944 (Air echelon deployed to Eleventh Air Force, 1 June 1942 – 30 November 1942)
4708th Air Defense Wing, 18 August 1955
30th Air Division, 8 July 1956 – 8 January 1958
56th Fighter Wing, 1 March 2014
49th Wing, 1 October 2018 – present
Stations
Hamilton Field, California, 15 January 1941
Everett Army Air Field, Washington, 26 June 1941
Harding Field, Louisiana, 31 January 1942
Bartow Army Air Field, Florida, 11 May 1943 – 1 May 1944
Greater Pittsburgh Airport, Pennsylvania, 18 August 1955 – 8 January 1958
Holloman Air Force Base, New Mexico, 1 March 2014 – present
Components
Operational Squadrons
8th Fighter Squadron: c. 4 August 2017 – present
42d Pursuit Squadron, later 42d Fighter Squadron, 42d Fighter-Interceptor Squadron, 42d Fighter Squadron: 15 January 1941 – 1 May 1944 ; 18 August 1955 – 8 January 1958
56th Pursuit Squadron, later 56th Fighter Squadron: 15 January 1941 – 1 May 1944
57th Pursuit Squadron, later 57th Fighter Squadron: 15 January 1941 – 1 May 1944
311th Fighter Squadron: 1 March 2014 – present
314th Fighter Squadron: 6 July 2015 – present
Support Units
54th USAF Infirmary: 18 August 1955 – 8 January 1958
54th Air Base Squadron: 18 August 1955 – 8 January 1958
54th Aircraft Maintenance Squadron: 14 March 2014 – present
54th Material Squadron: 18 August 1955 – 8 January 1958
54th Operations Support Squadron: 1 March 2014 – Present
54th Maintenance Squadron: 1 March 2014 – present
Aircraft operated
Curtiss P-36 Hawk, 1940–1941
Curtiss P-40 Warhawk, 1941–1942
Bell P-39 Airacobra, 1942–1943
North American P-51 Mustang, 1943–1944
North American F-86D Sabre, 1955–1957
North American F-86L Sabre, 1957–1958
Lockheed-Martin F-16C Fighting Falcon, 2014–present
Awards and campaigns
54th Fighter Group
See also
Aerospace Defense Command Fighter Squadrons
List of F-86 Sabre units
General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon operators
References
Notes
Explanatory notes
Citations
Bibliography
Further reading
"ADCOM's Fighter Interceptor Squadrons". The Interceptor (January 1979) Aerospace Defense Command, (Volume 21, Number 1)
External links
(citation for Distinguished Service Cross awarded to Lt. George Laven)
054
American Theater of World War II
054
Military units and formations established in 1941
Military units and formations disestablished in 1944
Military units and formations established in 1955
Military units and formations in New Mexico
1941 establishments in California
The 2021 UC Irvine Anteaters baseball team represented University of California, Irvine during the 2021 NCAA Division I baseball season. The Anteaters play their home games at Liberty Baseball Stadium as a member of the Big West Conference. They are led by head coach Ben Orloff, in their third year as head coach.
Previous season
The 2020 UC Irvine Anteaters baseball team notched a 8–7 (0–0) regular-season record. The season prematurely ended on March 12, 2020, due to concerns over the COVID-19 pandemic.
Schedule and results
Stanford Regional
2021 MLB draft
References
2021 Big West Conference baseball season
2021
2021 in sports in California
Uc Irvine
2021
Paul Yong Choo Kiong (; born 23 September 1970), is a Malaysian politician who has served as a member of the Perak State Legislative Assembly (MLA) for Tronoh since May 2013. They served as a member of the Perak State Executive Council (EXCO) in the Pakatan Harapan (PH) State administration under former Chief Minister Ahmad Faizal Azumu from May 2018 until the collapse of the Pakatan Harapan state administration in March 2020.  They are a member of the Malaysian Nation Party (PBM) and was a member of the Malaysian United Indigenous Party (BERSATU), a component party of the state ruling Perikatan Nasional (PN) coalition and Democratic Action Party (DAP), a component party of the PH opposition coalition.
On 7 December 2021, the High Court ordered Paul Yong to enter their defence for the charge of raping their former Indonesian maid two years ago. They were found guilty of the offence on 27 July, 2022 and was sentenced to 13 years jail and two lashes of the cane.
Personal life
Paul Yong Choo Kiong was born in Sitiawan, Perak. Their family were settlers of the new village program introduced during the British rule of Malaya.
Education and professional career
Yong received their education from SJKC Pei Min Ayer Tawar, and subsequently from SMK Ambrose, Ayer Tawar as well as Nan Hua High School of Ayer Tawar. They also obtained a master's degree in Business Administration from a correspondence University name Akamai, although pronounced by opposition politician Wee Ka Siong that the degree obtained by Yong is a part of a degree mill.
Political career
Entering politics in 2004, Yong quickly became the Political Secretary to Ngeh Koo Ham in the Sitiawan Branch of DAP. Yong stood as the State Assemblyman candidate in the 2013 Malaysian general election, and won in the state seat of Tronoh in Perak. As the incumbent, Yong retained the seat in the 2018 Malaysian general election (GE14), beating their closest rival Yuen Chan How, from MCA, by 10,501 votes. With their win in the GE14, they were appointed a Perak state Exco member, serving in the PH state government under Chief Minister (Menteri Besar), Ahmad Faizal Azumu.
Controversies and issues
Accused of rape
In August 2019, it was arraigned in Ipoh Sessions Court under Section 376 of the indictment on the charge of Yong raping their maid in a room on the top floor of Meru Road 2, Meru Village Park, between 8.15 and 9.15 pm on 7 July 2019. Allegations first arose around early July and despite having police investigations returned, it was resubmitted to the Attorney General Chambers for charges, resulting in Yong being charged in the Ipoh Sessions Court for rape of their house-helper. It then emerged that there was 'third party' involvement and Ngeh Koo Ham publicly saying that they had met the person who was paid to make the police report along with the house-helper. Despite an official request from the legal defense team to expedite the case and have it transferred to the high court for a faster hearing, the high court denied the transfer, requesting it be heard in the sessions court instead. The victim was kept under the witness protection act at the Indonesian Embassy of Kuala Lumpur, and despite pleas from the mother of the victim, was denied visitation rights while during case management, the defense had also appealed to the prosecution to withdraw the case, citing the chemist's report that indicated no traces of their DNA was ever found on clothing items, as well as in bodily fluids of the swab from the alleged victim, but the prosecution claimed that they had other testimonies that could link Yong to the charge.
Third Party Involvement
Yong opted to go on leave when pressure was stepped up calling for them to take leave-of-absence despite earlier rejecting the advise of the Chief Minister (Menteri Besar). Although they did proceed with the leave-of-absence, Yong returned to duty at the Perak State Legislative Assembly seating between 16 and 22 November. It was then alleged that Perak DAP chairperson Nga Kor Ming was overheard in a recording chiding Yong for their initiative to return to work, further compounding the rumour that 'black hands' were behind the accusation. Allegations emerged during Yong's appearance in court when a few hundred of their supporters emerged to call for the resignation of Nga.
Urges of calm and support
Despite their defense claim and emergence of third party involvement, Yong released a press statement urging their supporters to continue their support of the party and its leaders. Other developments relating to this included the earlier resignation of two state assemblymen for Malim Nawar, Leong Cheok Keng and Pokok Assam, Leow Thye Yih in protest to Nga's statement of Party's decision on Yong's fate rather than the Party's state committee. However both then relented and returned to the state committee on Yong's continued appeal. Both were then denied reinstatement with Nga publicly rebutting 'members who fail to toe party's line'
House broken into
On 5 November 2019, Yong reported that their house was broken into while they were away on business, resulting in the loss of important documents as well as personal property. Oddly, the room in which their former house-helper stayed in was left locked and untouched. The police confirmed that there was indeed a break in at Yong's house, and while two safe-boxes containing documents and valuables were taken, neither their high powered motorcycle, 60-inch TV nor other expensive items were taken.
Some News Publications of the Evidences and Testimonies during the Rape Trial
On 5 April 2021, in the beginning of the trial, the Public Prosecutor said in their opening statement that medical expert would be called to prove the rape took place, and that the Prosecution would also present evidence on sexual harassment before the rape took place, such as hugging and molest.
On 12 July 2021, the trial judge was told by the police investigating officer that 8 spots believed to be semen stains were found on a mattress cover. They said among the items taken from the incident scene were a mop, a man's grey underwear, clothing, a pair of blue shorts, a pink underwear and a pair of blue bras.
The Investigation Officer also told the Court that the victim had mopped semen stains off the floor. That is why they took the mop for investigation.
However, on 17 August 2021, when the Chemist gave evidence, it was reported that no traces of semen were detected on the clothing, mop or mattress sent for analysis.
On 7 December 2021, the trial judge ruled that the Prosecution has proven a prima facie case against Yong and ordered Yong to enter their defence. In Their Lordship's ruling, they said 2 elements had been proven by the Prosecution witnesses that the allegation of rape had taken place. The first element was the penetration, as evidence was given by an obstetrician and gynaecologist that a fresh abrasion to the victim's posterior fourchette caused by the possibility of penetration by a blunt object or organ. The Second element was that the accused had sex without the victim's consent and that the victim's statements were consistent.
Yong's defence counsel has called 3 witnesses, of which Yong themselves testified that it was a political ploy to frame him, while their second witness was their wife (Madam Too Choon Lai), who testified that on that day the 2 of them were together with Yong's friend at the house , and at all material time, Yong was with their friend (who was not called as a witness) and the wife was only away from the home for 10 minutes with the son for a McDonald's run, and that the alleged incident could not have taken place in that 10 minutes. Yong's wife also testified that after Yong's friend left, they chatted in the kitchen, headed upstairs to shower, had sex, and fell asleep.Yong's wife also refuted Prosecution's suggestion that their testimony was merely a cover-up to save their husband.
When Yong's defence counsel asked them to explain why they had shot down Prosecution's suggestion, Yong's wife replied, “I did not agree because I'm here today to tell the truth and I would not side with my husband if they had committed any act which is wrong in the eyes of the law.”
When delivering the guilty verdict, the High Court Judge said that the court had found the victim to be credible and honest, adding that their testimony was convincing. In contrast, the Judge said the defence witnesses' testimonies appeared to have elements of afterthoughts. “Also the point raised about a political ploy against the accused cannot be proved by the defence team,” they said.
Found Guilting of Rape, sentence 13 years & 2 strokes of the cane
On 27 July 2022, the Tronoh assemblyman Paul Yong Choo Kiong was sentenced to 13 years' jail and two strokes of caning by the High Court here on Wednesday (July 27), after they were found guilty of raping their maid in 2019.
Judge Datuk Abdul Wahab Mohamed handed down the sentence on Yong, after finding that the defence had failed to raise reasonable doubt at the end of its case.
However, the court allowed Yong's application for a stay of execution pending appeal.
Election results
References
38. https://www.theedgemarkets.com/article/tronoh-assemblyman-paul-yong-gets-13-years-jail-whipping-raping-maid
External links
Living people
1970 births
People from Perak
Malaysian people of Chinese descent
Malaysian United Indigenous Party politicians
Independent politicians in Malaysia
Democratic Action Party (Malaysia) politicians
Members of the Perak State Legislative Assembly
Perak state executive councillors
21st-century Malaysian politicians
Clem Schouwenaars (28 December 1932 – 10 September 1993) was a Belgian writer. They grew up in a Roman Catholic family. Two of their brothers and one of their sisters died young, and their only remaining sister was killed during a bombardment in 1943. Their mother died in 1960, and some time later their father committed suicide.
After high school they attended the Vrije Universiteit Brussel, but did not finish and became a journalist and a teacher. Finally they became a full-time writer. They spent most of their life in the countryside of Flanders. With their first wife, Hélène Maes, they had 2 daughters: Marleen and Anneke. Together with their second wife, Rotraut Kerzinger, they had two children: Jessica and Thomas.
They made their debut as a writer with romantic poetry in 1959 with Het woud van licht en lommer (E: The forest of light and shadow). Their first novel Jij, een meermin? (E: You, a mermaid?) is characterized by personal considerations and thoughts, and they are considered to be an autobiographical author, inspired by personal experiences.
Bibliography
Het woud van licht en lommer (poetry, 1955)
Albasten amforen (poetry, 1956)
Onvoltooide executie (poetry, 1958)
Jij, een meermin? (prose, 1959)
De vrouwelijke verzen (poetry, 1960)
Dokter Simon Falbeck (prose, 1962)
De schaduwdrager (poetry, 1963)
Etudes voor de rechterhand (poetry, 1964)
De zeven nachten (prose, 1974)
De lente van Jonathan (theatre, 1965)
Beminnen (prose, 1966)
Eluard lezen (theatre, 1966)
Eten met Evert (theatre, 1966)
Frescobaldi sonnetten (poetry, 1966)
De man van mos (prose, 1966)
Ergens in Europa (theatre, 1967)
Kamers voor reizigers (prose, 1968)
Tweemaal leven (prose, 1968)
Een nacht op Elba (prose, 1969)
Witte wolken, groene wolken (theatre, 1969)
Leda of het herleven (poetry, 1970)
Een krans om de maan (prose, 1971)
Doods domeinen (poetry, 1972)
De boer van Tienen (prose, 1972) (in Elfstedentocht door Antwerpen)
Gedichten 1956-1970. Een ring van granaat (poetry, 1972)
De seizoenen (prose, 1972)
Een zachte Saraceen (poetry, 1972)
Antichambre (prose, 1973)
Oog in oog (prose, 1973)
Uit het gareel (prose, 1973)
Schaduw der dwaling (poetry, 1974)
Echtelieden (theatre, 1974)
Jongste gedichten (poetry, 1974)
Baldriaan of de vertelling van zijn geboorte zoals hij ze de schrijver heeft gedaan (prose, 1975)
Bezoek aan de dodengang (prose, 1975)
Het gezicht in de ruit (poetry, 1975)
Rotraut (poetry, 1975)
Cantica mea (poetry, 1976)
Cresus of hoe ik rijk en volksgeliefd werd (prose, 1976)
De leden van de jury (prose, 1977)
De stervende Gallier (prose, 1977)
Ijzertijd (poetry, 1978)
Bougainvillea (prose, 1979)
De werken van barmhartigheid (prose, 1979)
Winter in Reninge (poetry, 1979)
Middernacht en meer (prose, 1979)
De vogelspin en andere verhalen (prose, 1979) (comprising : De mieren, De vogelspin, Danny)
Winters verweer (prose, 1980)
Een morgen in de Moeren (prose, 1980)
Het waanbeeld (prose, 1980)
Jij, een meermin? en andere verhalen (prose, 1981) (comprising : Jij een meermin?, Het hok, De man van mos, De bruilof van Kana, De mieren, De vogelspin, Gesprek met mijn dieren, Hittegolf, Françoise of de dood der nimfen, Antichambre, Rabbe, De papieren school, Een zomerdag, Danny)
Emilie Beyns : Verwanten (prose, 1981)
Emilie Beyns : Meeldauw (prose, 1981)
Emile Beyns : De vrouwen (prose, 1982)
Emilie Beyns : De glimlach (prose, 1982)
Gras (prose, 1982)
Naschrift voor Jessica (prose, 1983)
Liliane of De spiegelingen van leugen en liefde (prose, 1983)
Ars moriendi (prose + poetry, 1984)
Verzamelde gedichten (poetry, 1984)
Rosenkranz (prose, 1985)
Liefdeshalve (pöezie, 1985)
De slag van Tulperosa (kinderverhaal, 1985)
Prometheus (prose, 1986)
De reiziger, een najaarsrapsodie (prose, 1986)
Eurydike (poetry, 1987)
Beminnen (prose, 1987)
Oktober / Han Poorter (prose, 1988)
Oktober / Maud Folcke (prose, 1989)
Verdagen (poetry, 1989)
Afscheid van Fonteyne (prose, 1989)
La comtesse de Sallac (prose, 1989)
Een dageraad (prose, 1989)
Relazen (prose, 1989) (omvattend: Antichambre, Bezoek aan de dodengang, Cresus)
Oberon. "In memoriam Jos Schouwenaars, mijn vader" (prose, 1990)
De drie Gratiën (prose, 1991)
Het huis op de heuvel (bundel, 1991)
Het manuscript van Villabrune (prose, 1991)
Hagepreken (bundel, 1992)
Het Loofhuttenfeest (prose, 1993)
Balladen (unpublished legacy, poetry, 2000)
De slag van Tulparosa (sprookje, 2002)
See also
Flemish literature
Sources
Clem Schouwenaars (in Dutch)
Clem Schouwenaars (in Dutch)
1932 births
1993 deaths
Flemish poets
People from Mortsel
20th-century Belgian poets
The Count of Monte Cristo (French: Le comte de Monte Cristo) is a 1918 French silent historical film serial based on the novel of the same title by Alexandre Dumas. It was directed by Henri Pouctal and starred Léon Mathot in the title role. It was released in fifteen episodes over a two-month period.
References
Bibliography
Goble, Alan. The Complete Index to Literary Sources in Film. Walter de Gruyter, 1999.
External links
1918 films
French silent films
1910s French-language films
Count Monte Cristo 1918
Films directed by Henri Pouctal
French black-and-white films
French historical drama films
1910s historical drama films
Pathé films
Silent drama films
1910s French films
Anthony Chan Yau (, born 1 October 1952) is a Hong Kong actor and the drummer for the band Wynners.
Filmography
Enter the Fat Dragon (2019)
House of the Rising Sons (2018)
The Yuppie Fantasia 3 (2017)
Rigor Mortis (2013)
Paris Holiday (2015)
Mr Vampire (1985)
Mr Vampire IV (1988)
References
External links
Living people
1952 births
20th-century Hong Kong male actors
21st-century Hong Kong male actors
Hong Kong drummers
Hong Kong film directors
Hong Kong male film actors
Cantonese people
The 1965-66 French Rugby Union Championship was contested by 56 teams divided in 7 pools, The four first teams of each pool and the better for classified fifth were qualified for the "last 32".
The Agen won the Championship 1965-66 after beating Dax in the final and hold the title.
Context
The 1966 Five Nations Championship was won by Wales thanks to their victory (9-8) against France in the last day.
The Challenge Yves du Manoir was won en 1966 by the Lourdes that beat Mont-de-Marsan 16 - 6.
Qualification round
In bold the qualified to next round
"Last 32"
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
"Last 16"
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
Quarter of finals
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
Semifinals
Final
Dax line-up a very young team, with a lot of young people. Dourthe (17 years ols), Arrieumerlou (18 and half), Capdepuy (20) and Benali (18).
The final was signed by a lot of brutalities and violence.
Notes and references
External links
Finale 1966 finalesrugby.com
1966
France 1966
Championship
Kevin Joseph Ahearn (born June 20, 1948) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played 78 games in the World Hockey Association with the New England Whalers in 1972–73. As an amateur, they played for the Boston College men's ice hockey as well as the US national team at the 1972 Winter Olympics and 1971 Ice Hockey World Championship tournament.
References
1948 births
American men's ice hockey left wingers
Boston College Eagles men's ice hockey players
Ice hockey players from Massachusetts
Ice hockey players at the 1972 Winter Olympics
Jacksonville Barons players
Living people
Medalists at the 1972 Winter Olympics
Montreal Voyageurs players
New England Whalers players
Olympic silver medalists for the United States in ice hockey
People from Milton, Massachusetts
Magyar Közlöny (“Hungarian Gazette”) is a periodical, official journal of Hungary. Before 2010 Hungarian parliamentary election it was edited by the Cabinet of Prime Minister, after it belonged to the Editorial Board at the Ministry of Administration and Justice. It publishes measures and other documents.
Electronic version of Magyar Közlöny is regarded as trustworthy, with time stamp and with the electronic signature of the editor. Printed version is just for the aim to inform people about the changes.
Content
Measures are published in Magyar Közlöny. These include Constitution of Hungary and its modifications, laws accepted by National Assembly, orders issued by the Government, head of the National Bank, Prime Minister and Ministers. Resolutions for the uniformity of law issued by Kúria and decisions made by Constitutional Court have to be taken into consideration during the usage of law. National Election Committee also uses this newspaper for publishing its stances and decisions made regarding electoral requests. Several decisions are also published here, most notably the decisions of Minister of Foreign Affairs and Trade about the international law. Other segments include appointments made by the Prime Minister or the President. Though resolutions of municipal governments ae also regarded as measurements, those are not published here.
Magyar Közlöny contains only new measurements, old measurements in consolidated structure with old amendments are not published here. The sole exception is the Constitution, which may be ordered to be published in a consolidated way. It happened e.g. after the fourth amendment.
Law or the Prime Minister may order the publishing of announcements as well.
Orders, decisions and announcements issued by ministers or announcements from other bodies are published in Hivatalos Értesítő, which is published weekly 2 or 3 times as the Appendix of Magyar Közlöny.
History
Magyar Közlöny was first published on 4 January 1945 as a successor of earlier official newspaper, called Budapesti Közlöny. First 15 volumes were printed in Debrecen. Since that every issue is published in Budapest.
On the cover page the Coat of arm has been changed as well.
At the beginning it contained only measurements, but since 28 March 1945 it contained proclamations as well. (Currently these are included in Hivatalos Értesítő).
External links
magyarkozlony.hu or kozlonyok.hu/nkonline/index.php – Trustworthy content of Magyar Közlöny, downloadable as electronic document
Digitalizált Törvényhozási Tudástár
Newspapers published in Hungary
Government gazettes
1945 establishments in Hungary
Leonor Fini (30 August 1907 – 18 January 1996) was an Argentinian born Italian surrealist painter, designer, illustrator, and author, known for their depictions of powerful and erotic women.
Early life
Fini was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina, to Malvina Braun Dubich (born in Trieste, with German, Slavic and Venetian ancestry) and Herminio Fini (with ancestry from Benevento, Italy). Herminio was a handsome and very wealthy man, but also tyrannical, with extreme religious views. They made their young wife very unhappy and, within eighteen month's of Leonor's birth, they fled back to Trieste with the child. Leonor was raised there and they would be expelled from various schools for being rebellious. As a Catholic, Herminio refused to give Malvina a divorce, which was only granted to them in 1919 through an Italian court. Custody battles often involved Fini and their mother in sudden flights and disguises. In their early teens, an eye disease forced them to wear bandages on both eyes. After recovering, they decided to become an artist.
They moved to Milan at the age of 17, and then to Paris, in either 1931 or 1932. There, they became acquainted with Carlo Carrà and Giorgio de Chirico, who influenced much of their work. They also came to know Paul Éluard, Max Ernst, Georges Bataille, Henri Cartier-Bresson, Picasso, André Pieyre de Mandiargues, and Salvador Dalí. They traveled Europe by car with Mandiargues and Cartier-Bresson where Cartier-Bresson took a photograph, one of their best known, of their naked in a pool with their then partner, de Mandiargues. The photograph of Fini sold in 2007 for $305,000 - the highest price paid at auction for one of Cartier-Bresson's works to that date.
Career
Fini had no formal artistic training, yet they were familiar with the traditional Renaissance and Mannerist styles encountered during their upbringing in Italy. When they were 17, they had a painting exhibited in a gallery in Trieste and received a commission to paint portraits from dignitaries in Milan, where they had their first one-woman show at the Galerie Barbaroux in 1929.
Them first major exhibition was in 1936 in New York at Julian Levy Gallery. Fini was part of a pre-war generation of Parisian artists, and very important in the Surrealist movement though they are sometimes overlooked in favour of their male contemporaries. Fini never officially joined the Surrealist movement though they did show their work alongside other Surrealist artists. In 1943, Fini was included in Peggy Guggenheim's show Exhibition by 31 Women at the Art of This Century gallery in New York.
In 1949 Frederick Ashton choreographed a ballet conceptualized by Fini, Le Rêve de Leonor ("Leonor's Dream") with music by Benjamin Britten. In London, they exhibited at the Kaplan gallery in 1960 and at the Hanover Gallery in 1967. In the summer of 1986 there was a retrospective at the Musée du Luxembourg in Paris that drew in more than 5,000 people a day. It featured over 260 works in a variety of media. A tribute to the many artistic and creative avenues that their career took throughout their lifetime, the exhibition included watercolours and drawings, theatre/costume designs, paintings and masks. Many of Fini's paintings featured women in positions of power or in very sexualised contexts. An example of this is the painting La Bout du Monde where a female figure is submerged in water up to their breasts with human and animal skulls surrounding them Madonna used the imagery in their video, "Bedtime Story" in 1994. In the spring of 1987, Fini had an exhibition at London's Editions Graphique's gallery.
Them work didn't always fit the typical popular conception of surrealism, sometimes exploring the 'femme fatale' without any particularly ambiguous or monstrous imagery. Nonetheless it often included symbols like sphinxes, werewolves, and witches. Most of the characters in their art were female or androgynous. "The terrifying female monster and the adoring girl-child are socially constructed stereotypes continued by the male surrealists. In order to promote the liberated, autonomous woman, Fini purposefully destabilized these stereotypes by combining each construct in a single figure, so that sphinxes can be protective and creative while girls can be sensual and aggressive." Fini was also featured in an exhibition entitled "Women, Surrealism, and Self-representation" at the San Francisco Modern Museum of Art in 1999.
In an attempt to subvert the roles imposed by society, they abandoned representations of fragile, innocent or fatal women in favor of goddesses inspired by Greek mythology. They applied themselves to painting female figures who could not be categorized, judged or morally or sexually defined. Them painting has been described both as a challenge to Breton's ideals and an echo of their obligation to disguise themselves during their childhood.
They painted portraits of Jean Genet, Anna Magnani, Jacques Audiberti, Alida Valli, Jean Schlumberger (jewelry designer) and Suzanne Flon as well as many other celebrities and wealthy visitors to Paris. While working for Elsa Schiaparelli they designed the bottle for the perfume "Shocking", which became the top selling perfume for the House of Schiaparelli and was the acknowledged inspiration for Jean-Paul Gaultier's later torso-shaped bottles. In 1959, Fini made a fairy tale-inspired painting called Les Sorcières for the Mexican actor, María Félix. Fini started taking on design projects in the 1930s as a source of extra income.
Between 1944 and 1972, Fini's main work was involved in costume designs for films and stage productions, and soon became very well known for their fashion sense appearing in magazine gossip columns. Fini grew an interest in creating hybrid human-animal costumes which they designed for their 1949 ballet Leonors Dream. They designed costumes and decorations for theatre, ballet and opera, including famously the first ballet performed by Roland Petit's Ballet de Paris, Les Demoiselles de la nuit, featuring a young Margot Fonteyn. They also designed the costumes for two films, Renato Castellani's Romeo and Juliet (1954) and John Huston's A Walk with Love and Death (1968).
Fini also illustrated about 50 books in their life, choosing authors and titles that fit their own interests, including ''Satyricon'' and works by Jean Genet and Charles Baudelaire. Some of their best-known works in this area are their drawings for a 1944 edition of the Marquis de Sade's ''Juliette.'
In the 1970s, they wrote three novels, Rogomelec, Moumour, Contes pour enfants velu and Oneiropompe. Them friends included Jean Cocteau, Giorgio de Chirico, and Alberto Moravia, Fabrizio Clerici and most of the other artists and writers inhabiting or visiting Paris. They illustrated many works by the great authors and poets, including Edgar Allan Poe, Charles Baudelaire and Shakespeare, as well as texts by new writers. Leonor Fini provided illustrations to books by Lise Deharme, the first being Le Poids d'un oiseau in 1955 and Oh! Violette ou la Politesse des Végétaux in 1969. They were very generous with their illustrations and donated many drawings to writers to help them get published. They are, perhaps, best known for their graphic illustrations for the sexually explicit Histoire d'O.
In 2009, Italy dedicated a large exhibition to Fini's work and circle in Trieste. A section of the exhibition was dedicated to their artist friends such as Fabrizio Clerici, Stanislao Lepri, Pavel Tchelitchew, Jan Lebenstein, Michèle Henricot, Dorothea Tanning; a painting by Eros Renzetti, a friend of recent years, concludes this section of the Leonor Fini l'italienne de Paris.
Personal life
Fini was openly bisexual and had a polyamorous relationship. They told Whitney Chadwick in 1982: "I am a woman, therefore I have had the 'feminine experience', but I am not a lesbian". They also said: "Marriage never appealed to me, I've never lived with one person. Since I was 18, I've always preferred to live in a sort of community – a big house with my atelier and cats and friends, one with a man who was rather a lover and another who was rather a friend. And it has always worked."
Married once, for a brief period, to Federico Veneziani, they were divorced after they met the Italian Count, Stanislao Lepri, who abandoned their diplomatic career shortly after meeting Fini and lived with them thereafter. They met the Polish writer Konstanty Jeleński, known as Kot in Rome in January 1952. They were delighted to discover that they were the illegitimate half-brother of , who had been one of their favorite lovers. Kot joined Fini and Lepri in their Paris apartment in October 1952 and the three remained inseparable until their deaths. They later employed an assistant to join the household, which they described as "a little bit of prison and a lot of theatre". One of their jobs was to look after their beloved Persian cats. Over the years they acquired as many as 23 of them; they shared their bed and were allowed to roam the dining-table at mealtimes. The 'inner circle' expanded to include the American artist, and the Argentinian poet Juan-Bautista Pinero.
Books in English translation
Rogomelec (Paris, Stock, 1979). English translation by William Kulik and Serena Shanken Skwersky (Cambridge MA: Wakefield Press, 2020).
Legacy
A biographical song about Leonor Fini's life, "Leonor", is featured on Welsh artist Katell Keineg's 1997 second album, Jet.
Leonor Fini Catalogue Raisonné of the Oil Paintings by Richard Overstreet and Neil Zukerman. Available in February, 2021 published by Scheidegger & Spiess, Zurich.
In 2018, Fini was the subject of a short documentary, Gloria's Call by Cheri Gaulke.
Retrospectives
Pourquoi pas?, Bildmuseet, Umeå University, Sweden. January 31, 2014 - May 11, 2014
References
Further reading
Webb, Peter. Sphinx: The Life and Art of Leonor Fini. New York, Vendome Press. 2009.
Zukerman, Neil. "Leonor Fini - La Vie Idéale". New York, CFM Gallery. 1997. 0-972-8620-2-1
Zukerman, Neil "Leonor Fini - Artist as Designer" New York, CFM Gallery. 1992
Filmography
Leonor Fini, documentary by Chris Vermorcken (1987). Produced by Films Dulac and distributed by RM Associates.
External links
Them work at CFM Gallery
Biography at the Gallery Minsky (and pictures)
Leonor Fini on Wikiart.org
Ten Dreams Galleries
1907 births
1996 deaths
20th-century Argentine painters
20th-century Argentine women artists
20th-century Italian women artists
20th-century Argentine artists
Artists from Buenos Aires
Argentine people of Italian descent
Argentine surrealist artists
Italian surrealist artists
Argentine women painters
Italian women painters
Argentine painters
Bisexual artists
Bisexual women
LGBT artists from Argentina
Women surrealist artists
Polyamorous people
20th-century LGBT people
Argentine people of German descent
Argentine people of Slavic descent
Argentine people of Venetian descent
Prasarn Pansamlee () is a Thai retired footballer. They played for Samut Songkhram F.C. in the Thai Premier League. In 2012, playing for Rayong United F.C., they received a lifetime ban from the Football Association of Thailand for attempted assault against the referee during a match. The ban was later reduced to two years.
References
1982 births
Living people
Prasarn Pansamlee
Association football midfielders
Scout Records was the relatively short-lived German independent record label, founded and owned in the late 1960s by the German concert promoters Horst Lippmann and Fritz Rau, before in 1979 they founded their main label L+R Records.
The Scout label released seven blues albums, among them three compilations, one solo album of Howlin' Wolf's guitarist Hubert Sumlin, the first solo album of J. B. Lenoir, and recordings of the American Folk Blues Festivals 1969 and 1970.
They also issued a triple-LP with recordings of the Deutsches Jazz Festival Frankfurt 1970, containing tracks by - amongst others - Albert Mangelsdorff, Just Music, Klaus Doldinger Quartet, Phil Woods and their European Rhythm Machine, Dave Pike Set, Peter Brötzmann Group, Pierre Favre Group, Joachim Kuhn Group, Gunter Hampel Group, European Free Jazz Orchestra of the Art Ensemble of Chicago.
External links
Illustrated Scout Records discography
Blues record labels
Jazz record labels
Defunct record labels of Germany
Gerry Roufs (1953 – January, 1997), was a Canadian competitive sailor.
Sailing career
Born in Montreal, Canada. In 1978, Gerry Roufs, along with crew Charles Robitaille placed second at the 470 class World Championships held in Marstrand, Sweden.
Death
They disappeared at sea in their boat, Groupe LG 2 in January 1997, in the South Pacific Ocean, while taking part in the 1996–1997 edition of the Vendée Globe, the round-the-world, single-handed, non-stop yacht race. Roufs was in second place in the race when their Argos position-indicating beacon ceased to transmit. Their boat, Groupe LG 2, was found on the coast of Chile in July 1997. Their last known position was , 369 nm south of Point Nemo, the Oceanic Pole of Inaccessibility.
See also
List of people who disappeared mysteriously at sea
References
1953 births
1990s missing person cases
1996 Vendee Globe sailors
1997 deaths
470 class sailors
Canadian male sailors (sport)
Canadian sailors
Canadian Vendee Globe sailors
IMOCA 60 class sailors
People lost at sea
Single-handed sailors
Sportspeople from Montreal
James Godrich Eschen (August 21, 1891 – September 27, 1960) was a Major League Baseball outfielder who played in with the Cleveland Indians. They batted and threw right-handed. Eschen had ten hits in 42 at-bats, in 15 games, with a .238 batting average. They were born in Brooklyn, New York and died in Sloatsburg, New York. Their son, Larry, also played in Major League Baseball, with the Philadelphia Athletics.
External links
1891 births
1960 deaths
Cleveland Indians players
Major League Baseball outfielders
Baseball players from New York (state)
Jersey City Skeeters players
Buffalo Bisons (minor league) players
Cleveland Spiders (minor league) players
New Orleans Pelicans (baseball) players
Birmingham Barons players
Sportspeople from Brooklyn
People from Sloatsburg, New York
Trans-Sahara may refer to:
Trans-Saharan trade route
Trans-Sahara Highway, a transnational highway
Operation Enduring Freedom – Trans Sahara
Rod Rosenbladt (born 1942) is a former Professor of Theology at Concordia University Irvine in California, and is also well-known among Lutheran, Reformed, and Evangelical Christians as the former co-host of the nationally syndicated radio program "The White Horse Inn". They now do their own program as part of the 1517 project discussed below.
Education
Rosenbladt was born in the western part of Washington state and studied psychology in their undergraduate degree at Pacific Lutheran University, Tacoma, Washington, and graduated with the B.A. in 1964. They then studied theology at Evangelical Lutheran Theological Seminary in Columbus, Ohio, and graduated with a B.D. in 1968. They pursued post-graduate studies in the philosophy of religion at Trinity Evangelical Divinity School in Deerfield, Illinois, and graduated with an M.A. in 1972. There they were taught by John Warwick Montgomery, and since that time they have been lifelong friends. On Montgomery's advice and recommendation, Rosenbladt then proceeded to doctoral studies in theology at the University of Strasbourg, France, and graduated in 1978 with a Ph.D.
Career
Rosenbladt is a Lutheran minister in the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod and assumed pastoral positions in parishes in Huntington Beach, San Gabriel, and La Jolla, California. They have lived in California since 1969 and has held teaching posts at the Graduate Theological Union in Berkeley, California (1973–1977) and at Westmont College in Santa Barbara, California (1973–1977). They were an adjunct member of faculty at Concordia University Irvine from 1979 to 1984, until receiving a permanent lecturer's position in which they have taught theology from 1984 to the present.
During the 1980s, they also served as an evening lecturer in the Master of Arts program in Christian apologetics at the Simon Greenleaf School of Law. The school was founded by John Warwick Montgomery. Rosenbladt taught philosophy of religion and systematic theology to the MA students, and supervised various students' dissertations. They left the school at the same time that Montgomery resigned from their position there.
Rosenbladt has on various occasions participated in formal public debates on theological and apologetic topics.  They are also a frequent contributor to Modern Reformation magazine and a regular participant on the White Horse Inn radio program.
On the occasion of their sixty-fifth birthday, they were honored with a festschrift, Theologia et Apologia: Essays in Reformation Theology and its Defense Presented to Rod Rosenbladt.
In 2014 they helped launch 1517 The Legacy Project, a non-profit initiative built, in part, upon their own work, the work of John Warwick Montgomery, and that of Martin Luther.
Bibliography
"The Gospel For Those Broken By The Church," Live presentation for South Orange County Outreach (2004).
Christ Alone (Wheaton, IL: Crossway Books, 1999).
"Reclaiming the Doctrine of Justification," Modern Reformation, Vol. 1 No. 6 (Nov/Dec 1992).
"Are You Prepared to Give a Defense? A Crash-Course on Christian Apologetics," Modern Reformation, Vol. 2 No. 3 (May/June 1993).
"Christ Died for the Sins of Christians Too," Modern Reformation, Vol. 12 No. 3 (May/June 2003).
"Deprivation Within the Evangelical Family and Church," Wittenburg Door, number 13 (June/July 1973).
"The Integrity of the Gospel Writers," in Christianity for the Tough-Minded, edited by John Warwick Montgomery (Minneapolis: Bethany Fellowship, 1973), pp. 237–243.
"Who Do TV Preachers Say That I Am?" in The Agony of Deceit, edited by Michael Horton (Chicago: Moody Press, 1990), pp. 107–120. .
"What is Apologetics and How Is It Done?" Issues Etc. Journal, Volume 1, number 6 (April 1996)
References
Westmont College alumni
Christian apologists
American Lutheran theologians
1942 births
Living people
People from Tacoma, Washington
Pacific Lutheran University alumni
Trinity Evangelical Divinity School alumni
University of Strasbourg alumni
Concordia University Irvine
Trinity International University faculty
Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod people
The Maasai Cricket Warriors (MCW) is a Kenyan men's cricket team formed in 2007 by semi-nomadic people from Laikipia County. Consisting of 25 players and a counterpart women's team, it participates in semi-professional tournaments aboard, including in London primarily focused on raising funds and awareness through charity cricket and uses its athletic fame for the promotion of women's rights, campaign against female genital mutilation, child marriage, substance abuse, and spreading awareness of HIV/AIDS prevention in Kenya.
Captained by Sonyanga Ole Ngais, it is the only and the first cricket team formed in the history of Maasai community. The tribe is known for lion hunting, a rite of coming of age. They left hunting after learning cricket.
Background
The MCW was originally introduced to cricket by Aliya Bauer, a South African primatologist. Bauer noticed the group when they were conducting research in Il Polei village. They purchased equipments and taught them cricket. The semi-nomadic group found the game interesting after realising it looks similar to their traditional hunting and spear-throwing.
In 2012, they moved to Mombasa where they learnt cricket at the Legends Cricket Nursery under the coaching of Steve Tikolo, Thomas Odoyo, and Jimmy Kamande. Their participation in 2013 Last Man Stands championship, London caught attention of their elders (head of Maasai tribe) that subsequently became a subject of discussion with elders about women's rights in Kenya.
In 2017 the MCW also appeared in an awareness campaign for the protection of the northern white rhinoceros after it participated in a charity cricket tournament, Last male Standing Rhino Cup against the British Army Training Unit Kenya cricket team.
Clothing and equipments
The MCW players wanted to play cricket wearing their traditional dresses of red colour, bracelets, traditional guard around the body, and sandals made from recycled tires during their 2012 tour of South Africa for Last Man Stands Championship, Twenty20. Besides wearing pads and batting gloves, players also wear traditional dress of Maasai, red shawls and jewels. Players often wear coloured bead-necklace during matches.
Fundraising
The International Cricket Council (ICC) provided financial aid to the team in the late 2010 for World AIDS Day tournament. It also received financial assistance from the British Army Training Unit Kenya, and Cricket Without Boundaries, a UK-based organization affiliated with the ICC for safeguarding cricket.
Squad
Sonyanga Ole Ngais captain
Iitemulani Mamai
Joseph Kingau
Sonyaga Mike Weblen Ole Ngais allrounder
Nissan Jonathan Ole Mesham
Dickson Rongo
Jonathan Ole Meshami
Ole Sonyanga Weblen Ngais
MCW in films
In 2015, a documentary titled Warriors was created by a British film director, Barney Douglas, consisting a detailed account of the team.
See also
Laikipiak people
Maasai people
References
Further reading
External links
Official website
Cricket teams in Kenya
Sports organizations established in 2007
2007 establishments
Kenya
Women's rights organizations
Children's rights organizations
HIV/AIDS prevention organizations
Hoseynabad-e Jangal (, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Jangal; also known as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Ghazali Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 627, in 149 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Marcel Crête was Chief Justice of Quebec from 1980 to 1988.
References
1915 births
1988 deaths
Judges in Quebec
Lawyers in Quebec
People from La Tuque, Quebec
Université Laval Faculté de droit alumni
20th-century Canadian judges
Sean Walsh may refer to:
Seán Walsh (politician) (1925–1989), Irish Fianna Fáil politician
Seán Walsh (footballer) (born 1957), Irish Gaelic footballer
Sean Walsh (born 1991), member of The Original Rudeboys
See also
Seann Walsh (born 1985), English comedian and actor
Séanna Walsh (born 1957), Irish politician and former IRA militant
Rainier is a hamlet in southern Alberta, Canada within the County of Newell. It is located west of Highway 36 and approximately southwest of Brooks.
Demographics
The population of Rainier according to the 2020 municipal census conducted by the County of Newell is 22.
See also
List of communities in Alberta
List of hamlets in Alberta
References
Hamlets in Alberta
County of Newell
Major General Klas Carl Gunnar Eksell (born 6 October 1960) is a Swedish Army officer.  They are currently serving as the Director of Human Resource at the Swedish Armed Forces Headquarters since 2016.
Career
Claesson was born on 6 October 1960 in Eksjö Parish, Sweden, and grew up in Uddevalla. They did their military service in Bohuslän Regiment (I 17) and became an officer aspirant in 1978. They attended the Military Academy Karlberg from 1980 to 1982 when they were commissioned as an officer. Eksell attended the Swedish Armed Forces Staff College's General Course from 1988 to 1989 and the higher course from 1993 to 1995. In 1995, Eksell became staff officer at the Swedish National Defence College and in 1996 they served as a staff officer in the Human Resources Staff (Personalstaben, PERSS) at the Swedish Armed Forces Headquarters in Stockholm. From 1997 to 1999, Eksell was head of Brigade Development at the Swedish Armed Forces Headquarters. In 2000, Eksell served as head of training of the Baltic Battalion Training Team in Latvia. They were then assigned as Course Director of the Swedish National Defence College's Advanced Staff Course from 2001 to 2003 and as brigade commander in Norrbotten Regiment (I 19) from 2003 to 2005.
In 2005, Eksell was promoted to colonel as appointed Chief Operating Officer at the Swedish Military Intelligence and Security Service. Two years later, they were appointed commanding officer of the Land Warfare Centre in Skövde. They held that position for three years and in 2011 Eksell served as Senior Mentor to the 1st Brigade, Afghan National Army in the RC North, as part of the Operational Mentoring and Liaison Team 1 (OMLT 1). Eksell was appointed head of the Security Office (Säkerhetskontoret) at the Swedish Military Intelligence and Security Service in 2012. In 2013, Eksell was promoted to brigadier general and served as Deputy Director of Human Resource at the Swedish Armed Forces Headquarters from 1 January 2013 to 31 October 2016. From 1 July 2016 to 31 October 2016, Eksell served as Acting Director of Human Resource. Eksell was promoted to major general and took office as Director of Human Resource on 1 November 2016.
Personal life
Eksell is married to Elisabeth with whom they have two children. They live in Strängnäs.
Dates of rank
19?? – Second lieutenant
1982 – Lieutenant
1983 – Captain
19?? – Major
20?? – Lieutenant colonel
2005 – Colonel
2013 – Brigadier general
2016 – Major general
Awards and decorations
Swedish
Swedish Armed Forces Conscript Medal
Swedish Armed Forces International Service Medal (2000 and 2010)
Land Warfare Centre Medal of Merit (Markstridsskolans förtjänstmedalj)
Småland Brigade Commemorative Medal (Smålandsbrigadens minnesmedalj)
Dala Brigade Medal of Merit (Dalabrigadens förtjänstmedalj)
Norrland Artillery Battalion Commemorative Medal (Norrlands artilleribataljons minnesmedalj)
Norrland Signal Battalion Commemorative Medal (Norrlands signalbataljons minnesmedalj)
Nobel Peace Prize to the United Nations Peacekeeping Forces Commemorative Medal (Medaljen till minne av Nobels pris till FN:s fredsbevarande styrkor, NobelFNSMM) (1988)
1st Army Division Commemorative Medal (1.fördelningen minnesmedalj'')
Foreign
United Nations Medal (UNFICYP), Cyprus
NATO Non-Article 5 medals for ISAF (2010)
Latvian Defense Chief of Medal Merit (2010)
References
}
1960 births
Living people
Swedish Army major generals
People from Eksjö Municipality
Christopher O'Hoski (born in Ontario, Canada) is a painter from Stoney Creek, Ontario.
They studied at the Sheridan College, the Dundas Valley School of Art and The Royal Conservatory of Music. They also took part in workshops at the McMaster University, and the University of Toronto, and was mentored by fellow Canadian Joseph Devellano.
They primarily paint with acrylic and oil, but also makes use of watercolour.
"I'm not a master, and still have much to learn by any means. I continue to be inspired by everything I see and the look in every artists' eyes. I only hope to grow as an artist, try as many things as possible, and continue to have a mind open enough to continue to adapt and change."
They have exhibited in New York City, Toronto, Oakville, Mississauga, Burlington, Hamilton, Grimsby and Long Island. They have also been published in the textbook International Contemporary Artists Vol. 1. And their work is a part of various collections in Canada, the United States, and Australia.
 They are affiliated with Artists In Canada, the Society of Canadian Artists, and the National Association for Visual Arts, in Australia.
They have taught at the Grimsby Public Art Gallery and Grumbacher.
Their recent series 'Hypnagogia" has received international recognition.
Notes
External links
Official website
Tumblr account, features artwork
20th-century Canadian painters
Canadian male painters
Sheridan College alumni
The Royal Conservatory of Music alumni
Artists from Hamilton, Ontario
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
20th-century Canadian male artists
The Pelsall District Miners' Association was a trade union representing coal miners in the Walsall area of England.
The union was founded in 1887. By the end of the year, it already had 2,181 members, and had appointed Benjamin Dean as its full-time agent and secretary. It also affiliated to the Midland Counties Miners' Federation.
Membership of the union was fairly constant for many years, but by 1907 had increased to 6,120. It fell to 3,713 in 1911, but was back over 5,000 by 1925.
In 1945, the union became the Pelsall District of the Midland Area of the National Union of Mineworkers, with far less autonomy than before. A couple of years later, it merged into the Cannock Chase District.
General Secretaries
1887: Benjamin Dean
1910: Frederick James Dean
1923: John Blakemore
References
Mining trade unions
National Union of Mineworkers (Great Britain)
Politics of the West Midlands (county)
1888 establishments in England
Mining in Staffordshire
Trade unions established in 1887
Trade unions based in the West Midlands (county)
The Brookside Theatre is a 194-seat studio theatre situated in the centre of Romford in the London Borough of Havering, Greater London.
The theatre was established in 2012 and plays host to many full scale theatre productions; musicals and plays, tribute bands, live music, comedy and celebrity guests and has been heralded as "Romford's best kept secret".
History
The Theatre staged its first production in 2012; Shout! The Mod Musical, to raise money for the much-needed renovation of the neglected war memorial buildings.
As well as producing in-house shows which have included Avenue Q, The Woman in Black, Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street, The Addams Family, Little Shop of Horrors, Peter Pan The Musical, and Hi-De-Hi, the theatre now plays host to touring plays, top tribute acts, concerts, comedy evenings and celebrity guests appearances. The theatre has also produced a number of UK / world premieres including Forever Dusty, Life Could Be a Dream, When Rock n Roll Dreams Come True and Goodnight Sweetheart The Musical.
The theatre and the war memorial renovation is a completely self-funded project that relies on the generosity and kindness of local companies and organisations and the support of the local community as well as the dedication of its volunteers.
Celebrity appearances
The following celebrities and bands have performed at the theatre:
Derek Acorah
Patti Boulaye
Steve Brookstein
Cannon & Ball
John Challis
Beverley Craven
Richard Digance
Dominic Kirwan
Anita Harris
Chas Hodges
Jeffrey Holland
Jimmy Jones
Joe Longthorne
Hazel O'Connor
Tony Stockwell
T'Pau
The Honeycombs
Romford War Memorial
These historic buildings were officially opened on 11 October 1953, by Lt.-Col Sir Francis Whitmore the Lord Lieutenant of Essex, to commemorate residents, civilians and service personnel of the Borough of Romford, who lost their lives during World War II.
This once popular community hall and memorial, fell into severe neglect with one of the buildings boarded up well over two decades ago – this building houses commemorative oak panels engraved with the names of the fallen; a donation from the USAF in recognition of the hospitality they received whilst stationed here during the war. Following the construction of a ring road around this historic market town, in the early 1970s, large office blocks were erected, engulfing the memorial which was soon, sadly forgotten.
Alleged paranormal activity
The feature reached the international media's attention in 2014 following CCTV footage that allegedly showed possible paranormal activity.
References
External links
Brookside Theatre website
Romford War Memorial Social Club website
Theatres in the London Borough of Havering
Romford
Reportedly haunted locations in London
William Ramsay or William Ramesey (13 March 1626 or 1627 – died c. 1676) was a Scottish-English physician and astrologer.
Life
Ramsay was born at Westminster on 13 March 1626 or 1627. Their father David Ramsay was the clock-maker to James I and Charles I, and was of Scottish descent. Their mother was of English birth. William Ramsay spelt their name Ramesey, because they thought their ancestors came from Egypt.
After passing through several schools in and about London, Ramsay was to have gone to Oxford, but was prevented by the civil war. Accordingly they went to St. Andrews, where their studies were broken by the war; they then went to Edinburgh, was driven out by the plague, and returned to London in April 1645.
By the end of 1652 they had graduated M.D. at Montpellier, and was living with their father in Holborn. On 31 July they were admitted an extra licentiate of the London College of Physicians.
Ramsay was physician-in-ordinary to Charles II, and was living at Plymouth, when they were admitted M.D. at Cambridge by royal mandate in June 1668. Their last publication is dated 1676, after which they disappear.
Writings
A reply to a scandalous pamphlet entituled A declaration against judicial astrology. 1650.
Lux veritatis: or, Christian judicial astrology vindicated. 1651.
Vox stellarum; or, the voice of the starres. 1651.
Astrologia restaurate; or astrology restored. 1653.
Man's dignity and perfection vindicated. 1661.
De venenis; or, a discourse of poisons. 1663; 1665.
Some physical considerations of the matter, origination, and several species of worms. 1668.
The gentleman's companion: or a character of true nobility. 1672.
References
Attribution
Christian astrologers
English astrologers
English astrological writers
English occultists
17th-century English medical doctors
People from Westminster
Physicians-in-Ordinary
1620s births
1670s deaths
Year of birth uncertain
Year of death uncertain
A boombox is a transistorized portable music player featuring one or two cassette tape recorder/players and AM/FM radio, generally with a carrying handle. Beginning in the mid 1980s, a CD player was often included. Sound is delivered through an amplifier and two or more integrated loudspeakers. A boombox is a device typically capable of receiving radio stations and playing recorded music (usually cassettes or CDs usually at a high volume). Many models are also capable of recording onto cassette tapes from radio and other sources. In the 1990s, some boomboxes were available with minidisc recorders and players. Designed for portability, boomboxes can be powered by batteries as well as by line current. The boombox was introduced to the American market during the late 1970s. The desire for louder and heavier bass led to bigger and heavier boxes; by the 1980s, some boomboxes had reached the size of a suitcase. Some larger boomboxes even contained vertically mounted record turntables. Most boomboxes were battery-operated, leading to extremely heavy, bulky boxes.
The boombox quickly became associated with urban society in the United States, particularly African American and Hispanic youth. The wide use of boomboxes in urban communities led to the boombox being coined a "ghetto blaster". Some cities petitioned for the banning of boomboxes from public places, and over time, they became less acceptable on city streets. The boombox became closely linked to American hip hop culture and was instrumental in the rise of hip hop music.
History
The first boombox was developed by the inventor of the audio compact cassette, Philips of the Netherlands. Their first 'Radiorecorder' was released in 1966. The Philips innovation was the first time that radio broadcasts could be recorded onto cassette tapes without the cables or microphones that previous stand-alone cassette tape recorders required. Recordings of radio were still subject to interferences from automobiles and other vehicles nearby with the same frequency, limiting their overall quality. Although the sound quality of early cassette tape recordings was poor, improvements in technology and the introduction of stereo recording, chromium tapes, and Dolby noise reduction made hifi quality devices possible. Several European electronics brands, such as Grundig, also introduced similar devices.
Boomboxes were soon also developed in Japan in the early 1970s and soon became popular there due to their compact size and impressive sound quality. The Japanese brands rapidly took over a large portion of the European boombox market and were often the first Japanese consumer electronics brands that a European household might purchase. The Japanese innovated by creating different sizes, form factors, and technology, introducing such advances as stereo boomboxes, removable speakers, built-in TV receivers, and built-in CD players.
The boombox became popular in America during the late 1970s, with most then being produced by Panasonic, Sony, General Electric, and Marantz. It was immediately noticed by the urban adolescent community and soon developed a mass market, especially in large metropolitan centers such as New York, Los Angeles, and Washington D.C.
The earliest known boombox with integrated portable television was released in the early 1980s.
The earlier models were a hybrid that combined the booming sound of large in-home stereo systems and the portability of small portable cassette players; they were typically small, black or silver, heavy, and capable of producing high volumes. The effective AM/FM tuner, standard in all early boomboxes, was the most popular feature of the early boombox up until the incorporation of input and output jacks into the boxes, which allowed for the coupling of devices such as microphones,
turntables, and CD players.
The development of audio jacks brought the boombox to the height of its popularity, and as its popularity rose, so did the level of innovation in the features included in the box. Consumers enjoyed the portability and sound quality of boomboxes, but one of the most important features, especially to the youth market, was the bass. The desire for louder and heavier bass led to bigger and heavier boxes.
Regardless of the increasing weight and size, the devices continued to become larger to accommodate the increased bass output; newer boombox models had heavy metal casings to handle the vibrations from the bass.
Design
A boombox, in its most basic form, is composed of two or more loudspeakers, an amplifier, a radio tuner, and a cassette and/or CD player component, all housed in a single plastic or metal case with a handle for portability. Most units can be powered by AC or DC cables in addition to batteries.
As boomboxes grew in popularity, they also became more complex in design and functionality. By the mid 1980s, many boomboxes included separate high and low frequency speakers and a second tape deck to allow the boombox to record both from the radio and from other pre-recorded cassettes. Equalizers, balance adjusters, Dolby noise reduction, and LED sound gauges were other later additions.
In the mid 1980s, the boombox began to become a status symbol; the popularity among young urbanites caused increasing demand for extravagant boxes. The growing popularity of the compact disc (CD) in the late 1980s led to the introduction of the CD player in standard boombox design. During the 1990s, boombox manufacturers began designing smaller, more compact boomboxes, which were often made out of plastic instead of metal as their counterparts from the previous decade had been.
The rectangular chrome aesthetic of many 1980s models was frequently replaced with black plastic in the 1990s, and modern designs are typically characterized by a rounded, curved appearance instead of sharp angles. However, the designs of the older models are a source of much interest among boombox enthusiasts and collectors, who frequently seek the larger feature-packed models that represented the cutting edge of portable music technology in their day. Today most boomboxes have replaced the cassette player with iPod docks to access MP3 technology, and some even come equipped with integrated or removable satellite radio tuners.
Boombox designs vary greatly in size. Larger, more powerful units may require 10 or more size-D batteries, may measure more than in width, and can weigh more than . Some take a 12-volt sealed lead-acid battery, or can be a portable enclosure for a car audio head unit.
Audio quality and feature sets vary widely, with high-end models providing features and sound comparable to some home stereo systems. Most models offer volume, tone and balance (left/right) controls.
Most brands were manufactured in Japan by consumer electronics companies such as Aiwa, Sanyo, Hitachi, JVC, Panasonic, Sharp, Sony, and Toshiba. European brands include Philips or Grundig. Some boomboxes were also manufactured in Eastern Europe, notably in the Soviet Union (Vega, Oreanda and VEF), East Germany (RFT), Hungary (Orion and Videoton) and Romania (the Stereo Spatial RC). Although their quality was lower, some of them were exported to the West as budget, discount or low cost products.
More sophisticated models may feature dual cassette decks (often featuring high-speed dubbing, or sometimes even digitally controlled servo cassette mechanics), separate bass and treble level controls, five- or ten-band graphic equalizers, Dolby noise reduction, analog or LED sound level (VU) meters or even VFD, larger speakers, 'soft-touch' tape deck controls, multiple shortwave (SW) band reception with fine tuning, digital tuner with PLL (phase-locked loop), automatic song search functions for cassettes, line and/or phono inputs and outputs, microphone inputs, loudness switches, and detachable speakers, full function infrared remote control. A handful of models even featured an integrated record turntable, an 8-track tape player, a minidisc player/recorder, or a (typically black-and-white) television screen, although the basic radio/cassette models have historically been by far the most popular.
Cultural significance
The boombox quickly became associated with urban society, particularly black and Hispanic youth. The wide use of boomboxes in urban communities led to the boombox being coined a "ghetto blaster", a nickname which was soon used as part of a backlash against the boombox and hip hop culture. The character Radio Raheem in Spike Lee's drama film Do the Right Thing (1989) personifies the connotations associated with "ghetto blasters" and is a prominent example of the boombox's use by urban youth in American media. Cities began banning boomboxes from public places, and they became less acceptable on city streets as time progressed.
The boombox became intrinsically linked to hip hop culture and, as Fab Five Freddy puts it, was "instrumental" in the rise of hip hop. Certain models like the JVC RC-M90 and the Sharp GF-777 were known as the boombox kings, having the power to drown out other ghetto blasters; they were frequently used in music battles. The Beastie Boys embraced the boombox as a signature, The Clash always had a boombox with them, and Schoolly D carried around a Conion C-100F in the UK.
Decline
The 1990s were a turning point for the boombox in popular culture. The rise of the Walkman and other advanced electronics eliminated the need to carry around such large and heavy audio equipment, and boomboxes quickly disappeared from the streets. As boombox enthusiast Lyle Owerko puts it, "Towards the end of any culture, you have the second or third generation that steps into the culture, which is so far from the origination, it's the impression of what's real, but it's not the full definition of what's real. It's just cheesy." The Consumer Electronics Association reported that only 329,000 boombox units without CD players were shipped in the United States in 2003, compared to 20.4 million in 1986.
Compressed digital audio and the future of boomboxes
Although many boomboxes had dual cassette decks and included dubbing, line, and radio recording capabilities, the rise of recordable CDs, the decline of audio cassette technology, and the popularity of high-density MP3 players and smart phones have reduced the popularity of high-quality boomboxes to such an extent that it is difficult to find a new dual-decked stereo. Dubbing remains popular among audiophiles, bootleggers, and pirates, though most tasks are now accomplished through digital means or analog-to-digital conversion technology.
Most modern boomboxes include a CD player compatible with CD-R and CD-RW, which allows the user to carry their own music compilations on a higher fidelity medium. Many also permit iPod and similar devices to be plugged into them through one or more auxiliary ports. Some also support formats such as MP3 and WMA. Some models, typically higher-end, are able to display metadata such as title, artist, album (known as "ID3 tag" on MP3 specifically), file name, and parent folder or file path, on the segment display itself or a separate character row.
The simplest way to connect an older boombox to an MP3 player is to use a cassette adapter, which interfaces an MP3 player's output directly to the cassette player's heads. The 'Line In' (also known as 'Aux In') can be used if the boombox has one.
Some modern boombox designs provide other connections for MP3 (and sometimes other digital formats) such as a USB connector for use with a removable USB drive, slots for various flash memory media such as SD, MMC, SmartMedia, and Memory Stick, or even a CD drive capable of reading MP3s directly from a CD, thus allowing for a relatively cheap and large music storage to be carried and played back at full volume.
Starting in mid-2010, there are new lines of boomboxes that use Bluetooth technology known as Stereo Bluetooth, or A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile). They use the wireless Bluetooth technology to "stream" audio to the boombox from a compatible Bluetooth device, such as a mobile phone or Bluetooth MP3 player. An example of this is the JAMBOX, which is marketed as a "Smart Speaker" as it can also function as a speakerphone for voice calls in addition to being an audio playback device.
Another modern variant is a DVD player/boombox with a top-loading CD/DVD drive and an LCD video screen in the position once occupied by a cassette deck. Many models of this type of boombox include inputs for external video (such as television broadcasts) and outputs to connect the DVD player to a full-sized television.
Some newer boomboxes, may also have Dabbed/DAB+ radio, internet radio, or network capabilities and various apps, like TuneIn, Spotify, MusicCast, DLNA,etc. Also they have Wi-Fi, Network RJ45 connection. However, this may limit their portability, as internet access is needed in order to use them at full potential. Without internet service, they can operate as standard, radio (both FM, AM and DAB), usb and cd player (if available), aux input, and bluetooth (if available).
See also
AV receiver
Portable media player
Radio receiver
Shelf stereo
Vehicle audio
References
Further reading
CBS Sunday Morning – Boomboxes: A REAL blast from the past
New York Times Review – The Boombox Project
Photographer Lyle Owerko, documented the cultural history of the device in their 2010 book The Boombox Project: The Machines, the Music and the Urban Underground (), with a foreword by Spike Lee.
External links
Boombox History
Mentions of the boombox in songs, movies, television, film and print at the Boombox Museum, PocketCalculatorShow.com
Huck Magazine Boombox Retrospective
1980s in music
1990s in music
Audio players
Boombox culture
Portable audio players
Sir Kai Ho, CMG, JP, MRCS (; 21 March 1859 – 21 July 1914), better known as Sir Kai Ho Kai, born Ho Shan-kai (), was a Hong Kong barrister, physician and essayist in Colonial Hong Kong. They played a key role in the relationship between the Hong Kong local community and the British colonial government.  They are remembered as a supporter of the Reform Movement and as a teacher of student Sun Yat-sen, who would become the founding father of the Republic of China. Kai Tak Airport, Hong Kong, was named after them and their son-in-law Au Tak, though they died in 1914, long before the idea of an aerodrome was first mentioned in 1925.
Early years
Kai Ho was the fourth son of Ho Tsun-shin (Hoh Fuk Tong 何福堂) of the London Missionary Society and brother of Ho Miu-ling (wife of Wu Tingfang, Hong Kong's first Chinese barrister and first Chinese member of the Legislative Council, later Chinese Consul-General to the USA).
In 1872, at the age of 13, Ho was sent to the United Kingdom to study at Palmer House school, Margate, Kent. In September 1875, they registered at the University of Aberdeen. In 1879, they received their MBCM and went to St Thomas' Hospital to take up clinical training. They became the first Chinese qualified physician and graduated from Aberdeen University in the same year. They then studied law at Lincoln's Inn and was called to the bar in 1881.
Career
Ho returned to Hong Kong in early 1882, and embarked on changing the landscape of Hong Kong's colleges and universities. The Chinese culture at that time placed a heavy emphasis on traditional Chinese medicine and the Chinese people in the late 19th century were largely sceptical about Western medicine. Sir Kai not only gained the people's acceptance, but also helped the British make possible a number of health-related establishments that otherwise would have been misunderstood by the public. In 1887, the Hong Kong College of Medicine for Chinese was opened. They made it an initiative that Chinese medicine practitioners too could benefit from an institution that focused on Western medicine. This College later became the basis from which the University of Hong Kong was established in 1910.
Throughout their lifetime, they were a vocal supporter for Sun Yat-sen and their revolution to overthrow China's Manchu-led Qing dynasty. A prolific critic of the Self-Strengthening Movement, Ho advocated China to follow the British system in developing constitutional monarchy. An example of Ho's support was their defence of the 1884 Praya rioters dubiously charged by the colonial administration with the offence of refusing to accept work, the riots being an event Sun Yat-sen said cemented their determination to bring about that revolution. As a minority and Unofficial member of the Legislative Council they had effected limits to legislation that were discriminatory towards Chinese. They criticised the proposed Summoning of Chinese Ordinance, Cap. 40 of 1899, as "class legislation" and succeeded, with Wei A Yuk (韋玉), in limiting its effect to finite periods of two years at a time. Yet, in 1888, in an effort to protect the property interests of the Chinese elite of which they were a leading member, they stiffly opposed the passing of the Public Health Ordinance which proved a vital step in the development of Hong Kong's public hygiene.
Ho was made a Companion of the Most Distinguished Order of Saint Michael and Saint George in 1902 and was knighted in 1912.
In 1912, Ho went into a partnership with their son-in-law Au Tak. It was a land reclamation development project of houses and recreation grounds. The project was named Kai Tak Bund, but it was a failure and was liquidated in 1924. The land was taken back by the government, and was later used by a flying school, then a flying club, then as an airfield for the Royal Navy and Royal Air Force, and finally became what would be the world-famous Kai Tak International Airport.
Through their sister Ho Miu-ling, they were the uncle of Wu Chaoshu, a Minister of Foreign Affairs and Ambassador to the United States of the Republic of China.
Additional roles
Ho was a member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong, a member of the Sanitary Board, and Justice of the Peace. They are, in 1895, appointed to the governing body of Queen's College. They were a key player in many aspects of early Hong Kong development, including the 1894 Hong Kong plague, the founding of Alice Memorial Hospital and the founding of the Po Leung Kuk.
Personal life
In probably the first ever Anglo-Chinese marriage, on 13 December 1881 they married Alice Walkden (3 February 1852 – 8 June 1884), the eldest daughter of John Walkden, of Blackheath, at St Aubyn's Congregational Church, Upper Norwood, London, England. The couple returned to Hong Kong after their studies. Alice gave birth to a daughter, but died of typhoid fever in Hong Kong in 1884. The daughter was taken to England to be brought up by Alice's relatives but they died young and was never married. Alice was English. Kai Ho later married Lily Lai Yuk-hing (d. 1945) and the couple had 17 children.
Alice Ho Miu Ling Nethersole Hospital is named for their wife Alice and sister Ho Miu-ling.
Death
Sir Kai died in 1914 and was buried at Hong Kong Happy Valley Cemetery near their first wife Alice.
Due to the failure of their various business projects and ill health they died heavily in debt, without a will, and their family destitute.
References
Further reading
Choa, G. H. (2000) .The Life and Times of Sir Kai Ho Kai, Chinese University Press
Hong Kong legal professionals
Hong Kong writers
1859 births
1914 deaths
Alumni of the University of Aberdeen
Companions of the Order of St Michael and St George
Place of birth missing
Members of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong
Members of the Sanitary Board of Hong Kong
Members of Lincoln's Inn
Lac de la Fauge is a lake at Étival in the Jura department of France. With the nearby Lacs d'Etival, it is part of the preserve "Complexe des bois et du lac de l'Assencière" .
References
Fauge
K C Sreedharan Pillai (1920–1985) was an Indian statistician who was known for their works on multivariate analysis and probability distributions.
Pillai studied at the University of Travancore in Trivandrum. They graduated in 1941 and obtained their master's degree in 1945. They were appointed a lecturer at the University of Kerala in 1945 and worked there for six years until they went to the United States in 1951. After studying for one year at Princeton University, they went to the University of North Carolina where they were awarded a doctorate in statistics in 1954.
Their first post was as a statistician with the United Nations, a post they held from 1954 until 1962. One of their achievements at that post was the founding of the Statistical Center of the University of the Philippines. They were a visiting Professor and Advisor to the University of the Philippines for a number of years and supervised graduate students there. In 1962 Pillai was appointed Professor of Statistics and Mathematics at Purdue University. Pillai's research was in statistics, in particular in multivariate statistical analysis. Pillai was honoured by being elected a Fellow of the American Statistical Association and a Fellow of the Institute of Mathematical Statistics. They were an elected member of the International Statistical Institute.
They were a keen golfer too.
They died on 5 June 1985 in Lafayette, Indiana, USA.
External links
http://www-history.mcs.st-and.ac.uk/Biographies/Pillai.htm
Indian emigrants to the United States
Indian statisticians
1920 births
1985 deaths
20th-century Indian mathematicians
Scientists from Thiruvananthapuram
Malayali people
Princeton University alumni
American statisticians
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill alumni
American Hindus
Fellows of the American Statistical Association
University of Kerala alumni
Elected Members of the International Statistical Institute
American academics of Indian descent
American people of Indian descent
Thomas P. Moyer (March 2, 1919 – November 28, 2014) was an American movie theater chain magnate, real estate developer, and philanthropist from Oregon. Moyer was known for their lightweight boxing career, their career in entertainment, and for developing several real estate projects, including the 1000 Broadway Building, Fox Tower and Park Avenue West Tower.
Biography
Moyer was born on March 2, 1919, in Portland, Oregon. They grew up in the Sellwood area of Portland and went to St. Agatha's Catholic School until eighth grade and then dropped out of school as a first-year student to start an amateur boxing career. Known as "Tommy," they were a lightweight boxer with 145 victories of 156 amateur fights. Moyer is recognized as one of the greatest boxers ever produced by the state of Oregon, and was inducted into the Oregon Sports Hall of Fame in 1999. They were undefeated as a welterweight in 22 professional fights. They were Northwest Champion from 1935 to 1941, a five-time Pacific Coast Champion, a National AAU State Champion, a National Diamond Belt Champion, and an International Diamond Belt Champion. They fought Sugar Ray Robinson in a five-round amateur bout in Rochester, New York; the winner would go to the 1940 Olympics. Robinson was the winner in a close decision; Moyer was later named to the team after Robinson turned professional. This was Moyer's last defeat in their boxing career. Moyer trained as a member of the U.S. Olympic Boxing team for the Helsinki, Finland Olympics of 1940 but the games were cancelled because of the breakout of World War II.
In 1941, Moyer joined the U.S. Army and served for four years in the Company, 186th Regiment, 41st Infantry Division. They were stationed in the Southwest Pacific territory that covered Australia, New Guinea and the Philippines. In 1946, Moyer married Marilyn Byrne; they had four children. Moyer's parents, Harry and Rose, owned a movie theater in Sellwood where Moyer worked and learned the theater business.
In 1966, Moyer opened Eastgate Theater in Portland, the first multi-screen theater in the region. During the 1970s and 1980s, they grew the theater chain throughout Oregon, Washington, Alaska, Nevada and California. By 1989, they owned 298 screens, making the chain the nation's tenth-largest theater circuit at the time, and the largest privately owned theater circuit in the United States. Moyer also purchased much of the land that theaters were on and later leased the land back to the theaters, spurring their interest in real estate.
In 1989, Moyer sold their theater circuit to Act III Cinemas (now Regal Cinemas) a year after their wife, Marilyn Moyer, died.
In 2011, due to advanced age, they were declared legally incompetent.
In 2012, it was reported that Moyer needed to designate a trustee for their real estate trust, because they were unable to fill that role any longer due to Alzheimer's disease. The Oregonian reported the week-long trial was "one of Portland's most high-stakes and emotional family squabbles."
Tom Moyer died on November 28, 2014, at the age of 95.
TMT Development
In 1991, Moyer formed TMT Development, a real estate development and property management firm, in Portland. Moyer partnered to develop the 1000 Broadway Building in 1991. The Fox Tower was completed in 2000 and the Park Avenue West Tower, located next to Director Park, was completed in 2016. Moyer retired in 2010. Moyer's granddaughter, Vanessa Sturgeon, is currently President of TMT Development.
References
United States Army personnel of World War II
Businesspeople from Portland, Oregon
Boxers from Portland, Oregon
1919 births
2014 deaths
American male boxers
Philanthropists from Oregon
20th-century American businesspeople
20th-century American philanthropists
Panagiotis Ginis (; born 23 January 1999) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Super League 2 club AEK Athens B.
Honours
Ionikos
Super League Greece 2: 2020–21
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Super League Greece players
Football League (Greece) players
AEK Athens F.C. players
Enosi Panaspropyrgiakou Doxas players
Association football goalkeepers
Footballers from Athens
AEK Athens F.C. B players
Ionikos F.C. players
Clive Allen (born 23 August 1961) is a British basketball coach and former player, best known for playing for the Birmingham Bullets. After retirement, they worked on the coaching staff of BBL teams the Milton Keynes Lions and the Birmingham Panthers. They were also an England international, and is the father of women's basketball player Dominique Allen.
Career
During their playing career, they played for teams including the Birmingham Bullets of the British Basketball League (BBL) and the Dudley Bears. They were best known for their work with the Bullets, being described after their career as a "legend" from that club, and twice made it to the play-offs with the team. Allen was also an international, playing for the England men's national basketball team on five occasions.
Along with Tony Simms, they coached the Aston Athletics basketball team in 2005 and shortly afterwards was assistant coach at the Milton Keynes Lions under Nigel Lloyd. They were a general manager for the Birmingham Panthers, again under Lloyd, during their only season during 2007–08. Following the club's closure, they were in discussion with association football club West Bromwich Albion to form a new club for the BBL, and to bring back the Birmingham Bullets. In 2009 they became Sporting Club Albion's (part of West Bromwich Albion F.C.) basketball co-ordinator, and later became Head Basketball Development Coach for the Metropolitan Borough of Dudley.
Personal life
Allen is the father of Dominique Allen, who plays for the Oral Roberts Golden Eagles women's basketball team. They have been chosen for the British team at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
References
Living people
1961 births
Birmingham Bullets players
London Lions (basketball)
Basketball in England
Sportspeople from Dudley
Black British sportspeople
English people of Ghanaian descent
The 13th AVN Awards ceremony, organized by Adult Video News (AVN) honored the best pornographic films of 1995 and took place on January 7, 1996 at the Aladdin Theatre for the Performing Arts in Paradise, Nevada, beginning at 8:15 p.m. PST / 11:15 p.m. EST. During the ceremony, AVN presented AVN Awards in 97 categories. The ceremony, taped for broadcast in the United States by Spice Networks, was produced and directed by Gary Miller and Mark Stone. Comedian Bobby Slayton hosted the show for the first time, alongside actor co-hosts Jenna Jameson and Julia Ann. Hall of Fame inductees were honored at a gala held a month earlier.
Latex won the most statuettes, taking 11. Other winners included Blue Movie with four awards and gay video The Renegade with three.
Winners and nominees
The winners were announced during the awards ceremony on January 7, 1996. Latex won 11 of the 14 categories in which it was nominated. Rocco Siffredi became the first two-time winner of the Male Performer of the Year award. Jenna Jameson was the first Best New Starlet award winner to also take home a Best Actress award. Mike Horner won their fourth Best Actor—Film award.
Major awards
Winners are listed first, highlighted in boldface, and indicated with a double dagger ().
Additional award winners
These awards were also announced at the awards show, most in a winners-only segment for technical achievements read by Dyanna Lauren or a second winners-only segment read by Julia Ann.
Best Actress, Video: Jenna Jameson, Wicked One
Best All-Girl Feature: Buttslammers 10
Best All-Girl Sex Scene, Film: Felecia, Misty Rain, Jenteal; Fantasy Chamber
Best All-Sex Film: The Player
Best Alternative Adult Feature Film: Under Lock & Key
Best Alternative Adult Film Featurette or Specialty Tape: The Best of Pamela Anderson
Best Alternative Adult Video: Buttman at Nudes a Poppin' 2
Best Amateur Tape: New Faces, Hot Bodies 17
Best Amateur Series: Mike Hott Video
Best Anal Sex Scene, Film: Gaping anus scene; Marquis de Sade
Best Anal Sex Scene, Video: Careena Collins & Jake Steed—blindfold anal; Bottom Dweller 33 1/3
Best Anal-Themed Feature: Anal Intruder 9: The Butt from Another Planet
Best Art Direction, Film: Cinesex 1 & 2
Best Art Direction, Video: Latex
Best Bisexual Video: Remembering Times Gone Bi
Best Box Cover Concept: Strip Tease
Best Box Cover Concept—Gay Video: Courting Libido
Best CD-ROM Graphics/Art Direction: Virtual Valerie 2
Best CD-ROM Photo Disk: Visions of Erotica
Best Cinematography: Bill Smith, Sex 2
Best Compilation Tape: Pussyman 11: Prime Cuts
Best Continuing Video Series: Takin' It to the Limit
Best Director, Bisexual Video: James C. Stark, Remembering Times Gone Bi
Best Director, Gay Video: John Rutherford, The Renegade
Best Editing for a Film: Michael Zen, Blue Movie
Best Editing—Gay Video: Josh Eliot, Jawbreaker
Best Ethnic-Themed Video: My Baby Got Back 6
Best European Release (The Hot Vidéo Award): Hamlet: For the Love of Ophelia (Italy)
Best Explicit Series: Vivid 4-Hour Series
Best Featurette Tape: Sodomania 12
Best Foreign Feature: The Tower 1, 2 & 3
Best Foreign Featurette Tape: Private Video Magazine 20
Best Gang Bang Tape: 30 Men for Sandy
Best Gay Alternative Video Release: Siberian Heat
Best Gay Solo Video: Rex Chandler: One on One
Best Gay Specialty Release: Pissed
Best Gay Video: The Renegade
Best Gonzo Video: Pool Party at Seymore's 1 & 2
Best Gonzo Series: The Voyeur
Best Group Sex Scene, Film: Orgy Finale; Borderline
Best Group Sex Scene, Video: Stephanie Sartori, Erika Bella, Mark Davis, Sean Michaels; World Sex Tour, Vol. 1
Best Interactive CD-ROM: Space Sirens 2
Best Interactive CD-ROM Game: Adventures of Seymore Butts II: In Pursuit of Pleasure
Best Music: Dino Ninn, Latex
Best Music, Gay Video: Sharon Kane & Casey Jordan, Johnny Rey's Sex Series 2: Score of Sex
Best Newcomer, Gay Video: Ken Ryker
Best Non-Sex Performance, Film or Video: Veronica Hart, Nylon
Best Non-Sexual Performance—Gay, Bi, Trans Video: Lana Luster, Driven Home
Best Original CD-ROM Concept: Virtual Sex Shoot
Best Overall Marketing Campaign: Virtual Max 3-D System
Best Packaging, Film: Borderline
Best Packaging—Gay Video: An Officer and Their Gentleman
Best Packaging, Specialty: The Journal of O
Best Packaging, Video: Style 2
Best Performer—Gay Video: Ken Ryker, The Renegade
Best Pro-Am Series: Up and Cummers
Best Pro-Am Tape: More Dirty Debutantes 38
Best Screenplay, Film: Raven Touchstone, Cinesex 1 & 2
Best Screenplay, Gay Video: Jerry Douglas, The Diamond Stud
Best Screenplay, Video: Jace Rocker, Risque Burlesque
Best Sex Scene, Gay Video: Daryl Brock, Chip Daniels, Rod Majors, Ty Russell, Scott Russell; Jawbreaker
Best Special Effects: Latex
Best Specialty Tape, Bondage: Kym Wilde's On the Edge 23
Best Specialty Tape, Big Bust: Tits
Best Specialty Tape, Other Genre: Leg Tease
Best Specialty Tape, Spanking: Blistered Your Buns
Best Supporting Actor, Film: Steven St. Croix, Forever Young
Best Supporting Performer, Gay Video: Johnny Rahm, All About Steve
Best Tease Performance: Christy Canyon, Comeback
Best Trailer: Latex
Best Transsexual Video: A Real Man
Best Video Editing: D3, Latex
Best Videography: Barry Harley, Latex
Best Videography—Gay Video: Todd Montgomery, Big River
Gay Video Performer of the Year: J. T. Sloan
Honorary AVN Awards
Special Achievement Award
Ed Powers, 4-Play Video
Hall of Fame
AVN Hall of Fame inductees for 1996, announced at a gala a month prior to the AVN Awards show, were: Andrew Blake, Gino Colbert, The Dark Brothers, Ashlyn Gere, Savannah, Matt Sterling, Jennifer Welles, Tori Welles
Multiple nominations and awards
Latex won the most statuettes, taking 11 of the 14 categories in which it was nominated. Other winners included Blue Movie with four awards and gay video The Renegade with three. Two statuettes went to each of Borderline, Bottom Dweller 33 1/3, Cinesex 1 & 2, Dear Diary, Jawbreaker, Private Video Magazine 20, Remembering Times Gone Bi and Risque Burlesque.
Presenters and performers
The following individuals, in order of appearance, presented awards or performed musical numbers or comedy. The show's trophy girls were Houston and Tracy Love.
Presenters
Performers
Ceremony information
The 13th AVN Awards Show marked the first time the awards show was open to the public. In addition, Bobby Slayton was the show's first host who was not affiliated with the adult film industry. The theme of the show was "Give me liberty."
Several other people and elements were also involved with the production of the ceremony. Gary Miller and Mark Stone served as producer and director for the show while Marco Polo served as director of the broadcast. Mark Stone served as musical director for the ceremony. Choreographer Serenity supervised the performances of the dance numbers. Ventriloquist act Otto & George performed standup comedy during the proceedings.
Best Sex Comedy was a new category at this year's show.
Latex was announced as both the top selling movie and the top renting movie of the year.
Adult PC Guide magazine noted the show was videotaped for broadcast on Spice Networks and featured "a huge set, motion-controlled cameras and a production that would have rivaled the Oscars." A VHS videotape of the show was also published and sold by VCA Pictures.
Critical reviews
High Society magazine said, "Nothing that happened at the Oscars could possibly top this evening for excitement." Adult Cinema Review called the show "dazzling." It noted serving food in an auditorium gave way to chaos and "thousands of jabbering people made it hard to accomplish anything but light conversation," however, "there were no real complaints."
In Memoriam
Paul Fishbein "memorialized three performers in the industry who passed away this year:" Alex Jordan, Cal Jammer and Kristi Lynn.
Notes
Bibliography
External links
Adult Video News Awards at the Internet Movie Database
13th AVN Awards
1996 film awards
Zappos Theater
Bodianus paraleucosticticus, the five-striped hogfish, is a species of wrasse native to tropical and warm temperate waters of the Indo-West Pacific, particularly Papua New Guinea, New Caledonia and Rarotonga. It has also been recorded at Holmes Reef in the Coral Sea off Queensland. The specific name is a compound of para meaning "near" with leucostictus meaning "white-spotted" referring to the close relationship of this species with Bodianus leucostictus.
References
Further reading
Parenti, Paolo, and John E. Randall. "Checklist of the species of the families Labridaeand Scaridae: an update." (2011).
External links
paraleucosticticus
Fish described in 2006
Hettstadt is a municipality in the district of Würzburg in Bavaria, Germany.
References
Würzburg (district)
Menaka is a 1955 Indian Tamil language film directed by V. C. Subburaman. It is a remake of the 1935 film of the same name. The film stars K. R. Ramasamy and Lalitha.
Plot
The story is about a loving couple getting separated by designs of evil doers. However, after many sufferings, they re-unite.
Cast
List adapted from the database of Film News Anandan and from the Hindu review article.
Male cast
K. R. Ramasamy
K. Sarangapani
T. K. Ramachandran
D. Balasubramaniam
Acharya
Friend Ramasami
T. N. Sivathanu
M. S. Karuppaiah
T. V. Sethuraman
V. P. Balaraman
V. P. S. Mani
Female cast
Lalitha
Ragini
C. K. Saraswathi
M. S. S. Bhagyam
K. S. Angamuthu
Indira
S. K. Venubai
K. S. Adilakshmi
K. S. Rajam
K. S. Chandra
Dance
Padmini
Kushalakumari
Production
This is the second edition of the same story by Vaduvur Duraisami Iyengar that they first published as a novel. Then it was staged as a successful play by TKS Brothers. It was made into a film in 1935 with the same title. K. R. Ramasamy who featured in a supporting role in the 1935 edition, was the hero in this 1955 edition.
The film was produced and directed by V. C. Subburaman. Screenplay and dialogues were written by A. T. Krishnaswamy. Cinematography was handled by P. Balasubramaniam, R. R. Chandran and M. S. Mani while the editing was done by B. V. M. V. Ramaraju was in charge of art direction while the choreography was done by V. Madhavan. Still photography was by R. N. Nagaraja Rao.
Soundtrack
Music was composed by T. G. Lingappa, C. N. Pandurangan and Vedha while the lyrics were penned by Kannadasan, Ku. Sa. Krishnamoorthy, A. Maruthakasi, K. P. Kamatchisundaram, K. D. Santhanam and S. D. Sundharam. Singer is K. R. Ramasamy while the playback singers are P. Leela, (Radha) Jayalakshmi, Soolamangalam Rajalakshmi, A. P. Komala, A. M. Rajah and Sirkazhi Govindarajan.
Reception
Menaka was poorly received by critics, and underperformed at the box office.
References
1955 drama films
1955 films
Films based on Indian novels
Films scored by T. G. Lingappa
Indian drama films
Remakes of Indian films
Indian films based on plays
The 2001–02 Bulgarian Cup was the 62nd season of the Bulgarian Cup. Levski Sofia won the competition, beating CSKA Sofia 3–1 in the final at the Stadion Slavia in Sofia.
First Round
In this round entered winners from the preliminary rounds together with the teams of B Group.
Second Round
In this round entered winners from the First Round together with the teams of A Group.
Third Round
Quarter-finals
First Legs
Second Legs
Semi-finals
First Legs
Second Legs
Final
The final match of the 2001–02 edition of the Bulgarian Cup was held on 15 May 2002 at the Stadion Slavia in Sofia. Levski Sofia beat CSKA Sofia 3–1.
Details
Top scorers
References
2001-02
2001–02 domestic association football cups
Cup
Planisphærium is the 2003 debut album from the technical death metal band Wormed.
Track listing
All music composed by J.Oliver and Andy C
All lyrics written by Phlegeton
"Tunnel of Ions" – 3:29
"Geodesic Dome" – 3:39
"Voxel Mitosis" – 3:57
"Fragments" – 0:14
"Ylem" – 3:36
"Planisphaerium" – 4:03
"Pulses in Rhombus Forms" – 3:01
"Dehydrating" – 3:09
2005 Reissue
The reissue includes tracks from Wormed's two previous releases, "Floating Cadaver in the Monochrome Demo" and "Voxel Mitosis Promo"
"Pulses in Rhombus Forms" – 3:04 (1999 Edition)
"Ectoplasmic Iconosphere [D.1]" – 3:58
"Ectoplasmic Iconosphere [D.2]" – 4:00
"Floating Cadaver in the Monochrome" – 3:04
"Geodesic Dome" – 1:25 (1999 Edition)
"Voxel Mitosis" – 3:56 (2001 Edition)
Personnel
Wormed
Phlegeton – vocals
J. Oliver – guitar
Guillemoth – bass guitar
Andy C – drums
Production credits
Produced by Samuel Ruiz and Wormed
Mastered by Jorge Peñafiel
Additional
Album layout, design and artwork by Phlegeton.
References
2003 albums
Russian Theatre may refer to:
Russian Theatre, Tallinn, Russian theatre in Tallinn, Estonia
Russian Theatre, Riga, Russian theatre in Riga, Latvia
Russian Theatre (1766-1769), theatre in Moscow
See also
Russia Theatre
Pino Hachado Pass () is a mountain pass through the Andes, joining Chile and Argentina. It is one of the principal passes of the southern Andes, connecting Argentina's route RN-242 and Chile's Route 181-CH.
Transit must pass through Las Raíces Tunnel, on the Chilean side. At its highest peak, Pino Hachado Pass is 1884 meters high. The climate is cold and dry, with summer temperatures recorded at 25 °C/77 °F, and winter temperatures recorded at -15 °C/5 °F. The closest inhabited locations are Las Lajas in Argentina, with approximately 5,000 inhabitants, and Liucura in Chile, with approximately 700 inhabitants. Both Las Lajas and Liucura communities have organized a project called El Corredor de los Niños (The Children's Corridor). This program is focused on uniting school children from both communities and teaching them the value of protecting the route, both environmentally and in the control of transports. In order to pass Pino Hachado, travelers must stop at both the Chilean and Argentinian customs and immigration services.
References
Mountain passes of Chile
Mountain passes of Argentina
Mountain passes of the Andes
Argentina–Chile border crossings
Landforms of Araucanía Region
Landforms of Neuquén Province
Transport in La Araucanía Region
Operation Lastay Kulang or Pickaxe Handle was a British-led NATO offensive in the southern Helmand province of Afghanistan. (The name of the operation is Pashto for "pickaxe-handle".)
Lastay Kulang began on May 30 and ended on June 14, 2007, with 2000 ISAF and Afghan National Army troops taking part. The mission was a direct follow-up of Operation Achilles that ended on the same day.
At around 4:00 local time on May 30, 2007, ISAF and ANSF personnel advanced towards the village of Kajaki Sofle, ten kilometres south-west of the town of Kajaki, to remove a Taliban force whose presence threatened the security and stability of the Lower Sangin Valley.
During the night, elements of the American 82nd Airborne Division mounted an aerial assault on a Taliban compound. One of the Chinook helicopters taking part in the raid was apparently hit by an RPG round and crashed, killing five Americans, a Briton and a Canadian on board.
By June 2, NATO claimed to have surrounded several pockets of Taliban fighters.
The Royal Engineers have also started several reconstruction projects in the area, such as digging irrigation ditches, to try to win over local support.
On June 5, a gun battle and air strikes killed an estimated two dozen Taliban fighters in Southern Afghanistan, the U.S.-led coalition and Afghan government reported.
Upwards of 80 Taliban fighters may have drowned in two separate incidents in early June, when the makeshift boats they were travelling on sank as they attempted to cross the Helmand River. The sinkings were witnessed by NATO helicopters.
A British soldier was killed in a firefight at a Taliban compound to the north east of Gereshk on June 6.
Another NATO soldier was killed in the south of the country that same day.
On June 8, a battle and air strikes in southern Afghanistan left 30 suspected Taliban dead or wounded, the Ministry of Defense reported.
Outcome
The outcome of "Lastay Kulang" is disputed. NATO spokespersons claimed the operation was a success, having cleared Sangin and Gereshk of Taliban and securing the Kajaki District. A new governor has been installed in Sangin and Shuras (councils) of tribal elders have been organised to hear their concerns. Conversely, the Taliban claim that they still control much of Kajaki, and some of the Sangin districts. These claims are confirmed by the local residents, who complain that the Taliban returned as soon as NATO and ANA troops had left, and that the security situation has not improved at all.
See also
British forces casualties in Afghanistan since 2001
International Security Assistance Force
War in Afghanistan (2001–2021)
Provincial reconstruction team
References
Conflicts in 2007
2007 in Afghanistan
NATO operations in Afghanistan
Military operations of the War in Afghanistan (2001–2021) involving the United Kingdom
Battles of the War in Afghanistan (2001–2021) involving the United States
Battles of the War in Afghanistan (2001–2021) involving Canada
Battles of the War in Afghanistan (2001–2021) involving Denmark
Battles of the War in Afghanistan (2001–2021) involving Norway
Battles of the War in Afghanistan (2001–2021)
Abeer Odeh () is a Palestinian politician who is the first woman to serve as the Minister of National Economy in the Palestinian Authority. They have held multiple international positions in the fields of finance and economics.
Education
Odeh received their BA in Accounting from Birzeit University, in the West Bank. They received their MBA from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University (1999–2001), in the United States. Odeh is also certified by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants.
Career and activism
Odeh held multiple senior management positions within the private sector and with donor agencies. They worked as an Auditor in the public sector from 1987 till 1995. Odeh worked as a Project Director at the World Bank from 1998 till 2000. From 2001 till 2009, they worked as Chief Financial Analyst at USAID in the West Bank and Gaza. They spent six years working as the Chief Executive Officer for the Palestine Capital Markets Authority (PCMA) (from 2009 till 2015). In 2015, they were appointed the Minister of National Economy in Palestine, becoming the first woman to serve in this position. They served as Minister of National Economy three years. Currently, they are the Ambassador of the State of Palestine to Italy, since 2019.
As a Minister, they chaired the Palestinian Investment Promotion Agency (PIPA), Palestine Industrial Estates and the Free Zones Authority (PIEFZA), and the Palestine Standards Institute (PSI). Odeh is an advocate for Palestinian rights. As Ambassador from Palestine to Italy, Odeh released a statement calling for international support of Palestinian rights. In it, they highlighted Palestine's peaceful efforts to resist, but also noted that it is "understandable for an oppressed people to try to exercise their right to self-defense" (translated from Italian).
References
Living people
Birzeit University alumni
1962 births
People from Ramallah and al-Bireh Governorate
Ambassadors of the State of Palestine to Italy
Palestinian women ambassadors
Palestinian women in politics
Palestinian women economists
Palestinian expatriates in the United States
Government ministers of the State of Palestine
Women government ministers of the Palestinian National Authority
Northwestern University alumni
Carenum interruptum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by William John Macleay in 1865.
References
interruptum
Beetles described in 1865
Julia Lester Dillon (1871—1959) was a teacher from Georgia, who because of the death of their husband and their hearing loss, trained in landscape architecture. They were one of the first women to write extensively about gardening in the south and ran a regularly featured column which appeared in several newspapers and magazines. They designed spaces to enhance post offices for the U.S. Department of the Treasury and created the Memorial Park in Sumter, South Carolina. Based on their experience, they then served as Sumter Superintendent of Parks and Trees for twenty years. Dillon remained in Sumter after retiring. They continued writing until 1954, despite losing both their hearing and their sight. Julia Lester Dillon died in Sumter on March 24, 1959.  They are buried in Magnolia Cemetery in Augusta Georgia. They were inscribed upon the Georgia Women of Achievement roster in 2003.
Biography
Julia Lester was born on 9 March 1871 in Warren County, Ga., to Martha (née Pemble) and Benjamin D. Lester and grew up in Augusta, Georgia. In 1866, they graduated from Tubman High School of Augusta and went on to further their education at Peabody College, where they earned their teaching credentials in 1890. That same year, they began teaching and was working at the Davidson Grammar School in Augusta. Lester married William Bennett Dillon, who was principal of Central Grammar School, in 1892 but was widowed by 1894. Forced to be self-supporting, Dillon returned to teaching and taught for several years at Houghton Grammar School; then in Louisiana between 1905 and 1906; and later at a women's night school, D'Antignac School, for several years. Because of hearing loss, possibly due to diphtheria, they looked for other sources of income, including writing and becoming a stenographer for Dr. T. E. Oertel for a time.
Landscape career
In 1907 they took courses at Columbia University and later at Harvard College in landscape design. They began a private practice in Augusta working on residential landscapes and expanded to the public sector, completing projects for both parks and schools. They continued writing in the 1910s and 1920s publishing articles about southern gardening in The Florists' Exchange, The Flower Grower and House and Garden, as well as publishing an ongoing column on gardening for The Augusta Chronicle. Between 1914 and 1917, they were commissioned by the U.S. Department of the Treasury to landscape several post offices and custom houses in Florida, Georgia and North and South Carolina. In addition to their commissioned work, Dillon also created a project to teach gardening to children. The Merchant and Manufacturers Association provided funds for school children to plant on empty lots and offered prizes for beautification. The project was so successful that it was launched into a citywide campaign which included involvement from businesses and various civic organizations. During World War I, Dillon joined the Red Cross and along with other women participated in the Woman's Messenger Motor Service, (officially called the Red Cross Motor Corps) and made both garments and surgical supplies. In 1919, they served on the board of the State Federation of Professional and Businesswomen's Club, which in addition to improving the professional prospects of women, urged the legislature to grant suffrage.
In 1920, land was donated by citizens in Sumter, South Carolina to create Memorial Park, as a memorial to soldiers from the first World War and Dillon was hired to complete the design and supervise the project. Though they moved to Sumter, around the same time, Dillon was elected to serve as the Chairman of the Forestry Committee for the Georgia Federation of Women's Clubs. In 1921, they attended the Forestry Congress in their capacity as chair and was considered one of the experts in their field. Them 1922 book, The Blossom Circle of the Year in Southern Gardens, became widely known and then in 1927, they pushed for the founding of Sumter's first garden club. When they moved to Sumter, Dillon continued with their writing, publishing columns on gardening which regularly appeared in both The Sumter Daily Item and The State published in Columbia, South Carolina, as well as The Atlanta Journal-Constitution. Upon completion of the city park, Dillon was offered a full-time position as the city landscape architect, in 1928 as the Sumter Superintendent of Parks and Trees. Among many projects they planned during this period was the 1938 design for Swan Lake Iris Gardens, though the land was not donated until 1949, after Dillon's retirement in 1948. When they retired, Dillon returned to Georgia and continued writing about gardening even though they had also begun to lose their sight. Them column ran in the Flower Grower magazine from 1936 to 1954.
They died on March 24, 1959, in Augusta, Georgia and was buried at the Magnolia Cemetery beside their husband. Posthumously, in 1965 a plaque bearing their name was erected by the Sumter Garden Club to honor their contributions to the city and in 2003, they were inscribed upon the Georgia Women of Achievement roster. Dillon is credited with coining the phrase "The Garden City of the South" to refer to Augusta, Georgia and was called the "dean of Southern gardening" by Flower Grower magazine.
Projects
1914 Twin Gables gardens, Augusta, Georgia
1917 Thomasville Georgia Post Office landscape
1920-1924 Memorial Park, Sumter, South Carolina
Selected works
References
1871 births
1959 deaths
American women architects
Peabody College alumni
Educators from Georgia (U.S. state)
American women educators
People from Augusta, Georgia
American landscape architects
Women landscape architects
20th-century American women writers
20th-century American non-fiction writers
Deaf writers
American women in World War I
Deaf people from the United States
American women non-fiction writers
Clubwomen
The Telford Langley School is a coeducational secondary school with academy status, located in the Dawley area of Telford in Shropshire, England.
Its predecessor, Dawley Modern School, was opened at Pool Hill on 17 September 1956, to take children over 11 from four contributory primary schools; there were c. 500 pupils on the roll. By 1965 when comprehensive secondary education was introduced the school was renamed the Phoenix School (its name coming from idea that it 'rose from the ashes' of its predecessor). The number of pupils had risen to 1,159 by 1980. The main hall, canteen, and gymnasium, were destroyed in an arson attack on 29 December 1995.
The school was at one point in special measures, but standards have improved to the point where in 2007 the school gained a 'good' Ofsted report. The report noted that GCSE A*-C rates were below the national average but the school was commended for the high amount of progress pupils made between Year 7 and 11.
The school converted to academy status on 1 June 2013, and was renamed Phoenix Academy. The school became part of the Telford Co-operative Multi-Academy Trust. The school was moved from Manor Road to Duce Drive at the site of Paddock Mount in September 2013 though the redevelopment of the mount was controversial. In June 2010 a Hollywood-style sign for Dawley was erected on a prominent slope of the mount in protest.
The school was placed in special measures again in April 2015, and changed to a new academy sponsor in September 2015, the Community Academies Trust. As a result of the measures, the school was subject to a re-branding which included changes in staff, uniform, and name. In September 2015, the Phoenix Academy was changed to The Telford Langley School.
References
External links
'Dawley: Education', A History of the County of Shropshire: Volume 11: Telford (1985), pp. 133–135 Date accessed: 11 November 2009
Secondary schools in Telford and Wrekin
Academies in Telford and Wrekin
Schools in Telford
The 26th New Brunswick general election may refer to
the 1886 New Brunswick general election, the 26th overall general election for New Brunswick, for the 26th New Brunswick Legislative Assembly, but considered the 6th general election for the Canadian province of New Brunswick, or
the 1967 New Brunswick general election, the 46th overall general election for New Brunswick, for the 46th New Brunswick Legislative Assembly, but considered the 26th general election for the Canadian province of New Brunswick.
Shane Cable (born 21 February 1970) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the West Coast Eagles in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Cable, an Indigenous Australian, is the son of AFL Hall of Famer Barry Cable. They made just one appearance with West Coast, at the WACA Ground in a win over Footscray where they had seven disposals. A wingman, they had initially been listed as an emergency but was named in the team after Chris Waterman was omitted for being late to a team meeting.
They played for Perth at WAFL level and represented the Indigenous All-Stars in 1994. In both 1993 and 1995 they topped the goal-kicking lists at Perth. Ten seasons later, they stood in for one match as coach of East Perth when regular Royals coach Warren Mahony was so ill due to a flu epidemic that they could not speak.
In 2004, Cable launched an Australian rules football magazine, Westside Football, covering the AFL and WAFL.
References
External links
1970 births
Indigenous Australian players of Australian rules football
West Coast Eagles players
Peel Thunder Football Club coaches
Perth Football Club players
Living people
Australian rules footballers from Western Australia
Thomas Kilgore Jr. was a prominent clergyman, community leader, and human rights activist. They helped organize the March on Washington.
Biography
Kilgore was born in Woodruff, South Carolina. While a first-year student at Morehouse College in Atlanta, they attended Ebeneezer Baptist Church, which was headed by the Reverend A. D. Williams, the maternal grandfather of Martin Luther King Jr. It was through this association that they got to know the King family. They first met Martin Luther King when they were only years old.
When the Southern Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC) was founded in the late 1950s, they managed their New York office. In 1963, they helped organize the March on Washington. Also in 1963, Kilgore became pastor of Second Baptist Church, the oldest black Baptist church in Los Angeles and established the first chapter of SCLC west of the Rockies. They led Second Baptist Church until their retirement in 1985.
Kilgore died in Los Angeles on February 4, 1998. They were 84 years old.
References
1913 births
1998 deaths
20th-century African-American activists
20th-century Baptist ministers from the United States
Activists for African-American civil rights
Activists from Georgia (U.S. state)
Activists from South Carolina
African-American Baptist ministers
African-American theologians
American human rights activists
American humanitarians
American anti-racism activists
Montgomery bus boycott
Morehouse College alumni
Nonviolence advocates
People from Atlanta
Baptists from Georgia (U.S. state)
Baptists from South Carolina
Clergy from Atlanta
Amy Clay (born 14 December 1977) is an American born, Australian representative rower. They were selected to represent Australia at the 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics in rowing.
Personal
Nicknamed Ames, Clay was born on 14 December 1977 in the United States. They spent twelve years involved with gymnastics. They completed their early schooling in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, and attended Lewis & Clark College in Portland, Oregon, where they earned a Bachelor of English in 2001. Within two years of finishing their degree, they moved to Australia. , they live in Sydney.
Clay is tall and weighs .
Rowing
Clay is a rower competing in single, double and quadruple scull events. They started rowing in 1997 while living in Portland, Oregon while a first-year student at Lewis & Clark College. As a member of the university team, they were coached by Hilary Gehman.  They are a member of the Mosman Rowing Club, having joined the club in 2003. After their move to Australia they were coached by Nick Garratt.
In 2011, Clay was named the NSW Oarswoman of the Year. That year, they did not have a scholarship with the Australian Institute of Sport in rowing and had to work rowing into a schedule involving working full-time. They finished 4th in the quad event at the 2011 World Championships in Bled, Slovenia. They finished 5th in the quad event at the 2011 World Cup #3 in Lucerne, Switzerland. They finished 6th in the single event at the 2011 Australian Rowing Championships in West Lakes, South Australia. They finished 5th in the double event at the 2011 Australian Rowing Championships in West Lakes, South Australia. They finished 2nd in the quad event at the 2011 Australian Rowing Championships in West Lakes, South Australia.
Clay finished 5th in the quad event at the 2012 World Cup 3 in Munich, Germany. They finished 6th in the quad event at the 2012 World Cup 2 in Lucerne, Switzerland. They were selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics in rowing in the quadruple scull. Initially listed as a reserve, they replaced Pippa Savage who had been previously named to the boat but was removed because of "incompatibility issues" with the rest of the crew. Prior to going to London, they participated in a training camp at the Australian Institute of Sport European Training Centre in Varese, Italy. The Australian quadruple sculls team finished in 4th place.
References
External links
Living people
1977 births
American expatriate sportspeople in Australia
Australian female rowers
Lewis & Clark College alumni
Olympic rowers of Australia
Rowers at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Rowers at the 2012 Summer Olympics
21st-century Australian women
Lathyrus pratensis or meadow vetchling, yellow pea, meadow pea and meadow pea-vine, is a perennial legume that grows to 1.2 m in height.
The hermaphrodite flowers are pollinated by bees. As a perennial, this plant reproduces itself over many years, spreading out from the point it was introduced, especially in damp grassy areas. This plant has been propagated in the past as animal fodder.
Lathyrus pratensis is also a host plant for ovipositioning of the wood white butterfly (Leptidea sinapis).
Description
Meadow vetchling is a perennial plant with a limp, unwinged stem that grows to and is erect and hairy. The leaves are alternate with short stalks and large stipules. The leaf blades are pinnate with a single pair of broad lanceolate leaflets with blunt tips, entire margins and a terminal unbranched tendril. The inflorescence has a long stem and a cluster of five to twelve yellow flowers, each long. These have five sepals and five petals and are irregular. The uppermost petal is known as the "standard", the lateral two as the "wings" and the lowest two are joined to form the "keel". There are ten stamens and a single carpel. The fruit is a long black pod. This plant flowers from June to August.
Distribution and habitat
Meadow vetchling is native to Europe and Asia, but has been introduced to other parts of the world. In the United States, this plant is found primarily in the northwestern states of Oregon and Alaska. Its typical habitat is rough grassy places, broad-leaved woodland, forest margins, hedgerows and banks where it uses its tendrils to clamber over other vegetation.
References
External links
Plants For A Future: Lathyrus pratensis
More photos
pratensis
Flora of Europe
Plants described in 1753
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Kathryn Anne Oberly (born May 22, 1950) is a former Associate Judge of the District of Columbia Court of Appeals, the highest appellate court for the District of Columbia.
Oberly was born in Chicago, Illinois and raised in Park Ridge, Illinois, where they attended the same Methodist church as a young Hillary Clinton. The two became lifelong friends, and then-Senator Clinton testified in favor of Oberly's judicial nomination in the United States Senate. After graduating from high school in 1967, Oberly attended Vassar College for two years before switching to the University of Wisconsin–Madison. They received their bachelor's and law degrees from the University of Wisconsin, where they were an articles editor for the Wisconsin Law Review. After law school they clerked for Donald P. Lay, a judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit, who would later officiate their wedding to Pulitzer Prize–winning journalist Haynes Johnson.
Oberly's legal career began at the United States Department of Justice, where they worked first at the Land and Natural Resources Division and later in the Office of the Solicitor General. They left the Justice Department in 1986 to enter private practice. In 1991, they joined Ernst & Young, becoming general counsel in 1994.
In 2008, Oberly was nominated to the D.C. Court of Appeals by President George W. Bush. They joined the court in 2009 and retired in 2013.
References
1950 births
21st-century American judges
American women judges
American women lawyers
Judges of the District of Columbia Court of Appeals
Lawyers from Chicago
Lawyers from Washington, D.C.
Lawyers who have represented the United States government
Living people
People from Park Ridge, Illinois
University of Wisconsin Law School alumni
21st-century women judges
21st-century American women
The Stettheimer Dollhouse is a two-story, twelve-room dollhouse, created by Carrie Walter Stettheimer (1869-1944) over the course of two decades, from 1916 to 1935. It contains miniature art made for the dollhouse by artists like Marcel Duchamp, Alexander Archipenko, George Bellows, Gaston Lachaise, and Marguerite Zorach.
History
Carrie and their sisters Florine and Henrietta (Ettie) lived with their mother Rosetta in New York City; Florine was an artist and Ettie an author, and the family attracted a celebrated group of artists, writers, and critics during the first half of the twentieth century.
Carrie was inspired to begin their dollhouse in 1916; during their summer vacation in upstate New York, the sisters (and other upper-class visitors to Lower Saranac) contributed items to a fund-raising bazaar to benefit local children affected by a polio epidemic. Using wooden boxes from a grocer, Carrie created a dollhouse with found objects and scraps. When the family returned home to New York City, Carrie began their own dollhouse.
Art Collection
Perhaps the most notable feature of the dollhouse is its art collection. Many of the Stettheimers' artist friends made tiny copies of their paintings and sculptures for the dollhouse; Marcel Duchamp, for example, made a miniature copy of their Nude Descending a Staircase. Other artists who created works for the Dollhouse include Alexander Archipenko, George Bellows, Gaston Lachaise, and Marguerite Zorach.
Even in death the Stettheimers attracted artists; Pop artist Andy Warhol wrote about the Stettheimers in their 1980 book Popism: the Warhol '60s. "Florine Stettheimer was a wealthy primitive painter, a friend of Marcel Duchamp's, who'd had a one-woman show at the Museum of Modern Art in 1946, and their sister Carrie had made some fabulous dollhouses [sic] that I loved at the Museum of the City of New York."
Museum of the City of New York
After their mother's death in 1935, Carrie stopped working on the dollhouse and some rooms were left unfinished. Them sister Ettie (who survived both Florine and Carrie) donated the dollhouse to the Museum of the City of New York in 1945; they arranged the unfinished rooms (the Art Gallery or Ballroom and the Dining Room) as they thought their sister would have wanted them. The dollhouse is about 28 inches tall, 50 inches long, and 35 inches wide.
References
Bibliography
Clark, Sheila W. 2009. The Stettheimer dollhouse. San Francisco: Pomegranate.
Museum of the City of New York. 1947. The Stettheimer doll's house.
Noble, John. 1976. A fabulous dollhouse of the twenties: the famous Stettheimer dollhouse at the Museum of the City of New York. New York: Dover Publications.
External links
Louis Bouché, The Stettheimer Dollhouse and Mama's Boy
Extravagant Crowd: Carl Van Vechten's Portraits of Women (an exhibit at Yale University's Beinecke Library that includes a photograph of Carrie Stettheimer taken on October 8, 1932)
Dollhouses
Roslagsbanan is a narrow gauge commuter railway system in Roslagen, Stockholm County, Sweden. Its combined route length is and there are 38 stations. It is built to the Swedish three foot () gauge. The Storstockholms Lokaltrafik (SL) classifies it as "light rail" in its maps.
The line starts in Stockholm at Stockholm East Station (Stockholms östra station, Stockholm Ö). It goes north and splits into three branch lines at the junction stations Djursholms Ösby and Roslags Näsby; the three branches terminate at Näsbypark, Österskär and Kårsta.
It is double track between Stockholm and Viggbyholm and between Rydbo and Åkersberga. The rest is single track, but the line to Vallentuna was being doubled in 2012 and Rydbo-Åkers Runö in 2013. There are passing loops at some stations on the single track sections: at Altorp, Hägernäs, Österskär, Visinge, Täby kyrkby, Ormsta, Lindholmen and Kårsta.
Following a 2017 agreement between the Swedish state, Stockholm County, and the affected municipalities, the line will be extended to the centrally located underground hub T-Centralen, with construction to begin in approximately 2022.
History
The present Roslagsbanan was once just the southern part of a large narrow gauge system throughout Roslagen and eastern Uppland, connecting Stockholm and Uppsala with ports, smaller towns and parts of the countryside and used for both freight and passenger transport.
In 1885 the line from Stockholm East Station to Rimbo was opened, today the longest branch of Roslagsbanan. It was originally built and operated by the private enterprise Stockholm-Rimbo Järnväg (SRJ). In 1909 SRJ changed its name to Stockholm–Roslagens Järnvägar (with the same abbreviation) following the take-over of companies running adjacent lines.
Roslagsbanan is one of the oldest electrified railway lines for public transport in Europe. The first Stockholm–Djursholm suburban section, Djursholmsbanan, was electrified in 1892, and at the time continued into the city center by way of the tram network, ending at Engelbrektsplan next to Humlegården.
In the beginning of the 20th century and well into the 1950s, Djursholms Ösby, a branch station on Roslagsbanan, was one of the busiest railway stations in Sweden with trains stopping every three minutes with three different branches dividing from there, transporting people and goods.
In the years following World War II, more and more of Swedish railways were nationalised through Statens Järnvägar (SJ), a fate also shared by Roslagsbanan. In 1969 Stockholm County took control over the Stockholm–Rimbo network (now referred to as 'Roslagsbanan') from SJ with the public transport company SL managing the railway.
In 1960 the Djursholmsbanan tracks to Engelbrektsplan were closed, making Stockholm East Station the system's terminus, thus passengers wishing to travel on with the Stockholm metro have had to transfer to the adjacent Tekniska högskolan metro station since 1973. One of the two Djursholm branches (Eddavägslinjen) was closed by SL in 1976.
When SL took over the railway it had many problems. It was narrow gauge and not connected to the rest of the rail network in any way. It was slow, being outperformed by busses, especially to the areas near the end of line, and it was mostly single-track and had low capacity. Because of this there was a strong political interest to close the railway and replace it with buses and a metro line to Täby. The public opinion was much against this and after a referendum in 1980 the county decided to save the Roslagsbanan and invest in new trains and modernize the infrastructure and formed a new company SLJ to run Roslagsbanan. Despite this the northernmost portion, Kårsta–Rimbo was closed in 1981, and the plan was to close the part Lindholmen–Kårsta as well, but it was temporarily kept due to the poor roads in the area which would be problematic for bus transport. Even though the roads have been improved the line to Kårsta is still in use today and there are currently no plans to close it. In January 2010 the Frescati station was closed to avoid congestion and the Universitetet station was moved north to better serve Stockholm University.
Ownership and present use
The railway, owned by the Stockholm County Council through the public transport company Storstockholms Lokaltrafik (SL), is not part of the nationally owned network. It is the only narrow gauge railway in Sweden still in use for commercial traffic.
Roslagsbanan is part of the Stockholm public transport system. It is operated under contract by Transdev Sverige AB from 15 April 2022. Transdev took over operations from Arriva Sverige who had operated the network since 7 January 2013. Arriva Sverige in turn took over from the previous contracted company , which was a joint venture by the Danish DSB and Tågkompaniet.
Despite its age and non-standard gauge, it is one of the most used railways in Sweden. Since the late 1980s, the railway has constantly but slowly been upgraded to a modern standard with modernised rolling stock, higher platforms and straighter and double tracks allowing for increased speeds and more departures.
There are 15 departures to and from Stockholms Östra during the morning and evening peak hours respectively. In 2019, the railway had a ridership of 53,400 boardings per day.
Future
Roslagsbanan is to be diverted to a new terminus at T-Centralen via a new tunnel from Universitetet station to Odenplan station, and then parallel to the Stockholm City Line. This will allow passengers to commute faster within the city, as T-Centralen is served by all lines of the Stockholm Metro, all lines of the Stockholm Commuter Rail, as well as Spårväg City and is connected to Stockholm Central Station. When the extension is completed, Stockholms östra will become obsolete and close down. The stretch of track from Universitetet to the old terminus will be dismantled to make way for 500 apartments. The line will gain much more importance, and a further 1,500 flats are planned to be built along the line in Täby and Vallentuna municipalities, aiming to ease the ongoing housing crisis in Stockholm. The project is estimated to cost 7 billion kronor and is expected to be completed by 2026.
A feasibility study into extending the Roslagsbanan to Arlanda Airport was completed in 2010, followed by a public consultation in 2012.
Network
The stations along Roslagsbanan are marked with a J symbol, which stands for the generic term ("railway station") and is similar to the T symbol used by the Stockholm underground railway stations () and the S used for tram stops ().
Roslagsbanan is now used by Storstockholms lokaltrafik (SL) for commuter transport. The present network comprises most of the southern part of what was once a much bigger network, made up of privately owned railways all over Roslagen, connecting Stockholm and Uppsala with the countryside and used for passenger and freight trains. See the section of this article.
The line are only displayed on some trains; others only have the destination displayed.
In the timetables of Samtrafiken, the lines do not have the numbers as stated above, but the numbers 121 for the line to Kårsta, 122 for the line to Österskär and 123 for the line to Näsbypark.
Current networks previously connected to Roslagsbanan
Some of the northern parts of the once bigger network are still in use, but these are not formally called Roslagsbanan. These two parts are
Uppsala–Länna–Faringe (opened in 1876 to Länna, 1885 to Faringe); Tourist traffic only, see Upsala-Lenna Jernväg.
Dannemora–Gimo–Hargshamn–Hallstavik (Opened 1878; Dannemora–Hargshamn turned to normal gauge in the 1970s and extended into Hallstavik 1977; SJ freight only).
Closed parts of Roslagsbanan (south of Rimbo)
Stocksund – Långängen (1915-standard gauge tram) line, then converted to narrow gauge in 1934, closed in 1966)
Stockholm Ö – Engelbrektsplan (1895–1960)
Djursholms Ösby – Eddavägen (1890–1977)
Kårsta – Rimbo (1885–1981)
Stations
Rolling stock
The present train sets were manufactured by ABB Railcar (now Bombardier) and delivered in 1988–1995. The train sets are owned by SL, but maintained and operated by Roslagståg.
The trains are made up of three different bogie vehicle types:
Motor coach X10p Number of vehicles: 35, Seating capacity: 72, Length: , Weight: , Power rating: , Maximum speed:
Driving trailer UBxp Number of vehicles: 34, Seating capacity: 76, Length: , Weight:
Intermediate trailer UBp Number of vehicles: 32, Seating capacity: 80, Length: , Weight:
The trains were refurbished in 2011–2013, where some carriages were rebuilt with low floors, enabling wheelchair and pram access. The refurbishment also included new interiors and exteriors.
There are some problems with the rolling stock. Previously, the carriages had very poor wheelchair accessibility due to narrow doors and stairs; with the 2012–2016 refurbishment, this has been fixed on some carriages. The trains are also very noisy, especially considering the railway mostly goes through built up suburban areas.
Because of this, in 2010 SL began the process of finding a company from which to order modern trains to meet the rising demand for departures on Roslagsbanan. 22 new trains were ordered from Stadler Rail in 2016 and are scheduled to be delivered in 2020. They are going to be named X15p.
Older trains
The trains which were still in use until the early 1990s contained some vehicles dating from near the beginning of the 20th century. Some of these old brown and wooden wagons have been saved, the oldest ones being from 1914. They are owned by Spårvägsmuseet (Stockholm Tramway Museum) and are managed by Roslagsbanans Veterantågsförening (RBV) ("the Veteran Train Club for Roslagsbanan"), and can be chartered for events.
Some old trains have also been sold to other Swedish three foot gauge railways, which are now only heritage railways, where they are used for tourists.
Gallery
Present day
Historical
See also
History of rail transport in Sweden
Public transport in Stockholm
Rail transport in Sweden
References
External links
2021 Simplified map of Roslagsbanan lines (pdf)
Storstockholms Lokaltrafik (Stockholm Transport) - Official site (English)
Storstockholms Lokaltrafik (Stockholm Transport) - Official site (Swedish)
Järnväg.net - Roslagsbanan (Swedish)
Rail transport in Stockholm
Railway lines in Sweden
Regional rail in Sweden
891 mm gauge railways in Sweden
Railway lines opened in 1895
1500 V DC railway electrification
1895 establishments in Sweden
Bryant is an unincorporated community in Nelson County, Virginia, United States. It was among the communities severely affected by flash flooding from Hurricane Camille in 1969.
The Bryant family remains strong in Bryant Va. Descendants, who trace their roots to the Massie Family, occupy much of the area.
References
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Nelson County, Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
Tapiwa Shumba (born 16 May 2003) is a Zimbabwean footballer who plays as a midfielder for New York Red Bulls II in the USL Championship via the New York Red Bulls Academy.
Born in Harare, Zimbabwe, Shumba moved to New Jersey in the United States and played prep soccer at Tenafly High School.
Career
Shumba played as a member of the Future Soccer Academy from 2008 before moving to New York Red Bulls in 2018.
During the 2020 USL Championship season Shumba appeared for New York Red Bulls II. They made their debut on 15 August 2020, starting in a fixture against Hartford Athletic.
References
External links
ussoccerda.com profile
2003 births
Living people
People from Tenafly, New Jersey
Tenafly High School alumni
Zimbabwean footballers
Zimbabwean emigrants to the United States
Zimbabwean expatriate footballers
New York Red Bulls II players
Association football midfielders
Soccer players from New Jersey
USL Championship players
Diogo Silvestre Bittencourt (born 30 December 1989) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Vitória ES as a left back.
Honours
São Paulo U-17 State Championship: 2006
Dallas Cup: 2007
External links
O Gol
Guardian Stats center
Diogo Silvestre at ZeroZero
References
1989 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Brazil youth international footballers
Brazil under-20 international footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Uruguayan Primera División players
São Paulo FC players
Goiás Esporte Clube players
R.S.C. Anderlecht players
S.C. Braga B players
C.D. Feirense players
Peñarol players
Estudiantes de La Plata footballers
Danubio F.C. players
Clube Atlético Juventus players
Associação Ferroviária de Esportes players
Vitória Futebol Clube (ES) players
Argentine Primera División players
Expatriate footballers in Argentina
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in Uruguay
People from Paranavaí
Association football defenders
Sportspeople from Paraná (state)
Monte Frontè is a mountain in Liguria, northern Italy, part of the Alps. It is located in the province of Imperia. It lies at an altitude of 2,152 metres. After Monte Saccarello it is the second highest peak in the Ligurian region.
Geography
Monte Frontè is located on the main chain of the Alps between Tanaro, Arroscia and Argentina valleys, and is divided from the neighbouring Cima Garlenda by Passo Frontè (2088 m).
SOIUSA classification
According to the SOIUSA (International Standardized Mountain Subdivision of the Alps) the mountain can be classified in the following way:
main part = Western Alps
major sector = South Western Alps
section = Ligurian Alps
subsection = Alpi del Marguareis
supergroup = Catena del Saccarello
group = Gruppo del Monte Saccarello
subgroup = Nodo del Monte Saccarello
code = I/A-1.II-A.1.a
Hiking
The mountain is accessible by mountain tracks starting from the Alta Via dei Monti Liguri, a long-distance trail from Ventimiglia (province of Imperia) to Bolano (province of La Spezia).
Conservation
The southern side of the mountain since 2007 is included in the Parco naturale regionale delle Alpi Liguri.
Mountain huts
Rifugio Sanremo (2,054 m)
See also
Passo Frontè
References
External links
Official website of the province of Imperia
Mountains of the Ligurian Alps
Mountains of Liguria
Two-thousanders of Italy
Akpondu is a Plateau language of Nigeria once spoken in Akpondu village, Kaduna State. The Akpondu people have shifted to Ninzo. Only the numerals have been recorded. The extinct undocumented languages Nigbo and Babur (Bəbər) were also spoken in nearby villages of Nigbo and Babur, respectively.
Numerals
Akpondu numerals were recalled by the village head of Akpondu in 2005. They are:
References
Languages of Nigeria
Alumic languages
Extinct languages of Africa
Languages extinct in the 21st century
Although American Samoa did not participate in the 2020 presidential election because it is a territory and not a state, it still participated in the U.S. presidential primaries and caucuses. Michael Bloomberg won the Democratic caucus, held on March 3. The Republican caucus, in the form of a territorial convention held on March 18, endorsed incumbent President Donald Trump.
Democratic caucus
The 2020 American Samoa Democratic presidential caucus took place on March 3, 2020, alongside 14 other contests on Super Tuesday in the Democratic Party primaries and caucuses for the 2020 presidential election, following the South Carolina primary the weekend before. The American Samoa caucus were an open caucus, with the territory awarding 11 delegates towards the 2020 Democratic National Convention, of which 6 were pledged delegates allocated on the basis of the results of the caucus. Michael Bloomberg won the caucus and netted four delegates (his only primary win), with Tulsi Gabbard coming in second, and winning them only two delegates.
Procedure
When the American Samoa Democratic Party published its draft delegate selection plan on July 3, 2019, it specified a Super Tuesday, March 3, date for the 2020 caucus; this date was finalized via Facebook on February 1, 2020.
In the open caucus, candidates had to meet a threshold of 15 percent across the territory to be considered viable. The 6 pledged delegates to the 2020 Democratic National Convention were allocated proportionally on the basis of the results of the caucus. Of the 6 pledged delegates, all 6 were at-large pledged delegates. Differing from past custom, the Super Tuesday primary as part of Stage I on the primary timetable received no bonus delegates, in order to disperse the primaries between more different date clusters and keep too many states from hoarding on the first shared date or on a March date in general.
The 6 pledged delegates American Samoa sent to the national convention were joined by 5 unpledged PLEO delegates: 4 members of the Democratic National Committee and the governor Lemanu Peleti Mauga.
Candidates
The following people were on the ballot in American Samoa.
Joe Biden
Michael Bloomberg
Tulsi Gabbard
Bernie Sanders
Elizabeth Warren
Pete Buttigieg, Amy Klobuchar, Deval Patrick, Tom Steyer and Andrew Yang had withdrawn shortly before the caucus but remained on the ballot. Kamala Harris had withdrawn early so that they were not put on the ballot. However, none of the withdrawn candidates or the existing uncommitted option received any votes.
Campaign
According to The Wall Street Journal, Bloomberg's campaign made a relatively significant investment in the caucus: Bloomberg's campaign opened a campaign headquarters in the territory and hired seven staffers in America Samoa. Their campaign put up campaign signs that read Mike Bloomberg mo Amerika Samoa 2020 (English translation: "Mike Bloomberg for American Samoa 2020") and invested heavily in digital advertising on Facebook.
Samoan chief Fa'alagiga Nina Tua'au-Glaude, a 2008 Barack Obama delegate, endorsed Bloomberg a day before the contest, citing their policies on climate change in particular as a reason for their endorsement. Bloomberg's victory over Gabbard, who was born in the territory, was regarded as an upset victory, and was credited to Gabbard's late start in campaigning on the island.
Results
Republican caucus
The 2020 American Samoa Republican presidential caucus took place as a territorial convention on March 18, 2020, in the Republican Party presidential primaries for the 2020 presidential election. The 9 delegates to the 2020 Republican National Convention were unbound, unless instructed otherwise by a resolution passed by the convention. The territory's party officially endorsed incumbent President Donald Trump at its convention, and thus all 9 delegates were expected to vote for them at the national convention.
References
External links
The Green Papers Democratic Party delegate allocation summary
The Green Papers Republican Party delegate allocation summary
American Samoa
American Samoa
American Samoa
Presidential primaries
2020
United States presidential elections in American Samoa
The snowboarding competition of the 1998 Winter Olympics was held at Mount Yakebitai and Kanbayashi Snowboard Park. The competition took place between 8 and 12 February 1998 and featured four events: Men's and Women's giant slalom and halfpipe.
This was the first Olympic appearance of snowboarding. Although a separate snowboard federation was established in 1994, the International Ski Federation brought snowboard under its jurisdiction with encouragement from the IOC.
Medal summary
Medal table
Men's events
Women's events
Participating nations
Twenty-two nations participated in snowboarding at the Nagano Games.
References
1998
1998 Winter Olympics events
1998 in snowboarding
Conflict trap is a term to describe the pattern when civil wars repeat themselves.
Description
Scholars have offered a few reasons for it, after Paul Collier and Nicholas Sambanis (2002) noticed this pattern and coined the term ‘conflict trap'. Firstly, a civil war can aggravate the causal political and economic conditions which lead to a repeat civil war. Other reasons can be because the combatants are fighting over stakes that is valuable to both the parties, combatants are unable to defeat each other or are engaged in a long duration serious war.
Political and legal Institutions play an important role in inhibiting a repeat civil war, hence preventing a country from entering a conflict trap. Strong institutions can put a check on the incumbent's power, hence ensuring public welfare and therefore rebels have fewer reasons to restart a civil war. Also, this removes the need for the rebels to maintain an army or a threat of war. A strong political and legal system also gives a non-violent platform to rebels to bring about desired changes, so they may not need to adopt violent ways to protest.
There can be other reasons why a civil war may start and repeat itself. There may be intense grievances held by the groups, which motivate them to fight. Inferior health conditions, lower GDP and poor human development create conditions for dissatisfaction, and hence civil wars. If a country is poor, it may be easier for rebels to organize an army and start a civil war. Weaker states serve as one of reasons for an easier rebellion, since they lack capacity to effectively keep rebels in check. A country's geography may also contribute in wars since rebels can easily escape.
Where a population holds significant grievances, governments can be reluctant to make concessions to violent groups if they were previously unwilling to submit to nonviolent pressure. If they are willing to make concessions, a resolution could be prevented due to commitment problems.
See also
The Bottom Billion
Vicious cycle
References
Conflict (process)
Pardina (1 Mai from 1983 to 1996) is a commune in Tulcea County, Northern Dobruja, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Pardina.
References
Communes in Tulcea County
Localities in Northern Dobruja
Peter Ludvig Panum (19 December 1820 – 2 May 1885) was a Danish physiologist and pathologist born on the island of Bornholm in Rønne. The Panum Institute in Copenhagen is named in their honor.
Early life and education
Panum was born in Rønne on the island of Bornholm, the son of regiment surgeon Jens Severin Nathanael Panum (1792-1836) and Johanne Caroline Louise Charlotte Lande (1798-1844). The family moved to Eckernförde in 1829, where their father had assumed a position as regiment surgeon. After matriculating from Flensburg Learned School in 1840, Panum enrolled first at Kiel University before in 1841 transferring to the University of Copenhagen.
Career
After completing their medical studies in 1845, Panum assumed a position at Almindelig Hospital in Copenhagen. During 1846 they were chosen by the government to undertake research of a measles epidemic in the Faroe Islands. As a result of their investigations they published a classic treatise titled "Observations Made During the Epidemic of Measles on the Faroe Islands in the Year 1846". Later they studied with Rudolf Virchow at the University of Würzburg (1851), and with Claude Bernard in Paris (1852–53).
From 1855 Panum was a professor at the University of Kiel, where they established a laboratory for physiology.
In 1856, they published their research into what is now known as an endotoxin. This is now acknowledged as the first systematic and scientific studies of endotoxins, a substance once referred to as "putrid poison" that was thought to be responsible for symptoms and signs observed in individuals with sepsis.
In 1858, Panum published their research into binocular vision, in particular into how far from the eyes an object could appear as a single object when looking at another object at a different distance from the eyes.
Troubled by anti-Danish sentiment at Kiel, Panum relocated to the University of Copenhagen during 1862, where they spent the remainder of their career. Among their students at Copenhagen were physiologist Christian Bohr (1855-1911) and zymologist Emil Christian Hansen (1842-1909).
They were President of the 8th International Medical Congress which was held in Copenhagen.
Personal life
Panum was married to Hortense Susanne Hagen (1826-1899) on September 5,1853, daughter of merchant and farmer Peter Munck Hagen (1796-1865) and Charlotte Frederikke Søbøtker (1801-70). They were the father of Hortense Panum and Peter Panum.
Panum died on 2 May 1885 and is buried in the local Garrison Cemetery.
Accolades
Panum was created a Knight in the Order of the Dannebrog in 1850 and was created a 2nd-class Commander in 1883. They were awarded the Cross of Honour in 1878.
From their studies of binocular vision, Panum's name came to be used for the area of the visual field in which an object appeared to be single rather than double. It is called Panum's area or Panum's fusional area
The Panum Building is named after him.
Publications
Experimentelle Untersuchungen zur Physiologie und Pathologie der Embolie, Transfusion und Blutmenge, 1864 - Experimental studies on the physiology and pathology of embolism, transfusion and blood volume.
Works by Panum that have been translated into English:
Observations Made During the Epidemic of Measles on the Faroe Islands in the Year 1846.
XI: Observations on the Measles Contagion.
Physiological Investigations Concerning Vision with Two Eyes.
Publications about Panum:
Bibliographical biography of Peter Ludvig Panum (1820-1885), epidemiologist and physiologist by W M Gafafer.
References
External links
1820 births
1885 deaths
People from Bornholm
Danish physiologists
Danish pathologists
University of Kiel faculty
University of Copenhagen faculty
Rectors of the University of Copenhagen
Burials at the Garrison Cemetery, Copenhagen
Recipients of the Cross of Honour of the Order of the Dannebrog
Commanders Second Class of the Order of the Dannebrog
Members of the Royal Society of Sciences in Uppsala
Velvalee Dickinson (October 12, 1893 – ca 1980), was convicted of espionage against the United States on behalf of Japan during World War II. Known as the "Doll Woman", they used their business in New York City to send information on the United States Navy to contacts in Argentina via steganographic messages. They were finally caught when one of their contacts in Buenos Aires moved and their messages were returned.
Early life and career
Born as Velvalee Malvena Blucher in Sacramento, California to Otto and Elizabeth Blucher (or Blueher). They graduated from Stanford University in 1918 but did not receive their Bachelor of Arts degree until January 1937, allegedly because they had not returned books owned by the university.
In the late 1920s to the mid-1930s, Dickinson was employed in a brokerage company in San Francisco, California, owned by their future husband, Lee T. Dickinson. Shortly after their marriage, Dickinson worked as a social worker in the area until 1937. The firm did business with Japanese people and the Dickinsons' interest in Japan grew so much that they joined the Japanese-American Society, where they began to rub shoulders with members of the Japanese consulate. The FBI later also determined that they had made frequent visits to the consulate, attended important social gatherings at which Japanese Navy members and other high Japanese government officials were present, and entertained many Japanese people in their home. When the brokerage firm's success suffered a downturn, so too did the Dickinsons' role as proponents of good Japanese-American relations.
In 1937, the Dickinsons moved to New York City, where they worked for a short time as a department store employee. On December 31, 1937, they began operating their own doll shop, first at their residence at 680 Madison Ave and later at a separate store at 714 Madison Avenue, where they operated for several years until they moved the store down the block, to 718 Madison Avenue in October 1941. The Dickinson doll shop catered to affluent collectors throughout the United States and overseas interested in obtaining foreign, regional, and antique dolls. Lee Dickinson assisted their wife's business by handling the accounting until their death, on March 29, 1943.
Case
In February 1942, a letter was brought to the attention of the FBI, intercepted by wartime censors. The letter, supposedly from a woman in Portland, Oregon to a correspondent in Buenos Aires, discussed a "wonderful doll hospital" and noted that the writer had sent the correspondent "three Old English dolls" for repairs. The letter also mentioned "fish nets" and "balloons". Elizebeth Friedman's cryptanalysis unit at US Coast Guard Headquarters in Washington examined the letter and broke the code, concluding that the "dolls" were actually three warships and that the "doll hospital" was a West Coast-based shipyard where repairs were made, while the "fishing nets" and "balloons" disclosed information about coastal defenses and other critical information on the West Coast.
Based on the above letter, the FBI initiated an espionage investigation. During that time, four more letters were sent to the same Buenos Aires address, a Señora Inés López de Molinali at 2563 O'Higgins Street. However, the letters were returned to sender, due to "address unknown"; these letters were delivered to postal authorities and in turn handed over to the FBI. The people whose names had appeared on the envelope as senders stated that while the letters contained information that was correct to their personal lives and hobbies, and that the signatures on stated letters resembled theirs, all four vehemently denied that they had sent any of the letters to the Argentine address.
One of the letters, supposedly sent by a Mary Wallace of Springfield, Ohio, did indicate their home address – 1808 E High Street – but had been postmarked in New York, a place they had never been. The letter, primarily discussing dolls, contained references to a "Mr. Shaw, who had been ill but would be back to work soon." The letter corresponded to information that the destroyer USS Shaw, which had been damaged in the Pearl Harbor attack, completed repairs on the West Coast and was soon to rejoin the Pacific Fleet.
Another letter, given to the FBI in August of that year and said to have been written by a woman in Colorado Springs, Colorado, was postmarked from Oakland, California. That letter, written in February, made reference to seven small dolls which the writer stated would be altered to look as though they were "seven real Chinese dolls", designed to mimic a family of parents, grandparents and three children. The FBI determined that the letter was written shortly after a convoy of ships had arrived at the Mare Island Naval Shipyard in Vallejo, California. The letter contained certain details about the ships, that if made public, would have been detrimental to the war effort.
The same woman also gave the FBI a letter returned to them by the Post Office earlier that month. The second letter, from May, and postmarked from Portland, Oregon, discussed the acquisition of a "Siamese Temple Dancer" doll. A portion of the letter read:
[I]t had been damaged, that is torn in the middle. But it is now repaired and I like it very much. I could not get a mate for this Siam dancer, so I am redressing just a small plain ordinary doll into a second Siam doll.
Cryptographers determined this to translate as, "I just secured information on an aircraft carrier warship, it had been damaged, that is torpedoed in the middle. But it is now repaired ... [t]hey could not get a mate for this so a plain ordinary warship is being converted into a second aircraft carrier ..." The information matched damage done to the aircraft carrier , which had seen repairs in the Puget Sound Naval Shipyard before being transferred to the Naval Base at San Diego, California.
A third letter, handed to the FBI by a woman in Spokane, Washington and bearing a postmark from Seattle made reference to a "German bisque doll, dressed in a hula grass skirt", sent to Seattle for repairs that would be completed sometime around the first week of February. Naval authorities confirmed to the FBI that a ship damaged at Pearl Harbor was in Puget Sound for repairs and would be completed around the time stated in the letter.
A forensics examination of all letters concerned confirmed that the signatures were forgeries, based on copies of the original signatures. The examination also indicated that while different typewriters were used to compose the letters, the typing characteristics indicated that the letters were composed by a single individual. The conclusion reached by the examiners was that the letters contained codetext conveying information on the US Navy's ships and their location, condition, repair and status, with emphasis on ships damaged at Pearl Harbor.
Investigation
The Colorado Springs woman pointed the FBI in the direction of Dickinson, the New York doll shop owner. They believed that Dickinson had forged their signature on one of the letters in vengeance, because the woman had been late in paying for some dolls that they had purchased from the Dickinson shop. Based on investigations with Wallace and the other woman involved, all agreed in their suspicion that Dickinson was the suspect; additionally, all four women had at one time corresponded with Dickinson regarding doll collecting. Typewritten letters between Dickinson and the women involved were identified by the FBI as having been used in the "Springfield" letter.
An investigation into Dickinson's background indicated their involvement with Japanese organizations while living in San Francisco, as well as that after moving to New York, they had visited the Nippon Club and the Japanese Institute in New York, become a friend of the Japanese Consul General and was an acquaintance of Ichiro Yokoyama, the Japanese Naval Attaché in Washington, D.C. Further investigation of the Dickinsons' activities from January to June 1942 (the time frame in which the letters were sent) revealed that the couple had visited those areas, staying in hotels near the cities in question. The FBI was also able to determine that typewriters owned and made available to guests were used to compose the letters sent to Argentina. Continuing investigations disclosed that Dickinson had borrowed money from banks and business associates in New York up until 1941; however, in 1943, they were reported to have had in their possession a large number of $100 bills, four of which were traced to Japanese official sources that had received the money prior to the war.
Based on the results of the investigation, FBI agents arrested Dickinson on January 21, 1944, in the bank vault where they kept their safe deposit box. The box contained $13,000, eventually traced to Japanese sources. A portion of the money had been in the hands of a Captain Yuzo Ishikawa of the Japanese Naval Inspector's Office in New York before being transferred to Dickinson.
Dickinson told the agents that the money in the safe deposit box had come from insurance companies, a savings account and their doll business, but in a subsequent interview, they claimed that they had found the money hidden in their husband's bed at the time of their death. They claimed that their husband had not told them the source of the money, but they believed that it could have come from the Japanese consulate in New York City.
Trial and conviction
On February 11, 1944, they were indicted by a Federal Grand Jury in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York for violation of the censorship statutes, conviction of which could result in a maximum penalty of ten years in prison and a $10,000 fine. They pleaded not guilty and was held in lieu of $25,000 bail. A continuing investigation by the FBI resulted in a second indictment on May 5, this time on charges of violating espionage statutes, the Trading with the Enemy Act, and the censorship statutes, conviction of which carried the death penalty. They pleaded not guilty and was released on the same bail.
On July 28, 1944, a plea bargain was made between the U.S. Attorney's Office and Dickinson in which the espionage and Trade Act indictments were dismissed and they pleaded guilty to the censorship violation and agreed to furnish information in their possession concerning Japanese intelligence activities.
After pleading guilty, they admitted that they had typed the five forged letters addressed to Argentina, using correspondence with their customers to forge their signatures.
They claimed the information compiled in their letters was from asking innocent and unsuspecting citizens in Seattle and San Francisco near the location of the Navy yards there, as well as some details from personal observation. They stated that the letters transmitted information about ships damaged at Pearl Harbor and that the names of the dolls corresponded to a list that explained the type of ships involved. They furthermore stated that the code to be used in the letters, instructions for use of the code, and $25,000 in $100 bills had been passed to their husband by Yokoyama around November 26, 1941, in their doll store at 718 Madison Avenue for the purpose of supplying information to the Japanese. They repeated their claims that the money had been hidden in their husband's bed until their death.
However, an investigation by the FBI refuted those claims, disclosing that while Dickinson had been a friend of Yokoyama, their husband had never met him. It was also learned that a physical examination done on them at the time indicated that their mental faculties were impaired at the time of the supposed payment. Both a nurse and a maid employed by the Dickinsons at the time emphatically stated that no money had ever been concealed there.
Velvalee Dickinson appeared in court for sentencing on August 14, 1944. Upon sentencing, the court commented:
It is hard to believe that some people do not realize that our country is engaged in a life and death struggle. Any help given to the enemy means the death of American boys who are fighting for our national security. You, as a natural-born citizen, having a University education, and selling out to the Japanese, were certainly engaged in espionage. I think that you have been given every consideration by the Government. The indictment to which you have pleaded guilty is a serious matter. It borders close to treason. I, therefore, sentence you to the maximum penalty provided by the law, which is ten years and $10,000 fine.
Still maintaining their innocence and claiming that their husband had been the Japanese spy, Dickinson was imprisoned at the Federal Correctional Institution for Women (now the Alderson Federal Prison Camp) in Alderson, West Virginia. They were released with conditions on April 23, 1951.
After their release, they changed their name to Catherine Dickerson and maintained a friendship and secretarial relationship with Eunice Kennedy, attending their wedding in 1953.
See also
Elizebeth Smith Friedman
References
External links
FBI History – Velvalee Dickinson, the "Doll Woman"
La signora delle bambole – da "Le più grandi spie del mondo" Document is in Italian; Google translation is available here
The Spy in the Doll Shop in Smithsonian Magazine
50 Years Ago – July 1944 from Usenet
1893 births
American people convicted of spying for Japan
American women civilians in World War II
Female wartime spies
Businesspeople from New York City
People from Sacramento, California
People convicted under the Espionage Act of 1917
Stanford University alumni
World War II spies for Japan
Year of death missing
Dome 3 is the third studio album by the English post-punk band Dome, released in 1981 by the record label Dome.
Content
Trouser Press wrote that Dome 3 "breaks stride" from Dome's previous releases, "lifting the beats of other cultures and mixing them with abstracted bits of psychedelia and disembodied noises."
Track listing
All songs written by Bruce Gilbert and Graham Lewis unless otherwise indicated.
Personnel
Credits adapted from liner notes.
Engineering
Eric Radcliffe
John Fryer
Dome
Bruce Gilbert - vocals, instruments, production
Graham Lewis - vocals, instruments, production
Additional Musicians
A.M.C. - vocals (tracks 1, 2, 6, 9, 10)
Peter Price - drums, percussion (tracks 1, 2, 4, 5, 7)
D.O. Miller - saxophone (tracks 1, 5, 7)
Russell Mills - percussion, vocals (tracks 2, 5)
Eric Radcliffe - guitar (track 2)
References
External links
1981 albums
Dome (band) albums
Coșești is a commune in Argeș County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Coșești, Jupânești, Lăpușani, Leicești, Păcioiu, Petrești and Priseaca.
References
Communes in Argeș County
Localities in Muntenia
The Office of the Attorney General of Myanmar (; abbreviated OAG) serves as the Government of Myanmar's main legal advisory body. The Office is led by the Union Attorney General of Myanmar. The incumbent Attorney General is Dr Thida Oo, who was appointed on 2 February 2021 by Min Aung Hlaing. After the caretaker government was formed in 2021, the Union Attorney General's Office was reorganized into a ministry on 30 August 2021.
Sanctions
On 31 January 2022, the U.S. Department of the Treasury added Attorney General, Dr Thida Oo, added to its Specially Designated Nationals (SDN) list. The UK and Canada joined the U.S in the sanctions against Oo, in a "coordinated action against Myanmar military regime, targeting individuals responsible for undermining democracy and rule of law".
See also
Attorney General of Myanmar
Cabinet of Myanmar
Ministry of Legal Affairs
Politics of Myanmar
References
External links
Official website
Government ministries of Myanmar
Attorneys general of Burma
1948 establishments in Burma
Government agencies established in 1948
Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List
The James Park House is a historic house located at 422 West Cumberland Avenue in Knoxville, Tennessee, United States. The house's foundation was built by Governor John Sevier in the 1790s, and the house itself was built by Knoxville merchant and mayor, James Park (1770–1853), in 1812, making it the second-oldest building in Downtown Knoxville after Blount Mansion. The house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places, and currently serves as the headquarters for the Gulf and Ohio Railways.
History
Early history
The James Park House sits on what was originally Lot 59 in Charles McClung's 1791 plat of Knoxville. Sevier purchased the lot and began construction of the brick foundation of the house in the 1790s, and completed a portion of the wall facing Cumberland Avenue. Due to financial difficulties, however, they abandoned the house's construction, and moved to their farm at Marble Springs, on the city's periphery. Sevier sold the lot to their son, George Washington Sevier, in 1801, and the younger Sevier in turn sold it to South Carolina merchant James Dunlap in 1807.
In 1812, the lot with its unfinished house was purchased by James Park, a Scots-Irish merchant from County Donegal, Ireland, who had arrived in Knoxville in 1798. According to some historians, the original wing of Park's house was designed by Thomas Hope, an early Knoxville architect who also designed the Ramsey House and Statesview. Likely before 1820, Park added a second wing to the house, giving it its characteristic L-shape.
Park served as mayor of Knoxville from 1818 to 1821, and again from 1824 until 1826. In 1839, they lost Knoxville's first popular mayoral election to W.B.A. Ramsey by one vote. Park and their wife, Sophia Moody, had 12 children, some of whom were born in the Park House. President Andrew Jackson stayed at the Park House on a visit to Knoxville in 1830.
Reverend James Park
Park's eleventh child, also named James Park, was born in the Park House in 1822. The younger James Park graduated from East Tennessee College in 1840 and from Princeton Theological Seminary in 1846, after which they were licensed as a Presbyterian preacher. They briefly served as co-principal of the East Tennessee Female Institute before moving to Rogersville in the 1850s to preach at that city's First Presbyterian Church. They returned to Knoxville in 1860 to accept a position as principal of the Tennessee School for the Deaf (then located in what is now Old City Hall).
During the Civil War, Park moved to their country home in Cedar Springs (in what is now West Knoxville). In late 1863, General James Longstreet, whose army was attempting to retake Knoxville from an occupying Union force, dined at Park's Cedar Springs house. Park later recalled that Longstreet had an inaccurate map that showed the confluence of the French Broad and Holston rivers to be below Knoxville, and refused to believe Park when they pointed out that the confluence was actually upriver from Knoxville.
After the war, Park was appointed preacher of Knoxville's First Presbyterian Church, and they moved into the James Park House, where they would live for most of the remainder of their life. An 1871 map of Knoxville shows the house surrounded by a grove of trees and a few outbuildings, with the St. John's Episcopal Church (predecessor of St. John's Cathedral) across Cumberland to the north. An 1886 map, on the other hand, shows the house surrounded by the church and numerous smaller houses, reflecting Knoxville's rapid post-war growth.
20th century
After Park's death in 1912, their house was sold and converted into office space. The house was used as a Red Cross workshop during World War I, and served as a medical clinic in the years following the war. In 1945, the Knoxville Academy of Medicine, headed by prominent physician Herbert Acuff (who was also instrumental in constructing the nearby Medical Arts Building), purchased and renovated the house. The Academy used the house for several decades before relocating to West Knoxville.
In 2002, Gulf and Ohio Railroads CEO Pete Claussen and their wife, Linda, purchased the house for use as the Gulf and Ohio's headquarters. Working with architect Lee Ingram of the firm, Brewer Ingram Fuller, the Claussens removed several modern elements and restored the house to its 19th-century appearance. These changes included the removal of a 1968 rear medical auxiliary and auditorium, and the restoration of the house's Victorian-era porch. The renovations were largely completed in 2007.
Design
The James Park House is a -story, L-shaped house with a modern service wing located at the rear. Claussen's restorations, guided in part by old photographs and architectural research, included the re-addition of a picket fence surrounding the property, reconstruction of the house's Victorian-style front porch, rebuilding of the front stairs, and the reshaping of the chimneys. An arched fireplace in the basement, the design of which is nearly identical to a fireplace in the nearby Craighead-Jackson House, was also restored.
The floors of the modern addition to the house have been painted with various historical maps of Knoxville. One of the house's restrooms contains a ceiling-to-floor safe. Another restroom is modeled after the restroom of the Red Sage restaurant in Washington, D.C. A windowpane in the house contains the name "Sallie," which was probably etched by a daughter of the Reverend James Park.
References
Resources
Isenhour, Judith Clayton. Knoxville - A Pictorial History. (Donning, 1978), page 164.
Knoxville: Fifty Landmarks. (Knoxville: The Knoxville Heritage Committee of the Junior League of Knoxville, 1976), page 12.
The Future of Knoxville's Past: Historic and Architectural Resources in Knoxville, Tennessee (Knoxville Historic Zoning Commission, October 2006), page 19.
External links
James Park House — Brewer Ingram Fuller site containing photographs and restoration details
James Park House — Gulf and Ohio Railways site
Houses in Knoxville, Tennessee
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Tennessee
National Register of Historic Places in Knoxville, Tennessee
Tetrad Islands is a group of small islands lying southeast of Borge Point at Mikkelsen Harbor on Trinity Island in the Palmer Archipelago. They were shown on a 1952 Argentine government chart. The name given by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) in 1960 is descriptive; there are four islands in the group.
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
Islands of the Palmer Archipelago
Anabella Castro Sierra is a Colombian model and a beauty pageant titleholder. They were appointed as Miss International Colombia 2018 by Miss Colombia pageant (Concurso Nacional de Belleza). They represented Colombia at Miss International 2018 pageant and became the 4th Runner-up.
Pageantry
Señorita Colombia 2017
Anabella represented the Cesar Department at the national beauty contest, Señorita Colombia 2017 held on 20 March 2017. They ended up placing in the Top 10 finalists and also bagged the 'Elegancia Prímatela' and 'Reina de la Policía' titles.
Miss International 2018
Anabella was appointed as Miss International Colombia 2018 by Miss Colombia pageant (Concurso Nacional de Belleza) on 29 June 2018. They then represented Colombia at the Miss International 2018 pageant held in Tokyo, Japan on November 9, 2018, where they became the 4th Runner-up making Colombia's placement after three years of consecutive unplacement through 2015 to 2017.
References
External links
Official Miss Colombia website
Living people
1997 births
Miss Colombia winners
Colombian female models
Colombian beauty pageant winners
Miss International 2018 delegates
University of La Sabana alumni
The Islington Hotel was a family owned and operated lakefront inn located in Cedarville, Michigan in the state's Eastern Upper Peninsula. Constructed in the late 19th century, the facility lodged and entertained summer guests for more than 60 years with a tradition of friendliness and graciousness. During its heyday it was considered to be one of the finest seasonal hotels in the Upper Midwest.
Construction and early years: 1895-1904
The Islington was a summer hotel located in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan. Built between April and June 1895 on Islington Point in Lake Huron's Les Cheneaux Islands, the Islington Hotel was conceived by Milo Melchers, a lawyer from Toledo, Ohio. The hotel's first guests arrived on July 1, 1895, and stayed until September.
During the hotel's construction, Milo's wife Rose chose to spend the summer in England with their two daughters because of their horror at such a vast undertaking. Born into the Stroh Brewery family in Detroit, Rose Stroh Melchers was of the opinion that, “people who were educated and had a profession did not operate hotels." Misgivings aside, Rose and Milo (as Melchers & Company) ran the Islington as chief operating officers through 1904.
In the early years, the Islington was a place for sport fishermen. It was a U-shaped wooden structure, three stories tall with dormers and wide verandas on the lake sides. The 62 guest rooms provided no running water or bathrooms. There were stone fireplaces and rustic furniture in the living room and lobby. Rates included meals that were served daily in the dining room.
Rose Melchers as proprietor: 1905-1945
In 1905, Rose Stroh Melchers became sole proprietor of the Islington. Rose was a woman of resourcefulness and courage who said they would run the hotel until a buyer could be found. The reputation and success of the Islington as a summer vacation spot was due largely to their efforts. For forty summers, Mrs. Melchers hired local residents, college students and key professionals to work at the hotel. Each year the Islington opened June 25 and closed September 15. Over the years, gas lighting gave way to electricity. Indoor plumbing was added. A tennis court, croquet, shuffleboard, a billiard room, a recreation room, card rooms, dances, parties and other activities entertained guests who returned year after year.
Wooden fishing boats, yachts and large steamers delivering guests, provisions and mail to the hotel from Chicago and Detroit via Mackinac Island used the Islington docks. Guests came from cities such as St. Louis, Cincinnati, Chicago and Detroit. In later years, goods were picked up from or delivered by businesses in the growing towns of Cedarville and Pickford as well as the city of Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan to the north. The automobile and better roads provided the means for guests to travel to the Islington's location on the mainland.
The Islington was known as “the grandest and most self-evidently successful of the Les Cheneaux Hotels.” Celebrities such as the actor Jimmy Durante and the author Booth Tarkington and their family stayed at the Islington. During the 1930s and 1940s, a staff of approximately 30 catered to every need. In the lakeview dining room, guests “dressed for dinner” and dined on chef-prepared food that met Rose Melchers' high standards. For many years the Islington was recommended as a 1st Class eating establishment by Duncan Hines, an early forerunner of the Zagat rating program. Whitefish and lake trout were singled out as excellent, and were delivered fresh from the catching nets several times a week.
Starting in the 1920s, Rose Melchers' two married daughters, Hermione Uptegrove and Helen Wells, used their unique styles to upgrade the “Islington Experience.” Hermione (known as Hermi) was a pianist, as was their father, Milo. They were skilled in providing books, games, costuming and musical entertainment for guests in the afternoons and evenings. Also, Hermi managed the housekeeping duties until Stan (Mac) Wells took over hotel management. By contrast, Helen took care of the formal gardens and supervised maintenance of the wooden walkways, docks, shoreline developments, outdoor game areas, grounds, signage and nature trails. As a photographer, Helen recorded the life and times of the Islington, including visitors, amenities, and the natural environment of the area. The Islington was always special to Rose's five grandchildren. As they grew up, they were expected to help out in or around the hotel.
For many years, the Islington maintained a 4th Class Post Office that was open for summers only. Rose Melchers, followed by their grandson Stanfield (Mac) Wells Jr., were long-time Postmasters. The afternoon arrival of the mail truck from St. Ignace was a moment of excitement as official mailbags were exchanged and the arriving mail was distributed to guests and staff. Rose Melchers' youngest grandson, William Wells, was the last Postmaster in 1952, as Cedarville then became the Islington's Post Office.
Later years: 1946-1959
During the war years of 1943, 1944 and 1945, the Islington was closed for general guest use. Nevertheless, many friends of Rose Melchers and their daughters were visitors or informal guests during this period. When the hotel officially reopened in 1946, Stanfield (Mac) Wells, Jr. assumed management of the Islington through 1950. In 1951, another grandson, Stephen (Sandy) Wells and their wife Annabelle took over the running of the hotel. Assuming full ownership in 1952, the couple added several guest cottages along the lakeshore and a beach house on Melchers Bay for picnics and parties. In 1958, the Islington closed its doors to guests forever. The wooden structure was razed in 1959, marking the end of an era when “people escaped crowded, sweltering Midwestern cities for clean air and clean water.”
A former hotel employee said that the Islington era "was made exceptional" by Rose Melchers, their children and grandchildren, who set the tone for friendliness and graciousness that permeated the Islington experience.
Notes
History of Michigan
Buildings and structures in Mackinac County, Michigan
A free preview (also called a free preview weekend and sometimes referred to under the portmanteau "freeview") is a stunt programming concept in which a pay television service or channel tier is exhibited without signal encryption to customers of a multichannel television provider (cable, satellite, IPTV or over-the-top MVPD) at no cost for an extended time period.
Such events, which typically run anywhere from two days to one-month on average, are held mainly to incentivize subscribers into purchasing the service that is being transmitted during the applicable timeframe.
Background
History
The free preview concept was originated in the early 1970s by Home Box Office (HBO). By 1973, within a year of its November 1972 launch, HBO was carried on 14 cable systems around the country, located in New York and Pennsylvania. The channel had an exceptionally high churn rate as subscribers would sample the service for a few weeks, eventually become tired of seeing the same films being repeated over and over, and then ultimately cancel their subscriptions. Realizing the struggles it was facing because of this, HBO partnered with a cable system in Lawrence, Massachusetts to allow subscribers to view the service's programming for free on channel 3. After one month, HBO was moved to channel 6, where it would be scrambled. The preview proved popular among the cable provider's subscribers, helping to increase subscriptions for HBO.
HBO continued the concept and expanded it other cable systems in 1977. Soon, other premium cable services (such as Showtime and The Movie Channel) began offering periodic free previews themselves in order to attract new subscribers.
Concept
Free previews are generally used to increase subscribership of a premium channel, out-of-market sports package or a higher-end programming tier by allowing access to a service typically encrypted from viewing by customers who do not subscribe to it during the preview period. Although any subscription television service around the world can hold such an event, free previews most commonly occur with pay television providers in the North American countries of the United States and Canada. For commercial-free services, these events may feature appeals to the audience between programs to order the service, usually by phone or the internet. Television providers typically offer the premium services at discount rates or with extended periods of free service (generally one or three months, before standard pricing applies thereafter) for new subscribers during the preview period, often with installation fees normally incurred for subscribing to the service at any other time waived.
These preview events typically run during the weekend, as people who tend to work or attend school during the week are more likely to be at home to watch. As such, free previews originally ran only on Saturdays and Sundays until the early 1990s (although HBO occasionally held single-day free previews during the work week through the late 1970s). Providers and pay services began starting them on Fridays as early as the late 1980s, these three-day events would not become more common until the 1990s. During the mid to late 2000s, free previews for premium channels began to expand to four-day periods (typically from Friday to Monday, although some subscription television providers have even occasionally offered five-day previews starting on Thursdays). In effect, free previews for premium channels are usually scheduled in tandem with the premiere of a new or returning high-profile made-for-cable television series, a special (such as a concert), and/or a major feature film. These preview periods can run anywhere between one and five times each year. Although free previews have historically been carried nationally by all pay television service providers (particularly for premium channels), it has become common since the 2000s for preview events to only be made available to an individual provider or a selected number of participating providers.
Programs that air during free preview events of premium channels generally do not expurgate content deemed inappropriate for basic cable or broadcast television, meaning that some of the programs shown during the period may include graphic violence; nudity; overt sexual content; strong profanity or any combination thereof, potentially allowing children to observe such content if parental controls (such as the V-chip) are not activated. This was a particular issue before the advent of digital cable as these preview events usually ran on local origination channels that are available on basic cable tiers accessible to any subscriber. However, some of the more risque content featured on premium networks, such as (with some past exceptions) Cinemax's now-defunct After Dark block of softcore adult series and films, usually does not air on free preview weekends.
Until the early 2000s, television providers and premium services ran hosted interstitials between programs, which featured program and channel promotions, prize giveaways and behind-the-scenes information. Actors, comedians and other entertainers (such as Norm Crosby, Greg Kinnear, Robert Urich and Sinbad) often were used to host free preview events for premium cable services during the 1980s and 1990s. Many cable systems offered additional incentives to entice people into subscribing to a premium service by offering prizes, such as expense-paid vacations to the location where the free preview was taking place (for example, Rich Heritage Inc. – a cable marketing firm and production company founded by Terry Rich, who, until 1998, hosted many of the free previews the company produced for providers such as Comcast, Tele-Communications Inc. [TCI] and Cox Communications – produced interstitials during free previews of HBO, Showtime, Cinemax and The Disney Channel that included nightly prize giveaways to Walt Disney World – where the Rich Heritage-produced free preview events originated until 1999 – and then to the MGM Grand Las Vegas – where its preview events originated until 2002).
In recent years, the free preview concept has been restructured due to the migration of premium cable services to digital programming tiers to which many conventional pay television subscribers have upgraded since channel infrastructure upgrades occurred with the advent of digital cable. With digital cable having become commonplace since the early 2000s, most cable and satellite providers have since eschewed using local origination channels to carry free preview events and no longer produce interstitials for events involving premium channels; instead, providers simply unencrypt the service's signal on the designated channel slots of the main channel and all related multiplex channels that are carried by the provider as well as in some cases, a related pay service (for example, in the United States, HBO offers free previews either involving only its eight-channel multiplex, or both the HBO channel slate and the seven-channel multiplex of its sister network Cinemax, depending on which service is offered during that given preview – both networks are owned by WarnerMedia) during the period. Some video-on-demand services, pay-per-view sports packages and select basic channels available on higher subscription tiers also occasionally offer free previews, sometimes for as long as one to two weeks. In the case of out-of-market sports packages, previews for those services are most commonly held during the first week of a professional or collegiate sports league's regular season, with a second free preview window often occurring shortly after a professional league's all-star game break where the price of the package is halved in the wind-up towards the latter half of the season for playoff positioning.
In 2016, Verizon FiOS began offering their TV customers the ability to preview premium channels for a period of 48 hours, whenever they want, using their remote control. The feature, referred to as "Free View" or "Fios Free Weekends", can be enabled once for each premium network, including HBO, Showtime, Cinemax, Starz, and Epix, and can be used every year.
See also
Pay television
Pledge drive
References
Television terminology
Cable television
Pay television
Chaetocrania antennalis is a species of fly in the family Tachinidae.
References
Diptera of North America
Insects described in 1897
Tachinidae
Archery at the 2024 Summer Paralympics will be held at Esplanade des Invalides in Paris. It consists of nine events (3 men, 3 women, 3 mixed open teams). It will be expected that there would be 140 archer slots.
Qualification
A total of 140 archer slots will be achieved.
Medalists
See also
Archery at the 2024 Summer Olympics
References
2024 Summer Paralympics events
2024
International archery competitions hosted by France
Buffalo Springs is an unincorporated community in Nelson County, Virginia, United States.
References
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Nelson County, Virginia
Laïka Fatien is a French singer aka Laika.
Personal life
They were born in Paris in 1968. Them mother is Moroccan, and their father is from the Ivory Coast.
They studied at ARIAL Île-de-France, CIM and IACP (jazz music schools).
Music career
Laïka is the first French artist to be signed by Universal Music Group. Here they recorded "Nebula" produced by Meshell Ndegeocello, and "Come a Little Closer" featuring Roy Hargrove, Ambrose Akinmusire, Graham Haynes & Rufus Reid, produced by Jay Newland & Jean-Philippe Allard and arranged by Gil Goldstein. The album artwork for "Come a Little Closer" was created by Sylvia Plachy the photographer.
With their talent deeply rooted in Paris, Laika was often called on to accompany various artists such as: Vanessa Paradis and Rockin' Squat and was featured on pianist Ran Blake's recording of "Cocktails at Dusk". In 2016, Laika featured on Disney's homage recording entitled "Jazz Loves Disney" alongside Gregory Porter, Melody Gardot and Jamie Cullum.
Issey Miyake, the Japanese designer selected Laïka as their "European Muse" for the Tokyo Universal Exhibition in Japan
They performed at the Luminato Festival in the 70th Birthday Concert for Joni Mitchell at Massey Hall, Toronto, Canada
In 2016, they created with their husband, Christopher Thomas, the band Laïka & The Unit.
Acting
After a workshop with Jack Garfein (Actors Studio) in 1998, their interest in theater started to grow. They have worked on and performed in a variety of television and theater productions such as:
The Six Companions and The Black Princess as The Black Princess (TV series, TF1, France)
A Drum is a Woman as Madame Zajj, directed by Jérôme Savary with music by Duke Ellington (National Theater of Chaillot, France)
Los Sobrinos del Capitan Grant as Princess Maori, directed by Paco Mir Tricicle (La Zarzuela Theater, Madrid, Spain)
Celestina Del Sol, title role in a play by José Rivera with Opera-Jazz Directed by François Rancillac. This was performed at the Théâtre de la Ville in Paris and the Anger-Nantes Opéra.
Sources
Philippe Carles, André Clergeat, Jean-Louis Comolli: Le nouveau dictionnaire du jazz. R. Laffont: Paris 2011
References
External links
Biography
FB
Review of Look at Me Now, Jazz Times, December 2006
1968 births
Living people
French people of Ivorian descent
French women singers
French people of Italian descent
Baryshevskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Spasskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 6 as of 2002.
Geography
Baryshevskaya is located 39 km northwest of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Makarovskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
The is a 938 CE Japanese dictionary of Chinese characters. The Heian period scholar Minamoto no Shitagō (源順, 911–983 CE) began compilation in 934, at the request of Emperor Daigo's daughter. This Wamyō ruijushō title is abbreviated as Wamyōshō, and has graphic variants of 和名類聚抄 with wa 和 "harmony; Japan" for wa 倭 "dwarf; Japan" and 倭名類聚鈔 with shō 鈔 "copy; summarize" for shō 抄 "copy; annotate".
The Wamyō ruijushō is the oldest extant Japanese dictionary organized into semantic headings, analogous to a Western language thesaurus. This ancient lexicographical collation system was developed in Chinese dictionaries like the Erya, Xiao Erya, and Shiming. The Wamyōshō categorizes kanji vocabulary, primarily nouns, into main headings (bu 部) divided into subheadings (rui 類). For instance, the tenchi (天地 "heaven and earth") heading includes eight semantic divisions like seishuku (星宿 "stars and constellations"), un'u (雲雨 "clouds and rain"), and fūsetsu (風雪 "wind and snow").
Each dictionary entry gives the Chinese character, sources cited, Chinese pronunciations (with either a homonym or fanqie spelling), definitions, and corresponding Japanese readings (in the ancient Man'yōgana system using kanji to represent Japanese pronunciation). It cites over 290 sources, both Chinese (for example, the Shuowen Jiezi) and Japanese (the Man'yōshū).
The Wamyō ruijushō, survives in both a 10-volume edition (十巻本) and a 20-volume edition (二十巻本). The larger one was published in 1617 with a commentary by Nawa Dōen (那波道円, 1595–1648) and was used in the Edo period until the 1883 publication of the 10-volume edition annotated by Kariya Ekisai (狩谷棭齋, 1775–1835), also known as the Senchū Wamyō ruijushō (箋注倭名類聚抄 "Annotated commentary to the Wamyō ruijushō"). The 10-volume edition has 24 main headings divided into a total of 128 subheadings, while the 20-volume version has 32 and 249, respectively. The table below illustrates how words are semantically categorized in the 10-volume edition.
The broadly inclusive Wamyō ruijushō dictionary was an antecedent for Japanese encyclopedias. In the present day, it provides linguists and historians with an invaluable record of the Japanese language over a thousand years ago, more specifically the linguistics of the 10th century and Heian Period.
References
Further reading
External links
倭名類聚鈔 , Waseda University Library online Wamyō ruijushō (in Japanese)
Manuscript scans at Waseda University Library: 1617, 1667, 1667, 1688, 17th century, 17th century
1617 books
1883 books
10th-century Japanese books
Japanese dictionaries
Japanese encyclopedias
Late Old Japanese texts
938
10th century in Japan
Heian-period books
WNN may refer to:
Wnn
World News Now
World Nuclear News
Wunnumin Lake Airport, IATA code WNN
the code for Winnemucca (Amtrak station)
the code for Wennington railway station
Sabrina De Leeuw (born 19 August 1974) is a retired Belgian high jumper.
They won the 1993 European Junior Championships, and the gold medal at the 1997 Jeux de la Francophonie, They also competed at the 1993 World Championships without reaching the final. They were given the Golden Spike Award in 1993.
They became Belgian champion in 1992, 1993, 1996, 1997, 1999, 2001, 2004, 2006, 2007 and 2008. Them main domestic competitor was Natalja Jonckheere, before Tia Hellebaut took over the hegemony. De Leeuw also became French champion in 1998 and 2000. Them personal best jump is , achieved in August 1993 in Sheffield.
References
1974 births
Living people
Belgian female high jumpers
Ikhwan force, popularly referred to as the Ikhwan and locally known as "naabedh", was a pro-government militia in the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir, composed of surrendered Kashmiri militants.
Incorporation
By 1994, a section of militants who felt marginalized by the ISI's favoring of the Hizbul Mujahideen over other groups sought alternate avenues. The Ikhwan-ul-Muslimeen was formed by Mohammad Yusuf Parray, better known as Kuka Parray and by early 1994, the group sided with the Indian forces to fight the militants backed by the Pakistani government. Besides Ikhwan, other groups operated by Javed Ahmad Shah (who had the backing of the state police's Special Operations Group) and Liaqat Khan (who operated in Kashmir's Anantnag district). By the end of 1994, all three groups had merged into one entity known as Ikhwan-ul-Muslimeen.
Activities
Many prominent fighters for the Ikhwan contested the 1996 elections. Kuka Parray founded the Jammu and Kashmir Awami League and won. Javed Ahmad Shah joined the National Conference.
Disbandment
After the 1996 assembly elections, due to the public's detestation of their ruthless tactics and several publicity campaigns by pro-secession organisations, the Ikhwan quickly found themselves ostracised by the political establishment. The official cover for the armed group was stripped soon after by the Indian government which led to a huge spike in casualties. Ikhwan is expected to have lost over 150 members. According to a 2003 report by The Hindu, nearly 350 to 500 members of Ikhwan remained on active duty with the Jammu and Kashmir Police and the Indian Army and were paid a regular stipend.
Kuka Parray was killed by Kashmiri mujahids in 2003 while they were on their way to inaugurate a cricket match in Sonawari, District Bandipore. Javed Ahmad Shah was also killed a month earlier by Kashmiri terrorists at the Greenway Hotel in Srinagar. Liaqat Khan continues to live in Kashmir.
Notable members
Nazir Ahmad Wani
See also
Partition of India
All Parties Hurriyat Conference
Pakistan and state terrorism
Timeline of the Kashmir conflict
History of Jammu and Kashmir
Kashmir Conflict
Indo-Pakistani wars and conflicts
References
Paramilitary organisations based in India
Politics of Jammu and Kashmir
Indigenous counterinsurgency forces
Non-military counterinsurgency organizations
Dirk Herman Willem Maas (Dick) (born 15 April 1951) is a Dutch film director, screenwriter, film producer and film composer.
Maas achieved fame after the success of their music videos for the Dutch band Golden Earring, including "Twilight Zone" and the controversial "When the Lady Smiles," and their films De Lift, Amsterdamned and Flodder in the 1980s. Maas also directed the controversial Saint Nicolas slasher Sint (Saint Nick) and one episode of the TV series Young Indiana Jones. The film Karakter won the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film in 1996. Maas served as executive producer. The film was produced by their production company First Floor Features, founded in 1984. They left the company, which they started with Laurens Geels, in 2001.
Their 2016 film Prooi became an unexpected box office hit in China cinemas in 2019. It is also the first Dutch film to secure a wide theatrical release in China. The film was retitled as Violent Fierce Lion.
An authorized documentary about their career titled De Dick Maas Methode premiered at the Dutch Film Festival on September 27, 2020, in Utrecht.
In 2017 they wrote their first thriller, titled Salvo (), followed in the same year by a book in which they wrote about their career as a filmmaker (). The Naked Witness () is the title of their 2021 book based on their 1988 film Amsterdamned. According to Maas it is the first in a series of books based on this film.
Personal life
Dick Herman Willem Maas was born on 15 April 1951 in Heemstede in the Netherlands.
Maas is married to fellow film director Esmé Lammers, a granddaughter of Max Euwe, World Chess Champion 1935–1937.
Filmography (as director)
Music videos
1982 – "Twilight Zone" - Golden Earring
1984 – "Clear Night Moonlight" - Golden Earring
1984 – "When the Lady Smiles" - Golden Earring
1988 – "Amsterdamned" - Loïs Lane
1988 - " Haunted Guitar " - Billy Falcon
1989 - " Turn The World Around " - Golden Earring
1997 – "Burning Stuntman" - Golden Earring
1997 - " Dance in the Light " - Mai Tai
2003 - " Afscheid Nemen Bestaat Niet " - Marco Borsato
2004 - " Laat me Gaan " - Marco Borsato
Shorts
Historia Morbi - 1974
Picknick'''- 1975
Adelbert - 1977
Bon Bon - 1979
Onder De Maat - 1979
Overval - 1979
Idylle - 1979
Rigor Mortis - 1980
Long Distance - 2003
Features
1983 – De Lift 1986 – Flodder 1988 – Amsterdamned 1992 – Flodder in America (aka Flodder 2)
1995 – Flodder 3 1999 – Do Not Disturb
2001 – Down
2007 – Moordwijven 2010 – Sint 2012 – Quiz 2016 – Prooi/Violent Fierce Lion''
References
External links
1951 births
Living people
Dutch film directors
Dutch film producers
Dutch satirists
Horror film directors
People from Heemstede
Golden Calf winners
Dutch music video directors
Harun Kola (, also Romanized as Hārūn Kolā; also known as Hārūn Kolā-ye Bālā and Hārūn Kolā-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Dasht-e Sar Rural District, Dabudasht District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 937, in 255 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Sarat Kumar Deb was an Indian politician. They were elected to the Lok Sabha, the lower house of the Parliament of India from Kendrapara, Odisha as a member of the Janata Party.
References
India MPs 1984–1989
Lok Sabha members from Odisha
Janata Party politicians
1988 deaths
Year of birth missing
Bolko IV of Opole (; 1363/67 – 6 May 1437), was a Duke of Strzelce and Niemodlin during 1382–1400 (with their brothers as co-rulers), Duke of Opole from 1396 (until 1400 with their brother as co-ruler, except Olesno).
They were the second son of Duke Bolko III of Strzelce by their wife Anna, probably daughter of Duke Jan I of Oświęcim.
Life
At the time of their father's death in 1382 Bolko IV was still a minor and therefore was placed under the care of their older brother Jan Kropidło and their uncle Władysław Opolczyk.
At first, Bolko IV and their brothers inherited a small Duchy, but shortly after their father's death and in accordance with a previous agreement, they took possession of the Duchy of Niemodlin after the death of their relative Henry, but without Głogówek, which was retained by Władysław Opolczyk.
The relationship between uncle and nephews was initially good. In 1383 Władysław Opolczyk sold part of their domains, and ten years later (1393), in exchange for taking part in the war against the Polish King Władysław II Jagiełło, the Duke of Opole promised to them the succession of all their heritage, except the lands which were assigned to their wife Euphemia as their dower. This decision provoked a violent response by the Polish army, which attacked the cities of Strzelce and Opole.
On 6 August 1396, Bolko III's sons decided to make an agreement with the Polish King and invaded Opole; after that, they were the effective rulers over the Duchy and Władysław Opolczyk was relegated to a second plan until their death in 1401.
In 1400 Bolko IV and Bernard decided to make the formal division of their domains between them (the older brother Jan Kropidło wasn't counted because they followed a Church career in Poland, and the other brother, Henry II, died in 1394): Bolko IV retained Opole and Bernard received Strzelce and Niemodlin. In 1401 Bolko IV waived to their brother the recently recovered lands of Olesno and Lubliniec.
Bolko IV tried to maintain close contacts with King Wenceslaus IV of Bohemia. For this reason, on 7 July 1402 the Duke of Opole joined the confederation of Silesian states.
In 1417 the case over the inheritance of Władysław Opolczyk was unexpectedly revived. The Dukes Jan I and Henry IX of Żagań claimed rights from their mother Katharina of Opole, daughter of Władysław Opolczyk. For unknown reasons the Prague court on 2 July 1417 gave an extremely negative sentence to the Dukes of Opole, requiring the return of their domains to the Dukes of Żagań; one year later, on 1 April 1418, this decision was confirmed by King Wenceslas IV. Only the sudden death of the Bohemian King less than a year later and the inability of the Dukes of Żagań to exploit their opportunities permitted Bolko IV to retain their lands.
In subsequent years, and despite the previous difficulties with the Bohemian Kingdom, Bolko IV began to work closely with the new King Sigismund of Luxembourg, who promised a favorable arrangement on 18 September 1421 if the Duke of Opole fought at their side. As a result of this cooperation, two years later in the Congress of Bratislava (which occurred in order to stop the disputes between the King and the Teutonic Order), Bolko IV and their brother Bernard received the town of Sieradz and part of Greater Poland; however, this arrangement remained only on paper, because soon after in Kežmarok the peace between the Polish and Bohemian Kings was concluded.
By 1424 Bolko IV and Bernard inherited the town of Głogówek after the death of Euphemia, widow of Władysław Opolczyk, who received this land as their dower; however, at the end of that year they granted the town of Bolko V the Hussite, Bolko IV's eldest son.
After the end of the 1420s Silesia was shaken by the Hussite Wars. Bolko IV initially stood at the side of King Sigismund, despite the danger of punitive expeditions of the Hussite troops; but in 1428 they and their brother Bernard decided to make peace with the Hussites, but without the guarantee of security over their domains. However, soon Bolko IV returned to the Bohemian side and on 16 September 1435 the Hussites were finally repelled from Silesia.
Bolko IV died on 6 May 1437 and was buried in the Ducal vault in the Franciscan church in Opole.
Marriage and issue
By 1398 Bolko IV married Margareta (ca. 1375? – 6 December 1437), probably a member of the House of Görz. They had five children:
Bolko V the Hussite (ca. 1400 – 29 May 1460).
Jan I (1410/13 – 5 September 1439).
Margareta (1412/14 – 15 January 1454), married by 1423 to Duke Louis III of Oława.
Henry (1420 – 8 April 1436).
Nicholas I (ca. 1424 – 3 July 1476).
References
Genealogical database by Herbert Stoyan
Genealogy of Dukes of Opole
|-
|-
1360s births
1437 deaths
Year of birth uncertain
Piast dynasty
Dukes of Opole
Altolia is a village of Messina district in northeast of Sicily, southern Italy. It stands at an elevation of 282 metres above sea level. At the time of the Istat census of 2011 it had about 200 inhabitants.
The village is located on the border with the municipality of Scaletta Zanclea, on the high hills overlooking the valley of the Giampilieri stream.
History
At the time of the Norman domination, Altolia became a fief of the Chiaromonte (XII century), whose territory extended to the sea, as the hamlets of Giampilieri and Molino did not yet exist. During the anti-Spanish revolt of Messina of 1674-78, Altolia sided with the Spaniards, also due to the proximity of the fief of Scaletta, whose prince Ruffo was an ally of the latter. During the four years of struggle, the houses and districts of the valley were repeatedly looted and burned, now by the Spaniards and now by the French. In 1678, at the end of the revolt, despite the support given by the Altoliesi to the Spaniards for the achievement of victory, the lands of the valley between Altolia, Molino a Giampilieri were confiscated and put up for sale. Francesco Piccinini bought them on behalf of Don Placido Ruffo, prince of Scaletta and of Floresta, who thus also became "Baron of Artalìa, Molino and Giampilieri". However, in 1727 the land was expropriated and returned by the royal state property. The plague that devastated Messina in 1743 did not affect the village. The various earthquakes that occurred in Messina in 1783, 1854 and 1908 did not particularly damage the town, except for the collapse of the wooden ceiling of the Mother Church. In 1940 the provincial road was built that from Giampilieri Marina leads to the village, passing through Giampilieri Superiore and Molino, replacing the old mule track which along the stream bed reached Altolia.
On 1 October 2009 it sadly jumped to the headlines for the flood and the landslide, which cost 37 victims together with Giampilieri Superiore, Giampilieri Marina, Molino, Briga Marina, Briga Superiore and Scaletta Zanclea.
Infrastructure and public transport
The village of Altolia can be reached via the provincial road 33 of Altolia which, starting from the Giampilieri Marina junction, crosses Giampilieri Superiore and, passing through the Molino junction, finally reaches the village. The minor viability is represented by alleys and stairways.
Altolia is connected to the city center by two ATM bus lines: shuttle line n ° 2 (Altolia - Giampilieri Railway Station - Briga superiore - Terminal ZIR) and line n ° 1 Shuttle 100 (Giampilieri superiore - Central Railway Station - Torre Faro).
Excursions
Occasionally, excursions are organized with expert guides to Pizzo Pietralunga at 790 m above sea level. The route is characterized by dense chestnut woods, centuries-old terraces and panoramic windows overlooking the strait. The panorama that embraces the villages of Altolia, Scaletta and Itala is fabulous. In fact, the summit is located exactly on the watershed of three valleys. Downhill there are numerous “dammusi”, ancient millstones with a dome or barrel shaped roof. In some, the pressing tank, the must collection tank and the opening from which the grapes were poured are still visible.
See also
2009 northeastern Sicily floods and mudslides
References
Frazioni of the Metropolitan City of Messina
The Pink Chiquitas is a 1987 Canadian comedy film about a pink meteor that lands near a small town, turning its female residents into nymphomaniacs. The film was directed by Anthony Currie, and stars Frank Stallone, Elizabeth Edwards, and Claudia Udy.
Plot
Tony Mareda, Jr., a former Olympic athlete and world-renowned private detective, is driving across the country when they are attacked by mobsters. Chased to the sleepy backwater town of Beamsville, Tony ducks into the local drive-in theater, where they are followed by their pursuers. As Tony takes out the hit men amidst the parked cars, a pink meteor roars overhead and crashes in the nearby woods.
The meteor's spectacular landing leads the townspeople at the drive-in to rush out in search of it. As the young couples search the woods, however, the women begin to hear a ringing sound coming from the glowing pink rock that turns them into lusty nymphomaniacs. Now under the thrall of the meteor, they protecting it by seducing the men. One of the few who avoids the effect is the local TV weatherman, Clip Bacardi, who, having discovered a small fragment of the meteor, it too engrossed by it to notice the attempts by their temporarily aroused girlfriend, librarian Mary Ann Kowalski, to come on to him.
The next morning, the local authorities discover an empty crater where the meteor landed, with the men who went looking for it in catatonic states scattered throughout the woods. Facing a challenge from Mary Ann in the upcoming election, Beamsville's mayor orders the town deputy to enlist Tony Mareda's help in finding out what happened to the men. When Clip goes on the air that evening with their fragment, however, the sound it emits transforms all of the women watching the broadcast into the meteor's servants. Learning of Tony's investigation, the women seduce a key witness and, under Mary Ann's direction, begin to take control of the town.
Having stumbled into the women's plot, Clip narrowly escapes their takeover of the television station. When they inform the mayor, the men form a posse to hunt for the meteor. As they search the woods, Clip encounters a scantily-clad Mary Ann, who nearly incapacitates them before Tony is able to render them unconscious using chloroform. After placing them in the town jail, Tony and Clip go back into the woods and track the meteor to a cave, where they narrowly escape a group of women who arrive to worship it. When their effort to drive to the next town for help is frustrated by a roadblock, they return to Beamsville to find that the women's takeover of the town is complete, with the remaining men wandering the streets in dazed stupors. Clip attempts to discover how to defeat the meteor by experimenting on the fragment they possess, but is overcome by the fumes produced after accidentally setting it on fire. Tony is also subdued by a group of women in a pink Sherman tank, who knock them unconscious when they blast apart the town jail where they take refuge.
Tony is awakened back in the cave by Mary Ann, who announces that the meteor, which they refer to as "Betty," has chosen them to be the father of its offspring. As the meteor draws Tony to it, however, the cave wall to which they are chained collapses and the chamber is flooded with water — the meteor's weakness. After it is washed out of the cave, Tony and Mary Ann (who resists the meteor's influence after seeing Clip being attacked by it) work together to push the pulsating rock into the town lake, destroying it and returning the controlled women to normal.
Cast
Frank Stallone as Tony Mareda Jr.
Bruce Pirrie as Clip Bacardi
Elizabeth Edwards as Mary Ann Kowalski
Claudia Udy as Helen Walkman
John Hemphill as Ernie Bodine
Don Lake as Deputy Barney Drum
Cindy Valentine as Stella Dumbrowski
Gerald Isaac as Dwight Wright
Eartha Kitt as Voice of Betty, The Meteor
External links
Review of The Pink Chiquitas at MJSimpsion.co.uk
Canuxploitation review of The Pink Chiquitas
1987 films
Canadian science fiction comedy films
1980s science fiction comedy films
Alien invasions in films
English-language Canadian films
Films scored by Paul Zaza
1987 comedy films
1980s English-language films
1980s Canadian films
Hedgehogfonna is a glacier field in Sørkapp Land at Spitsbergen, Svalbard. It is located west of the mountain of Hedgehogfjellet, and is separated from the glacier of Vasil'evbreen by Skilfonna.
The glacier of Sykorabreen extends seven kilometers northwards from Hedgehogfonna, and the glacier of Tromsøbreen extends six kilometers southwards.
References
Glaciers of Spitsbergen
The men's triple jump event at the 1973 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 10 March in Rotterdam.
Results
References
Triple jump at the European Athletics Indoor Championships
Triple
Roll Deep (formerly Roll Deep Entourage) are a British grime crew. They were founded in 2001 by Wiley shortly before the disbandment of UK garage crew Pay As U Go Cartel.
The group have had two UK No. 1 singles, Good Times and Green Light, won an Urban Music Award, and between 2001 and 2012 they released five studio albums before entering an indefinite hiatus in 2013.
Current member Wiley and former members Dizzee Rascal and Tinchy Stryder have gone on to be successful solo artists in the UK, with songs that have topped charts.
History
Inspired by the success of So Solid Crew, Wiley founded the UK garage crew Ladies Hit Squad alongside DJ Target and Maxwell D around the end of the 20th century (2000). At the same time, Plague, Slimzee, Geeneus, Major Ace and God's Gift were enjoying relative success with another garage crew called Pay As U Go Kartel. Geeneus, who also founded Rinse FM, invited both Wiley and Flowdan to join Pay As U Go. The group released their debut single, "Know We", in 2000.
Two years later, Wiley, Flowdan, Jamakabi and Breeze recorded a song entitled "Terrible", which record stores perceived to be a follow-up to "Know We". Wiley decided they didn't want to release it under the Pay As U Go name, so Flowdan suggested the name Roll Deep: a homage to the phrase 'rolling deep', popular within bashment songs. Flowdan cites the introduction of Dizzee Rascal to Roll Deep and their subsequent popularity as the reason why Pay As U Go eventually disbanded and Roll Deep rose to prominence.
The crew distributed a number of mixtapes and vinyl singles independently before being signed to a major label and releasing their debut album In at the Deep End in June 2005. Four singles were released from the album: "Heat Up", "The Avenue", "When I'm 'Ere" and "Shake a Leg". They won an Urban Music Award.
In October 2006, Roll Deep participated in a project of Tate Modern museum where various groups and songwriters were invited to choose a work that inspired them from the gallery's collection of modern art and then write a track about it. Roll Deep's submission, Searching, was inspired by the Anish Kapoor sculpture Ishi's Light, and can be heard on headphones in front of the work or on the Tate Tracks website.
Their second album Rules and Regulations was released in 2007, followed by the release of Return of the Big Money Sound in 2008.
The group got their first UK No. 1 single with the song "Good Times" in May 2010 and the group's second UK No. 1 single was "Green Light" in August 2010. Their next single was "Take Control", featuring R&B singer Alesha Dixon, which charted at No. 29 on 7 November 2010. Roll Deep released their next single "Picture Perfect" (produced by Agent X) peaking at No. 19 in the indie charts.
Roll Deep have appeared on BBC 1Xtra on numerous occasions. Members that appeared on the show include Wiley, Scratchy, Flowdan, Breeze, Brazen, Riko and Manga. In later years the group's work began to take a more mainstream oriented approach which led to members such as Riko and Flowdan becoming less active within the crew. In March 2014 Flowdan confirmed in an interview on Rinse FM the group's current hiatus and discussed the lack of drive from other members to work on music collectively. However many members of the crew are still active as solo artists and none have ruled out a return to writing music together in the future.
In August 2018, DJ Karnage, Breeze, Manga, Brazen, Scratchy, Riko Dan and Flowdan all appeared at Riko Dan's Hard Food EP launch party, collectively billed as Roll Deep on the lineup. Later the same month, Manga told Grime.com: "We've got tunes, but it just takes long to organise. We've got new songs — or we had new songs — I don't know where they are, I think Wiley's got them somewhere. But we've started about three [new] Roll Deep albums between us, but... oh, it's just long to get everyone together, man. Wiley lives in Cyprus, Target's on radio everyday, Flowdan's doing shows everyday, J2K's making restaurants and creps and all these type of ting there." In August 2019, Scratchy and Flowdan appeared as Roll Deep on "Don't Lie", featuring Jammer and taken from their Lord of the Mics VIII compilation album.
Members
Current members
Wiley (Richard Kylea Cowie) – The leader of the crew/group/collective. Formed the crew and has featured on many Roll Deep songs. Achieved their first number-one's with the group in 2010 with song's Good Times and Green Light. Wiley has announced via Twitter that they are still a member of Roll Deep and always will be, but was not featured on the album in 2012.
Scratchy (Ryan Robert Williams) – One of the founder members of Roll Deep from 2002. Featured on many Roll Deep tracks like "When I'm 'Ere", "Badman" & "Club 7". They also featured on Roll Deep's number-one singles 'Good Times' and 'Green Light'. They have a distinctive flow. Also known as Scratchy Demus.
Flowdan (Marc Veira) – One of the founder members of Roll Deep from 2002. Features on many Roll Deep tracks like 'Celebrate', 'Heat Up' & 'Club 7' Has a deep voice and speaks in patois, although the accent is not as strong as Riko's.
Breeze (Ibrahim Ali) – One of the founder members of Roll Deep from 2002. Older brother of fellow Roll Deep member Brazen. They featured on Roll Deep's number-one single's 'Good Times' and 'Green Light'. Known for witty lyrics and distinctive style.
Brazen (Ardom Ali) – Member of Roll Deep from 2004, and younger brother of Breeze. They featured on Roll Deep's number-one singles 'Good Times' and 'Green Light'. Known for their aggressive voice on the mic.
Manga (Matthew Reid) – Member of Roll Deep from 2004. Featured on Roll Deep tracks "When I'm 'Ere", "Poltergeist (Remix)" and "Do Me Wrong". Has a speedy, jumpy flow. Now going by the name Manga Saint Hilare.
Riko (Zane Benson Williams) – Member of Roll Deep from 2004. Well known for their distinctive and sometimes very aggressive style of rapping in Patois. Took a back seat from the crew in early 2010 to concentrate on their solo career, though they have stated on Twitter they will never leave Roll Deep. More commonly known as Riko Dan.
DJ Target (Darren Joseph) – Long-time member of Roll Deep from 2002. Main Producer and DJ of Roll Deep. Made the instrumentals for many Roll Deep tracks. Since gone on to host their own BBC Radio 1Xtra show.
DJ Karnage – Long-time member of Roll Deep from 2002.  They are the cousin of former member Trim, and Roll Deep's main DJ. A former Roll Deep MC.
J2K (Jason Black) – Member of Roll Deep from 2008, although they did feature on track "Good Girl" on their 2005 album "In at the Deep End". They have featured on many Roll Deep tracks, including number-one single 'Green Light'.
Past members
Dizzee Rascal (Dylan Mills) – Joined Roll Deep when asked to provide the hook for the track "Bounce" in 2002, but left Roll Deep in 2003 after the Ayia Napa stabbing incident. Featured on tracks "Bounce", "U Were Always", "Roll Deep Regular" and "Eskimo Vocal".  They are now one of the most well-known grime artists in the UK, with five number-ones.
Tinchy Stryder (Kwasi Danquah III) – affiliate of Roll Deep from 2002, but had their own grime crew Ruff Sqwad and focus on their solo career. They featured on Roll Deep's 2004 mixtape Creeper Vol. 2 and performed on some songs including "U Were Always" in 2002, which was released years later on Roll Deep's compilations album Street Anthems in 2009. Has since recorded many top 40 hits including two number-ones.
Biggie Pitbull – Also known as Pitbull T, they were an early member of Roll Deep from 2002. They featured on tracks 'Bounce' as well as 'Poltergeist Relay' and other songs. Had an angry voice.  They are Wiley's cousin. Left the group in 2004.
Wonder – Early member of Roll Deep from 2002. Wonder was a producer for the group, but they left in 2004. They now no longer produces grime.
Jamakabi – Early member of Roll Deep from 2002, they featured on many tracks like 'Terrible', 'Roll Deep Regular' & 'Bounce'. They left the group in 2004, after a disagreement with Wiley.
Bubbles – Early member of Roll Deep from 2002, but left the group in 2004. They featured on the song 'Bounce' amongst others. Released a solo mixtape in 2008.
DJ Bionics – Early member of Roll Deep from 2002. Bionics was one of the DJ's for the group, but left in 2004 to DJ in support of their cousin Kano.
Jet Le – Early member of Roll Deep from 2002. They featured on albums In at the Deep End and Rules and Regulations. Had a verse on 'Celebrate'. Left the group in 2006.
Trim (Javan St. Prix) – Member of Roll Deep from 2004, featured on tracks 'Heat Up' and 'When I'm 'Ere'. Has an off-kilter, poetic flow. They left the group in 2006, after a disagreement with Flowdan. Also known as Trimbal.
Roachee (Richard Roach) – Member of Roll Deep from 2004, joined the group the same time as their cousin Trim. Featured on 'When I'm Here'. They left the group in 2006, as they were sent to prison.
DJ Maximum – Affiliate of Roll Deep from 2004. Part of grime crew Boy Better Know.
Skepta (Joseph Adenuga) – Affiliate of Roll Deep had their own grime crew Boy Better Know and their solo career. Skepta appeared on Roll Deep's album Rules and Regulations and featured on the hit 'Celebrate'.
Jammer (Jahmek Power) – Affiliate of Roll Deep from 2006, Appeared on Roll Deep's album Rules and Regulations and featured on tracks 'Ride or Die Chick' and 'Bring Ur Crew Then'. Part of another grime crew Boy Better Know.
Danny Weed – Long-time member of Roll Deep from 2002. They were a producer for the group, but left in 2010.
Killa P (Patrick Knight) – Member of Roll Deep from 2006, and the cousin of Roll Deep member Flowdan. Killa P's flow is like Riko's, they MC's in patois. Featured on the track "Club 7". Left the group in 2010.
Little Dee – Member of Roll Deep from 2008. They featured on one Roll Deep track 'Give Up', but left the group in 2008 on good terms to pursue their own solo career. Currently a member of OGz alongside P Money.
Syer Barz – Member of Roll Deep briefly around 2004. Also former member of the Dagenham-based O.T. Crew.
Jme (Jamie Adenuga) – Affiliate of Roll Deep from 2006.  They are Skepta's younger brother. Part of grime collective Boy Better Know.
Politics
Roll Deep have been consistent supporters of Love Music Hate Racism and have played at many of the organisation's more high-profile events including the memorial for murdered teenager Anthony Walker, and released a single and video of "Racist People", from the Rules and Regulations LP.
Discography
Studio albums
2005: In at the Deep End
2007: Rules and Regulations
2008: Return of the Big Money Sound
2010: Winner Stays On
2012: X
Compilation album
2009: Street Anthems
Mixtapes
2003: Creeper Vol. 1
2004: Creeper Vol. 2
2004: Rollin' Deeper
2006: Roll Deep Presents Grimey Vol. 1
2010: Say No More
2012: No Comment Star
Timeline
2002–2003
The Original and First line up of Roll Deep:
Wiley
Dizzee Rascal
Tinchy Stryder
Scratchy
Flowdan
Breeze
DJ Target
DJ Karnage
Danny Weed
Jet Le
Biggie Pitbull
Dom P
Wonder
Jamakabi
Bubbles
DJ Bionics
2004–2005
Second line up of the group:
Once Dizzee Rascal, Tinchy Stryder, Biggie Pitbull, Dom P, Wonder, Jamakabi, Bubbles & DJ Bionics left the group, Wiley brought in 7 new members for their 2005 album "In at the Deep End".
Wiley
Scratchy
Flowdan
Breeze
DJ Target
DJ Karnage
Danny Weed
Jet Le
Brazen – Joined the group in 2003
Manga – Joined the group in 2004
Riko – Joined the group in 2004
Trim – Joined the group in 2003
Roachee – Joined the group in 2004
DJ Maximum – Joined the group in 2004
Syer Bars – Joined the group in 2004
2006–2007
Third line up of the group:
Once Jet Le, Trim, Roachee, DJ Maximum & Syer Bars left the group, Wiley brought in 3 new members for their 2007 album "Rules and Regulations" and one new member to contribute to the album.
Wiley
Scratchy
Flowdan
Breeze
DJ Target
DJ Karnage
Danny Weed
Brazen
Manga
Riko
Killa P – Joined the group in 2006
Skepta – Joined the group in 2006
Jammer- Joined the group in 2006
JME - Joined the group in 2006. Left the same year.
2008–2010
Fourth line up of the group:
Once Skepta, JME & Jammer left the group, Wiley brought in 2 new members for their 2008 album "Return of the Big Money Sound".
Wiley
Scratchy
Flowdan
Breeze
DJ Target
DJ Karnage
Danny Weed
Brazen
Manga
Riko
Killa P
J2K – Joined the group in 2008
Little Dee – Joined the group in 2008
2010–2012
Fifth and final line up of the group:
Once Danny Weed, Killa P & Little Dee left the group, Wiley replaced them with female R&B singer Tania Foster.
Wiley
Scratchy
Flowdan
Breeze
DJ Target
DJ Karnage
Brazen
Manga
Riko
J2K
Tania Foster – Joined the group in 2011
References
External links
– official site
Roll Deep on GrimePedia
Music Video masterclass with Mo filming Roll Deep on BBC Blast
UK Grime Group Roll Deep Scores UK No. 1 by Billboard
Musical groups from London
English hip hop groups
Grime music groups
Cooking Vinyl artists
Relentless Records artists
Virgin Records artists
Rudelzhausen is a municipality in the district of Freising in Bavaria in Germany.
Population Trend
References
Freising (district)
WRAL (101.5 FM, "Mix 101.5") is a commercial radio station licensed to serve Raleigh, North Carolina. The station is owned by Capitol Broadcasting Company and broadcasts an adult contemporary format. The station switches to a Christmas music format during November and December. Its broadcast tower is located southeast of Raleigh near Garner, North Carolina at ().
WRAL studios are located in the Highwoods office complex in Raleigh, along with WCMC-FM, a sports talk station that signed on in October 2005. Both stations are owned and operated by Capitol Broadcasting Company, which also owns area NBC affiliate WRAL-TV, Fox affiliate WRAZ-TV, and the Durham Bulls minor-league baseball team, among other properties. WRAL carries the audio of the Six O'Clock News broadcast on sister station WRAL-TV.
WRAL uses HD Radio and broadcasts a Adult album alternative format branded as "That Station" on its HD2 subchannel. The HD3 subchannel carries an All-News format known as "WRAL News+".
As of June 2022, WRAL has the highest ratings of any station in the Raleigh/Durham radio market.
History
Beginnings
The construction permit authorizing the station was initially assigned the call sign WCOY, which was changed to WRAL-FM before it signed on for the first time on September 6, 1946 at 95.3 with an ERP of 1,000 watts. It was the second FM station to operate in North Carolina (after WMIT), and the first to operate on the new 88–108 MHz FM band (FM stations had previously used the 42–50 MHz band). It was a sister station to WRAL radio (AM 1240, now WPJL), which was sold off in the 1950s. The studios were located at 130 Salisbury Street, with the transmitter on Davie Street Extension.
WRAL-FM offered its own programming, rather than simulcast a sister AM station, in the form of easy listening music and extensive agricultural reports. Together with WCEC in Rocky Mount and WGBR in Goldsboro, WRAL helped establish a statewide radio network named the Tobacco Radio Network, which connected communities throughout North Carolina. It became the precursor to today's North Carolina News Network, originally based at the WRAL studios (and sold to Curtis Media Group in 2009). WRAL would move to 101.5 in 1947; it concurrently increased its ERP to 54,000 watts.
In 1948, Jesse Helms became the news director. From 1960 until their election to the U.S. Senate in 1972, the station offered the audio portion of commentaries by Helms which aired as the "Viewpoint" segment on WRAL-TV. The station increased its ERP to 250,000 watts in 1963, which was grandfathered one year later after the FCC imposed new tower restrictions, making WRAL-FM a FM "superpower station" due to the unusually high ERP.
Switch to adult contemporary
WRAL-FM switched its format to adult contemporary in the early 1970s, branding itself as "WRAL-Stereo 101" and later "WRAL-FM 101.5." The format continues to this day, though at one point the station leaned hot adult contemporary. The "-FM" suffix was dropped from the call sign on October 1, 1974. Famous Bob Inskeep (FBI) started as morning host in 1975. The show included news and information as well as the puppet Zoot, mail carrier Mr. Snailspace and tax consultant H.R. Blockhead.
On December 10, 1989, an early morning winter ice storm caused the tower it shared with WRAL-TV near Auburn, North Carolina, along with a separate tower for WPTF-TV (now WRDC) to collapse, ultimately losing its grandfather clause in the process. The station moved its transmission signal to WPTF's former tower near Apex until a new tower was built at the same site the following year. The new tower had an effective radiated power of 96,000 watts to conform to FCC standards since its antenna was situated farther up the tower than before. Even with the power reduction, the station still has one of the largest coverage areas of any station in North Carolina. It provides at least secondary coverage as far west as Asheboro, as far east as Greenville and as far south as Elizabethtown.
HD Radio
On December 20, 2002, the station became the first licensed commercial radio station on the east coast to broadcast using HD Radio. WRAL-HD1 simulcast the analog signal, while WRAL-HD2 offered a more modern-leaning playlist. On Monday, June 27, 2005, WRAL became the first commercial station in North Carolina and only the second commercial station in the nation (WUSN in Chicago was the first) to utilize the "multicasting" capabilities of HD Radio technology to broadcast multiple digital channels.
On April 23, 2007, WRAL-FM became the flagship station for the NC State Wolfpack, beginning with the 2007–2008 school year. The broadcast rights to football and basketball games belong to Wolfpack Sports Properties, which is jointly owned by Capitol Broadcasting and Learfield Sports. The weekly coaches' shows with Dave Doeren and Kevin Keatts air separately on sister station WCMC-FM.
WRAL-FM was the second station in Raleigh to air the nationally syndicated Delilah nighttime radio show, which it carried from November 2007 until October 2009. WRSN ("Sunny 93.9") had carried the program before that station flipped to Rhythmic AC as "93.9 Kiss FM".
On August 22, 2009, WRAL-FM started to air the Rick Dees Weekly Top 30 Countdown show on Saturdays at 7 am – 10 am. It also replaced the Delilah program with the John Tesh Radio Show beginning October 5, 2009. Both Dees and Tesh are veterans to Triangle radio, having both worked at WKIX back in the early 1970s, along with former WRAL-TV morning and noon anchor Bill Leslie.
On March 5, 2013, morning radio personality Bill Jordan announced their retirement after 23 years with the station.
On April 2, 2013, WRAL-HD2 changed formats to Contemporary Christian music, an expansion of the "Cornerstone" program normally heard on Sunday mornings on the main channel from 7 am to noon. "Cornerstone" has been hosted by Jami Caskey since it first aired in 1984, and is the station's longest-running program. When the main channel switches to all-Christmas music after Thanksgiving, HD2 airs the adult contemporary format heard during the rest of the year.
On July 28, 2014, "The Gene and Julie Show" began airing, with husband and wife Gene and Julie Gates. In 2015, the couple won the Marconi Award for Large Market Personality of the Year. Even with the bump in ratings, Gene & Julie eventually parted ways with WRAL-FM on August 15, 2016. The following week, WRAL-FM debuted a new morning show called "Two Men & A Mom". The hosts were Kyle Smelser and Bryan Lord, who came from WNOW-FM in Indianapolis, along with Raleigh native Sarah King, who worked at WKNC while a student at N.C. State. However, the show has since been renamed "Mix Mornings with Kyle, Bryan, and Sarah".
In March 2022, the HD2 channel flipped from contemporary Christian to an adult album alternative format and began a simulcast of sister station WCLY, also known as "95.7 That Station."
On August 2, 2022, WRAL-HD3, W243DK, and W257CS flipped from Sports "The Buzz" (which moved to WDNC and WCLY while still on WCMC-HD2) to All News as "WRAL News+", airing newscasts from WRAL-TV. The stations will still be the radio home of Durham Bulls baseball.
Translators
WRAL simulcasts its programing on the following translators:
References
External links
WRAL-FM history on RDU Radio Waves
FCC History Cards for WRAL
RAL
Adult contemporary radio stations in the United States
Capitol Broadcasting Company
Radio stations established in 1946
1946 establishments in North Carolina
Terningskarvet Mountain () is a large complex mountain just east of Mayr Ridge, forming the southeast portion of the Gjelsvik Mountains in Queen Maud Land. Mapped by Norwegian cartographers from surveys and air photos by Norwegian-British-Swedish Antarctic Expedition (NBSAE) (1949–52) and by Norwegian Antarctic Expedition (1958–59) and named Terningskarvet (the die mountain).
Mountains of Queen Maud Land
Princess Martha Coast
Franz Dumser (15 September 1903 – 18 March 1982) was an Austrian footballer. They played in two matches for the Austria national football team from 1925 to 1926.
References
External links
1903 births
1982 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
1. Simmeringer SC players
Association footballers not categorized by position
Orange County Fair may refer to any of several large fairs throughout the United States:
Orange County Fair (California)
Orange County Fair (New York)
Orange County Fair (Virginia)
The Second Mile was a nonprofit organization for underprivileged youth, providing help for at-risk children and support for their parents in Pennsylvania. It was founded in 1977 by Jerry Sandusky, a then-Penn State assistant college football coach. The charity said its youth programs served as many as 100,000 children annually. The organization has since ceased operations after Sandusky was charged and found guilty of child sex abuse.
Early work and praise
The Second Mile grew, serving about 20,000 kids in 1989 to more than 300,000 in 2010. U.S. President George H. W. Bush praised the group as a "shining example" of charity work in a 1990 letter, one of that president's much-promoted "A Thousand points of light" encouragements to volunteer community organizations. Citing Sandusky's work with The Second Mile charity to provide care for foster children, then U.S. Senator Rick Santorum honored Sandusky with an angel in Adoption award in 2002. As of November 4, 2011, when charges were filed against Sandusky, Eagles former head coach Dick Vermeil and then-head coach Andy Reid, former Phillies owner R.R.M. Carpenter, III, Matt Millen from ESPN, actor Mark Wahlberg, golfer Arnold Palmer, and football players Jack Ham and Franco Harris, among others, were shown on the charity's website as serving on its Honorary Board. Questions were soon raised about how closely if at all the listed members were involved. Wahlberg stated that they had made some donations but was unaware of being listed as an honorary board member, and Cal Ripken Jr. was reported to have been only marginally involved with the charity and asked for their name to be removed; the entire list was removed from the organization's website a few days later.
Revenue and major donors
The Second Mile had three offices in Pennsylvania, with headquarters in the municipality of State College, Pennsylvania. The charity's revenue, primarily from donations and fundraisers such as golf tournaments, was $3 million in 2009. Major companies and foundations that have given to The Second Mile include Bank of America, BNY Mellon, the Hershey Company, Merck, State Farm, Sheetz, U.S. Steel Corp., PepsiCo, Frito-Lay, local Walmarts and newspapers. The charity's president for 28 years, Jack Raykovitz (who resigned when Sandusky was charged), had earned $133,000 in 2009, while their wife and longtime Second Mile executive vice-president, Katherine Genovese, received $100,000 for their duties that same year.
The Second Mile child sex abuse scandal
The Second Mile's Founder, Jerry Sandusky, was arrested on charges of child sexual abuse in November 2011. In June 2012, they were found guilty on 45 of the 48 counts against him. Sandusky met all of the victims through The Second Mile. After the initial charges, Angels in Adoption rescinded its earlier 2002 award to Sandusky for their work with The Second Mile "in light of the serious allegations against him, and to preserve the integrity of the Angels in Adoption program."
Jack Raykovitz, the longtime president and CEO of The Second Mile, announced their resignation on November 14. Under new management, the charity told The New York Times on November 18, 2011 that it was preparing to fold, with plans to transfer some programs to other charities. An attorney for one of Sandusky's victims filed suit to prevent the transfer of assets, and the charity soon thereafter made an announcement asking potential donors to instead give to the Pennsylvania Coalition Against Rape; programs were expected to continue at least through the end of the year. On May 25, 2012, interim CEO David Woodle announced the organization had requested court approval to transfer its programs and remaining assets to Arrow Child & Family Ministries, after which The Second Mile would cease operations. In 2016, a judge ruled in favor of allowing the charity to dissolve.
References
External links
Organizations established in 1977
Youth organizations based in Pennsylvania
Non-profit organizations based in Pennsylvania
1977 establishments in Pennsylvania
2016 disestablishments in Pennsylvania
Organizations disestablished in 2016
Ali Khan is a serving brigadier in Pakistan Army who was arrested in May 2011 for links with banned Islamist organisation Hizb ut-Tahrir. According to CNN they were the senior most Pakistani officer to face such allegations since 1995. Their arrest raised suspicions of infiltration by Islamic fundamentalists into the senior officer corps of Pakistani Army.
Background
HuT has been banned in Pakistan since 2004. HuT has long been accused of trying to infiltrate Pakistan's military and in the aftermath of the American raid that killed Osama bin-Laden it distributed pamphlets near Pakistani military bases calling on officers to overthrow the government and establish an Islamic caliphate. Two other Pakistani army officers were court-martialed in 2010 for links with Hizb ut-Tahrir.
Career
Khan belonged to Punjab had joined the army in 1979 and had a distinguished career. At the time of their arrest Khan had been in the army for 32 years during which time they had served with United Nations Protection Force in Bosnia, did a company commander's course in Japan and an alumnus of US Command and General Staff College Fort Leavenworth and was about to retire. Khan was also a graduate of the Industrial College of the Armed forces, one of the senior service colleges that is part of the National Defense University. Khan's father was a Junior Commissioned Officer, their brother is a colonel, Their both sons and son-in-law are captains in Pakistan army. Khan had been a vocal critic of the US raid that killed Osama bin Laden and had raised questions at a meeting of Pakistani generals. They had previously criticised General Pervez Musharraf for their support to America and their promotion to major general was blocked. At the time of arrest they were the oldest brigadier in Pakistani army having been rejected for promotion repeatedly. After the arrest Khans wife stated that they were a man with an ideology and a staunch Muslim who believed "Pakistan was made in the name of Islam and the Islamic laws should be enforced. This is the ideology of Pakistan." They had grown their beard about a year prior to their arrest.
Arrest
Khan was serving at the general headquarters of Pakistani army in Rawalpindi at the time of their arrest on 6 May 2011. The arrest was announced on 21 June 2011. Pakistan Army spokesperson Major general Athar Abbas claimed that there was compelling evidence against Khan. According to BBC General Ashfaq Parvez Kayani had personally ordered their arrest after examining evidence against Khan. However, on 28 June 2011 it was reported that Brigadier Khan was to be released soon as not enough evidence had been found to formally charge him. From their prison cell, Khan released a six-page manifesto calling for Pakistan to sever its anti-terrorism alliance with the United States.
References
Pakistan Army officers
Living people
Pakistani Islamists
Year of birth missing (living people)
K
Pakistani prisoners and detainees
0 series or 0-series may refer to:
0 Series Shinkansen, a Japanese train series
Zero batch, pre-production run in product manufacturing
Zero (Italian TV series), an Italian drama
Zero (Singaporean TV series), a 2004 drama
See also
O series (disambiguation)
1 series (disambiguation)
A series (disambiguation)
The Mackenzie Valley Pipeline, also called the Mackenzie River Pipeline, was a proposed project to transport natural gas from the Beaufort Sea through Canada's Northwest Territories to tie into gas pipelines in northern Alberta. The project was first proposed in the early 1970s but was scrapped following an inquiry conducted by Justice Thomas Berger. The project was resurrected in 2004 with a new proposal to transport gas through the sensitive arctic tundra. Probabilistic estimates of hydrocarbons in the Mackenzie Delta and Beaufort Sea regions project that there are natural gas reserves of . After many delays, the project was officially abandoned in 2017 by the main investment partners citing natural gas prices and the long regulatory process.
History
The prospect of a pipeline bringing the natural gas to North American energy markets was originally analyzed in the 1970s with the Mackenzie Valley Pipeline Inquiry. During that inquiry, Justice Berger heard testimony from diverse groups with an interest in the pipeline. The inquiry was notable for the voice it gave to the First Peoples whose traditional territory the pipeline would traverse. Berger stated that a pipeline should be postponed for 10 years, estimating that it would take this long for land claims to be settled and for First Peoples to be ready for the impact of such a project. Before the Trudeau government could act on Berger's report, it was defeated at the polls in 1979. The short-lived government of Joe Clark also failed to act on the report. When the Liberal government was re-elected in 1980, it approved construction of an oil pipeline from Norman Wells to Zama, Alberta, through Dehcho territory where land claims have yet to be settled.
Exploration continued at a steady pace and by 1995 there were over 1,900 wells above the 60th parallel. In addition, aboriginal groups settled numerous land claims. The Inuvialuit settled the first land claim in 1984, followed by the Sahtu and Gwichʼin. By the late 1990s, companies once again seriously considered a pipeline. The Canadian government sold mineral claim rights, leading to C$400 million in bids and over C$1 billion in work commitments.
With the first wave of land claims settled, negotiations began between oil and gas companies and local aboriginal groups. These negotiations proved successful in October 2001, when ConocoPhillips, Shell, ExxonMobil, and Imperial Oil signed a Memorandum of Understanding with the Aboriginal Pipeline Group. The APG was formed to represent the Inuvialuit, Sahtu, and Gwichʼin. The Memorandum of Understanding offered the APG a financial stake in the pipeline.
On June 19, 2003 the Aboriginal Pipeline Group, and TransCanada Corp. signed an agreement giving the aboriginal groups of the Northwest Territories one-third ownership of the pipeline project.
On 11 March 2011, the Mackenzie Valley pipeline was granted federal cabinet approval. The National Energy Board granted a Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity.
By 2016, the projected cost of the pipeline had grown to almost $16 billion. Despite the fact that a consortium of companies had permits that allowed them to build until 2022, due to a combination of factors such as the growing extraction of cheaper natural gas sources in North America and the regulatory approval far outpacing the expected timeline, the joint-venture partnership lead by Imperial Oil announced the abandonment of the project in 2017.
Technical description
The capacity of the pipeline is predicted to be . It will be long and the cost of the project is estimated at C$16.2 billion. As of mid-March, 2007, revised cost and schedule information included C$3.5 billion for the gas-gathering system, C$7.8 billion for the pipeline, and C$4.9 billion to other economic growth projects planned for three gas field sites in the Mackenzie River delta. 2010, and also 2014 at the earliest, are current production and start-up milestones published for printed newsletters and on-line webpage articles of the pipeline project.
Route
The pipeline would go south through the Mackenzie Valley to Fort Simpson and then continue south to Alberta. Once in Alberta, the pipeline would feed into the existing pipeline infrastructure.
Pipeline consortium
The pipeline consortium consists of Imperial Oil (34.4%), The Aboriginal Pipeline Group (33.3%), ConocoPhillips Canada (North) Limited (15.7%), Shell Canada Limited (11.4%) and ExxonMobil Canada Properties (5.2%). A notable feature of the current proposal is the participation of First Nations through the Aboriginal Pipeline Group. The APG has the opportunity to acquire a one third interest in the pipeline. Four oil companies: Imperial Oil of Canada, ConocoPhillips Canada (North) Limited, Shell Canada Limited and ExxonMobil Canada Properties, hold the interest in the oil fields, a gathering plant at Inuvik, a liquids pipeline from the facility near Inuvik, to Norman Wells and a two-thirds interest in the pipeline.
TransCanada Corp. does not have a direct stake in the project but is earning a share in the line through financial support for the Aboriginal Pipeline Group. There are speculations that the company was poised to take control of the project.
Environmental concerns
The pipeline project has raised concerns by environmental groups. The Boreal Forest Conservation Framework calls for protection of fifty percent of the of boreal forest (of which the Mackenzie Valley is a part) in Canada's north. Groups such as the World Wildlife Fund of Canada are pointing out that in the Northwest Territories' Mackenzie Valley, only five of the 16 ecoregions that are directly intersected by the proposed major gas pipeline or adjacent hydrocarbon development areas are reasonably represented by protected areas.
The Sierra Club of Canada opposed the pipeline due to its perceived environmental impacts such as fragment intact of boreal forests along the Mackenzie River and damage of habitat for species such as Woodland Caribou and Grizzly bear. Sierra Club also argues that Mackenzie gas is slated to fuel further development of Alberta's Oil sands, which they claim produces the most damaging type of oil for the global atmosphere, through another pipeline to Fort McMurray. The Pembina Institute argues that carbon dioxide from the Mackenzie gas project and the fuel's end use would push Canada's greenhouse gas emissions 10% further away from its Kyoto Protocol commitment.
Relation to other projects
Although some consider the Mackenzie Valley Pipeline to be in competition with the Alaskan Natural Gas Pipeline, the two projects will access different natural gas fields. While the Alaska pipeline will access gas fields in Alaska's North Slope, the Mackenzie Gas Project will provide North America with access to Canadian Arctic gas from the Beaufort Sea and Mackenzie Delta. Construction of the Mackenzie Gas Project will also create a major trunk line through NWT which will make it feasible to tap into additional natural gas fields on the NWT mainland, which are currently stranded. Mackenzie will connect with Alberta's existing and extensive pipeline infrastructure, which will allow distribution across Canada and to most major U.S. markets.
In light of Canadian and U.S. policies aimed at shifting to cleaner fuel sources and reducing reliance on oil imported from overseas, it is anticipated that North American natural gas demand will steadily grow in the future. It is therefore expected that both the Mackenzie Gas Project and the Alaska Gas Pipeline will be required in order to meet continental energy demands.
Economics
When the pipeline project was revived, North American gas prices were high, peaking at in December 2005, but by the time it had been approved prices had dropped to , as a result of a gas glut in the United States because of increased shale gas production. That puts the economics of the project in doubt.
References
External links
Project website
Environment of Canada
Economy of the Northwest Territories
Economy of Alberta
Natural gas pipelines in Canada
Proposed pipelines in Canada
Transport buildings and structures in the Northwest Territories
History of the Inuvialuit Settlement Region
The recurrent artery of Heubner, Heubner's artery or distal medial striate artery is an artery in the head. It is named after the German paediatrician Otto Heubner. It is a branch of the anterior cerebral artery. Its vascular territory is the anteromedial section of the caudate nucleus and the anterioinferior section of the internal capsule, as well as parts of the putamen and septal nuclei.
Structure
The recurrent artery of Heubner is a branch of the anterior cerebral artery. It has a mean diameter of 0.8 mm, and a mean length of 2.4 mm. It is also known together with the lenticulostriate arteries as a striate artery. The lenticulostriate arteries arise from the middle cerebral artery.
Variation
The recurrent artery of Heubner usually arises from the A1-A2 junction (between 44% and 62% of the time), but may arise from the proximal A2 segment (between 23% and 43%), or more rarely from the A1 segment (maybe up to 14% of the time).
The recurrent artery of Heubner has a very variable diameter and length. It varies in width from 0.2 mm to 1.3 mm. It varies in length between 0.9 mm and 3.8 mm.
Function
The recurrent artery of Heubner supplies the anteromedial section of the caudate nucleus and the anterioinferior section of the internal capsule, as well as parts of the putamen and septal nuclei.
Clinical significance
The recurrent artery of Heubner may become obstructed. This may cause infarction in those subcortical areas and thus hemiparesis. More proximal portions of the artery may cause spastic paraparesis and sensory loss contralateral to the lesioned side. Urinary incontinence and gait apraxia may also occur. Occlusive damage to Heubner's artery may also present with contralateral grip reflex issues, and symptoms of frontal lobe disorder. Contralateral gaze preference with or without transcortical motor aphasia may present in instances where the left hemisphere is affected in this type of occlusion.
History
The recurrent artery of Heubner is named after the German paediatrician Otto Heubner.
References
Arteries of the head and neck
Cerebrum
Alvin O'Neal McBean (born May 15, 1938) is a former professional baseball player from the United States Virgin Islands. They played in Major League Baseball as a pitcher, most notably for the Pittsburgh Pirates with whom they played the majority of their career.
St. Thomas tryouts
McBean grew up playing baseball in their native Virgin Islands. They were discovered when the Pittsburgh Pirates held a tryout in St. Thomas in . Originally only there to take pictures for a local paper, McBean was convinced by friends to try out, and ended up receiving an invite to Spring training .
Breaking in with the Pirates
After three seasons in the Pirates' farm system, in which they went 28-21 with a 3.57 earned run average, McBean made their major league debut on July 2, in the first game of a doubleheader against the San Francisco Giants at Forbes Field. Entered a tied game, the first batter they faced, Ed Bailey, reached on an error by second baseman Bill Mazeroski. A double, wild pitch & single later, the Giants had plated two runs. A four run eighth inning by the Pirates spared McBean from taking the loss in their major league debut.
In their next 6 appearances, McBean pitched 10.2 innings without surrendering a run, and earning the first two wins of their career. Their first career start also came against the Giants on September 11. They allowed three earned runs over nine innings, and left with the game tied for the no-decision. For the season, they went 3-2 with a 3.75 ERA & 49 strikeouts.
McBean was converted into a full-time starting pitcher in , and won their first three decisions. They finished with a 15-10 record & 3.70 ERA over the full season.
Latino All-Star
They were 2-1 with a 3.46 ERA when they were converted into a reliever in May . They were dominant in that role, going 11-2 with a 2.12 ERA and earning eleven saves out of the bullpen. After the season, they joined Roberto Clemente's National League Latino All-stars for a game at the Polo Grounds on October 12. McBean followed Juan Marichal's four scoreless innings pitched with four scoreless of their own, and drove in a run with a sixth inning triple to lead the NL to a 5-2 victory.
Sporting News Fireman of the Year
McBean was even more dominant in . Following a June 27 victory over the Cincinnati Reds, McBean was 3-0 with an 0.69 ERA & eight saves. They earned 21 saves over the season, which was good enough for second place in the NL (to the Houston Colt .45s' Hal Woodeshick). Coupled with their 8-3 record, they were named The Sporting News' NL Fireman of the Year. They were again one of the NL's top relievers in , going 6-6 with a 2.29 ERA & 19 saves.
With Roy Face returning in from an injury plagued 1965 season, they resumed the closer role. Meanwhile, manager Harry Walker relegated McBean to mop up duty. They appeared in 32 of the Pirates' 70 losses; the Pirates were 15-32 in games they appeared.
Return to starting
Walker was fired midway through the season, and replaced by their predecessor, Danny Murtaugh. At the time, McBean was 2-1 with a 3.04 ERA & four saves. After sixteen appearances out of the bullpen for Murtaugh, McBean was returned to the starting rotation. They went 4-1 with a 2.11 ERA & five complete games in seven starts for the manager they broke into the big leagues with. They went 9-12 with a 3.58 ERA in .
1968 Major League Baseball expansion draft
McBean was the 50th player selected in the 1968 Major League Baseball expansion draft by the San Diego Padres. They made just one appearance with the Padres before being dealt to the Los Angeles Dodgers for shortstop Tommy Dean & pitcher Leon Everitt. Again a reliever, McBean went 2-6 with a 3.91 ERA & four saves out of the Dodgers' bullpen. After just one inning pitched with the Dodgers in , McBean was released, and they returned to Pittsburgh. They would make seven appearances, all in relief, before their May 18 release. They would pitch in the Philadelphia Phillies' system into the season before retiring.
Career statistics
McBean was a decent hitting pitcher. They had three career home runs, one of which came in their second career at bat. They also hit a grand slam off the St. Louis Cardinals' Larry Jaster.
Personal life
On August 27, 1962, McBean married Olga Santos Negron of Playa de Ponce, whom they had met the previous winter, while pitching in the Puerto Rican Winter League. Their Pirates roommate Roberto Clemente served as best man while the bride was given away by 42-year-old rookie reliever Diomedes Olivo. Upon retirement, McBean returned to the Virgin Islands, and joined the St. Thomas Housing, Parks & Recreation Department. Moving up to deputy commissioner, they chartered the Little League program & beautification projects. They also have a landscaping business. They also opened the Alvin McBean Recreation Complex on St. Thomas.
References
External links
1938 births
Living people
Major League Baseball pitchers
Pittsburgh Pirates players
San Diego Padres players
Los Angeles Dodgers players
Major League Baseball players from the United States Virgin Islands
Clinton Pirates players
Salem Rebels players
Wilson Tobs players
Savannah Pirates players
Columbus Jets players
Eugene Emeralds players
People from Saint Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands
Ab To Aaja Saajan Mere is a 1994 Indian Bollywood film produced and directed by Rakesh Nahata. It stars Arvind Joshi and Shalini Kapoor
.
Cast
Arvind Joshi... Mahenga
Shailini Kapoor... Ganga
Roma Manik... Jamuna D. Singh
Arvind Rathod... Ramdas
Suresh Varma... Shyamkumar 'Shyam' V. Singh
Soundtrack
"Ab To Aaja Sajan" - N/A
"Jab Tak Hai Dum" - Shabbir Kumar
"Khul Gaya Kajra" - Shabbir Kumar
"Odhni Odhu Toh" - N/A
External links
1990s Hindi-language films
1994 films
Films scored by Anand–Milind
Nancy Clark Reynolds (June 26, 1927 – May 23, 2022) was an American television journalist who went on to become a press secretary for Ronald Reagan and was a founder of the Washington, D.C. lobbying firm Wexler, Reynolds, Harrison & Schule.
Early life
Reynolds was born in Ocatello, a small city in southeast Idaho. Them father, David Worth Clark, was a lawyer who went on to become a U.S. Senator from Idaho and their mother, Virgil Irwin Clark, was a homemaker.
They studied at high school in Washington and later, English at Goucher College, in Maryland, graduating in 1945.
Career
Reynolds worked as a reporter for a Baltimore TV station, WBAL. They worked as the host of a daytime talk show in Boise after divorcing Wurzberger. A few years later they moved to San Francisco, California and eventually joined Governor Reagan's staff. They worked as an assistant press secretary and then as a special assistant for Reagan. In 1981, President Reagan named them the U.S. representative to the United Nations Commission on the Status of Women.
In 1985, Reynolds served as co-chair of the U.S. delegation to the U.N. Decade for Women World Conference in Nairobi.
They worked for the building materials company, Boise Cascade, as its head of government relations. Later, they held the same job for the manufacturer Bendix until 1983. They worked for six months in 1980 on Reagan's White House transition team. They started the lobbying firm along with Anne Wexler in 1983. I partners at the lobbying group included, apart from Wexler, Robert Schule, a former Carter aide, and Gail Harrison, who had been Vice President Walter Mondale's chief domestic-policy adviser. The clients of the lobbying group included General Motors, American Airlines, and MCI Communications.
Personal life
Reynolds married Bill Wurzberger and had three children with him. They were divorced in 1961. They later married and divorced Frank Reynolds, a journalist, Republican campaign aide and lobbyist. Reynolds died on May 23, 2022 at their home in Santa Fe, New Mexico, at the age of 94, survived by their partner Bob Kemble.
Events
They had spent time with the paleoanthropologist Richard Leakey in Africa. They had dated J. D. Salinger and Jack Valenti.
References
1927 births
2022 deaths
20th-century American journalists
American women journalists
Reagan administration personnel
Carl C. Pope (July 22, 1834 – February 23, 1911) was an American lawyer, legislator, and jurist. A Republican, they were most notable for their service in the Wisconsin State Assembly and Wisconsin State Senate.
Biography
Pope was born Carlos Carpenter Pope in Washington, Vermont on July 22, 1834, the son of Ralph Pope and Mary (Richardson) Pope. They were educated in the schools of Washington and studied at Green Mountain Liberal Institute in South Woodstock, Vermont. They then studied law with Jefferson P. Kidder of Randolph, Vermont and in 1856 they were admitted to the bar in Chelsea, Vermont.
Soon after becoming an attorney, Pope relocated to Black River Falls, Wisconsin. Originally a Democrat, Pope supported the Union during the American Civil War and changed their political affiliation to Republican. In addition to practicing law in Black River Falls, among the offices in which Pope served were District Attorney of Jackson County (1857-1861, 1876-1878) and county judge (1872-1873).
Pope served in the Wisconsin State Assembly in 1862 and 1863, and was head of the Assembly's committee on federal relations. They were a delegate to the 1864 National Union National Convention, where Republicans and pro-Union Democrats nominated Abraham Lincoln for a second term as president and selected Andrew Johnson as their vice presidential running mate. In 1864 and 1865 Pope served in the Wisconsin State Senate, and they were appointed chair of the Senate judiciary committee. They served in the state Assembly again from 1877 to 1878, and was chair of the judiciary committee.
In addition to their professional and political activities, Pope was active as a Freemason. They were a member of the Black River Lodge of Ancient Free and Accepted Masons, the Black River Chapter of the Royal Arch Masons, and the Fort Winnebago Commandery of the Knights Templar in Portage, Wisconsin. They served as master of the Black River Lodge, and was the first high priest of the Black River Chapter.
Death and burial
Pope died of pneumonia in Black River Falls on February 23, 1911. They were buried at Riverside Cemetery in Black River Falls.
Family
In 1859, Pope married Ellen M. Hitchcock of West Troy, New York. They were the parents of two children, Ralph C. Pope studied law in their father's office and became city clerk of Black River Falls. Eugenia Pope was the wife of Edgar A. LeClair.
References
External links
1834 births
1911 deaths
People from Black River Falls, Wisconsin
People from Washington, Vermont
Vermont lawyers
Wisconsin lawyers
Wisconsin Democrats
Wisconsin Republicans
County officials in Wisconsin
Wisconsin state court judges
Wisconsin state senators
Members of the Wisconsin State Assembly
19th-century American judges
19th-century American lawyers
The 11th Congress of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union was held during 27 March – 2 April 1922 in Moscow. The congress was attended by 522 with a casting vote alongside 165 with consultative vote, and elected the 11th Central Committee.
The main purpose of the congress was to review the results of the New Economic Policy that was decided in the 10th Congress. As a result, the congress concluded that the capitalist mixed economy in the Soviet Union would need to come to an end. This led them to resolve that the trade unions were to be given more power in both the economy and politics.
Background
During the 11th Congress, Leon Trotsky attacked Sergey Ivanovich Gusev and Mikhail Frunze over Red Army policies, specifically matters of discipline, political doctrine, and relations with the peasantry. Trotsky lost the debate, which resulted in a discrediting of civilian critics of the Red Army. As a result, civilians were increasingly locked out of military-related resolutions following the 11th Congress.
The most far-reaching event was the appointment of Joseph Stalin as the party's first General Secretary. Bukharin and Rykov were promoted to the Politburo.
The main organs that been presented in the session, Lenin declared that the retreat—the concessions to private-economic capitalism—has been completed, a link with the peasant economy is being established, the alliance between the working class and the peasantry has been strengthened, and economic achievements are evident. They put forward a new task: first, to halt the economic retreat and regroup forces to attack the capitalist elements provided to its limits of tolerance for capitalism in the conditions of the transitional period were established and tested in practice, the expansion of the scope for the development of capitalism in a diversified economy had halt necessary to gradually involve the peasant masses in building socialism on the basis of the wide use of trade and commodity-money relations.
They also pointed out that, every member of the ruling Bolsheviks how to manage and prove that the communists know how to manage the economy better than the capitalists. Lenin put forward the slogan "learn to trade" and called on the communists to improve the organization of the management of the national economy and raise culture. They sharply criticized arrogance, covering up mistakes and shortcomings; emphasised the need for the correct selection and placement of personnel, the organization of a systematic verification of performance.
The congress approved the political and organizational line of the Central Committee and indicated in the resolution that the concessions made to private-economic capitalism have been exhausted and the next task is to regroup the party forces with the aim of launching an offensive against the western elements. The resolution cleated out the distinction in the work of party and Soviet bodies, drew attention to the increased role of the All-Russian Central Executive Committee and local Soviets as practical leaders of economic life.
Having approved the activities of the representatives of the CPUSSR in the ECCI, the congress fully agreed with the tactics of the united front pursued by the Comintern. Particular attention was given to enhancing the role of trade unions under the NEP. They must become the closest and indispensable employees of the state power in all its political and economic activities. In the resolution on financial policy, measures were developed to strengthen the exchange rate of the ruble, increase state income, stabiliSe prices, etc. The resolution “On Work in the Countryside” condemned attempts at administrative pressure on agricultural institutions and cooperation. The main task of party work in the countryside was recognised as providing practical assistance to the peasantry in increasing agricultural production.
Much attention at the congress was devoted to raising the theoretical and ideological level of the communists, improving the qualitative composition of the party, and strengthening its ranks. The conditions for admission to the party were changed: it was difficult for "uncleanly proletarian elements" to join its ranks.
The congress finally approved the resolution of the XI All-Russian Conference of the RCP coded "On the question of strengthening the party, in connection with the experience of checking its personnel." In its resolution on the issue of the Red Army, the congress recognized the need to continue work to increase its combat effectiveness.
The final report was heard from the commission created by the congress, which considered the question of some members of the former "workers' opposition" which, contrary to the decision of the tenth congress in 1921 on the liquidation of all factions, continued factional activities. On the eve of the congress, they addressed the Comintern with a statement in which they set out their point of view on the situation in the party and the country, pointing out the departure of the party from the interests of the working class. The congress condemned the activities of the former ruling leaders.
References
External links
Speeches by V. I. Lenin at the Eleventh Congress Of The R.C.P.(B.), Collected Works, 2nd English Edition, Progress Publishers, Moscow, 1965, Volume 33, pages 237-242
Report to the Eleventh Congress of the Russian Communist Party (Bolsheviks), 29 March 1922 by Leon Trotsky; THE MILITARY WRITINGS OF LEON TROTSKY; Volume 4: 1921-1923
Communist Party of the Soviet Union 11
Congress
1922 conferences
March 1922 events
April 1922 events
Emamzadeh Hashem () may refer to:
Emamzadeh Hashem, Rasht, Gilan Province
Emamzadeh Hashem, Amol, Mazandaran Province
Emamzadeh Hashem Shrine, Damavand, Tehran Province
The All-Star Teams for the British Elite Ice Hockey League are voted for by members of Ice Hockey Journalists UK (formerly known as The British Ice Hockey Writers Association), and coaches and general managers of EIHL teams, to honour the best players at the end of each season.
2003–2004
First Team
Second Team
2004–2005
First Team
Second Team
2005–2006
First Team
Second Team
2006–2007
First Team
Second Team
2007–2008
First Team
Second Team
2008–2009
First Team
Second Team
2009–2010
First Team
Second Team
2010–2011
First Team
Second Team
2011–2012
First Team
Second Team
2012–2013
First Team
Second Team
2013–2014
First Team
Second Team
2014–2015
First Team
Second Team
2015–2016
First Team
Second Team
2016–2017
First Team
Second Team
2017–2018
First Team
Second Team
2018–2019
First Team
Second Team
2019–2020
First Team
Second Team
2021–2022
First Team
Second Team
External links
Elite Ice Hockey League
Ice Hockey Journalists UK
Elite Ice Hockey League First Team All Stars
Elite Ice Hockey League Second Team All Stars
All
The 1994 German Open was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 88th edition of the Hamburg Masters and was part of the ATP Championship Series, Single Week category of the 1994 ATP Tour. It took place at the Rothenbaum Tennis Center in Hamburg, Germany, from 2 May through 9 May 1994.
Finals
Singles
Andrei Medvedev defeated Yevgeny Kafelnikov, 6–4, 6–4, 3–6, 6–3
It was Medvedev's 2nd singles title of the year, and their 8th overall.
Doubles
Scott Melville / Piet Norval defeated Henrik Holm / Anders Järryd, 7–6, 6–3
References
External links
ATP tournament profile
Diastylis bidentata is a common benthic crustacean species.
References
Cumacea
Crustaceans described in 1912
Rhoda Ann Roberts (born 1959) is an Australian actor, director and arts executive.
Born in Canterbury Hospital in Sydney in 1959, Bundjalung woman Roberts grew up and completed Year 10 in Lismore, then moved back to Sydney where they qualified as a nurse in 1979.
Roberts co-starred with Rachael Maza and Lydia Miller in Belvoir Street Theatre's 1993 production of Louis Nowra's play Radiance.
They were employed as presenter of Vox Populi, an SBS Television program, in 1990, becoming the first Indigenous Australian to present a prime time current affairs program.
In 1995 they founded the Festival of Dreaming and was its director until 2009.
Roberts has been Head of Indigenous Programming at the Sydney Opera House since 2012.
They were appointed an Officer of the Order of Australia (AO) in the 2016 Queen's Birthday Honours for "distinguished service to the performing arts through a range of leadership and advocacy roles in the development, promotion and presentation of contemporary Indigenous culture". They were honoured with one of the 2017 Centenary Sue Nattrass Awards presented at the 18th Helpmann Awards.
Penny Tweedie's image of Roberts is held by the National Portrait Gallery in Canberra.
References
External links
1960 births
Living people
Bundjalung people
Australian stage actores
Australian theatre directors
Officers of the Order of Australia
20th-century Australian actores
21st-century Australian actores
Australian television actores
Australian film actores
Arvada Flour Mill, also known as Tiller's Moving & Storage, Inc. is a vacant flour mill in Arvada, Colorado, that is or was owned by Tiller's Moving & Storage, Inc. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975. The Arvada Historical Society owns the mill and provides tours of the Arvada Flour Mill Museum by appointment.
It is a three-story building built in 1923 on a concrete and rock foundation, with a full basement, and with a protruding office extension. The machinery in the building was bought from another mill and hence is older.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Jefferson County, Colorado
References
External links
Arvada Historical Society
National Register of Historical Places
Denver Post/YourHub article: Arvada Landmark To Be Restored
Industrial buildings completed in 1923
Buildings and structures in Arvada, Colorado
Grinding mills on the National Register of Historic Places in Colorado
Flour mills in the United States
Grinding mills in Colorado
Mill museums in Colorado
Museums in Jefferson County, Colorado
National Register of Historic Places in Jefferson County, Colorado
Liberia competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia.
Athletics
Men
Track and road events
Women
Track & road events
References
Wallechinsky, David (2004). The Complete Book of the Summer Olympics (Athens 2004 Edition). Toronto, Canada. .
International Olympic Committee (2001). The Results. Retrieved 12 November 2005.
Sydney Organising Committee for the Olympic Games (2001). Official Report of the XXVII Olympiad Volume 1: Preparing for the Games. Retrieved 20 November 2005.
Sydney Organising Committee for the Olympic Games (2001). Official Report of the XXVII Olympiad Volume 2: Celebrating the Games. Retrieved 20 November 2005.
Sydney Organising Committee for the Olympic Games (2001). The Results. Retrieved 20 November 2005.
International Olympic Committee Web Site
Nations at the 2000 Summer Olympics
2000
Oly
Bacon vodka is vodka infused with bacon flavor and the addition of savory flavor to mixed drinks. The infused alcohol can be sipped but is typically used in mixed drinks such as the Bloody Mary or bacon martini.
History and commercial availability
Meat-infused beverages are not new to the cocktail world; one example is the "Bull Shot", a favorite of Ernest Hemingway, at Harry's Bar, in Venice, Italy, in the 1940s. These type of drinks have been referenced by writers as far back as the 17th century, including by John Locke and Samuel Pepys, who imbibed and wrote about savory-infused ales. A handful of bars and mixologists have been making bacon or other meat-infused cocktails for years, including the Double Down Saloon in Las Vegas and New York, which makes a Bacon Martini and Please Don't Tell in New York City, where the Benton's Old Fashioned was introduced in 2008. Smirnoff introduced bacon-flavored shots on a limited basis in selected bars and pubs. Unlike some, these were vegetarian-friendly. Mainstream interest in bacon vodka has been further driven by a pop-cultural interest in bacon, often called bacon mania.
In April 2009, Seattle-based Black Rock Spirits released a commercial vodka with a simulated bacon flavor, named "Bakon Vodka". Bakon contains no actual bacon or animal product of any kind, and is vegetarian. Following the trend, Heritage Distilling Company of Roslyn, Washington produced a bacon vodka that is, like Bakon, vegetarian, though distilled from grapes instead of potato.
Homemade versions
Bacon-flavored spirit infusions can be made by adding liquid rendered bacon fat, stirring, freezing and then removing the solidified fat off the top. The process is known as 'fat-washing'.
See also
Bacon soda
BLT cocktail
Mitch Morgan
2010s in food
References
External links
Bakon Vodka
Bacon vodka recipe
American vodkas
Bacon drinks
2010s in food
The 1981 Labatt Brier curling championship was held from March 1 to 8 at the Halifax Metro Centre in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
Kerry Burtnyk of Manitoba defeated Al Hackner of Northern Ontario to win their first Brier title. Burtnyk became the youngest skip to win the Brier, at 22 years and 4 months old.
Teams
Round robin standings
Round robin results
Draw 1
Draw 2
Draw 3
Draw 4
Draw 5
Draw 6
Draw 7
Draw 8
Draw 9
Draw 10
Draw 11
Draw 12
Draw 13
Draw 14
Draw 15
Tiebreakers
Round 1
Round 2
Playoffs
Semifinal
Final
References
Labatt Brier
1981
Curling in Nova Scotia
Sport in Halifax, Nova Scotia
Labatt Brier
Labatt Brier
Baltic Film, Media and Arts School of Tallinn University (BFM) is a film and media school created in 2005 (as Baltic Film and Media School) as a college of Tallinn University, one of the biggest educational institutions in Estonia.
BFM offers a wide-based education in an international environment. The study programmes offer tools and skills for working on various positions in film production, TV, new media, communication, choreography, art and music.
BFM provides students with free shooting and post-production equipment, studio space and production support for their creative works, supervised by established professionals from the audiovisual industry.
The school is situated in Tallinn, the capital of Estonia and the European Capital of Culture in 2011.
Programs
BFM offers programs at the Bachelor's, Master's and PhD level, in Estonian and English.
BFM Training
BFM Training is the Baltic Film, Media and Arts School's training unit that offers tailor-made trainings and productions that correspond to the profiled needs of clients. Working languages: English, Estonian, Russian, Finnish.
Equipment and Room Rental
BFM offers the opportunity for people and organizations outside the school to rent the school's shooting equipment and editing rooms for commercial productions. The school has several production and editing rooms for rent: a 161 m² film soundstage, a 112 m² television studio with the service areas, a cinema hall, two sound mixing rooms, 3 sound editing rooms, 8 editing rooms and an 18-seat Apple IMac based computer lab with central SAN media storage. Information about booking.
Notable alumni
Sass Henno, Estonian screenwriter
Kullar Viimne, Estonian director, screenwriter and cinematographer
Erik Norkroos, Estonian filmmaker
Tanel Toom, Estonian Oscar nominated director and screenwriter
Notable academic staff
Tiina Lokk, Estonian filmmaker
Riho Västrik, Estonian documentarian, journalist and historian
Taavi Varm, Estonian artist
Arvo Iho, Estonian cinematographer
References
BFM website
External links
Tallinn University website
Film schools in Estonia
Educational institutions established in 2005
2005 establishments in Estonia
Education in Tallinn
The 1958 Western Kentucky Hilltoppers football team represented Western Kentucky State College (now known as Western Kentucky University) as a member of the Ohio Valley Conference (OVC) during the 1958 NCAA College Division football season. Led by second-year head coach Nick Denes, the Hilltoppers compiled an overall record of 4–5 with a mark of 2–4 in conference play, tying for fifth place in the OVC. The team's captains were Rod Bagby and Jim "Yogi" Hardin.
Schedule
References
Western Kentucky
Western Kentucky Hilltoppers football seasons
Western Kentucky Hilltoppers football
Eleja manor house (German: Herrenhaus Elley) is the name of the ruins of a destroyed manor house, manor complex buildings and the surrounding English landscape garden. It is located in Eleja, Latvia.
During its 19th-century heyday the manor house was part of a property that included a well-kept park, 19 buildings (a brewery, stables, a wind mill, brick and lime kilns) ponds and 1500 hectares of farmland and forests.
History
From 1583 Eleja lands belonged to Georg von Tiesenhausen from the noble Tiesenhausen family. A wooden manor house was built by the Eleja river. After the death of Johann Friedrich von Tiesenhausen in 1716, the manor was inherited by their sister Amalie von Behr. After the death of Johann Ulrich von Behr (1716-1753), the manor was purchased in by the Count Johann Friedrich von Medem who paid 135 000 florins for it. They built a new Rococo style manor house here. Their daughter's Dorothea von Medem's marriage to the Duke of Courland Peter von Biron in 1779 further elevated von Medems' standing among the local nobles.
After the death of Johann in 1785, Eleja was inherited by their youngest son Christoph Johann von Medem. After many years of service in Kingdom of Prussia and Russian Empire, their attention returned to Eleja. In 1799 they married Maria Louise Elisabeth, daughter of Peter von der Pahlen, a favorite of emperor Paul I of Russia.
After incorporation of Courland into the Russian empire, von Medems retained their properties and from 1806 until 1810 Christoph Johann von Medem built the Eleja manor house. The building was designed by the famous architect Giacomo Quarenghi and after some design changes built by Johann Georg Adam Berlitz in a neoclassical style. Eleja manor style was influential in building Mežotne Palace and Kazdanga palace, both of which survive to our days.
After the death of Johann von Medem, Eleja was inherited by their oldest son Paul. After their death in 1854, Eleja was inherited by their brother Peter and in 1877 by their son Johann, who died in 1883 without leaving children. Eleja was inherited by Paul, who was the son of Christoph Johann von Medem's fourth son Theodore. Paul earned good money by raising horses and opening a brewery, which made them a profit of 100 000 roubles per year.
The manor house and most of the surrounding buildings were burned down by the retreating Russian army in July 1915. Von Medems spent some summers in the guest wing that was the least damaged. Paul von Medem left Latvia forever in 1918 and in 1939 died in Germany.
During the 1920 Latvia agrarian reform the 1586 ha of manor's land was divided among 150 farmers, and the main manor house buildings given to Eleja municipality. Medems were left with 50 ha of land and a servant's house, which they soon sold. Some of the remaining buildings were used as a school and theatre.
During the late 1920s there were some ideas about restoring the manor house, but the project was financially unfeasible. In 1926 Eleja municipality had plans to restore the manor house, but soon changed its mind and in 1927 started to demolish it. To prevent this, on July 28, 1927 Eleja manor house was included in the list of state protected monuments. Due to the onset of the Great Depression neither municipality nor the state had money for renovations and on August 16, 1933 state allowed municipality to proceed with the demolition, however, not much was done besides reducing the brewery building from 5 floors to two and using the bricks for a new community center building. In 1954 Eleja manor house once again was included in the list of State protected monuments, but nothing was done to protect or conserve the ruins and they continued to crumble.
Today only a few of the old buildings remain standing. EU funded efforts to renovate the tea house and the arched stone fence were started in 2015. In early 2016 this restoration was finished.
References
External links
Renovation of Eleja Tea house in Latvia
Eleja Manor Building with Park
Eleja manor and park
Photos of Elley
Neoclassical architecture in Latvia
Manor houses in Latvia
Lime kilns in Latvia
Rumsey is a hamlet in southern Alberta, Canada within Starland County. It is located west of Highway 56, approximately southeast of Red Deer.
Demographics
The population of Rumsey according to the 2013 municipal census conducted by Starland County is 64.
See also
List of communities in Alberta
List of former urban municipalities in Alberta
List of hamlets in Alberta
References
Hamlets in Alberta
Former villages in Alberta
Starland County
Populated places disestablished in 1995
Soltan Meydan (, also Romanized as Solţān Meydān and Sultān Maidān) is a village in Sarvelayat Rural District, Sarvelayat District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 865, in 223 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Punjab Assembly Committee on Privileges of Punjab Legislative Assembly is constituted annually for a one year period from among the members of the Assembly.
Functions
The functions of the Committee are explained below.
Appointment
The speaker appoints the committee and its members every year for a one year term according to the powers conferred by Article 208 of the Constitution of India read with section 32 of the States Reorganisation Act, 1956 (37 of 1956), and in pursuance of Rules 232(1) and 2(b) of the Rules of Procedure and Conduct of Business in the Punjab Legislative Assembly.
Members
For the one year period starting May 2022, the Committee on Privileges of 16th Punjab Assembly had the following members:
Chairpersons
Previous members
For the one year period before May 2022, the Committee on Privileges of 15th Punjab Assembly had the following members:
2021–22
2020–21
2019–20
2018–19
2017–18
References
Committees of the Punjab Legislative Assembly
A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | Y | Z
Nadjakov Glacier, Danco Coast
Narechen Glacier, Alexander Island
Narezne Glacier, Loubet Coast
Nauchene Nunatak, Graham Coast
Naiad Lake, Livingston Island
Nebeska Peak, Sentinel Range
Nebush Nunatak, Alexander Island
Nedelya Point, Livingston Island
Nedev Peak, Oscar II Coast
Negovan Crag, Trinity Peninsula
Nell Peak, Sentinel Range
Neofit Peak, Smith Island
Nereid Lake, Greenwich Island
Nesebar Gap, Livingston Island
Nesla Glacier, Graham Coast
Nestinari Nunataks, Livingston Island
Nestorov Island, South Orkney Islands
Nevestino Cove, Robert Island
Nevlya Peak, Greenwich Island
Nevsha Cove, Graham Coast
Nicolai Peak, Alexander Island
Nikola Peak, Sentinel Range
Nikolov Cove, Smith Island
Nikopol Point, Livingston Island
Nikudin Rock, Greenwich Island
Nikyup Point, Trinity Peninsula
Nishava Cove, Rugged Island
Nosei Glacier, Smith Island
Nove Peak, Trinity Peninsula
Nusha Hill, Livingston Island
See also
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica
External links
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer
SCAR Composite Gazetteer of Antarctica
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica with place-name search.
L. Ivanov. Bulgarian toponymic presence in Antarctica. Polar Week at the National Museum of Natural History in Sofia, 2–6 December 2019
Bibliography
J. Stewart. Antarctica: An Encyclopedia. Jefferson, N.C. and London: McFarland, 2011. 1771 pp.
L. Ivanov. Bulgarian Names in Antarctica. Sofia: Manfred Wörner Foundation, 2021. Second edition. 539 pp. (in Bulgarian)
Antarctica
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica
Names of places in Antarctica
Siyavashan Rural District () is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Ashtian County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,610, in 826 families. The rural district has 8 villages.
References
Rural Districts of Markazi Province
Ashtian County
La Más Perfecta Colección is the third greatest hits compilation by Spanish recording artist Mónica Naranjo released on 6 December 2011 through Sony. The album includes most of their hits from their five studio albums and "Enamorada de Ti", which was included on their compilation Colección Privada (2005), and also includes one new track, "Emperatriz de Mis Sueños", which was used as the theme song for the Mexican telenovela Emperatriz. The album also includes a bonus DVD with music videos and live performances from their hits.
Track listing
References
Mónica Naranjo compilation albums
2011 compilation albums
Sony Music compilation albums
Spanish-language compilation albums
Mangoustine (foaled 30 March 2019) is a French Thoroughbred racehorse. As a two-year-old in 2021 they were undefeated in three races including the Listed Criterum de Lyon and the Group 3 Prix Miesque. After sustaining their first defeat when running third on their three-year-old debut they returned to winning form to take the Poule d'Essai des Pouliches.
Background
Mangoustine is a grey (officially "bay") filly bred in France by Ecurie des Monceaux, Lordship Stud & Qatar Bloodstock. In September 2020 the yearling was consigned to the Arqana Deauville Select Sale and was bought for €46,000 by the bloodstock agent David Redvers. The filly was subsequently owned by Ecurie des Monceaux, Qatar Bloodstock and Tony Parker's Infinity Nine Horses. They were sent into training with Frederic Rossi.
They were from the eleventh crop of foals sired by Dark Angel, who won four races including the Mill Reef Stakes and the Middle Park Stakes as a two-year-old in 2007 before being retired to stud at the end of the year. Dark Angel's other offspring have included Lethal Force, Mecca's Angel, Battaash and Harry Angel. Mangoustine's dam Zotilla showed no racing ability, but was a half-sister to Flotilla, who won the Breeders' Cup Juvenile Fillies Turf and the Poule d'Essai des Pouliches. They were descended from Miss Ribot, a mare whose wins included the Santa Ana Stakes in 1969 and who was the female line ancestor of Lethal Force.
Racing career
2021: two-year-old season
Mangoustine began their racing career in a maiden race over 1600 metres on good to soft ground at Deauville Racecourse on 22 August. Ridden by Christophe Soumillon they started the 2.4/1 favourite in a ten-runner field and won by half a length from Albea. A month later, with Soumillon again in the saddle, the filly was stepped up in class and matched against male opposition in the Listed Criterium de Lyon over 1600 metres at Lyons Parilly Racecourse. Racing on soft ground they started the 2.8/1 favourite they won by a length from the colt Toimy Son.
For their final run of the year Mangoustine was dropped back in distance but moved up in class to contest the Group 3 Prix Miesque over 1400 metres at Chantilly Racecourse on 26 October. Ridden by Maxime Guyon they started the 2.3/1 second favourite behind the Prix d'Aumale winner Fleur d'Iris in an eight-runner field which also included the Prix Francois Boutin winner Who Knows. Mangoustine led from the start, accelerated 400 metres from the finish and won by one and a quarter length from Txope. After the race Frederic Rossi said "I suppose I felt a bit of pressure because we've said publicly we feel they are a Group 1 filly so that meant they needed to win. I wanted to bring them back to 1400 metres and I think 1600 metres will be their limit next season... they were clearly very good when they arrived so we've thought a lot of them since last February. But you could see in the parade ring beforehand they still need time and they will make a better three-year-old than a two-year-old."
2022: three-year-old season
For the 2022 season Mangoustine was transferred to the training stable of Mikel Delzangles after Frederic Rossi was reported to be under investigation on charges of doping. On their first appearance as a three-year-old they were partnered by Gerald Mosse when they started the 4.5/1 second favourite Prix de la Grotte on 17 April at Longchamp Racecourse. After racing in mid-division they stayed on well in the closing stages to finish third behind Rosacea and Daisy Maisy.
On 15 May Mangoustine, with Mosse in the saddle, went off at odds of 10.9/1 for the Group 1 Poule d'Essai des Pouliches over 1600 metres at Longchamp. Rosacea started favourite while the other thirteen contenders included Cachet (winner of the 1000 Guineas), Who Knows, Daisy Maisy, Mqse de Sevigne (Prix Vanteaux), Jumbly (Radley Stakes) and Acer Alley (Prix de la Grotte). Mosse settled the filly behind the leader as Cachet set the pace, before moving up to take the lead 200 metres from the finish. Cachet rallied strongly but Mangoustine kept on well to win by a head, with Times Square a short head away in third. After the race Delzangles said "Everyone knew they were a good filly last year and I thought it was a very good comeback run in the Prix de la Grotte. I gave them a quiet build-up to that race and they came on a lot, although it was still a big ask to win the big one... At the end they were able to show them class. A mile looks like their trip... Logically the Coronation Stakes will be next.
Pedigree
Mangoustine is inbred 4 × 4 to Mr Prospector, meaning that this stallion appears twice in the fourth generation of their pedigree.
References
2019 racehorse births
Racehorses bred in France
Racehorses trained in France
Thoroughbred family 21-a
The following page lists all power stations in Austria. For generation of traction current see List of installations for 15 kV AC railway electrification in Germany, Austria and Switzerland, for that of Mariazeller Bahn, see Mariazeller Bahn#Power Supply.
Thermal
Fossil
Nuclear
Renewable
Biomass
Hydroelectric
Wind
See also
List of power stations in Europe
List of the largest power stations in the world
References
Austria
Power stations in Austria
Power stations
The Ural Turbine Works is a power machine building plant that designs, manufactures, and maintains steam turbines of varying capacity. The plant is located in Yekaterinburg. Mikhail Lifshitz is Chairman of the Board of Directors.
History
History of the name
1938–1948 – The Ural Turbine Works
1948–1948 – The Ural Turbine Motor Works
1976–2003 – The Turbine Motor Works
2004 – The Ural Turbine Works
USSR
In September 1936, the Council of Labor and Defense made a decision to build a turbine plant in Sverdlovsk that would supply the navy. The project was approved in 1937, and on October 2, 1938 the Ural Turbine Works (UTW) was founded.
The first unit of UTW's design, a turbo feed pump for power plants, was released in 1940. The plant started their serial production.
In May 1941, UTW released a 12 MW turbine designed for combined heat and power generation (a cogeneration turbine). The manufacture of the first turbine was the pivotal point in the UTW's history. The plant mastered the production of the most powerful steam heating turbine of the time. From that moment on, the plant focused on the production of heat extraction turbines.
During World War II, production facilities evacuated from Leningrad and Kharkov were stationed at the UTW site. The site hosted two plants: Tank Diesel Engine Plant No. 76 (now Ural Diesel Engine Plant) and the Ural Turbine Works.
During the war, UTW was referred to as a “turbine resort,” since it was the only operating turbine plant . The UTW workers has restored and refurbished 32 turbines, as the national power industry was in desperate need of turbine equipment. For instance, the plant actively contributed to the reconstruction of the Donets Basin power stations: a complete AT-25-2 turbine was manufactured for Lysychansk Heat and Power Station (at that time – Severodonetsk State Regional Power Plant). In 1942, the Ural Turbine Works launched production of marine turbines for navy vessels.
Originally, the turbine capacity was 16 MW, and since 1943 the plant began manufacturing TV-6 marine turbines with a capacity of 22 MW. Workers of the Ural Turbine Works were involved in the reconstruction of Black Sea Fleet vessels that took part in the defense of Odessa and Sevastopol.
After the war, an engineering department was established at UTW, and the plant started independently designing turbines with a capacity of 25, 50, and 100 MW.
To meet the demands of the developing gas industry, the plant launched production of gas turbines in the late 1950s. An engineering school was opened at the plant. The first serial gas turbine – GT-6-750 – was produced in 1965.
In the 1960s, the plant was the first in the world to build a T-100 heat turbine with a capacity of 100,000 kW.
In 1966, the plant and its workers were awarded the Lenin Prize for the design, serial production, and introduction of the T-100 turbine to the state economy. The Ural Turbine Works has produced 245 turbines of various modifications of the T-100 family, commissioned over time at 106 Heat and Power Stations and State Regional Power Stations in 13 countries worldwide.
In the 1970s, UTW designed a series of gas utilization compressorless turbines for the iron and steel industry. UTW began supplying the units both to domestic and international metallurgical companies. For the first time in the USSR, gas turbines were awarded the state quality mark.
In 1973, the plant launched industrial production of 250 MW steam cogeneration turbines, the most powerful in the plant's history. Between 1972 and 1992, the Ural Turbine Works has produced 32 of these units for power plants in Moscow, St. Petersburg, Minsk, Kiev, and Kharkov. Nineteen turbines of this kind have been installed in Moscow alone.
Present
In September 2003, the Turbine Motor Works OJSC was reorganized into an independent enterprise: the Ural Turbine Works JSC.
As of 2021, the plant manufactures condensing and cogeneration turbines for steam power plants, steam turbines for combined cycle power units, marine turbines for nuclear-powered vessels, and power island equipment for waste incineration plants. The plant also provides power equipment maintenance and upgrading services.
In 2014, the plant has developed a range of marine turbines for RITM-200 and RITM-400 nuclear reactors on icebreakers.
Every year, UTW brings a new steam turbine design to the market (63 intellectual property patents have been issued to the plant between 2004 and 2020). The key projects include the T-295/335-23.5 power steam turbine, the world's largest cogeneration turbine with a capacity of 335 MW and a heat load of 385 Mkcal/hr; Kp77-6.8 turbine for waste incineration plants with a capacity of 77 MW; power unit of the turbine plant and a set of heat transfer equipment for the new Russian icebreakers of Project 22220: Arctic, Siberia, and Ural.
Between 2018 and 2021, the plant has upgraded three T-100 turbines and the PT-80 unit at the Ulaanbaatar TPP-4 in Mongolia with a capacity of about 600 MW (the station accounts for 68.5% of Mongolia's power generation). In 2015, the project for upgrading the Ulaanbaatar Heat and Power Station #4 was awarded the Altan Gerege Award of the President of Mongolia and the Development Prize of Vnesheconombank in the Best Export Project category.
As of January 2021, the plant has produced 918 steam turbines. 27 countries of the world have chosen UTW equipment for its reliable performance. More than a half of all cogeneration turbines installed at Russian power plants are manufactured by UTW
Products
Steam turbines for steam power plants up to 350 MW
Steam turbines for combined cycle power plants up to 200 MW
Turbines for nuclear-powered vessels
Upgrading and maintenance of steam turbines up to 350 MW produced by the Ural Turbine Works or other manufacturers
Steam turbines for waste incineration plants
Line and regenerative heaters, condensers, ejectors, steel structures
Maintenance and engineering support for operating steam turbines
Awards
USSR State Prize (1951, 1979)
Lenin Prize (1966)
Order of Lenin (1942)
Order of the Red Banner of Labor (1943)
Order of the Red Banner of Labor (1971)
Bibliography
Turbine Motor Works (a photobook) / ed. L. Krasnova – Sverdlovsk: Middle Urals Book Publishers, 1970.
T.I. Efimova, M.A. Ardasheva. Turbine Motor Works: Deeds and People – Sverdlovsk: Middle Urals Book Publishers, 1988 °p. 400.
V.A. Shkerin, A.P. Rastorguev. The Ural Turbine Works: Making Energy for 80 Years – Yekaterinburg, Uralsky Rabochy publishing and printing, 2018
G.D. Barinberg, Yu.M. Brodov, A.A. Goldberg, L.S. Ioffe, V.V. Kortenko, A.Yu. Kultyshev, V.B. Novoselov, Yu.A. Sakhnin, M.Yu. Stepanov, M.V. Shekhter, T.L. Shibaev, A.A. Yamaltdinov. First Turbines and Turbine Plants of the Ural Turbine Works, 3rd edition – Yekaterinburg, Uralsky Rabochy publishing and printing, 2017
A.A. Goldberg, L.S. Ioffe, A.Yu. Kultyshev, Yu.A. Sakhnin, M.Yu. Stepanov, M.V. Shekhter, T.L. Shibaev. Steam Turbines and Turbine Plants of the Ural Turbine Works for Combined Cycle Power Plants – Yekaterinburg, Training and Research Center Ural School of Technology, 2015.
Notes
Russian brands
Soviet brands
Power Machines
Manufacturing companies of the Soviet Union
Electrical engineering companies of Russia
Steam turbine manufacturers
Cultural heritage monuments of regional significance in Sverdlovsk Oblast
Eugene Kornel Balon (Polish: Eugeniusz Kornel Bałon, Czech: Evžen Kornel Balon) (1 August 1930, Orlová – 4 September 2013, Guelph) was a Polish Canadian and Czech zoologist and ichthyologist.
Biography
They went to the Polish High School in Orlová, Zaolzie where they took their A levels in 1949. They graduated from the Charles University in Prague. In the years 1953–1967 they worked in the Slovak Academy of Sciences in Bratislava where they studied the endemic fauna of the Danube. From 1967 to 1967 they were an UN expert in Zambia. After 1976, they were a teacher on the University of Guelph.
Two species of fishes were named after him: Balon's ruffe (Gymnocephalus baloni) and Tilapia baloni.
Publications
Balon, EK, 1979. The theory of saltation and its application in the ontogeny of fishes: steps and thresholds. Environmental Biology of Fishes, 1979, Volume 4, Number 2, Pages 97–101. Online
Balon, EK, 2001. Saltatory Ontogeny and the Life-History Model: Neglected Processes and Patterns of Evolution. Journal of Bioeconomics, 2001, Volume 3, Number 1, Pages 1–26. Online
Balon, EK, 2002. Epigenetic Processes, when Natura Non Facit Saltum Becomes a Myth, and Alternative Ontogenies a Mechanism of Evolution Environmental Biology of Fishes. Volume 65, Number 1, Pages 1–35. Online
Balon, EK, 2004. Evolution by epigenesis: Farewell to Darwinism, Neo-and Otherwise. Rivista di Biologia / Biology Forum 97: 269–312. Online
Further reading
Bałon, Eugeniusz in: /
Obituary at LifeNews.ca
References
1930 births
2013 deaths
People from Orlová
Polish people from Zaolzie
Canadian ichthyologists
Polish ichthyologists
Czechoslovak zoologists
20th-century Canadian zoologists
Polish emigrants to Canada
Czechoslovak emigrants to Canada
Charles University alumni
University of Guelph faculty
Derya Çimen is a Turkish model who was runner-up at the Miss Model Of The World 2009 beauty pageant held in China. They also won the mini award for Best National Costume with a costume designed by Erkan Kara.
Çimen was selected to represent their nation after winning the Miss Model of Turkey pageant in Çeşme. They stand at 183 cm tall and weighs 62 kg.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Turkish beauty pageant winners
Turkish female models
stylized as BanG Dream! Girls Band Party! ☆ PICO and also known as Garupa ☆ Pico, is a Japanese chibi short anime series by Bushiroad. Animated by Sanzigen in collaboration with DMM.futureworks, it is a spin-off of the main BanG Dream! series with characters from the mobile game BanG Dream! Girls Band Party!. , the show consists of three seasons.
The first season aired from July 5 to December 27, 2018, with episodes being aired live on the BanG Dream! TV variety show, Tokyo MX, SUN, and online on YouTube. Consisting of 26 three-minute episodes, the show aired from July to December.
A second season titled aired from May 7 to October 29, 2020. The episodes were live streamed on YouTube and Periscope for BanG Dream! TV. The 26-episode season ran from May to October.
aired from October 7, 2021 to March 31, 2022.
The show uses three pieces of theme music by the franchise's vocalists: (Pico), (Ohmori), and (Fever!). The first two themes were released as singles on August 22, 2018 and August 12, 2020, respectively; "Quintuple Smile" and "TWINKLE CiRCLE", both of which are theme songs for the game, were coupling tracks. "Pico! Papi! Girls Band Party! PICO!!!" peaked at tenth on the Oricon Weekly Singles Chart, while "One Extra Large! Garupa Pico" topped at 13th. Elements Garden's Ryota Suemasu and Asuka Oda were the composer and lyricist for the first theme, respectively, and Junpei Fujita took over composition for the second.
Seiya Miyajima serves as the director and animated character designer for both seasons, while Takaaki Kidani is the executive producer. Elements Garden oversees music production, with Noriyasu Agematsu and Fujita as producers. Sanzigen and Dmm.futureworks are assisted with animation by Passione and Creators in Pack. The voice actores from the parent BanG Dream! anime reprise their roles for Pico.
A manga based on the show, BanG Dream! Garupa Pico Comic Anthology, was released on March 14, 2019 by Bushiroad and Kadokawa Corporation. The anthology features comics from 17 artists, including Miyajima, who illustrated the cover and opening chapter.
Series overview
Episodes
BanG Dream! Girls Band Party! Pico (2018)
BanG Dream! Girls Band Party! Pico: Ohmori (2020)
BanG Dream! Girls Band Party! Pico Fever! (2021–2022)
Notes
References
External links
English website
Ohmori English website
Fever! English website
2018 anime television series debuts
2020 anime television series debuts
Anime spin-offs
G
Sanzigen
SWAT: Global Strike Team is a 2003 tactical shooter video game developed by Argonaut Games and published by Vivendi Universal Games for the PlayStation 2 and Xbox. It featured a new game engine developed by Argonaut developed to push the lighting capabilities of the Xbox and was the first SWAT game to ship on console systems. The game was inspired by the strategic elements of SWAT 3 with the instantly accessible arcade action of the Virtua Cop series.
SWAT: Global Strike Team received mixed reviews and was compared unfavorably to contemporary tactical shooters such as Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six 3 and SOCOM II U.S. Navy SEALs. Poor sales contributed to the closure of developer Argonaut in 2004.
A ninth game in the series, SWAT 4, returned the series to its roots as a tactical police simulation for the PC in 2005.
Synopsis
This is the first Police Quest: SWAT game not based on an actual police organization or present-day SWAT tactics. The game features non-white and female protagonists in deliberate contrast to the original Police Quest games, which were criticized for their sexist and racist overtones.
Setting
Founded in 2020, the Global Strike Team is a fictional paramilitary law enforcement agency tasked with helping countries and organizations around the globe to resolve situations they cannot accomplish successfully on their own.
Plot
Former Delta Force member Mathias Kincaid is an element leader paired with two first lieutenants, a sniper named Kana Lee, and Anthony "TJ" Jackson, a field technician. Together, they take on a pair of rival narco-terrorist organizations, the Omega Cartel and the Whispering Dragon Clan, who are engaged in a bitter turf war over the production and distribution of a deadly new designer drug, LD-50 — nicknamed "Spike."
Gameplay
SWAT: Global Strike Team is a first-person shooter played with two AI teammates.
Unlike military shooters, such as the comparable Rainbow Six games, the player and teammates are cops rather than soldiers. A compliance meter shows how close suspects are to giving up. Before lethal force may be used, players must follow correct procedure, including using verbal commands for suspects to give up their weapons and submit to arrest. Beyond that, SWAT: Global Strike Team is a significant departure from the SWAT series. It leaves many of the tactical simulation elements behind while simplifying others in favor of a much more straightforward action game experience.
Modes
SWAT: Global Strike Team is designed around one campaign mode with 21 linear story-based missions. A time-based game mode adds replayability, putting a time-limit on the campaign. Taking down enemies increases time on the clock. Multiplayer is limited. Both console versions include 10 unique co-op missions. Xbox versions of the game include two deathmatch levels with Xbox Live support.
Characters
Most missions are played in the role of element leader Mathias Kincaid, assisted by the sniper Kana Lee and demolitions man "T.J." Jackson. Some essential tasks such as breaching doors or picking locks are character-specific. Occasionally, the player takes on these secondary roles. For example, the player will briefly control the sniper to clear out a landing zone. If any of the primary characters die, the mission is a failure and restarted from the last checkpoint.
Loadout
The player chooses a loadout before each mission. The choices are straightforward, such as machine gun or shotgun, and include non-lethal options like flashbangs and tranquilizer darts. Unlike its predecessor, no real weapons or trademarks are used.
Development
SWAT: Global Strike Team started off as a top-down turn-based action game for the Dreamcast codenamed "Kleaners" where the player controlled a squad of professional killers. When Sega's console stalled in the market, development shifted to the Xbox where the game quickly moved towards being a first-person shooter with two semi-autonomous characters — a sharp-shooting assassin and a tech specialist able to hack security systems.
The graphic engine was designed from the ground-up for the Xbox which gave "Kleaners" a distinct look and feel, including hard-edged shadows, allowing for an almost limitless number of lights and shadows in any given scene, and a photo-realistic film filter that gave the game a true-to-life look.
Sierra took notice of the "Kleaners" demo at the Electronic Entertainment Expo in 2001 and soon thereafter, made a deal with Argonaut to make SWAT games for next-gen console systems based on the game concept.
SWAT: Global Strike Team was formally announced as an Xbox exclusive in October 2001, riding the excitement in the weeks ahead of the system's launch.
The game shone in early previews. "Graphically, Global Strike Team is surprisingly high-quality", said Brad Shoemaker of GameSpot. "The levels and character models themselves are pretty solid, and the visuals convey quite a bit of atmosphere thanks to a really impressive indoor and outdoor lighting effect." The controls were well-tuned, with aiming and movement compared to the console first-person standard set by Halo: Combat Evolved.
Voice command of AI teammates was touted as a major feature, intended to take advantage of the Xbox Live Communicator microphone that had become a popular accessory with the launch of Xbox Live in 2002. Voice could be used to directly influence the action onscreen with shouted commands such as "SWAT! Get down!," intended to achieve a new level of realism and immersion or to replicate D-pad commands. SWAT: Global Strike Team and Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six 3 were the first to ship with this feature which used the Xbox Development Kit's voice recognition technology added in 2003.
Marketing
Promotion included the release of a SWAT: Global Strike Team mixtape from DJ Whoo Kid and Lloyd Banks in partnership with Sierra's parent Vivendi and Universal Music Group.
Reception
Reception ranged from positive to mixed. GameSpot gave the Xbox version of the game an 8.1 of 10, calling it "an impressive and successful effort to bring the old series into the 21st century". Other critics called the game as too little, too late amidst a field of tactical shooters that had become very crowded, very quickly. "SWAT: Global Strike Team was initially going to be a bit of a twist on the old squad-based tactical shooter genre", said IGN's Aaron Boulding. "But in the time since it was announced for PS2 and Xbox and its recent arrival on those systems, other titles like SOCOM and Rainbow Six 3 have surpassed and improved on what SWAT: GST set out to do."
The launch of SWAT: Global Strike Team was misfortunately timed. Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six 3 arrived the same day in North America and SOCOM II U.S. Navy SEALs launched the following week. Both received widespread critical acclaim and would set franchise records. By the time Counter-Strike Xbox edition arrived in the Holiday 2003 release slot previously held by Halo 2, SWAT: Global Strike Team was fading quickly from retail.
In Japan, where the Xbox version was ported and published by Microsoft on December 16, 2004, Famitsu gave it a score of all four sevens for a total of 28 out of 40.
Legacy
Argonaut Closure
Argonaut was under financial pressure during the development of SWAT: Global Strike Team. Much was staked on the game's success. The poor sales of the game led to deepening losses, which would ultimately prove unsustainable and contributed to the studio's closure in November 2004.
SWAT: Urban Justice cancellation and SWAT 4
SWAT: Urban Justice was to be a PC-only SWAT game to launch in 2003. Like SWAT: Global Strike Team, the game would be supported by a brand-new game engine and would have a faster, action-oriented pace. The poor reception to SWAT: Global Strike Team reduced confidence in the project which was already suffering from internal delays. The game was ultimately cancelled. The SWAT series would ultimately resume in 2005 with SWAT 4 which used the same game engine as Rainbow Six and Splinter Cell, and was a more realistic law enforcement simulation.
References
External links
2003 video games
Argonaut Games games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
PlayStation 2 games
Police Quest and SWAT
Sierra Entertainment games
Tactical shooter video games
Video games about police officers
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
Xbox games
Carenum batesi is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Masters in 1885.
References
batesi
Beetles described in 1885
The 1900 Pittsburgh College football team was an American football team that represented Pittsburgh Catholic College of the Holy Ghost—now known as Duquesne University—during the 1900 college football season. The team finished the season with a record of 3–3–1.
Schedule
References
Pittsburgh College
Duquesne Dukes football seasons
Pittsburgh College football
Primm Valley Casino Resorts (formerly known as Primadonna Casino Resorts) is a group of three hotel-casinos in Primm, Nevada, along Interstate 15 at the California state line. They are owned and operated by Affinity Gaming. It is named after the Primm family, benefactors of the hotel and casino properties by Ernest and Gary Primm.
The hotels are a popular stop on the drive between Las Vegas and California.
The various hotels are connected across I-15 by both a monorail and a defunct amusement train line that was connected with Buffalo Bill's and Whiskey Pete's.
History
The hotels were built by Gary Primm and the Primm family at State Line, Nevada, the informal name for the area. The family's history in the area is the reason why it received the official name of Primm.
Whiskey Pete's was the first of their hotels. The Primadonna Resort was the second hotel built, and it was later renamed as the Primm Valley Resort. These two hotels are connected by a single car monorail across the I-15.
Buffalo Bill's was the third hotel built. Buffalo Bill's and Primm Valley Resort are connected by a monorail.
The company acquired an option to buy an 18-acre site on the Las Vegas Strip.
Gary Primm of Primadonna Resorts approached MGM Grand Inc. president Bob Maxey in 1994 with an idea for the site: a casino recreating the New York skyline. A joint venture was formed between the two companies, and construction began in March 1995. Completed at a cost of $460 million, the New York-New York Hotel and Casino opened in January 1997.
The Las Vegas Outlet Mall was added as a part of the Primadonna Resort in 1998.
On March 1, 1999, MGM Grand Inc. acquired Primadonna Resorts in an all-stock transaction that had been announced on November 9, 1998.
Since the initiation of New York-New York, analysts had speculated that MGM Grand or Primadonna would buy out the other's interest in the project. Instead of making such a cash-intensive purchase, however, MGM agreed to buy Primadonna outright for $276 million in stock plus $336 million in assumed debt. The merger closed in March 1999, giving MGM ownership of three casinos and two golf courses at the Nevada–California state line, in addition to full control of New York-New York.
On October 31, 2006, MGM announced plans to sell Primm Valley Resorts to Herbst Gaming for $400 million. The proposed sale would not include the Primm Valley Golf Club. The sale closed on April 10, 2007.
Operations
Buffalo Bill's
Fashion Outlets of Las Vegas
Primm Valley Resort & Casino
Star of the Desert Arena
Whiskey Pete's
Several gas stations and convenience stores that surround the casinos and the lottery and convenience store located on a portion of the property in California.
Former
Primm Valley Golf Club
New York-New York Hotel and Casino (50% with MGM Grand Inc.)
References
External links
Gambling companies of the United States
Hospitality companies of the United States
Affinity Gaming
The Young Citizen Volunteers refers to either:
Young Citizen Volunteers (1912)
Young Citizen Volunteers (1972)
George H. Sisson was a nineteenth-century American entrepreneur. They were born in Michigan, and was an early real estate developer in Chicago. They were a mining engineer in Arizona, and with their profits from that operation, purchased a large land concession in Baja California.
Chicago
Arizona
Baja California and Ensenada
On July 24, 1884, they and Luis Huller obtained a concession from the Mexican government for a tract of land in Baja California, extending between 29° North and 32°42' North, including Cedros Island.
This was extended with additional purchases to 28° North, which later was to become the border between Baja California and Baja California Sur. Land was also purchased northward to the United States border. In 1885, they formed the International Company of Mexico in Hartford, Connecticut, and George H. Sisson was named as general manager. Eventually, the Huller Estate covered over 13,325,650 acres of land, a representation of the vast neocolonial inequities in Mexican land distribution during the Porfiriato. The company was sold to the British Mexican Land and Colonization Company in 1888.
Related lawsuits continued for years afterward.
References
1844 births
Businesspeople from Michigan
Year of death missing
The Syndal Heatherdale Pipe Reserve Trail is a shared use path for cyclists and pedestrians, which follows the Syndal to Heatherdale pipe reserve in the eastern suburbs of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
The trail is navigable from one end to the other but in many sections there are only a few formal sections of path- currently between Highbury Road and Ballantyne Street. Monash Council has released a tender for construction of the section from Highbury Road to High Street Road, while Whitehorse Council is currently planning for construction of the path from Mahoneys Road to Norma Road. Bicycle Victoria sees this as an important route, linking the Syndal railway station with the Tally Ho business park on Burwood highway, as part of an ongoing demand for a fully integrated transport strategy in Victoria and is campaigning for improvements to the trail.
Following the path
The southern end of the path starts on the north side of Syndal Station, in Shirley Ave. The path is clear-cut except for three short road sections:
Mahoneys Rd between Panorama Drv and Hawthorn Rd
Springvale Rd between Husband Rd and Canterbury Rd
A section along Lucknow Rd and Mitcham Rd
The path terminates in the north at Brunswick Rd in Mitcham.
Connections
Dead end in the north at Brunswick Rd in Mitcham.
Meets the Waverley Rail Trail at Syndal Station. Connects to Scotchmans Creek Trail in the south via a short road section (Blackburn Rd, Falconer St & Flander Ave) that leads to Syndal Station.
Roughly halfway along the trail, it intersects with the Wurundjeri Walk Trail at Mahoneys Rd. North of and beside "Brand Receptions", go along Parkland Place and cross Mahoneys Rd to the trail.
North end at .
South end at .
See also
List of rail trails
References
Bike paths in Melbourne
Peter James Levinson (1 July 1934 Atlantic City, New Jersey - 21 October 2008 Malibu) was an American music publicist and biographer, particularly of jazz musicians.
Education
Levinson took their bachelor's at the University of Virginia, where they wrote on jazz in the university paper.
Career
After completing service in the Army in Korea, they wrote freelance on jazz music in New York City and took a job at Columbia Records in the late 1950s. Their first job as a publicist was with Jack Jones, beginning in 1962. They spent nearly fifty years in the music industry as a promoter and representative for stars such as Count Basie, Artie Shaw, Woody Herman, Lalo Schifrin, Antonio Carlos Jobim, Chuck Mangione, Dave Brubeck, Rosemary Clooney, Erroll Garner, Stan Getz, Peggy Lee, Bill Evans, Dexter Gordon, Maynard Ferguson, Pete Fountain, Art Garfunkel, Bud Shank, Phyllis Diller, George Shearing, Chick Corea, Jim Hall, Benny Carter, Charlie Byrd, Louie Bellson, Dee Dee Bridgewater, Jack Lemmon, and Mel Tormé.
Levinson's publicity work also extended into television and film, working on Dallas, Z, Fiddler on the Roof, and Kramer vs. Kramer. They founded their own company, Peter Levinson Communications, which was based initially in New York; though they reduced their clientele in the 1980s and 1990s, they continued to represent clients into the early 2000s. They also helped orchestrate the 1986 introduction of a postage stamp in honor of Duke Ellington.
Late in their career, Levinson began writing biographies, completing works on Harry James, Nelson Riddle, and Tommy Dorsey. A biography of Fred Astaire was completed just before their death, and was published in 2009: Puttin' on the Ritz: Fred Astaire and the Fine Art of Panache, St. Martin's Press ; ; .
Later life and death
Levinson contracted amyotrophic lateral sclerosis in 2006, which prevented them from speaking; they used a type-to-speech computer and continued writing. They died at the age of 74 after a fall at their home in Malibu, California on October 21, 2008.
Bibliography
Trumpet Blues: The Life of Harry James (1999)
September in the Rain: The Life of Nelson Riddle (2001)
Tommy Dorsey: Livin' in a Great Big Way (2005)
Puttin' on the Ritz: The Life of Fred Astaire (2009)
References
American music critics
Writers from Atlantic City, New Jersey
Accidental deaths from falls
Accidental deaths in California
Deaths from motor neuron disease
1934 births
2008 deaths
University of Virginia alumni
Neurological disease deaths in California
20th-century American biographers
Pichhwai (also pichwai, pichhavai, pichhvai, pechhavai etc), literally meaning 'that which hangs from the back' from the Sanskrit words "Pichh" means back and "wais" means hanging, are large devotional Hindu painted pictures, normally on cloth, which portray Krishna. They are mainly made to hang in Hindu temples of the Pushtimarg devotional tradition, especially the Shrinathji Temple in Nathdwara, Rajasthan, built around 1672. They are hung behind the idol of Shrinathji, a local form of Krishna and the centre of Pushtimarg worship, to depict their leelas. Aurangabad was another area associated with them. The purpose of pichhwais, other than artistic appeal, is to narrate tales of Krishna to the illiterate. Temples have sets with different images, which are changed according to the calendar of festivals celebrating the deity.
Nathdwara painting covers these and similar works in other genres, especially Indian miniature paintings. Like the Pushtimarg tradition, they originated in the Deccan, but are now mainly associated with Western India.
Style of Painting
Iconography
The main image portrayed in Pichhwai paintings is Shrinathji. This 700+ years old form of Krishna, is the presiding deity worshipped at the Shrinathji Temple with many paintings showing the rituals and worship offered to the deity in the temple. Modern pichhwais may also portray other forms of Krishna worshipped in the Pushtimarg tradition such as Dwarkadish, the presiding deity at the Dwarkadish Temple. Whilst these paintings focus on Shrinathji, paintings often depicts other deities in the tradition such as Yamunaji, Goswamis such as Vallabhacharya and other priests.
Themes
Pichhwais have two main functions within the Pushtimarg Sampradaya. Ones used as backdrops on the inner sanctums in the shrines, they are changed daily and are designed in accordance to the season, festival and rituals of that day. Other pichhwais are artists documentation of the worship in the faith. Each festival and ritual within the faith is an elaborate affair with a pichhwai showcasing the adornment, emotions, mood, music, food and dancing that encompasses the worship. With daily worship of Shrinathji having 8 different formal viewings, pichhwais may often depict the eight different adornments associated with each viewing. Festivals such as Govardhan Puja, Sharad Purnima, Raslila, Holi alongside other prominent festivals in Pushtimarg are depicted with vivid detail on the modes of worship and the items used. These Pichwais often also as a historical documentation on how and who participated in this festival throughout the doctrine's history.
History of Production
16th - 19th Century
In 1672CE when the Shrinathji temple was established, Vitthalnath the chief priest and son of the Pushitmarg sect founder Vallabhachrya, employed artisans under the temple administration to create pichhwais. These were traditionally made by the artisans only on commission by the chief priest for religious worship and ceremonies. However in the coming centuries, as the sect grew to various part of India such as Gujarat and Mathura, the art styles reached those places as well. Pichhwais were made to be taken by pilgrims from Shrinathji temple but were also commissioned by wealthy families. The heavy and intricate nature of this art also led to its favour by theatre companies, with production companies commissioning as backdrops for productions.
19th Century
The start of the century had westernised art school painting forms gaining more preferability to the Indian business and upper classes compared to traditional styles such as pichhwai. To increase pichhwai demand, artisans started to make slight shifts in their painting techniques. pichwais were made both in the traditional style, but also started to incorporate western influences such as using oil paints and using realism rather than the traditional stylistic approach. One example is that the feet drawn in these paintings, particularity that of Shrinathji, were drawn with the western art technique of Foreshortening rather than the traditional portrayal of feet being sideways. However, this time period also had heavy influence from political movements such as the Swadeshi movement, where traditional Indian art, cultures and music was encouraged to be support. This, alongside the religious nature of the art form led artists to favour the traditional art styles and most artisans stayed with using traditional techniques in their own style.
Modern Day Production
Pichhwai have become the main export of Nathdwara and are in much demand among foreign visitors. The artists live mostly in Chitron ki gali (Street of paintings) and Chitrakaron ka mohallah (colony of painters) and are a close community with constant interaction. Often a pichhwai painting is a group effort, where several skilful painters work together under the supervision of a master artist.
There has also been a push by other artists and designers to preserve and showcase this art form to a wider, international audience. Designers have utilised the traditional colours, printing techniques and pattern styles associated pichhwai, in clothing attires and showcase them on international platforms such as Lakmé Fashion Week.
Artisans
Whilst little is known before the 19th century, the pichhwai artisans in Nathdwara come from three main sub-castes, the Adi Gaur who claim to have migrated from Udaipur, the Jangirs were migrated from Jaipur and Jodhpur, and the lesser known Mewaras.
Notes
Pichwai Paintings
References
Blurton, T. Richard, Hindu Art, 1994, British Museum Press,
Harle, J.C., The Art and Architecture of the Indian Subcontinent, 2nd edn. 1994, Yale University Press Pelican History of Art,
See also
Banke Bihari Pichwai Gold Painting
Vaishnavism
Rajasthani arts
Genres of Indian art
Rajsamand district
Indian painting
The international trade in primates sees 32,000 wild non-human primates (NHPs) trapped and sold on the international market every year. They are sold mostly for use in animal testing, but also for food, for exhibition in zoos and circuses, and for private use as companion animals.
Countries involved
The United States imports around one third of all NHPs sold internationally, with the United Kingdom importing the second highest number. Japan, Russia, The Netherlands, France, and Taiwan also rank among the top importing countries.
The NHPs are exported from Indonesia, Malaysia, Kenya, Thailand, Philippines, Mauritius, Amazonian regions across South America, and China, where they exist indigenously.
Capture and transport
They are caught by local villagers and farmers, who set traps with baited nets and or by laying bait in crates. Entire families may be caught in the nets, with any undesirable NHPs being killed and sold for food.
Those who survive are taken in crates to holding centers, possibly without food or water. The centers are reportedly overcrowded and dirty; the primates may not be able to stand in the crates, and many die. Others are weeded out because they are ill, too thin, or too old, with females and babies being the most desirable.
According to a 1992 investigation by the British Union for the Abolition of Vivisection, 75% of the NHPs may be killed at the holding centers.
Animal testing
NHPs may be imported into the U.S. and sold for "scientific, educational, or exhibition purposes," and for use in breeding colonies. According to the AESOP Project, the majority of NHPs are imported to the U.S. to be used in laboratories.
23,465 non-human primates destined for laboratories or laboratory suppliers were imported into the U.S. in 2014 including macaques, grivets and capuchins. The majority of these animals were from China, Mauritius, Cambodia and Vietnam, respectively. Covance, Charles River Laboratories and SNBL USA are the largest U.S. importers of monkeys destined for laboratories. Between 1995 and 1999, 1,580 wild baboons were imported into the United States.
Airlines have been under "significant pressure" from PETA and other groups to end their transport of monkeys and other animals to laboratories. According to PETA, over 110 airlines refuse to transport monkeys to laboratories, many after being the target of the animal welfare group's campaigns.
As of 2015, Air France remains the last major airline to still transport nonhuman primates to laboratories. While Air France has defended the practice, saying the use of monkeys in research is needed, others including PETA, Jane Goodall, James Cromwell and Peter Gabriel have criticized the airline.
See also
Animal testing
Animal testing on non-human primates
Commodification
Great ape project
Great Ape research ban
International Primate Protection League
Nafovanny
Shamrock Farm
Notes
Cruelty to animals
Animal testing
Animal rights
Primate trade
Primate
Yu-6 or Yu 6 may refer to:
Yu-6 torpedo, a Chinese torpedo
, an Imperial Japanese Army transport submarine of World War II
Ramzan Ismailovich Asayev (; born 27 February 1993) is a former Russian football goalkeeper.
Career
Asayev made their professional debut for FC Terek Grozny on 13 July 2010 in the Russian Cup game against FC Luch-Energiya Vladivostok.
External links
Player page on the official FC Terek Grozny website
1993 births
Living people
Russian Muslims
Russian footballers
Association football goalkeepers
FC Akhmat Grozny players
Russian people of Chechen descent
Chechen people
Charles Richard Newman (born January 16, 1967) is an American record producer, recording engineer, composer, songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, talent manager and music publisher.  They are the co-founder of New York City's Mother West Records and Studios, The Deli Magazine, and the band PLEASE, who enjoyed minor success when their single "Here It Comes Again" was featured on the soundtrack to the film Empire Records. Most notably they have been working as the main engineer, mixer and co-producer for Stephin Merritt and The Magnetic Fields since their initial work on the critically acclaimed 69 Love Songs. They have also produced, mixed and engineered work by artists such as Flare, Gospel Music, Tom Shaner, Jon DeRosa, Dylan Trees, The Davenports, Lauren Molina, Soko, The Bones of J.R. Jones, Aloud, and, Peppina. Newman began co-managing the Seattle based rock band Motopony in 2015 accompanying the band on their tour of the United Kingdom, and assisting in production on their live EP “Naked at the Abbey” with producer Rob Cass.
Record credits
References
External links
Mother West Newman's Studio in New York.
Cottage Sounds Newman's studio in Los Angeles.
The Vault Mother West's catalog of songs.
The Deli Magazine's homepage.
1967 births
Living people
American audio engineers
Record producers from Maryland
Businesspeople from Baltimore
James Menendez is a British journalist and radio broadcaster working for BBC News, BBC World Service, and BBC World News. Menendez is one of the main presenters of Newshour on the BBC World Service.
Career
Menendez joined the BBC as a trainee reporter in 1995. They then became a reporter for the BBC World Service before becoming the BBC Correspondent in Venezuela.
In 2004, Menendez moved back to London, as an occasional presenter on Newshour and The World Today. In 2007, they became one of the main presenters of World Briefing before becoming a main presenter on Newshour. In addition to presenting the programme, Menendez reports for Newshour from around the world. On 13 April 2015, they started presenting World News Today on BBC Four and BBC World News.
In 2017, an interview they were conducting on BBC World News with Robert Kelly went viral after the interviewees children busted in and started dancing.
On 1 July 2022 Menendez presented The World Tonight on BBC Radio 4.
References
BBC newsreaders and journalists
BBC World Service presenters
BBC World News
British radio presenters
Living people
British people of Mexican descent
Year of birth missing (living people)
Echium italicum, the Italian viper's bugloss, Lady Campbell weed, or pale bugloss, is a species of plant from the family Boraginaceae, found in the Mediterranean Basin (especially in Italy, hence the name 'italicum') and, as an introduced species in the United States (for example in the state of Maryland).
Distribution
It is also found in North Africa, western Asia, Caucasus and Europe. It has naturalised in Australia.
References
italicum
Flora of Southeastern Europe
Flora of Southwestern Europe
Plants described in 1753
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Srećko (Felix) Albini (10 December 1869 – 18 April 1933) was a Croatian composer, conductor, and music publisher. They were primarily known for their operettas, some of which were adapted into English and performed in London and New York.
Life and career
Albini was born in Županja. They trained in music in Vienna and in Graz, but at the wishes of their family also graduated from a business college. Their first engagement as a conductor was for the municipal theatres in Graz, where they worked from 1893 to 1895. They then became a conductor at the Croatian National Theatre in Zagreb, where they remained for the next eight years and composed their first stage work, the three-act opera Maričon. Set to a libretto by Milan Smrekar, it had a nationalistic theme and incorporated traditional Croatian folk music and dances. Maričon premiered at the Croatian National Theatre in 1901 and received a very favourable review from Die Musik.
The National Theatre's resident opera company suspended its activities between 1903 and 1909, and Albini moved to Vienna, where they continued composing and conducting.
They returned to the National Theatre in 1909, serving there as both a conductor and a stage director until 1919. However, they had ceased their activities as a composer after 1909. Albini went on to become a music publisher and also founded and ran the Croatian Copyright Centre. They died in Zagreb at the age of 63.
Works
According to the Croatian musicologist Ivan Zivanović, Albini's music combined "an exuberant melodic invention and skillful sense of drama [that] transcended the musical and dramatic limitations characteristic of operetta of their time." Albini's operettas include:
Der Nabob, operetta in 3 acts, libretto by Leopold Krenn; premiered at the Carltheater, Vienna, 1905
Madame Troubadour, vaudeville-operetta in 3 acts, libretto by Béla Jenbach and Robert Pohl; premiered at the Croatian National Theatre, Zagreb, 1907
Baron Trenck, comic operetta in 3 acts, libretto by Alfred Maria Willner and Robert Bodanzky; premiered at the Altes Stadttheater, Leipzig, 1908
Die Barfußtänzerin, operetta in 2 acts, libretto by Béla Jenbach; premiered at the Altes Stadttheater, Leipzig, 1909
Die kleine Baronesse, operetta in 1 act, libretto by Robert Bodanzky; premiered at the , Vienna, 1909
Notes
References
External links
Complete score of Albini's Madame Troubadour at the International Music Score Library Project
1869 births
1933 deaths
Croatian classical composers
Male classical composers
Croatian musical theatre composers
Operetta composers
Manuel Mariaca (born January 4, 1986 in Cuernavaca, Morelos), is a former Mexican footballer. They last played for Cruz Azul Hidalgo as a defender in Mexico's Primera Division.
See also
List of people from Morelos, Mexico
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
Association football defenders
Cruz Azul footballers
Lobos BUAP footballers
Footballers from Morelos
Mexican footballers
Sportspeople from Cuernavaca
The following is a list of monastic houses in North Yorkshire, England.
See also
List of monastic houses in England
Notes
References
Notes
Bibliography
Binns, Alison (1989) Studies in the History of Medieval Religion 1: Dedications of Monastic Houses in England and Wales 1066–1216, Boydell
Cobbett, William (1868) List of Abbeys, Priories, Nunneries, Hospitals, And Other Religious Foundations in England and Wales and in Ireland, Confiscated, Seized On, or Alienated by the Protestant "Reformation" Sovereigns and Parliaments
Knowles, David & Hadcock, R. Neville (1971) Medieval Religious Houses England & Wales. Longman
Morris, Richard (1979) Cathedrals and Abbeys of England and Wales, J. M. Dent & Sons Ltd.
Thorold, Henry (1986) Collins Guide to Cathedrals, Abbeys and Priories of England and Wales, Collins
Thorold, Henry (1993) Collins Guide to the Ruined Abbeys of England, Wales and Scotland, Collins
Wright, Geoffrey N., (2004) Discovering Abbeys and Priories, Shire Publications Ltd.
English Cathedrals and Abbeys, Illustrated, Odhams Press Ltd.
Map of Monastic Britain, South Sheet, Ordnance Survey, 2nd edition, 1954
.
History of North Yorkshire
England in the High Middle Ages
Medieval sites in England
Lists of buildings and structures in North Yorkshire
Yorkshire North
Yorkshire, North
Răsmirești is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Ludăneasca and Răsmirești.
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
In Māori mythology, Rehua is a very sacred personage, who lives in Te Putahi-nui-o-Rehua in Rangi-tuarea, the tenth and highest of the heavens in some versions of Māori lore. Rehua is identified with certain stars. To the Tūhoe people of the North Island they are Antares. Others say they are Betelgeuse, or Sirius. Because they live in the highest of the skies, Rehua is untouched by death, and has power to cure blindness, revive the dead, and heal any disease (Orbell 1998:119-120).  They are a son of Rangi and Papa, and the father of Kaitangata, as well as the ancestor of Māui (Tregear 1891:381). A Ngāi Tahu legend from the South Island speaks of Rehua as the eldest son of Rangi and Papa, who first manifested as lightning, but assumed human shape when they travelled into the skies. Later their brother Tāne went to pay them a visit, Rehua had birds in their hair, feeding on their lice. Rehua had their servants cook and prepare the birds as a meal for Tāne, who was shocked and declined to eat them because the birds had eaten the lice from Rehua's head, which was extremely tapu (sacred). However Rehua gave them birds to bring down to this world, and showed them how to snare them. Tāne also brought with them the fruit trees that the birds fed on, and so it is that there are forests and birds on the earth (Orbell 1998:119).
In Tahiti, Rehua was a star-god, the star of the New Year, who produced the Twins as well as the Pleiades, and considered lord of the year.
References
M. Orbell, The Concise Encyclopedia of Māori Myth and Legend (Canterbury University Press: Christchurch), 1998.
E.R. Tregear, Maori-Polynesian Comparative Dictionary (Lyon and Blair: Lambton Quay), 1891.
Māori gods
Stellar gods
Kevin Szalai is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from France.
Career statistics
By season
Races by year
(key)
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
1992 births
French motorcycle racers
Living people
125cc World Championship riders
People from Forbach
Sportspeople from Moselle (department)
The 14th South American Youth Championships in Athletics were held in Manaus, Brazil from October 23–25, 1998.
Medal summary
Medal winners are published for boys and girls. Complete results can be found on the "World Junior Athletics History" website.
Men
Women
Medal table (unofficial)
Participation (unofficial)
Detailed result lists can be found on the "World Junior Athletics History" website. An unofficial count yields the number of about 190 athletes from about 13 countries:
(17)
(5)
(54)
(33)
(22)
(7)
(4)
Panama (2)
(6)
Peru (12)
(1)
(7)
(20)
References
External links
World Junior Athletics History
South American U18 Championships in Athletics
1998 in Brazilian sport
South American U18 Championships
International athletics competitions hosted by Brazil
International sports competitions in Manaus
1998 in youth sport
The Râșca is a left tributary of the river Someșul Cald in Romania. It discharges into the Lake Tarnița, which is drained by the Someșul Cald. Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Cluj County
Amelia Abascal Gómez (born 8 February 1920) was a Spanish-born Mexican painter, sculptor, and ceramist.
Life and career
Abascal was born in Madrid, Spain in 1920. They were primarily a self-taught artist. After arriving in Mexico in 1940 at the age of 20, they took classes in chemistry, and applied it to their plastic arts, painting, ceramics, and designing. They were one of four artists to represent Mexico in 1968 at an exhibition in Argentina of Latin American painting. Following the Exhibition in Argentina, Abascal won acclaim with a solo exhibition at the Misrachi Art Gallery in Mexico City, Mexico in 1968.
Abascal's work involves treating bronze and copper sheets with acid to create an eroded texture. They specialize in relief sculpture, but has also produced murals.
Works
Abascal's acid-treated copper plates were shown at the 1967 Galería de Arte Mexicano which was held in Mexico City, Mexico during the months of January and February. The plates were described by a critic as "abstracted vigor on to copper plates."
At the 1967 Galería de Arte Mexicano alongside Abascal's acid-treated copper plates were pieces from Carlos Merida whom is credited as being one of the first Latin artists to combine European and Latin styles in painting.
References
1920 births
Possibly living people
Mexican women painters
Mexican women sculptors
20th-century Mexican ceramists
Mexican women ceramists
20th-century Mexican painters
20th-century Mexican sculptors
21st-century Mexican painters
21st-century Mexican sculptors
Artists from Madrid
Spanish emigrants to Mexico
Mexican muralists
Women muralists
21st-century ceramists
20th-century Mexican women artists
21st-century Mexican women artists
Route 92 was a proposed branch of the New Jersey Turnpike that would have run from west to east, beginning at U.S. Route 1 just north of Ridge Road (old CR 522) in South Brunswick Township, east along Route 32, to Exit 8A in Monroe Township. Route 92 was also assigned in the 1953 renumbering and by the late 1950s it was named the Princeton–Hightstown Bypass, a freeway planned to connect the Somerset Freeway (an unbuilt section of Interstate 95) in Montgomery Township (near Skillman), with Route 33 in East Windsor Township (east of Hightstown). In 1987, the planned Route 92 was truncated to only run east from U.S. Route 1 near Kingston. New plans were announced in 1994, this time running to US 1 near Princeton. After public hearings found opposition was still strong, the planned route was truncated to a much shorter bypass of Hightstown only and numbered Route 133. Construction on the road, the first project awarded under New Jersey's modified Design-build program, began on September 20, 1996 and was opened November 30, 1999.
The first plans for Route 92's new alignment, running from exit 8A of the New Jersey Turnpike (rather than exit 8) west to U.S. Route 206 near Rocky Hill, were made in 1988, using funds from the canceled Somerset Freeway. In 1992, the plans were formally transferred to the New Jersey Turnpike Authority, which announced the new plans in 1994, again dropping the segment west of US 1. All but $6.5 million of the $400 million project was reassigned in November 2005 to widen the Turnpike in southern New Jersey.
History
Princeton–Hightstown alignment
The first proposed alignments for a freeway from the borough of Princeton to the community of Hightstown originates in the designation of State Highway Route 31-A in 1938 by the New Jersey State Legislature. Construction commenced on the new route, building a new bridge over the Pennsylvania Railroad a year later. This is new, bridge replaced the at-grade crossing on Washington Road, which is now a dead-end. When the state highway renumbering occurred on January 1, 1953, the new freeway proposals were designated as Route 92. (Route 31-A was decommissioned at that point, and repealed from state law in 1992.) The first assigned alignment of the Route 92 Freeway dates to the late 1950s, when the New Jersey State Highway Department as the Princeton-Hightstown Bypass, a new freeway to connect the Somerset Freeway (an unbuilt portion of Interstate 95 in the Montgomery Township community of Skillman) eastward to a junction with Route 33 in the community of East Windsor Township (east of Hightstown). This new freeway was to be constructed by the State Highway Department and maintained by the asupervisorstioned corporation. By 1967, the New Jersey Department of Transportation announced plans and although monetary issues stalled any forward movements, federal funding soon came in to help resume planning.
The highway was proposed and received opposition from the communities of Princeton and Plainsboro, who cited destruction of open space and wetlands, which would reduce the quality of local life. In 1982, the Somerset Freeway was canceled as a project, and the $228 million (1982 USD) that came with it was given around by a partnership, with the New Jersey Department of Transportation suggesting the Route 92 Freeway become one of the six projects to receive funding. Final designs for the freeway were underway in 1986, amid controversy. As a result, the Department of Transportation dropped the section west of U.S. Route 1 in South Brunswick Township only a year later. After plans for Route 92 were realigned northward in 1988, the Princeton-Hightstown Bypass was revived in 1994 for construction of a new bypass of Hightstown. This is new, freeway was designed under the Department of Transportation's first modified design-build program and construction commenced in 1996. The contractors in hire for the project were the Schaivone Construction Group, who set a bid for $57 million (1996 USD). The new freeway, designated as Route 133 instead of Route 92, was opened in November 1999, ending the four-decade fight to construction freeway around Hightstown. The delay occurred due to substantial erosion caused by the weakening Hurricane Floyd in 1999.
Turnpike Extension alignment
In 1988, the New Jersey Department of Transportation realigned the proposed Route 92 Freeway off the Princeton-Hightstown Bypass to a route further north. This new alignment was to run from U.S. Route 206 near the community of Rocky Hill in Somerset County to Interchange 8A on the New Jersey Turnpike in Monroe Township in Middlesex County, using the alignment of Route 32 at its eastern terminus. The state cited that this new northerly alignment, funded by the cancellation of the Somerset Freeway, would serve better needs of the people. In 1992, the proposal for Route 92 was turned over to the New Jersey Turnpike Authority from the Department of Transportation, citing the cost was too elevated. Two years later, the Turnpike Authority released new plans for the Route 92 alignment, this time creating a limited-access highway from U.S. Route 1 in South Brunswick Township to Interchange 8A in Monroe Township. This new highway was to cost the Turnpike Authority $300 million (1994 USD). The opposition to the freeway shifted northward, with South Brunswick residents complaining the divide of their community. The environmentalists also cried foul on the destruction of of marsh and the encroachment on local open space. Giving their hands to these factors, the Environmental Protection Agency opposed this project twice during the 1990s, once in January 1997 and once in October 1998. The state realigned the proposals to reduce the loss of wetlands, and also proposed the addition of of wetlands. This proposal gained the support of the state's Department of Environmental Protection, but not the federal.
In February 2000, the Turnpike Authority gave in to the orders from the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to have Route 92 undergo an environmental impact study, which could go up to two years, to help see if they should award the contract for construction. Opponents of the Route 92 project hailed this decision for the thought that the environmental impact statement (EIS) would back up their beliefs. Four months later, the Army Corps of Engineers held a meeting to decide what to take into account for the impact statement and held opinions from both the supporters and opponents of the freeway. Around this time, locals sent an editorial to News 12 New Jersey to say that Middlesex County Route 522, already a four-lane freeway, should become the primary freeway across the portion of Middlesex County. However, the Turnpike Authority replied citing that Route 522 would be inadequate to handle the amount of traffic by 2015 that Route 92 was to handle. In December 2003, the Army Corps of Engineers approved the statement and although agencies still disagreed on the wetlands issues, held public hearings in 2004.
In 2005, the Turnpike Authority relocated most of the Route 92 funding to the widening of the New Jersey Turnpike through the southern and central portions of New Jersey. The remaining funds, $6.5 million (2005 USD), left the project in limbo, and the Army Corps of Engineers released a final statement, finding no other alternative outside of a new alignment. On December 1, 2006, the New Jersey Turnpike Authority terminated its plans to build the spur from Ridge and 1 in South Brunswick to 8A in Monroe. Since most of the Route 92 funds had already been diverted to the Turnpike Authority's main concern, it made more sense to cancel the spur due to lack of funding. The Authority's main focus was widening the Turnpike between Exits 6 in Mansfield Township and 8A in Monroe Township in anticipation of increased traffic coming from the Pennsylvania Turnpike when its interchange with I-95 is completed.
Proposed alignments
Princeton–Hightstown Bypass
The first alignment of the Route 92 Freeway, proposed in the 1950s, was to begin at an interchange with Interstate 95, known as the Somerset Freeway in the community of Skillman (in Montgomery Township). The route was supposed to head eastward, crossing an interchange with U.S. Route 206 in Montgomery Township before crossing over County Route 518 in Rocky Hill and interchanging with New Jersey Route 27 in Kingston. The route would then turn to the south and interchange with U.S. Route 1 and County Route 522 in the community of Monmouth Junction. From there, Route 92 would cross over the Pennsylvania Railroad to the north of New Jersey Route 64 in Plainsboro, turning to the southeast along the Millstone River. After crossing the Millstone, Route 92 was to interchange with County Route 535 in Cranbury before entering East Windsor, where it would interchange with U.S. Route 130. From there, the route would meet the New Jersey Turnpike at Interchange 8 before reaching its eastern terminus at an interchange with New Jersey Route 33 in the Twin Rivers community in East Windsor.
Turnpike Extension alignment (post-1994)
On the turnpike extension alignment proposed in 1994, Route 92 was to begin at a trumpet interchange with U.S. Route 1 in South Brunswick. The interchange would have also served access to Schalks Crossing Road (Middlesex CR 683). The highway was to head to the southeast and cross under Perrine Road, which was proposed to have a brand-new overpass and a westbound interchange. (There was also to be an eastbound entrance ramp from Perrine Road.) After curving to the east, Route 92 was to enter Plainsboro, cross the New Jersey Transit's Northeast Corridor Line and Devil's Brook, and then re-enter South Brunswick. Upon entrance in South Brunswick, Route 92 would have passed through the western section of an inland freshwater marsh, which has been the source of the Lawrence Brook. Then, it would pass to the south of a municipal landfill in Sondek Park owned by the Township of South Brunswick. Continuing east-southeast from there, it would have intersected with Friendship Road and would have continued along with Friendship Road past the next intersection with Miller Road. There, Route 92 was to turn to the southeast along with Friendship Road and cross through a toll station. It would have entered a large interchange with U.S. Route 130 and an access route to Friendship Road. Route 92's interchange with Route 130 was to be a cloverleaf interchange and from there, the highway was to follow current day Route 32 through Monroe Township. There, the highway was to continue southeastward, interchanging with local roads and continuing through an interchange with County Route 535 before merging into Interchange 8A with the New Jersey Turnpike, where Route 92 was to end.
Proposed interchanges
Route 92 (Princeton-Hightstown)
Route 92 (post-1994)
See also
References
External links
The Roads of Metro New York – NJ 92 Turnpike Extension (unbuilt)
No 92: Home
Transportation in Mercer County, New Jersey
092
Transportation in Middlesex County, New Jersey
Kessleria alpicella is a moth of the family Yponomeutidae. It is found in Germany, Poland, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Austria, Switzerland, Italy and most of the Balkan Peninsula.
The length of the forewings is 7–9 mm for males and 7.3-7.6 mm for females. The forewings are white with light brown accents. The hindwings are grey. Adults are on wing from the end of May to the end of July.
The larvae feed on Saxifraga paniculata and Saxifraga rotundifolia. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine initially has the form of a narrow, full depth corridor with dispersed frass. Later, several full depth blotches are made. Pupation takes place outside of the mine. The larvae have a green body and light brown head. They can be found in November.
References
Moths described in 1851
Yponomeutidae
Moths of Europe
Caffarelli may be
Caffarelli (castrato), stage name of the castrato Gaetano Majorano (1710-1783)
Carmela Cafarelli (1889-1979) was proprietor of Cleveland Ohio's Cafarelli Opera Company
Luis Caffarelli (born 1948), American-Argentine mathematician
A family of French church and military leaders, all of them brothers:
Louis-Marie-Joseph Maximilian Caffarelli du Falga (1756-1799), general
Charles Ambroise de Caffarelli du Falga (1758-1826), canon and prefect
Louis Marie Joseph Caffarelli (1760-1845), the first préfet maritime de Brest
Jean-Baptiste de Caffarelli du Falga (1763-1815), bishop of Saint-Brieuc
Marie-François Auguste de Caffarelli du Falga (1766-1849), general
.
Surnames
Italian-language surnames
Scott Basiuk (; born August 4, 1980) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player, who is currently a free agent. They most recently played for the Sheffield Steelers in the EIHL.
Playing career
Born in Prince Albert, Saskatchewan, Basiuk began their career in the year 2000, playing at college level for the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in Troy, New York. Basiuk spent four productive years at RPI, making 128 NCAA appearances along the way, scoring 23 goals and 36 assists for 59 points. Their senior season was their best season scoring 11 goals and 15 assists for 26 points and was selected to the All-ECAC Second Team.
After their senior season at RPI they were invited and attended the Los Angeles Kings Development Camp and got invited back to their Rookie Camp in September where they had 3 assists in 4 games against the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim, Phoenix Coyotes and San Jose Sharks rookies. Following the lockout that season, Basiuk attended the AHL's Manchester Monarchs main camp and was released after the conclusion of the camp.
After the Monarchs camp they were signed by the South Carolina Stingrays of the ECHL, for whom they made 27 appearances, before a call up to the Portland Pirates, then affiliate team of the Washington Capitals who play in the NHL. Basiuk managed to play one game for the Pirates at the higher level before returning to the Stingrays. In January 2005 they were traded to the Dayton Bombers and played with them for the rest of the season.
Again Basiuk failed to settle well, and they started the following season with the Bakersfield Condors. Basiuk played well for the Condors, contributing more than a point every other game from defence and was selected to participate in the 2006 All-Star Game in Fresno, California. Despite this, they again failed to play an entire season for one team, being picked up by the Utah Grizzlies, where Basiuk finished the season with 4 goals and 26 assists for 30 points and featured in four play-off games, recording 1 assist against the eventual champions Alaska Aces.
Basiuk was again on the move in the off-season, this time further afield to Europe, where in the summer of 2006 they signed for the Manchester Phoenix, a team playing in the EIHL, the highest standard of club ice hockey in Britain. Basiuk proved to be a good acquisition by player/coach Tony Hand, who made Basiuk team captain. Scott made 60 appearances in their first season in Manchester. Their solid defensive play combined with attacking instincts meant that Basiuk grabbed 21 points. This production, combined with their physical style saw Basiuk become a fan favourite amongst the Phoenix supporters. An excellent first season persuaded Hand to re-sign Basiuk and appoint them club captain once again. After a few games into the season, Basiuk was given further responsibilities as player/assistant coach.
Basiuk responded well, scoring 12 goals and adding 33 assists in 58 games as well as a goal and 3 assists in 2 playoff games against cross-Pennine rivals Sheffield Steelers. The Phoenix lost by one goal in the 2 game total goal series and were eliminated. An inconsistent, up and down season in Manchester led Tony Hand to bring only a few players back over the summer of 2008. Basiuk was not one of them. During that time Basiuk signed a contract in Sheffield to play hockey and go back to school to get their MBA from the University of Sheffield.
In their first season in Sheffield, Basiuk would prove to be a reliable and physical defenceman and their play helped the team to both the league and play off titles. Basiuk's contract was one of the first to be renewed by Steelers' head coach David Matsos in the summer of 2009.
Career statistics
Awards and honors
References
External links
1980 births
Bakersfield Condors (1998–2015) players
Canadian ice hockey defencemen
Dayton Bombers players
Ice hockey people from Saskatchewan
Living people
Manchester Phoenix players
Portland Pirates players
RPI Engineers men's ice hockey players
Sheffield Steelers players
South Carolina Stingrays players
Sportspeople from Prince Albert, Saskatchewan
Utah Grizzlies (ECHL) players
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in England
Glenmaquin railway station served the town of Glenmaquin in County Donegal, Ireland.
The station opened on 1 January 1909 when the County Donegal Railways Joint Committee built the Strabane and Letterkenny Railway from Strabane to Letterkenny.
It closed on 1 January 1960.
Routes
References
Disused railway stations in County Donegal
Railway stations opened in 1909
Railway stations closed in 1960
Jackie Aprile may refer to:
Jackie Aprile, Sr., character in the TV series The Sopranos, played by Michael Rispoli
Jackie Aprile, Jr., character who is the son of the above in the TV series The Sopranos, played by Jason Cerbone
Nalbant is a commune in Tulcea County, Northern Dobruja, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Nalbant, Nicolae Bălcescu (since 1948; until 1923 Bașchioi; Principele Mihai from 1923 to 1948) and Trestenic.
The commune's name comes from Turkish, nalbant from Persian nal-band meaning blacksmith (nal – nail, horse shoe, band – to bond, to tie).
Nalbant is located in the central part of the county, southwest of the county seat, Tulcea. It is crossed by national roads , which runs from Tulcea to Hârșova, and , which connects Nalbant to Horia.
References
Communes in Tulcea County
Localities in Northern Dobruja
Place names of Turkish origin in Romania
David Blaine McGregor (7 February 1909 – 1990) was a British water polo player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics. They were part of the British team which finished eighth in the 1936 tournament. They played three matches. They were also captain of the Scotland national team.
Their son, Bob McGregor, competed as a swimmer at the 1964 and 1968 Summer Olympics, winning a silver medal in the 100 metres freestyle event in 1964.
References
External links
David McGregor's profile at the UK Olympic Committee
David McGregor's profile at Sports Reference.com
1909 births
1990 deaths
British male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Great Britain
Water polo players at the 1936 Summer Olympics
Sonderhofen is a municipality in the district of Würzburg in Bavaria, Germany.
References
Würzburg (district)
CTNE may refer to:
Compañía Telefónica Nacional de España
Club Telex Noise Ensemble
Hercule may refer to:
Fictional characters
Hercules, in Roman mythology
Hercule Poirot, a detective created by Agatha Christie
Hercule Flambeau, in the Father Brown mysteries by G. K. Chesterton
Hercule (Dragon Ball) or Mr. Satan, in the Dragon Ball franchise
Hercule, from the comic book Pif et Hercule
People
Hercule, Duke of Montbazon (1568–1654), French peer
Hercule Audiffret (1603-1659), French orator and religious writer
Hercule Corbineau (1780–1823), French soldier
Hercule Dupré (1844–1927), Canadian farmer, lumber merchant, and political figure
Hercule Mériadec, Duke of Rohan-Rohan (1669–1749)
Hercule Mériadec, Prince of Guéméné (1688–1757)
Hercule Nicolet (1801–1872), Swiss lithographer, natural history illustrator, librarian, and entomologist
Hercule de Serre (1776–1824), French soldier, lawyer, and politician
Hercule-Louis Turinetti, marquis of Prié (1658–1726), Dutch noble
Other uses
Hercule (film), a 1938 French comedy film
French ship Hercule, nineteen ships of the French Navy
Hercule-class ship of the line, led by the Hercule of 1836
Hercule (hydrogen balloon), a 1795 observation balloon, companion to L'Intrépide, used by the Compagnie d'Aérostiers (French Aerostatic Corps)
See also
Hercules (disambiguation)
Heracles (disambiguation)
Ercole (disambiguation)
Sokol (German Falkenberg) is a cone-shaped peak in the Lusatian Mountains, just south of the frontier between Germany and the Czech Republic. There are traces at the summit of a medieval castle—Starý Falkenburk (Alte Falkenburg).
References
Mountains and hills of the Czech Republic
Mountain ranges of the Czech Republic
Lusatian Mountains
Jablonné v Podještědí
Joseph W. McGuckin (March 13, 1862 – December 31, 1903) was an outfielder in Major League Baseball who played for the Baltimore Orioles of the American Association in 11 games in 1890. They played in the minors through 1901.
External links
Baseball Reference
19th-century baseball players
Baltimore Orioles (AA) players
Major League Baseball outfielders
Baseball players from Paterson, New Jersey
1862 births
1903 deaths
Binghamton Bingoes players
Hamilton Clippers players
Oswego Starchboxes players
Toronto Canucks players
Binghamton Crickets (1880s) players
Elmira Hottentots players
Baltimore Orioles (IL) players
Jersey City Jerseys players
San Jose Dukes players
Oakland Colonels players
Detroit Creams players
Toledo White Stockings players
Portland Gladiators players
San Jose Brewers players
Stockton Wasps players
Sacramento Senators players
Bates's sunbird (Cinnyris batesi) is a species of sunbird in the family Nectariniidae which occurs in western and central Africa.
Description
Bates's sunbird is a very small dull green sunbird with a short, decurved bill a short tail and a yellowish belly. The male has dark olive upperparts, except for a vague pale supercilium, with paler greyer underparts with a pale buffy centre to the belly. The wings are dark brown with pale fringes and the tail is black with wide olive edges and tips to the outer tail feathers. There are long wispy yellow feathers on the sides of the breast, in the otherwise similar female these feathers are whiter and may be much reduced in length. They measure 9–10 cm in length and weigh 5.7–7g.
Distribution
Bates's sunbird is sparsely present across the African tropical rainforest ; also on Bioko.
Habitat
Bates's sunbird is found in the canopy of trees in primary rainforest, also at forest edges, secondary growth and cultivated areas with tall trees.
Habits
Bates's sunbirds feed on nectar from blossoms on flowering trees, Macaranga assas is known to be fed on. Also insects, spiders, berries and fruits. It will form small flocks of ten or so and will also join mixed species flocks. They are often seen on branches with a lot of moss and epiphytes. At night it is able to reduce its metabolism to save energy.
The nest is a hanging pocket made of pappus, dry leaves and spiders webs with green moss placed on the outside and lined with natural cotton-like fibres, it is suspended from a bush at about 3m above the ground or even from cables in abandoned buildings. 1-2 eggs are laid in July in Cameroon, December in the Democratic Republic of Congo and February in Gabon.
Naming
Its common name and Latin binomial commemorate George Latimer Bates (1863–1940), an American naturalist who traveled in West Africa.
References
Bates's sunbird
Birds of the Gulf of Guinea
Birds of the African tropical rainforest
Bates's sunbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Thomson TO9+ is a home computer introduced by French company Thomson SA in 1986. It kept the professional look of the Thomson TO9 by using a separate keyboard (lower end models usually had an integrated keyboard).
It's based on the Thomson TO8 and fully compatible with it. This also enables it to run Thomson MO6 software. The computer was designed to be used as a Minitel server and has a built-in V23 modem (with a speed of 1200/75 bauds). This feature was accessible under BASIC and from the communication software that came with the computer. The machine was sold with a word processing program (Paragraphe), a database (Fiches & Dossiers) and a spreadsheet (Multiplan).
Compared with the TO9, the TO9+ added:
Basic 512
512 KB RAM
double-sided floppy disk drive (640 kB)
integrated modem
two ports for mice or joysticks
Bibliography
References
6809-based home computers
Thomson computers
Asian Championships of Ski Mountaineering as multinational ski mountaineering competitions for participants of the Asian continent have been held since 2007.
The 2007 Asian Championship was organized by the Japan Mountaineering Association (JMA), and was sanctioned by the International Council for Ski Mountaineering Competitions (ISMC).
The second edition followed in China two years later, in 2009, after the Asia Ski Mountaineering Federation (ASMF) was born. It was officially sanctioned by the International Ski Mountaineering Federation (ISMF), which emerged from the ISMC in 2008. At this edition a vertical race and a relay race were added. So that the few female ski mountaineers could also participate in the relay race event, the teams were mixed with one female and three male racers.
The third edition, which was the second ISMF sanctioned Asian Championship, was carried out by the Korea Alpine Federation, South Korea, just in 2012, because the World Championship, which was originally planned for 2012 was moved to 2011.
Asian championships
http://www.ismf-ski.org/www/?q=content/ismf-race-calendar
References
Ski mountaineering
Recurring sporting events established in 2007
The Hive is a 2014 American science fiction horror film co-written and directed by David Yarovesky. The film was released in a limited release on September 14, 2015, by Nerdist Industries.
Plot
Infected with an unknown virus that mutated their body, Adam Goldstein wakes in a barricaded cabin with no immediate recollection of who they are or what has happened. Through a series of intermittent flashbacks, messages they wrote to himself, and clues such as sketches and photographs, Adam gradually pieces together the recent past.
Flashbacks to the 1980s show Russian scientist Dr. Yuri Yegorov performing experiments on restrained subjects in an attempt to connect their brains to a hive mind consciousness. The experiments succeed, but patients mutate, break free from their restraints, and cause chaos as they kill researchers in the lab. More recent flashbacks show Dr. Baker performing brain surgery on a little girl named Kayla who inexplicably recites a complex mathematical equation before dying during the operation. Based on what they saw with Kayla, Dr. Baker seeks funding for research into shared memories. A mysterious man in a suit sets up Dr. Baker in a lab with Dr. Yegorov's research as a starting point. Dr. Yegorov eventually comes to warn Dr. Baker that their research is dangerous and potentially evil. When Baker refuses to back down, Yegorov holds Baker at gunpoint while their men steal the hive virus samples used on test subjects. Yegorov's team escapes with the materials on a hijacked plane.
Adam remembers being a counselor at Camp Yellow Jacket with their friend Clark. Even though Adam has a history of sleeping around with women at the camp, including a secret affair with Clark's girlfriend Jess, Adam falls for a counselor named Katie and the two of them gradually foster a romance.
Yegorov's plane crashes in a nearby forest. Adam, Clark, Katie, and Jess investigate the crash site only to be attacked by a pilot infected with the hive virus. Clark crashes their vehicle when the quartet tries to escape. Everyone makes it back to camp on foot, but not before the pilot vomits a black substance that infects Jess.
Adam and Katie leave Clark with Jess in the infirmary while they go to radio for help. Adam then leaves Katie alone in a vehicle while they go on ahead to discover all the camp kids infected. Through hive mind voices, Jess reveals to Clark their affair with Adam. Clark exits the infirmary to hunt down Adam but Clark finds Katie and ends up infecting them
Infected Katie returns to the infirmary and tells Adam they should escape. Jess attacks Adam and they are forced to kill them to save himself. Adam locks Katie in a separate room to protect them but they infect them with the black substance before they lock the door. Adam leaves messages and clues for themselves to explain the situation for the time when the infection inevitably possesses him. They then succumbs to the virus and collapses. Adam preemptively uses their affection for Katie as a thought trigger to revive himself. They allow Clark into the cabin but is taunted by the hive mind voices and they need to beat Clark to death.
Although successfully disconnected from the hive mind, Adam realizes they can still tap into virtually anyone's memory. Adam frees Katie from the other room and tries to disconnect them from the hive. Katie remains possessed and Adam is forced to kill them They then uses a soldier's memory and a defibrillator to restart Katie's heart. Katie returns to life with regained control over their own sentience.
Adam and Katie flee the cabin, battle several people possessed by the hive, and eventually escape in a vehicle. However, Adam's narration intimates that the world was overrun by the infection and they planted false memories about their escape in Katie's mind to protect them from the truth.
Cast
Release
The film had its world premiere on September 19, 2014 at Fantastic Fest in Austin, Texas. It was presented at the 2015 San Diego Comic-Con International in July 2015, and was subsequently released to theaters and digital platforms by Nerdist Industries in Fall 2015. The film was released in a limited release on September 14, 2015, for one-night-only partnership with Fathom Events.
References
External links
2014 films
2014 horror films
American horror thriller films
American science fiction horror films
American nonlinear narrative films
American zombie films
Films about amnesia
Films about viral outbreaks
Films set in the 1980s
Films set in 2014
Films set in forests
2010s science fiction horror films
2014 horror thriller films
Legendary Pictures films
2010s English-language films
Films directed by David Yarovesky
2010s American films
Körslaget is a Swedish entertainment TV program on TV4. The format was developed by Friday TV and based on an idea from Caroline af Ugglas, Heinz Liljedahl and Patrik Hambraeus. A US version, Clash of the Choirs, was broadcast on NBC in December 2007.
In each season of Körslaget, seven known musicians from Sweden start their own choirs with 20 members in each. Each choir then performs one song in each program, and the audience then votes (either through a telephone call or SMS messaging) on the choir(s) they want to remain in the season. The team/choir with the fewest votes is eliminated in each program until one winning team remains; however, in the first program no team is eliminated. The winning team receives a certain amount of prize money to be donated to something in the city that the choir in question came from.
Seasons
Season 1
Körslaget 2008: The winners were Team Cans, led by Joacim Cans; the runners-up were Team Brolle, led by Brolle.
Season 2
Körslaget 2008/09: The winners were Team Hanna, led by Hanna Hedlund; the runners-up were Team Erik led by Erik Segerstedt
Season 3
Körslaget 2009: The winners were Team Ola, led by Ola Svensson; the runners-up were Team Stefan led by Stefan Nykvist.
Season 4
Körslaget 2010: The winners were Team Moraeus, led by Kalle Moraeus; the runners-up were Team Picasso led by Marie Picasso.
Season 5
Körslaget 2011: The winners were Team Andreas, led by Andreas Johnson; the runners-up were Team Gabriel led by Gabriel Forss.
Season 6
Körslaget 2012, the sixth season, began on 8 September 2012, and is scheduled to end on 20 October 2012. The seven choir line-ups consist of Anders Bagge's Team Bagge, Martin Rolinski's Team Rolinski, Gladys del Pilar's Team Gladys, Lili & Susie's Team Lili & Susie, Putte Nelsson's Team Putte, Louise Hoffsten's Team Hoffsten, and Bengan Janson's Team Bengan.
Season 7
Körslaget 2013, the seventh season, began on 7 September 2013 and ended on 19 October 2013. The 7 choirs were led by the Swedish artists Sonja Aldén (7th), Dogge Doggelito (6th), Wille Crafoord (5th), Andreas Weise (4th), Rickard Söderberg(3rd), Anna Book (2nd) and Elisa Lindström (1st).
References
External links
TV4 (Sweden) original programming
2008 Swedish television series debuts
2013 Swedish television series endings
"Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood" is a song written by Bennie Benjamin, Horace Ott and Sol Marcus for the American singer-songwriter and pianist Nina Simone, who recorded the first version in 1964. "Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood" has been covered by many artists. Two of the covers were transatlantic hits, the first in 1965 by The Animals, which was a blues rock version; and a 1977 by the disco group Santa Esmeralda, which was a four-on-the-floor rearrangement. A 1986 cover by new wave musician Elvis Costello found success in Britain and Ireland.
Nina Simone original
Composer and arranger Horace Ott came up with the melody and chorus lyrics after a temporary falling out with their girlfriend (and wife-to-be), Gloria Caldwell. Ott then brought it to writing partners Bennie Benjamin and Sol Marcus to complete. However, when it came time for songwriting credits, rules of the time prevented BMI writers (Ott) from officially collaborating with ASCAP members (Benjamin and Marcus), so Ott listed Caldwell's name instead of their own on the credits.
"Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood" was one of five songs written by Benjamin and Marcus and presented for Nina Simone's 1964 album Broadway-Blues-Ballads. There, the song was taken at a very slow tempo and arranged around the harp and other orchestral elements including a backing choir that appears at several points. Simone sings it in their typically difficult-to-categorize style.
To some writers, this version of "Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood" carried the subtext of the Civil Rights Movement that concerned much of Simone's work of the time; while to others this was more personal, and was the song, and phrase, that best exemplified Simone's career and life.
The Animals version
The Animals' lead singer Eric Burdon would later say of the song, "It was never considered pop material, but it somehow got passed on to us and we fell in love with it immediately."
The song was recorded in November 1964. The band became a trans-Atlantic hit in early 1965 for their rendition of the song, rising to No. 3 on the UK Singles Chart, No. 15 on the U.S. pop singles chart, and No. 4 in Canada.
Cash Box described it as "a striking combination of R&B and English-rock touches." This single was ranked by Rolling Stone at No. 322 on their list of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time.
During Animals concerts at the time, the group maintained the recorded arrangement, but Burdon sometimes slowed the vocal line down to an almost spoken part, recapturing a bit of the Simone flavor.
At the South by Southwest festival in 2012, Bruce Springsteen credited the song as the inspiration and the riff for their song "Badlands".
Santa Esmeralda version
A disco version of the song by the group Santa Esmeralda, which took The Animals' arrangement and transformed into a disco, flamenco, and other Latin rhythm and ornamentation elements to it, also became a hit in the late 1970s. Their version of the song was first released in summer 1977 as a 16-minute epic that took up an entire side of their Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood album which was picked up for greater worldwide distribution by their label at the time, Casablanca Records. The 12-inch club remix was extremely popular, reached No. 1 on the U.S. Billboard Club Play Singles chart and in some European countries as well. Though, the single peaked at No. 4 on the Hot Dance/Disco-Club Play chart.
Instrumental sections of this version were used in the 2003 Quentin Tarantino film Kill Bill: Volume I, during the final fight between The Bride and O-Ren Ishii.
Charts
Certifications
Elvis Costello version
British new wave musician Elvis Costello, under the label "The Costello Show", covered "Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood" for their 1986 album, King of America. The song was a late addition to the album; Costello had originally intended to record "I Hope You're Happy Now", but throat problems during the final sessions prevented them from doing so. Costello recalled,
Against Costello's wishes, their American record company, Columbia, insisted on releasing the song as the first single from King of America. The single reached No. 33 in the UK and No. 22 in Ireland, but did not chart in the US. They explained, "My US record company, Columbia, showed their customary imagination in releasing the safe 'cover' song as a single ahead of any of the more unusual and heartfelt balladry I had composed. 'Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood' made little impression, and my mounting debt to the company seemed to make them unwilling to risk any further effort on my behalf".
Martin Chilton of The Telegraph ranked the song as Costello's 26th best song out of 40, stating that Costello "sings it really well".
Emilio Campassi and the Canaris (Italian) version
Emilio Campassi and the Canaris in the single entitled Vai pure via (Go away) (Bluebell Records, BB 03147), in the 2001 compilation Magic Bitpop Vol. 19 (On Sale Music]], OSM 054)
Chart history
Weekly charts
The Animals
Ginette Reno
Santa Esmeralda
Elvis Costello (The Costello Show)
Joe Cocker
Year-end charts
The Animals
Santa Esmeralda
Reviewed versions
Stereogum reviewed cover versions of the song in 2015, including renditions by Joe Cocker, Yusuf Islam, and Lana Del Rey. A version by Cocker for theirs With a Little Help from My Friends album is "a thoroughly '60s rock reading, [...] even if it dispenses with the organ intro the Animals introduced into the equation, it does have a big organ solo section and that crying blues guitar intro". Cat Stevens converted to Islam and changed their name to Yusuf Islam; when they returned to popular music, they recorded an allusion to controversies in their life by way of "Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood", as featured on their 2006 album An Other Cup. Del Rey created a "burnt-out Pop Art takes on Americana" version of the song for their album Honeymoon.
References
1964 singles
1965 singles
1977 singles
1964 songs
Casablanca Records singles
Columbia Graphophone Company singles
Columbia Records singles
MGM Records singles
Number-one singles in Germany
Philips Records singles
Song recordings produced by Mickie Most
Songs written by Bennie Benjamin
Songs written by Sol Marcus
Jazz songs
Blues rock songs
Nina Simone songs
The Animals songs
Lana Del Rey songs
Santa Esmeralda songs
Disco songs
Anaïs Napoleón (Anne Tiffon Cassan; 1827 or 1831 in Narbonne, France – 1912 or 1916) was a French-Spanish photographer. They were one of the first women who made daguerreotypes in Spain. They were also a specialist in making business cards that included photographs. Napoleon was always very interested in learning about photographic advances and applied them to their work. Some evidence suggests that they were the only woman working with moving images.
They moved with their parents, Napoleon Tiffon (a "pedicure artist") and Marie Casan, to Barcelona in 1846, where they settled using the name "Napoleón". They married Antonio Fernández Soriano on 24 December 1850. In 1853, they settled into a small photography shop on the second floor of the boulevard in front of Santa Monica parish church. Anaïs called their husband Fernando because they did not like the name Fernandez. The business was named "Anais i Fernando", later renamed "". They specialized in portraits. The new business name was from Anaïs Napoleón's last name and not their husband's which was Soriano.
There is evidence of their activity in the La Rambla neighborhood from a notice published on July 31, 1853 in Correo de Barcelona. After acquiring the Lumière cinématographe, they opened a film theater on La Rambla de Santa Mónica and another on Avenida del Parelelo. They abandoned cinematography in 1908, but their photography studio was passed to their children, and after being run by three generations of the family, eventually closed in 1968. Anaïs Napoleón died in 1912.
References
Fontanella, L. (1981). La historia de la Fotografía en España desde sus orígenes hasta 1900. Madrid: Ediciones El Viso. p. 45. . (in Spanish)
López Mondéjar, Publio (1999). Historia de la fotografía en España (4th edition). Barcelona: Lunwerg editores. p. 65. . (in Spanish)
Bibliography
19th-century births
1910s deaths
Year of birth uncertain
Year of death uncertain
People from Narbonne
French photographers
Spanish photographers
French women photographers
Spanish women photographers
Portrait photographers
Vitaly Romanchuk (born 14 March 1950) is a Soviet water polo player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1976 Summer Olympics.
See also
List of world champions in men's water polo
List of World Aquatics Championships medalists in water polo
References
External links
1950 births
Living people
Soviet male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of the Soviet Union
Water polo players at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Minsk
Peter Ayodele Curtis Joseph (8 November 1920 – 15 December 2006) was born in Ikare, Nigeria. They were a left nationalist and the first Nigerian to receive a Lenin Peace Prize in 1965.
References
1920 births
2006 deaths
Lenin Peace Prize recipients
People from Ondo State
Solomons Lump Light is a lighthouse in the Chesapeake Bay, the abbreviated remains of a caisson light built in 1895. That structure replaced a screw-pile light built on the same spot in 1875, which in turn superseded the Fog Point Light.
History
The Fog Point Light, on the northwestern corner of Smith Island, marked the entrance to Kedges Strait from 1827. By 1872 it was held to be ineffective in protecting a shoal extending north from the island, and a new light was sought specifically to mark the shoal. In 1875 a five-legged screw-pile structure was built, which survived until 1893, when ice knocked it over. Initial plans to replace it with a new screw-pile light were changed when extra funds became available from the savings in constructing Wolf Trap Light in Virginia, so a caisson structure was erected instead in 1895, using the pneumatic process to sink it in place. The bottom being soft, the caisson sank further than expected, and an extra course of plates had to be added to the top. A brick tower and octagonal wooden house were erected on this foundation.
Originally the new light was given a fifth-order fresnel lens. In 1919, however, this lens was replaced with the fourth-order lens from Cherrystone Bar Light in Virginia. Automation came in 1950, and some years later the house was removed, leaving the brick tower standing off-center on the platform.
References
External links
Chesapeake Bay Lighthouse Project – Solomons Lump Light
Lighthouses completed in 1895
Smith Island, Maryland
Lighthouses in the Chesapeake Bay
Lighthouses in Somerset County, Maryland
1895 establishments in Maryland
Cavendish University Uganda (CUU) is licensed and accredited by the Uganda National Council for Higher Education (UNCHE), and was established in 2008. It is ranked 20th best university in Uganda and 10593th in the world.
Location
CUU's main campus is located at 1469 Ggaba Road, in Nsambya, a southern neighborhood of Kampala, the capital and largest city of Uganda. Nsambya is approximately , by road, south-east of the central business district of Kampala.
In August 2016, the university established a second campus in the Bukoto neighborhood, to accommodate law and health sciences faculties.
Overview
Cavendish University Uganda (CUU) is a higher institution of learning that was granted a letter of interim authority on 18 December 2007 to establish a private university under the Universities and Tertiary Institutions Act No. 7 of 2001.
CUU is fully licensed and accredited by the Uganda National Council for Higher Education (UNCHE), and was established in 2008.
The student-centric academic model of CUU deploys global best practices in teaching and learning and is aimed at fulfilling the Mission of CUU which is to transform students into responsible, educated, employable and entrepreneurial citizens (REEE).
Cavendish University Uganda offers market-relevant and accredited academic programmes which are hosted in its four Faculties of Law, Science & Technology, Business & Management, and Socio–Economic Sciences. There is also a School of Postgraduate Studies & Research.
Learning at CUU is innovative, student-centric, participatory, active and practical. A technology platform is deployed to support blended learning, projects, case studies, distance learning, and other forms of effective and active learning.
Cavendish University Uganda has a large student population hailing from over 15 different countries. More than 5,000 students have graduated from CUU in many different disciplines at certificate, diploma, bachelor's and master's levels since its inception.
History
The university opened with 45 students in the premises formerly occupied by Makerere High School on Makerere Hill. The student body grew to over 250 in 2009. In 2010, CUU moved to its campus on Ggaba Road, opposite the American Embassy.
Notable alumni
Political Figures and Government Employees
Persis Namuganza, Ugandan politician and the state minister for lands in the Cabinet of Uganda.
Film, Television and Radio
Bettinah Tianah, Ugandan television personality, actor, model, and fashionista.
Library resources
The university has a total of 5 library branches spread in different parts of Uganda, each representing a Campus or study centre, with electronic resources accessed through the country's consortium of Uganda University Libraries CUUL.
Courses offered
The following programmes are currently offered at CUU:
Postgraduate Programmes
Master of Business Administration
Master of Business Administration - Accounting & Finance
Master of Business Administration - Marketing
Master of Business Administration - Management
Master of Business Administration - Entrepreneurship
Master of Business Administration - Human Resources Management
Master of Business Administration - Procurement & Supply Chain Management
Master of Laws (LLM)
Master of Public Health
Master of Arts in International Relations & Diplomatic Studies
Master of Science in Project Management
Master of Security Studies
Postgraduate Diplomas
Postgraduate Diploma in Business Administration (PGD BA)
Undergraduate Programmes
Bachelor of Business Administration: Generic
Bachelor of Business Administration- Banking & Finance
Bachelor of Business Administration- Accounting & Finance
Bachelor of Business Administration- Procurement & Logistics
Bachelor of Business Administration- Human Resource Management
Bachelor of Business Administration - Management
Bachelor of Arts in International Relations and Diplomatic Studies
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science
Bachelor of Information Technology
Bachelor of Journalism & Communication Studies (Public Relations/Mass Communication)
Bachelor of Laws
Bachelor of Public Health
Bachelor of Science in Environmental Health Science
Bachelor of Science in Software Engineering
Bachelors in Economics and Statistics
Bachelor of Arts in Public Administration and Management
Bachelor of Mass Communication and Journalism
Bachelor of Environmental Health Science
Diplomas
Diploma in Computer Science
Diploma in Information Technology
See also
Makindye Division
List of universities in Uganda
Education in Uganda
References
External links
British Film Producer Challenges Their Expulsion From Uganda
Universities and colleges in Uganda
Makindye Division
Educational institutions established in 2008
2008 establishments in Uganda
Central Region, Uganda
Cyrtodactylus agarwali is a species of gecko endemic to India.
The gecko was named after Ishan Argawal, an Indian herpetologist.
References
Cyrtodactylus
Reptiles described in 2021
Nachiappan Chockalingam, professionally known as Nachi Chockalingam is a British scientist, academic practitioner and expert in Clinical Biomechanics.  They are a professor at Staffordshire University and a Fellow of the Institute of Physics and Engineering in Medicine and has been appointed to a panel of experts for the Research Excellence Framework. Between 2016 and 2022, they have contributed to the NIHR Research for Patient Benefit Panel and serves in multiple other review panels of global grant awarding bodies including the EPSRC, MRC and the European Commission. They contributed to development of podiatric biomechanics in the UK and played a pivotal role in the establishment of the journals such as the Footwear Science and is on the editorial panel for a number of scientific and clinical journals.
Education
Chockalingam holds a BEng in Electronics and Instrumentation Engineering from Annamalai University, India. In 1990, they obtained an MSc in Biomedical Engineering Science from Dundee University before proceeding to Staffordshire University where they completed a PhD in Clinical Biomechanics. Their doctoral research investigated the biomechanics of scoliosis.
Career and research
Chockalingam has international recognition in work across science, technology, engineering and medicine and has contributed extensively to synthesising scientific and clinical evidence. They have experience in the academic, industrial and clinical sectors through their collaboration with external partners in commercial consultancy, international policy and non-governmental organisations. Whilst playing a substantial role in establishing research and academic governance procedures including the establishment of research ethics policy at Staffordshire University, Chockalingam has set up the Centre for Biomechanics and Rehabilitation Technologies. They reached the position of the most senior professor at Staffordshire University and established the current version of the Staffordshire University Professoriate and led it between 2013 and 2020.
Chockalingam has made extensive academic contributions to understanding adolescent idiopathic scoliosis.  They are a founding member of the Diabetic Foot Research Group and a visiting professor at the University of Malta. They also have visiting positions in other academic institutions in India and China. Chockalingam has contributed to the development of a culturally competent model of diabetic foot screening at the primary healthcare level and has made important contributions to the identification of priority areas for diabetic foot screening and the provision of rehabilitation and assistive technology. Their current work focuses on policy areas related to Allied Health Professionals and telehealth. Chockalingam contributes to the developmental work on the provision of assistive technology in the ‘Global South' and continues to raise awareness on health inequalities and cultural competency in health screeing.
At a national level, for REF2021, Chockalingam has been appointed to the Panel of Experts within Subpanel 24 - Sport and Exercise Sciences, Leisure and Tourism.  They are also listed as an expert to the European Parliament in policy areas relating to the assessment of new and emerging technologies, and foresight on long-term scientific and technological trends.  They are a trustee for Age UK Staffordshire, Bionic Charity and recently Human Study AV. They were involved in the development of a Field Ventilator in response to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Awards and recognition
As a Freeman of the City of London, they are involved with the activities of the Worshipful Company of Engineers. They were presented with a Lord Mayor's COVID-19 Livery Award for their work on the innovative Field Ventilator project.
Publications
Chockalingam has numerous scholarly outputs which include peer-reviewed papers, published abstracts and book chapters, invited and keynote presentations at international conferences, national and regional meetings.
References
Living people
British scientists
Fellows of the Institute of Physics and Engineering in Medicine
Academics of Staffordshire University
Academic journal editors
Annamalai University alumni
Alumni of the University of Dundee
Year of birth missing (living people)
Lanzhousaurus (meaning "Lanzhou lizard") is a genus of ornithopod dinosaur. Lanzhousaurus lived in the Gansu region of what is now China during the Early Cretaceous (Barremian). A partial skeleton has been recovered from the Hekou Group. It was described by You, Ji and Li in 2005 and the type and only species is Lanzhousaurus magnidens. It's been estimated to be about 10 meters (33 feet) in length and 6 tonnes (6.6 short tons) in weight.
Dentition
The genus has been described as having "astonishingly huge teeth", among the largest for any herbivorous creature ever, which indicate it was a styracosternan iguanodont. The mandible, longer than one meter, suggests a very large size for the animal. Tooth enamel of this dinosaur was growing very rapidly.
References
Early Cretaceous dinosaurs of Asia
Fossil taxa described in 2005
Iguanodonts
Paleontology in Gansu
Ornithischian genera
Dan Druen was a Kentucky Transportation Cabinet official in the administration of Republican Governor of Kentucky Ernie Fletcher. Druen joined the Fletcher administration in 2004 and was appointed to the post of Deputy Commissioner of the Department of Administrative Services. Druen was later appointed to policy advisor and Commissioner of the Department of Administrative Services.
Background
Dan Druen attended the University of the District of Columbia, receiving degrees in Political Science and Mortuary Science.
classes of Washington D.C. During their tenure, Druen participated in the funeral services of Justice Harry Blackmun, The Washington Post editor Katharine Graham, General Benjamin O. Davis, Jr. and many others.
Fletcher Administration
With the support of U.S. Senator Mitch McConnell, Druen was hired into the administration of Governor of Kentucky Ernie Fletcher. Fletcher was the first Republican to be elected governor in Kentucky since 1967. Druen was hired in the Kentucky Transportation Cabinet in 2004 and was appointed to the post of Deputy Commissioner of the Department of Administrative Services. Druen was later appointed to policy advisor and Commissioner of the Department of Administrative Services.
Former Transportation Cabinet commissioner Dan Druen tried to influence a witness and shredded or altered documents that had been subpoenaed, a special grand jury charged in 2005.
The 21 felony counts returned against Druen are the most serious charges levied during the two-month investigation of personnel practices in Gov. Ernie Fletcher's administration.
Druen, who was asked to resign as commissioner of administrative services in the Transportation Cabinet, was previously charged with 13 misdemeanor personnel violations and a felony count of witness tampering.
The new witness tampering charge alleges Druen tried to influence the testimony of their former assistant, Cheryl Casey. Casey made their fourth appearance before the grand jury before the indictments were returned.
The 20 different charges of evidence tampering allege Druen "destroyed, mutilated, concealed or altered physical evidence" by "shredding of documentary evidence," which had been subpoenaed by the grand jury. The charges allege Druen destroyed the evidence between May 19 and May 25, 2005 which was just as the special grand jury investigation was ramping up.
Prosecutor Scott Crawford-Sutherland said the charges against Druen are all Class D felonies, each punishable by up to five years in prison.
External links
Interview with Lexington Herald-Leader over hiring scandal
Bio article in Lexington Herald-Leader
Druen ordered to appear as witness
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Recipients of American gubernatorial pardons
Kentucky Republicans
University of the District of Columbia alumni
The S13 is a regional railway line of the S-Bahn Zürich on the Zürcher Verkehrsverbund (ZVV), Zürich transportation network, in the cantons of Schwyz and Zürich.
Route
The line runs from Einsiedeln (SZ) to Wädenswil (ZH) on the Wädenswil–Einsiedeln railway line. Unlike other Zürich S-Bahn lines, it does not pass through Zürich HB. Connecting trains are offered at Biberbrugg (S31, S40, Voralpen-Express) and Wädenswil (S2, S8, S25, InterRegios).
The S13 is operated with single-deck Stadler FLIRT and FLIRT-III EMUs owned by Südostbahn (SOB).
Stations
Einsiedeln
Biberbrugg
Schindellegi-Feusisberg
Samstagern
Grüenfeld
Burghalden
Wädenswil
Scheduling
The train frequency is usually 30 minutes and the trip takes 24 minutes.
See also
Rail transport in Switzerland
Trams in Zürich
References
ZVV official website: Routes & zones
Zürich S-Bahn lines
Transport in the canton of Zürich
Canton of Schwyz
is a 2001 puzzle arcade game developed and released in Japan by Namco for its System 10 hardware. It is the third installment in its Mr. Driller series, and the last released for arcades. Controlling one of seven characters, players must make it to the bottom of the level by destroying colorful formations of blocks. G introduces several new ideas to the series, such as power-ups, a story campaign, and online multiplayer.
The game was developed by Project Driller, the nickname given to Namco's Creative Department #2. Production was headed by series producer Hideo Yoshizawa and Yasuhito Nagaoka. G was intended as the last game in the series, leading to the addition of a larger cast of characters and proper introduction to the in-game world. It was also designed to bridge connections with Dig Dug, an older Namco arcade game that served as inspiration for Mr. Driller. The soundtrack was composed by Go Shiina, featuring a distinct mix of acid house and jazzy J-Pop compositions.
Mr. Driller G performed well in arcades, leading to a home release on the PlayStation the same year. The game was well-received both at release and retrospectively, and is cited as one of the best games in the series. Reviewers praised its visual presentation, amount of content, soundtrack, and additions to the gameplay of its predecessors. In 2013, it was digitally re-released in Japan for the PlayStation Network.
Gameplay
Mr. Driller G is a puzzle game similar to Puyo Puyo (1990) and the classic arcade game Dig Dug (1982). The story revolves around Susumu Hori, the titular Mr. Driller, and their friends trying to stop the villainous Dr. Manhole and their Ankoku Drillers from destroying the world with giant drills. G has a greater emphasis on story compared to its predecessors, with stylized anime-esc intermissions preceding levels. Players choose from one of seven characters to play as: Susumu Hori, the protagonist; Ataru Hori, Susumi's self-contained older brother; Taizo Hori, the protagonist of Dig Dug; Puchi, Susumu's dog; Anna Hottenmeyer, a rival driller from Germany; and Holinger-Z, a drilling robot.
In each level, players must make it to the bottom of a well by destroying, or "drilling", colorful formations of blocks. Destroying blocks results in those above it falling and connecting with similarly-colored ones; should four or more matching blocks connect, they will be destroyed, which is useful for creating chain reactions. Blocks will also fall if there is nothing underneath to support them, which can crush players that are underneath them. Players will need to manage their constantly-depleting oxygen, which acts as both a health bar and a timer. Oxygen is replenished by collecting blue air capsules, while oxygen is lost by destroying brown X-marked blocks. If a player is next to a block with an open space above it, they can "jump" to that block. There are also power-up items scattered around levels, such as those that provide a protective shield or refill the player's oxygen to 100%.
The PlayStation version of Mr. Driller G features multiple additions to the game. The main focus is Scenario Driller, an adventure-based story mode where players control each character through a series of levels as they ultimately team up to stop Dr. Manhole. Dristone Mode takes a different approach from the core gameplay, instead playing more like an action role-playing game. Players lose one percent of oxygen by destroying a block, instead of losing it gradually. Destroying certain blocks reveals gems known as Dristones, which are stored in the player's inventory. Depending on their color, Dristones can have a wide array of effects, such as destroying all blocks of a same color on the screen or warping the player back to a previous section. In the multiplayer mode, two players could compete against each other online by connecting to Namco-operated network services through a computer or mobile phone.
Development and release
Mr. Driller G was designed by Project Driller, the nickname given to Namco's Creative Department #2. Production was led by series producer Hideo Yoshizawa and R4: Ridge Racer Type 4 director Yasuhito Nagaoka. Yoshizawa intended G to be the final entry in the series; as such, it was designed to expand on the Mr. Driller universe with an extensive cast of characters and to bridge the connection between Mr. Driller and its predecessor series Dig Dug. The soundtrack was composed by Go Shiina, who is known for their work on franchises such as Tales and God Eater. Where as the first two Mr. Driller games' music were known for its acid house inspiration, the one in G adds new types of music such as jazzy J-Pop. Minoru Sashida, the head graphic designer for Ace Combat 3: Electrosphere, was responsible for the game's bright, visually-distinctive menu interface and graphics. The designs for the new characters were provided by Kaori Shinozaki, as they had done for the first Mr. Driller.
Namco demonstrated Mr. Driller G at the 2001 Amusement Operators Union (AOU) tradeshow in February, presented alongside the lightgun shooter Vampire Night. According to Edge magazine, it attracted considerable attention from attendees. The game was released in Japan in March, running on the company's PlayStation-based System 10 arcade system board. A home release for the PlayStation was released in Japan on November 22, which added new modes and gameplay features. Computer and Video Games reported that Namco was looking to find a publisher for the game in Europe, but G ultimately remained Japan-exclusive. Mr. Driller G was digitally re-released for the PlayStation Network in Japan under the Game Archives series in June 26, 2013.
Reception
According to Game Machine, a Japanese arcade trade publication, Mr. Driller G performed well in arcades; its April 15, 2001 issue reported that it was the second best-selling arcade game in Japan, behind Capcom's Street Fighter Zero 3 Upper. The PlayStation version sold 10,938 copies during its first week on the market, and was awarded the Silver Hall of Fame award by Famitsu.
Both at release and retrospectively, Mr. Driller G was well received. Greg, a writer for the French magazine Joypad, believed it was the best Mr. Driller game up to that point. Critics were pleased with the game's amount of content and additions to the gameplay of the series. Masumi Kawamoto of Game Watch called it "the culmination of the series", recommending it to those who haven't played the original or Mr. Driller 2 yet. Mediums Kat Koller agreed, applauding its wide array of playmodes and inventive gameplay mechanics. In a preview, Computer & Video Games writer Paul praised the addition of multiplayer and power-ups, features that were previously absent from its predecessors.
The gameplay and visuals also received praise. Retronauts co-founder Jeremy Parish outright stated G is "essentially the pinnacle of the Mr. Driller arcade experience", and worth importing from the Japanese PlayStation Network. Kawamoto
shared their admiration of the game's sound effects and music, in addition to the extensive cast of characters. Koller applauded the presentation for its slick aesthetic and its characters for being visually-distinctive from one another. They concluded their review with: "It builds on what works in the two games before it, and it successfully establishes the basis for the two that would come later. Mr. Driller G is Great. And now you know what it stands for".
Notes
References
2001 video games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Namco games
Namco arcade games
Japan-exclusive video games
PlayStation (console) games
Puzzle video games
Video games developed in Japan
Carenum splendens is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Castelnau in 1867.
References
splendens
Taxa named by François-Louis Laporte, comte de Castelnau
Beetles described in 1867
Ailwyn Edward Fellowes, 1st Baron Ailwyn (10 November 1855 – 23 September 1924), was a British business person, farmer and Conservative politician. They were a member of Arthur Balfour's cabinet as President of the Board of Agriculture between March and December 1905.
Background and education
Fellowes was born at Haveringland Hall, Norfolk, the younger son of Edward Fellowes (later Baron de Ramsey) and Mary Julia, daughter of George Milles, 4th Baron Sondes. William Fellowes, 2nd Baron de Ramsey, was their elder brother. They were educated at Eton and Trinity Hall, Cambridge. They trained as a barrister, but never qualified, turning instead to agriculture and politics. They inherited Honingham Hall in Norfolk from their aunt in 1887 and devoted much of their time to running and improving it.
Political career
Fellowes unsuccessfully contested Mid Norfolk in 1885 and North Norfolk in 1886 but won Ramsey in 1887 in a by-election following their brother's succession to the peerage. They held office under Lord Salisbury as Vice-Chamberlain of the Household between 1895 and 1900 and under Salisbury and Arthur Balfour as a Lord of the Treasury between 1900 and 1905. In March 1905 they were sworn of the Privy Council and appointed President of the Board of Agriculture by Balfour, with a seat in the cabinet, a post they held until the government fell in December 1905.
Between 1917 and 1919 Fellowes was chairperson of the Agricultural Wages Board and deputy director of Food Production. Apart from their involvement in national politics they were chairperson of Norfolk County Council from 1920, having been an alderman for many years. Fellowes was made a deputy lieutenant of Norfolk in 1909. They were appointed a Knight Commander of the Royal Victorian Order (KCVO) in 1911, after serving as deputy president of the Royal Agricultural Show to The King (George V), and a Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1917. In the 1921 Birthday Honours they were raised to the peerage as Baron Ailwyn, of Honingham in the County of Norfolk.
Business career
Fellowes was also director of the London and North Eastern Railway, Norwich Union and the National Provident Association and deputy chairperson of the Great Eastern Railway.
Family
Lord Ailwyn married the Honourable Agatha Eleanor Augusta, daughter of Hedworth Jolliffe, 2nd Baron Hylton, at St Paul's Church, Knightsbridge, on 9 February 1886. They had four sons:
Ronald Townshend Fellowes, 2nd Baron Ailwyn (7 December 1886 – 30 August 1936)
Eric William Edward Fellowes, 3rd Baron Ailwyn (24 November 1887 – 23 March 1976)
Capt. Hon. Hedworth George Ailwyn Fellowes (10 July 1891 – 12 May 1917), killed in the First World War.
Carol Arthur Fellowes, 4th Baron Ailwyn (23 November 1896 – 27 September 1988)
Lord Ailwyn died at Honingham Hall in September 1924, aged 68, and was buried in the grounds of the local church. Lady Ailwyn died in July 1938.
References
External links
1855 births
1924 deaths
Barons in the Peerage of the United Kingdom
Deputy Lieutenants of Norfolk
Knights Commander of the Royal Victorian Order
Knights Commander of the Order of the British Empire
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
Members of Norfolk County Council
People educated at Eton College
Alumni of Trinity Hall, Cambridge
Younger sons of barons
Fellowes, Ailwyn
Fellowes, Ailwyn
Fellowes, Ailwyn
Fellowes, Ailwyn
UK MPs who were granted peerages
Members of the Cabinet of the United Kingdom
People from Broadland (district)
English farmers
Directors of the Great Eastern Railway
People from Honingham
Conservative Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
Peers created by George V
Derrick Evans (born April 2, 1985) is an American politician and convicted felon. They served as a member of the West Virginia House of Delegates for the 19th district from December 1, 2020, to January 9, 2021. Evans participated in the 2021 United States Capitol attack, an action for which they were criminally charged. They were arrested on January 8, 2021 and resigned from the House of Delegates the next day. On March 18, 2022, they pleaded guilty to a felony charge of civil disorder and was sentenced to 90 days in prison in June 2022.
Early life and education
Evans is a native of Prichard, West Virginia. After attending Marshall University for one year, they earned a bachelor's degree from West Liberty University.
Career
Early career
Evans worked as a high school teacher and football coach in Wayne County, coaching football at Tolsia High School from 2013 to 2017. In January 2017, they were hired to be an assistant quarterback coach for the Virginia Tech Hokies football team.
Anti-abortion activities
Before pursuing elected office, Evans was known as a confrontational local anti-abortion protester who, over the course of 2018 and 2019, harassed patients, staff, and volunteer escorts at the only clinic in West Virginia that performed abortions. Evans would livestream themselves confronting people outside the clinic to tens of thousands of viewers. In addition to shouting abuse, Evans would livestream themselves repeating clinic workers' names over and over and screaming their personal details. Their activities prompted the clinic to put up a 10-foot high fence and alert police. Evans' harassment led a woman to file for and receive a restraining order over "alleged stalking and repeated threats of bodily injury"; Evans subsequently violated the order.
Evans also frequently appeared at the West Virginia State Capitol, where they took photographs and videos of state legislators. Democratic State Delegate Danielle Walker said that Evans referred to them as "satanic" and equated their support for LGBTQ rights to defending pedophilia.
Politics
Evans represented the 19th district from their hometown of Prichard, West Virginia. They assumed office on December 1, 2020.
Evans was embroiled in controversy during their campaign stemming from their membership in a Facebook group chat in which homophobic and Islamophobic language was used. Fellow Delegate John Mandt, an alleged participant in the group chat, claimed that the messages attributed to them were fabricated but nonetheless announced their resignation. Evans not only confirmed their own participation in the group chat, but said that they stood by their comments calling Nihad Awad a "terrorist."
Participation in the 2021 Capitol attack
Evans participated in the storming of the United States Capitol on January 6, 2021. Social media posts by Evans depict them traveling to Washington, D.C., with a busload of fellow Donald Trump supporters.
Evans had been telling their 30,000 Facebook followers to "Fight For Trump" in D.C. and at the rally posted a video in which they said, "If Pence betrays us you better get your mind right because we're storming that building," laughingly adding "I'm just the messenger, so don't be hating on me." Associated Press notes that in a video of Evans as they were attempting to breach the Capitol, they also could be heard chanting Trump's name repeatedly. Evans subsequently denied involvement in any destruction of property that took place during the riot, claiming that they were "simply there as an independent member of the media to film history."
Evans crossed the downed fence and entered the Capitol building filming themselves inside shouting "We're in, we're in. Derrick Evans is in the Capitol!" Telling the crowd, "We're in! Keep it moving, baby!" And later "Our house!" Inside the Capitol halls they said, "I don't know where we're going. I'm following the crowd."
Their actions were condemned by West Virginia's state House Speaker Roger Hanshaw, state House Minority Leader Doug Skaff, U.S. Senator Joe Manchin, and Governor Jim Justice.
Two days later, Evans was arrested and charged with one count of "knowingly entering or remaining in any restricted building or grounds without lawful authority" and one count of "violent entry and disorderly conduct on Capitol Grounds."
Evans resigned on January 10, 2021, apologizing and saying, "I take full responsibility for my actions."
They pleaded not guilty to four misdemeanor charges in May 2021. In July 2021, a grand jury returned a five-count indictment against Evans, including the four previously charged misdemeanors and a new felony charge, obstructing an official proceeding and aiding or abetting. Negotiation of a possible plea agreement was ongoing in August 2021. On February 3, 2022, the day before Evans was supposed to appear in court for a hearing, Evans struck a plea agreement and lawyers asked the court for a hearing later in the month without releasing the terms of the plea agreement.
On March 18, 2022, Evans pleaded guilty to a felony charge of civil disorder stemming from the Capitol riot. Evans was sentenced to three months in prison on June 22, 2022.
Personal life
Evans and their wife Melissa have four children and live in Wayne County, West Virginia.
References
External links
Biography at Ballotpedia
Webpage (archived) at West Virginia House of Delegates
1985 births
Convicted participants in the January 6 United States Capitol attack
21st-century American politicians
Candidates in the 2016 United States elections
Coaches of American football from West Virginia
Living people
Members of the West Virginia House of Delegates
People from Wayne County, West Virginia
Prisoners and detainees of the United States federal government
Schoolteachers from West Virginia
West Liberty University alumni
West Virginia Democrats
West Virginia Libertarians
West Virginia Republicans
Virginia Tech Hokies football coaches
West Virginia politicians convicted of crimes
Criminals from West Virginia
American male criminals
American government officials convicted of crimes
Brotherhood (Ikhwène) is a short film, directed by Meryam Joobeur and released in September 2018.
Summary
A co-production of companies from Canada, Tunisia, Qatar and Sweden, the film explores the tensions within a Tunisian family when a man who has been away for several years returns home with a new Syrian wife who wears the full niqab, igniting their father's suspicions that their son has been working for the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant.
Inspiration
The film's title was chosen to reflect both the familial connotations of the word "brotherhood" and its use in the name of the controversial Islamist organization Muslim Brotherhood.
Accolades
The film premiered at the 2018 Toronto International Film Festival, where it won the award for Best Canadian Short Film. In December 2018, it was named in the TIFF's year-end Canada's Top Ten list.
At the 21st Quebec Cinema Awards in 2019, the film won the Prix Iris for Best Short Film. The film received a nomination for the Best Live Action Short Film at the 92nd Academy Awards.
References
External links
MUBI
2018 films
Qatari drama films
Swedish short films
Swedish drama films
Arabic-language Canadian films
Tunisian short films
Tunisian drama films
Canadian drama short films
2010s Canadian films
2010s Swedish films
Pulu (Finnish for "Pigeon") is the 1998 debut album of Ismo Alanko Säätiö. The newly formed band's sound has influences from Finnish folk music. An important part of the album's sound is reputed accordionist Kimmo Pohjonen. Pulu reached number one on the Finnish album charts.
In "Rakkaus on ruma sana", Alanko criticizes the Finnish word "rakkaus" ("love") for being ugly. The song title can be translated as "Love Is a Bad Word", "Love Is an Ugly Word", or even "Rakkaus Is an Ugly Word". Alanko later used the same title when they released a book of their song lyrics, Rakkaus on ruma sana - valitut laulutekstit (2004).
"Tuulipuvun tuolla puolen" ("Beyond the tracksuit") is a reference to the Finnish tango Satumaa that begins with "Aavan meren tuolla puolen" ("Beyond the wide ocean"). It was also the name of the concert tour that followed the release of Pulu.
Track listing
All songs by Ismo Alanko.
"Värityskirja" – 5:07
"Päivän uutinen" – 4:24
"Rakkaus on ruma sana" – 3:48
"Pisaroi" – 6:30
"Maalausliike" – 4:04
"Tango Yössä" – 4:06
"Lihaa ja verta" – 3:09
"Vaiennut hiljaisuus" – 6:02
"Sairaat" – 3:41
"Pulu" – 4:33
"Tuulipuvun tuolla puolen" – 4:11
Personnel
Ismo Alanko – vocals, guitar, piano, cello
Kimmo Pohjonen – accordion, harmonica, vocals
Teho Majamäki – vibraphone, marimba, organ, percussion
Jussi Kinnunen – bass, vocals
Marko Timonen – drums, percussion
Kari Kriikku – clarinet (on #1 and #11)
Jukka Orma – guitar (on #4 and #6)
Pemo Ojala – trumpet (on #4)
Sanna Kurki-Suonio – vocals (on #5, #7 and #10)
Notes
1998 debut albums
Ismo Alanko Säätiö albums
Deer Lodge County is a county in the U.S. state of Montana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 9,421. It forms a consolidated city-county government with its county seat of Anaconda. The county was established in 1865.
History
Deer Lodge was one of the original 9 Montana counties, as constituted with the establishment of Montana Territory in 1864. The original county included what are now Silver Bow County (separated in 1881), Deer Lodge County, Granite County (separated in 1893) and Powell County (separated in 1901).
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has an area of , of which is land and (0.6%) is water. It is the second-smallest county in Montana by area.
The county has a wealth of natural amenities, such as the Anaconda Mountain Range, Georgetown Lake, and the Mount Haggin wildlife management area (Montana's largest at 54,000 acres).
Major highways
Interstate 90
U.S. Highway 10 (Former)
Montana Highway 1
Montana Highway 43
Montana Highway 48
Adjacent counties
Granite County - northwest
Powell County - north
Jefferson County - east
Silver Bow County - southeast
Beaverhead County - south
Ravalli County - west
National protected areas
Beaverhead National Forest (part)
Deerlodge National Forest (part)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the 2000 United States census, there were 9,417 people, 3,995 households, and 2,524 families living in the county. The population density was 13 people per square mile (5/km2). There were 4,958 housing units at an average density of 7 per square mile (3/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 95.87% White, 0.17% Black or African American, 1.77% Native American, 0.36% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.18% from other races, and 1.64% from two or more races. 1.65% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 21.3% were of Irish, 21.2% German, 7.1% English, 6.5% American and 6.4% Norwegian ancestry. 96.3% spoke English, 1.4% Spanish and 1.2% German as their first language.
There were 3,995 households, out of which 25.80% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.00% were married couples living together, 9.40% had a female householder with no husband present, and 36.80% were non-families. 33.40% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.70% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.84.
The county population contained 22.50% under the age of 18, 7.90% from 18 to 24, 24.00% from 25 to 44, 26.80% from 45 to 64, and 18.80% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females there were 99.80 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.30 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $26,305, and the median income for a family was $36,158. Males had a median income of $27,230 versus $18,719 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,580. About 11.60% of families and 15.80% of the population were below the poverty line, including 21.40% of those under age 18 and 9.80% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States census, there were 9,298 people, 4,018 households, and 2,350 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 5,122 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 93.1% white, 3.1% American Indian, 0.4% black or African American, 0.3% Asian, 0.5% from other races, and 2.5% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.9% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 30.2% were German, 26.2% were Irish, 9.2% were English, 8.5% were Norwegian, 5.9% were Italian, 5.2% were Swedish, and 2.6% were American.
Of the 4,018 households, 22.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.8% were married couples living together, 9.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 41.5% were non-families, and 36.1% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.11 and the average family size was 2.73. The median age was 46.0 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $35,310 and the median income for a family was $51,076. Males had a median income of $32,477 versus $26,250 for females. The per capita income for the county was $21,921. About 9.6% of families and 21.2% of the population were below the poverty line, including 30.6% of those under age 18 and 6.9% of those age 65 or over.
Government and politics
Deer Lodge County is the most consistently Democratic county in Montana when it comes to presidential elections. It has not supported a Republican candidate since Calvin Coolidge in 1924. In the last five elections the Democratic candidate has won by 21% to nearly 49% of Deer Lodge County's vote. However, in 2016, Hillary Clinton failed to garner a majority of the votes. This was the first time a Democrat had not obtained a majority since 1924. In gubernatorial elections the last most recent Republican to carry the county was Marc Racicot in the 1996 election. In that election the original Democratic nominee, Chet Blaylock, died and Marc Racicot carried every county.
It is currently in the 43rd district of the Montana Senate and as such has been represented by Democrat Jesse Laslovich since 2004. In the Montana House of Representatives it is in the 85th district and as such has been represented by Democrat Cynthia Hiner since 2004.
Communities
City
Anaconda
Unincorporated communities
Galen
Georgetown
Opportunity
Warm Springs
Note: the town of Deer Lodge is in neighboring Powell County.
Notable people
Lucille Ball – actor and television star, most notably on I Love Lucy
John H. Collins – classical scholar.
Frank Cope – New York Giants offensive lineman
Marcus Daly – founder of Anaconda, and one of the "Copper Kings" of Butte.
Wayne Estes – college basketball star
Raymond Hunthausen – Archbishop of Seattle
Rob Johnson – San Diego Padres catcher
Nancy Keenan – politician, NARAL president
George A. Lingo – politician in the Alaska Territory
Roger Rouse – Professional Boxer
George Leo Thomas – Roman Catholic Bishop of Helena
Lester Thurow – economist
John H. Tolan – later a United States Congressman from California, was an attorney of the county from 1904 through 1906.
See also
Atlantic Cable Quartz Lode
List of lakes in Deer Lodge County, Montana
List of mountains in Deer Lodge County, Montana
National Register of Historic Places listings in Deer Lodge County, Montana
References
Sources
External links
Anaconda and Deer Lodge Local News
1865 establishments in Montana Territory
Populated places established in 1865
Rossington is an unincorporated community in central Alberta within Westlock County, located north of Highway 18, northwest of St. Albert.
Localities in Westlock County
Mount Cliche is a mountain in Le Granit Regional County Municipality, in administrative region of Estrie, Quebec, in Canada. It is part of Appalachian Mountains; its altitude is .
Geography
The mountain is located in range 4 which leads to lac aux Araignées in the municipality of Frontenac.
Toponymy
The toponym "Mont Cliche" was formalized on December 5, 1968 by the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
Notes and references
Appalachian summits
Summits of Estrie
Le Granit Regional County Municipality
Mountains of Quebec under 1000 metres
Peretu is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Peretu.
The commune is situated in the Wallachian Plain, southeast of Roșiorii de Vede and northwest of the county seat, Alexandria.
See also
Helmet of Peretu
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
Sean Huze (born January 18, 1975) is an American actor, screenwriter and playwright.
Early life
Huze was born in Greenwood, Mississippi and grew up in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. They moved to Los Angeles, California in 1999 to pursue a career as an actor. They appeared in a few small television and independent film roles in 2000 and 2001 prior to enlisting in the US Marine Corps.
Military career
In response to the September 11, 2001 attacks, Sean Huze enlisted in the United States Marine Corps. They reported October 30, 2001 to boot camp at Marine Corps Recruit Depot San Diego. After completing bootcamp and infantry training at Camp Pendleton, California they reported to their permanent duty station at Camp Lejeune, North Carolina, with 2nd Light Armored Reconnaissance Battalion (2D LAR). In February 2003, Huze deployed with their unit to Kuwait in preparation for the invasion of Iraq in March. They fought with their unit in the Battle of Nasiriyah. They completed one tour of duty in Iraq and received several medals and citations with the highest being the Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal during their enlistment. All of their writings to date deal with the subject of the 2003 Iraq War. They were discharged from the USMC in 2005.
Film career
Huze returned to Los Angeles and co-produced their first play The Sandstorm which they had previously produced for a limited engagement in September 2004. The Los Angeles Times called it a "heart-clutching, eye-witness mosaic," and praised its "shocking force and awesome honesty," and it garnered a Critic's Pick from Backstage West which stated simply that "it deserves to be seen and heard." D.C. theatre producer Charlie Fink saw the play while in Los Angeles on unrelated business. After seeing the performance that night they acquired rights to produce The Sandstorm'''s East Coast premiere. The Sandstorm debuted on the East Coast on August 20, 2005, in Alexandria, VA at MetroStage serving the Washington, D.C. area. The Sandstorm was an editor's pick in The Washington Post and praised by The Examiner, The Hill, Potomac Stages, Curtain Up D.C. and other D.C. periodicals. The Sandstorm has been produced in dozens of U.S. cities and was translated into German and was a radio-play in Germany in 2007. Huze's second play, Weasel premiered in 2005 as part of The Kennedy Center's "Page to Stage" festival. Their third play, The Wolf premiered in Los Angeles, CA in March 2007.
Sean has also appeared in several feature films since returning to Los Angeles including the Paul Haggis written and directed drama, In the Valley of Elah with Tommy Lee Jones, John Erick Dowdle's horror film The Poughkeepsie Tapes, Paul Greengrass' Green Zone starring Matt Damon, and Paul Haggis' The Next Three Days'', released November 19, 2010 and starring Russell Crowe.
References
External links
1975 births
21st-century American dramatists and playwrights
United States Marines
United States Marine Corps personnel of the Iraq War
American male film actors
Living people
People from Greenwood, Mississippi
Khel – No Ordinary Game () is a 2003 Indian Hindi action film directed by Yusuf Khan. The film stars Sunny Deol, Sunil Shetty and Celina Jaitly in lead roles. Former Indian cricketer Ajay Jadeja makes their Bollywood debut, playing an important supporting role in the film. It was released on 3 October 2003.
Synopsis
Multi-millionaire industrialist Dev Mallya (Sunil Shetty) takes a personal interest in an attractive interior designer Saanjh Batra (Celina Jaitly), and wants to marry them They start by hiring them to re-do the interior of their palatial home. They make it a point to be pleasant to them and their mom, Mrs. Kiran Batra. One day Dev finds out that Saanjh has some feelings for their friend, Rohan Potdar (Ajay Jadeja), and this knowledge makes them insecure. Shortly after, Rohan is arrested for murder, is tried, and sentenced to life imprisonment. This news breaks Saanjh's heart, and they eventually consent to marry Dev. All is perfect in Dev's world, until ACP Rajvir Scindia (Sunny Deol) announces the re-opening of the case against Rohan Potdar, as they are convinced that Rohan is the victim of a conspiracy.
Cast
Sunny Deol as A.C.P. Rajveer Scindia
Suniel Shetty as Dev Mallya
Ajay Jadeja as Rohan Potdar
Celina Jaitly as Saanjh Batra
Gulshan Grover as Inspector Khushwant Chhadha
Suhasini Mulay as Daadi
Vivek Shauq as Girish Mathur
Supriya Karnik as Kiran S. Batra, Saanjh's mother.
Anil Kanyal as Kanyal G.
Music
Music by Daboo Malik, Babbu Mann and Dudes Music Company.
"Kiya Hai Jadu Iss Kadar - Shaan, Shailendra Kumar, S. P. Sailaja
"Sharrata" — Sukhwinder Singh, Babbu Maan
"Chori Chori Mere Dil Ko" - Sunidhi Chauhan, Shaan
"Jadu Sa Mujhpe Chal Raha" - Kumar Sanu, Kavita Krishnamurthy
"Moment Of Love" - S. P. Sailaja
"Tumko Kitna Hai Mujhse Pyar" - Sonu Nigam, Sunidhi Chauhan
"Moment of Passion" - Kumar Sanu
Critical reception
The film was released on 3 October 2003, and was declared a flop at the Indian box office .
References
External links
2003 films
2000s Hindi-language films
Films scored by Daboo Malik
Indian action thriller films
2003 action thriller films
The 48th New York State Legislature, consisting of the New York State Senate and the New York State Assembly, met from January 4 to April 21, 1825, during the first year of DeWitt Clinton's second tenure as Governor of New York, in Albany.
Background
Under the provisions of the New York Constitution of 1821, 32 Senators were elected on general tickets in eight senatorial districts for four-year terms. They were divided into four classes, and every year eight Senate seats came up for election. Assemblymen were elected countywide on general tickets to a one-year term, the whole Assembly being renewed annually.
The previous session had been dominated by the controversy about the presidential succession, and the question how to choose presidential electors. Party lines broke down when Martin Van Buren tried to have the "Bucktails" faction of the Democratic-Republican Party support William H. Crawford for U.S. president. A large part of the Bucktails favored John Quincy Adams, Henry Clay, Andrew Jackson and John C. Calhoun as possible presidential candidates, and proposed to have the presidential electors elected by the people in districts, similar to the congressional elections. The Anti-Crawford factions became known as the "People's Party", and they joined forces with the "Clintonians" (supporters of DeWitt Clinton, opposed to the Bucktails). The rump Bucktail faction (which followed Van Buren) was called the "Regency Party" by their opponents, a reference to the Albany Regency.
On April 3, a caucus of Bucktail legislators, consisting of the Regency men and a minority of People's men, nominated Canal Commissioner Samuel Young for Governor; and Lt. Gov. Erastus Root for re-election.
On September 22, a State convention "in favor of a new electoral law", consisting of about 30 People's men and about 90 Clintonians, nominated Ex-Gov. DeWitt Clinton for Governor, and Assemblyman James Tallmadge, Jr. (PP) for Lieutenant Governor.
Elections
The State election was held from November 1 to 3, 1824. DeWitt Clinton and James Tallmadge Jr. were elected in a landslide.
Cadwallader D. Colden (1st D.), Wells Lake (2nd D.), Richard McMichael (3rd D.), George Brayton (5th D.), Stukely Ellsworth (6th D.), John C. Spencer (7th D.); and Assemblymen John Crary (4th D.) and Samuel Wilkeson (8th D.) were elected to the Senate. Lake and Ellsworth were Bucktails, the other six were Clintonians.
Sessions
The Legislature met for the regular session at the Old State Capitol in Albany on January 4, 1825, and adjourned on April 21.
Clarkson Crolius (PP) was elected Speaker with 109 votes out of 122.
In their message to the Legislature, Gov. Clinton recommended enacting that presidential electors be chosen by the people, by general ticket and a plurality of votes.
On February 1, the Legislature failed to elect a successor to U.S. Senator Rufus King, and the seat became vacant on March 4, 1825.
On February 16, the Legislature elected Gamaliel H. Barstow (Clint.) to succeed Abraham Keyser, Jr. (Buckt.) as New York State Treasurer.
State Senate
Districts
The First District (4 seats) consisted of Kings, New York, Queens, Richmond and Suffolk counties.
The Second District (4 seats) consisted of Dutchess, Orange, Putnam, Rockland, Sullivan, Ulster and Westchester counties.
The Third District (4 seats) consisted of Albany, Columbia, Greene, Rensselaer, Schenectady and Schoharie counties.
The Fourth District (4 seats) consisted of Clinton, Essex, Franklin, Hamilton, Montgomery, St. Lawrence, Saratoga, Warren and Washington counties.
The Fifth District (4 seats) consisted of Herkimer, Jefferson, Lewis, Madison, Oneida and Oswego counties.
The Sixth District (4 seats) consisted of Broome, Chenango, Cortland, Delaware, Otsego, Tioga and Tompkins counties.
The Seventh District (4 seats) consisted of Cayuga, Onondaga, Ontario, Seneca, Wayne and Yates counties.
The Eighth District (4 seats) consisted of Allegany, Cattaraugus, Chautauqua, Erie, Genesee, Livingston, Monroe, Niagara and Steuben counties.
Note: There are now 62 counties in the State of New York. The counties which are not mentioned in this list had not yet been established, or sufficiently organized, the area being included in one or more of the abovementioned counties.
Members
The asterisk (*) denotes members of the previous Legislature who continued in office as members of this Legislature. John Crary and Samuel Wilkeson changed from the Assembly to the Senate.
The party affiliations follow the vote for a U.S. senator on February 1 which showed that there was no majority; and that Clintonians and People's men, although having combined for the election against the Bucktails, were opposed to each other.
Employees
Clerk: John F. Bacon
State Assembly
Districts
Albany County (3 seats)
Allegany County (1 seat)
Broome County (1 seat)
Cattaraugus County (1 seat)
Cayuga County (4 seats)
Chautauqua County (1 seat)
Chenango County (3 seats)
Clinton County (1 seat)
Columbia County (3 seats)
Cortland County (2 seats)
Delaware County (2 seats)
Dutchess County (4 seats)
Erie County (1 seat)
Essex County (1 seat)
Franklin County (1 seat)
Genesee County (4 seats)
Greene County (2 seats)
Hamilton and Montgomery counties (4 seats)
Herkimer County (3 seats)
Jefferson County (3 seats)
Kings County (1 seat)
Lewis County (1 seat)
Livingston County (2 seats)
Madison County (3 seats)
Monroe County (3 seats)
The City and County of New York (10 seats)
Niagara County (1 seat)
Oneida County (5 seats)
Onondaga County (4 seats)
Ontario County (3 seats)
Orange County (4 seats)
Oswego County (1 seat)
Otsego County (4 seats)
Putnam County (1 seat)
Queens County (2 seats)
Rensselaer County (4 seats)
Richmond County (1 seat)
Rockland County (1 seat)
St. Lawrence County (1 seat)
Saratoga County (3 seats)
Schenectady County (1 seat)
Schoharie County (2 seats)
Seneca County (2 seats)
Steuben County (2 seats)
Suffolk County (2 seats)
Sullivan County (1 seat)
Tioga County (2 seats)
Tompkins County (2 seats)
Ulster County (3 seats)
Warren County (1 seat)
Washington (4 seats)
Wayne County (2 seats)
Westchester County (3 seats)
Yates County (1 seat)
Note: There are now 62 counties in the State of New York. The counties which are not mentioned in this list had not yet been established, or sufficiently organized, the area being included in one or more of the abovementioned counties.
Assemblymen
The asterisk (*) denotes members of the previous Legislature who continued as members of this Legislature. Silas Bowker changed from the Senate to the Assembly.
Employees
Clerk: Horatio Merchant
Sergeant-at-Arms: Daniel Shields
Doorkeeper: Chester Stebbins
Assistant Doorkeeper: Conrad Moore
Notes
Sources
The New York Civil List compiled by Franklin Benjamin Hough (Weed, Parsons and Co., 1858) [see pg. 109 for Senate districts; pg. 126 for senators; pg. 148f for Assembly districts; pg. 202f for assemblymen]
The History of Political Parties in the State of New-York, from the Ratification of the Federal Constitution to 1840 by Jabez D. Hammond (4th ed., Vol. 2, Phinney & Co., Buffalo, 1850; pg. 175 to 205)
Election result Assembly, Albany Co. at project "A New Nation Votes", compiled by Phil Lampi, hosted by Tufts University Digital Library
Election result Assembly, Cayuga Co. at project "A New Nation Votes"
Election result Assembly, Chautauqua Co. at project "A New Nation Votes"
Election result Assembly, Chenango Co. at project "A New Nation Votes"
Election result Assembly, Clinton Co. at project "A New Nation Votes"
Election result Assembly, Erie Co. at project "A New Nation Votes"
Election result Assembly, Greene Co. at project "A New Nation Votes"
Election result Assembly, Jefferson Co. at project "A New Nation Votes"
Election result Assembly, Kings Co. at project "A New Nation Votes"
Election result Assembly, Livingston Co. at project "A New Nation Votes"
Election result Assembly, Monroe Co. at project "A New Nation Votes"
Election result Assembly, Niagara Co. at project "A New Nation Votes"
Election result Assembly, Queens Co. at project "A New Nation Votes"
Election result Assembly, Richmond Co. at project "A New Nation Votes"
Election result Assembly, Rockland Co. at project "A New Nation Votes"
Election result Assembly, Schoharie Co. at project "A New Nation Votes"
Election result Assembly, Seneca Co. at project "A New Nation Votes"
Election result Assembly, Suffolk Co. at project "A New Nation Votes"
Election result Assembly, Ulster Co. at project "A New Nation Votes"
Election result Assembly, Wayne Co. at project "A New Nation Votes"
Election result Assembly, Westchester Co. at project "A New Nation Votes"
Partial election result Senate, First D. at project "A New Nation Votes" [gives only votes of Kings, Richmond and Suffolk Co.]
Partial election result Senate, Second D. at project "A New Nation Votes" [gives only votes of Rockland, Ulster and Westchester Co.]
Partial election result Senate, Third D. at project "A New Nation Votes" [gives only votes of Albany, Greene and Schoharie Co.]
Partial election result Senate, Fourth D. at project "A New Nation Votes" [gives only votes from Clinton Co.]
Partial election result Senate, Sixth D. at project "A New Nation Votes" [gives only votes of Chenango Co.]
Partial election result Senate, Seventh D. at project "A New Nation Votes" [gives only votes of Cayuga, Seneca and Wayne Co.]
Partial election result Senate, Eighth D. at project "A New Nation Votes" [gives only votes from Chautauqua, Erie, Livingston, Monroe and Niagara Co.]
048
1825 in New York (state)
1825 U.S. legislative sessions
Echinaster callosus, the warty sea star or the banded bubble star, is a species of starfish found in shallow parts of the western Indo-Pacific region. The disc and five slender arms are covered with white, pink, red or violet warts, often forming transverse bands of colour on the arms.
Description
Growing to a maximum diameter of , Echinaster callosus has a small central disc and five slender cylindrical arms. The aboral (upper) surface is densely covered by warty protuberances. The colour of this starfish is variable, but may be orange, pink or violet, with the warts being a contrasting colour, usually white, pink, red or mauve. The white warts often occur in bands, particularly towards the tips of the arms. There are small yellowish-green retractable pedicellaria between the warts. The oral (under) surface of the starfish is white with white warts. There are ambulacral grooves on the underside of the arms along which food is passed by ciliary action. The tip of each arm bears an eyespot, as well as a bundle of suckers.
Distribution and habitat
E. callosus is found in the tropical and subtropical western Indo-Pacific, its range extending from East Africa and the Red Sea to Micronesia, and from Japan southwards to Australia and New Caledonia. It occurs on coral reefs and on soft sediment, at depths between .
Ecology
The creeping comb jelly Coeloplana astericola sometimes lives symbiotically on the aboral surface of this starfish, as well as on the Luzon sea star, Echinaster luzonicus. Other associates are small worms and crustaceans, which do little harm, and the triton Charonia tritonis and the harlequin shrimp Hymenocera picta, which both feed destructively on its tissues.
References
External links
Echinaster
Fauna of the Pacific Ocean
Starfish described in 1895
Autotransplantation is the transplantation of organs, tissues, or even particular proteins from one part of the body to another in the same person (auto- meaning "self" in Greek).
The autologous tissue (also called autogenous, autogeneic, or autogenic tissue) transplanted by such a procedure is called an autograft or autotransplant.
It is contrasted with allotransplantation (from other individual of the same species), syngeneic transplantation (grafts transplanted between two genetically identical individuals of the same species) and xenotransplantation (from other species).
A common example is the removal of a piece of bone (usually from the hip) and its being ground into a paste for the reconstruction of another portion of bone.
Autotransplantation, although most common with blood, bone, or skin, can be used for a wide variety of organs. One of the rare examples is autotransplantation of a kidney from one side of the body to the other. Kidney autotransplantation is used as a treatment for nutcracker syndrome.
Autologous blood donation
In blood banking terminology, autologous blood donation refers to a blood donation marked for use by the donor, typically for a scheduled surgery. (Generally, the notion of "donation" does not refer to giving to oneself, though in this context it has become somewhat acceptably idiomatic.) They are commonly called "autos" by blood bank personnel, and it is one major form of the more general concept of autotransfusion (the other being intraoperative blood salvage).
Some advantages of autologous blood donation are:
Blood type will always match, even with a rare blood type or antibody type.
If only autologous blood is used during surgery the risk of exposure to infectious disease such as hepatitis or HIV from blood is eliminated.
The risk of allergic reactions is reduced.
The disadvantages are:
Higher cost due to individualized processing, record-keeping, and management.
In most cases, the blood is discarded if it is not used instead of being added to the general supply.
Blood donation prior to colorectal cancer surgery seemed causative for a worse overall and colorectal cancer specific survival.
Autologous blood is not routinely tested for infectious diseases markers such as HIV antibodies. In the United States, autologous blood is tested only if it is collected in one place and shipped to another.
There is also a risk that, in an emergency or if more blood is required than has been set aside in advance, the patient could still be exposed to donor blood instead of autologous blood. Autologous donation is also not suitable for patients who are medically unable to or advised not to give blood, such as cardiac patients or small children and infants.
Bone autograft
In orthopaedic medicine, a bone graft can be sourced from a patient's own bone in order to fill space and produce an osteogenic response in a bone defect. However, due to the donor-site morbidity associated with autograft, other methods such as bone allograft and bone morphogenetic proteins and synthetic graft materials are often used as alternatives. Autografts have long been considered the "Gold Standard" in oral surgery and implant dentistry because it offered the best regeneration results. Lately, the introduction of morphogen-enhanced bone graft substitutes have shown similar success rates and quality of regeneration; however, their price is still very high.
Organ autotransplantation
Autotransplantation of selected organs is often preceded by ex vivo (also bench, back-table, or extracorporeal) surgery. For example, ex vivo liver resection and autotransplantation is used in the treatment of selected cases of conventionally unresectable hepatic tumors. It can also be implemented in rare scenarios of a blunt abdominal trauma. Kidney autotransplantation is a method of a nephron-sparing renal tumor excision or complex renal artery aneurysm management. The uses of ex vivo surgery followed by autotransplantation were reported also for heart, lungs and intestines, including multivisceral approaches.
See also
Autotransfusion
Replantation
Rotationplasty
Spleen transplantation
Stem cell fat grafting
References
Transfusion medicine
Orthopedic surgical procedures
Transplantation medicine
Prevention & Treatment was the first online-only journal published by the American Psychological Association. It was established in 1997 as Treatment, obtaining its current name in 1998. Originally, the American Psychiatric Association was also (collaboratively) involved in the journal's publication, but by 1998 they had withdrawn from this effort. The journal ceased publication at the end of 2003. The founding and only editor-in-chief of the journal was Martin Seligman (University of Pennsylvania).
References
External links
American Psychological Association academic journals
Online-only journals
Psychology journals
Publications established in 1997
Publications disestablished in 2003
Irregular journals
Lethe mekara, the common red forester, is a species of Satyrinae butterfly found in India and Southeast Asia.
References
mekara
Butterflies of Asia
Butterflies of Indochina
Pitt County Schools is a school system located in Pitt County, North Carolina. The central office is located in Greenville. It operates one pre-kindergarten school, 16 elementary schools, six K–8, seven middle schools and six high schools.
Schools
High schools
Ayden-Grifton High
D H Conley High
Early College High School
Farmville Central High
Innovation Early College High
Junius H Rose High
North Pitt High
South Central
Middle schools
A G Cox Middle
Ayden Middle
C M Eppes Middle
E B Aycock Middle
Farmville Middle
H B Sugg Elementary
Hope Middle
Wellcome Middle
Wintergreen Intermediate
Wintergreen Primary
Elementary schools
Ayden Elementary
Belvoir Elementary
Bethel Elementary
Chicod
Creekside Elementary
Eastern Elementary
Elmhurst Elementary
Falkland Elementary
G R Whitfield
Grifton
Lakeforest Elementary
Northwest Elementary
Pactolus
Ridgewood Elementary
Sam D Bundy Elementary
South Greenville Elementary
Stokes
W H Robinson Elementary
Wahl Coates Elementary
Other
Vidant Health (1-12)
References
Education in Pitt County, North Carolina
School districts in North Carolina
Cornelis Gijsbertus "Kees" van Aelst (28 September 1916 in The Hague – 6 September 2000 in Utrecht) was a Dutch water polo player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics. They were part of the Dutch team which finished fifth in the 1936 tournament. They played all seven matches.
References
1916 births
2000 deaths
Dutch male water polo players
Water polo players at the 1936 Summer Olympics
Olympic water polo players of the Netherlands
Sportspeople from The Hague
Erythrococca is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae, first described in 1849. It is native to Africa and the Arabian Peninsula.
Species
References
Acalypheae
Euphorbiaceae genera
ISO 3166-2:LA is the entry for Laos in ISO 3166-2, part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which defines codes for the names of the principal subdivisions (e.g., provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.
Currently for Laos, ISO 3166-2 codes are defined for 1 prefecture and 17 provinces.
Each code consists of two parts, separated by a hyphen. The first part is , the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code of Laos. The second part is two letters.
Current codes
Subdivision names are listed as in the ISO 3166-2 standard published by the ISO 3166 Maintenance Agency (ISO 3166/MA).
Click on the button in the header to sort each column.
Changes
The following changes to the entry have been announced in newsletters by the ISO 3166/MA since the first publication of ISO 3166-2 in 1998:
See also
Subdivisions of Laos
FIPS region codes of Laos
External links
ISO Online Browsing Platform: LA
Provinces of Laos, Statoids.com
2:LA
ISO 3166-2
Laos geography-related lists
The 2014 Hawke's Bay Cup was the 1st edition of the invitational Hawke's Bay Cup competition. It took place between 5–13 April 2014 in Hastings, New Zealand. A total of six teams competed for the title.
Argentina won the tournament for the first time after defeating Australia 3–0 in the final. China won the third place match by defeating New Zealand 3–2.
Teams
Including New Zealand, 6 teams were invited by the New Zealand Hockey Federation to participate in the tournament.
Results
Preliminary round
Pool
Fixtures
Classification round
Fifth and sixth place
Third and fourth place
Final
Statistics
Final Standings
Goalscorers
References
External links
2014
2014 in women's field hockey
2014 in New Zealand women's sport
2014 in Argentine women's sport
2014 in Australian women's field hockey
2014 in Chinese women's sport
2014 in South Korean women's sport
2014 in Japanese women's sport
Antonis Tsiftsis (; born 21 July 1999) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Super League club Asteras Tripolis.
Career
Tsiftsis made their debut in a 4–0 home triumph against Platanias, on 2 April 2018.
On 13 May 2019, they signed a new contract, running until the summer of 2022.
In the 2020–21 season, Tsiftsis made 17 appearances across all competitions and on 26 April 2021 put they pen to paper to a new four-year contract, which will keep tied to the club until 2025.
Career statistics
Club
References
1999 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Greece youth international footballers
Super League Greece players
Asteras Tripolis F.C. players
Association football goalkeepers
Footballers from Giannitsa
Pierre or Petrus De Brabandere (1828–1895) was the 21st bishop of Bruges in Belgium.
Life
De Brabandere was born in Ooigem, West Flanders, on 25 September 1828. They enrolled at the Major Seminary, Bruges, on 1 October 1848 and was ordained to the priesthood on 21 May 1853. They went on to study at the Catholic University of Leuven, graduating licentiate of canon law in 1857, after which they spent a year at the Belgian Pontifical College in Rome.
After returning to Belgium they briefly served in parish ministry in Ypres before being appointed professor of canon law at the seminary in Bruges in 1861. They wrote a manual of canon law that was a standard text for decades. They became the director of the seminary in 1869, and vicar general to Bishop Faict in 1880. They became a canon of Bruges Cathedral in 1885, and vicar capitular after Bishop Faict's death in January 1894. They were appointed Faict's successor as bishop of Bruges on 18 May 1894 and was consecrated as bishop on 11 June 1894. They died in Bruges on 31 March 1895, having been bishop for less than a year.
Publications
Juris canonici et Juris canonico-civilis Compendium (Bruges, 1869), much reprinted to 1914.
References
1828 births
1895 deaths
People from West Flanders
Catholic University of Leuven (1834–1968) alumni
Bishops of Bruges
Canon law jurists
Johannes Philippus de Lignamine (1420 – ??) was a Sicilian printer/publisher and tax collector from Messina active at Monte Cassino near Rome and a courtier to Pope Sixtus IV.  They are best known for their publication of Herbarium Apuleii Platonici in 1481.
While Italy was the first country to use Johannes Gutenberg's new printing techniques, it was also the first country in which the German monopoly of the printing industry was lost. On 3 August 1470 the Institutio Oratoria, a book by Marcus Fabius Quintilianus (AD30-AD96) was typeset on an Italian press operated by Johannes Philippus de Lignamine. This first edition was edited by Giovanni Antonio Campani and was based on a corrupt copy of the manuscript found by Poggio Bracciolini.
Research by Margaret M. Smith concluded that de Lignamine was the first printer to use small capitals.
References
Italian printers
Printers of incunabula
1420 births
15th-century Italian businesspeople
Year of death unknown
15th-century Sicilian people
Quintana Roo (QR) was the first company to create a triathlon-specific wetsuit over 25 years ago, and then a tri-specific bicycle two years later. The company was founded in 1987 by Dan Empfield of Ironman fame and is currently owned by the American Bicycle Group.
Wetsuits
The company's flagship product in 1987 was the first wetsuit made specifically for triathlon, designed by Empfield. This new wetsuit was more flexible and more buoyant, giving it swim-specific characteristics that were not found in the diving or surfing wetsuits used by triathletes at that time.
In 1990, Quintana Roo discovered and pioneered the use of Yamamoto Rubber #39 in its high-end wetsuits. This new rubber was more buoyant and more flexible than any other rubber that had previously been used in any triathlon wetsuit, and it was followed the next year with Yamamoto SCS (Super-Composite Skin), an outer coating that added even more buoyancy and protected the rubber from fingernail tears.
Triathlon-specific Bicycles
In conjunction with the first tri-specific wetsuit in 1987, Scott USA created the first aerodynamic handlebar for standard road bicycles. It was clear triathlon had created a niche market, requiring new products that focused on all three disciplines contiguously rather than separately. In 1989, Empfield made a bicycle specifically for triathlon, the Quintana Roo Superform. This custom bike was called the first bicycle "built from the aerobars back." With a steep seat angle of 80 degrees, its design was said to help prevent leg fatigue before the run. Ray Browning rode the Quintana Roo Superform to a new overall course record at the 1989 Ironman New Zealand.
In 1993, Quintana Roo released the Kilo, the first production bicycle to successfully be made from Easton #7005 aluminum tubeset, and it replaced the Superform as the flagship bike. The bike was named the Kilo because it weighed only 2.2 pounds, or 1 kilo, as opposed to chromoly steel bicycle frames, which weighed considerably more.
During the early 1990s, while testing bicycle aerodynamics at the Texas A&M Wind Tunnel, Dan Empfield was introduced to the concept of interference drag between the bicycle fork and the front wheel. The first idea to overcome this was to make a front wheel with a narrow hub, 60mm instead of 80mm. This increased the amount of space air had to flow between the wheel and the fork. However, by 1996, Quintana Roo had developed a fork with "wide" blades, further increasing the space between the wheel and the fork. This was the QR Illuminaero fork, made out of aluminum. The next year Quintana Roo introduced the QR Carbonaero fork, which was made out of carbon fiber and much lighter than the QR Illuminaero fork.
In 1999, Quintana Roo released the QR Redstone, considered by many to be the first triathlon "superbike." Named after the Redstone Missile, the bike had modern design cues such as internal cable routing, a bottom-bracket mounted rear brake, and a fully faired rear wheel.
When JHK Investments bought Quintana Roo from Saucony in 2000, it was relocated to Chattanooga, Tennessee, where it would share facilities with its new sister company, Litespeed. This new relationship provided Quintana Roo with the opportunity and resources to develop and produce titanium triathlon bikes, using its triathlon-specific geometry.
From then until 2005, Quintana Roo's flagship bike was the Ti-Phoon. However, in 2005 Quintana Roo released its first full-carbon fiber bike, the Lucero, followed the next year by its sister bikes, the Seduza and the Caliente. These three carbon bikes all featured the same geometry, but with a different carbon weave for each bike, providing various price points and unique ride properties for each. The mold that these bikes came from now forms the basis of Quintana Roo's current FIT Series of bikes.
In 2009, Quintana Roo introduced the CD0.1, a bicycle designed with Quintana Roo's unique SHIFT technology. The bike was named after its drag coefficient (0.1) from wind tunnel testing. The downtube of the CD0.1 was offset 18mm in order to direct air away from the drag-heavy side of the bike (drive-side) and towards the clean side of the bike (non-drive). This resulted in increased stability in a crosswind, increased stiffness in the bottom bracket, and increased aerodynamics in the traditionally drag-heavy side of the aerodynamic drag-curve. It was hailed as "the most innovative bike over the past decade" and received the "Gold Design Award" at the 2009 Eurobike Show.
Two years later, in 2011, Quintana Roo officially announced its Project Illicito, a new bike that improved on the already impressive aerodynamics of the CD0.1. The difference, though, between the two bikes was that Illicito featured a missing seat-stay and a massive chain-stay on the non-drive side of the bike. This non-traditional rear-end created a "sail" effect across certain degrees of yaw, as the air would flow along the massive chain-stay. It was completely UCI-illegal, hence the name "Illicito." In 2011, the year that it was released, the Illicito received the "Triathlon America Most Innovative Product" award.
In March 2014, Quintana Roo released the PRsix. Called "the SuperBike Reconsidered," the PRsix featured a simplicity and ease of fit and maintenance not found on other "superbikes," as it could be quickly assembled with only a pedal wrench and two sizes of hex wrench. The PRsix featured SHIFT+ technology, combining the SHIFT technology of the CD0.1 and Illicito with a "boat tail" tube-section that further increased the aerodynamic advantage of SHIFT technology. The bike was compatible with any standard diameter aerobar, as well as any brake produced by Shimano, TRP, Magura, or TriRig.
References
External links
Quintana Roo official site
Sporting goods manufacturers of the United States
Cycle manufacturers of the United States
Companies based in Tennessee
National Bureau of Statistics may refer to:
National Bureau of Statistics of the People's Republic of China
National Bureau of Statistics of Moldova
National Bureau of Statistics, Nigeria
National Bureau of Statistics of Tanzania
Australian Bureau of Statistics
See also
List of national and international statistical services
John Edward "Charlie" Rogers (born June 19, 1976) is an American former professional football player who was a running back and wide receiver in the National Football League (NFL) for the Seattle Seahawks (1999–2001), the Houston Texans (2002), the Buffalo Bills (2002) and the Miami Dolphins (2003).
Rogers led the NFL in average punt return yardage in their rookie season, 1999. They also returned a kickoff 85 yards for a touchdown in the Seattle Seahawks playoff loss to the Miami Dolphins (the last points scored by a Seahawk in Kingdome history).
Rogers was in the 2002 NFL Expansion Draft. They were drafted by the Houston Texans, 13th overall.
Rogers played college football with the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets and attended high school at Matawan Regional High School and is now currently the head football coach for the Matawan Midgets.
References
External links
Career Statistics
1976 births
Living people
Matawan Regional High School alumni
People from Aberdeen Township, New Jersey
Players of American football from New Jersey
Sportspeople from Monmouth County, New Jersey
American football running backs
American football wide receivers
American football return specialists
Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football players
Seattle Seahawks players
Buffalo Bills players
Miami Dolphins players
Becske is a village in Nógrád county, Hungary.
References
External links
Street map
Populated places in Nógrád County
Events in the year 1911 in Bulgaria.
Incumbents
Events
4 September – The People's Party-Progressive Liberal Party alliance won 190 of the 213 seats in the parliament following parliamentary elections. Voter turnout was 47.2%.
References
1910s in Bulgaria
Years of the 20th century in Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Storm Sanders and Kateřina Siniaková defeated Alizé Cornet and Jil Teichmann in the final, 6–4, 6–3 to win doubles tennis title at the 2022 WTA German Open.
Victoria Azarenka and Aryna Sabalenka were the defending champions, but Azarenka did not return to compete. Sabalenka partnered with Veronika Kudermetova but they withdrew before their first round match.
Seeds
Draw
Draw
References
External links
Main Draw
2022 WTA Tour
2022 WTA German Open – 2
Ramsey is an unincorporated community in Nelson County, Virginia, United States.
References
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Nelson County, Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
Bulbulay 2 is a 2019 Pakistani Sitcom which is about an unconventional family. It is a successor to the first Bulbulay. The show airs on ARY Digital in Pakistan, every sunday. The show is produced by Nabeel and written by Saba Hassan. The show was directed by Rana Rizwan before they were replaced by Nabeel. It started airing from 4 June 2019. Its 24th and 23rd episode have the highest and second highest ever ratings of any sitcom.
Plot
Episode 1 (shifting to new house)
The Bulbulay family shifts to the new house. When Momo and Khoobsurat entered inside the house, there were two strange people who lived in the house. Momo and Khoobsurat thought they were robbers. They told Nabeel and Mehmood Sahab. Nabeel. Mehmood Sahab and Momo then knocked out the strange people. Then a person told them that those two people were knaves who didn't give the rent of the house. They were very dangerous people.
Episode 3 (saw a ghost)
In this episode, they saw a ghost while sleeping. They awoke and came running outside. The next day they called a man who would make the ghost go away, but the ghost and the man were acting together. They were robbers. The man first ate food saying they have no power and ate all the food, after which the girl they saw at night came. They screamed and ran into the house. The girl pretended kindness. They said they had prepared some food. They all and were asleep for 1 hour. When they woke up they had nothing; all their things had been stolen.
Cast
Nabeel as Nabeel
Mehmood Aslam as Mehmood Sahab
Hina Dilpazeer as Mumtaz aka Momo
Ayesha Omer as Khoobsurat
Faatima Nabeel as Chandi (Nabeel and Khoobsurat's daughter)
Nyle Rizwan as Sona (Mehmood and Mumtaz's son)
Recurring
Tariq Butt as Butt Sahab
Ayaaz Khan as Sher Khan
Shahid Khwaja as Dr
Fahmeed Baig as Baig Sahab
Khalid Anam as Siddiqui; Khoobsurat's father after having surgery as they had a terrible accident
Namrah Shahid as Nirali; Siddiqui's third wife, actually a wanted criminal who scams Nabeel and Mehmood to marry them to Siddiqui
Fasih as Raja; servant at Siddiqui Sahab house
Farhad Riaz as Pappu; peon at Bulbulay matchmakers and Wedding planners (Episode 81-84)
Sofia as Yasmeen; receptionist at Bulbulay matchmakers and Wedding planners (Episode 81-84)
Ashraf Khan as Aatish/Abba G; Mumtaz's father
Hina Dilpazeer as Kokab; step sister of Mumtaz (Episode 37)
Shehnaz Pervaiz as Jamila
Bahadur Sheikh in various roles
Faizan Shahzad Khan as Faizi Sun
Hina Rizvi as Shumaila (Khoobsurat's aunt)
Fareeda Shabbir as Afreen
Arifa Siddiqui as Ghalib
Mubeen Gabol as Various voice
Waheed Khan as Various voice
Mustafa Chaudhry as various voice
Shafaat Ali as various voice
Aijaz Aslam
Episodic appearance
Aamir Qureshi as Kaali Bhai; former and dangerous tenant in the new house of Bulbulay family (Episode 1)
Kausar Siddiqui as Haseena; wife of Kaali who's a convicted murderer (Episode 1)
Sonia Rao as Gul Bakht; Sher Khan's wife and wants to marry Nabeel (Episode 2)
Nausheen Ahmed as Khoobsurat Jr; a gang member pretended to be Khoobsurat to rob Bulbulay family (Episode 5)
Akber Khan as Palmist; a fraudster who predicts that Nabeel is gonna murder Mehmood (Episode 6)
Maham Amir as Qamroosh; new neighbor in the vicinity and Mehmood wants to marry them but turns out that she's already married (Episode 8)
Maira Khan as Sweety; jinn having dispute with their husband as they want to marry a human being (Episode 9)
Saqib Sumeer as Ugly; jinn and husband of Sweety (Episode 9)
Nighat Sultana as Khushi; a wealthy cancer patient and their wish is to get married before their death (Episode 10)
Urooj Abbas as Badaruddin; owner of new house of Bulbulay family (Episode 12)
Rehana Kaleem as Khushnuma; first wife of Badaruddin (Episode 12)
Khwaja Saleem as Barood Khan; security guard hired by Javed Sahab (Episode 13)
Agha Shiraz as Pappi Bhai; a thug involved in black money earning (Episode 17)
Irfan Motiwala as Bunty; director wanted to do a cooking show featuring Khoobsurat (Episode 18)
Darakshan Tahir as Begum; genie who wants to marry Mehmood (Episode 19)
Akber Khan as Baba Ting Tong; sorcerer called by Nabeel to control Begum (Episode 19)
Naveed Raza as Hakeem Rafeeq; fake dermatologist, formed business partnership with Bulbulay housemates (Episode 20)
Bashar Amir Shafi as Tiger; an orphan and pickpocket adopted by Nabeel to help them earn money (Episode 21)
Ali Raza as Spider-Man; wanted smuggler impersonated as Spider-Man who takes shelter in Bulbulay house (Episode 22)
Unknown as Jin Jang; Chinese language teacher (Episode 23)
Nausheen Ahmed as Anarkali; love interest of Mehmood and Nabeel in the dream of Nabeel (Episode 24)
Urooj Abbas as Naseem Vicky; Mehmood's childhood friend (Episode 28)
Akber Khan as Baba Billo; an effeminate sorcerer (Episode 28)
Saqib Sumeer as Boss; a thief (Episode 29)
Khwaja Saleem as Barood Khan; security guard hired by Javed Sahab (Episode 30)
Aamir Qureshi as Kafoor; genie who wants to marry Khoobsurat (Episode 31 and 75)
Unknown as Bibi Sifli; a witch hired to capture Kafoor (Episode 31)
Waseem Dhamia as Feeka Faraar; a wadera who want their son Teeka to have tution at Bulbulay house (Episode 32)
Tabrez Shah as Teeka; Feeka's son having tutions at Bulbulay house (Episode 32)
Irfan Motiwala as Fuse; electrician came to solve electricity issues in Bulbulay house (Episode 33)
Asad Mehmood as Sunny; Javed Sahab's son (Episode 33)
Naveed Raza as Inaam; income tax officer recovering tax from Bulbulay family (Episode 34)
Maham Aamir as Aarzoo; a spirit who committed suicide due to infidelity (Episode 36)
Shafaat Ali as Tony; a host of a haunted show (Episode 38)
Ayaz Ahmed as Aashiq; a travel agent assisting Bulbulay family to go Germany (Episode 39)
Humaira Zahid as Basharat aka Baby Aunty; Khoobsurat's Aunty (Episode 40)
Ali Raza as Joker; mental asylum inmate taking shelter at Bulbulay house (Episode 41)
Naveed Raza as Batman; mental asylum inmate taking shelter at Bulbulay house (Episode 41)
Sonia Rao as Teacher; Sona and Chandi teacher (Episode 42)
Akber Khan as Baba; a fraud sorcerer (Episode 43)
Mehboob Sultan as Chaudhry Sahab; politician competing with Mehmood in an election (episode 44)
Bashar Aamir Shafi as Makoota; son of Zakoota jinn (Episode 45)
Kausar Siddiqui as Talat; neigbour of Bulbulay family who's involved in drugs business (Episode 46)
Arif Siddiqui as Jaanu; alcoholic friend of Mehmood invited by them as they were mentally unstable (Episode 49)
Shehnaz Pervaiz as Nusrat; Khoobsurat's phuppo (Episode 50)
Akber Khan as Shaukat; Nusrat's husband (Episode 50)
Ali Raza as Nomi; Nabeel's friend who came to have wedding at Bulbulay house (Episode 54)
Bisha as Kiran; Nomi's fiance who runs away from their home to marry Nomi(Episode 54)
Fazal Balti as Don; Kiran's brother who doesn't want Kiran to marry Nomi(Episode 54)
Mehboob Sultan as Badshah; a dacoit who has hidden their looted goods under the mansion of Bulbulay family (Episode 55)
Irfan Motiwala as Feekay; a dacoit helping Badshah in finding looted goods (Episode 55)
Maham Aamir as Sania; a psychotic widow who married Nabeel in their dream (Episode 56)
Agha Shiraz as Gogi Bhai; leader of a local dacoit group (Episode 57)
Ali Raza as Changu; member of dacoit group of Gogi Bhai (Episode 57)
Nasir Sharif as Mangu; member of dacoit group of Gogi Bhai (Episode 57)
Namrah Shahid as Mehru; Abba G's fiance who's actually a robber (Episode 59)
Farhad Riaz as Sameer; Mehru's partner in robbery (Episode 59)
Akber Khan as Baba G; a spiritual astrologer (Episode 60)
Ali Syed as thief; a local thief on the run (Episode 60)
Mehboob Sultan as Rafiq Ahmed; don wants to take revenge from Mehmood for beating their son (Episode 62)
Syed Fazal Hussain as Tiger; son of Don (Episode 62)
Nasir Sharif as Jaanu; Nabeel's friend (Episode 64)
Ismail Tara as Jaan; Jaan's father (Episode 64)
Sonia Rao as Dolly; new gold-digger neighbor shifted in the vicinity of Bulbulay house (Episode 66)
Sobia Dedhi as Soni; niece of Dolly (Episode 66)
Urooj Abbas as Boss; interviewee at company (Episode 67)
Arif Siddiqui as Meter Baba; a sorcerer who claims to reduce the amount of electricity consumption by electric meter(Episode 68)
Saqib Sumeer as Joji Jasoos; a fraudster claims to be detective for the investigation of Noshi's murder (Episode 69)
Bisha as Nosheen aka Noshi; Joji's partner in fraud (Episode 69)
Urooj Abbas as Siddiqui; a man hired by Nabeel and Mehmood to claim that he's real Siddiqui Sahab (Episode 71)
Arif Siddiqui as Mangu; milkman to whom Bulbulay family owes money (Episode 74)
Fazal Balti as Changu; washerman to whom Bulbulay family owes money (Episode 74)
Zareen Khan as Chatori; Kafoor Jinn's wife (Episode 75)
Yusra Khan as Pyaari; personal maid of Khoobsurat (Episode 76)
Alina Khan as Dulari; personal maid of Momo (Episode 76)
Mehboob Sultan as Pappu; a robber at the beach (Episode 77)
Naveed Raza as Latto; partner of Pappu (Episode 77)
Nisha as Rim Jhim; Nabeel's love interest (Episode 79)
Farhad Riaz as Jaanu Cable Wala; television cable operator (Episode 80)
Ali Raza as Bunty; client at Bulbulay matchmakers and Wedding planners belongs to a Punjabi traditional family (Episode 81)
Fareena Ejaz as Sonia; Bunty's fiance belongs to modern family (Episode 81)
Shehnaz Pervaiz as Parveen; Bunty's mother (Episode 81)
Humaira Zahid as Seema; Sonia's mother (Episode 81)
Dodi Khan as Don; goon who loves Maria and kidnaps them to marry (Episode 82)
Bakhtawar Aamir as Maria; an innocent girl kidnapped by Don to marry (Episode 82)
Asad Javed as TT; Don's right hand (Episode 82)
Amir Qureshi as Shakir; a fraudster who claims to be Sheikh of Yemen and came to Bulbulay wedding planners for marriage (Episode 83)
Hiba Zoya as Shehzadi; bride to be of Shakir (Episode 83)
Gul-e-Rana as Nafeesa; an old lady wants to marry (Episode 84)
Urooj Abbas as Rasheed; a marriage proposal for Nafeesa (Episode 84)
Akber Khan as Saleem; a poet who brings marriage proposal for Nafeesa (Episode 84)
Maham Amir as Heer; client at Bulbulay wedding planner (Episode 85)
Zuhab Khan as Maharaj
Mehboob Sultan as themselves
Hina Rizvi as Nahi Munni
Release
After a gap of two years, in Ramazan, Bulbulay started to air on BOL Entertainment by the title "Phir Bulbulay". It was renamed to "Bolbulay". ARY Digital went to court against BOL Entertainment. BOL Entertainment lost the case so they stopped airing Bulbulay.
References
Pakistani television series
Urdu-language television shows
ARY Digital original programming
2019 Pakistani television series debuts
