"Shave It" is a song by Russian-German electronic music producer Zedd. The song was produced and written by Zedd, and released on 4 October 2011 via Skrillex's record label Owsla. The song peaked at number 4 on the Billboard Hot Dance Club Songs chart on 3 March 2012. An extended play of the track – featuring remixes by Kaskade, Tommy Trash, and 501 – was released on 8 November 2011, titled Shave It – The Aftershave.
The alternate version of the song, "Shave It Up", is included on Zedd's debut studio album, Clarity. The extended version was released exclusively on Beatport on 22 October 2012. Another song that incorporates the use of "Shave It" is Zedd's song "Hourglass" (featuring LIZ), the track before "Shave It Up" in Clarity. After the 4 minutes of the main part of the song, it becomes a 1:15-prelude to "Shave It Up".
Music video
A music video directed by Sean Stiegemeier and produced by Mike Longenbach was released on 1 November 2011. As of January 2015, the video has received over 2,000,000 views on YouTube.
Track listing
Personnel
Zedd – producer, songwriter
Charts
"Shave It" debuted at number 39 on the Hot Dance Club Songs chart for the week of 21 January 2012 and climbed until position four.
References
External links
2011 singles
2011 songs
Zedd songs
Songs written by Zedd
Owsla singles
Plateau Polyvalent de Bouéni is a sports infrastructure located in Bouéni, Mayotte.
History
References
Buildings and structures in Mayotte
Sports venues in Mayotte
Huy-Waremme was a constituency used to elect members of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives between 1900 and 2003.
Representatives
References
Defunct constituencies of the Chamber of Representatives (Belgium)
The 1940 Michigan gubernatorial election was held on November 5, 1940. Democratic nominee Murray Van Wagoner defeated incumbent Republican Luren Dickinson with 53.06% of the vote.
General election
Candidates
Major party candidates
Murray Van Wagoner, Democratic
Luren Dickinson, Republican
Other candidates
Seth Whitmore, Socialist
Philip Raymond, Communist
Ralph Naylor, Socialist Labor
Results
Primaries
The primary elections occurred on September 10, 1940.
Democratic Primary
Republican Primary
References
1940
Michigan
Gubernatorial
November 1940 events
Bodies may refer to:
The plural of body
Bodies (TV series), BBC television program
"Bodies" (Law & Order), 2003 episode of Law & Order
Bodies: The Exhibition, exhibit showcasing dissected human bodies in cities across the globe
Bodies (novel), 2002 novel by Jed Mercurio
Bodies, 1977 play by James Saunders (playwright)
Bodies, 2009 book by British psychoanalyst Susie Orbach
Music
Bodies (album), a 2021 album by AFI
Bodies (EP), a 2014 EP by Celia Pavey
"Bodies" (Drowning Pool song), 2001 hard rock song by Drowning Pool
"Bodies" (Sex Pistols song), 1977 punk rock song by the Sex Pistols
"Bodies" (Little Birdy song), 2007 indie rock song by Little Birdy
"Bodies" (Robbie Williams song), 2009 pop song by Robbie Williams
"Bodies", a song by Megadeth from Endgame
"Bodies", a song by The Smashing Pumpkins from Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness
Ben & Liam is an Australian breakfast radio show on Nova 919 in Adelaide, South Australia. It is hosted by comedians Ben Harvey and Liam Stapleton.
The show airs from 6am to 9am on weekdays with music and daily topic discussions and special guests. A daily podcast featuring the best bits from each show is available on ITunes
News, sport, weather and traffic updates are presented by Taylee Jones.
History
The show commenced broadcasting on 6 January 2020,
References
Australian radio personalities
Australian comedy radio programs
Australian comedy troupes
Australian comedy duos
2010s Australian radio programs
2020s Australian radio programs
Nova Entertainment
Triple J programmes
The Memory of Eva Ryker is a 1980 American television drama film starring Natalie Wood, Robert Foxworth and Ralph Bellamy. It was produced by Irwin Allen and directed by Walter Grauman.
It was based on a 1978 novel by Donald Stanwood which was originally set on the Titanic.
Filming took place in late 1979.
Plot
A woman has spent their life tormented by the death of their mother, who was on a cruise ship torpedoed during World War II. When their father hires an investigator to look into the circumstances of their mother's death, it triggers a new rash of emotional turmoil for the woman.
Cast
Natalie Wood as Eva Ryker / Claire Ryker
Robert Foxworth as Norman Hall
Ralph Bellamy as William E. Ryker
Roddy McDowall as MacFarland
Bradford Dillman as Jason Eddington
Jean-Pierre Aumont as Inspector Laurier
Mel Ferrer as Dr. Sanford
Peter Graves as Mike Rogers
Morgan Fairchild as Lisa Eddington
Robert Hogan as J.H. Martin
Vince Howard as Albert
Tonya Crowe as Eva as a child
References
External links
Memory of Eva Ryker at IMDb
The Memory of Eva Ryker at BFI
The Memory of Eva Ryker at Irwin Allen
Review of novel at Kirkus
Review of film at Washington Post
1980 films
1980 drama films
1980 television films
1980s English-language films
American drama films
American television films
CBS original programming
Films based on American novels
Films directed by Walter Grauman
Films scored by Richard LaSalle
1980s American films
Fuchsia simplicicaulis is a species of shrub in the family Onagraceae. It is endemic to Peru. It's Herbaria type is electrotype MA 11/92 11.
References
Flora of Peru
simplicicaulis
Union Township is a township in Crawford County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.
The township was previously known as Watkins Township sometime before 1870.
References
Townships in Missouri
Townships in Crawford County, Missouri
Alocasia reversa is a species of flowering plant in the family Araceae, native to Borneo. In its native habitat it is found on limestone outcrops, so as a houseplant it does not need heavy watering. It gets its specific epithet from the fact that its color pattern is reversed from the typical Alocasia, that is, its coloration is darker on and near the veins.
References
reversa
House plants
Endemic flora of Borneo
Plants described in 1890
Taxa named by N. E. Brown
Tersias is the second sequel to the fantasy novel Shadowmancer by Graham P. Taylor and direct sequel to Wormwood. Tersias was followed in 2006 by The Shadowmancer Returns: The Curse of Salamander Street. Tersias has had two releases, one for the original copy and a second for a special edition version.
Plot summary
The story starts off after Wormwood was destroyed and was sent to the dark side of the moon. Just as London was starting to recover from the disaster, Malachi, a magician, kept a blind boy named Tersias. Tersias was the one that predicted the coming of the comet for they were an oracle. After some time, people began to know about the helpless child's "abilities". Many people wanted to use Tersias' powers for themselves: Malachi, himself; Jonah, a teenage highwayman and their partner, Tara; Solomon, a zealot, who plans on using their experiments (flesh-eating locusts) and Lord Malphas, a keeper of mysterious powers.
Children's fantasy novels
2005 British novels
2005 children's books
British children's novels
Faber and Faber books
North Crawley is a village and civil parish in the unitary authority area of the City of Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire, England. It is located near the border with Bedfordshire, about three and a half miles east of Newport Pagnell.
The village name 'Crawley' is an Old English language word, and means 'clearing frequented by crows'. In the Domesday Book of 1086 the village was referred to as Crauelai. In manorial records in 1197 the area was split into Great Crawley and Little Crawley. The prefix 'North' was added sometime before 1398. Local speculation has it that the prefix was added to distinguish the village from the town of Crawley in West Sussex but supporting historical evidence remains to be found. The hamlet of Little Crawley still exists under that name.
Anciently North Crawley was the location of a monastery dedicated to Saint Firmin. The monastery was recorded in the Domesday Book, though had fallen into such decay by the Dissolution of the Monasteries that little notice was taken of it, and it fell into ruin shortly afterwards. The Anglican parish church continues to be dedicated to the saint.
The village has many different societies. They range form the Women's Institute to the Historical Society. There is also North Crawley Cricket Club and North Crawley Bowls Club.
There are two public houses in North Crawley. One named The Cock, the other named The Chequers. There also used to be a third pub named The Castle in North Crawley. All of these are mentioned in the song written about North Crawley named Hasten The Day by Jim Lancaster whilst they were in Burma.
References
External links
Villages in Buckinghamshire
Areas of Milton Keynes
Civil parishes in Buckinghamshire
was the fourth Shikken (1242–1246) of the Kamakura shogunate. They were son of Hōjō Tokiuji and of a former wife of Adachi Kagemori, elder brother of Hōjō Tokiyori and grandson of Hōjō Yasutoki. They ruled from 1242 to 1246 and founded Kōmyō-ji in Zaimokuza.  They are buried within the temple.
References
1224 births
1246 deaths
Hōjō clan
Adachi clan
People of Kamakura-period Japan
Clouds in My Head is the debut album by Norwegian jazz bassist and composer Arild Andersen recorded in 1975 and released on the ECM label.
Reception
The Allmusic review awarded the album 3 stars.
Track listing
All compositions by Arild Andersen
"305 W 18 St" - 3:49
"Last Song" - 3:09
"Outhouse" - 7:49
"Song for a Sad Day" - 7:02
"Clouds in My Head" - 3:26
"Cycles" - 6:14
"SIV" - 3:34
"The Sword Under Their Wings" - 9:44
Recorded at Arne Bendiksen Studio in Oslo, Norway in February 1975
Personnel
Arild Andersen - bass
Knut Riisnæs - tenor saxophone, soprano saxophone, flute
Jon Balke - piano
Pål Thowsen - drums
References
ECM Records albums
Arild Andersen albums
1975 albums
Albums produced by Manfred Eicher
ChessCafe.com is a website that publishes endgame studies, book reviews and other articles related to chess on a weekly basis. It was founded in 1996 by Hanon Russell, and is well known as a repository of articles about chess and its history.
It contains about twenty columns, each of which appears monthly. They are staggered so that about five new columns appear each Wednesday. The authors include some well-known chess players and instructors, such as Yasser Seirawan, Dan Heisman, Mark Dvoretsky, Susan Polgar, Karsten Müller, and Tim Harding. Previous notable contributors include Tony Miles, Tim Krabbe, Hans Ree, and Lev Alburt.
Harding's column, "The Kibitzer", often reviews games from the 19th and early 20th centuries, and produces original analysis based on their experience playing and annotating correspondence chess. "The Kibitzer" is also the oldest running column on Chesscafe.com, having started in June 1996.
ChessCafe.com was previously linked with the United States Chess Federation and operated USCF Sales until April 2009. The website also maintains archives in PDF format of all its articles from 2000 and later, and text archives of articles from previous issues. It suspended publication of new columns in May 2015. In June 2015 The site announced that the number of subscribers was too low to sustain the site and that they would go on a three month hiatus. The last puzzle was published in 2016 and the site is now dormant.
Old articles are behind a paywall.
Publishing
A number of books have been published under the ChessCafe brand by Russell Enterprises:
References
External links
Chess websites
1996 in chess
Internet properties established in 1996
Moosehead is a rural community on the Eastern Shore of Nova Scotia, Canada, in the Halifax Regional Municipality.
The community lies along the Marine Drive about east of Sheet Harbour, Nova Scotia on Trunk 7. The community is primarily located along the western shore of Necum Teuch Bay, an inlet of the Atlantic Ocean.
References
Communities in Halifax, Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
Elyse Null ( Hopfner-Hibbs, born September 12, 1989) is a Canadian former elite gymnast, UCLA gymnastics alumna, and YouTube personality. They were born in Mississauga, Ontario.
Elite career
They first started gymnastics in 1993, and competed in their first international event in 2001.
Hopfner-Hibbs won four medals at the 2006 Commonwealth Games: team bronze, gold in the women's uneven bars and women's beam, and silver in the women's all-around. They did not take the all-around title, despite having achieved the same score as eventual winner Chloe Sims of Australia. The new tie break rule had to be used to separate them (previously ties were not uncommon in gymnastics, even in the all-around). Sims did, however, invite Hopfner-Hibbs onto the gold medal podium with them Despite this, Hopfner-Hibbs finished the championship as one of the most decorated gymnasts at the event, tying with Hollie Dykes of Australia for the highest medal total.
In the 2006 World Championships, Hopfner-Hibbs won a bronze medal on the beam, the first medal ever for a Canadian woman at the World Championships. Since then they have won six World Cup medals on the beam and the uneven bars.
Hopfner-Hibbs competed in the 2008 Olympics in Beijing. They did not qualify to any event finals due to some errors in the preliminaries, but placed 16th in the individual all-around final.
College career
They entered UCLA on an NCAA scholarship in 2008 and was named Freshman of the Year in the Pac-10 Conference in 2009. They also finished 7th in the individual all-around competition at the 2009 NCAA National Championship, and was a second team All-American on vault, floor, uneven bars and in the all-around. In 2010, Elyse was a member of the national championship-winning UCLA team.
Post-Retirement
On May 1, 2015, they married Grayson Null in California. Grayson is the younger brother of YouTube personality Austin Null from The Nive Nulls. They also decided to start their own YouTube channel called Meet The Nulls. In May 2016, the couple announced, via YouTube, that they are expecting their first child. On November 27, 2016, they welcomed a baby girl, Scarlett Everly Null.
On June 3, 2018, they welcomed their second child, a son called River Kobe Null. On January 2, 2020, they announced that they were expecting their third child, but on February 14, 2020, Elyse announced that they had miscarried their baby, a son who they later named Finn Josiah Null. On June 17, 2020, the couple announced another pregnancy. On January 7, 2021, they welcomed another son named Oaklen Kove Null.
Skills
Vault - 1 Twisting Yurchenko
Uneven bars - Yarotska; Giant 1/1 Pirouette; Giant 1/2 Pirouette; Khorkina; Giant 1 Pirouette; Piked Jaeger; Church; Toe-on 1/1 Pirouette; Overshoot to Handstand; Stalder Hecht; Giant 1/2 Pirouette; Double Front Tuck Dismout
Balance Beam - Front Handspring Mount; Aerial to Back Layout to Back Layout; Illusion; Double Turn; Front Tuck; Switch Leap to Roundoff Aerial; Double Back Somersault Dismount
Floor Exercise - Triple Turn; Full Twisting Double Back; Arabian Double Front; Double Back Pike; 1.5 to a full twist
Eponymous skill
Hopfner-Hibbs has one eponymous skill listed in the Code of Points.
References
External links
Elyse Hopfner-Hibbs at Gymnastics Canada
1989 births
Living people
Canadian female artistic gymnasts
Gymnasts at the 2006 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for Canada
Gymnasts at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Olympic gymnasts of Canada
Medalists at the World Artistic Gymnastics Championships
Sportspeople from Mississauga
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for Canada
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for Canada
Commonwealth Games medallists in gymnastics
Originators of elements in artistic gymnastics
NCAA gymnasts who have scored a perfect 10
20th-century Canadian women
21st-century Canadian women
Konrad Martin (18 May 1812, at Geismar, Province of Saxony – 16 July 1879, at Mont St Guibert, near Brussels, Belgium) was a Catholic Bishop of Paderborn.
Life
Konrad Martin studied first under an elder brother who was a priest, and later at the Gymnasium at Heiligenstadt. They studied theology and Oriental languages for two years at Munich under Ignaz von Döllinger and Joseph Franz von Allioli, then went to Halle where the famous Gesenius taught, and thence to Würzburg, where they passed the examen rigorosum for the degree of Doctor Theologiæ. But they were compelled to leave Würzburg, and undergo the same examination in Münster, Westphalia, because the Prussian ministry forbade studying at South German universities and did not recognize their degrees.
In 1835 they obtained in Münster the degree of D.D. Feeling an inclination towards academic teaching which the diocese of Paderborn was unable to satisfy, they entered the archdiocese of Cologne, and as a student of the theological seminary was ordained priest in 1836. Immediately after this they were appointed rector of the "pro-gymnasium" at Wipperfürth, and published, in Mainz, 1839, under the pseudonym Dr. Fridericus Lange, a sharp and forceful pamphlet against Hermesianism, written in classical Latin. The pamphlet created a sensation and caused Geissel, coadjutor of Cologne, to appoint them teacher of religion at the Marzellengymnasium at Cologne in the year 1840. In order to elevate the teaching of religion in the higher schools, they wrote a textbook of the Catholic religion, which appeared at Mainz in 1843 in two volumes and went through fifteen editions. It was used as a textbook in all Prussian gymnasia and translated into Hungarian and French, but later on, during the Kulturkampf, it was suppressed by order of the Prussian minister of education.
Before the end of the same year they were invited by Bishop Dammers of Paderborn to become professor of dogmatic theology in the faculty of their home diocese, but Geissel requested them to remain in Cologne and made them extraordinary professor of theology at the University of Bonn, inspector of the local seminaries, and, with Dieringer, university preacher. In 1848 they became ordinary professor of moral theology and published, in 1850, the Lehrbuch der katholischen Moral which as early as 1865 had gone through five editions.
In 1856 they were elected Bishop of Paderborn, and consecrated by Cardinal Geissel on 17 August. They became one of the most illustrious bishops of Germany. It was their first care to train effective priests. They combined their annual confirmation journeys with detailed investigations. They founded, in 1857, at Heiligenstadt a second seminary for boys and introduced the general examination for priests. In connection with ideas they formed in 1860 during the provincial council at Cologne, they founded with their own money a theological school at Paderborn.
Bishop Martin was a supporter of Pauline Mallinckrodt and instrumental in helping the Sisters of Christian Charity gain papal approval. They asked Maria Theresia Bonzel to form a congregation to work with the poor. The Sisters of St. Francis of Perpetual Adoration in Olpe were approved by the Church on 20 July 1863.
Martin had the satisfaction of holding a diocesan synod at Paderborn in 1867, the first for two centuries; at this synod the resolutions passed at the Council of Cologne were adopted, although in slightly changed form. They established and enlarged the Bonifatius-Verein, of which they were president from 1859 until 1875, and through the assistance of which they were able to found about fifty new missionary posts in neglected districts. They addressed to the Protestants of Germany three friendly brochures entitled: "An episcopal message to the Protestants of Germany, especially to those of my own Diocese, regarding the points of controversy between us" (Paderborn, 1866); "Second Episcopal Message to the Protestants of Germany" (same year); and "Why is there still this gulf between the Churches? An open message to Germany's Catholics and Protestants" (Paderborn, 1869).
At the First Vatican Council they were from the beginning a defendant of the infallibility of the papal office; with them originated the wording of the most important chapter of the final decision.
In 1874, because of their opposition to the Falk Laws, they were sentenced to imprisonment; in the following year they were relieved of their office, by order of the Minister of Worship, and incarcerated in the fortress of Wesel. A few months later, however, they succeeded in escaping to the Netherlands, but was expelled on the demand of the Prussian government. They found a refuge with the Sisters of Christian Charity, who had been banished from Paderborn and who had settled in Mont St. Guibert. From there, as a centre, they governed their diocese through secret emissaries, laboured as pastor and teacher of religion, and wrote several works such as "Drei Jahre aus meinen Leben: 1874-1877" (Paderborn, 1877). Other writings were found among their papers after their death and published by their private secretary, Stamm, in seven volumes, 1882–1890.
They died in exile in Belgium on 16 July 1879. Upon their death, Mother Pauline had their body secretly moved across the border and accompanied it to Paderborn, where the bishop was buried with full solemn honors.
Along with another Catholic theologian, Sebastian Brunner, Martin authored an anti-Jewish tract entitled Blicke in's talmudische Judenthum (1848), which argued that Jews were a source of danger to Christian life. This work went on to have great influence in the antisemitic political agitation of the 1870s, during which Joseph Rebbert published a second edition of it: Blicke in's talmudische Judenthum, nach den Forschungen von Dr. Konrad Martin (Paderborn: Bonifacius, 1876), which was employed for the purposes of political antisemitic propaganda.
References
Sources
Stamm, Dr. Conrad Martin, ein bibliographischer Versuch (1892)
, Urkundensammlung zur Biographie (1892)
, Aus der Briefmappe Martins (Paderborn, 1902)
External links
Croshier of Bishop Martin
1812 births
1879 deaths
People from Eichsfeld (district)
19th-century German Roman Catholic bishops
Roman Catholic bishops of Paderborn
People from the Province of Saxony
Martin Luther University of Halle-Wittenberg alumni
Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich alumni
University of Würzburg alumni
University of Münster alumni
University of Bonn faculty
The Pentax KP is a 24 megapixel compact APS-C AA-filterless digital SLR camera announced by Ricoh on January 25, 2017. It features a PRIME IV image processor with an "image accelerator unit" that supports its operation up to ISO 819,200. It has a 1/6000s conventional and 1/24,000s electronic shutter (available in Live View). In terms of bracketing modes, it adds depth of field and shutter speed bracketing. The Pentax KP uses the Pentax K-mount interchangeable lens system.
Compared to Pentax K-70
The Pentax KP is similar in many aspects to the about half year older K-70 but significantly more expensive. The differences are:
The KP has a more vintage, old film SLR looking body and they also have a different button layout.
The material of the bodies is also different, the KP has a magnesium alloy construction built on a stainless steel chassis whereas the K-70 is made out of plastic.
The KP can shoot a 7 fps continuous burst, the K-70 is one fps slower.
The maximum ISO sensitivity is four times higher on the KP (819,200 vs 102,400).
The image sensor in the KP has a 0.1 MP resolution advantage
The KP autofocus features 16 more focus points (27, 25 of them are cross type vs 11, 9 of them are cross type).
The KP has the option to use electronic shutter instead of a mechanical shutter.
The K-70 can take 20 more pictures with one battery charge (410 vs 390 shots) and two times longer flash coverage (12 meters vs 6 meters).
The rear display can only tilt in the KP, the one in the K-70 is fully articulated while using the same LCD panel.
References
External links
Pentax KP, Ricoh Imaging Company, Ltd. Japan
KP
Live-preview digital cameras
Cameras introduced in 2017
Pentax K-mount cameras
Shampaign is a 2016 Ghanaian TV series written by Shirley Frimpong-Manso and co-produced with ken Attoh. The television series is a political drama that has two seasons which has thirteen episodes in each season.
Plot
The movie tells a story of a woman called Naana Akua Quansah is a politician and is seeking to become first female president, as they campaign with their team citizens in the country bought into their ideology letting them have the mass majority of voter on their side. Things unfolded when they had an accident and they fell into coma, the team had to device a new strategy by using their twin sister in their place to win power.
Cast
Joselyn Dumas as Naana Akua Quansah
Jot Agyemang as Kofi Malm
Blossom Chukwujeku as Francis Peters
Kofi Bucknor as Nene Adodoadji
Daniel Kojo Delong as Patrick Nunoo
Jeffery Forson as Obiri
Zynnell Lydia Zuh as Priscilla Peters
Anima Misa Amoah as Kate Malm
Ofie Kodjoe as Mrs. Hyde
Tinell Dickens as Elizabeth Vanderpuije
Madelein Abedi-Boafo as Miranda Graves Nunoo
Akofa Edjeani as Menaye Quansah
Lyn Ethel Benil as Julia Hawkins
John Dumelo as Jonas Vanderpuije
Mikey Ashkar as Jason Williams
Kingsley Yamoah as George Sarpong
Jamillah Sulleyman as Frema
Agbeki (Bex) Mortty as Duke Ofori
Fred Kanebi as Donald Arthur
David Oscar as Dabo
Godwin Namboh as Christian Commodore
Shirely Emma Tibilla as Charlotte Malm
Marian Addo as Ashiokor
Fred Amugi as Ankrah
Miriam Ama Saaka as Aku Brown
Kabuki Akiwumi as Mary-Ann Wilson
Princess Fathia Nkrumah as Deborah Ceasar
Augustine Abbey (Idikoko) as Mr. Hawkson
References
2016 Ghanaian television series debuts
Political drama television series
Yishun Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Yishun, Singapore, within the vicinity of Khatib MRT station. The stadium has a capacity of 3,400.
History
1996 to 2003- Home to the Sembawang Rangers FC.
2006 S.League Season- Sporting Afrique FC played their home games at the stadium.
2007 to 2009- Home to the Super Reds FC.
2010 S.League Season- Beijing Guoan FC (Singapore) played their home games at the stadium.
2012 S.League Season- Young Tigers A played their home games at the stadium.
2015 S.League Season- Home United moved from Bishan Stadium to Yishun Stadium as their primary stadium.
References
Football venues in Singapore
Yishun
Multi-purpose stadiums in Singapore
Singapore Premier League venues
Sembawang Rangers FC
Atlanticville is an historic community in Charleston County, South Carolina. Its post office operated sporadically from 1903–24, 1925–37, and 1938–42.
Sources
Journal of the American Philatelist, published monthly. State College, Pennsylvania. Use form US-T154/MMYYYY/p#. 072000/p648
Atlanticville, South Carolina. Geographic Names Information System, U.S. Geological Survey.
Populated places in Charleston County, South Carolina
Decoding the Heavens: A 2,000-Year-old Computer and the Century Long Search to Discover Its Secrets by Jo Marchant is an exploration of the history and significance of the Antikythera Mechanism ( ), an ancient mechanical calculator (also described as the first known mechanical computer) designed to calculate astronomical positions. Technological artifacts of similar complexity did not reappear until a thousand years later.
Marchant approaches the mystery of the mechanism in a narrative that begins with the discovery of the Antikythera wreck in 1901 and includes a primer on the development of scuba gear in the 19th century. Throughout the book, Marchant weaves ancient history with the lives and travails of the handful of contemporary scientists who bucked conventional wisdom with their belief that the mechanism embodied technological and mathematical expertise thought to be impossible for its time. It is believed to have been built about 150–100 BC and yet the delicate bronze clockwork it embodies would not be known to Europe until the Middle Ages.
The author acknowledges (p. 302) that none of the principal researchers from the Antikythera Mechanism Research Project were involved "in any way" with the writing of the book. The project has published a commentary that sets out problems with the book's account of their work.
The book's account of the collaboration between Michael Wright and Allan Bromley is disputed.
Editions
The book was first published in November 2008 in hardback by William Heinemann Ltd. (). It was republished by Da Capo Press in hardback in 2009 (), and in paperback in 2010 ().
Reviews
Anonymous. (January 26, 2009). "Decoding the Heavens: A 2,000-Year-old Computer and the Century Long Search to Discover Its Secrets" Publishers Weekly, Starred Review (accessed 31 May 2009)
Collins, P. (February 25, 2009). "Review: Decoding the Heavens by Jo Marchant" New Scientist (accessed 31 May 2009)
Lake, E. (January 8, 2009). "Decoding the Heavens: Solving the Mystery of the World's First Computer by Jo Marchant" The Telegraph (accessed 31 May 2009)
Sims, M. (March 8, 2009). "'Decoding the Heavens' by Jo Marchant", Los Angeles Times (accessed 30 May 2009)
Turney, J. (November 21, 2008). "Clockwork marvel before its time" The Independent (accessed 31 May 2009)
References
2008 non-fiction books
21st-century history books
History books about Greece
Technology books
Heinemann (publisher) books
Edward Marvin Head (January 25, 1918 – January 31, 1980) was a professional baseball player who pitched in the Major Leagues from 1940 to 1946.
Head was notable for a number of reasons, one of them was the physical challenges they overcame to become a major league baseball player. A natural left-handed pitcher, at the age of 15, Head was involved in a vehicle accident that killed their girlfriend and almost resulted in the amputation of their left arm. After hours of surgery, Head's arm was saved but they could no longer use it to pitch, so they switched and became a right handed pitcher.
Head joined the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1940 and after compiling a record of 1–2, was sent back to the minor leagues for additional development. They returned in 1942 and was promoted to the team's starting rotation where they went 10–6 for the season. In 1943, they were not as effective, their record was 9–10, but they recovered in 1944 starting the season 4–3 with a career low ERA of 2.70 before they entered the Army to fulfill their service obligation.
After serving in the Army and not pitching in the majors for most of 1944 and all of 1945, Head no-hit the Boston Braves 5–0 at Ebbets Field on April 23, 1946, in their first start of the season. Several weeks later, Head injured their right arm and did not pitch for the remainder of the season. They failed to make the major league club in spring training of 1947, and never pitched in the majors again, their no-hitter being one of the last games they ever pitched.
Head managed the Asheville Tourists minor league baseball club in 1949.
Head died on January 31, 1980, at age 62.
See also
List of Major League Baseball no-hitters
References
External links
1918 births
1980 deaths
Major League Baseball pitchers
Asheville Tourists managers
Baseball players from Louisiana
Brooklyn Dodgers players
Jackson Senators players
Abbeville A's players
Elmira Pioneers players
Montreal Royals players
Fort Worth Cats players
St. Paul Saints (AA) players
People from Grant Parish, Louisiana
United States Army personnel of World War II
Blackswamp is a locality in the Western Downs Region, Queensland, Australia. In the , Blackswamp had a population of 57 people.
History
Blackswamp Provisional School opened circa 1912 and closed circa 1914. It was located on the northern corner of the junction of Blackswamp Road and Burns Road ().
References
Western Downs Region
Localities in Queensland
Patricia's disk-winged bat (Thyroptera wynneae) is a species of disk-winged bat found in South America.
Taxonomy and etymology
It was described as a new species in 2014.
The holotype had been collected in 2012 in Peru.
The eponym for the species name "wynneae" is Patricia J. Wynne, an artist-in-residence for the American Museum of Natural History's Department of Mammalogy.
Of Wynne, the authors wrote, "Exceptional for clarity, elegant rendering, and meticulous attention to relevant detail, Patricia's work is immediately recognizable and inimitable."
Description
Its snout is short and narrow, and its braincase is globular in shape.
Its fur is light brown, long, and woolly.
Its flight membranes are dark brown.
It has oblong adhesive disks on its thumbs and feet.
It has a dental formula of for a total of 38 teeth.
Range and habitat
Its range includes Peru and Brazil.
It is found in lowland areas from .
Conservation
As of 2016, it is evaluated as data deficient by the IUCN.
It meets the criteria for this classification because there is insufficient data to determine its range, population size and trend, and threats.
References
Thyropteridae
Bats of South America
Mammals described in 2014
Have a Holly Jolly Christmas is a Christmas album by American folk singer Burl Ives, first released by Decca Records in October 1965 (recorded in November 1964).
Ives had recorded two of the songs on the album ("A Holly Jolly Christmas" and "Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer") previously for the Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer soundtrack, but they recorded new versions for Have a Holly Jolly Christmas. "A Holly Jolly Christmas" in particular had a significantly different and slower arrangement, which is more commonly heard today. This version had already been released as a single the previous year, with a B-side of "Snow for Johnny", which they also featured on the album.
Track listing
Personnel
Burl Ives – lead vocals
Owen Bradley – director of chorus and orchestra
Charts
References
Decca DL 4689 (mono), DL 74689 (stereo), 1965 vinyl LP release
MCA 15002 (1977 LP re-issue) at discogs.com
MCAD 25992 (1995 CD re-issue) at discogs.com
1965 Christmas albums
Burl Ives albums
Decca Records albums
Albums produced by Milt Gabler
Christmas albums by American artists
Covers albums
Folk Christmas albums
Pop Christmas albums
Pentylone (β-Keto-Methylbenzodioxolylpentanamine, βk-Methyl-K, βk-MBDP, methylenedioxypentedrone, or 1‐(3,4‐methylenedioxyphenyl)‐2‐(methylamino)pentan‐1‐one) is a stimulant developed in the 1960s. It is a substituted cathinone (a type of substituted phenethylamine). It has been identified in some samples of powders sold as "NRG-1", along with varying blends of other cathinone derivatives including flephedrone, MDPBP, MDPV and 4-MePPP.
It was also found in combination with 4-MePPP being sold as "NRG-3". Reports indicate side effects include feelings of paranoia, agitation and inability to sleep, with effects lasting for several days at high doses.
Pharmacology
Pentylone acts as a serotonin-norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibitor and a serotonin releasing agent.
Legality
Pentylone is banned in Canada, Germany, Sweden, the United States and in the UK.
See also
α-PVP
Dipentylone
Methylenedioxypyrovalerone (MDPV)
Methyl-K
N-Ethylpentylone
Pentedrone
References
Cathinones
Benzodioxoles
Designer drugs
Serotonin–norepinephrine–dopamine reuptake inhibitors
Serotonin releasing agents
Stimulants
Typhistes antilope, is a species of spider of the genus Typhistes. It is endemic to Sri Lanka.
See also
List of Linyphiidae species
References
Linyphiidae
Spiders of Asia
Spiders described in 1894
Reg Parnell Racing was a privateer Formula One team during the 1950s and 1960s. The team was founded by ex-Formula One driver Reg Parnell after they retired from racing. It raced as Yeoman Credit Racing in 1961 and as the Bowmaker Racing Team in 1962. The team's best results were a pair of second places in the British Grand Prix and the German Grand Prix of . John Surtees also took pole for the team at the 1962 Dutch Grand Prix.
Formula One World Championship results
(key) (Results in bold indicate pole position; results in italics indicate the fastest lap; † indicates shared drive.)
‡ At the 1964 Austrian Grand Prix Amon used a car borrowed from Team Lotus with Climax V8 engine.
References
Formula One entrants
British auto racing teams
Lotus Cars
The 1992 U.S. Figure Skating Championships took place at the Orlando Arena in Orlando, Florida. Medals were awarded in four colors: gold (first), silver (second), bronze (third), and pewter (fourth) in six disciplines – men's singles, ladies' singles, pair skating, ice dancing, men's figures and ladies's figures – across three levels: senior, junior, and novice.
The event determined the U.S. teams for the 1992 Winter Olympics and 1992 World Championships.
Senior results
Men
Men's figures
Ladies
Ladies' figures
Pairs
Ice dancing
(incomplete standings)
Junior results
Men
Men's figures
Ladies
Ladies' figures
Pairs
Ice dancing
(incomplete standings)
Novice results
Men
Men's figures
Ladies
Ladies' figures
Pairs
Ice dancing
References
External links
Men's and ladies' results
U.S. Figure Skating Championships
United States Figure Skating Championships, 1992
United States Figure Skating Championships, 1992
United States Figure Skating Championships, 1992
January 1992 sports events in the United States
The 16th Kentucky Cavalry Regiment was a cavalry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Service
The 16th Kentucky Cavalry Regiment was organized at Paducah, Kentucky and mustered in for three years. It mustered in under the command of Major George F. Barnes.
The regiment was attached to 2nd Brigade, 2nd Division, Cavalry Corps, Department of the Ohio, to May 1864. 1st Cavalry Brigade, District of Kentucky, 5th Division, XXIII Corps, Department of the Ohio, to October 1864.
The 16th Kentucky Cavalry ceased when it was consolidated into the 12th Kentucky Cavalry on October 15, 1864.
Detailed service
Duty at Paducah, Kentucky, until April 1864. Fort Anderson, Paducah, March 25–26, 1864. Ordered to Louisville, Kentucky, April 12. Operations against Morgan May 31-June 30. Cynthiana June 12. At Nicholasville, Kentucky, June to August. Cleveland, Tennessee, August 17. Gillem's Expedition from eastern Tennessee toward southwestern Virginia September 20-October 17. Leesburg September 28. Near Rheatown, Duvall's Ford, Watauga River, September 30.
Casualties
The regiment lost a total of 58 men during service; 3 enlisted men killed or mortally wounded, 1 officer and 54 enlisted men died of disease.
Commanders
Major George F. Barnes
See also
List of Kentucky Civil War Units
Kentucky in the Civil War
References
Dyer, Frederick H. A Compendium of the War of the Rebellion (Des Moines, IA: Dyer Pub. Co.), 1908.
Attribution
Military units and formations established in 1863
Military units and formations disestablished in 1864
Units and formations of the Union Army from Kentucky
1863 establishments in Kentucky
Stabat Mater is a 13th-century Catholic hymn to Mary's suffering as Jesus Christ's mother at their crucifixion.
Stabat Mater may also refer to:
Stabat Mater (art), artistic representations of that scene
Stabat Mater Speciosa, about the Nativity
Stabat Mater (Kristeva), an essay by Julia Kristeva
Stabat Mater (ballet), a ballet by Peter Martins
Stabat Mater (band), in the funeral doom genre
See also
Stata Mater, an ancient Roman goddess
Chepkongony is a village near Kaptagat in the Uasin Gishu County, Kenya. It is part of Wareng County Council and Eldoret East Constituency.
It is the birthplace of famous runner Benjamin Limo.
There is also village called Chepkongony in Nandi County and Kericho County
Populated places in Rift Valley Province
Uasin Gishu County
The River Gaur () is a river in Perthshire which enters Loch Rannoch.
References
Rivers of Perth and Kinross
The archaeological site of Herxheim, located in the municipality of Herxheim in southwest Germany, was a ritual center and a mass grave formed by people of the Linear Pottery culture (LBK) culture in Neolithic Europe. The site is often compared to that of the Talheim Death Pit and Schletz-Asparn, but is quite different in nature. The site dates from between 5300 and 4950 BC.
Discovery
Herxheim was discovered in 1996 on the site of a construction project when locals reported finds of bones, including human skulls. The excavation was considered a salvage or rescue dig, as parts of the site were destroyed by the construction.
Culture
The people at Herxheim were part of the LBK culture. Styles of LBK pottery, some of a high quality, were discovered at the site from local populations as well as from distant lands from the north and east, even as far as away. Local flint as well as flints from distant sources were also found.
Settlement
The structures at Herxheim suggested that of a large village spanning up to surrounded by a sequence of ovoid pits dug over a duration of several centuries. These pits eventually cut into one another, forming a triple, semi-circular enclosure ditch split into three sections. The way the pits were dug over such a length of time, in addition to their use, suggests a pre-determined layout. The structures within the enclosure eroded over time, and "yielded only a small number of settlement pits and a few graves". These pits were either trapezoidal or triangular in nature.
Mass grave
The enclosure ditches around the settlement comprise at least 80 ovoid pits containing the remains of humans and animals, and material goods such as pottery (some rare and high-quality), bone and stone tools, and "rare decorative artifacts". The remains of dogs, often found intact, were also recovered.
The human remains were primarily shattered and dispersed within the pits, rarely intact or in anatomical position. Using a quantification process known as "minimum number of individuals" (MNI), researchers concluded that the site contained at least 500 individual humans ranging from newborns to the elderly. However, "since the area excavated corresponds to barely half the enclosure, we can assume that in fact more than 1000 individuals were involved". The deposition of the human remains occurred only within the final 50 years of occupation at the site.
Mortuary practices
The people at Herxheim practiced a type of burial known as secondary burial, which consists of the removal of the corpse or partial corpse and subsequent placement elsewhere. This is evident due to the lack of complete, articulated skeletons in the majority of the burials. Another possibility is that of sky burial, in which the corpse is exposed to the elements and many bones are carried off by scavengers.
A 2006 study revealed the intentional breakage and cutting of various human elements, particularly skulls. Bones were broken with stone tools in a peri-mortem state, as is evident by the fragmentation patterns on the bones, which differ between fresh and dry (old) conditions. The conclusion reached from this study was that the site of Herxheim was a ritual mortuary center - a necropolis - where the remains of the dead were not just buried, but for reasons unknown, destroyed.
A 2009 study confirmed many findings from the 2006 study, but added new information. In just one pit deposit, this study found 1906 bones and bone fragments from at least 10 individuals ranging from newborns to adults. At least 359 individual skeletal elements were identified. This in-depth study revealed many more cut, impact, and bite marks made upon the skulls and post-cranial skeletal elements. It was apparent that parts of the humans' bodies were singled out for their marrow content, suggesting cannibalization (see Hypotheses).
Note that due to the fractures present on the bones being peri-mortem, the blows to the bones could have been made immediately prior (including as cause of) or soon after death. However, because of their precision placement, a peri-mortem "Cause of Death" is not likely, and rather the impacts were placed after the bone was defleshed.
Skull cult practices
Of particular note from both studies was the peculiar treatment of the humans' skulls. Many skulls were treated in a similar manner: skulls were struck on "the sagittal line, splitting faces, mandibles, and skull caps into symmetrical halves". A few skulls were clearly skinned prior to being struck, again, all in the same manner: "horizontal cuts above the orbits, vertical cuts along the sagittal suture, and oblique cuts in the parietals".
The vault of the skull was preserved and shaped into what is referred to as a calotte (calvarium). During this process the brain, which is a source of dietary fat, may have been extracted. Additionally, a later study revealed that the tongues of humans were removed.
Hypotheses
Necropolis
Due to the transportation of distant pottery and flint, it was the conclusion of the 2006 study that Herxheim served as a necropolis for the LBK people of the area.
"The projection of the number of individuals present (...) to a probable total of 1,300 to 1,500 rules out the possibility of a local graveyard — and points a regional centre at Herxheim to which human remains were transported for the purpose of reburial. (...) To organise the transport not only of stone tools and pottery but also of human bones and partial or maybe even complete corpses implies an efficient organisational and communication system."
Ritual cannibalism
Whether for religious purpose or war, it is apparent from the 2009 study that the humans at the site of Herxheim were butchered and eaten. Not only were cut marks found on locations of the skeleton that are made during the dismemberment and filleting process, bones were also crushed for the purposes of marrow extraction, and chewed. Besides the fresh-bone fractures present on many bones, "[processing] for marrow is also documented by the presence of scrape marks in the marrow cavity on two fragments."
Skeletal representation analysis revealed that many of the "spongy bone" elements - such as the spinal column, patella, ilium, and sternum - were underrepresented compared to what would be expected in a mass grave. "All these observations are similar to those observed in animal butchery." Additionally, preferential chewing of the metapodials and hand phalanges "speak strongly in favour of human choice rather than more or less random action by carnivores".
"The number of people concerned at Herxheim obviously suggests that cannibalism for the simple purpose of survival is highly improbable, all the more so as the characteristics of the deposits show a standard, repetitive, and strongly ritualised practice".
Although a concrete conclusion has yet to be made, the archaeology does not rule out the possibility of deliberate travel to the complex with pottery, flint, and dead bodies (or partial bodies), with the intent to have the dead cannibalized and/or ritually destroyed. It also does not rule out the idea of human sacrifice.
Other archeologists reject the cannibalism hypothesis however, maintaining the evidence better fits a scenario in which the dead were reburied following dismemberment and removal of flesh from bones. "Evidence of ceremonial reburial practices has been reported for many ancient societies."
References
Further reading
Settlement Site Hints at Mass Cannibalism: Discovery News
Projekt Herxheim: Ongoing list of related publications in German, English, and French.
Archaeological sites in Germany
Neolithic Germany
Prehistoric cannibalism
Linear Pottery culture
Archaeology of Rhineland-Palatinate
Fatemeh Bahrayni (; 5 August 1922 – 23 October 2009), better known as Roza Montazemi (), was an Iranian author of cookbooks. Them cookbook Honar-e Aashpazi (The Art of Cooking) has been in publication since 1964–1965 and is now in its 41st edition with 1700 Iranian and non-Iranian recipes.
They were born 5 August 1922. They died in Tehran on 23 October 2009.
References
External links
Official website (in Persian)
1922 births
2009 deaths
Iranian women writers
Iranian chefs
Women cookbook writers
Women food writers
Iranian cookbook writers
Bowling Green is a hamlet in Cornwall, England, UK. It is located north of St Austell, within the civil parish of Treverbyn.
References
Hamlets in Cornwall
Malva pudding is a sweet pudding of South African origin. It contains apricot jam and has a spongy caramelised texture. A cream sauce is often poured over it while it is hot, and it is usually served hot with custard and/or ice-cream. Many South African restaurants offer it. The pudding is thought to originally be of Dutch then Cape Dutch origin synonymous with the Cape.
The pudding gained popularity on the West Coast of the US after Oprah Winfrey's personal chef, Art Smith, served it for Christmas dinner in 2006 to the pupils of the Oprah Winfrey Leadership Academy for Girls in South Africa.
There are various theories on the origin of the name.
The Oxford English Dictionary says it comes from Afrikaans malvalekker, meaning "marshmallow" (ultimately from Latin malva, a mallow). This may arise from a resemblance between the pudding's texture and that of a marshmallow or a similar Afrikaner sweet, the malvelekker, made with the extract of marsh mallow.
Malva is also Afrikaans for geranium (in the broad sense, including Pelargonium). Another botanical theory is that the batter was originally flavoured with the leaves of the lemon- or the rose-scented geranium, varieties of South African native plants.
Art Smith said that according to Colin Cowie, their hospitality ambassador in South Africa, the pudding was named after a woman called Malva.
Another theory is that the sauce originally contained Malvasia (malmsey) wine. Proponents of this theory include brandy or sherry in the sauce.
Still others suggest that the pudding was originally accompanied by Malvasia wine.
Jan Ellis Pudding is a variant.
See also
List of African dishes
References
South African cuisine
Puddings
Altacreodus ("creodont from Alberta") is an extinct genus of eutherian mammal. Fossils have been found in North America where they first appeared during the Late Cretaceous, and they died out prior to the start of the Paleocene.
The type species is "Cimolestes" magnus, which was renamed Altacreodus magnus in 2015. Recent phylogenetic analyses suggests that genus Altacreodus is a member of clade Ferae and the closest known sister taxon to genus Tinerhodon. In some studies it has been considered a crown-group placental, close to the order Hyaenodonta, while other studies have considered its position as a crown-group placental equivocal.
Phylogeny
The phylogenetic relationships of genus Altacreodus are shown in the following cladogram.
References
Pan-Carnivora
Cretaceous mammals of North America
Hell Creek fauna
Fossil taxa described in 2015
Secrets of the Titanic is a documentary, made and filmed over 1985, 1986, and 1987. Produced by the National Geographic Society, it was a National Geographic Video exclusive, narrated by Martin Sheen, written and produced by Nicolas Noxon consisting of historical photos and footage of the massive steamer being built and launched, the discovery and exploration by Dr. Robert Ballard, and a look inside the wreck, not only the ship itself, but the human story and sinking theories.
Background
At the time, young undersea explorer Bob Ballard develops the technology and the U.S. Navy sponsors an expedition. The date is September 1, 1985, the search has been going on for 56 days when Argo's camera shows wreckage, then one of Titanics massive boilers. Then it follows Ballard in their exploration the next year, along with Martin Bowen, the pilot of the undersea robot (ROV), Jason Jr., which was mounted in a "garage" on the front of the DSV Alvin.
References
External links
National Geographic (American TV channel) original programming
Documentary films about RMS Titanic
Holaxyra ancylosticha is a moth in the family Gelechiidae. It was described by Turner in 1919. It is found in Australia, where it has been recorded from Queensland.
The wingspan is about 20 mm. The forewings are fuscous with a broad median blackish streak from the base, soon bent to above the fold and narrowing to a point at two-fifths. The first discal touches or is found just beyond the apex of the streak, the second at three-fifths, with the blackish plical before the first discal. There is a whitish costal suffusion containing some ferruginous scales. The hindwings are dark-grey.
References
Moths described in 1919
Dichomeridinae
The 2012 Croatian Cup Final was a two-legged affair played between Dinamo Zagreb and Osijek.
The first leg was played in Osijek on 2 May 2012, while the second leg on 9 May 2012 in Zagreb.
Dinamo Zagreb won the trophy with an aggregate result of 3–1.
Road to the final
First leg
Second leg
References
External links
2012 Final
GNK Dinamo Zagreb matches
NK Osijek matches
Cup Final
Destratification may refer to:
Thermal destratification, mixing air to reduce stratified layers of heat that become trapped near the ceiling in buildings
Lake stratification, mixing water to eliminate stratified layers of temperature, plant, or animal life
The Honolulu Hurricanes was a Professional Indoor Football League (PIFL) team based in Honolulu, Hawaii, that competed in the 1998 season. According to the team's media guide, the ownership partners – registered as Pro Sports Limited Liability Company – were Rev. John Frederick, the team's founder and co head coach ; Sig Schuster, the CEO; Dennis Enomoto; Neil Wiedemann; Louis "Sonny" Souza, the team's on-field coach; and James K. Wong. The team office was based in Honolulu, and played their home games at the Neal S. Blaisdell Center, also in Honolulu. The team colors were red and gold. The Hurricanes were coached by the Hawaii Police Department's Louis "Sonny" Souza.
The Hurricanes played two preseason PIFL games in 1998, both victories at home:
February 28 – Las Vegas Outlaws† 14 at Honolulu Hurricanes 53
March 27 – Tucson Mirage† 19 at Honolulu Hurricanes 25
†scheduled 1999 PIFL expansion team
All players on the Honolulu opening day roster played high school or college football in Hawaii. The list included: receivers Micah Matsuzaki and Dan Ahuna, running backs Tupu Alualu and Jerry Papalii, quarterback John Hao, offensive lineman Damon Kakalia, defensive back Niko Vitale, linebackers Manly Williams and George Noga and defensive linemen Kalei Cockett and Junior Tagoai.
The Hurricanes franchise drew about 5,500 for its first game (preseason), and 3,800 for the second, but averaged between 500 and 1,000 per game after that. Honolulu ended the 1998 PIFL season with a 6-8 record. However, the team nearly made the playoffs when commissioner Richard "Dick" Suess nearly expelled the Green Bay Bombers, Madison Mad Dogs, and Colorado Wildcats after the announcement that they were leaving to start a rival league following the season.
After the season, the Hurricanes were sold. One reason was the mounting financial burden of having to travel to the mainland for games, a problem common to nearly all Hawaii sports teams who schedule competitions on the mainland. The new owners were Straub chief executive officer Dr. Blake Waterhouse, former Hawaii Winter Baseball League owner Duane Kurisu, insurance company executive Carl Hennrich, Borthwick Group owners John and Diane Farias Jr., Borthwick general manager Scott Sells, Robertson and Co. Jewelers owner Robert Wu and Regal Travel owner Ray Miyashiro. Along with ownership change, the Hurricanes were renamed the "Hawaii Hammerheads" for the 1999 season, for which the league was likewise renamed as the "Indoor Professional Football League" rather than the Professional Indoor Football League.
Season-by-season
|-
|1998 || 6 || 8 || 0 || 5th League || --
Honolulu Hurricanes 1998 schedule
April 11 - Honolulu Hurricanes 37, at Colorado Wildcats 48
April 25 - Honolulu Hurricanes 46, at Texas Bullets 40
May 9 - Green Bay Bombers 46, at Honolulu Hurricanes 45
May 16 - Madison Mad Dogs 24, at Honolulu Hurricanes 33
May 22 - Minnesota Monsters 42, at Honolulu Hurricanes 20 – Minnesota forfeit
May 30 - Colorado Wildcats 42, at Honolulu Hurricanes 34
June 6 - Honolulu Hurricanes 59, at Louisiana Bayou Beast 69
June 20 - Honolulu Hurricanes 36, at Madison Mad Dogs 64
June 27 - Honolulu Hurricanes 50, at Utah Catzz 52
July 4 - Texas Bullets at Honolulu Hurricanes – Texas forfeit
July 11 - Honolulu Hurricanes at Minnesota Monsters – Minnesota forfeit
July 18 - Honolulu Hurricanes 18, at Green Bay Bombers 46
July 25 - Utah Catzz 12, at Honolulu Hurricanes 42
August 2 - Louisiana Bayou Beast 52, at Honolulu Hurricanes 29
References
Professional Indoor Football League teams
American football teams in Honolulu
American football teams established in 1998
American football teams disestablished in 1999
The South-Tambeyskoye gas field is a natural gas field located in the Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug. It was discovered in 1974. The field is operated by Yamal LNG, controlled by Novatek. It produces natural gas and condensates.
The field was discovered in 1974 and it began production in 1976. In the 1990s–2000s, until 2005, the license belonged to Tambeyneftegaz, controlled by Nikolay Bogachyov. In 2005, the license was reassigned to Yamal LNG. Novatek took control of Yamal LNG in 2009.
Proven and probable resources in the deposit is , of which proven reserves are around . It supplies the Yamal LNG plant.
High-ethane gas will supply the ethane separation and Baltic LNG plant at Ust-Luga, with a planned start in 2026.
References
Natural gas fields in Russia
Natural gas fields in the Soviet Union
Tiger and Turtle – Magic Mountain is an art installation and landmark in , Duisburg, Germany, built in 2011. It was designed by Ulrich Genth and Heike Mutter. It resembles a roller coaster, but it is a walkway with stairs. Its vertical loop continues the walkway and stairs, but it is unwalkable and is blocked off. In 2013, Tiger and Turtle – Magic Mountain was ranked as #6 on HuffPost's list of Most Extreme Staircases.
References
External links
Buildings and structures in Duisburg
Culture in Duisburg
Stairways
Cass Adelbert Cline (also known as C. A. Cline; August 28, 1850 – July 19, 1926) was an American pioneer who was an early settler in central Oregon. Cline's family moved to Oregon when they were a small child, settling west of the Cascade Mountains near Roseburg. As a young man, Cline moved to central Oregon and claimed homestead land along the Deschutes River. They later became a well-known dentist, property developer, and race horse breeder. Today, a waterfall on the Deschutes River, a nearby mountain group, and a state park bear their name.
Early life
Cline was born on August 28, 1850 in Porter County, Indiana. Their parents were John Michael Cline and Nancy (Trim) Cline. In 1853, their family left Indiana for the Oregon Territory, settling near the town of Roseburg.
In 1871, Cline moved to central Oregon, but later returned to the Willamette Valley. Cline married Nellie Aldrich in 1877. This first marriage ended sometime before 1885. Cline married their second wife, Emily Marchbanks, on November 20, 1885, in Salem, Oregon. At the time of their marriage, they were 35 years old and they were 17. Together, Cline and their second wife had three children, two daughters and a son.
Central Oregon pioneer
In 1886, Cline moved back to central Oregon. They filed a homestead claim on land along the west bank of the Deschutes River, adjacent to a waterfall that now bears their name. In 1891, Cline opened a dental office in Prineville, Oregon. They specialized in crown and bridge work as well as performing tooth extractions. They later moved their dental practice to Redmond. Cline practiced dentistry in central Oregon for over 40 years.
In addition to their dental practice, Cline was active in the land development business. In 1892, they founded the Falls Irrigation Company to help develop the area along the Deschutes River. Over the years, they also acquired and sold large tracts of land in central Oregon.
Cline was also a successful and well-known race horse breeder. Their best known horse was Barnato. It was born in 1894. It won nine out of nine local races early in their racing career, becoming very well known throughout Oregon. As a three-year-old, Barnatocopy edit' set a course record at a major race in Oakland, California. In 1900, Barnato won first prize at the eastern Oregon thoroughbred show and then won second place in the thoroughbred exhibition at the Oregon State Fair in Salem. That same year, Barnato also won the premier horse race at the state fair.
Town of Cline Falls
In the early years of the twentieth century, the community of Cline Falls was established on property owned by Cline. The town was located on the west bank of the Deschutes River overlooking a large waterfall. The waterfall and the town were both named after Cline. In 1904, the Cline Falls post office was opened. At its height, the town had two stores, two hotels, a livery stable, a school, a meat market, and a newspaper. The town site also had several homes (including one belonging to Cline) as well as 500 residential lots available for sale. In addition, the town had a power plant that generated electricity by diverting water above the falls to flow through turbines at the bottom of the falls.
The town began to decline in 1911 after the area's first railroad chose a route on the east side of the river running through the neighboring town of Redmond. The Cline Falls post office was closed in 1919. By the 1960s, there was nothing left of the Cline Falls community except the abandoned power plant. The power plant building was finally demolished in 2015 and the plant's dam and diversion canal were removed in 2017.
Later life and legacy
In 1924, Cline was selected for a two-year term as a Deschutes County precinct elections board clerk serving the city of Redmond. In 1926, Cline was re-appointed to the Redmond elections board, this time as board chairperson.
Cline died at their daughter's home in Prineville on July 19, 1926. They were buried at Redmond Memorial Cemetery in Redmond. Their wife, Emily, died in Redmond in 1942.
While the town of Cline Falls has disappeared, Cline's name is still attached to two important geographic features west of Redmond. Cline Falls is a waterfall on the Deschutes River and nearby is a mountain group known as Cline Buttes. There is also a state park along the east bank of the Deschutes River just south of the falls called Cline Falls State Scenic Viewpoint. The park is located on property once owned by Cline. Today, the park is administered by the Oregon Parks and Recreation Department.
References
External links
Information on the town of Cline Falls
1850 births
1926 deaths
American city founders
People from Porter County, Indiana
People from Prineville, Oregon
People from Redmond, Oregon
American dentists
Horse breeders
Kristupas Šleiva is a Lithuanian Greco-Roman wrestler.  They are a bronze medalist at both the World Wrestling Championships and the European Wrestling Championships.
Career
In 2019, they competed in the 67 kg event at the European Wrestling Championships held in Bucharest, Romania.
In 2020, they won one of the bronze medals in the 67 kg event at the European Wrestling Championships held in Rome, Italy.
Major results
References
External links
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Lithuanian male sport wrestlers
European Wrestling Championships medalists
World Wrestling Championships medalists
21st-century Lithuanian people
Shai Reshef () is an Israeli businessperson and academic administrator.  They are the founder and president of University of the People.
Biography
Reshef earned an M.A. in Chinese Politics from the University of Michigan.
From 1989 to 2005, Reshef served as Chief Executive Officer and then Chairman of the Kidum Group, a for-profit educational services and test preparation company. In January 2009, Reshef founded the University of the People. They serve as the institution's president.
Reshef is married to painter Rotem Reshef and has four children.
References
External links
Living people
Israeli company founders
University of Michigan alumni
University of the People faculty
Heads of universities and colleges in the United States
Founders of universities
Israeli academic administrators
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century Israeli businesspeople
Disjointed is an American television sitcom created by David Javerbaum and Chuck Lorre and starring Kathy Bates. Twenty episodes of the series were ordered from Warner Bros. by Netflix, with the first 10 episodes premiering on August 25, 2017. The last 10 episodes were released on January 12, 2018. On February 14, 2018, Netflix canceled the series. It is noteworthy as their first original multi-cam sitcom.
Plot
After decades of advocating for legalized cannabis usage, Ruth Whitefeather Feldman (Kathy Bates) employs their newly graduated son and a team of young budtenders to help run their Los Angeles cannabis dispensary. Along the way, Ruth and the team run into "highs" and lows. Delving into marijuana history, activism, 420 (cannabis culture), misconceptions about stoners, and the personal lives of the whole team, the show touches on serious issues such as post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), and highlights the medicinal benefits of the marijuana plant.
Cast
Main
Kathy Bates as Ruth Whitefeather Feldman
Aaron Moten as Travis Feldman, Ruth's son
Elizabeth Alderfer as Olivia, a budtender and love interest of Travis
Tone Bell as Carter, the security guard who has PTSD from three tours in Iraq
Elizabeth Ho as Jenny, a budtender
Dougie Baldwin as Pete, the in-store grower
Betsy Sodaro as Deborah "Dabby" Shapiro, a frequent customer of Ruth's Alternative Caring and Dank's girlfriend
Chris Redd as Steve "Dank" Dankerson, a frequent customer of Ruth's Alternative Caring and Dabby's boyfriend
Recurring
Nicole Sullivan as Maria Sherman, one of the dispensary's customers.
Michael Trucco as Tae Kwon Doug, a neighbor who owns a Tae Kwon Do studio.
Cass Buggé as Sabine Dortmunder, a CNNN reporter.
Peter Riegert as Walter, a dispensary customer and love interest of Ruth.
Ken Marino as Angelo DeStevens, a cannabis entrepreneur based on Steve DeAngelo.
Lateefah Holder as Cheryl, a dispensary customer and developer of "Pot Coin"
Missi Pyle as Mary Jane
Elizabeth Sung as Lianmin
Harry Groener as Judge Nelson
Jessica Tuck as Ms. Carol Harris
Guest
Richard Kind as Special Agent Barry Schwartz
Cheech Marin & Tommy Chong as Themselves
Alicia Witt as Rosie Bush
Brian Baumgartner as Krinkles
Rondi Reed as Nana
Leonardo Nam as Jesus Bruce Lee Christ
Episodes
Production
In December 2016, Jessica Lu's role was recast with Elizabeth Ho taking on the role.
Reception
On Metacritic, the series has a weighted average score of 43 out of 100, based on reviews from 22 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews".
References
External links
Disjointed on Netflix
2010s American sitcoms
2017 American television series debuts
2018 American television series endings
American television series about cannabis
American television series with live action and animation
English-language television shows
English-language Netflix original programming
Television series by Warner Bros. Television Studios
Television series created by Chuck Lorre
Television shows set in Los Angeles
Chernyshevsky (; ) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Mirninsky District of the Sakha Republic, Russia, located from Mirny, the administrative center of the district, on the southern edge of the Central Siberian Plateau on the Vilyuy River, a tributary of the Lena. As of the 2010 Census, its population was 5,025.
History
It was founded in 1959 with the construction of the dam and hydroelectric plant on the Vilyuy River and granted urban-type settlement status in 1961. It was named after Nikolay Chernyshevsky, who was exiled in Siberia from 1864 until 1883, including from 1871 in nearby Vilyuysk.
After the hydroelectric project was completed in 1976, a large number of inhabitants moved away, with the population falling by almost a third between 1970 and 1979 but remaining fairly stable in the following years.
Administrative and municipal status
Within the framework of administrative divisions, the urban-type settlement of Chernyshevsky is incorporated within Mirninsky District as the Settlement of Chernyshevsky. As a municipal division, the Settlement of Chernyshevsky is incorporated within Mirninsky Municipal District as Chernyshevsky Urban Settlement.
Economy and infrastructure
Chernyshevsky is the site of the Vilyuy Dam, the first major hydroelectric project in the world to be built on permafrost, and with the coldest operating conditions of any hydroelectric plant in the world. The dam and the associated hydroelectric plant (Vilyuyskaya GES) are the main employers. The plant has a capacity of 680 MW and supplies power for the diamond mining activities in the nearby Udachny and Mirny.
There is also some fish farming in the reservoir behind the Vilyuy Dam, as well as some timber production and a geological research organization.
Transportation
Chernyshevsky lies on the road leading from Lensk on the Lena River to Mirny and Udachny. This is currently being upgraded as the future Anabar Highway, which will connect up to the Anabar River and the Arctic Ocean.
Climate
Chernyshevsky has a harsh subarctic climate (Dfc).
References
Notes
Sources
Official website of the Sakha Republic. Registry of the Administrative-Territorial Divisions of the Sakha Republic. Mirninsky District.
External links
Unofficial website of Chernyshevsky
Urban-type settlements in the Sakha Republic
San Demetrio London is a 1943 British World War II docudrama based on the true story of the 1940 salvage of the tanker MV San Demetrio by some of their own crew, who reboarded them after they had been set on fire by the German heavy cruiser Admiral Scheer and then abandoned, during the Battle of the Atlantic. The film was produced by Michael Balcon for Ealing Studios and directed by Charles Frend.
Plot
The film is a reconstruction of the story of the salvage of the British tanker, MV San Demetrio. Carrying a cargo of oil home from Galveston, Texas, they were abandoned by their crew having been set on fire by shells from the German cruiser Admiral Scheer. Of the three lifeboats which escaped the damaged tanker, two were picked up by other ships. After drifting for three days, the occupants of the third, who included the chief engineer and the second officer, reboarded the burning San Demetrio, extinguished the fires, and, having managed to restart the engines, returned to Britain, sailing into the Clyde ten days later.
Cast
Arthur Young as Captain George Waite
Walter Fitzgerald as Chief Engineer Charles Pollard
Ralph Michael as 2nd Officer Hawkins
Neville Mapp as 3rd Engineer Willey
Barry Letts as Apprentice John Jones
Michael Allen as Cadet Roy Housden
Frederick Piper as Boatswain W.E. Fletcher
Herbert Cameron as Pumpman Davies
John Owers as Steward
Gordon Jackson as Messboy John Jamieson
Robert Beatty as "Yank" Preston
Charles Victor as Deckhand
James McKechnie as Deckhand
John Coyle as Deckhand
Duncan McIntyre as Deckhand (as Duncan MacIntyre)
Rex Holt as Deckhand
Mervyn Johns as Greaser John Boyle
Lawrence O'Madden as Captain E.S.F. Fegen V.C. – HMS Jervis Bay
James Donald as Gunnery Control Officer – HMS Jervis Bay
James Sadler as Officer of the Watch – HMS Jervis Bay
Peter Miller Street as Midshipman – HMS Jervis Bay
David Horne as Mr. Justice Langton
Nigel Clarke as R.J.E. Dodds – Shipping Manager
James Knight as Captain Smith – SS Gloucester City
Production
Although Charles Frend is given sole credit as director, the film was completed by Robert Hamer after Frend became ill. The San Demetrio'''s chief engineer, Charles Pollard, was employed as a special adviser. Early film star Bessie Love, their acting prospects having declined, worked on this movie doing continuity, first as an assistant and towards the end of production taking over when the original "continuity girl" left to deliver a baby.
Reception
According to trade papers, the film was a success at the British box office in 1944. The Monthly Film Bulletin'' said that "In places the music is a trifle too strident; some of the model shots are less successful than others, but on the whole justice has been done to a great theme.
The model used in the film is on display at the Imperial War Museum in London.
References
External links
1943 films
British black-and-white films
British war drama films
Films directed by Charles Frend
Films produced by Michael Balcon
British films based on actual events
World War II films made in wartime
World War II naval films
British documentary films
1943 documentary films
1940s war drama films
1943 drama films
1940s British films
The enzyme β-Alanyl-CoA ammonia-lyase (EC 4.3.1.6) catalyzes the chemical reaction
β-alanyl-CoA acryloyl-CoA + NH3
This enzyme belongs to the family of lyases, specifically ammonia lyases, which cleave carbon-nitrogen bonds. The systematic name of this enzyme class is β-alanyl-CoA ammonia-lyase (acryloyl-CoA-forming). This enzyme is also called β-alanyl coenzyme A ammonia-lyase. This enzyme participates in β-alanine metabolism and propanoate metabolism.
References
EC 4.3.1
Enzymes of unknown structure
The "Santa Monica Stairs" refer primarily to a pair of outdoor stairways in California descending to the northwest from Adelaide Drive in Santa Monica, to Santa Monica Canyon in Los Angeles.
Canyon stairs
The two well-known stairways descend from Santa Monica to Los Angeles (Santa Monica Canyon). The mis-named "7th Street stairway" has its upper end across from 526 Adelaide Drive, and leads down to Entrada Drive, across the street from Amalfi Drive. It consists of 152 wooden steps and 18 concrete steps in a straight path, about 5.5 feet wide, separated by three horizontal landings. Altogether the 170 steps produce an overall vertical change of about 110 feet.
The "4th-street stairway" begins at the intersection of 4th Street and Adelaide, leading down to Ocean Avenue Extension. It consists solely of concrete flights interconnected by right- and left-hand turns. There are 189 steps producing an overall vertical change of about 115 feet.
On the Pacific Palisades side of Santa Monica Canyon is the so-called "secret Mesa stairway", which is much less used although it has more steps than either of the above. The base is on Mesa Road, next to 404 Mesas and about a 10-minute walk from West Channel Road. 201 concrete steps rise about 100 feet to the intersection of Upper Mesa Road and Amalfi Drive. There is no railing except for the topmost 18 steps, so descending requires caution. (The stairs are sometimes incorrectly called the "La Mesa stairs"--La Mesa Drive is elsewhere in Santa Monica, and there is a La Mesa Stairway in the city of La Mesa in San Diego County.)
Public transit access to the Santa Monica Canyon stairs is available via Metro Los Angeles bus 534 and Santa Monica Big Blue Bus line 9.
Bluffs/beach stairs
Several other lengthy staircases nearby descend from Palisades Park bluffs to overpasses crossing Pacific Coast Highway to the beach:
The northernmost crossing near Montana Avenue has 172 steps with a vertical change from Palisades Park to the pedestrian path on the beach of about 110 feet.
Separate ramps, one from the vicinity of Idaho Ave and the other from the top of the California Incline, converge and share the same bridge crossing to the beach, with a vertical change of 105 feet from Idaho, 100 from California. The California route is bicycle-friendly with no steps at all, while the Idaho route has one circular stairway of 41 steps between long sections of ramp.
One near Arizona Avenue has 115 steps with about 65 feet of vertical change, with the longer inland section made of attractive brick.
One near Broadway has 83 steps with a vertical change of about 50 feet.
Controversy
Some area residents have complained that the stairs have become too popular, and attract too many exercisers to the wealthy neighborhood of multi-million-dollar properties.
See also
Culver City Stairs
Exorcist steps, another long, steep, urban staircase heavily used for exercise.
Stair climbing
Tower running
References
External links
Facebook page for the Santa Monica Stairs
Santa Monica's tourism page mentioning the overpass staircases
Buildings and structures in Santa Monica, California
Stairways in the United States
Malith Kumara (full name Heema Hewage Malith Kumara Silva; born 14 November 1989) is a Sri Lankan cricketer.  They are a right-handed batsman and leg-break bowler who plays for Police Sports Club. They were born in Panadura.
Kumara has made a single first-class appearance for the side during the 2009-10 season, against Moratuwa Sports Club. They did not bat in the match, but bowled four overs, conceding 21 runs.
External links
Malith Kumara at ESPNcricinfo
1989 births
Living people
Sri Lankan cricketers
Sri Lanka Police Sports Club cricketers
The Sullivan reaction is a chemical test used for detecting the presence of cysteine or cystine in proteins. A red colour appears when a protein with cysteine or cystine is heated with sodium 1,2-naphthoquinone-4-sulfonate (Folin's reagent) and sodium dithionite under alkaline conditions. This was pioneered by the American organic and industrial chemist Eugene Cornelius Sullivan (1872–1962).
References
Protein methods
Chemical tests
Bannerman is a name of Scottish origin (see Clan Bannerman) and may refer to
Places
Canada
Bannerman, Edmonton, a neighbourhood in Edmonton, Canada
United States
Bannerman, Wisconsin, an unincorporated community
Bannerman's Castle, an abandoned arms depot on the Hudson River in New York
Other uses
The carrier of a military unit's colours, standards and guidons, or other banners
Bannerman (surname)
Bannerman, a San Francisco-based, technology enabled, security guard company.
Bannerman, a loose translation of hatamoto, a direct vassal of the Tokugawa shogunate in Japan
A man who belonged to the Eight Banners of the Qing Dynasty
An alternative name of Manchu people
The surname of some key characters in the Stephen King novel The Dead Zone and related works
The Banner Man, a 1971 single by Blue Mink, charting at #3 in the United Kingdom
Bannerman, a track on Squint (album), by Steve Taylor
See also
Clan Bannerman
Bannerman baronets
Bannerman Clarke
Pollepel Island (also Bannerman Island), site of Bannerman's Castle
Delta and the Bannermen
Occupational surnames
Su Nombre Es Joaquin (in English: Their name is Joaquin) is a 2011 Chilean soap opera produced and broadcast by TVN.
Plot
Valle Azul (Blue Valley) is northern Chilean town bringing clear skies and is a place that arriving in that madhouse called La Comunidad (The Community) led by Joaquin Arellano (Alvaro Rudolphy), who has three wives Lola, Julia, Carolina and other youths, whom also live with calm, meditations and spiritual preparation for the end of the world. The other side is the Valle Azul Hospital worked by Alonso Montero (Francisco Perez-Bannen), who falls in love with Magdalena Silva and later married to Laura Mardones, but their marriage ended in divorce. The City Hall is led by Raul, who is mayor of Valle Azul, helping the citizens to rebuild the town after the earthquake and the volcanic, which struck in the beginning. The family hotel is the home of Dioniso Silva (Mauricio Pesutic), who abused their lovely daughter, Dolores and turned their family to a disaster.
Cast
Álvaro Rudolphy as Joaquin Arellano, leader of the Youth Community near Valle Azul, killed by Alonso
Luciana Echeverría as Magdalena Silva
Francisco Pérez-Bannen as Alonso Montero, a doctor of the Valle Azul Hospital, fell in love with Magdalena
Paola Volpato as Lola Briceno, Joaquin's first wife
Alejandra Fosalba as Julia Ossa, Joaquin's partner and second wife
Antonia Santa María as Carolina Ortega, Joaquin's third wife, later relationship with Dante
Matías Oviedo as Sebastian Pérez, one of Joaquin's helper, later married with Dolores
María José Illanes as Dolores Silva, Magdalena's older sister
Mauricio Pesutic as Dionisio Silva, Magdalena and Dolores's devilish and abusive father, later committed suicide
Marcela Medel as Milagros Lucero, Dolores's mother, Dante's grandmother and Dionisio's estranged wife
Bastián Bondenhofer as Raul Sanfuentes, The mayor of Valle Azul and Dolores's first husband, later died of unknown causes
Maricarmen Arrigorriaga as Sonia Arce, Eduardo's estranged wife and Laura's mother
Óscar Hernández as Eduardo Mardones, Laura's father and Raul's partner, later fell into their death
Adela Secall as Laura Mardones, Alonso's ex-wife, later ambushed by Dolores
Sebastián Layseca as Tomas Alamparte, one of Joaquin's helper, later died from drug overdose
Juanita Ringeling as Ofelia Sanfuentes, Raul's daughter, fainted and dies
Nicolás Oyarzún as Dante Silva, Dolores's son and Dionisio's grandson / son, killed by Laura
References
External links
2011 telenovelas
2011 Chilean television series debuts
2012 Chilean television series endings
Chilean telenovelas
Spanish-language telenovelas
Televisión Nacional de Chile telenovelas
Alexey Sidorovich Medvedev (; 9 October 1927 – 9 May 2003) was a Soviet heavyweight weightlifter who won European titles in 1956 and 1958 and world titles in 1957 and 1958. On 15 March 1959, they set a world record in the snatch.
Medvedev served as the Soviet flag bearer at the 1956 Summer Olympics. They were prevented from competing by Soviet authorities as they expected the flag bearer to win a gold medal and believed that Medvedev would not be able to do that.
During World War II Medvedev started working at a factory, aged 14. There they occasionally trained in cross-country skiing, athletics and football. They took up weightlifting in 1946, and in 1949, after placing second at the Soviet championships, was included to the national team. Later they became the first Soviet athlete to lift a total of 500 kg. Medvedev retired in 1962 to become the head coach of the Soviet national weightlifting team. They served as vice-president of the European (1969–1975) and International Weightlifting Federation (1969–1980), and in addition acted as a judge. From 1997 until their death they headed the weightlifting department of the Russian State University of Physical Education, Sport, Youth and Tourism, their alma mater.
Medvedev was married to Yelizaveta Medvedeva. They had a son Aleksandr (born 1952), who headed the Khrunichev State Research and Production Space Center.
References
Soviet male weightlifters
Olympic weightlifters of the Soviet Union
Weightlifting coaches
1927 births
2003 deaths
European Weightlifting Championships medalists
World Weightlifting Championships medalists
Rays Ballpark was the name used in project documents for a ballpark in the current location of Al Lang Stadium on the Tampa Bay waterfront in downtown St. Petersburg, Florida, proposed by the Tampa Bay Rays as a replacement for Tropicana Field.
The Rays had hoped to complete the park in time for the 2012 season, but the proposal did not garner enough public support, and the project was abandoned.
Design
The Tampa Bay Rays have been working with Populous (formerly HOK Sport) on a design for a possible future ballpark since at least the beginning of 2007. The main design point of the proposed stadium was the "Mast and Arch" retractable roof. Instead of a solid material sliding roof panel, the "roof" would have been a fabric covering stored inside the shade to the seating. It was to be deployed by a pulley system at the top of the mast in six to eight minutes. It would have looked like a sail raising on a boat in the bay, or a circus tent being torn away by a stiff wind. The retractable-roof design would have been unique in baseball, looking like no ballpark built in this century or last.
The concourses in the proposed ballpark were similar to those at Pittsburgh's PNC Park, whereas they would have been enclosed and air conditioned and fronted with glass on the field side, allowing fans waiting for concessions to view the field. As part of the new stadium, Bayshore Drive, which currently runs along the east side of Al Lang Field, was to be closed during gameday activities, and become part of the ballpark. The ballpark would have faced the opposite direction of Al Lang Field, with centerfield on the north. In this configuration, it would be possible to hit home runs into the waters of Tampa Bay beyond the right field wall, similar to how home runs can be hit into San Francisco Bay at AT&T Park. This configuration would also have placed most of the fans in the shade of the grandstand as the sun sank into the west on summer afternoons, mitigated heat issues in the open-air facility. The open access to Tampa Bay from right field would also have provided a cooling breeze.
The original designs for the stadium called for up to of Tampa Bay to be filled in. By the time the stadium proposal was first made public, the landfill was reduced to . In May 2008, the team revealed a new design calling for moving Bayshore Drive to a bridge structure, reducing the landfill requirement to .
The plan website mentions that the simple act of moving from a dome to an open-air stadium could reduce the team's carbon footprint by up to 70%. However, the ABC group analyzing stadium needs for the Rays have said that any new stadium must have a fully retractable roof.
Proposal
The design of the ballpark, as well as the redevelopment plan for Tropicana Field, was released on November 28, 2007.
On March 11, 2008, the Rays continued to move forward with plans for a downtown stadium by submitting a preliminary design consideration document to St. Petersburg officials. In addition, the organization announced that a detailed transportation and parking study had concluded that the Al Lang site in downtown St. Petersburg is well suited for the Rays' proposed waterfront ballpark.
Nearly 14,000 parking spaces that may be available for the majority of ballpark events were identified, a figure that does not include roughly 7,000 on-street parking spaces. Some of downtown's largest institutions have expressed an interest in working with the Rays to provide parking for ballpark patrons, including All Children's Hospital, Bayfront Medical Center, and the University of South Florida St. Petersburg.
Financing
Rays owner Stuart Sternberg was to contribute as much as $150 million or one third of the cost. The team had also planned to seek Florida's 30-year, $60 million sales tax rebate for new sports venues. They also planned to fund the new park through the sale of redevelopment rights to Tropicana Field and the new property taxes generated from that redevelopment were projected to generate $800 million in new revenue. However, on January 7, 2008, the Rays announced they would be "temporarily abandoning" plans for seeking the subsidy. Using public funds in Florida to build a stadium may have proved to be too difficult; the Florida Marlins failed several times to get the sales tax rebate in their efforts to build the Miami Ballpark, and the state government anticipated heavy shortfalls in fiscal year 2009. Gov. Charlie Crist had announced that they would be interested in doing whatever they could to help the project reach fruition.
Because the land Al Lang Field sits on is city property, city voters would have to approve a new use for the land, a referendum that was expected to be on the November 2008 ballot. Then, to allow the city to forgo paying property taxes on the site (a loophole in Florida laws allows county governments to own stadiums tax-free), a long-term lease would have been signed by the Rays and Pinellas County would then take control of the site, a similar arrangement to that of Tropicana Field.
Rays ownership revealed the financing plan on May 16, 2008. Under this plan, in addition to the $150 million Stuart Sternberg was to provide, at least $70 million would have come from the sale of Tropicana Field. $100 million would have come from an extension of the one cent on the Pinellas County tourist development tax that was approved for Tropicana Field, which was to be extended 25 to 30 years. $75 million was to be redirected from the money the city of St. Petersburg currently pays on the debt owed for construction of Tropicana Field, with those payments extended 25 to 30 years; the debt on Tropicana Field would be assumed by the redevelopers, taking that burden off the city. The remaining $55 million would be from parking fee revenues, and guaranteed by Sternberg. Sternberg would pay any cost overruns.
Work on approval
The first official public hearing on the park was held on February 22, 2008, before the St. Petersburg City Council.
By that time, groups opposing and supporting the new stadium had already formed.
Proposals for the redevelopment of the Tropicana Field site were submitted to the City of St. Petersburg on March 18. Negotiations with Hines Construction and Archstone-Madison were begun for the redevelopment of Tropicana Field on May 1.
On June 13, St. Petersburg Mayor Rick Baker recommended that City Council accept the redevelopment bid made by Archstone-Madison, which offered $65 million for Tropicana Field. Their redevelopment plan involves building 755 condominiums, 1,935 apartment units, at least 600 hotel rooms, . of office space, and . of retail space. If approved by City Council and had the new stadium proposal passed, it would have been built in three phases, and completed in 10–13 years.
The first major hurdle for approval took place on June 5, when the St. Petersburg City Council voted 7–1 in favor of directing the City Attorney to draw up language for an approval referendum for the November 4, 2008, ballot.
Cancellation
City and county leaders criticized the referendum plan as being "rushed." On June 25, 2008, in the face of mounting opposition, the Rays abandoned their attempts to get on the November ballot and postponed the project indefinitely. On May 22, 2009, the team announced that they had abandoned all plans for a ballpark on the St. Petersburg waterfront, preferring a location nearer the center of Pinellas County to the north. Rays senior vice president, Michael Kalt, said, "It's pretty clear people did not want a ballpark down there. From what we're seeing, we're probably in that camp, too."
The team also announced that a "community-based coalition," headed by Progress Energy President Jeff Lyash, will be evaluating alternate sites for the new ballpark in addition to the waterfront, and will be studying the team's fan base and corporate support. There is no publicly released timetable for proceeding with stadium plans.
Derby Lane greyhound racing track and Toytown, a former landfill, were among seven suggested sites for a new Tampa Bay Rays ballpark. According to the St. Petersburg Times, there were environmental hazards at the Toytown landfill.
Among the possibilities was a site in the Carillon area. The Carillon location also had twice as many people within a 30-minute drive than either downtown St. Petersburg site, according to an internal report released by the Rays. Carillon Town Center would have provided potential for shared parking with adjacent development and excellent connectivity to the I-275 interstate corridor. This site also would have had potential for a rapid transit connection.
The Rays Park at Carillon was a proposed 35,000-seat baseball stadium that would have been built in Carillon area, located in northern St. Petersburg, Florida. The stadium was proposed by CityScape in 2012 for the Tampa Bay Rays as a replacement for Tropicana Field. The stadium was also the second major proposal for a Rays stadium since the Rays own waterfront ballpark proposal was abandoned in mid-2008. However the project was abandoned in mid-2015 after Cityscape announced the area would be used for a multi-use development area without the Rays stadium.
Aftermath
St. Petersburg City Attorney John Wolfe has stated that the city, which has a lease agreement with the Rays through 2027, "would only approve a stadium project within the city of St. Petersburg." The "exclusive dealings" clause of the legal agreement forbids the Rays from negotiating to play in any stadium other than Tropicana Field. And any violation would result in "irreparable harm and damages" to the city of St. Petersburg.
St. Petersburg Mayor, Bill Foster, wrote the following to the Tampa Bay Times in August 2011: "At present, there is no plan by the city of St. Petersburg for the design and construction of a new baseball facility in Pinellas County, and no such discussions have occurred with the Rays since my becoming mayor. The city and the Rays are contractually obligated to Tropicana Field through 2027, and absent an addendum to this agreement, there can be no plan for a new facility...
"It should be no secret that the city of St. Petersburg has been preparing for any and all scenarios when dealing with the Rays and Major League Baseball," Foster continued. "With the investment of hundreds of millions of dollars by the people of St. Petersburg and Pinellas, and with 16 years remaining on our contract, one would be naive to believe that the city did not have a detailed plan to ensure that the Rays remain in St. Petersburg, or that the interests of our residents were being represented in earnest without regard to outside pressure from those who desire to subordinate the city's interest to those of the Rays or region."
"They need a new ballpark, there's no question," MLB Commissioner Bud Selig said while speaking to the Associated Press in April 2012. "I talked a lot to Stu Sternberg and he's talking to people. They and I have had many conversations, and we'll just monitor the situation. He's doing what they should do. He's there, he's talking to all parties trying to see what they can do." Selig's successor, Rob Manfred, has echoed similar sentiment about the situation as well.
In October 2014, it was reported that Sternberg, frustrated with efforts to build a new stadium in the Tampa Bay area, had discussions with Wall Street associates about moving the Rays to Montreal, which has been without an MLB franchise since the Montreal Expos moved to Washington, D.C. in 2005 to become the Washington Nationals. In January 2016, the city of St. Petersburg allowed the team to explore options for their new ballpark.
On July 10, 2018, the Rays announced they would vacate Tropicana Field and relocate to the proposed Ybor Stadium in Tampa before the start of the 2023 season. However, in December 2018, the project was cancelled.
See also
Oakland Ballpark, proposed new stadium for the Oakland Athletics
References
External links
Ballpark Reimagined
Major League Downtown Official Website
Ballpark by the Bay the St. Petersburg Times' web page listing articles related to the stadium proposal.
Ballpark Frankness the St. Petersburg Times' blog on the new ballpark and its approval process.
Fans for Waterfront Stadium the main pro-ballpark lobbying group
Preserve Our Wallets and Waterfront the main anti-ballpark lobbying group
Tampa Bay Rays
Unbuilt stadiums in the United States
Diana Cooper may refer to:
Lady Diana Cooper (1892–1986), British actor and socialite
Diana Cooper (artist) (born 1964), American artist
The 2021 UCI Urban Cycling World Championships was the fourth edition of the UCI Urban Cycling World Championships, and was held from 4 to 8 June 2021 in Montpellier, France.
The 2021 championships comprised events in freestyle BMX only. Previous editions had included events in cross-country eliminator and trials.
Medal summary
Freestyle BMX
Flatland
Park
Medal table
See also
2021 UCI BMX World Championships
2021 UCI Mountain Bike World Championships
2017 UCI Urban Cycling World Championships
Cycling at the 2020 Summer Olympics – Women's BMX freestyle
Cycling at the 2020 Summer Olympics – Men's BMX freestyle
References
External links
UCI
Event page on FISE website
Results
UCI Urban Cycling World Championships
UCI Urban Cycling World Championships
UCI Urban Cycling World Championships
International cycle races hosted by France
Sport in Montpellier
UCI Urban Cycling World Championships
St. Catherine's Well or Kate's Well is a historical natural spring well of significant interest and sits on holy ground, at the foot of Kirk O' Shott's Parish Church, otherwise known as (Shottskirk) in the village of Salsburgh, North Lanarkshire. The well dates back to the 14th century, and derives from the church's former past when it was once a Catholic place of worship as St. Catherines Chapel, which has origins from Catherine of Sienna.
The water runs off from nearby hills and has a jovial longstanding joke within the nearby village of how the water runs through the Shottskirk cemetery bodies, which of course is neither true nor founded.
Kate's Well is also the scene of the local legendary giant Bertram de Shotts's demise; a gripping tale is told how a young man, namely Willielmo De Muirhead, 1st Laird of Muirhead, killed the Giant. With cunning patience they ambushed Bertram de Shotts, immobilising them by slicing both their hamstrings as they lay down to drink at Kate's Well. Disorientated, Bertram de Shotts was then decapitated in an unpleasant death. A proud, and now wealthy, De Muirhead then carried the blooded head to the King and was rewarded with a 'Hawk's Flight' of land. This land subsequently became Muirhead's Lauchope estate.
The well itself received a much-needed boost through a grant organized thanks to the local Community Council group in the early 2000s, which allowed its extensive renovation.
References
External links
Salsburgh
Video footage of Kate's Well
Video footage of the tale of Bertram of Shotts
Holy wells in Scotland
Sacred springs
Water wells in Scotland
Line Bus is a 1971 Indian Malayalam film, directed by K. S. Sethumadhavan and produced by C. C. Baby. The film stars Madhu, Jayabharathi, Adoor Bhasi and Prameela in the lead roles. The film had musical score by G. Devarajan.
Cast
Madhu as Gopi
Jayabharathi as Sarasamma
Adoor Bhasi as Govindhan Pilla
Meena as Pankiyamma
Bahadoor as Vareed
Alummoodan as Chakochen bus conductor
Prameela
Dinachandran
Jameela Malik
Khadeeja as Kathreena
K.P. Ummer as Chandrasenan
Soundtrack
The music was composed by G. Devarajan and the lyrics were written by Vayalar Ramavarma.
References
External links
1971 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by K. S. Sethumadhavan
The UFL Championship Game was an American football game held annually to determine the champion of the United Football League. The game was played annually from the UFL's first season in 2009 until the 2011 season, and involved the first and second place teams in the league's single-division standings playing one week after the conclusion of the UFL's regular season at a pre-determined site. The winner of the game was awarded the William Hambrecht Trophy, named for the league's founder and majority owner. The 2012 season of the UFL was cut short when the league ceased operations, and that year's championship game was never played.
Counting the Florida Tuskers and Virginia Destroyers as one franchise, the same two teams played in all three championship games, the Tuskers/Destroyers and the Las Vegas Locomotives.
History
On October 13, 2007, the United Football League announced it would hold its inaugural championship game over Thanksgiving weekend in 2008. The league had originally used the name "United Bowl" for the contest, but was unable to gain rights from United Indoor Football or its successor, the Indoor Football League, to use the name (the IFL continues to use the United Bowl name). In March 2008, the league chose Sam Boyd Stadium in Las Vegas, Nevada to host the 2008 title game on the day after Thanksgiving. When the inaugural season was postponed to 2009, the game was moved to the corresponding date in 2009 and kept in Las Vegas.
The first UFL Championship Game, played on Friday November 27, 2009, involved the Florida Tuskers, who had just finished a perfect 6–0 regular season, against the 2nd place team, the home-standing Las Vegas Locomotives. The Locos, thanks to a 33-yard field goal by Graham Gano in overtime, defeated the Tuskers by a 20–17 score. The game holds a distinction of being the UFL's first ever overtime game.
The second UFL Championship Game was held on Saturday November 27, 2010 at Johnny Rosenblatt Stadium in Omaha, Nebraska. The game site was not determined until after October 18, 2010 (after the 5th week of the regular season), with the UFL taking "advance ticket and merchandise sales, energy for all events prior to the season starting, and team record" into consideration for site selection. (After Omaha was selected, the league moved the game date to the Saturday after Thanksgiving to avoid conflicts with the traditional Black Friday Colorado–Nebraska football rivalry game, that year played in Lincoln.) The game was a rematch of 2009; both the Las Vegas Locomotives and Florida Tuskers finished the regular season with 5–3 records. Las Vegas once again won the title with a three-point margin of victory over Florida, with the final score being 23–20 in favor of Las Vegas.
Prior to the 2010 game, league commissioner Michael Huyghue revealed that the league's season start would move to August beginning in 2011; to accommodate, the 2011 Championship Game was moved up to the weekend of October 21–23. The move was an effort to capitalize on the labor uncertainty surrounding the 2011 NFL season, an effort that proved futile; the league announced in July 2011 that the season would be moved back to a September to November time frame as it was in 2010, with the UFL Championship Game accordingly moved back to the first week of November. However, the UFL suddenly called off the balance of its 2011 season on October 17 and moved up the Championship Game to its original weekend—Friday October 21. The 2011 title game was hosted and won by the Virginia Destroyers, the former Florida Tuskers, who defeated the 2-time defending champion Las Vegas Locomotives, 17–3, thanks to a stifling defense led by game MVP Aaron Rouse, the Destroyers strong safety who recorded 2 interceptions. Virginia's home stadium, Virginia Beach Sportsplex, was host venue by virtue of the Destroyers' popular following in the Tidewater area, including game attendance (both Destroyer home games attracted crowds above 12,000, while the Locos' lone 2011 home game drew just 6,100).
The 2012 game was cancelled outright, due to extensive financial and attendance shortfalls that forced the league to cease operations four weeks into the season. By regular season record, the Las Vegas Locomotives, who had compiled a perfect season up to that point, would be the champions.
Championship Game results
Appearances by team
Broadcasting
Versus broadcast the first two UFL Championship Games (2009 and 2010), with Doug Flutie handling color commentary for both games and paired with play-by-play announcers Dave Sims (2009) and Craig Minervini (2010). With the UFL without a national TV partner in 2011, that season's title was carried on a regional basis only through the Destroyers' TV partner, Comcast SportsNet Mid-Atlantic, with Brent Harris on play-by-play and Jerry Glanville on color commentary.
William Hambrecht Trophy
The winner of the UFL Championship Game is awarded William Hambrecht Trophy, which is named in honor of Bill Hambrecht, a co-founder of the UFL, co-owner of the Las Vegas Locomotives, and current UFL commissioner after Michael Huyghue resigned. The 2009 edition of the trophy was an arcing silver star (resembling the star on the UFL's logo) emerging from an upward arcing base. A new Hambrecht Trophy was unveiled in 2010; it stands 38 inches in height, is topped by a 3D silver-plated UFL football, and features plaques honoring past and future UFL champions.
References
2009 establishments in Nevada
2012 disestablishments in Virginia
Recurring sporting events disestablished in 2012
Recurring sporting events established in 2009
Norway–Qatar relations are the bilateral and diplomatic relations between Norway and Qatar. While neither country has an embassy in the other—Norway has an embassy in Abu Dhabi, whereas Qatar has an embassy in Stockholm—the economic relations are more significant.
The company Norsk Hydro was one of the first Norwegian companies to invest in Qatar, being a co-founder and co-owner of Qatar Fertiliser Company (Qafco) from 1969. The fertilizer division of Norsk Hydro became Yara International in 2004. The remaining division of Norsk Hydro, concerning aluminum production, co-founded Qatalum (together with QatarEnergy) in 2010. Crown Prince Haakon was the highest Norwegian representative present at the opening. Qatar has also received visits among others from the Norwegian Minister of Petroleum and Energy.
Diplomatic relations between the two countries were established in 1973. For the time being, Norway posted an ambassador in Abu Dhabi with a side accreditation to Qatar.
Qatar Airways opened flights to Oslo in 2011.
A major acceleration of relations and awareness of Qatar happened when Qatar was awarded the 2019 World Athletics Championships and the 2022 FIFA World Cup. Human rights in Qatar were sharply criticized, and boycott of the World Cup was widely debated in the sports world.
In the end, the Football Association of Norway chose a non-boycott standpoint, and stated to uphold a multilateral dialogue, mainly with Qatar, FIFA and Amnesty International. On 22 November 2021, the first arrests of Norwegian citizens happened in Qatar. The NRK journalist Halvor Ekeland and photographer Lokman Ghorbani were put in a holding cell, prompting the Government of Norway to lead an "intense dialogue with the authorities of Qatar". The Qatar critic Håvard Melnæs travelled to Qatar a few days after, and was arrested as well, being held for a short time. Norway's Minister of Culture (and sports) stated that the Government of Norway would send no official representatives to the 2022 World Cup; though Norway was not qualified for the tournament either.
See also
Foreign relations of Norway
Foreign relations of Qatar
Qatar–Sweden relations, which are of a similar nature
References
Qatar
Norway
This is the list of cathedrals in Vietnam.
Roman Catholic
Cathedrals of the Roman Catholic Church in Vietnam:
Mary Mother of God Cathedral in Bà Rịa of Bà Rịa diocese
Queen of the Rosary Cathedral in Bắc Ninh of Bắc Ninh diocese
Sacred Heart Cathedral in Buôn Ma Thuột of Buôn Ma Thuột diocese
Queen of the Rosary Cathedral in Nam Định of Bùi Chu diocese
Sacred Heart Cathedral in Cần Thơ of Cần Thơ diocese
St Nicholas of Bari Cathedral in Da Lat of Đà Lạt diocese
Sacred Heart Cathedral in Da Nang of Đà Nẵng diocese
St. Joseph's Cathedral in Hanoi of Hà Nội archdiocese
Queen of the Rosary Cathedral in Hải Phòng of Hải Phòng diocese
Immaculate Heart of Mary Cathedral in Huế of Huế archdiocese
St. Therese of the Child Jesus Cathedral in Sơn Tây of Hưng Hoá diocese
Immaculate Conception Cathedral in Kon Tum of Kon Tum diocese
St Joseph's Cathedral in Lạng Sơn of Lạng Sơn & Cao Bằng diocese
Queen of Peace Cathedral in Long Xuyên of Long Xuyên diocese
Immaculate Conception Cathedral in Mỹ Tho of Mỹ Tho diocese
Christ the King Cathedral in Nha Trang of Nha Trang diocese
Sacred Heart Cathedral in Phan Thiết of Phan Thiết diocese
Queen of the Rosary Cathedral in Ninh Bình of Phát Diệm diocese
Sacred Heart Cathedral in Thủ Dầu Một of Phú Cường diocese
Assumption Cathedral in Quy Nhơn of Quy Nhơn diocese
Sacred Heart Cathedral in Thái Bình of Thái Bình diocese
Immaculate Conception Cathedral in Thanh Hoá of Thanh Hoá diocese
Immaculate Conception Cathedral Basilica in Ho Chi Minh City of Saigon archdiocese
Assumption Cathedral in Nghệ An of Vinh diocese
St Anne's Cathedral in Vĩnh Long of Vĩnh Long diocese
Christ the King Cathedral in Long Khánh of Xuân Lộc diocese
See also
List of cathedrals
Christianity in Vietnam
References
Churches in Vietnam
Vietnam
Cathedrals
Cathedrals
Lake Marian is an alpine lake at the southern end of the Darran Mountains in the Fiordland National Park in the South Island of New Zealand. The lake is located just above the treeline in a hanging valley leading northwest from the Hollyford Valley near The Divide pass. The valley is sheltered by steep snow-covered peaks of over on all sides apart from the entrance.
The lake is fed and drained by Marian Creek which in turn feeds into the Hollyford River / Whakatipu Kā Tuka. Marian Creek's catchment upstream of Lake Marian includes several permanent snowfields in a cirque at the head of the valley northeast of the peak of Mount Crosscut. There the creek drains two smaller alpine lakes, Lake Mariana and Lake Marianette, followed by the tall Lyttle Falls, before it reaches Lake Marian.
A 3-hour return tramping track leads to the lake from a car park along the Hollyford Road, only 1 kilometre in from the Milford Road (SH94). The track starts by crossing the Hollyford River on a swing bridge before leading upstream alongside Marian Creek as it cascades over a series of small waterfalls. After this, the track becomes rougher and can be muddy in places, with the climb up to Lake Marian strenuous as it ascends almost in height.
A good view of Lake Marian as it sits in the hanging valley between the peaks of Mt Christina, Mount Crosscut, and Mt Gunn can also be glimpsed from Key Summit on the opposite side of the Hollyford Valley on a short side track from the Routeburn Track.
References
Lakes of Fiordland
Ian Donald Jones (born 17 April 1967) is a former New Zealand rugby union player. They played 79 tests for the All Blacks.  They are the 2nd-most capped lock, and formed one of the most famous lock pairings in international rugby, often partnered with Robin Brooke in the All Blacks from 1992 to 1998. What Jones lacked in size they more than made up for in skill, Jones was picked over physically intimidating locks such as Mark Cooksley who was the tallest All Black ever. Jones made their All Black debut Saturday, 16 June 1990 v Scotland at Dunedin. At the time they were 23 years, 60 days old.
Jones had an impressive start with a try on debut. Coincidentally six years later Jones played their 50th test, again at Carisbrook and again with Scotland the opponent. They scored at virtually the same exact spot in the stadium as they did six years before. Throughout their impressive career Jones was renowned for their ability in line-outs.
In the Super 12 Jones made 38 appearances, often as captain, for the Chiefs between 1996 and 1999. They once scored three tries in a match, against the Waratahs in 1996. In 1998 they were handed a lengthy suspension after a stomping incident involving the Hurricanes' Jason O'Halloran.
Jones started their career with Northland in 1988 as a string bean 20-year-old lock who was tipped for big things back then. They picked up the nickname "Kamo" after their home town just north of Whangarei in New Zealand's Northland region.
In total Jones played 105 matches for the All Blacks including 79 tests. Jones was named captain for one match. Jones scored a total of 14 tries in All Blacks matches with nine of those in test matches.
Retirement
Jones now works as a television rugby commentator for Sky Sports and presented their now defunct programme 'RugbyCentre'.
In the 2010 New Year Honours, Jones was appointed a Member of the New Zealand Order of Merit for services to rugby.
References
External links
Wasps profile
Celebrity Speakers Ian Jones page
1967 births
New Zealand international rugby union players
Chiefs (rugby union) players
Gloucester Rugby players
Living people
Wasps RFC players
Members of the New Zealand Order of Merit
New Zealand rugby union players
North Harbour rugby union players
Northland rugby union players
Rugby union players from Whangārei
Rugby union locks
New Zealand expatriate rugby union players
Expatriate rugby union players in England
New Zealand expatriate sportspeople in England
Barbarian F.C. players
People educated at Kamo High School
The District of Columbia was created in 1801 as the federal district of the United States, with territory previously held by the states of Maryland and Virginia ceded to the federal government of the United States for the purpose of creating its federal district, which would encompass the new national capital of the United States, the City of Washington. The district came into existence, with its own judges and marshals, through the District of Columbia Organic Act of 1801; previously it was the Territory of Columbia. According to specific language in the U.S. Constitution, it was 100 square miles (259 km2).
The district encompassed three small cities: Alexandria, formerly in Virginia, Georgetown, formerly Maryland, and the deliberately planned central core, the City of Washington. Both the White House and the United States Capitol were already completed and in use by 1800 as called for by the 1791 L'Enfant Plan for the City of Washington, although the city was not formally chartered until 1802. Beyond those cities, the remainder of the district was farmland organized by the 1801 Act into two counties, Washington County, D.C., on the Maryland side, and Alexandria County, D.C., on the Virginia side, encompassing today's Arlington County, Virginia, and the independent city of Alexandria.
The district was governed directly by the U.S. Congress from the beginning. Alexandria City and County were ceded back from the federal government to the commonwealth of Virginia in 1846, in a process known as retrocession, anticipating the 1850 ban on slave trading (but not slavery) in the district.
Washington and Georgetown retained their separate charters for seventy years, until the District of Columbia Organic Act of 1871. That act cancelled the charters of the towns and brought the entire area within the district borders under one district government, ending any distinction between "the District of Columbia" and "Washington", making the two terms effectively synonymous.
Choice of location
Congress determined, in the Residence Act of 1790, that the nation's capital be on the Potomac, between the Anacostia River and today's Williamsport, Maryland, and in a federal district up to 10 miles square. The exact location was to be determined by President George Washington, familiar with the area from their nearby home and properties at Mt. Vernon, Virginia.
Its trans-state location reflected a compromise between the Southern and Northern states. Virginia lobbied for the selection, an idea opposed by New York and Pennsylvania, both of which had previously housed the nation's capital. Maryland, whose State House was older than that of Virginia, and like Virginia a slave state, was chosen as a compromise. At Washington's request the City of Alexandria was included in the district, though with the provision that no federal buildings could be built there. The new capital district was at about the center of the country.
About 2/3 of the original district was in Maryland and 1/3 in Virginia, and the wide Potomac in the middle. The future district was surveyed in 1791–92; 24 of its surviving stone markers are in Maryland, 12 in Virginia. (See Boundary Markers of the original District of Columbia.) Washington decided that the capital's location would be located between the mouth of the Anacostia River and Georgetown, which sits at the Potomac's head of navigation.
Political representation
Governing bodies
As specified by Article One of the United States Constitution, in fact as one of the enumerated powers of section 8, Congress assumed direct administrative control of the federal district upon its creation by the District of Columbia Organic Act of 1801. There was no district governor or executive body. The U.S. House created a permanent Committee on the District of Columbia in January 1808, and the U.S. Senate established its counterpart in December 1816. These committees remained active until 1946. Thus the U.S. Congress managed the detailed day-to-day governmental needs of the district through acts of Congress—an act authorizing the purchase of fire engines and construction of a firehouse, for instance, or an act to commission three new city streets and closing two others in Georgetown.
The five component parts of the district operated their own governments at the lower level. The three cities within the district (Georgetown, the City of Washington, and Alexandria) operated their own municipal governments, each with a continuous history of mayors. Robert Brent, the first mayor of the City of Washington, was appointed directly by Thomas Jefferson in 1802 after the city's organization that year.
The remaining rural territory within the district belonged either to Alexandria County D.C., (district land west of the Potomac outside the City of Alexandria, formerly in Virginia) or to Washington County, D.C., (the unincorporated east side, formerly in Maryland, plus islands and riverbed). Both counties operated with boards of commissioners for county-level government functions. Both counties were governed by levy courts made of presidentially appointed Justices of the Peace. Prior to 1812, the levy courts had a number of members defined by the president, but after that Washington County had 7 members. In 1848, the Washington County levy court was expanded to 11 members, and in 1863 that was reduced by two to nine members.
Disenfranchisement
The language of the establishing act of 1801 omitted any provision for district residents to vote for local, state-equivalent, or federal representatives.
This omission was not related to any constitutional restriction or, apparently, any rationale at all. Legal scholars in 2004 called the omission of voting rights a simple "historical accident", pointing out that the preceding Residence Act of July 16, 1790, exercising the same constitutional authority over the same territory around the Potomac, had protected the votes of the district's citizens in federal and state elections. Those citizens had indeed continued to cast ballots, from 1790 through 1800, for their U.S. House representatives and for their Maryland and Virginia state legislators. James Madison had written in the Federalist No. 43 that the citizens of the federal district should "of course" have their will represented, "derived from their own suffrages." The necessary language simply did not appear in the 1801 legislation.
The prospect of disenfranchisement caused immediate concern. One voice from a public meeting in January 1801, before the bill's passage, compared their situation to those who fought against British taxation without representation in the Revolutionary War—20 years prior. Despite these complaints the bill went into effect as written. Given exclusive and absolute political control, Congress did not act to restore any of these rights until the 1960s. The district still has no voting representation in Congress, and the decisions of its long-sought local government established in 1973 are still subject to close congressional review, annulment, and budget control.
Retrocession (1847)
Residents of Alexandria saw no economic advantage from being in the District. No federal buildings could be built on the south side of the Potomac, nor did they have representation in Congress. Some resistance was expressed immediately. One leading figure in the fight to retrocede through the 1820s was Thomson Francis Mason, who was elected mayor of Alexandria, D.C., four times between 1827 and 1830. Also Alexandria was a center of the profitable slave trade – the largest slave-trading company in the country, Franklin and Armfield, was located there – and Alexandria residents were afraid that if the District banned the slave trade, as seemed likely, this industry would leave the city.
To prevent this, Arlington held a referendum, through which voters petitioned Congress and the state of Virginia to return the portion of the District of Columbia south of the Potomac River (Alexandria County) to Virginia. On July 9, 1846, Congress retroceded Alexandria County to Virginia, after which the district's slave traders relocated to Alexandria. The district's slave trade was outlawed in the Compromise of 1850. The penalty for bringing a slave into the district for sale, was freedom for the slave. Southern senators and members of congress resisted banning slavery altogether in the District, to avoid setting a precedent. The practice remained legal in the district until after secession, with the District of Columbia Compensated Emancipation Act signed by Lincoln on April 16, 1862, which established the annual observance of Emancipation Day.
Organic Act of 1871
The District of Columbia Organic Act of 1871 created a single new district corporation governing the entire federal territory, called the District of Columbia, thus dissolving the three major political subdivisions of the district (Port of Georgetown, the City of Washington, and Washington County) and their governments. By this time the county also contained other small settlements and nascent suburbs of Washington outside its bounded limits, such as Anacostia, which had been incorporated in 1854 as Uniontown; Fort Totten, dating at least to the Civil War; and Barry Farm, a large tract bought by the Freedmen's Bureau and granted to formerly enslaved and free-born African Americans in 1867.
The newly restructured district government provided for a governor appointed by the president for a 4-year term, with an 11-member council also appointed by the president, a locally elected 22-member assembly, and a five-man Board of Public Works charged with modernizing the city. The first vice-chair of that Board of Public Works was real-estate developer Alexander Robey Shepherd, the architect and proponent of the consolidating legislation. From September 1873 to June 1874, Shepherd would serve as the second, and final, governor of the District.
The Seal of the District of Columbia features the date 1871, recognizing the year the district's government was incorporated.
References
History of slavery in Virginia
History of the District of Columbia
19th century in the United States
History of Virginia
Slavery in the United States
1801 establishments in the United States
Major-General Walter Tuckfield Goldsworthy (8 May 1837 – 13 October 1911) was a British Army officer and a Conservative Party politician.
Goldsworthy was born in Marylebone, London. They travelled to India with their father, setting up a merchant business in Calcutta in 1854 and, together with their brother Sir Roger Tuckfield Goldsworthy (1839–1900), they joined the volunteer cavalry known as Havelock's Irregulars. During the Indian Mutiny of 1857, they won medals and was mentioned in dispatches. They were later commissioned into the 8th Hussars. In 1859 they were promoted lieutenant without purchase. In 1864, as a captain, they exchanged into the 91st Foot. In 1866 they were promoted brevet major and in 1868 they became a full major on half-pay. In 1874, still on half-pay, they were promoted brevet lieutenant-colonel and in 1880 brevet colonel. In 1882 they became lieutenant-colonel in the Essex Regiment. They were later promoted major general.
Goldsworthy was elected Member of Parliament for Hammersmith in the 1885 general election and held the seat until the 1900 general election.
In March 1886 Goldsworthy presented a petition to Parliament asking to extend the voting franchise to women.
 They are credited with a donation of £105 to the Chelsea and Westminster Hospital in 1892.
In 1890, the Yaldham Manor, Kent was advertised in The Times and sold to Goldsworthy. They bred hunters and built the stables and carriage shed. Arthur Nye Peckham, who visited Yaldham in 1911 noted the general had "re-opened the great hall, which had been cut into four rooms".
References
External links
1837 births
1911 deaths
People from Marylebone
British Army major generals
Companions of the Order of the Bath
8th King's Royal Irish Hussars officers
Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders officers
Essex Regiment officers
Conservative Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
UK MPs 1885–1886
UK MPs 1886–1892
UK MPs 1892–1895
UK MPs 1895–1900
Euchrysops sahelianus, the western brown-edged Cupid, is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Senegal (Basse Casamance), Burkina Faso, Mali, Sierra Leone, Ghana and northern Nigeria. The habitat consists of Sudan savanna and Guinea savanna with short grass. It is mainly found in rocky areas with short grass.
References
Butterflies described in 2001
Euchrysops
Mount Rhamnus () is a mountain in Antarctica. It is 865 meters tall and lies 2 nautical miles (3.7 km) northeast of Mount Nemesis on the north side of Neny Fjord, Graham Land. Seen from the west, it appears as a mainly snow-covered pyramid. First surveyed in 1936 by the British Graham Land Expedition (BGLE) under Rymill. Resurveyed in 1947 by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS) who named the mountain for its association with Mount Nemesis. According to the mythological story, the Greek goddess Nemesis had a celebrated sanctuary at Rhamnus in Attica.
References
Mountains of Graham Land
Fallières Coast
Longford is a village and civil parish in Derbyshire, England. The population of the civil parish as of the 2011 census was 349. It is from Ashbourne and west of Derby.
History
In 1872 the parish of Longford was described as having just over 1150 people and 220 dwellings. This parish took in the settlements of Alkmonton, Rodsley, Hollington and the "liberty" of Hungry Bentley. The first three were owned by the Coke family whilst the "liberty" of Hungry Bentley was in the possession of Lord Vernon.
Amenities
The village is centred on Main Street (which becomes Longford Lane shortly thereafter) and has relatively few amenities. These consist mainly of Longford C of E Primary School (on Main Street) and The Ostrich Inn (on Long Lane), which is around from the nominal village centre. There is a small campsite and playing field adjacent to, and under the control of, The Ostrich Inn.
In early 2012, The Ostrich (as it is known locally) was taken over by new management and has since proceeded to provide a regular set of varied events, from motorcycle conventions, spiritualist evenings, car boot sales and live music.
Notable residents
George Coke was born here in 1646. They were the Bishop of Bristol and of Hereford.
Rev. Thomas Anson a first class cricketer was rector from 1850 to 1899.
See also
Listed buildings in Longford, Derbyshire
References
External links
Villages in Derbyshire
Towns and villages of the Peak District
Derbyshire Dales
Football Club Lubumbashi Sport are a football club from the DR Congo. They currently play in the DR Congo top domestic league Linafoot. Their home games are held in the Stade Frederic Kibassa Maliba in Lubumbashi.
Performance in CAF competitions
African Cup Winners' Cup: 1 appearances
1981 – First Round
References
External links
Club profile - Soccerway.com
Club logo
Football clubs in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Football clubs in Lubumbashi
Association football clubs established in 1929
1929 establishments in the Belgian Congo
The 1954–55 Danish Ice Hockey Championship season was the first season of ice hockey in Denmark. Three teams participated in the final tournament, and Rungsted IK won the championship.
Jütland Regional Tournament
The Jütland Regional Tournament was contested on February 19 and 20, 1955 in Silkeborg.
Semifinal
Silkeborg SF - Horsens SF 2:1 OT
Final
Silkeborg SF - Esbjerg SK 6:2
Final tournament
References
Michael Søvsø: Fra pionerånd til verdensklasse - Danmarks Ishockey Union i 60 år (2009)
External links
Season on eliteprospects.com
Danish
1954–55 in Danish ice hockey
Brats of the Lost Nebula is a science fiction television series for kids. It combines puppetry and computer animation. The series follows five orphaned children from different war-torn planets. As they search for their surviving family members, they must also band together to fight an evil invading force known as "The Shock".
The series was created by Dan Clark, who was also an executive producer along with Brian Henson and Margaret Loesch. The puppet characters mixed both traditional hand puppetry and animatronics. These puppets were built by Jim Henson's Creature Shop. The computer graphics were created by C.O.R.E. Digital Effects.
In the United States, the series aired on The WB (during the Kids' WB block) in October 1998. It was removed from the channel after airing its third episode. The remaining episodes were shown on Canada's YTV channel.
The Brats
The Brats, sometimes referred to as orphans, each have a different set of skills in addition to their otherworldly uniqueness. After the escape of Zadam and Triply from the Shock attack on their home world, the five kids meet on a living planetoid to start their rebellion against The Shock and find their lost parents.
Zadam (voiced by Kirby Morrow) – The 14-year-old leader of the Brats and Triply's older brother.  They are from the planet Shirud.
Triply (voiced by Annick Obonsawin) – Zadam's 10-year-old little sister.  They are also from Shirud.
Duncan (voiced by Glenn Cross) – A heavy, musclebound male with tinkering skills.  They are from the planet Yarlon.
Ryle (voiced by Evan Sabba) – A horned, blue-skinned male who is fiercely competitive.  They are from the planet Tranoid.
Lavana (voiced by Deborah Odell) – A winged elf with mystic abilities.  They are from the planet Loza.
They are aided in their quest by a long-eared animal named Splook, who has a missile-laden suit of armor, and by SMARTS, the smartest computer in the universe. The Brats themselves ride into battle on modified space cruisers.
Episodes
What Mom Said
Total Bratification
Brain Dead
A Lozian Necessity
Heart Hunters
Punk Chip
The Runaways
Mutant Freak
Blite For a Day
The Acceptors
Faith
Mom & Dad
Papa's Got a Brand New Bag
Cast
Puppeteers
Bill Barretta –
Matt Ficner – Mallosha, Zadam
John E. Kennedy –
Trish Leeper –
Sue Morrison –
Ian Petrella –
James Rankin –
Gordon Robertson –
Fred Stinson –
Jeff Sweeney –
Jean-Guy White –
Mak Wilson –
Voices
Glenn Cross – Duncan
Kirby Morrow – Zadam
Annick Obonsawin – Triply
Deborah Odell – Lavana
Evan Sabba – Ryle
James Rankin – High Commander Vigar
Rob Smith – Blight
Broadcast
In the United States, the series premiered on the Kids' WB block on October 10, 1998. It was removed from the schedule after airing its third episode on October 24. At the time, a publicist from the WB network said, "We're trying to figure out what works best in our lineup and when. The show has not been cancelled. It should eventually return, we just don't know when and where." In Canada, all thirteen episodes aired on YTV from November 1998 onward.
In April 2020, hundreds of hours of Jim Henson Company productions were released on Roku, including Brats of the Lost Nebula.
Unproduced follow-ups
In early 1999, a Playback article reported that "another thirteen [episodes] are on the way," but these new episodes were never produced. In September 2002, Kidscreen mentioned that the Dan Clark Company was "currently working on a Brats of the Lost Nebula direct-to-video title with Henson."
References
External links
Brats of the Lost Nebula: Series Creator Dan Clark on YouTube
Brats of the Lost Nebula at Muppet Wiki
Kids' WB original shows
The WB original programming
1998 American television series debuts
1999 American television series endings
1990s American children's television series
American children's action television series
American children's adventure television series
American children's science fiction television series
American television series with live action and animation
American television shows featuring puppetry
English-language television shows
Space adventure television series
Television series about orphans
Television series by DHX Media
Television series by The Jim Henson Company
The Convention of the Left (CL) is an annual conference of British left, socialist, progressive and green parties and organisations, first held in Manchester in September 2008. The format of the conference was that it 'shadowed' the Labour Party's 2008 Annual Conference, also being held in the city. A 'recall' event was held in the city in January 2009.
Aims and values
The 'Statement of Intent' for the Convention was that it aimed to "explicitly challenge Labour's programme of warmongering, neoliberal privatisation and failure to tackle environmental destruction." The statement was signed by:
Tony Benn
Alice Mahon
Ken Loach
John McDonnell MP (Labour Representation Committee)
Robert Griffiths (General Secretary, Communist Party of Britain)
John Haylett (Editor, Morning Star)
Liz Davies
Derek Wall (former Principal Male Speaker, Green Party of England and Wales)
George Galloway (Respect politician)
Salma Yaqoob
Prof. Gregor Gall (Labour movement academic)
Chris Bambery (former editor, Socialist Worker)
Lindsey German (Counterfire)
Membership
While the CL had managed to attract the support of both Respect Renewal and the Socialist Workers' Party (at that point engaged in a protracted dispute over the demerger of the Respect – The Unity Coalition), the Communist Party of Great Britain (PCC) dismissed the event as a "talking shop" (it supporting the Campaign for a Marxist Party against "broad fronts" and for deeper discussion on differences on the Left), however the CPGB (PCC) and its autonomous student group Communist Students signed up as supporters of the convention. The Socialist Party did not sponsor the event as it has its own Campaign for a New Workers' Party and invited the organisers to join their campaign.
The full list of supporting party organisations is as follows:
Alliance for Green Socialism
Alliance for Workers' Liberty
A World to Win
Campaign for a New Workers' Party
Communist Students
Communist Party of Britain
Communist Party of Great Britain
European Left Party Network
Green Left
Labour Representation Committee
Left Alternative
Permanent Revolution
Respect – The Unity Coalition
Scottish Socialist Party
Socialist Alliance
Socialist Resistance
Socialist Workers' Party
Solidarity
Workers Power
It was also supported by Morning Star, Red Pepper, Labour Briefing and Socialist Worker.
References
External links
Official site
Official blog
commentisfree Guardian article
Socialism in the United Kingdom
Hockey Club Bagtyyarlyk (, , ), also known as Burgut, is a Turkmenian professional ice hockey team based in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan. Is the command of the State sport Committee of Turkmenistan. It was founded in 2007.
History
The team was founded in 2007 and was named "Burgut" (Eagle). The head coach of the team was Turkmen Suleiman Durdyyev. They team played at the Ice Palace in Ashgabat. Several players from the team also played for the Turkmenistan national team. In 2012, the team won USD$20,000 at the first President of Turkmenistan Cup tournament. From April 20 to May 5, 2012 by order of the President of Turkmenistan, the team went to Kazan to attend the Ak Bars Kazan youth hockey school.
Since 2013 the team has been known as "Bagtyýarlyk". They play in the Turkmenistan Hockey Championship.
References
2007 establishments in Turkmenistan
Ice hockey clubs established in 2007
Ice hockey teams in Turkmenistan
Sport in Turkmenistan
Maravil Thirivu Sookshikkuka is a 1972 Indian Malayalam-language crime thriller film, directed by J. Sasikumar and produced by R. S. Rajan. The film stars Prem Nazir, Vijayasree, Adoor Bhasi and Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair. The film had musical score by G. Devarajan.
Plot
Jayadevan is a scriptwriter who goes to a hill station to write their new script. In that place there is a mysterious deviation which kills drivers. Jayadevan unfolds the mystery behind it.
Cast
Prem Nazir as Jayadevan
Vijayasree as Indumathi
Adoor Bhasi as Kaduva Kurian
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair as K. B. Menon
Ushakumari as Maalu
Sreelatha Namboothiri as Chinnamma
T. S. Muthaiah as Watchman Muniyandi
Baby Indira as Baijumon
Baby Shylaja
Bahadoor as Puncture Anthony
Meena as Allu Maria
N. Govindankutty as Thampi
Pala Thankam as Jayadevan's mother
Paravoor Bharathan as Wan Lan/Esthappan
Thodupuzha Radhakrishnan as Film Producer
Vanchiyoor Radha as Valsamma
Vincent as Murukan
Santo Krishnan as Gopalan
Soundtrack
The music was composed by G. Devarajan and the lyrics were written by Vayalar Ramavarma.
References
External links
1972 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
1970s crime thriller films
Films directed by J. Sasikumar
Thomas Steven English (born 18 October 1961) is an English former professional footballer, most notably for Coventry City, Leicester City and Colchester United. Between 1979 and 1990 they made 174 appearances in the Football League, scoring 42 league goals.
Biography
English was born in Cirencester, Gloucestershire and attended school in Colchester, Essex. They began their career as an apprentice at Coventry City. After making 66 league appearances for Coventry, scoring seventeen times, they signed for Leicester City in 1982. After being released in 1984, they made a handful of appearances for Rochdale and Plymouth Argyle as a non-contract player, before signing for Colchester United in 1985. After playing a single game for Colchester they signed for Australian club Canberra City where they were the club's joint top scorer in their only season before returning to Colchester in November.
They left Colchester in 1987 and played for non-League clubs Wealdstone and Bishop's Stortford, before returning to Colchester for a third time in 1989. In 1990, they signed for Hong Kong club Happy Valley, before returning to England to play for Crawley Town, Wivenhoe Town, Sudbury Town and Harwich & Parkeston before retiring in 1999.
Their son, Tom, played for the youth teams at Norwich City and Arsenal, and professionally in Singapore for one season.
References
External links
Tommy English at Colchester United Archive Database
1961 births
Living people
People from Cirencester
English footballers
Coventry City F.C. players
Leicester City F.C. players
Rochdale A.F.C. players
Plymouth Argyle F.C. players
Colchester United F.C. players
Canberra City FC players
National Soccer League (Australia) players
Expatriate soccer players in Australia
Wealdstone F.C. players
Bishop's Stortford F.C. players
Happy Valley AA players
English expatriate sportspeople in Australia
English expatriate sportspeople in Hong Kong
Crawley Town F.C. players
Wivenhoe Town F.C. players
Cornard United F.C. players
Sudbury Town F.C. players
Harwich & Parkeston F.C. players
Expatriate footballers in Hong Kong
Footballers from Gloucestershire
Association football forwards
The Boishakhi Mela () is a Bengali celebration (mela) which takes place outside of Bangladesh. It is celebrated by the Bangladeshi diaspora in the United Kingdom, United States, Canada as well as many other countries with significant Bangladeshi populations.
In London, it takes place across the area of Banglatown in Tower Hamlets. The festival runs through Brick Lane to Weavers Fields and Allen Gardens in Bethnal Green. The event is a celebration of the Bengali New Year, with musical and cultural events held. It is the largest open-air Asian festival in Europe and the largest Bengali festival outside of Bangladesh. After the Notting Hill Carnival, it is the second-largest street festival in the United Kingdom attracting over 80,000 visitors from across the country. Although the Bengali New Year falls on 14/15 April (Pohela Boishakh in the Bengali calendar), the festival is held in the second weekend of May on a Sunday to avoid the period of higher risk of rain during the month of April. Having started in 1997, the 10th anniversary of the mela was celebrated in 2007.
History
The Boishakhi Mela was launched in Banglatown located in London's Tower Hamlets borough - the most populated Bangladeshi area outside of Bangladesh. It is a celebration of the Bengali New Year and has been celebrated by the British Bangladeshi community since 1997. The original event based in Bengal is called Pohela Boishakh. The festival was created for the purpose of the Bangladeshi diaspora living in the UK. It was organised by the local people, and is now managed by the Boishakhi Mela Trust Ltd, a non-profit organisation.
The Boishakhi Mela is a unique festival, which has been created by a generation of Bangladeshi people who want to celebrate the Bengali New Year. It inspires the Bangladeshi diaspora to be more creative during the arrival of the event, through the production and the presentation skills of excellent and innovative ideas through participation in the Boishakhi Mela, including the stage planning, music and dancing. Other than creating the event for the purposes of celebrations for the community, it also aims to gain recognition of fellow Bengalis in the West, by providing Bengali culture, and by encouraging them to participate in the event as well as recognising the Bangladeshi presence in the area. Also providing the people the skills and opportunities for the young aspirations as well as professional artists to perform their music or dances.
Previously Bangla TV was the main broadcaster of the Boishakhi Mela event, however since 2005, Channel S has acquired the rights to broadcast the event due to its commitment to the community (the slogan is working for the community), achieving popular support from the main sponsors within the community.
Procession in London
The event starts first during the morning from 12am at Allen Gardens, through Brick Lane and ends in Weavers Fields. This is known as the Grand Parade, where there are women and children dressed in colourful traditional clothes and masks. There will also be musicians or drummers, including dancers and also the leaders from the community. During the 2008 Mela, a great emperor was leading the parade symbolising the traditional landlord (zamindar) of the Indian subcontinent, along with a tiger, an elephant on wheels, rickshaws, and many others. Brick Lane, which is home to many Bangladeshi-owned Indian restaurants, serves curry along the streets for the visitors, with traditional Bengali cuisine meals, and cooked by prominent chefs from Bangladesh.
After the parade, it will finally progress into the music programme where there will be famous music artists from Bangladesh and the UK, dancers and actors performing on stages. The four stages will host Bengali music, theatre including Sylheti drama, and there will also be dance displays throughout the day. The music performed features a wide range of Bengali music, these include traditional Bengali or folk songs, as well as modern, contemporary music, and rap music in Bengali and Sylheti.
2009: Tower Hamlets council
Since 2009, the management and planning of the mela was undertaken by the Tower Hamlets Council for the long-term, who called the event "a Boishakhi Mela in Banglatown Brick Lane". It was held on 10 May 2009, attracting up to 95,000 people which is a record high of the event. There were more than 250 school children, dancers, musicians and community groups which participated in the event alongside a mechanical Bengali tiger and the Bangla Queen, which is a four-metre tall peacock structure. The mela also included with nearly 200 stalls serving Bengali spices, food and drinks. It featured many popular artists from Bangladesh and the UK, such as Momtaz, Kajol Dewan and Nukul Kumar. Popular among the younger generation was Mumzy Stranger, who was a leading MC and DJ in the East End of London. Other guest singers included Lucy Rahman, Kala Miah and others. The stages were hosted by Adil Ray, Shawkat Hashmi, Kan D Man and many more. The main sponsors of the event were BBC Asian Network and Channel S.
Gallery
See also
Pohela Boishakh
British Bangladeshi
References
Baishakhi
The Baishakhi Mela. BBC. 2005-06-06.
Banglatown spices it up for New Year at the Baishakhi Mela. The Londoner. May 2006.
Baishakhi Mela. Your London. May 2007.
Baishakhi Mela: Bengali New Year. The London Paper. 2007-05-10.
Magic in the rain. Tower Hamlets. 2007-05-21.
External links
Festivals of Bangladeshi culture
Bangladeshi diaspora in the United Kingdom
New Year celebrations
Annual events in London
May observances
Bengali festivals
The Military Medical Academy of the Armed Forces of Uzbekistan () is a specialized educational institution in the Armed Forces of Uzbekistan, under the Education System of the Ministry of Defense in Tashkent. It trains officers of medical services and medical officers of the reserve. The cadets who graduated from the bachelor's degree at the academy are initially awarded the military rank of "lieutenant of medical service" and are issued a diploma in the specialty "military doctor".
History
It was established on 22 October 2020 by order of President Shavkat Mirziyoyev. It was formed from the former Military Medical Faculty of the Tashkent Medical Academy. In accordance with the Resolution of the Cabinet of Ministers of the Republic of Uzbekistan on June 10, 2012, the Military Medical Faculty was established. It was located on the campus of academy, in an adapted two-story building (a former residential cottage), having its own territory, drill ground, warehouse, garage.
Tasks
The main tasks of the academy are:
Training, and retraining personnel in the field of military medicine for the ministries and departments that are part of the Armed Forces of Uzbekistan.
Training scientific-pedagogical personnel, as well as reserve officers of the medical service.
Conducting research work aimed at solving existing problems in the practice of military medicine.
Conducting scientific research on the development of the educational process in the field of healthcare.
See also
S. M. Kirov Military Medical Academy
Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences
References
Educational institutions established in 2020
Military academies of Uzbekistan
2020 establishments in Uzbekistan
Military medical organizations
Medical schools in Uzbekistan
José Javier del Águila Martínez (born 7 March 1991, in Guatemala City) is a Guatemalan football midfielder. They currently play for Deportivo Coatepeque in Liga Nacional, the Guatemalan Premier Division and for the Guatemala national team.
They represented Guatemala in the 2011 FIFA U-20 World Cup, the 2011 CONCACAF Gold Cup and in CONCACAF World Cup qualifying.
References
External links
Camerino Crema profile
1991 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Guatemala City
Guatemalan footballers
Association football midfielders
Guatemala international footballers
Comunicaciones F.C. players
2011 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
Roberts Inlet () is an ice-filled inlet, the central of three inlets which indent the east side of Berkner Island. It was discovered by U.S. ground and flying personnel at Ellsworth Station during the International Geophysical Year (IGY) (July 1, 1957–December 31, 1958) under Captain Finn Ronne, USNR. Ronne named it after retired Captain Elliott B. Roberts of the United States Coast and Geodetic Survey Corps, formerly chief of the geophysical branch of the United States Coast and Geodetic Survey and chairperson of the U.S. National Committee for the IGY Panel on Geomagnetism.
Inlets of Antarctica
Berkner Island
Near Death Experience is the second album by the experimental black metal band Spektr.
Track listing
The Violent Stink Of Twitching Terror - 08:15
Astral Descent - 04:10
Climax - 03:46
Phantom Reality - 09:35
Visualization - 02:51
Whatever The Case May Be - 06:02
Disturbing Signal - 01:55
Unio Mystica - 03:06
Their Mind Ravaged, Their Memory Shattered - 07:36
Musicians
(aka Krig) - drums, vocals, samples, programming
- guitars, bass, vocals, samples, programming
References
External links
Candlelight Records product site
2006 albums
Spektr (band) albums
The Chilean Journal of Statistics is a biannual peer-reviewed scientific journal of statistics. It is published by the Chilean Statistical Society. The journal was established in 1984 as La Revista de la Sociedad Chilena de Estadística and obtained its current title in 2010.
Abstracting and indexing
The Chilean Journal of Statistics is indexed in MathSciNet, Zentralblatt MATH, and Latindex.
External links
Chilean Statistical Society (Sociedad Chilena de Estadística)
Statistics journals
Publications established in 1984
English-language journals
Biannual journals
Recoil Glacier () is a tributary glacier descending from the Deep Freeze Range, south of Mount Pollock, to the Campbell Glacier, in Victoria Land. Named by the northern party of New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition (NZGSAE), 1962–63, because the geologist was said to have "recoiled in disgust" on finding little of geological interest there and not what they expected.
Glaciers of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
The Social Security Directorate is a directorate of the Scottish Government responsible for social security policy in Scotland. The directorate ensures the smooth and secure transition of benefits that are to be devolved to the Scottish Parliament, amounting to £2.8 billion.
Work of the directorate
As a result of work of the directorate, devolved powers were granted to the Scottish Parliament over social security policy in Scotland. In 2018, Social Security Scotland was formed.
Composition
Cabinet secretaries
Shona Robison, MSP Cabinet Secretary for Social Justice, Housing and Local Government
Ben Macpherson MSP, Minister for Social Security and Local Government]]
Management of the directorate
Paul Johnston, Director-General Communities
Stephen Kerr, Director of Social Security
See also
Social Security Scotland
Scottish Government
Directorates of the Scottish Government
References
Directorates of the Scottish Government
A collectable or collectible (American English) is any object regarded as being of value or interest to a collector.
Collectables or collectibles may also refer to:
Collectables Records, a record label
Collectables by Ashanti, a 2005 Ashanti album
Collectibles Vol 1, a compilation album by Willie P. Bennett
See also
List of collectibles
The Under-Secretary of State for Air was a junior ministerial post in the United Kingdom Government, supporting the Secretary of State for Air in their role of managing the Royal Air Force. It was established on 10 January 1919, replacing the previous short-lived posts of Parliamentary Secretary to the Air Board and Parliamentary Secretary to the Air Council.
Parliamentary Secretary to the Air Board, 1916–1917
Parliamentary Secretary to the Air Council, 1917–1919
Under-Secretary of State for Air, 1919–1964
Minister of State for the Air Force, 1964–1967
Under-Secretary of State for the Air Force, 1964–1981
Sources
D. Butler and G. Butler, Twentieth Century British Political Facts 1900–2000
Air, Under-Secretary of State for
Defunct ministerial offices in the United Kingdom
Royal Air Force
Dipankar Basu was an Indian career banker who served as the fifteenth Chairman of the State Bank of India.
Life
They were born on 10 August 1935.
They were born and raised in the Indian city of Kolkata.
They died on 15 February 2018 in Kolkata.
Education
They held a master's degree in Economics from Delhi University.
Career
Early career
They joined the State Bank of India as a probationary officer in 1956 and served in a number of roles until finally becoming the Chairman of State Bank of India in 1993.
Banking career
They served as the fifteenth Chairman of State Bank of India from 25 February 1993 until 31 August 1995.
They were largely responsible for the bank's entry into the investment banking and mutual fund businesses and was instrumental in setting up SBI Capital Markets Ltd. and SBI Mutual Fund.
After their retirement in 1995, they were succeeded by P. G. Kakodkar as the Chairman of the State Bank of India.
Later career
After having retired from the State Bank of India in 1995, they were appointed as the non-executive chairperson of the Sun Foreign & Colonial Asset Management, which is currently a subsidiary of the Principal Financial Group.
They were nominated by the Securities and Exchange Board of India to serve as a director of the Calcutta Stock Exchange.
References
External links
Official Biography
Official Website
SBI chairpeople
SBI history
Indian bankers
State Bank of India
Chairmen of the State Bank of India
Indian corporate directors
People from Kolkata
1935 births
2018 deaths
The city and county of Denver is the capital and most populous city in the state of Colorado. It is located in the South Platte River Valley on the western edge of the High Plains just east of the Rocky Mountains. It is part of the wider Denver metropolitan area which has other populated cities including Aurora, Boulder Lakewood, Westminster, and Castle Rock.
Denver is also home to many professional sports teams who are based out of Denver and surrounding cities in the metro area. It is also one of the twelve American cities to house a team from each of the U.S. cities with teams from four major league sports. All four of its teams play their home games near downtown with three active sports venues which includes Empower Field at Mile High, home of the Denver Broncos; the Ball Arena, home of the Colorado Avalanche and Denver Nuggets; and Coors Field, home of the Colorado Rockies. There is also a Major League Soccer (MLS) team based in the Denver metro area (Colorado Rapids), but they do not play their home games in the city of Denver and is located in nearby Commerce City.
Denver, and the wider metropolitan area, is home to four college sports teams with two schools having NCAA Division I programs and two schools with NCAA Division II programs. The Colorado Buffaloes are located in Boulder which is part of the metro area while the Denver Pioneers, Metro State Roadrunners and Regis Rangers are located in Denver.
Major league professional teams
Denver is the smallest of the 13 U.S. cities with teams from four major sports.
The Denver Broncos of the National Football League (NFL) have drawn crowds of over 70,000 since their AFL origins in the early 1960s at Mile High Stadium and continue to draw fans today to their current home Empower Field at Mile High. The Broncos have sold out every home game (except for strike-replacement games) since 1970. The Broncos last championship was in 2016, defeating the Carolina Panthers in Super Bowl 50. In total, the Broncos have advanced to the Super Bowl eight times and won back-to-back titles in 1998 and 1999, and again in 2015.
In the 1980s and 90s, one of the top priorities of former Mayor Federico Peña was bringing Major League Baseball to the city. In 1993, the MLB awarded an expansion team to Denver and they were named the Colorado Rockies. Mile High Stadium was home to the Rockies from 1993 to 1995 while Coors Field was under construction. They appeared in their first World Series in 2007 after winning their first NL pennant, their only one to this day, where they were swept by the Boston Red Sox of the American League in four games.
The Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association (NBA) play at the Ball Arena. The team was founded as the Denver Larks in 1967 as a charter franchise of the American Basketball Association (ABA) but changed its name to the Denver Rockets before their first season. They changed their name to the Denver Nuggets in 1974. The team joined the NBA in 1976 after the ABA-NBA merger. They have not made an appearance in an NBA Finals since joining the NBA.
Denver is also home to the Colorado Avalanche, a National Hockey League (NHL) team that relocated from Quebec City in 1995. They have won three Stanley Cups in 1996, 2001 and in 2022 while playing in Denver, and they also play at Ball Arena. The Avalanche played the Detroit Red Wings in the first ever outdoor professional hockey game in Denver on Saturday, February 27, 2016 at Coors Field and again against the Los Angeles Kings at the Air Force Academy on Saturday, February 15, 2020.
The Colorado Rapids of Major League Soccer (MLS) play at Dick's Sporting Goods Park, a soccer-specific stadium in the Denver suburb of Commerce City. The Rapids were one of the ten founding teams of Major League Soccer that began play in 1996, and initially played at what was then known as Invesco Field at Mile High before moving into their current home in 2007. The Rapids won the MLS Cup in 2010. The Rapids' main rival is Real Salt Lake, and the two teams play every year for the Rocky Mountain Cup. Dick's Sporting Goods Park has also hosted several international soccer matches, including U.S. national team qualifying matches for the 2010 and 2014 World Cups.
Other professional teams
Denver and the wider metro area is also home to other professional sports teams.
College sports teams
Colorado Buffaloes: The CU Buffaloes are a member of the Pac-12 Conference and are located in Boulder.
Denver Pioneers: The DU Pioneers, located in the city of Denver, play in NCAA Division I and are a member of The Summit League. In sports not sponsored by that conference, it is a member of several other conferences; most notably, the men's ice hockey team plays in the National Collegiate Hockey Conference, the women's gymnastics team in the Big 12 Conference, and the men's and women's lacrosse teams in the Big East Conference.
Metro State Roadrunners: The Metro State Roadrunners play in NCAA Division II and are a member of the Rocky Mountain Athletic Conference and are located in Denver.
Regis Rangers: The Regis Rangers play in NCAA Division II and are a member of the Rocky Mountain Athletic Conference and are located in Denver.
Former teams
Denver Bears (Western League) former Western League team (1885-1954); replaced by the new Denver Bears
Denver Zephyrs originally, the Denver Bears, who played in the American Association (1955-1962, 1969-1992) and the Pacific Coast League (1963-1968) moved to New Orleans in 1992. Now play as the Wichita Wind Surge
Denver Nuggets former National Basketball League & National Basketball Association team (1948–1950); folded as the Evansville Agogans
Denver Spurs former World Hockey Association team (1975–76); folded as the Ottawa Civics
Colorado Rockies former National Hockey League team (1976–1982); now play as the New Jersey Devils
Denver Avalanche former Major Indoor Soccer League team (1980–1982); ceased operations
Colorado Flames former Central Professional Hockey League team (1982–1984); league ceased operations
Denver Gold former United States Football League team (1983–1985); ceased operations
Denver Dynamite former Arena Football League team (1987, 1989–1991); ceased operations
Denver Rangers former International Hockey League team (1988-1989); folded as the Phoenix Roadrunners
Denver Grizzlies former International Hockey League team (1994–1995); relocated to Utah after one season. Now play in the American Hockey League as the Cleveland Monsters
Colorado Crush former Arena Football League team (2003–2008); the AFL suspended operations indefinitely
Denver Cutthroats former Central Hockey League team (2012–2014); league ceased operations
Denver Stampede former PRO Rugby team (2016–2017); league ceased operations after one season
Colorado Raptors former Major League Rugby team (2018-2020); withdrew from the league after three seasons of play
Denver Dynamite (soccer) former PASL-Pro (2008-2010) & PASL-Premier (2011-2015) team; ceased operations
Furniture Row Racing, former NASCAR team that fielded the #78 Chevrolet SS for Martin Truex Jr., was owned and sponsored by the U.S. furniture store chain Furniture Row as the only NASCAR team headquartered in Colorado until 2018.
Denver Outlaws, former Major League Lacrosse team (2006–2020), ceased operations after the MLL–PLL merger
Event hosting
Local events
Denver hosted a yearly auto race on the Champ Car World Series circuit, the Grand Prix of Denver, before that series' demise in 2008.
The Colorado Colfax Marathon is run through the city annually.
"Big Four" events
The 1998 and 2021 Major League Baseball All-Star Game at Coors Field.
The 2001 NHL All-Star Game and FanFest at Pepsi Center.
The ABA All-Star Game in 1976, the 1984 NBA All-Star Game at McNichols Arena, and the 2005 NBA All-Star game at Pepsi Center.
International events
Initially awarded the 1976 Winter Olympics. However, due to rising costs and worries about environmental impact, voters rejected a public-funding ballot measure. Without the bond, Denver could not support the games, and the IOC retracted the award.
The city strongly considered a bid for the 2022 Winter Olympics. In December 2011 a Denver 2022 exploratory committee was launched. Reno-Tahoe was also interested in bidding for 2022.
The Churchill Cup, a now-defunct annual international competition in rugby union featuring the USA and Canada senior national teams, the England Saxons (that country's second-level national team), and three invited teams, was hosted by Denver in 2009, with matches held at the rugby-specific Infinity Park in Glendale and Dick's Sporting Goods Park. Denver was suggested as a permanent home for the competition. The 2010 tournament featured preliminary rounds in Denver. Also, Denver was reportedly in the running to host a Bledisloe Cup match between the Australia and New Zealand national teams, possibly in 2010, though that did not materialize.
Other events
Denver co-hosted the 1962 International Ice Hockey Federation World Championships (together with Colorado Springs).
Denver also hosted the 1990 NCAA Final Four at McNichols Arena.
The Ultimate Fighting Championship, which eventually become the world's leading mixed martial arts organization, held its first two events in Denver—UFC 1 on November 12, 1993 and UFC 2 on March 11, 1994.
The 2008 NCAA Frozen Four Tournament was hosted in Denver.
Denver was the host for Sportaccord 2009, the largest international sports convention in the world.
Infinity Park became the new host of the USA Women's Sevens, the country's stop in the World Rugby Women's Sevens Series for national rugby sevens teams, in 2018.
Detailed information by team
Current teams
College teams
Former teams
See also
Sports in Colorado
Notes
References
The Yorkshire Electric Power Company was founded in 1901 to provide a supply of electricity to commercial and industrial users throughout the West Riding of Yorkshire, England. It built and operated power stations and constructed overhead electric power lines across an area of 1,800 square miles (4662 km2). The company's power stations were at Thornhill, Barugh, Ferrybridge and Mexborough. The company promoted and stimulated demand for electric power and it was financially profitable for its shareholders. The Yorkshire Electric Power Company was dissolved in 1948 when the British electricity supply industry was nationalised. Its power stations were vested in the British Electricity Authority and its electricity distribution and sales functions were taken over by the Yorkshire Electricity Board.
History
In the late 1890s a group of large and influential manufacturing firms in West Yorkshire wished to promote an electric power company to provide a cheap and abundant supply of electricity. Sixty-three shareholders formed the Yorkshire Electric Power Syndicate Limited. In association with the promoters of the South Yorkshire Electric Power Bill they sought to obtain a Local Act of Parliament to give them the necessary legal powers. In 1901 Parliament passed the Yorkshire Electric Power Act 1901 (1 Edw. 7 c. cxvi). The Yorkshire Electric Power Company was incorporated on 26 July 1901 under the provisions of the Act. Its function was to construct electricity generating stations and power lines to provide a supply of electricity throughout (initially) an area of 1,800 square miles (4662 km2) in the West Riding of Yorkshire. Its initial capital was £2,000,000 comprising 200,000 shares of £10.
As a power company it could only provide electricity for lighting where a supply for power was also provided. To allow it to supply electricity for any purpose, including lighting alone, the company established a subsidiary organisation: Electrical Distribution of Yorkshire Limited in 1905.
Further legal powers were obtained in 1910, 1914, 1918, 1922 and 1927.
Management
The inaugural Board of Directors included several industrialists associated with the iron and steel, electrical, and transport industries in Yorkshire. The Board comprised:
Arthur Greenhow Lupton (Chairman)
Robert Armitage
Arthur Currer Briggs
Hardman Arthur Earle (Managing Director)
Henry Cawood Embleton
William Paul James Fawcus
Robert Hudson
Sir Richard Mottram
Thomas Octavius Callender
Edgar Alfred Carolan
The Company Secretary was James Milnes and the Company's registered office was at 4 South Parade Leeds.
Power stations
The 1901 Act proscribed four power stations to be built by the company, these were at Mirfield, Methley, Wath and Bingley. Three of the sites were adjacent to coal mines which would provided fuel for the stations. All four stations would have access to a plentiful supply of water for condensing steam and providing cooling. The centre of the company's area of supply was at Mirfield where the first power station was to be built. The power stations built by the Yorkshire Electric Power Company would outlast the company itself and continue to be used after nationalisation in 1948.
Under the terms of the Electricity (Supply) Act 1926 (16 & 17 Geo. 5 c. 51) the Central Electricity Board (CEB) was established in 1926. The CEB identified high efficiency ‘selected' power stations that would supply electricity most effectively; Thornhill and Barugh were designated as selected stations.
Thornhill power station
Instead of Mirfield a site at Thornhill 2 miles (3 km) to the east was chosen. Thornhill power station was commissioned as a 4.5 MW station in 1902. It was extended in 1915, 1925 and 1932–37 when it had a capacity of 75 MW. The station was further extended by the British Electricity Authority in 1950–54 and operated until 1982. The site is now (2020) occupied by a gas turbine power plant.
Ferrybridge power station
Ferrybridge power station, later known as Ferrybridge A, was constructed in 1926–27. It was closed in 1976. Following nationalisation Ferrybridge B (1957–92) and Ferrybridge C (1966–2016) were subsequently constructed. The site is now (2020) occupied by Ferrybridge Multifuel power station.
Mexborough power station.
The Company had planned to build Mexborough power station from 1939 but this was delayed by the war and construction started in 1943. It was commissioned in 1945 and had a capacity of 120 MW. It closed in 1981.
Barugh power station
Barugh power station near Barnsley (53°34'24"N 1°31'09"W) was commissioned in 1913. It was fuelled by gas from the coke ovens of Old Silkstone colliery. This was used to raise steam at a rate of 150,000 lb/h (18.9 kg/s) which was used to drive two 2.0 MW and two 5.0 MW steam turbines coupled to generators giving a total output of 14 MW AC.
Condensing water was circulated through cooling ponds adjacent to the station. Operating data for the station just prior to nationalisation is given in the table.
The steam set was shutdown in 1958.
Following nationalisation Diesel engines were installed by the British Electricity Authority in December 1954. There were two 2.0 MW Mirlees, Bickerton and Day engines, the alternators operated at 11 kV. Operating data for the station is shown in the table.
Barugh power station was decommissioned in 1963.
The electricity substation at Barugh is still (2020) operational and has connections for 132 kV and 66 kV lines.
Electricity distribution
In 1927 Yorkshire Electric Power Company awarded a contract to Transmission Lines and Cables Construction Company of Keighley to build the Ferrybridge-Beal-Snaith 33 kV overhead line. The masts and towers were a combination of 'H' girder steel masts, lattice steel masts, lattice steel angle masts and lattice steel angle towers. They were designed and supplied by W. T. Henley (Henley Overhead Transmission).
The Central Electricity Board (CEB) constructed the national grid (1927–33) to connect power stations within a region, there is a 132 kV substation at Thornhill, and one at Barugh.
The construction of the national grid in the mid-east England area was completed in 1932. The system comprised 16 power stations (including new stations at Kirkstall and Ferrybridge) interconnected by 322 miles (518 km) of 132 kV transmission lines. A secondary system was established in South Lincolnshire and Rutland to provide electricity to rural areas, this used 202 miles (325 km) of 33 kV lines.
In 1932 the Yorkshire Electric Power Company registered the North Lincolnshire and Howdenshire Electricity Company as a subsidiary to supply electricity in an area adjacent to its existing supply area.
In 1933 the company was responsible for 2,100 miles (3380 km) of mains, 775 substations and 214 pole transformers.
Operations
Although the company's remit was to supply electricity over a wide area of West Yorkshire, its presence was not welcome by some municipalities. Some were unenthusiastic about providing a supply to the power company and councillors objected to using ratepayer's money to supply electricity outside their municipal boundaries. Others objected to power companies supplying outside a local authority area which might prevent future expansion beyond current municipal boundaries. In Yorkshire, Leeds and other large municipalities opposed initiatives by the Yorkshire Electric Power Company to supply districts outside their boundaries.
The company actively promoted the use of electricity by domestic, commercial and industrial consumers.
The Electricity Commissioners were established in 1919 to define electricity districts and promote the establishment of Joint Electricity Authorities (JEA). The Yorkshire Electric Power Company saw the establishment of a Yorkshire JEA as an attempt to usurp the function of bulk supply for which it had been established. Several Yorkshire municipalities also opposed the JEA proposal and it was not developed any further.
In 1923 Thornhill and Barugh power stations were both operational and supplying the company's electricity requirements. The quantities of electric power sold and the associated income is shown on the table.
Power companies became the management and financial centres for the development of the commercial sector. By 1932 the Yorkshire Electric Power Company held 51 distribution franchises over a much wider area than originally established. This included parts of Derbyshire and Lincolnshire. By 1935 its supply area was 2,481 square miles (6426 km2). There were 1,411 miles (2271 km) of mains providing electricity supplies to local authorities, electrical undertakers, textile mills, collieries, steel works, docks and other power users.
In 1945 the company's four power stations sold a combined quantity of 860 GWh, this increased to 1,095 GWh (1946) and 1,176 GWh (1947).
Operational data for the four power stations of the Yorkshire Electric Power Company in 1946 are given in the table.
The four power stations continued to operate following nationalisation, when they were owned and operated by the British Electricity Authority.
Financial
The profits of the company from 1912 to 1947 are shown in the table.
Nationalisation
The British electricity supply industry was nationalised in 1948, as part of the post-war Labour government's plans to bring the UK's industrial infrastructure within state control. Nationalisation was enacted under the provisions of the Electricity Act 1947 (10 & 11 Geo. 6 c. 54). The Yorkshire Electric Power Company was abolished on 31 March 1948. Ownership of Thornhill, Barugh, Ferrybridge and Mexborough power stations was vested in the British Electricity Authority, and subsequently the Central Electricity Authority (1954–57) and the Central Electricity Generating Board (from 1958). At the same time the electricity distribution and sales responsibilities of the Yorkshire Electric Power Company were transferred to the Yorkshire Electricity Board (YEB).
See also
Thornhill power station
Ferrybridge power station
Mexborough power station
London Power Company
National grid
References
Defunct electric power companies of the United Kingdom
Electric power companies of England
Electric power infrastructure in England
Energy companies disestablished in 1948
Economic Thought is a biannual peer-reviewed open access academic journal. It was established in 2012 and is published by the World Economics Association.
An innovative feature of the journal is its Open Peer Discussion forum. Submitted papers that meet an acceptable standard of quality are first posted on the forum before a decision is taken on publication.
The journal is abstracted/indexed in Scopus, Research Papers in Economics, Directory of Open Access Journals, PhilPapers, and EconLit.
References
External links
Listing at College Publications
Economics journals
Publications established in 2012
English-language journals
Bimonthly journals
Open access journals
The Tripoli Fair Tournament () was a regular men's football sporting event at the Tripoli International Fair since the 1962 edition. It has been held eight times; annually between 1962 and 1967, in 1974, and in 1978.
Results
References
External links
RSSSF (1965 edition)
RSSSF (1966 edition)
RSSSF (1967 edition)
Defunct football competitions in Libya
Tripoli International Fair
Tripoli International Fair
Bucklow was an electoral ward of Trafford covering the town of Partington and the village of Carrington.
The ward was abolished in 2004, and most of its area incorporated into the new Bucklow-St. Martins Ward.
Its electoral history since 1973 is as follows:
References
External links
Trafford Council
Wards of Trafford
1974 establishments in England
Former wards of the United Kingdom
Edward Ludwig Glaeser (born May 1, 1967) is an American economist and Fred and Eleanor Glimp Professor of Economics at Harvard University.  They are also Director for the Cities Research Programme at the International Growth Centre.
They were educated at The Collegiate School in New York City before obtaining their A.B. in economics from Princeton University and their Ph.D. in economics from the University of Chicago. Glaeser joined the faculty of Harvard in 1992, where they are currently (as of January 2018) the Fred and Eleanor Glimp Professor at the Department of Economics. They previously served as the Director of the Taubman Center for State and Local Government and the Director of the Rappaport Institute for Greater Boston (both at Harvard Kennedy School).  They are a senior fellow at the Manhattan Institute, and a contributing editor of City Journal. They were also an editor of the Quarterly Journal of Economics. Glaeser and John A. List were mentioned as reasons why the AEA committee began to award the Clark Medal annually in 2009.
According to a review in The New York Times, their book titled Triumph of the City: How Our Greatest Invention Makes Us Richer, Smarter, Greener, Healthier, and Happier (2011) summarizes Glaeser's years of research into the role that cities play in fostering human achievement and "is at once polymathic and vibrant".
Edward Glaeser chairs the Advisory Council of Policy Exchange's Liveable London Unit.
Family background and influence
Glaeser was born in Manhattan, New York to Ludwig Glaeser (1930-September 27, 2006) and Elizabeth Glaeser. Their father was born in Berlin in 1930, lived in Berlin during World War II and moved to West Berlin in the 1950s. Ludwig Glaeser received a degree in architecture from the Darmstadt University of Technology and a Ph.D. in art history from the Free University of Berlin before joining the staff at the Museum of Modern Art in New York City in 1963. They would go on to be curator of the Department of Architecture and Design in 1969.
Glaeser said, about their father, "His passion for cities and buildings nurtured my own". Glaeser described how their father supported new construction and change if it met aesthetic standards. According to Glaeser, their father also "disliked dreary postwar apartment buildings and detested ugly suburban communities", but Glaeser, themselves found much to admire in sprawl in so far as it facilitates "the ability of people to live as they choose". Yet Glaeser's work also argues against local anti-density zoning laws and federal government policies that encourage sprawl, such as the mortgage tax deduction and federal highway programs.
Glaeser's career was also reportedly influenced by their mother, Elizabeth Glaeser, who worked at Mobil Corporation as head of Capital Markets for 20 years before joining Deloitte & Touche as Director of the Corporate Risk Practice. They earned an M.B.A. degree when Edward was ten years old and occasionally brought them to their classes. They remember them teaching them micro-economics lessons, such as marginal cost price theory.
Glaeser admired many aspects of the work of Jane Jacobs; they both argue that "cities are good for the environment." They disagreed with them on densification through height. They advocate for higher buildings in cities while Jacobs deplored the 1950s and 1960s public housing projects inspired by Le Corbusier. The austere, dehumanizing New York high rises eventually became the "projects" straying far from their original intent. They believed in preserving West Greenwich Village's smaller historical buildings for personal, economic and aesthetic reasons. Glaeser grew up in a high rise and believes that higher buildings provide more affordable housing. They call for elimination or lessening of height limitation restrictions, preservationist statutes and other zoning laws.
Writings
Glaeser has published at a rate of almost five articles per year since 1992 in leading peer-reviewed academic economics journals, in addition to many books, other articles, blogs, and op-eds. Glaeser has made substantial contributions to the empirical study of urban economics. In particular, their work examining the historical evolution of economic hubs like Boston and New York City has had major influence on both economics and urban geography. Glaeser also has written on a variety of other topics, ranging from social economics to the economics of religion, from both contemporary and historical perspectives.
Their work has earned the admiration of a number of prominent economists. George Akerlof (2001 Economics Nobel Prize) praised Glaeser as a "genius", and Gary Becker (1992 Economics Nobel Prize) commented that before Glaeser "urban economics was dried up. No one had come up with some new ways to look at cities."
Despite the seeming disparateness of the topics they have examined, most of Glaeser's work can be said to apply economic theory (and especially price theory and game theory) to explain human economic and social behavior. Glaeser develops models using these tools and then evaluates them with real world data, so as to verify their applicability. A number of their papers in applied economics are co-written with their Harvard colleague, Andrei Shleifer.
In 2006, Glaeser began writing a regular column for the New York Sun. They write a monthly column for The Boston Globe. They blog frequently for The New York Times at Economix, and they have written essays for The New Republic.
Although their most recent book, Triumph of the City (2011), celebrates the city, they moved with their wife and children to the suburbs around 2006 because of "home interest deduction, highway infrastructure and local school systems". They explained that this move is further "evidence of how public policy stacks the deck against cities. [B]ecause of all the good that comes out of city life—both personal and municipal—people should take a hard look at the policies that are driving residents into the suburbs.
Contribution to urban economics and political economy
Glaeser has published in leading economic journals on many topics in the field of urban economics.
In early work, they found that over decades, industrial diversity contributes more to economic growth than specialization, which contrasts with work by other urban economists like Vernon Henderson of Brown University.
They have published influential studies on inequality. Their work with David Cutler of Harvard identified harmful effects of segregation on black youth in terms of wages, joblessness, education attainment, and likelihood of teen pregnancy. They found that the effect of segregation was so harmful to blacks that if black youth lived in perfectly integrated metropolitan areas, their success would be no different from white youth on three of four measures and only slightly different on the fourth.
In 2000 Glaeser, Kahn and Rappaport challenged the 1960s urban land use theory that claimed the poor live disproportionately in cities because richer consumers who wanted more land chose to live in the suburbs where available land was less expensive. They found that the reasons for the higher rate of poverty in cities (17% in 1990) compared to suburbs (7.4%) in the United States were the accessibility of public transportation and pro-poor central cities' policies which encouraged more poor people to choose to move to and live in central cities. They reiterated this in an interview in 2011, "The fact that there is urban poverty is not something cities should be ashamed of. Because cities don't make people poor. Cities attract poor people. They attract poor people because they deliver things that people need most of all—economic opportunity."
Glaeser and Harvard economist Alberto Alesina compared public policies to reduce inequality and poverty in the United States with Europe (Alesina and Glaeser 2004). Differing attitudes towards those less fortunate partially explain differences in the redistribution of income from rich to poor. Sixty percent of Europeans and 29% of Americans believe that the poor are trapped in poverty. Only 30% of Americans believe that luck determines income compared with 60% of Europeans. Sixty percent of Americans believe the poor are lazy while only 24% of Europeans believe this to be true. But they conclude that racial diversity in the United States, with the dominant group being white and the poor mainly non-white, led to resistance to reduce inequality in the United States through redistribution. Surprisingly the United States political structures are centuries old and remain much more conservative than their European counterparts as the latter have undergone much political change.
They have also made important contributions in the field of social capital by identifying underlying economic incentives for social association and volunteering. For example, they and colleague Denise DiPasquale found that homeowners are more engaged citizens than renters. In experimental work, they found that students reporting being more trusting also act in more trustworthy ways.
In recent years, Glaeser has argued that human capital explains much of the variation in urban and metropolitan level prosperity." They have extended the argument to the international level, arguing that the high levels of human capital, embodied by European settlers in the New World and elsewhere, explains the development of freer institutions and economic growth in those countries over centuries. In other work, they find that human capital is associated with reductions in corruption and other improvements in government performance.
During the 2000s, Glaeser's empirical research has offered a distinctive explanation for the increase in housing prices in many parts of the United States over the past several decades. Unlike many pundits and commentators, who attribute skyrocketing housing prices to a housing bubble created by Alan Greenspan's monetary policies, Glaeser pointed out that the increase in housing prices was not uniform throughout the country (Glaeser and Gyourko 2002).
Glaeser and Gyourko (2002) argued that while the price of housing was significantly higher than construction costs in Boston, Massachusetts and San Francisco and California, in most of the United States, the price of housing remained "close to the marginal, physical costs of new construction." They argued that dramatic differences in price of housing versus construction costs occurred in places where permits for new buildings had become difficult to obtain (since the 1970s). Compounded with strict zoning laws the supply of new housing in these cities was seriously disrupted. Real estate markets were thus unable to accommodate increases in demand, and housing prices skyrocketed. Glaeser also points to the experience of states such as Arizona and Texas, which experienced tremendous growth in demand for real estate during the same period but, because of looser regulations and the comparative ease of obtaining new building permits, did not witness abnormal increases in housing prices.
Glaeser and Gyourko (2008) observed that in spite of the mortgage meltdown and the ensuing drop in housing prices, Americans continue to face housing affordability challenges. Housing policymakers, however, need to recognize that housing affordability differs from region to region and affects classes differently. Public policies should reflect those differences. The middle class confront affordability issues that could be resolved by allowing for more new home constructions by removing zoning restrictions at the municipal level. Glaeser and Gyourko (2008) recommend direct income transfers for low income families to resolve their specific housing needs rather than government interference in the housing market itself.
Glaeser (2011) claimed that public policy in Houston, Texas, the only city in the United States with no zoning code and therefore, a very elastic housing supply, enabled construction to respond to the demand of a plentiful number of new affordable houses even in 2006. They argued that this kept Houston prices flat while elsewhere they escalated.
Contribution to health economics
In 2003, Glaeser collaborated with David Cutler and Jesse Shapiro on a research paper that attempted to explain why Americans had become more obese. According to the abstract of their paper, "Why Have Americans Become More Obese?", Americans have become more obese over the past 25 years because they "have been consuming more calories. The increase in food consumption is itself the result of technological innovations which made it possible for food to be mass prepared far from the point of consumption, and consumed with lower time costs of preparation and cleaning. Price changes are normally beneficial, but may not be if people have self-control problems."
References
External links
Glaeser's homepage at the Harvard department of economics
1967 births
Living people
American people of German descent
Scientists from New York City
Economists from New York (state)
Princeton University alumni
University of Chicago alumni
Harvard University faculty
Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
Fellows of the Econometric Society
20th-century American economists
21st-century American economists
Manhattan Institute for Policy Research
Fellows of the American Academy of Political and Social Science
Minot Bypass may refer to:
U.S. Route 83 Bypass, a bypass of U.S. Route 83 to the west of Minot, North Dakota
A loop around the city that consists of portions of U.S. Route 83 Bypass, as well as U.S. Route 2 and U.S. Route 52
Roads in North Dakota
Transportation in Ward County, North Dakota
Statistics of Swedish football Division 1 in season 1992.
Spring
Norra
Östra
Västra
Södra
Autumn
Kvalsvenskan
Norra
Östra
Västra
Södra
Footnotes
References
Sweden - List of final tables (Clas Glenning)
1992
2
Sweden
Sweden
Sahagún () is a town and municipality located in the Córdoba Department, northern Colombia.
Climate
References
Gobernacion de Cordoba - Sahagún
Sahagún official website
Municipalities of Córdoba Department
Dr. Alexander Humphreys (1757 – May 23, 1802) was a pioneer Irish-American physician in Staunton, Virginia.
Early life
They were born in County Armagh, Ireland, in 1757, the son of John Humphreys and Margaret Carlisle. They initially studied medicine under their uncle, Carlisle. After that, they attended the University of Edinburgh where they received their M.D. degree in 1782. At the time, the University of Edinburgh had the most famous medical school in the world.
Life in America
In 1783, they emigrated to Augusta County, Virginia, and settled at Greenville near their brother, David Carlisle Humphreys. In 1787, they moved to Staunton and established a practice there. They became a Justice of Augusta County and a Trustee of the newly created Staunton Academy in 1792. In 1793, they became the President of the Board of Trustees of Staunton Academy.
Humphreys had a large and busy medical practice and attracted many medical students who studied under them as a preceptor. Their known students include William Wardlaw, James McPheeters, Andrew Kean, William Henry Harrison, Samuel Brown, and Ephraim McDowell. William Henry Harrison later became President of the United States. Ephraim McDowell was the most famous student of Humphreys who became a practicing physician.
Personal life
On April 8, 1788, Humphreys married Mary Brown, a daughter of Rev. John Brown of New Providence Church. Mary's brother was John Brown, a U.S. Representative and U.S. Senator from Kentucky who served as President pro tempore of the U.S. Senate (and the father of Mason Brown, the Secretary of State of Kentucky, and Orlando Brown, the publisher and historian). They had seven children including:
Elizabeth L. Humphreys (1800–1874), who married Robert Smith Todd (1791–1849) and became the stepmother of Mary Todd Lincoln.
Humphreys died May 23, 1802, at Staunton, Virginia, and was buried in the churchyard of Trinity Episcopal Church at Staunton. Their widow, Mary, then moved to Frankfort, Kentucky, to be near their brother John Brown. They died January 28, 1836, at Frankfort, Kentucky, and is buried at Frankfort Cemetery.
References
External links
Virginia Historical Marker for Alexander Humphreys
Physicians from Virginia
1757 births
1802 deaths
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
People from County Armagh
People from Staunton, Virginia
18th-century American physicians
19th-century American physicians
The Kanjirapuzha Dam, a masonry earth dam built for providing irrigation to a Cultural Command Area (CCA) of , is located in the Palakkad district in the Indian state of Kerala. The reservoir, which has three islands within it, also has an established commercial fisheries development programme operated by the Fisheries Department.
Construction of the dam, including the irrigation system, was started in 1961 at an initial cost of Rs. 3.65 crores (1954 price level) which was revised to Rs. 101.19 crores (1970 price level). The irrigation command was partially developed in 1980 with a total CCA of . To complete the irrigation development in the entire command a new scheme titled "Extension, Renovation and Modernisation (ERM) Irrigation Project" under the Accelerated Irrigation Benefit Programme (AIBP) initiated by the Prime Minister of India, was approved by the Planning Commission in the year 2008 for an estimated cost of Rs 30.0 crore, to cover balance CCA of 1,247 hectares.
Geography
The Kanjirapuzhan Dam is located on the Kanjirapuzha River, a tributary of the Thuthapuzha River, which itself joins the Bharatapuzha River, a part of the west-flowing rivers from Tadri to Kanyakumari. The dam has a catchment area of , which lies entirely within the state boundary. The densely-covered green forest area of the catchment is called the "Vettilachola".
Mannarkkad, the nearest town to the site of the dam, is away and Palakkad is away. It is built near to Agali Hills. Vaakkodan mala is another tourist spot.
Features
The project involving an earth masonry dam and irrigation canal system envisages benefits of irrigation to a gross command area of in the three districts of Palakkad, Mannarkkad and Ottappalam. Commercial fisheries and development of tourism by constructing a garden around the dam are also part of the project.
Dam
The irrigation project's head works consists of an earth masonry dam of length with the earthen section extending over a total length of . The masonry part of this composite dam is in length including the spillway in length, has a maximum height of above the deepest foundation level. The spillway, which is an Ogee shaped structure, and is designed for passing a flood discharge of per second and operated with three gates of size fitted over a crest level of EL . The total quantity of material used in the dam is 6,240 TMC. The design of the dam takes into account the seismic factors relevant to Seismic Zone-III. The construction work of the dam was started in 1961 and completed in 1980.
Reservoir
The reservoir created behind the dam has a gross storage capacity of 70.83 million cubic meters at a Full Reservoir Level (FRL) of EL 97.54 m. The live storage between the FRL and Minimum Draw Down Level (MDDL) of EL 77.42 m is 69.23 million cubic meters. The Dead Storage in the reservoir is 11.32 million cubic meters. The area of submergence behind the dam is . The reservoir caused a submergence of one village resulting in the relocation of 44 tribal community families.
Irrigation development
Irrigation development under the project envisaged a Culturable Command Area of covering three districts; an annual irrigation efficiency of 225% was also envisaged to provide irrigation to . Two main canal systems, one on the left bank and the other on the right bank, draw water from the reservoir. The main Right Bank Canal is long and is designed to carry a discharge of per sec to bring an area of (CCA) under its command. The main Left Bank Canal extends over a length of , has a carrying capacity of per second to provide irrigate benefits to an area of (CCA). When the project was partially commissioned in 1980 and the total CCA developed was and with an annual irrigation efficiency of 225% irrigation was provided to cover .
Under a revised ERM project started in 2008–09, the distribution system is being improved to save water and extend the irrigation benefits to the balance CCA of .
References
External links
Dams in Kerala
Reservoirs in Kerala
Dams completed in 1995
1995 establishments in Kerala
Palakkad district
Bodulgate is a house in the parish of St Teath, Cornwall, England, UK.
References
Houses in Cornwall
Malabar Cancer Centre (MCC) in Thalassery, Kannur district is an autonomous not-for-profit institution under Health and Family Welfare Department, Government of Kerala. In June 2022, the institute was upgraded to Post Graduate Institute of Oncology Sciences and Research.
History
The Malabar Cancer Center was started in the year 2000 when Pinarayi Vijayan was the Minister for Electricity. The institution was inaugurated in 2001, by the E. K. Nayanar Government, under the Electricity Department and later handed over to the Health Department in 2008. In 2017, the Kerala Startup Mission signed a memorandum of understanding with the Malabar Cancer Center to establish a cancer care startup ecosystem in the state. In 2018, then Kerala chief minister Pinarayi Vijayan has announced that the Malabar Cancer Center will be upgraded to RCC standards. They also said that the government will take steps to set up a post-graduate center at the center. In June 2022, the institute was upgraded to Post Graduate Institute of Oncology Sciences and Research.
Cancer Treatment Centre
The Malabar Cancer Center is an important government treatment center exclusively for treating cancer patients in Kerala, mainly in the Malabar region, the neighboring states of Karnataka and Tamil Nadu and Mahe, a district in the Union Territory of Puducherry. There are several disciplines in the institute including Pediatric Hematology, Pediatric Oncology, Nuclear Medicine, Radiology, and Interventional Radiology. In 2008, 1040 new patients were consulted in MCC, while in 2019 the number of new patients increased to 6500. In 2019, the number of patients seeking follow-up treatment has increased to 77477 and 4600 people have been admitted for inpatient treatment.
Post Graduate Institute of Oncology Sciences and Research
The Diplomate of National Board (DNB) Course in oncology was started in 2017 as part of the upgradation of MCC, a Research Center under the Kerala University of Health Sciences, to a Post Graduate Institute. In June 2022, the Ministry of Kerala declared the Malabar Cancer Center as the Post Graduate Institute of Oncology Sciences and Research. Kerala Health Minister Veena George said that, as part of this, the center will be renamed as the Malabar Cancer Center (Post Graduate Institute of Oncology Sciences and Research). The Minister said that as a PG Institute, courses like MD, MCH and DM under the National Medical Commission could be started at the institute. Currently, about 270 students and six PhD research students are studying at the institute.
Achievements
In the government sector, the Department of Ocular Oncology is being set up for the first time in the state at this institute. As of 2022, the Malabar Cancer Center is the only government-run institution in Kerala to perform Hematopoietic stem cell transplantation in children.
MCC was the only institution in Kerala to be approved for conducting human clinical trials for COVID-19 vaccine. The MCC was able to achieve this because it had all the facilities suggested by Biotechnology Industry Research Assistance Council (BIRAC).
See also
Regional Cancer Centre, Thiruvananthapuram
References
Hospital buildings completed in 2001
Government buildings completed in 2001
Medical research institutes in India
2001 establishments in Kerala
Cancer in India
Hospitals in Kerala
Connie May Fowler (born January 3, 1960) is an American novelist, essayist, memoirist, screenwriter, and poet. Them semi-autobiographical novel, Before Women had Wings, received the 1996 Southern Book Critics Circle Award and the Francis Buck Award (League of American Pen Women). They adapted the novel for Oprah Winfrey and the subsequent Emmy-winning film starred Winfrey, Ellen Barkin, Julia Stiles, and Tina Majorino. Remembering Blue received the Chautauqua South Literary Award. Three of their novels were Dublin International Literary Award nominees. Them other novels include Sugar Cage and River of Hidden Dreams. The Problem with Murmur Lee was Redbook's premier book club selection. Them memoir, When Katie Wakes, explores their family's generational cycle of domestic violence. How Clarissa Burden Learned to Fly, a novel oft compared to Virginia Woolf's Mrs. Dalloway in terms of its structure, was published in 2010. Them the latest book, a memoir titled "A Million Fragile bones," will be published April 20, 2017 by Twisted Road Publications. It explores their life on an isolated barrier island and the horrific impact and aftermath of the Deepwater Horizon BP oil spill. Them books have been translated into eighteen languages (https://web.archive.org/web/20170228081631/http://www.conniemayfowler.com/about.html).
Booklist says of "A Million Fragile Bones, "Fowler's elegy to their lost home and chronicle of BP's criminal negligence and the toxic decimation of this coastal haven is uniquely intimate and affecting in its precise elucidation of this tragic, largely invisible apocalypse, offering powerful testimony to the unacceptable risks and profound consequences of reckless oil drilling."
Fowler's essays, touching on a wide range of topics such as family history, the environment, child abuse, domestic violence, Sumo wrestling, popular culture, music, personal relationships, and food have been published in a variety of publications including The New York Times, The Times, Japan Times, International Herald Tribune, Oxford American, Best Life, "The Sun Magazine," and Forum.{http://www.conniemayfowler.com/about.html}
In 2007, Fowler performed at New York City's The Player's Club with actores Kathleen Chalfont, Penny Fuller, and others in a performance based on The Other Woman, an anthology that includes Fowler's essay “The Uterine Blues.” In 2003, Fowler performed in a charity benefit performance of The Vagina Monologues with Jane Fonda and Rosie Perez.
Fowler's work has been characterized as southern fiction with a post-modern sensibility. It often melds magical realism with the harsh realities of poverty. It generally focuses on working-class people of various racial backgrounds. They have been cited in sources such as Advancing Sisterhood?: Interracial Friendships in Contemporary Southern Fiction (Monteith, Sharon) and Race Mixing: Southern Fiction Since the Sixties (Jones, Suzanne) as belonging to a “fourth generation” of American writers, black and white,that explodes old notions of race, segregation, and interpersonal racial relationships.
Other publications their work has been cited in include Reclaiming Class: Women Poverty, And the Promise of Higher Education in America, essay by Nell Sullivan, Temple University Press, 2003; Poverty and Children's Adjustment (Developmental Clinical Psychology and Psychiatry) by Suniya Luthar, Transforming Nurses' Stress and Anger: Steps Toward Healing by Sandra P. Thomas, Ph.D., Editors on Editing: What Writers Need to Know About What Editors Do by Gerald C. Gross, Reading Adoption: Family and Difference in Fiction and Drama by Marianne Novy, Secrets of the Zona Rosa: How Writing (and Sisterhood) Can Change Women's Lives by Rosemary Daniell, The Tomorrow Trap: Unlocking the Secrets of the Procrastination-Protection Syndrome by Karen Peterson, The Book Lover's Cookbook: Recipes Inspired by Celebrated Works of Literature, and the Passages That Feature Them by Shaunda Kennedy Wenger, and Oprah Winfrey (Just the Facts Biographies) by Katherine E. Krohn.
Fowler has held numerous jobs including bartender, caterer, nurse, television producer, TV show host, antique dealer, and construction worker. From 1997-2003 they directed the Connie May Fowler Women Wings Foundation, an organization that served at risk women and children. From 2003–2007, they were the Irving Bacheller Professor of Creative Writing at Rollins College and directed their author series “Winter With the Writers.”
Fowler splits their time between Florida, the Yucatan, and Vermont. They earned a Bachelor of Arts (English Literature) from University of Tampa and a Masters of Arts (English Literature with an Emphasis in Creative Writing) from University of Kansas where they studied with the novelist Carolyn Doty.
Connie May Fowler (1960). Them most recent memoir, A Million Fragile Bones, will be released April 2017. Them most recent novel, How Clarissa Burden Learned to Fly, was published by Grand Central/Hachette Book Group in April 2010. Them short story "Do Not Enter the Memory" was published in the fall/2010 edition of Oxford American. An excerpt from A Million Fragile Bones, was published in the January 2017 issue of The Sun Magazine.  They are working on a dystopian novel titled STONE BY STONE.  They are a core faculty member of the Vermont College of Fine Arts MFA in Writing program and directs their VCFA Novel Retreat. She, along with their husband Bill Hinson, are founders and directors of The Yucatan Writing Conference (formerly The St. Augustine Writers Conference).
Works
Novels and memoirs
A Million Fragile Bones, 2017;
How Clarissa Burden Learned to Fly, 2010;
The Problem with Murmur Lee, 2005;
When Katie Wakes, 2002;
Remembering Blue, 2000;
Before Women had Wings, 1996;
River of Hidden Dreams, 1994;
Sugar Cage, 1992
Poetry
Two Thing Thing Poets: Steve Sleboda and Connie May, UT Review, Vol. 5, 1977.
“A Soliloquy of a Seven Year Old,” “Crowded Closets,” Ann Arbor Review, Vol. 27, Washtenaw Community College, 1977.
“You Have Created Me,” Goethe's Notes: A Literary Magazine, Vol. 6, 1978.
“A Purity of Crabs,” “America: The Invitation and Rejection,” “A Celebration of Nothingness,” Outside the Museum: Contemporary Writings — An Anthology, Ann Arbor Review, Vol. 28, Washtenaw Community College, 1978.
“Genetic Lace,” “The Fear,” Open Twenty-four Hours: Collective Consciousness, Vol. 3, 1984.
“Kateland,” “Ybor City Number One,” The Midwest Quarterly, A Journal of Contemporary Thought, Vol. XXIX, Pittsburg State University, 1988.
“Homesick,” Roberts Writing Awards 1988, The H.G. Roberts Foundation, 1988.
External links
Connie May Fowler website
+[amazon.com/author/conniemayfowler]
Lyceum Agency
WAMU 88.5 FM American University Radio — The Diane Rehm Show
BookPage Interview February 2000: Connie May Fowler
Connie May Fowler — Audio Interview on "When Katie Wakes"
WordSmitten Spotlight :: Connie May Fowler :: The Problem with Murmur Lee
Perspective: Cyberia
The Other Woman anthology
1960 births
Living people
University of Tampa alumni
University of Kansas alumni
American women novelists
20th-century American novelists
American memoirists
American screenwriters
American women poets
21st-century American novelists
American women memoirists
20th-century American women writers
21st-century American women writers
20th-century American poets
21st-century American poets
20th-century American non-fiction writers
21st-century American non-fiction writers
Reedham railway station is on the Wherry Lines in the East of England, serving the village of Reedham, Norfolk. It is down the line from and is situated between to the west and, to the east, on the branch or on the branch. It is commonly suffixed as Reedham (Norfolk) in order to distinguish it from the station of the same name in south London. Its three-letter station code is REE.
The station is currently managed by Greater Anglia, which also operates all trains serving the station. The majority of services run between Norwich and Lowestoft, but three trains per day run to and from Great Yarmouth via the remote Berney Arms station. Services are operated by the brand new Stadler FLIRT Class 755 bi-mode multiple units, which entered service on the Wherry Lines in autumn 2019.
History
The Bill for the Yarmouth & Norwich Railway (Y&NR) received Royal Assent on 18 June 1842. Work started on the line in April 1843 and the line and its stations were opened on 1 May 1844. Reedham station opened with the line and was, as it is now, situated east of Cantley station and west of Berney Arms station. The Y&NR was the first public railway line in Norfolk.
On 30 June 1845 a Bill authorising the amalgamation of the Y&NR with the Norwich & Brandon Railway came into effect and Reedham station became a Norfolk Railway asset.
In 1845 an Act incorporated the Lowestoft Railway & Harbour Company (LR&HC). In 1846 the LR&HC was leased to the Norfolk Railway (NR) and work started on building a line from Lowestoft, in Suffolk to join the Yarmouth & Norwich line South-East of Reedham. On 1 July 1847 the NR opens the Lowestoft to Reedham line. The station south-east of Reedham on the line to Lowestoft was Haddiscoe.
A couple of months after the Lowestoft line opened, the next station west, , was closed by the Norfolk Railway.
The Eastern Counties Railway (ECR) and its rival the Eastern Union Railway (EUR) were both sizing up the NR to acquire and expand their railway empire. The ECR trumped the EUR by taking over the NR, including Reedham Station on 8 May 1848.
The ECR reopened Cantley in 1851, once again making it the next station west.
By the 1860s the railways in East Anglia were in financial trouble, and most were leased to the Eastern Counties Railway, which wished to amalgamate formally but could not obtain government agreement for this until an Act of Parliament on 7 August 1862, when the Great Eastern Railway (GER) was formed by the amalgamation. Actually, Reedham became a GER station on 1 July 1862 when the GER took over the ECR and the EUR before the Bill received the Royal Assent.
By the first decade of the last Century the GER started building new stations at Reedham and at Haddiscoe. On 9 May 1904 Haddiscoe Station was closed and replaced by Haddiscoe Low Level on a new site. On 1 June 1904 the GER opened today's Reedham Station and closed the Y&NR station which was 300 metres East of the new station.
The system settled down for the next 17 years, apart from the disruption of the First World War. The difficult economic circumstances that existed after the war led the Government to pass the Railways Act 1921, which led to the creation of the Big Four. The GER amalgamated with several other companies to form the London and North Eastern Railway (LNER). Reedham became a LNER station on 1 January 1923.
In 1928 the LNER renamed Reedham as Reedham (Norfolk) to distinguish it from the Southern Railway) station of Reedham-Surrey.
At nationalisation in 1948, the station and its services were transferred to the Eastern Region of British Railways.
Following the privatisation of British Rail, Railtrack became responsible for infrastructure maintenance in 1994. Following Railtrack's financial problems Network Rail took over operation of the infrastructure in 2002.
The station and its operations came under the Anglia Railways franchise in 1997. Subsequently, National Express East Anglia, then known as One, took over management in 2004.
The station, along with its services, were transferred to Abellio Greater Anglia in 2012.
In October 2018, Network Rail remodelled the Reedham Junction layout and begun the resignalling process, temporarily closing the Berney Arms line to Great Yarmouth. It reopened on 24 February 2020.
Services
Trains are operated by Greater Anglia. As of April 2020 the typical Monday - Friday daytime off-peak service at Reedham is of one train every two hours to and one every two hours to . In addition to these, there are two trains per day to .
On Saturdays between February and May there is an additional train in both directions between Norwich and Great Yarmouth via Reedham, calling at Brundall and Reedham only. The down service (towards Yarmouth) departs Norwich at 05:32. The up service (towards Norwich) departs Great Yarmouth at 23:34.
References
External links
Railway stations in Norfolk
Former Great Eastern Railway stations
Greater Anglia franchise railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1844
Seelabathi is a 2005 Malayalam drama film written and directed by R. Sarath, starring Kavya Madhavan and Narain in the lead roles. The film, according to the director, is for "all those girls who have been reported missing from several parts of the State."
The film opened on 12 December to critical acclaim.
Plot
The movie begins with the arrival of Seelabathi (Kavya Madhavan) and their mother Sumangala (Urmila Unni) to Kerala from Bengal. Though Sumangala returns to Bengal, Seelabathi stays behind because they get a temporary job as a computer teacher in a school, for a few months. They stay with their grandparents. Them grandfather (Nedumbram Gopi) is a farmer who loves farming more than perhaps anything else. And in school, they soon gets adapted to things and becomes friendly with their students. Sheelabathi also meets a young doctor Jeevan ( Narain), with whom they become very friendly. In the village there are people who come to dig huge bore-wells and consequently there is much of water scarcity. And young students disappear mysteriously from the school and end up being sexually exploited. Their parents accuse that it is due to the new teacher's computer courses that such incidents were happening in the village. Then the story continues telling how Sheelabathi overcomes to all problems.
Cast
Kavya Madhavan as Seelabathi
Narain as Dr. Jeevan Bhasker
Urmila Unni as Sumangala
Nedumbram Gopi
Indrans as Vasu/Basu
C. K. Babu as farmer
References
External links
Seelabathi at the British Film Institute Movie Database
Seelabathi at the Malayalam Movie Database
2000s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by R. Sarath
West Buffalo Peak, elevation , is a summit in the Mosquito Range of central Colorado. The mountain is the highest peak of the Buffalo Peaks, slightly taller than East Buffalo Peak. It is located in the Buffalo Peaks Wilderness.
See also
Buffalo Peaks Wilderness
List of mountain peaks of North America
List of mountain peaks of the United States
List of mountain peaks of Colorado
References
Mountains of Colorado
Mountains of Park County, Colorado
Mountains of Chaffee County, Colorado
North American 4000 m summits
Gnopernicus was a free GNOME desktop application that provided Assistive Technologies (AT) for blind and visually impaired users. Gnopernicus is no longer actively developed and has been replaced by Orca in GNOME.
Gnopernicus is a "one-size-fits-all" screen reader that provided speech, Braille, and magnification for users with a range of visual impairments. Gnopernicus provided for user interface customization - including customizing the speech output and voices, customizing the keystroke commands to drive it, customizing the Braille display key input, and customizing the way magnification is rendered. It was also possible to edit the XML files that describe the speech and Braille output renderings.
Gnopernicus was bundled as the default screen reader on GNOME 2.4 on September 10, 2003; however, the development of Gnopernicus was started in 2001. Orca, with its radical different coding approach of making applications accessible, had more flexibility than the original Gnopernicus design and replaced it as the default screen reader in GNOME 2.16 in September 2006.
Maintainers list
The development of Gnopernicus was led by BAUM Engineering, a partner company of Baum Retec AG.
The maintainers managed the development process with the help of many other members of the GNOME community:
Draghi Puterity
Remus Draica
Dragan Sarbut
Ada Telescu
Oana Serb
Other developers who made great contributions to the project were Adriana Iobb, Pal Csongor Sprencz, Iuliu Szijjarto and Adi Dascal
References
Free screen readers
GNOME Accessibility
Software that uses GTK
Free software programmed in C
Donald Powell Distinguished Service Order (21 October 1896 – 8 August 1942) was an officer in the British Indian Army during World War I and World War II
Biography
Donald Powell was born on 21 October 1896, at Jhansi and baptised on 4 January 1897, at Fatehgahr, the son of Richard John Powell of the Indian Public Works Department.
They were educated at Bedford School 1908–14, and then they went to the Royal Military College, Sandhurst from where they were first commissioned on 11 November 1914 as a Second Lieutenant on the Unattached List for the Indian Army. On 25 January 1915 they were appointed as a company officer to the 1st Battalion, 30th Punjabis. They subsequently took part in the Mohmand campaign, August to October 1915.
They served in East Africa with the 30th Punjabis 1 December 1916 to December 1917. They were wounded and received the Croix de Guerre.
They had been promoted to Captain 11 November 1918, brevet Major 1 July 1929, and Major 11 November 1932, and held appointments as A.D.C. to the Governor of Madras, and as General Staff Officer 3rd grade at the India Office in London from 4 April 1932 to 6 September 1932.
On 3 July 1937 Powell was promoted to the rank of Lieutenant-Colonel and appointed to the command of their battalion, now called the 1st battalion, 16th Punjab regiment. In October 1937 the 1/16 Punjab Regiment was assigned to the 3rd (Jhelum) Brigade, at Ghariom, and the following month the Brigade moved to Mir Ali, with posts at Tal and Damdil, to protect the road to Razmak.
In April 1938 the Fakir assembled a large lashkar (tribal raiding party) at Mami Rogha, which proceeded to raid convoys on the Bannu-Razmak road and blockade the Tochi Scout post at Datta Khel. To deal with this threat, 3rd Brigade advanced to Dosalli and joined the Razmak Brigade to form a force called 'Wastrike', and Powell, having been appointed Acting Brigadier, assumed command of the Brigade.
On 18 July 'Wastrike' was dispersed and they relinquished the rank of acting Brigadier.
During the operations in Waziristan in 1938 total casualties amounted to 62 killed and 268 wounded. Lieutenant-Colonel Powell was awarded the D.S.O. and mentioned in despatches.
On 16 March 1940 Powell was again appointed Temporary Brigadier, commanding 20 (Indian) Brigade, consisting of 2/8 Gurkha Rifles, 2/7 Gurkha Rifles and 3/11 Sikh Regiment. The Brigade formed part of the 10th Indian Division, commanded by Major-General W. A. K. Fraser, then, from May 1941, Major-General William Slim.
As part of Iraqforce (or Paiforce in Persia), Brigadier Powell commanded the 20th Indian Brigade of the Indian 10th Infantry Division during the Anglo-Iraqi War, the Syria–Lebanon campaign, and the Anglo-Soviet invasion of Persia.
Brigadier Powell relinquished command of 20 Indian Brigade in March 1942 and returned to England.
They died on 8 August 1942 at a military hospital and was buried at Bedford Cemetery, Bedfordshire.
Command history
1937–1939: Commanding Officer, 1st Battalion 16th Punjab Regiment
1940–1942: Commanding Officer, 20th Indian Brigade
References
See also
Iraqforce
London Gazette, DSO during operations in Waziristan 1937_1938
1896 births
1942 deaths
People educated at Bedford School
Indian Army personnel of World War II
British Indian Army officers
Graduates of the Royal Military College, Sandhurst
Indian Army personnel of World War I
Darren Callahan is a critically acclaimed Los Angeles-based film director, playwright, novelist, screenwriter and musician whose primary works include the novels The Audrey Green Chronicles and City of Human Remains, the stage plays The White Airplane, Horror Academy, Desperate Dolls, and Beautiful Women in Terrible Trouble, the films Under the Table and Children of the Invisible Man, the 24-volume set The Collected Screenplays of Darren Callahan (published by Battery Filmtext), and the 12-album discography of TRAVEL, a noise rock band featuring poet Matt Hart.
Their work has been reviewed and they have been interviewed in the Chicago Tribune, Chicago Reader, Dayton Daily News, Time Out, Chicago Examiner, Daily Herald, Metromix, and the Chicago Sun-Times, and others.
Their plays have been produced by Chicago's Strawdog Theatre, Babes With Blades, Polarity Ensemble Theatre, Chicago Dramatists, Breadline Theatre, Stage 773, PROP THTR, and City Lit. Chicago Reader named them Critics Choice for their novel The Vanishing of Archie Gray (2004).
 They are the author of several produced radio dramas, including Uncle Ant (1997), The Death Guard (2000), The Tokyo Tourist Bureau (2005), The Wave (1998), and Carnival of Spies (2001) as well as the audio book The 30 Day Baby Company.  They are winner of the NPR Best Audio Drama Award.
 They are president and founder of Phantom Soundtracks, a U.S.-based recording company. Releases include The White Airplane (2009), Spikes (2010), Alien Terrain (2011), North Point (2012), Chrysalis (later releases as Battle Apocalypse) (2014) and Cry It Out (2017), American Barbarian (2018), LVRS (2018), and All The Flowers That Cut Through The Earth (2018). The label has released scores by Darren Callahan, Demetri Fox, Christopher LaPorte, Eric Leonardson, and others.
Notable 2010-2019
In 2012, they wrote, directed, and composed the score for Glass City Films' production of Under the Table, a horror movie. The film played several festivals and led to other assignments as a director, including Death & Devils, Children of the Invisible Man, Don't Call Me Loretta, and Desperate Dolls (film version).
In 2014, their stage play Desperate Dolls was produced and caused a significant controversy due to the violent and sexual content. The play was reviewed by the Chicago Tribune,Chicago Reader,Windy City Times, Gapers Block,Stage and Cinema, LA Splash Magazine, and The Independent.
In 2015, they produced the film Chat Room, directed by Emily Bennett. That year also saw the re-release of 1993's debut album from their pop band, OO OO WA, entitled Screen Kiss, as well as a release by Trouble Press of a collection of 31 fiction and non-fiction pieces, entitled Twin Cinema.
In 2017, Callahan scored the horror film Cry It Out, about haunted baby monitors, and contributed to articles about the legacy of David Bowie for The Federalist and other publications. Their screenplay All These Devils was named a finalist for Shriekfest, a Los Angeles horror film festival, where they had placed several scripts in the past. Terror/13 was named a semi-finalist in the 2018-19 Shriekfest festival competition as well as the ScreenCraft competition; In Control was a semi-finalist for the latter as well.
In 2018, they scored the films LVRS (dir. Emily Bennett), All The Flowers That Cut Through The Earth (dir. Ward Crockett) and American Barbarian (dir. Paul Carr). Also in 2018, Brazildisc released "Broken Punk Records: The Starfish Recordings," a 100-song box set of their band TRAVEL, as well as the re-issue of the 1986 industrial music album HUH? by DEMENTIA PRECOX, for which Callahan served as executive producer.
In 2019, Hooper Cinema Classics, a publisher specializing in entertainment-based releases, published a two-volume set of Callahan's work. Devil Films (an omnibus edition of All These Devils, All These Demons, and All These Witches) and Sex Films (which includes Sexxina, All a Girl Can Get, and Pleasure Zone IV) capture six of their most popular screenplays. As well, their screenplay for In Control was a Top 10 finalist for the prestigious Page Awards.
Notable 2020-
In 2020, Battery Filmtext of LA began publishing a multi-volume series highlighting Callahan's exploitation screenplays. The set includes Documentia, Kiss Me with Blood, Red Park Road, Nerves, Weird Double Features (with Desperate Dolls and I Am An Agent), Summer of Ghosts, Afterschool Specials (with Scott Carson & Susan Rose, Turn Signals, Under the Table, and Lesbian Pornographic Feature Film), Terror/13, The Battle For Carlyle, All These Devils, Sexxina, Schoolgirl Sweethearts, Dead Stranger, 16MM Accident Film, Water Pressure, All A Girl Call Get, In Control, All These Demons, Salamander Lake, Pleasure Zone IV, All These Witches, Conventioneers, The Judy Solution, and The Airship. Darren Callahan made an appearance on Horror Dads (Episode 6) in an extensive interview about their film score work. This year also saw the release of Filmstrips -- a compilation of ambient film score selections from their last 10 years, plus Lost Valentines, a new demo/rarities compilation by OO OO WA, their 1990s pop band, featuring the brand-new song "Smart Girls." As well, 51Works of NYC released two volumes of their mid-2000 stage plays. Archive: Early Works for Stage features The Double Negative, Filmstars, Throw the Control Darts, Two Girls Kissing, and Water Pressure, and another collection entitled Mad Scientist Double Feature, which includes two co-joined plays, Mass Grave and Sub-Genre. Hudson & Hader also re-issued two previous novels in 2020 editions with new art, text, and design: 6 the Rise (2000, publ. 2012), and City of Human Remains (2008, publ. 2012). They also are executive producer for several reissues by industrial band Dementia Precox. They were also interviewed by the podcast Cinemental (Episodes 50 and 51) discussing David Cronenberg's Shivers and the giallo b-movie What Have You Done to Solange?
In 2021, Darren Callahan adapted the Brian Pinkerton thriller Rough Cut into a screenplay entitled Low-Budget Horror. As well, they released their first non-soundtrack solo record in 8 years, When a Pill Becomes a Law, a 13-song collection featuring drummer Kelly Morelock (TRAVEL). They were once again a guest on the podcast Cinemental, this time discussing the films Pontypool (2009) (Episode 81), The Crazies (1973) (Episode 82), Blood and Black Lace (1964) (Episode 112), and Kill, Baby... Kill! (1966) (Episode 113). NPR's "Sound Affects" rebroadcast their 1997 audio drama Uncle Ant, a 30-minute horror/thriller. As well, Hooper Cinema Classics released The Fifth Terror, a collection of five feature-length horror screenplays: Demon Wasp, Old Cemetery, Kiss Me With Blood, Terror/13, and Mother Hospital. This edition was extended shortly thereafter to The Sixth Terror, with the additional screenplay of Dead Stranger. Also released by Brazildisc is a four-volume singles collection featuring recordings from the late-1990s (Signal Flares & Indicator Lights, Town of Creeps, The Sinking Moon, and Burning Witches). As well, Brazildisc re-released were two late-2000s EPs: the first was an expanded edition of The Globe Hotel by Callahan's electronica band Teenage Blackout; the second was Whiteout!!! by Callahan's noise band Travel. Lastly, Plush Toy Records NYC released two ambient wallpaper LPs by Callahan's THE SAD COMEDIES, Soft Alarms and also Soviet Cinema.
In 2022, they produced several EPs and other releases for the Los Angeles all-female shoegaze band The Loud Bangs.
Musical Groups
DARREN CALLAHAN
DJ POWDA
ITALIAN AVIATION
OO OO WA
TEENAGE BLACKOUT
TELEGRAPH
THE DICTIONARY
THE LIFE AND TIMES
THE LOUD BANGS (PRODUCER/CO-WRITER)
THE SAD COMEDIES
TRAVEL
Novels
6 THE RISE
CITY OF HUMAN REMAINS
FOUR SEASONS IN ONE DAY (aka DEEP FREEZE)
HOURS UNTIL WE SLEEP
THE NUMBING OF AUDREY GREEN
THE SEARCH FOR AUDREY GREEN
THE TRAVELS OF AUDREY GREEN
THE VANISHING OF ARCHIE GRAY
UNSETTLED
Feature-Length Screenplays
16MM ACCIDENT FILM
ALL A GIRL CAN GET
ALL THESE DEMONS
ALL THESE DEVILS
ALL THESE WITCHES
CONVENTIONEERS
DEAD STRANGER
DEMON WASP
DESPERATE DOLLS
DOCTOR MORTEER MEETS THE PROFESSOR
DOCUMENTIA
(TOP SECRET HALLOWEEN FRANCHISE FILM)
HORRORTHON
I AM AN AGENT
IN CONTROL
KISS ME WITH BLOOD
LESBIAN PORNOGRAPHIC FEATURE FILM
LOW-BUDGET HORROR (film adaptation of the novel ROUGH CUT by Brian Pinkerton)
MOTHER HOSPITAL
NERVES
NIHILISTS
OLD CEMETERY
PLEASURE ZONE IV
RED PARK ROAD
SALAMANDAR LAKE
SEXXINA
SCHOOLGIRL SWEETHEARTS
SUMMER OF GHOSTS
TERROR/13
TOGETHER ALONE (with Mark Davidov)
THE AIRSHIP
THE BATTLE FOR CARLYLE
THE JUDY SOLUTION
THE NIGHTMARE FACTORY
WATER PRESSURE
Films
CHILDREN OF THE INVISIBLE MAN
DESPERATE DOLLS
UNDER THE TABLE
Stage Plays
CASTLE VON DEATH (SHORT)
DESPERATE DOLLS (BEAUTIFUL WOMEN IN TERRIBLE TROUBLE, PART TWO)
HORROR ACADEMY
KILL YOUR ENEMIES
MASS GRAVE
SUB-GENRE
SOURCES (BEAUTIFUL WOMEN IN TERRIBLE TROUBLE, PART THREE)
THE DOUBLE NEGATIVE
THE ESSENTIALS (SHORT)
THE WHITE AIRPLANE
THROW THE CONTROL DARTS
TWO GIRLS KISSING
UNDER THE TABLE (SHORT)
WATER PRESSURE
WITNESS TO AN ACCIDENT (BEAUTIFUL WOMEN IN TERRIBLE TROUBLE, PART ONE)
Original Scores
AFTER HOURS
ALIEN TERRAIN (as Demetri Fox)
ALL THE FLOWERS THAT CUT THROUGH THE EARTH
AMERICAN BARBARIAN
CHRYSALIS (aka BATTLE APOCALYPSE)
CRY IT OUT
LVRS
PRAY WITH US
SPIKES
UNDER THE TABLE
References
External links
Horror Dads (Podcast Interview) Episode 6: Horror Film Scores & Interview With Composer Darren Callahan by Horror Dads • A podcast on Anchor
Cinemental (Podcast Interviews - Six Episodes)
Dayton Daily News (May 2020)
Shriekfest Radio (Podcast Interview) Shriekfest Radio
Shriekfest (profile) Shriekfest Interview
Primary Website DarrenCallahan.com
Internet Movie Database
Desperate Dolls Review Theatre In Chicago
MSN interview
Dayton Daily News (July 2020)
Go! Magazine (June 2021)
Amazon
Writers from Chicago
American dramatists and playwrights
American screenwriters
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Auburn is a locality in the Western Downs Region, Queensland, Australia. In the , Auburn had a population of 26 people.
Auburn's postcode is 4413.
Geography
The Auburn Homestead is located within the locality () and may be the origin of the locality name.
References
Western Downs Region
Localities in Queensland
Chrisma may refer to:
Chrism, a consecrated oil used in many Christian denominations
Krisma, originally known as Chrisma, an Italian new wave/electronic music duo
See also
Chrismon (disambiguation)
Louise Anne Kingham, is a Chief Executive of the Energy Institute. They were awarded an honorary doctorate of science from the University of Bath in 2017.
Early life and education
Kingham as born and educated in Surrey. They completed undergraduate and postgraduate studies at the University of London.
Career
Kingham worked for Guinness Brewery and Thompson Publishing Group. From 1999 to 2002 they worked at the Institute of Energy. Kingham served as Director General of the Institute of Petroleum from 2002. They were appointed Chief Executive at the Energy Institute in 2003. In 2003 the Energy Institute was incorporated by the Royal charter, and now works with 120 countries worldwide. They were won the Global Leadership in Energy Award in 2006.  They are a board member of the POWERful Women initiative. In 2009 Kingham was appointed Deputy Chair of the UK Engineering Technology Board's Professional Panel.
They were appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2011 Birthday Honours for services to energy and Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2022 New Year Honours for services to the energy industry.
They have acted as President of the Energy Industries Club.  They are interested in the future of energy supply and finding sustainable ways to combat climate change.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
British chief executives
People from Surrey
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
The FIBA Under-19 Women's Basketball World Cup (formerly FIBA Under-19 World Championship for Women) is the women's international under-19 basketball championship organised by FIBA. From its inauguration in 1985, until 2005, it was held every four years. Since 2005, it has been held biennially.
Summaries
Medal table
Tournament awards
Most recent award winners (2021)
Participation details
Debut of national teams
Ranking of teams by number of appearances
Overall win–loss record 1985-2021
In bold, teams qualified for the 2023 edition.
See also
FIBA Under-17 Women's Basketball World Cup
FIBA Under-17 Basketball World Cup
FIBA Under-19 Basketball World Cup
References
Under
Recurring sporting events established in 1985
Women's basketball competitions between national teams
Under-19 basketball competitions between national teams
World youth sports competitions
World championships in basketball
Tonight's the Night...Live is the second live album by British folk rock band Steeleye Span.
During the 1980s, Steeleye released only three albums. By 1991, the band was revitalized through the arrival of bassist Tim Harries and drummer Liam Genockey. Harries was younger than the other band members, and new blood returned the band to full-time activity. Steeleye found a fresh perspective on old material, as is evident on Tonight's the Night...Live, which balances the band's rock and folk roots.
The album includes new arrangements of several songs from earlier albums, some of them different from the earlier versions: "Cam Ye O'er Frae France" from Parcel of Rogues, "All Around My Hat" from All Around My Hat (preferred by some to the original), "Fighting for Strangers" from Rocket Cottage, "White Man" from Back in Line, and "Padstow" from Tempted and Tried. "The Weaver and the Factory Maid" (from Parcel of Rogues) is effective. With a thrumming bass line, clicking percussion and repetitive violin and guitar lines, the song conveys the sense of a factory full of power looms.
The other half of the album is new pieces. The most experimental is "Tam Lin", Fairport Convention's signature tune. To find a new approach to the song, Knight traced the Tam Lin story to Bulgarian folklore, combining three Bulgarian folk songs for Prior to sing. More upbeat are "Tonight's the Night" and "The Gentleman Soldier". "Ten Long Years" is a nod to the band's a cappella pieces.
Track listing
"Tonight's the Night" 3:34
"Ca the Ewes" 4:44
"Gentleman Soldier" 3:32
"Tam Lin" 10:46
"Padstow" 3:25
"Fighting for Strangers" 5:31
"White Man" 4:45
"The Weaver" 6:04
"Ten Long Years" 2:19
"Dawn of the Day" 5:25
"Cam Ye" 6:12
"All Around My Hat" 4:19
Personnel
Steeleye Span
Maddy Prior - vocals
Peter Knight - violin, vocals
Bob Johnson - guitar, vocals
Tim Harries - bass, vocals
Liam Genockey - drums
References
Steeleye Span albums
1992 live albums
Not Like This is the debut studio album by Long Island punk rock band Iron Chic. The album was recorded in guitarist Phil Douglas' studio, The Hobo House and released on bassist Mike Bruno's Dead Broke Rekerds.
Background
In 2008 and 2009 respectively, the band released Demo 2008 and the Shitty Rambo EP amassing a sizable underground following and critical buzz. During this time the band almost broke up with guitarist Brian Crozier having to step down from the band due to illness and bassist John Mee being ejected due to tensions within the band. Rob McAllister of Capital and Mike Bruno of Down In The Dumps, Jonesin' and Get Bent were chosen to replace Crozier and Mee respectively. This lineup began writing their first full-length immediately following the inclusion of McAllister and Bruno into the band with "In One Ear" and "Timecop"- originally released on the band's 2008 Demo- being re-recorded for the album. This album is notable for featuring "Cutesy Monster Man" and "Time Keeps On Slipping Into The (Cosmic) Future", 2 songs that would go on to be fan favorites and permanent fixtures of the band's set list. The album was initially released on Bruno's Dead Broke Rekerds on September 1, 2010.
Reception
The album was well received upon release and helped win the band a larger audience. Punknews.org gave the album 4.5 out of 5 stars and stating, "Iron Chic's songs are each very anthemic with a lot of vocal harmonies backed by '90s emo guitars, along with those very distorted bass tones that always have a heavy presence in my favorite songs on the album; the drums range from keeping a solid mid-tempo presence to the full punk rock gallop in a few places. All of these elements are met with lyrics that demand to be sung along to." Exclaim! gave the album a glowing review stating "An essential aspect of Iron Chic's success on Not Like This is vocalist Jason Lubrano's oft-poetic lyrics...it's extremely listenable while still possessing the charming air of being recorded in a Long Island basement. These songs are designed for sing-alongs in dive bars and at basement shows, but the lyrics make it deserving of a focused listen. It's easy to get behind something so sincere, genuine and legitimately inspiring. Rate Your Music has the album rated at 3.51 stars out of 5 based on 140 ratings indicating favorable reviews.
Track listing
All music written by Iron Chic.
Personnel
Jason Lubrano - Vocals
Phil Douglas- Guitars, Vocals, Production
Rob McAllister - Guitar
Mike Bruno- Bass
Gordon Lafler- Drums
References
2010 debut albums
Iron Chic albums
The yolk sac is a membranous sac attached to an embryo, formed by cells of the hypoblast adjacent to the bilaminar embryonic disc. This is alternatively called the umbilical vesicle by the Terminologia Embryologica (TE), though yolk sac is far more widely used. In humans, the yolk sac is important in early embryonic blood supply, and much of it is incorporated into the primordial gut during the fourth week of embryonic development.
In humans
The yolk sac is the first element seen within the gestational sac during pregnancy, usually at 3 days gestation.
The yolk sac is situated on the front (ventral) part of the embryo; it is lined by extra-embryonic endoderm, outside of which is a layer of extra-embryonic mesenchyme, derived from the epiblast.
Blood is conveyed to the wall of the yolk sac by the primitive aorta and after circulating through a wide-meshed capillary plexus, is returned by the vitelline veins to the tubular heart of the embryo. This constitutes the vitelline circulation, which in humans serves as a location of haematopoiesis. Before the placenta is formed and can take over, the yolk sac provides nutrition and gas exchange between the mother and the developing embryo.
At the end of the fourth week, the yolk sac presents the appearance of a small pear-shaped opening (traditionally called the umbilical vesicle), into the digestive tube by a long narrow tube, the vitelline duct. Rarely, the yolk sac can be seen in the afterbirth as a small, somewhat oval-shaped body whose diameter varies from 1 mm to 5 mm; it is situated between the amnion and the chorion and may lie on or at a varying distance from the placenta. There is no clinical significance to a residual external yolk sac.
As a rule the duct undergoes complete obliteration by the 20th week as most of the yolk sac is incorporated into the developing gastrointestinal tract, but in about two percent of cases its proximal part persists as a diverticulum from the small intestine, Meckel's diverticulum, which is situated about 60 cm proximal to the ileocecal valve, and may be attached by a fibrous cord to the abdominal wall at the umbilicus.
Sometimes a narrowing of the lumen of the ileum is seen opposite the site of attachment of the duct.
Histogenesis
The yolk sac starts forming during the second week of the embryonic development, at the same time as the shaping of the amniotic sac. The hypoblast starts proliferating laterally and descending. In the meantime Heuser's membrane, located on the opposite pole of the developing vesicle, starts its upward proliferation and meets the hypoblast.
Modifications
Primary yolk sac: it is the vesicle which develops in the second week, its floor is represented by Heuser's membrane and its ceiling by the hypoblast. It is also known as the exocoelomic cavity.
Secondary yolk sac: this structure is formed when the extraembryonic mesoderm separates to form the extraembryonic coelom; cells from the mesoderm pinch off an area of the yolk sac, and what remains are the secondary yolk sac.
The final yolk sac: during the fourth week of development, during organogenesis, part of the yolk sac is surrounded by endoderm and incorporated into the embryo as the gut. The remaining part of the yolk sac is the final yolk sac.
Additional images
See also
Yolk sac tumor
References
Embryology of cardiovascular system
Oliver Herbrich (born 1961 in Munich) is a German filmmaker working as author, film director and producer.  They are associated with the New German Cinema movement in the 1980s. From 2016, their films are digitally remastered and re-released in the Fiction – Non-Fiction Film Edition. In 2018, the Film Museum Düsseldorf added all archival documents to its collection.
Work
Before their Abitur, Herbrich realized their cinema debut The Proud and Sad Life of Mathias Kneissl in 1979 with the support of the “Kuratorium Junger Deutscher Film” (Young German Film Committee). Although Herbrich was enrolled in the feature film department of the University of Television and Film Munich since 1980, it was here that they made their first two documentaries, which were shot under adverse conditions in the Australian desert and the Amazon jungle. Since then, they have worked on both narrative and documentary films.
After completing their studies, Herbrich turned back to feature filmmaking in 1984. Wodzeck, an adaptation of Georg Büchner's Woyzeck, ran as a German entry in the competition of the 14th Moscow International Film Festival and was awarded for the "Best Male Leading Role". The film was also presented at 20 other festivals. As an auteur filmmaker (Herbrich is involved in all films as director, screenwriter and producer) they are a representative of the New German Cinema of the 1980s and 90s. In order to have their own production equipment such as film cameras and editing tables, Herbrich founded the technology service provider LICHT & TON Ltd, which existed until 2010.
After the success of Wodzeck followed further documentaries: Bikini - mon amour dealt with the recent consequences of above-ground atomic bomb tests. Like Searching for El Dorado, Bikini - mon amour reached an audience of millions when it was shown in prime time on German TV Channel 1 (ARD). In 1985/86 Herbrich realized a documentary biopic with the Bavarian jail break king, Theo Berger. The Bavarian Al Capone also caused a sensation, but was not allowed to broadcast on Bavarian television (BR). After cinema distribution, the film was broadcast on West German television (WDR). For this broadcast, the film needed to be subtitled in High German.
In 1988, the “Filmmakers' Distribution Association” re-released Herbrich's films in the edition "Fiction - Non-Fiction". In the same year, they shot their third feature film Earthbound. The film is a fictional adaptation inspired by the life story of Gustav Mesmer. Earthbound received international awards and stars Hannes Thanheiser, Rüdiger Vogler and Vera Tschechowa.
Oliver Herbrich ended their career as a filmmaker with two cinema documentaries shot in Nepal and Ireland. For their complete works, they were awarded the "Film Prize of the City of Munich" in 1994.
In 2016-18 the reels of negative films archived in the Federal Film Archive Berlin were digitally remastered and reissued in the "Fiction - Non-Fiction Film Edition". A collection of analogue (16 and 35 mm) film copies is owned by the Film Museum Munich and the Film Museum Düsseldorf. In 2018, Film Museum Düsseldorf catalogued all written documents from the films.
Cinematic approach
Dieter Kosslick, former director of Berlin International Film Festival outlined Herbrich's working style as follows:
"Fortunately Oliver Herbrich doesn't create an ideology when walking the line between fictional movie and documentary film. Herbrich's approach is solely based on the storytelling needs of the subjects. Remarkably, this technique results in a combination of documentary and fictional elements. There's one scene sequence during the Mathias Kneissl movie, when the gendarmerie brigade is closing in on the folk hero. The resulting police violence is reminiscent of documentary reports. Vice versa, their documentary films include elements of fiction. The scenes of gold diggers carrying sacks of mud uphill from their claims in the documentary Searching for El Dorado reminds the viewer of monumental feature movies. This evokes a mythologization of the real life, revealing the general in the particular. One can describe Herbrich's films as stories about human behavior, depicting the mechanisms of reality. Reaching limits and crossing borders is something to be taken in the literal sense in Herbrich's oeuvre.“ (Dieter Kosslick, 1994).
Filmography
1979/80 The Proud and Sad Life of Mathias Kneissl (Das stolze und traurige Leben des Mathias Kneißl)
1982 Dead Heart (Totes Herz)
1983/84 Searching for El Dorado (Auf der Suche nach El Dorado)
1983/84 Wodzeck
1985/86 The Bavarian Al Capone (Der Al Capone vom Donaumoos)
1986/87 The World beyond the World (Die Welt jenseits der Welt)
1987 Bikini – mon amour
1988/89 Earthbound (Erdenschwer)
1991 Priests of the Condemned (Priester der Verdammten)
1992/93 Rules of the Road (Gesetz der Straße)
Awards
1980 and 1984 rating “Highly Recommended” for Mathias Kneissl and Searching for El Dorado
1985 Prix d'Antenne II, Paris (Festival Cinéma du Réel) for Searching for El Dorado; 2nd Prize Cine-stud Film Fest, Amsterdam for Searching for El Dorado; Best Male Actor (International Film Festival Moscow) for Detlef Kügow in Wodzeck
1989 Honorary Mention at 4th Medikinale International Parma, Italy for Bikini – mon amour; Honorary Mention at Red Cross and Health Film Fest Varna, Bulgaria for Bikini – mon amour
1990 Best Screenplay (Festival Imag Fic, Madrid) for Earthbound; Best Artistic Contribution (Festival Europa Cinema, Viareggio) for Earthbound; Prix de la Fédération international del Cine Club (Festival Figuera da Foz, Portugal) for Earthbound
1994 Film Prize of the City of Munich (lifetime achievement)
Retrospectives
1987 Low Budget Festival Hamburg, Germany
1989 Film Week Onikon Cinema Herdecke, Germany
1990 West Virginia Film Festival, Charleston, USA
1993 Film Museum Düsseldorf, Germany
1994 Film Museum Munich, Germany
2018 Breitwand Cinema Gauting, Germany
Social Engagement
1990–2000 Sponsor “Award for the Outstanding Documentary“ (International Documentary Film Festival Munich)
2010 start of charity NGO “Foundation Oliver Herbrich Children's Fund”
References
Further reading
Literature by Oliver Herbrich in the German National Library
Literature by Oliver Herbrich in the Austrian National Library
External links
Oliver Herbrich Filmarchive (English)
Oliver Herbrich on filmportal.de (English)
Oliver Herbrich on IMDb.com (English)
Oliver Herbrich in Lexikon des int. Films (German)
Foundation Oliver Herbrich Children's Fund (English)
Film people from Munich
German documentary film directors
Founders
1961 births
Living people
John Eldred (1629-1717), of Earl's Colne, Essex, was an English Member of Parliament.
They were a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Harwich in 1689, in the Convention Parliament.
References
1629 births
1717 deaths
17th-century English people
People from Essex
People of the Stuart period
Members of the Parliament of England (pre-1707)
Stanford Windmill is a Grade II* listed tower mill in Stanford, Kent, England that was built in 1857. It stands on Kennett Lane in Stanford.
History
Stanford mill was built in 1857 by the Ashford millwright John Hill. The tower of the mill was cracked when a bomb was dropped nearby during World War I. A single cylinder paraffin engine was fitted between the wars. This was replaced by a Ruston & Hornsby engine in 1936. The mill had a new pair of sails in 1925, 1930 and 1936. It worked by wind until 1946, in which year the shutters were removed from the sails. The sails and cap roof were removed in 1961, and a corrugated asbestos roof built on the cap frame. Milling continued by engine until 1969, with the paraffin engine being replaced by an electric motor. Some of the milling furniture was used in the restoration of Draper's Mill, Margate in the 1970s.
Description
Stanford mill is a five-storey tower mill which formerly had a Kentish-type cap. It had four patent sails carried on a cast-iron windshaft. The mill was winded by a fantail and there was a stage at first-floor level. The mill drove four pairs of millstones, two steel mills and two roller mills. The brake wheel is a composite one, with iron arms and a wooden rim. This drives a cast-iron wallower. The great spur wheel is also of cast iron. The mill drives to the millstones is overdrift.
Millers
J Fox 1862
Thomas Rolfe 1878
Henry Taylor 1913–1929
G R Holt 1929–1946
H Beresford Lye 1946–1959
M Hancock & Son 1959–1969
References for above:-
References
External links
Windmill World page on the mill.
Windmills in Kent
Grinding mills in the United Kingdom
Tower mills in the United Kingdom
Grade II listed buildings in Kent
Windmills completed in 1857
1857 establishments in England
KJNY (99.1 FM) is a commercial radio station in Ferndale, California, broadcasting to the Eureka, California, area. It airs a Mainstream Top 40/CHR format billed as "99-1 KISS-FM." Prior to that, it partially aired a country music format as Jenny 99.1 until it adopted the "KISS" branding and went Top 40 full-time on April 8, 2011.
External links
KJNY official website
JNY
Contemporary hit radio stations in the United States
Mass media in Humboldt County, California
William Hibbert (21 September 1884 – 16 March 1949) was a professional footballer who played as centre forward and was capped once for England.
Club career
Born in Golborne, Lancashire, England, Hibbert started playing at school before beginning their amateur career first at Newton le Willows then Bryn Central. On 3 May 1906, they turned professional with First Division club Bury In 1911, they signed with Newcastle United for a then record fee. They played 139 league games scoring 46 goals either side of the First World War — during which time they guested for both Sheffield Wednesday and Leeds City. They also played four games as a guest for Burnley in the 1916–17 season. In 1920 they signed for Bradford City where they were the club's top goal-scorer in its final two seasons in Division One. When they left City after it was relegated, they had scored 26 goals in 53 games. They then signed for Oldham Athletic.
In 1923, they moved to the United States where they joined the Fall River Marksmen of the American Soccer League. They saw time in only four league games before moving to J&P Coats for the remainder of the season, continuing with Coats through the end of the 1925–26 season. They also spent time in June 1927 with Real Gimnástico CF.
National team
They also won one international cap for England against Scotland on 2 April 1910 in a 2–0 defeat.
Manager
After their playing career finished they were a coach in the United States of America, Spain and at Wigan Borough. They died in Blackpool, England, on 16 March 1949.
Personal life
Their brother-in-law was Joe Shaw who played more than 300 games for Arsenal.
References
External links
1884 births
1949 deaths
People from Golborne
English footballers
England international footballers
English Football League players
Bury F.C. players
Newcastle United F.C. players
Leeds City F.C. players
Bradford City A.F.C. players
Oldham Athletic A.F.C. players
American Soccer League (1921–1933) players
Fall River Marksmen players
J&P Coats players
Levante UD footballers
Arsenal F.C. wartime guest players
Burnley F.C. wartime guest players
English Football League representative players
Association football forwards
English expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
English expatriate footballers
A Communications Ministry or Department of Communications is a ministry or other government agency charged with communication. Communications responsibilities include regulating telecommunications, postal services, broadcasting and print media. The ministry is often headed by the Minister for Communications.
Ministries titled Ministry or Department of Communications
Some countries have such a department literally called Ministry of Communications:
Department of Communications and the Arts
Australian Government Department of Communications (1993–1994)
Australian Government Department of Communications (1980–1987)
Ministry of Communication and Traffic (Bosnia and Herzegovina)
Ministry of Communications (Brazil)
Ministry of Communications and Information Technology (Burma)
Ministry of Communications (Iceland)
Ministry of Communications (Iraq)
Ministry of Communications (Israel)
Ministry of Communications (Japan)
Ministry of Transport and Communications (Lithuania)
Ministry of Communications of Morocco
Ministry of Communications of Pakistan functions as a central policy making and administrative authority on Communications and Transport Sector in Pakistan.
Ministry of Communications and Mass Media (Russia)
Department of Communications (South Africa)
Ministry of Communications (Soviet Union), the central state administration body on communications in the Soviet Union from 1946 to 1991
Ministry of Communications (Trinidad and Tobago)
Ministry of Communications (India) (2016–Present)
Ministries titled Ministry of Information and Communications
A number of countries have designated such a department as a Ministry of Information and Communications:
Nigerian Federal Ministry of Information and Communications
Ministry of Information and Communications (Rivers State)
Ministry of Information and Communication (South Korea)
Ministry of Information and Communications (Kenya), Kenya
Ministry of Information and Communications (Vietnam), Vietnam
Ministry of Information and Communication (Fiji), Fiji
Ministry of Information and Communications (Nepal), Nepal
Ministry of Information and Communication (Bhutan), Bhutan
Ministry of Information and Communication (Cuba), Cuba
Ministries titled Ministry of Communications and Information Technology
A number of countries have designated such a department as a Ministry of Communications and Information Technology:
Ministry of Communications and Information Technology (Afghanistan)
Ministry of Communications and Information Technology (Egypt)
Ministry of Communications and Information Technology (India)
Ministry of Communication and Information Technology (Indonesia)
Ministry of Communication and Information Technology (Saudi Arabia)
Ministry of Communications and Information Technology (Iran)
Ministry of Information Technologies and Communications (Colombia)
Ministry of Information Technologies and Communications (Yemen)
Ministry of Information and Communication Technology (Thailand)
Department of Information and Communications Technology (Philippines)
Ministries with other names having authority over communications
Many countries have such a department, but under some other name:
Ministry of Posts, Telecommunications and Information Technology (Bangladesh), since 2014
Ministry of Transport and Infocommunications (Brunei), renamed from Ministry of Communications since 2018
Department of Canadian Heritage, formerly a part of the Department of Communications and Industry Canada which regulates the Telecommunications Act
Ministry of Transport and Communications (East Timor)
Ministry of Economic Affairs and Communications (Estonia)
Federal Ministry of Transport and Digital Infrastructure (Germany), since 2013
Department of Communications, Energy and Natural Resources (Ireland), a department of the Government of Ireland that is responsible for the telecommunications and broadcasting sectors and regulates, protects and develops the natural resources of the Republic of Ireland
Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications (Japan), a cabinet-level ministry in the Government of Japan
Ministry of Post and Telecommunications (North Korea)
Korea Communications Commission and Ministry of Science, ICT and Future Planning (South Korea)
Ministry of Communications and Multimedia (Malaysia)
Malaysian Communications and Multimedia Commission (Malaysia)
Ministry of Economic Development (New Zealand), including Communications and Information Technology Portfolio
Ministry of Transport and Communications (North Macedonia)
Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People's Republic of China, established in March 2008, is the state agency of the People's Republic of China responsible for regulation and development of the postal service, Internet, wireless, broadcasting, communications, production of electronic and information goods, software industry and the promotion of the national knowledge economy
Ministry of Communications and Information (Singapore), a ministry of the Government of Singapore. It is in charge of the creative industries, library, media, info-communications and government public relations.
Department of Communications (South Africa) is responsible for overseeing the South African communications, telecommunications and broadcasting industries.
Ministry of Transportation and Communications (Taiwan)
Ministry of Information, Communications, Transport and Tourism Development, Kiribati
Office of Communications (United Kingdom)
Federal Communications Commission (United States), an independent agency of the United States government, created, Congressional statute (see 47 U.S.C. § 151 and 47 U.S.C. § 154), and with the majority of its commissioners appointed by the current President
See also
List of postal entities, for other countries
List of telecommunications regulatory bodies, for other countries
References
Communications
The emFire Collection: Mixed, Unmixed & Remixed is a collection of remixes of Sasha's tracks "Coma," "Park it in Shade," "Who Killed Sparky?" and "Mongoose." The second disc contains edits of these tracks, as well a continuous mix of Sasha's score from the surf film New Emissions of Light & Sound mixed into one song. This score won an award from the action sports film festival X Dance Awards. Four tracks from The emFire Collection were released on a two 12" vinyl records as The emFire Collection: Club Remixes.
Track list
Disc 1
"Coma (Slam Soma Coma mix)" – 5:36
"Park it in the Shade (Audion Deep Steeple mix)" – 12:20
"Who Killed Sparky? (Radio Slave's Brooklyn dub mix)" – 6:50
"Mongoose (The Field's Floating mix)" – 3:22
"Coma (Slam Paragraph mix)" – 7:53
"Park it in the Shade (Audion Ain't Got No Friends mix)" – 8:37
"Who Killed Sparky? (Radio Slave's Panorama garage mix)" – 12:13
"Mongoose (The Field's disco mix)" – 9:18
Disc 2
"Coma (Spangled Rubdub)" – 5:42
"Park it in the Shade (Exclusive emFire edit)" – 5:32
"Who Killed Sparky? (Exclusive emFire edit)" – 5:37
"Mongoose (Exclusive emFire edit)" – 5:04
"New Emissions of Light & Sound (film score)" – 40:52
"Gothic Mood" – 1:58
"Sparky" – 2:19
"Rooski" – 1:36
"Lonely Place" – 3:43
"Arthill" – 2:29
"Coma" – 7:46
"Celestial" – 2:30
"Electromania" – 3:39
"Marketplace" – 5:59
"Stars" – 5:26
References
External links
Sasha (DJ) albums
2008 compilation albums
2008 remix albums
Fawnskin is an unincorporated community in San Bernardino County, California, United States. Its altitude is 6,827 feet (2,081 m). The community has a post office, which was established on May 18, 1918.
History
The small township was once an artists' colony, which attracted artisans, musicians, composers and actors from the Los Angeles area. Mountain travelers in the 19th century came to the Big Bear Valley through Fawnskin on the rough road by stagecoach and later motorcars. Several other names were temporarily chosen for the North Shore village including Bald Eagle Valley, Big Bear Village, Cline-Miller, Grout, and Oso Grande.
The village has always been an attraction to vacationers seeking a retreat from city life in its mountain terrain. Several hundred homes are in the forested mountainside adjacent to the forest.
Gold miners, loggers, and hunters were drawn to the adjacent Holcomb Valley during the 19th century. The Native American legend about how the town got its name has been turned into the urban legend. The Anglo version is that hunters discovered deer (fawn) skins stretched out to dry in the sun. Hence, the area became known as Fawn Skin and later Fawnskin.
Fawnskin was once the hub of lakeside activity, serving as a stagecoach stop and tourist attraction with hotels and dining. The town's main landmark is the Fawn Lodge, built in 1924, but now closed. Composer Fannie Charles Dillon founded Woodland Theater at Fawnskin, Big Bear Lake, California, in 1924 and served as its general manager from 1926 to 1929.
Other notable landmarks include the Pedersen Saw Mill, which lies just west of the lodge; and the historic post office, which lies to the east of the lodge but now is a private home rental. Downtown Fawnskin has some of the oldest buildings in the Big Bear valley.
Once popular for camping, the Lighthouse Camp and Landing is the only surviving north shore camp from the 1920s. Hanna Flats and YMCA Camp Whittle—owned and operated by the Metropolitan Los Angeles YMCA—are located within the forest above Fawnskin and remain favorites of vacationers.
Fawnskin events include the comic Doo Dah Parade and the Loggers' Jubilee. The town also claims the only "honest" election in the nation. Anyone can vote for the Fawnskin Mayor; votes are donations of a quarter. The candidate who wins is the one who raises the most money. Hence, the town "buys" their politicians.
Today, Fawnskin is designated as a protective habitat for golden and American bald eagles. They return annually to the valley from November to April.
In 1998, the multimillion-dollar Big Bear Discovery Center was built and plans to expand. The facility is operated by a partnership between the US Forest Service and the San Bernardino National Forest Association.
Notable residents
A variety of celebrities live in the area. Two publishers operate out of Fawnskin and several writers live there full-time, including William Sarabande.
Jordan Romero, the 13-year-old boy who conquered Mount Everest, is also known as one of the Fawnskin Folks.
Actress/singer Shirley Jones and their husband actor/comedian Marty Ingels also own a home in Fawnskin. Marty Ingels and Shirley Jones bought a piece of property in 2001 and created Fawn Park in downtown Fawnskin. However, it was closed to the public from July 2006 until it was reopened September 2011, featuring a memorial to those who died in the September 11 attacks. The small mountain resort community also has other parks which include the Old Miller School House Park, Dana Point Park, and the Don Conroy Memorial Park.
In popular culture
Fawnskin is a popular filming location and has been featured in the 1958 B-movie, Giant from the Unknown, Hallmark's Angel in the Family, Doctor Dolittle II, the 1999 Academy Award-nominated film The Insider, and others.
Many scenes of Columbo: Murder by the Book (1971) (with guest star Jack Cassidy, then married to Shirley Jones) were filmed here, as was a Perry Mason episode, "The Case of the Violent Village."
In chapter 35 of Stephen J. Cannell's novel, At First Sight (2008), the antagonist Chick Best and protagonist Paige Ellis stop in Fawnskin en route to the Bests' vacation cabin in Big Bear.
A 2003 episode of CSI: Crime Scene Investigation is set in Jackpot, Nevada, but the scenes were actually filmed in Fawnskin, which earned the community about $150,000 in revenue.
Media
The small town's news and informal activities have been reported in two publications, Fawnskin Folks (1920s) and the Fawnskin Flyer (Est. 2005).
See also
Big Bear Lake
Big Bear Discovery Center
References
External links
Fawnskin Flyer
Fawnskin Chamber of Commerce
Fawnskin Fire Station 96
Unincorporated communities in San Bernardino County, California
Big Bear Valley
San Bernardino Mountains
San Bernardino National Forest
Unincorporated communities in California
Lieutenant General Peder Adolf Ludvig Regnell Hammarskiöld (26 June 1869 – 4 July 1958) was a Swedish Army officer. Hammarskiöld's senior commands include commanding officer of the 2nd Army Division and the Eastern Army Division, the position of Commandant General of Stockholm Garrison, Master-General of the Ordnance and Inspector of the Artillery. As a military historian, they researched the ancient history of the Swedish artillery.
Early life
Hammarskiöld was born on 26 June 1869 in Dingtuna Parish, Västmanland County, Sweden, the son of major Per Theodor Hammarskiöld and their wife Sofia Gustafva Regnell. They were grandnephew of Lorenzo Hammarsköld.
Career
Hammarskiöld was commissioned as an officer in First Svea Artillery Regiment in 1889 with the rank of underlöjtnant. Hammarskiöld attended the Artillery and Engineering College from 1893 to 1897 and served as a dispatch officer in staff of the IV Army Division in 1898. They became an artillery staff officer in 1899 and was secretary in artillery commissions from 1900 to 1902 and was promoted to captain in 1903. They participated in the work of the Boden Committee in 1905 and served in the General Staff from 1908 to 1909 and became major in the army and chief of the Artillery Staff in 1909. They then served as major in Svea Artillery Regiment in 1911 and as lieutenant colonel in Boden-Karlsborg Artillery Regiment in 1913. Hammarskiöld served as chairperson of the Artillery Committee from 1914 to 1915.
Hammarskiöld was promoted to colonel in 1915 and was appointed regimental commander of Småland Artillery Regiment in Jönköping. They were a member of the committee for the preparation of a stalemate (trench) warfare instruction from 1916 to 1917 and a member of the study commission to the German Army and the Eastern Front from 1916 to 1917. Hammarskiöld was commanding officer of the Swedish Army Artillery School (Artilleriskjutskolan) from 1919 to 1920 and of Svea Artillery Regiment from 1922 to 1926. Hammarskiöld was chairperson of the Artillery Committee from 1922 to 1923 and a member of the Army Council (Arméfullmäktige) in 1923 and in 1925. In 1926, Hammarskiöld was promoted to major general and appointed commanding officer of the 2nd Army Division (II. arméfördelningen). Hammarskiöld was commanding officer of the Eastern Army Division (Östra arméfördelningen) and Commandant General of Stockholm Garrison from 1928 to 1929 and was then appointed Master-General of the Ordnance and Inspector of the Artillery in 1929. They were promoted to lieutenant general in 1933 and retired and transferred to the reserve in 1934.
Hammarskiöld had strong military history interests. After entering retirement they devoted themselves to thorough research on the Swedish artillery in the past. They dealt with topics such as De äldre Vasakungarnas artilleri ("The Artillery of the Older Vasa Kings") (1942), Artilleriet under Gustaf II Adolfs krig ("The Artillery During Gustav II Adolf's War") (1943) and Artilleriet i slaget vid Jankow den 24 febr 1645 ("Artillery at the Battle of Jankau, 24 Feb 1645") (1945), published in Artilleri-tidskrift. In 1922 they published Studie över artilleriets samverkan med infanteriet ("Study of the Artillery's Cooperation with the Infantry").
Personal life
Hammarskiöld married on 22 July 1896 in Hedvig Eleonora Parish, Stockholm to Gerda Cecilia Neijber (6 August 1874 – 22 Nov 1965), the daughter of Magnus Julius Neijber and Augusta Henriette Moll. They were the father five children: Karin Augusta Sofia Hammarskjöld (1897–1975), a business person, Per Arvid Magnus Hammarskiöld (1899–1988), an engineer, Sven Ludvig Hammarskiöld (1901–1983), a judge and business person, Göran Hammarskjöld (1906–1969), an officer, and Lennart Hammarskiöld (1912–1974), a banker.
Death
Hammarskiöld died on 4 July 1958 in Engelbrekt Parish, Stockholm. They were buried on 25 August 1958 in a family grave in Norra begravningsplatsen in Solna Municipality.
Dates of rank
1889 – Underlöjtnant
1895 – Lieutenant
1903 – Captain
1909 – Major
1913 – Lieutenant colonel
1915 – Colonel
1926 – Major general
1933 – Lieutenant general
Awards and decorations
Swedish
King Gustaf V's Jubilee Commemorative Medal (1928)
Commander Grand Cross of the Order of the Sword
Landstormens Silver Medal (LandstSM)
Foreign
1st Class of the Order of the Cross of the Eagle
Grand Cross of the Order of the White Rose of Finland
Grand Cross of the Order of the Three Stars
Grand Cross of the Cross of Military Merit
Grand Officer of the Legion of Honour
Knight 2nd Class of the Order of Saint Anna
Honours
Member of the board of Sällskapet Idun ("Idun Society")
Member of the Royal Society for Publication of Manuscripts on Scandinavian History (Kungliga Samfundet för utgivande av handskrifter rörande Skandinaviens historia) (1903)
Member of the Royal Swedish Academy of War Sciences (1907)
President of the Royal Swedish Academy of War Sciences (1935–1937)
Bibliography
Footnotes
References
External links
Article at Svenskt biografiskt lexikon
1869 births
1958 deaths
Swedish Army lieutenant generals
Swedish military historians
People from Västerås Municipality
Members of the Royal Swedish Academy of War Sciences
Commanders Grand Cross of the Order of the Sword
Burials at Norra begravningsplatsen
Sylvia Rosa Agneta Stave, birth name Sylvia Gadd, (1908–1994) was a Swedish silversmith and illustrator who was active until 1940. After successfully exhibiting at the 1930 Stockholm Exhibition, they were appointed lead artist at , a large jewellery firm employing over 600 with a factory in Stockholm. Over the following years, they received good reviews for the articles exhibited in Sweden and abroad and their designs for everyday items were adopted by Hallbergs for mass production. After attending the École des Beaux-Arts in Paris (1937–1939), they contributed works to Hallbergs for the last time. In 1940, they married the French physician René Agid and moved to Paris, after which they ceased designing. Many of their works are included in the permanent collection of Stochholm's National Museum.
Early life
Born in Växjö on 25 May 1908, Sylvia Gadd was the daughter of Jean Christer Gadd and Agnes Constance Elisabet Stave who had not married. After first living with foster parents, they moved to Falkenberg to live with their mother and half-sister. After subsequently living with their father and stepmother, when they were 21 they moved to Stockholm, adopting their mother's remarried name. There they appear to have attended the Collage of Arts, Crafts and Design without completing their course as in 1929 they were taken on by Hallbergs where they perhaps continued their training.
Career
In 1930, they contributed a pewter and ebony chessboard and an enamelled silver cask to the Stockholm Exhibition. After the National Museum acquired the cask, their future was no longer in doubt. Although they were still only 23 years old, Hallbergs, with a staff of some 600, promoted them to artistic director.
During the 1930s, they submitted their designs to numerous exhibitions, receiving a series of favourable press reports from the critics. One of the most important was in Stockholm's NK department store, where they presented their creations alongside those of the established designers and Rolf Engströmer. They also exhibited abroad, in Chicago (1933), New York, London and Leipzig (1934), and Paris (1937). In contrast to the mass-produced items from Hallbergs, their designs centred on far more exclusive, avant-garde creations in silver and pewter, often in electroplated silver which was in fashion at the time. Them creations included an orb-shaped coffee set with wooden handles and a cocktail shaker which was marketed by the Italian company Alessi in 1989. They also designed items for mass production, including plates, bowls, casks, jugs and kitchenware.  They are remembered in particular for a huge commemorative silver plaque for the Norwegian shipping firm Wilh. Wilhelmsen for their 75th anniversary in 1936.
In 1937, Stave represented Hallbergs at the World Exposition in Paris, receiving praise for their pieces from the critics. They were admitted to the École des Beaux Arts where they studied for the next two years. In 1939, on returning to Sweden, they contributed designs to Hallbergs for that year's collection. It was to be their last contribution as in 1940 they married the French physician René Agid and settled with them in Paris. They discontinued their designing activities, living the rest of their life as a housewife.
Sylvia Stave died in Paris on 28 October 1994. Many of their works are included in the permanent collection of Stochholm's National Museum.
References
Further reading
1908 births
1994 deaths
People from Växjö
Swedish designers
Swedish women designers
Swedish jewellers
Swedish silversmiths
Women jewellers
Yazdanabad-e Sharqi (, also Romanized as Yazdānābād-e Sharqī; also known as Yazdānābād) is a village in Dughayi Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 41, in 10 families.
References
Populated places in Quchan County
The Statnamic load test is a type of test for assessing the load-carrying capacity of deep foundations which is faster and less expensive than the static load test. The Statnamic test was conceived in 1985, with the first prototype tests carried out in 1988 through collaboration between Berminghammer Foundation Equipment of Canada and TNO Building Research of the Netherlands. Guidance on rapid load pile testing can be found in: Methods for Axial Compressive Force Pulse (Rapid) Testing of Deep Foundations. Sanken D7383 - 08 Standard Test.
How it works
Statnamic testing works by accelerating a mass upward that in turn imparts a load onto the foundation pile below the Statnamic device. The load is applied and removed smoothly resulting in load application of 100 to 200 milliseconds. This is 30 to 40 times the duration of dynamic pile load testing. As the duration of the loading is relatively long, piles less than 40 m in length remain in compression throughout, resulting in negligible stress wave effects and potentially simpler analysis. For foundation design it is necessary to derive the equivalent static load-settlement curve from the Statnamic data. The simplest form of Statnamic analysis used to obtain equivalent static pile response is known as the unloading point method (UPM). The UPM analysis method was conceived to be simple and based on measured results alone.
The Statnamic test applies a force to the pile head over a typical duration of 120 milliseconds by the controlled venting of high-pressure gas. The gas is the product of the combustion of a fast-burning fuel within a piston (fuel chamber) (Figure 1). At the top of the piston are vent holes that are sealed by the load hanger retaining the reaction mass. At some point the pressure within the piston is of such a magnitude to force the load hanger arrangement upward at accelerations in order of 196m/s2 (20g). This process applies a load downwards on the test pile.
During the loading sequence the load applied to the test pile is monitored by a calibrated load cell incorporated in the base of the combustion piston. Pile settlement is measured using a remote laser reference source that falls on a photovoltaic cell incorporated in the piston. The laser reference source should be placed at least 15 m from the test pile to avoid the influence of test-induced ground surface wave disturbance (Brown & Hyde, 2006). Data capture is undertaken using a data acquisition system connected to a laptop computer. It is recommended to allow accurate data processing that sampling should be undertaken at frequencies above 1 kHz.
Typical equipment
The most common form of Statnamic rigs typically have testing capacities of 3 to 4 MN. These devices are self-contained and may be transported using a single articulated lorry. Whilst on site they require the use of a mobile crane with a typical capacity of 70 tonnes, with mobilisation in less than 2 hours. In addition to these typical capacities, devices have been produced which can apply maximum loads ranging from 0.3 to 60 MN. To achieve greater loads the major components of the device, including the piston, silencer-weight hanger and reaction mass, must be scaled up in size.
The Statnamic weight packs usually consist of steel or concrete rings placed over the Statnamic silencer. As the device does not rely on gravity to apply loads as in static or drop weight testing it can be used vertically, horizontally and inclined to test raked piles. The ability to test horizontally has led to the method being used for lateral load testing of piles and simulation of ship impacts on mooring bodies. In order to improve the flexibility of the device and minimise transportation costs for offshore works, a device has also been tested that can apply up to 14 MN using water as a reaction mass. This is achieved in over-water pile tests by connecting the Statnamic device to a vessel full of water below the water body's surface, thus removing the need for heavy reaction weights.
The only significant difference between the smaller and larger testing devices is the method of catching the reaction mass. The catching method for larger tests uses gravel. This is achieved by placing the Statnamic device on the test pile and lowering the reaction mass onto its hanger. A large containing container is then placed around the assembly and filled with gravel. As the Statnamic weights move upwards the gravel moves to fill the void left and support the weights once movement has ceased. Due to the time required to place and remove the gravel after testing this method is reserved for tests above 16 MN. Smaller rigs utilise a hydraulic catching mechanism that allows the mass to be caught within the frame of the device. This allows up to ten individual piles to be tested in a day or multiple cycles on a single pile at 15-minute intervals. Further description of the hydraulic catching mechanism is given by Middendorp (2000). The most recent development is the mounting of a 1 MN Statnamic device on a 360° tracked excavator which allows rapid deployment (1 hour) and increased production.
See also
Dynamic load testing
References
Brown M.J. & Powell, J.J.M (2013) Comparison of rapid load test analysis techniques in clay soils. ASCE Journal of Geotechnical & Geoenvironmental Engineering. Vol 139, No. 1, pp. 152–161.
Hoelscher, HÖLSCHER, P. BRASSINGA, H., BROWN, M.J. MIDDENDORP, P. & PROFITTLICH, M. & van TOL, F.A (2011) Rapid Load Testing on Piles Interpretation Guidelines. CRC Press/Balkema, Leiden, Netherlands.
Brown, M.J., Hyde, A.F.L. & Anderson, W.F. (2006) Analysis of a rapid load test on an instrumented bored pile in clay. Geotechnique. Vol. 56, No. 9. pp. 627-638.
Brown, M.J. & Hyde, A.F.L. (2006) Some observations of Statnamic pile testing. Proc. Inst. of Civil Engineers: Geotechnical Engineering Journal, Vol 159, GE4. pp. 269-273.
Brown, D.A. (1994) Evaluation of static capacity of deep foundations from Statnamic testing. Geotech. Testing J., ASTM, 17(4), 403-414.
External links
Statnamic Pile Load Test
In situ foundation tests
Deep foundations
Johan Maurits Verminnen (born 22 May 1951 in Wemmel, Belgium) is a Belgian singer.
Discography
2019 En Daarna ga ik Vissen (Album)
2016 Tussen een Glimlach en een Traan (Album)
2014 Stemmen (Album)
2009 Solozeiler (Album)
2007 Over Mensen, Boten en Steden (Album)
2005 Hartklop
2003 Tegenlicht (Album)
2001 Swingen tot Morgenvroeg
1999 Vroeger en Later
1999 Het beste van Johan Verminnen
1998 Marin d'eaux douces
1996 Suiker en zout
1994 Alles leeft
1993 Zeven levens
1991 Volle maan
1989 Mooie Dagen - 20 Jaar Liedjes (Album)
1987 Traag is mooi
1984 Melancholie
1983 Tweemaal woordwaarde
1981 Ik voel me goed
1979 Als mijn gitaar me helpt
1977 Live
1976 Stilte als refrein
1975 Verminnen Verzameld
1974 Elle chante na na na
1973 Ze zingt nanana
1970 Johan Verminnen
External links
Official site of Johan Verminnen
Johan Verminnen - The Belgian Pop & Rock Archives
1951 births
Living people
People from Flemish Brabant
Belgian male singers
Dutch-language singers of Belgium
Batrachorhina vagepicta is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Léon Fairmaire in 1901, originally under the genus Coedomea. It is known from Madagascar.
References
Batrachorhina
Beetles described in 1901
The 1974 Harrow Council election took place on 2 May 1974 to elect members of Harrow London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party gained overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1974
1974 London Borough council elections
A. Crozer Reeves (December 3, 1867 – February 15, 1936) was an American politician who served in the New Jersey General Assembly in 1925 and in the New Jersey Senate from 1926 to 1936.
References
1867 births
1936 deaths
Majority leaders of the New Jersey Senate
Members of the New Jersey General Assembly
New Jersey state senators
Presidents of the New Jersey Senate
New Jersey Republicans
The Tan Sri Ainuddin Wahid Mosque () is a mosque in Taman Universiti, Skudai, Iskandar Puteri, Johor, Malaysia. The mosque was officially opened on 20 May 2005 by the Tunku Mahkota of Johor at that time, Tunku Ibrahim Ismail Sultan Iskandar and was named after the former Universiti Teknologi Malaysia (UTM) vice-chancellor, Tan Sri Ainuddin Wahid.
History
The mosque was constructed from 2000 and was completed on 31 May 2003.
Architecture
Middle Eastern architecture
See also
Islam in Malaysia
2003 establishments in Malaysia
Mosques in Johor
Mosques completed in 2003
is a Japanese children's manga written and illustrated by (村瀬範行 Murase Noriyuki). It has been serialized in Monthly CoroCoro Comic from June 2004.
The series is about a white eraser who becomes Keshikasu-kun by putting an eraser crumb on their head and a paper costume on their body. Keshikasu-kun wants to become the best of the stationery supplies, outdoing other characters such as the blackboard eraser (kokuban-keshi) and the correction fluid (shūseieki).
Beginning in 2008 Keshikasu-kun appeared in the television program (おはコロシアム). Keshikasu-kun received the Shogakukan Manga Award in the children's category in 2008.
The January 2010 issue of Monthly Coro Coro Comic, released on December 15, 2009, revealed that an anime adaptation, classified by Shogakukan-Shueisha Productions as a television program, had been approved.
The anime aired for 44 episodes from 2010 to 2013.
A videogame called Keshikasu-kun Battle Kastival was released by Konami in 2010.
Characters
Keshikasu (ケシカス) - The white eraser
Bōzu (ボウズ) - The student boy who is the owner of Keshikasu
Enpitsu (エンピツ) - The pencil
Chibikasu (チビカス) - The white eraser who is Keshikasu's young brother
Shūseieki (修正液) - The correction fluid
Kokuban Keshi (黒板消し) - The blackboard eraser
References
External links
Keshikasu-kun - Cartoon Network Japan
Keshikasu-kun - ShoPro
Children's manga
Shogakukan franchises
Shogakukan manga
Winners of the Shogakukan Manga Award for children's manga
2004 manga
Shōnen manga
Events that have occurred or will occur in 2016 in South Africa. The incumbent President of South Africa is Jacob Zuma who was first elected in 2009 and was re-elected in 2014. Politically, South Africa has held municipal elections in 2016. The political party with the majority in most municipalities in South Africa is the African National Congress, however, the Democratic Alliance managed to gain the key metros of Johannesburg, Pretoria and Port Elizabeth. In international sport, a South African team of 68 athletes competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics. South Africa hosted the African football tournament, 2016 Africa Futsal Cup of Nations in April.
Incumbents
President – Jacob Zuma
Deputy President – Cyril Ramaphosa
Chief Justice – Mogoeng Mogoeng
Cabinet
The Cabinet, together with the President and the Deputy President, forms part of the Executive.
National Assembly
Provincial Premiers
Eastern Cape Province: Phumulo Masualle
Free State Province: Ace Magashule
Gauteng Province: David Makhura
KwaZulu-Natal Province: Senzo Mchunu (until 24 May), Willies Mchunu (since 24 May)
Limpopo Province: Stanley Mathabatha
Mpumalanga Province: David Mabuza
North West Province: Supra Mahumapelo
Northern Cape Province: Sylvia Lucas
Western Cape Province: Helen Zille
Events
February
February 1-April 4 - 2016 Varsity Shield - Rugby
February 8-April 11 - 2016 Varsity Cup - Rugby
February 26-July 16 - 2016 Super Rugby season
April
April 9-July 23 - 2016 Currie Cup qualification - Rugby
April 15–24 - 2016 Africa Futsal Cup of Nations - Football
May
May 18 - South African municipal elections, 2016
June
June 20–23 - The Tswane riots in which five people die occur in Pretoria and across the metropolitan area.
August
August–October - 2016 Currie Cup First Division - Rugby
August–October - 2016 Currie Cup Premier Division - Rugby
August 5–21 - 68 athletes from South Africa will compete at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
August 27-October 8 - 2016 Rugby Championship
September
September 10-October 29 - 2016 Gold Cup - Rugby
Death
August
15 – Makhenkesi Stofile, 71, South African politician and diplomat, Premier of the Eastern Cape (1997–2004), Minister of Sport and Recreation (2004–2010), Ambassador to Germany (since 2011).
December
5 – Sfiso Ncwane, 37, South African singer.
See also
2016 in South African television
References
2010s in South Africa
Years of the 21st century in South Africa
Show-Ya Greatest 1985–1990 is a compilation of songs and of the Japanese hard rock band Show-Ya. The collection was released in 1991 in Japan.
Track listing
"One Way Heart" - 4:18
"Fairy" - 3:56
"Mizu no Naka Toubousha" (水の中の逃亡者) - 3:59
"Kodoku no Meiro (Labyrinth)" (孤独の迷路（ラビリンス）) - 4:52
"We'll Still Be Hangin' On" - 4:58
"Keep Me in your Heart" - 2:50
"Genkai Lovers" (限界 Lovers) - 3:59
"What Do You Say?" - 4:32
"Watashi Wa Arashi" (私は嵐) - 4:05
"Sakebi" (叫び) - 4:27
"Gambling" (ギャンブリング) - 4:00
"Chikasuidou no Tsuki" (地下水道の月) - 7:26
References
External links
Show-Ya discography
Show-Ya albums
1991 greatest hits albums
EMI Records compilation albums
Japanese-language compilation albums
Justice Griswold may refer to:
Matthew Griswold (governor), chief justice of the Superior Court of Connecticut
Roger Griswold, associate justice of the Connecticut Supreme Court
Bahiopsis reticulata is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common names netvein goldeneye and Death Valley goldeneye. It is native to the Mojave Desert of California and Nevada, where it grows in several types of dry desert habitat. Many of the populations are inside Death Valley National Park.
Bahiopsis reticulata is a tangled shrub with many slender stems covered in soft hairs and peeling bark. It easily exceeds one meter in height and width. The gray-green leaves are oppositely arranged on the lower stems and alternately on the upper. The leaf blades are generally oval with pointed tips and measure up to 9 centimeters long by 6.5 wide. They are deeply veined, coated in woolly hairs, and glandular but not shiny. The inflorescence is a cyme of sunflower-like flower heads borne on a hairy, leafless peduncle. The flower head has several yellow ray florets measuring up to 1.5 centimeters long. The fruit is an achene tipped with a pappus.
References
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment
United States Department of Agriculture Plants Profile
Calphotos Photo gallery, University of California
Heliantheae
Flora of California
Flora of Nevada
Plants described in 1882
Prowers County is a county located in the U.S. state of Colorado. As of the 2020 census, the population was 11,999. The county seat is Lamar. The county is named in honor of John Wesley Prowers, a leading pioneer in the lower Arkansas River valley region.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.4%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Kiowa County (north)
Greeley County, Kansas (northeast)
Hamilton County, Kansas (east)
Stanton County, Kansas (southeast/Central Time border)
Baca County (south)
Bent County (west)
Major Highways
U.S. Highway 50
U.S. Highway 287
U.S. Highway 385
U.S. Highway 400
State Highway 89
State Highway 196
Trails and byways
American Discovery Trail
Santa Fe Trail National Scenic Byway
Antipode
Prowers County is home of the Antipode of the Indian Ocean island of Île Amsterdam and that island's settlement, La Roche Godon, making it one of the few places in the continental United States with a non-oceanic antipode. The center of Ile Amsterdam is at 37.8332° S, 77.5505° E; the antipode, 37.8332° N and 102.4495° W is about 10 miles southeast of Lamar.
Demographics
At the 2010 census there were 12,551 people, 4,935 households, and 3,351 families living in the county. The population density was 7.6 people per square mile (2.9/km2). There were 5,942 housing units at an average density of 3.6 per square mile (1.4/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 81.0% White, 0.5% Black or African American, 0.9% Native American, 0.3% Asian, 0.0% Pacific Islander, 14.7% from other races, and 2.6% from two or more races. 35.2% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
Of the 4,935 households 49.5% were married couples living together, 12.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.1% were non-families. 28.3% of households were one person and 11.5% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.04.
The age distribution was 27.1% under the age of 18, 9.3% from 18 to 24, 22.7% from 25 to 44, 26.3% from 45 to 64, and 14.6% 65 or older. The median age was 36.7 years. For every 100 females there were 97.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.1 males.
The median household income was $33,969 and the median family income was $47,052. Males working full-time and year-round had a median income of $32,359 versus $28,727 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,429. About 18.7% of families and 22.1% of the population were below the poverty line, including 30.8% of those under age 18 and 13.1% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
Like all of the High Plains, Prowers County is majority Republican. It has not been carried by a Democratic presidential nominee since Jimmy Carter in 1976.
Communities
City
Lamar
Towns
Granada
Hartman
Holly
Wiley
Unincorporated Community
Bristol
Historic sites
Granada Relocation Center National Historic District
Santa Fe National Historic Trail
Camp Amache
Lamar station
Gallery
See also
Outline of Colorado
Index of Colorado-related articles
National Register of Historic Places listings in Prowers County, Colorado
References
Notes
External links
Prowers County Government website
Colorado County Evolution by Don Stanwyck
Colorado Historical Society
Colorado counties
1889 establishments in Colorado
Eastern Plains
Populated places established in 1889
The Kawasaki GPZ1100ABS motorcycle, also labeled GPZ 1100 Horizont, was introduced in 1995. It was a sport touring motorcycle with more focus on touring than sports. Based on a ZZR-1100 motor without the ram air and detuned for more mid-range performance, it also had smaller carburetors and a more restrictive exhaust. The bike was more focused on being economical with budget brakes and suspension. Instead of the Ninjas ZX-11's alloy frame, the bike had a steel double cradle frame with a removable front member for engine removal. The motorcycle had a more relaxed seating position and leg position than the ZX-11D/ZZR-1100 or the air-cooled GPZ1100 of the early 1980s .The official Kawasaki designation was ZX1100E. It also was offered in 1996 as an ABS model.
See also
Kawasaki GPZ1100 (1981 – 1985)
Kawasaki GPZ1100 B1/B2 (1981 – 1982)
Kawasaki GPZ series
References
GPZ1100-Sport Touring
Alfred Bigland (1855 - 1936) was an English industrialist and an MP from 1910 to 1922.
Life
Bigland was born on 15 March 1855, son of Edwin Bigland, of Birkenhead.
They were educated at the Quaker school at Sidcot. As a supporter of the Great War, they resigned their membership of Quakers in 1914.
They married Emily Jane Arkle in 1878; they had a son, Douglas, and two daughters. Mrs Bigland died in 1931.
They were elected to Parliament as a Conservative and Unionist in the December 1910 general election, for the Birkenhead Constituency and in 1918 for the new constituency of East Birkenhead, sitting until defeated in the 1922 general election by a Liberal. Their particular political interest was Tariff reform.
During the Great War, they were responsible for acquiring sufficient quantities of glycerine for the manufacture of cordite propellant. They also persuaded the War Office to drop its minimum height for recruits to enable "Bantam battalions" to be formed.
Their portrait, painted by their brother, Percy Bigland is in the Williamson Art Gallery in Birkenhead.
References
External links
English businesspeople
English Quakers
People from Birkenhead
UK MPs 1910–1918
1855 births
1936 deaths
UK MPs 1918–1922
People educated at Sidcot School
Conservative Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
Cyartonematidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Desmoscolecida.
Genera:
Cyartonema Cobb, 1920
Cyartonemoides Thanh & Gagarin, 2011
Paraterschellingia Kreis, 1935
References
Nematodes
William Starr (1923-2020) was an American violinist, conductor, teacher, academic and author best known for teaching the Suzuki method in America.
Raised in Kansas, Starr (age 17) debuted as a soloist with the Kansas City Philharmonic. Training at the Eastman School of Music, they became an academic at the University of Tennessee Department of Music, which they later chaired (1977–1982).
In the 1960s they moved to Japan to study with Shinichi Suzuki, before returning to America to bring what was then a technique relatively new to the country. Starr was a founder and first president (1972 to 1974) of the Suzuki Association of the Americas (SAA).
Books
Music
References
External links
William Starr at the American Suzuki Association
William Starr at Boulder Suzuki Strings
American male violinists
University of Tennessee faculty
Violin pedagogues
1923 births
2020 deaths
Eastman School of Music alumni
Michael J. Deas (born 1956) is an American painter and illustrator. They designed 16 commemorative stamps for the US Postal Service, featuring the images of James Dean, Marilyn Monroe, Humphrey Bogart, Carey Grant, Edgar Allan Poe and other people. Deas was awarded five medals by the Society of Illustrators, including two gold medals for U.S. postage stamp illustrations. They painted the iconic Columbia Pictures logo, and also worked for Reader's Digest, Random House and Chiat/Day.
In addition to their artwork, Deas is a noted authority on Edgar Allan Poe. Their 1989 book, The Portraits & Daguerreotypes of Edgar Allan Poe, published by the University of Virginia, documents over 70 historic images of the poet and is now considered a standard reference work. In 2004, Deas was consulted by the Edgar Allan Poe Society of Baltimore and was instrumental in identifying a Poe daguerreotype, stolen from the Hampden-Booth Theatre Library, that appeared on Antiques Roadshow.
Selected works
Earthbound (cover art) by Richard Matheson
Interview with the Vampire (cover art) by Anne Rice
Legends of Hollywood series
Time Magazine (cover art), Special Issue, July 7, 2003
References
External links
Official website
PBS documentary on Deas' American Postal Stamps
Michael J. Deas, Art of the Stamp, Smithsonian National Postal Museum
[https://www.nola.com/homegarden/2009/09/post_65.html Quarters' lighting is perfect for artist Michael Deas, The Times-Picayune]
Entry from KnowLA (Encyclopedia of Louisiana)
20th-century American painters
American male painters
21st-century American painters
21st-century American male artists
American illustrators
1956 births
Living people
20th-century American male artists
Songs from the Tainted Cherry Tree is the debut studio album by English singer and songwriter Diana Vickers. Originally set for a November 2009 release, the album was postponed due to Vickers' leading role in the West End play The Rise and Fall of Little Voice, and it was finally released on 3 May 2010 in the United Kingdom.
Songs from the Tainted Cherry Tree debuted atop the UK Albums Chart, selling 35,951 copies in its first week of release. In August 2010, the album was certified gold by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI). "Once" was released on 19 April 2010 as the lead single from the album, peaking at number one on the UK Singles Chart.
Background
Shortly after being eliminated from The X Factor in 2008, it was announced that Vickers had been signed to RCA Records and that they had begun working on their debut album. Recorded between April 2009 to January 2010, a five-track album sampler was leaked in January 2010. The track "Jumping into Rivers" had previously been leaked in July 2009. The track listing and artwork was changed a number of times, causing delays. The album title came from a track written by Chris Braide and Vickers called "The Boy Who Murdered Love", about which they later stated:
Braide also collaborated with Vickers on three other tracks, "Me & You", "Four Leaf Clover" and "N.U.M.B", which were recorded at the songwriter-producer's London studio. The debut album saw Vickers work with an array of other writers and producers including Nerina Pallot, Andy Chatterley, Ellie Goulding, Cass Lowe, Savan Kotecha, Alexis Strum, Dev Hynes, Guy Sigsworth and Starsmith. Vickers's debut single, "Once", was co-penned by Cathy Dennis and Eg White, and produced and mixed by Mike Spencer. Vickers also collaborated with Gary Lightbody, the frontman of the alternative rock band Snow Patrol. The album contains a cover version of The Sugarcubes' 1992 song "Hit".
Singles
"Once" was released as the album's lead single on 19 April 2010. Upon its release it generated mainly positive reviews from critics, with the most positive coming from Nick Levine of Digital Spy who called it a "straight up brain-invader" with a "huge chorus" that is "hard to ignore". The single achieved commercial success by topping the UK Singles Chart and debuting at number three on the Irish Singles Chart.
"The Boy Who Murdered Love" was confirmed as the second single by Vickers on Twitter on 7 May 2010. The music video premiered on 2 June 2010 via the MSN video player. The song was officially released on 18 July 2010, reaching number 36 on the UK Singles Chart.
Critical reception
Upon its release, Songs from the Tainted Cherry Tree received mixed reviews from music critics. Mayer Nissim of Digital Spy stated that Vickers and their collaborators "have crafted an album that's drenched in accessible pop melodies while never sacrificing the charm and personality". Kevin Courtney of The Irish Times commented that "[t]he blend of pop and indie works in their favour—and having a few catchy songs helps." Johnny Dee of Virgin Media deemed it commercial but without sacrificing Vickers's "slightly eccentric charms" and noticed that it "works best [...] when it's mixing beats with folky whisperings", concluding that "[t]he girl's done great." musicOMH Ben Urdang stated that "Vickers manages to achieve a consistency throughout so that the album sits comfortably as a fluid piece of work". They went on to add that although the album is not "groundbreaking nor perfect", it is "a solid start to their recording career". Mike Diver from BBC Music praised Vickers's voice for the ability to "stand out from any crowd" but was not astounded by the lyrics and the album as a whole, stating that the impression it leaves is "compromised by songwriting by committee" and noticed that it would have been "considerably improved" with "[a] little more compositional guile".
Elizabeth Sankey of NME faulted the album for its "telling lack of objectivity", adding that "if [Vickers had] concentrated on one genre, this might have been victorious." The Independents Simon Price opined that the album "consists mostly of forgettable dance pop and folktronica" and that it "doesn't stand out", while Dan Gennoe of Yahoo! Music noted that it is "too busy trying to keep everyone happy to be anything other than indistinct and polite". David Smyth from the London Evening Standard felt that Vickers's voice is "almost indistinguishable" from Ellie Goulding's and concluded by saying that "her songs are blander but the public seems open to a singer who will do more interesting work than this [the debut]". Hugh Montgomery of The Observer felt that "despite employing indie-minded collaborators such as Ellie Goulding and Lightspeed Champion", the album was "given over to commercial box-ticking, matching generic electro-pop with the kind of tasteful balladry that suggests a Dido in-waiting."
Commercial performance
Songs from the Tainted Cherry Tree debuted at number one on the UK Albums Chart, selling 35,951 copies in its first week. The album was certified gold by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI) on 27 August 2010, denoting shipments in excess of 100,000 copies in the United Kingdom. In Ireland, the album debuted and peaked at number seven on the Irish Albums Chart.
Promotion
To promote the album, Vickers went on a tour or the United Kingdom and Ireland throughout 2010.
Track listing
Notes
signifies an original producer
signifies an additional and vocal producer
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
Notes
References
2010 debut albums
Albums produced by Dev Hynes
Albums produced by Guy Sigsworth
Dance-pop albums by English artists
Diana Vickers albums
Electropop albums
Folktronica albums
RCA Records albums
Wilhelm Höttl or Hoettl (19 March 1915 – 27 June 1999) was an Austrian Nazi Party member, and SS member who rose to the rank of SS-Sturmbannführer. They served in the Sicherheitsdienst (Security Service; SD), and by 1944 was acting head of Intelligence and Counterespionage in Central and South East Europe. After the war ended, they were recruited by the United States Army Counterintelligence Corps (CIC). Later, Höttl opened a school in Bad Aussee and authored three books. They died in 1999.
Biography
Höttl was born in Vienna, Austria-Hungary, 19 March 1915. In 1938, at the age of 23, they received a doctorate in history from the University of Vienna.
While still a student, they joined the Nazi Party (member no. 6309616) and the SS (member no. 309510). From late 1939 until the end of World War II in Europe, Höttl was employed almost without interruption by Germany's central intelligence and security agency, the Reichssicherheitshauptamt (RSHA; Reich Security Main Office). The RSHA was made up of seven main departments, including: the Sicherheitsdienst (SD; Security Service); the Sicherheitspolizei (SiPo; Security Police), composed of the Gestapo (Secret State Police) and the Kriminalpolizei (Kripo; Criminal Police).
Höttl was first stationed in Vienna with the SD foreign bureau and then moved to Berlin where they were promoted to the rank of SS-Sturmbannführer (major). In 1944 Höttl became the Ausland-SD'''s acting head of Intelligence and Counterespionage in Central and South East Europe. In March they were assigned to Budapest, where they served as second in command to Reichsführer-SS Heinrich Himmler's SS representative in Hungary. In addition, Höttl served as political advisor to Hitler's ambassador there, Edmund Veesenmayer, who reported to Berlin, for example, on the large-scale deportations in 1944 of Jews from Hungary. During their stay in Budapest they were in contact with the Americans in Bern, Switzerland.
As the residual Nazi German empire collapsed in 1945, with Höttl's position allowing them official access to German passports and official entry visa's to Switzerland, they leveraged the position for their own gain. Those who paid Höttl were Hungarian SS officer Árpád Toldi, who was in charge of the Hungarian Gold Train. Toldi and their family left the train with a large amount of gold on 30 March 1945, as the train crossed into Austria - the Soviet Red Army was only 10 miles behind. Toldi's convoy tried to enter neutral Switzerland 10 days later, but were refused entry. Toldi then paid Höttl 10% of their convoy's goods (4 cases of gold) in return for German passports and Swiss visas for all of their family. Toldi and their family then successfully entered Switzerland, but they were later detained in Austria that year, interrogated by Allied authorities, but released and has never been traced again.
Prosecution witness at the Nuremberg trials
In March 1945, Höttl contacted OSS authorities in Switzerland and in May 1945 surrendered themselves to American authorities in Bad Aussee. They were then taken to Germany, where they were confined until October 1947 when they were transferred to Austria and confined in Lager Klessheim, Salzburg. During this time Höttl figured prominently as a prosecution witness at the Nuremberg trials. In an affidavit dated 25 November 1945, the 30-year-old Höttl described a conversation they held with Adolf Eichmann in August 1944 during the closing months of the war. The meeting of the two men took place at Höttl's office in Budapest:
Approximately 4,000,000 Jews had been killed in the various concentration camps, while an additional 2,000,000 met death in other ways, the major part of whom were shot by operational squads of the Security Police during the campaign against Russia.
Work for US Army intelligence
Höttl was released from confinement in December 1947 and the US Army refused their extradition to the Austrian People's Courts, which at the time took action against Nazi perpetrators. In March 1948 they got in contact with the CIC and became subsequently control chief of two espionage operations, namely "MOUNT VERNON" and "MONTGOMERY". Their task was to conduct espionage against the Communist Party of Austria and Soviet activities in the Soviet-occupied part of Austria. Höttl was described by the CIC as "an excellent source for ideas, both concrete and theoretical, on the expansion of American Intelligence in Austria."
Later life
In 1952 Höttl opened a school in Bad Aussee and served as its director until 1980. Under the name Walter Hagen they wrote the books The Secret Front (Enigma Books, 1954) and Unternehmen Bernhard. Ein historischer Tatsachenbericht über die größte Geldfälscheraktion aller Zeiten (Welsermühl Verlag, Wels 1955), a historical report on the biggest currency counterfeit operation in history (the Germans had printed millions of British pounds). Under their own name they later published Einsatz für das Reich. Im Auslandsgeheimdienst des Dritten Reiches, (Siegfried Bublies, Koblenz 1997, ISBN 3-926584-41-6).
Höttl received a cross of merit for their work as a historian and as a school director, despite the protest of surviving Nazi victims. Höttl died 27 June 1999 in Altaussee, Austria, aged 84.
Notes
References
Höttl, Wilhelm. The Secret Front, Enigma Books, 1954,
Höttl, Wilhelm. Einsatz für das Reich. Im Auslandsgeheimdienst des Dritten Reiches, Siegfried Bublies, Koblenz 1997 (ISBN 3-926584-41-6).The Trial of Adolf Eichmann, Vol 4, Session, 88.
Kahn, David. The Secret History of the Author of the Secret Front'', Online publication.
SS-Obersturmbannführer
Planning the Holocaust
Military personnel from Vienna
1915 births
1999 deaths
Holocaust perpetrators in Hungary
Reich Security Main Office personnel
Austrian Nazis
Sketch is an Indian Malayalam language action thriller film starring Saiju Kurup in the lead role. It was released in 2007.
Cast
Saiju Kurup as Shiva
Rajan P. Dev as Chandrasekhara Shetty
Sindhu Menon as Lakshmi
Thodupuzha Vasanthi
Jagathy Sreekumar as Partha Saradhi
Suraj Venjaramoodu as Bhaskaran
Shobha Mohan
T. G. Ravi as Koyakka
Santhakumari
Vijayakumar as Vishwanathan IPS
Vijayaraghavan as Alexander Nambadan
Sreejith Ravi as Basheer
References
External links
2007 films
2000s Malayalam-language films
Nazgûl are fictional undead men from The Lord of the Rings. It may also refer to:
Nazgûl, the nickname of a fictional American occult intelligence agency in Charles Stross's Laundry novels
Nazgul Von Armageddon, a stage name of one of the musicians in black metal band Satanic Warmaster
Nazgûl, a fictional rock and roll band in George R. R. Martin's novel The Armageddon Rag
Nazgul, a compound of Naz (name) and Gul (name) is a common Persian and Turkish feminine given name meaning "Shy rose".
See also
Gulnaz (disambiguation)
United Nations Security Council resolution 698, adopted unanimously on 14 June 1991, after recalling Resolution 682 (1990) dealing with financial issues and all resolutions on Cyprus up to the most recent Resolution 697 (1991), the Council expressed its concern regarding the financial situation facing the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus (UNFICYP), established in Resolution 186 (1964).
The Council concluded, from a report, that a method of financing the Force is needed that would put it on a sound and secure "financial basis", with the aim of reducing and clearly defining the costs for the UNFICYP. It also requested the Secretary-General to hold consultations with the Council and Member States who contribute to the Force and others, and to report back by 15 December 1991, by the time of the extension of the next mandate, on the financial measures to be taken.
The report pursuant to this resolution identified measures of savings including from a reduction of troop numbers, a reduction of personnel with a seasonal increase, transformation of the Force into an Observer Mission, abolition of humanitarian and economic work, or to use less expensive troops.
See also
Cyprus dispute
List of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 601 to 700 (1987–1991)
United Nations Buffer Zone in Cyprus
Turkish invasion of Cyprus
References
External links
Text of the Resolution at undocs.org
0698
0698
June 1991 events
1991 in Cyprus
Kanoon also called The Law is a 1943 Hindi/Urdu social film directed by A. R. Kardar. It was produced by Kardar for "Kardar Productions". The music director was Naushad who after Sharda (1942), once again made a young Suraiya give playback for Mehtab. The story was by Qabli Amritsari with screenplay and lyrics by D. N. Madhok. The film starred Shahu Modak, Mehtab, Gajanan Jagirdar, Nirmala Devi, Ulhas and Badri Prasad.
The film was based on a social issue involving an arranged marriage between an older man to a girl who is younger than their son.
Plot
Ashok and Usha are friends in college who fall in love with each other. They have a common issue which unites them; the social evil of young girls forcibly married off to older men. Ashok has strong reasons as they are ashamed of their father, who has married a girl younger than Ashok. Lala Dinanath, Usha's father, is heavily in debt to Seth Hirachand. Hirachand's son, Ramesh, who studies in college with Usha, has fallen in love with them They do not know that their father intends marrying Usha in lieu of the debt their father owes Hirachand. Their attraction for Usha causes a source of anguish for Hansa, the family Munim's (accountant) daughter, and hence are in service to Hirachand. Hansa and Ramesh have been childhood friends with a vague understanding of marriage between them.
When Dinanath is told by Hirachand that they would like to welcome Usha in their house, it is misunderstood as an offer of marriage for Ramesh. Dinanath agrees initially, but refuses when Hirachand lets them know their intentions of marrying Usha. Ramesh does not know about their father's proposal to Dinanath, as their father has sent them off on a family business with the Munim. Usha agrees to marry Hirachand when they threaten to take Dinanath to court over the borrowed money. A drama staged by Ashok and Usha in college forms the final part of the story. The stage play called "Kanoon" (Law) is about the social injustices against women, which force a woman to take their life. The play is watched by Hirachand who starts becoming uncomfortable as the play unfolds and rushes home, just as the protagonist in the stage play puts a gun to their head. They reach home and dies following a heart attack.
Cast
Shahu Modak
Mehtab
Gajanan Jagirdar
Nirmala Devi
Ulhas
Badri Prasad
A.Shah
Jetha
Amirali
Amir Bano
Padma
Crew
Producer: A. R. Kardar
Director: Kardar
Production Company: Kardar Productions
Story: Qabli (Amritsari)
Cinematographer: Dwarka Diwecha
Editing: A. R. Kardar
Music: Naushad
Lyrics: D. N. Madhok
Art Director: D. S. Malvankar, Jagnath Mistry
Make-up: Jetha N. Lakhani
Sound Recordist: Minoo Katrak
Distribuors: Mudnaney Film Service
Soundtrack
One of the popular songs in the film was "Ek Tu Ho Ek Main Hoon" sung by Suraiya and picturised on Mehtab. Naushad, the composer, made "notable" use of trumpet and piano in the song. Suraiya had earlier given playback singing for Mehtab in Sharda (1942), when Naushad had opted for the then thirteen-year-old Suraiya. Mehtab, who was at first reluctant to have the "baby-voiced" Suraiya sing for her, was now "impressed" enough with their voice to have Suraiya playback for them
The lyrics were written by D. N. Madhok. The singers were Suraiya, Shyam and Nirmala Devi.
Songlist
References
External links
1943 films
1940s Hindi-language films
Films directed by A. R. Kardar
Indian black-and-white films
Grzegórzki may refer to the following places in Poland:
Grzegórzki, Kraków
Grzegórzki, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
Molinas is a Spanish surname meaning "mills". Notable people with this name include:
Jack Molinas (1931–1975), American basketball player
(1888–1973), Argentine politician
Marta Molinas (born 1968), Paraguayan and Norwegian electrical engineer
Nicanor Molinas (1823–1892), Argentine lawyer
Osmar Molinas (born 1987), Paraguayan footballer
See also
Molina (surname)
Monopoly profit is an inflated level of profit due to the monopolistic practices of an enterprise.
Basic classical and neoclassical theory
Traditional economics state that in a competitive market, no firm can command elevated premiums for the price of goods and services as a result of sufficient competition. In contrast, insufficient competition can provide a producer with disproportionate pricing power. Withholding production to drive prices higher produces additional profit, which is called monopoly profits.
According to classical and neoclassical economic thought, firms in a perfectly competitive market are price takers because no firm can charge a price that is different from the equilibrium price set within the entire industry's perfectly competitive market. Since a competitive market has many competing firms, a customer can buy widgets from any of the competing firms. Because of this tight competition, competing firms in a market each have their own horizontal demand curve that is fixed at a single price established by market equilibrium for the entire industry as a whole. Each firm in a competitive market has buyers for its product as long as the firm charges "no more than" the single price. Since firms cannot control the activities of other firms that produce the same widget sold within the market, a firm that charges a price that is higher than the industry's market equilibrium price would lose business; customers would respond by buying their widgets from other competing firms that charge the lower market equilibrium price, which makes deviation from the market equilibrium price impossible.
Perfect competition is commonly characterized by an idealized situation in which all firms within the industry produce exact comparable goods that are perfect substitutes. With the exception of commodity markets, this idealized situation does not typically exist in many actual markets, but in many cases, there exist similar products that are easily interchangeable because they are close substitutes (for example, butter and margarine). A significant rise in a product's price tends to cause customers to switch from this good to a lower priced close substitute. In some cases, firms that produce differing but similar goods have similar production processes, which makes it relatively easy for one-good firms to switch their manufacturing processes to produce a different but similar good. This would be the case when the cost of changing the firm's manufacturing process to produce the similar good can be somewhat immaterial in relationship to the firm's overall profit and cost. Since consumers tend to replace goods whose prices are high with cheaper close substitutes, and the existence of close substitutes whose manufacturing processes are similar allows a firm producing a low-priced good to easily switch over to producing the other higher priced good, the competition model accurately explains why the existence of different similar goods form competitive forces that deny any single firm the ability to establish a monopoly in their product. This effect is observable in a high profit and production cost industry, such as the car industry, and other industries facing competition from imports.
By contrast, the lack of competition in a market ensures the firm (monopoly) has a downward sloping demand curve. Although raising prices causes the monopoly to lose some business, some sales can be made at higher prices. Although monopolists are constrained by consumer demand, they are not "price takers" because they can influence price through their production decisions. The monopolist can either have a target level of output that will ensure the monopoly price as the given consumer demand in the industry's market reacts to the fixed and limited market supply, or it can set a fixed monopoly price at the onset and adjust output until it can ensure no excess inventories occur at the final output level chosen. At each price, the firm must accept the level of output as determined by the market's consumer demand, and every output quantity is identified with a price that is determined by the market's consumer demand. The price and output are co-determined by consumer demand and the firm's production cost structure.
A firm with monopoly power sets a monopoly price that maximizes the monopoly profit. The most profitable price for the monopoly occurs when output level ensures the marginal cost (MC) equals the marginal revenue (MR) associated with the demand curve. Under normal market conditions for a monopolist, this monopoly price is higher than the marginal (economic) cost of producing the product, indicating that the price paid by the consumer, which is equal to their marginal benefit, is above the firm's MC.
Persistence
Without barriers to entry and collusion in a market, the existence of a monopoly and monopoly profit cannot persist in the long run. Normally, when economic profit exists within an industry, economic agents form new firms in the industry to obtain at least a portion of the existing economic profit. As new firms enter the industry, they increase the supply of the product available in the market, and they are forced to charge a lower price to entice consumers to buy the additional supply they are supplying as competition. Since consumers flock toward the lowest price (in search of a bargain), older firms within the industry may lose their existing customers to the new firms entering the industry, and are forced to lower their prices to match the prices set by the new firms. New firms continue to enter the industry until the price of the product is lowered to the point that it is the same as the average economic cost of producing the product, and economic profit disappears. When this happens, economic agents outside of the industry find no advantage to entering the industry, supply of the product stops increasing, and the price charged for the product stabilizes.
Normally, a firm that introduces a brand-new product can initially secure a monopoly for a short while. At this stage, the initial price the consumer must pay for the product is high, and the demand for, as well as the availability of the product in the market, will be limited. As time passes, when the profitability of the product is well established, the number of firms that produce this product will increase until the available product supply becomes relatively large, and the product's price shrinks down to the level of the average economic cost of producing the product. When this occurs, all monopoly associated with producing and selling the product disappears, and the initial monopoly turns into a (perfectly) competitive industry.
When consumers have complete information about the prices available in the market and the quality of the products sold by the various firms, there cannot be a persistent monopolistic situation in the absence of barriers to entry and collusion. Various barriers to entry include patent rights and the monopolization of a natural resource needed to produce a product. The American firm Alcoa Aluminum is a historical example of a monopoly due to natural resource control; its control of "practically every source of bauxite in the United States" was one key reason that "[it] was, for a long time, the sole producer of aluminum in the United States".
A barrier to entry can exist in a market situation that is characterized by a combination of high fixed costs in production and a relatively small demand within the firm's product market. Since a high fixed cost results in a higher product market unit costs at lower production levels, and lower unit costs at higher production levels, the combination of a small product market demand for the firm's product, and the high revenue levels the firm needs to cover the high fixed costs it faces, indicate the product market will be dominated by a single large firm that uses economies of scale to minimize both its unit cost and its product price. New firms would be reticent to enter a product market if an apparent slim economic profit can turn into an immediate economic loss for all firms upon a new entry. However, since the qualities of most economic markets make them contestable markets, there may be a greater magnitude of product differentiation within this overall market structure, making it similar to monopolistic competition.
Government intervention
Competition laws were created to prevent powerful firms from using their economic power to artificially create the barriers to entry they need to protect their monopoly profits, including the use of predatory pricing toward smaller competitors. In the United States, Microsoft Corporation was initially convicted of breaking competition laws and engaging in anti-competitive behavior to form a barrier in United States v. Microsoft Corporation; after a successful appeal on technical grounds, Microsoft agreed to a settlement with the Department of Justice in which they were faced with stringent oversight procedures and explicit requirements designed to prevent the predatory behavior. The company was successfully convicted of similar anti-competitive behavior in the European Economic Community's second highest court, the Court of First Instance, in 2007. If firms in an industry collude they can also limit production to restrict supply, and ensure the price of the product remains high enough to ensure all of the firms in the industry achieve an economic profit.
If a government feels it is impractical to have a competitive market, it sometimes tries to regulate the monopoly by controlling the price the monopoly charges for its product. The old AT&T monopoly, which existed before the courts ordered its breakup and tried to force competition in the market, had to get government approval to raise its prices. The government examined the monopoly's costs and determined if the monopoly should be allowed to raise its price; if the government felt that the cost did not justify a higher price, it rejected the monopoly's application. Although a regulated monopoly will not have a monopoly profit that is high as it would be in an unregulated situation, it still can have an economic profit that is still above what a competitive firm has in a truly competitive market.
References
Further reading
Kahana, Nava and Katz, Eliakim. "Monopoly, Price Discrimination, and Rent-Seeking". Journal Public Choice. 64:1 (January 1990).
Langbein, Laura and Wilson, Len. "Grounded Beefs: monopoly prices, Minority Business, and the price of Hamburgers at U.S. Airports". Public Administration Review. 1994.
von Mises, Ludwig. "Monopoly Prices". Quarterly Journal of Austrian Economics 1:2 (June 1998).
Edwin Mansfield, "Micro-Economics Theory & Applications, 3rd Edition", New York and London:W.W. Norton and Company, 1979.
Roger LeRoy Miller, "Intermediate Microeconomics Theory Issues Applications, Third Edition", New York: McGraw-Hill, Inc, 1982.
Henderson, James M., and Richard E. Quandt, "Micro Economic Theory, A Mathematical Approach. 3rd Edition", New York: McGraw-Hill Book Company, 1980. Glenview, Illinois: Scott, Foresmand and Company, 1988,
Binger, Brian R., and Elizabeth Hoffman. "Micro Economics with Calculus", Glenview, Illinois: Scott, Foresmand and Company, 1988.
Market failure
Monopoly (economics)
Profit
Renting
John Lardner (born 10 May 1972 in Glasgow, Scotland) is a former professional snooker player. Their best performance came in the 1999 World Snooker Championship, where they reached the last 32. They reached a peak world ranking of 67th in 2000–01.
Early life
Lardner was born in Glasgow in 1973. They left school early to spend time practising snooker, confident that they could become a professional player. In 1988 Lardner won the Star of the Future award at a competition in Prestatyn.
Professional career
Lardner turned professional in 1991. In the 1993–94 season, they reached the final of the Benson & Hedges Championship, losing 6–9 to Ronnie O'Sullivan.
In 1999, at the age of 26, Lardner reached the first round of the World Snooker Championship by defeating Neal Foulds, Quinten Hann and Martin Clark in the qualifying rounds. In their first round match against world number 9 Stephen Lee, Lardner trailed 3–9 before recovering to lose only 7–10. Despite the defeat, they described the Crucible Theatre as "the best place I've ever played snooker".
The following season, Lardner climbed to position 72 in the world rankings, and reached the first round of the UK Championship, losing to David Gray. They also achieved their best ranking tournament finish by reaching the last 16 of the Thailand Masters in March 2000, beating Fergal O'Brien in the last 32 before being defeated by Ken Doherty. However, they were defeated in the qualifying rounds of the World Championship to Icelandic player Kristján Helgason. Their world ranking climbed to 67 for the 2000/2001 season.
Tournament Wins
Non-Ranking Wins: (1)
WPBSA Minor Tour - Event 3 – 1995
References
Scottish snooker players
Living people
1973 births
Sportspeople from Glasgow
Dineutus shorti is a species of whirligig beetle in the family Gyrinidae. It is known only from a narrow section of the coastal plain in the Blackwater and Pensacola river watersheds of Santa Rosa and Okaloosa counties, Florida and Covington County, Alabama in the United States.
The species is named for aquatic coleopterist for Andrew E. Z. Short.
References
Gyrinidae
Beetles described in 2015
Douro, Faina Fluvial (Labor on the Douro River) is a 1931 Portuguese documentary short film. It was the first film directed by Manoel de Oliveira and is a portrait of their hometown of Porto and the labor and industry that takes place along the city's main river, the Douro River. It was first shown at the International Congress of Film Critics in Lisbon on 19 September 1931, where the majority of the Portuguese audience booed. However, other foreign critics and artists who were in attendance praised the film, such as Luigi Pirandello and Émile Vuillermoz. Oliveira re-edited the film with a new soundtrack and re-released it in 1934. Again in 1994, Oliveira modified the film by adding a new, more avant-garde soundtrack by Luís de Freitas Branco.
Oliveira was influenced by German filmmaker Walther Ruttmann's documentary Berlin: Symphony of a City, and Douro, Faina Fluvial was made in the same genre of city symphony films.
References
External links
1931 documentary films
1931 films
Black-and-white documentary films
Portuguese black-and-white films
Films directed by Manoel de Oliveira
Portuguese silent films
Documentary films about cities
Portuguese short documentary films
1930s short documentary films
Neodiplogasteridae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Diplogasterida.
Genera:
Diplenteron
References
Nematodes
Sredny Lyubazh () is a rural locality () in Verkhnelyubazhsky Selsoviet Rural Settlement, Fatezhsky District, Kursk Oblast, Russia. Population:
References
Notes
Sources
Rural localities in Fatezhsky District
Chobhar caves are an extensive network of natural phreatic caves near the village of Chobhar, which is located 9 km southwest of Kathmandu, Nepal. Chobhar is also known for the Chobhar gorge through which all the water of the valley drains. A small temple of Adinath Sampradaya sits on top of a nearby hill. The temple offers a view of snow-capped mountains.
According to Swayambhu Purana and legend, Kathmandu Valley was once a lake. It is believed that the bodhisattva Manjushree cut a gorge at a place called Chobhar Gorge, near Chobhar Ancient Hill Village (sp. also Chovar, chobar) and drained away the waters to establish a habitable land.
These caves have been explored by research teams from the UK in 1976, Czechoslovakia in 1980 and Germany in 1985. Explorations of the caves in April 2007 indicate that there are at least six known entrances all documented by GPS readings made by a French team of speleologists, led by Maurice Duchesne from France. A map of those caves is now available.
The caves are often infiltrated by water due to fluctuating levels of the nearby Bagmati River. Thus, visitors are strongly advised not visit inside the caves without being accompanied by competent professional guides who have a compass and other equipment required for cave exploration. Maximum safety precautions is advised. No snakes have been sighted in these Chobhar caves but many bats have been sighted.
Measuring a minimum of 1250 metres, Chobhar caves are the largest in Asia. Cross-country, the caves are a brief fifteen-minute walk from ancient Chobhar Hill Village.
References
External links
Bajracharya transmission in XIth century Chobhar:Bharo 'Maimed Hand's main disciple Vajra-kirti, the translator from Rwa
Satellite picture of Chobhar
Caves of Nepal
"Rock the Party" is a song written and performed by American rapper Raymond "Benzino" Scott and featuring singer-songwriter Mario "Yellowman" Winans. It was released on September 3, 2002 via Elektra Records as the lead single from Benzino's second solo studio album Redemption. Recording sessions took place at Planet 2 Planet in New York with Wayne Allison. Production was handled by Winans. It was mixed by Paul Logus at the Hit Factory Criteria in Miami and mastered by Chris Gehringer at Sterling Sound in New York. Young Heff remixed version featured guest verses from Lil' Kim and Petey Pablo.
The song peaked at number 82 on the Billboard Hot 100, number 28 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs, and number 31 on the Rhythmic Airplay, marking it Benzino's highest charted single to date. The song also appeared on the US version of The Transporter: Music from and Inspired by the Motion Picture, and later was featured in the 2002 film I-SPY and the 2003 video game NBA Street Vol. 2.
Track listing
Personnel
Raymond "Benzino" Scott – main artist, songwriter
Mario Winans – featured artist, songwriter, producer
Michael Carlos Jones – songwriter
Wayne "The Brain" Allison – recording
Paul Logus – mixing
Chris Gehringer – mastering
Charts
References
External links
2002 songs
2002 singles
Elektra Records singles
Songs written by Mario Winans
Ceroprepes walterzeissi is a species of snout moth in the genus Ceroprepes. It was described by Roesler, in 1983, and is known from Sumatra, Indonesia.
References
Moths described in 1983
Phycitinae
Robert James Percival Marshall, OAM (10 April 1910 – 23 February 2004) was a noted Australian amateur player of English billiards. They won the World Amateur Billiards Championship in 1936, 1938, 1951 and 1962 and was runner-up three times, as well as a national snooker champion.<ref name="legend">{{cite web|url=http://vetsbilliardleague.tripod.com/id82.html |title=MARSHALL, Robert James Percival: A Legend in Amateur Billiards |accessdate=2008-01-24 |work=English Billiards League |author=Peter Ainsworth |url-status=dead |archiveurl=https://web.archive.org/web/20051016060430/http://vetsbilliardleague.tripod.com/id82.html |archivedate=16 October 2005 }}</ref>
Marshall was born in Kalgoorlie, the same town as another legend of the game, Walter Lindrum. Throughout their career they were compared favourably with Lindrum who, in 1954, themselves declared that Marshall was one of the greatest amateur players they had ever seen. Ten years later, the contemporary English snooker professional Fred Davis said of Marshall, "Most noticeable about their style is their compactness, so like Walter Lindrum, and the shortness of their back-swing, hardly more than a couple of inches."
Marshall dominated amateur billiards before and after the war with a career that spanned six decades, broken by retirements in 1963 and 1970 followed by come-backs.
Career
Marshall's first job was as a hairdresser, and they later opened a successful dry-cleaning outlet. They became the World Amateur Champion for the first time in 1936, and took the title again in 1938. During World War II, they spent four years in the Royal Australian Air Force. In 1951 they again won the World Amateur Championship, and in 1952 was runner-up. They took another World 2nd place in 1954. In 1953 while playing their regular rival Tom Cleary in the final of the Australian Championship they compiled a break of 702; the then-highest ever made by an amateur in a championship match. This record remained unbeaten until 1984 when Subhash Agarwal compiled a 716 break. Matthew Bolton has since broken those records with breaks of 809 (2017), 736 (2014) and 831 (2012).
In 1962 Marshall was invited to India to compete in the national billiards and snooker titles. They won both.
They entered politics in 1965 when they won the seat of Maylands in the state election for the Liberal party. In 1969 they made a comeback for a series of exhibition matches against New Zealand professional Clark McConachy and regained their Australian title the same year, defending it successfully in 1970 before retiring once again.
In 1985 they won the Australian title at the age of 75. This success encouraged them to travel to New Delhi, India for an attempt at their fifth world title where they won all matches except the final which was taken by rising Indian champion Geet Sethi, Marshall actually led after the first two hours of the six hour final. The following year they won the Australian title again, their 21st, and retired shortly afterwards: 50 years after their first Australian title win.
Their best break was 1,056 which they made in practice in 49 minutes. In the 1953 Australian championships they made a break of 702 in 37 minutes. They twice recorded seven breaks of 100 or more in a two-hour session and in the 1938 World Championship final in Melbourne, made a break of 335 in just over 15 minutes. They used "top-of-the-table" techniques for their break-building, and all of their records were made under the "two-pot rule". Other records by Marshall which still stand under the two-pot limitation include: the highest aggregate in two hours play (1,876), four hours (3,391), and a two-hour session average of 118.7.
Snooker
As a snooker player, they contested four Australian amateur finals, and was Australian National Champion in 1956. Their best break was 139.
Awards and honours
In 1963 they were named Western Australian Sportsman of the Year, and in 1980 was awarded the Order of Australia (OAM). They were inducted into the Western Australian Hall of Champions in 1985.
They served a single term as the Liberal member for Maylands in the Western Australian Legislative Assembly from 1965 to 1968.
Since their death at the age of 93, the memorial Bob Marshall Medal is awarded each year by the Australian Billiards & Snooker Council. Their biography My Life and Times'' was written with Cyril Ayris and Ross Haig.
Awarded the Australian Sports Medal on 2 November 2000.
References
External links
1910 births
2004 deaths
Australian players of English billiards
Australian snooker players
Cue sports players from Western Australia
Western Australian Sports Star of the Year winners
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly
People from Kalgoorlie
Liberal Party of Australia members of the Parliament of Western Australia
World champions in English billiards
20th-century Australian politicians
Royal Australian Air Force personnel of World War II
Sport Australia Hall of Fame inductees
Angka may refer to:
Angka, the ruling body of the Khmer Rouge (also Angkar)
Angka (spider), a spider genus (Cyrtaucheniidae)
Benscliffe Wood is a biological Site of Special Scientific Interest in Leicestershire.
This wood has one of the richest varieties of lichens in the East Midlands, with over thirty species growing on Precambrian rocks. Eleven of the species are rare in the county.
The site is private land with no public access.
References
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Leicestershire
Herbert Cole "Nugget" Coombs (24 February 1906 – 29 October 1997) was an Australian economist and public servant.  They are best known for having been the first Governor of the Reserve Bank of Australia, in which capacity they served from 1960 to 1968.
Early years
Coombs was born in Kalamunda, Western Australia, one of six children of a country railway stationmaster and a well-read mother.
Coombs's political and economic views were formed by the Great Depression, which hit Australia in 1929 and caused a complete economic collapse in a country totally dependent on commodity exports for its prosperity. As a student in Perth, they were a socialist, but while they were studying at the London School of Economics, they became converted to the economic views of John Maynard Keynes. They spent the rest of their career pursuing Keynesian solutions to Australia's economic problems. They never sought public office nor joined a political party, but they sought to exercise political influence as an administrator and advisor.
They won a scholarship to Perth Modern School. After five years there, they worked as a pupil-teacher for a year before spending two years at the Teachers' College. They then spent two years teaching at country schools, during which they studied for a Bachelor of Arts degree in the University of Western Australia (UWA), then the only free university in Australia. Transferring to a metropolitan school for the final two years, they graduated B.A. with first-class honours in economics and won a Hackett Studentship for overseas study. That was deferred for a year, enabling them to graduate M.A., also from UWA, and to marry fellow teacher Mary Alice ('Lallie') Ross at the end of 1931. As a student at UWA, Coombs was elected as the 1930 Sports Council president and subsequently the 1931 president of the Guild of Undergraduates. They then proceeded to the London School of Economics, where they studied under Harold Laski, one of the most influential Marxists of the 20th century. In 1933, they were awarded a PhD for a thesis on central banking.
In 1934, they returned to a teaching position in Perth and combined it with part-time lecturing in economics at UWA.
Public service
In 1934, Coombs returned to Australia, and in 1935, they became an economist at the Commonwealth Bank of Australia, then a state-owned bank that served as Australia's central bank. In 1939, they shifted to the Department of the Treasury in Canberra as a senior economist. They became known as a Keynesian rebel against the classical economics theory that had dominated the Treasury, under the influence of the Melbourne University school of economists, led by L. F. Giblin and Douglas Copland.
The Australian Labor Party under John Curtin came to power in 1941, and Coombs found themselves in a political environment much more supportive of their views. Curtin appointed them to the Commonwealth Bank board in October 1941. In 1942, the Treasurer, Ben Chifley, appointed them Director of Rationing, and in 1943 made them Director-General of the Department of Post-war Reconstruction, a new ministry that Chifley held in addition to the Treasury. Coombs played a leading role in the preparation of the White Paper on Full Employment in Australia which, for the first time, committed the government to maintaining full employment from the post-WWII years.
Chifley, a former train driver, had no training in economics and came to rely heavily on Coombs's advice. Coombs's closeness to Chifley and the greatly expanded role of government in the economy during World War II made them one of the most powerful public servants in Australian history. Their influence further expanded when Chifley became prime minister in 1945.
In January 1949, Chifley appointed Coombs as governor of the Commonwealth Bank, the most important post in the regulation of the Australian economy. When the Liberal Party came to power in December of that year, however, Coombs's demise seemed likely, but the new prime minister, Robert Menzies, kept them on and soon came to trust their judgement. Menzies was a moderate Keynesian, and there were few policy differences between the two men, especially since Australia soon embarked on a long postwar boom, and hardly any tough economic decisions needed to be made.
In 1960, when the Reserve Bank of Australia was created to take over the Commonwealth Bank's central banking functions, Coombs was appointed governor of the Reserve Bank. At the time, they paid tribute to Sir Leslie Melville by advising the government and others that the  best person for the job had been overlooked.
They retired as a public servant in 1968.
Later life
Coombs continued to work following their retirement. They had already signalled their interest in the arts by becoming the first chairperson of the Australian Elizabethan Theatre Trust in 1954 (named in honour of Elizabeth II, not because it promoted Elizabethan theatre). In 1967, they persuaded Prime Minister Harold Holt to create the Australian Council for the Arts (the non-statutory predecessor to the Australia Council) as a body for the public funding of the arts, and in 1968, they became its chairperson. They worked closely with Prime Minister John Gorton to secure funding for an Australian film industry. They also became chancellor of the Australian National University (1968–1976), which they had helped found in 1946. They delivered the 1970 Buntine Oration, titled "Human Values – Education in the Changing Australian Society."
Coombs's most important post-retirement role was as a supporter of the Australian Aboriginal people. In 1967, they became chairperson of the Council for Aboriginal Affairs, set up by the Holt Government in the wake of the referendum that gave the Commonwealth Parliament power to legislate specifically for the Aboriginal people. They are, however, disappointed that the Gorton and McMahon Governments took up few of the Council's recommendations. They became a close advisor to the Labor leader Gough Whitlam in the years before Whitlam became prime minister in 1972, and they largely wrote Labor's policy on Aboriginal affairs, particularly the commitment to Aboriginal land rights. In 1972, they were named Australian of the Year.
From 1972 to 1975, Coombs served as a consultant to Prime Minister Whitlam, but their influence was resented by other ministers. They found the experience of the first Labor government since 1949 disappointing. They disapproved of the events that led up to the Loans Affair of 1975 and the 1975 Australian constitutional crisis, which led to the dismissal of Whitlam's government by the Governor-General, Sir John Kerr. They advised Whitlam not to resort to unorthodox means of financing government operations when the Senate blocked supply, but Whitlam did so anyway. Although they regarded the dismissal as scandalous, their estrangement from Whitlam meant that they took little subsequent part in politics. In 1975, they were chairperson of a Royal Commission on Australian Government Administration, which was tasked with examining the purpose, functions, organisation and management of Australian Government bodies and the structure and management of the Australian Public Service. Nevertheless, the Royal Commission report was largely ignored by the incoming Liberal government of Malcolm Fraser.
In 1976, Coombs resigned all their posts and became a visiting fellow at the Centre for Resource and Environmental Studies at the Australian National University, where they developed a new interest in environmental issues. However, Aboriginal affairs remained their greatest passion and, in 1979, they launched the Aboriginal Treaty Committee, calling for a formal treaty between Australia and the Aboriginal people. The idea gained much public support but neither the Fraser government nor its successor, Bob Hawke's Labor government, took it up. From 1977 to 1979, Coombs was the president of the Australian Conservation Foundation.
Coombs deplored the breakdown of the postwar Keynesian economic consensus represented by Thatcherism, and in their 1990 book The Return of Scarcity they proposed a Common Wealth Estate to ensure a more equitable distribution of wealth. They suffered a disabling stroke in late-1995 and died in Sydney in 1997.
During the Howard government administration, the "Coombs legacy" in Aboriginal affairs came under increasing criticism. Journalist Piers Akerman argued that Coombs's policy amounted to "politically correct apartheid", and that the communal land ownership implicit in Aboriginal land rights was keeping Aboriginal people poor and dependent on welfare by preventing the private ownership of land.
Relationship with Judith Wright
In a June 2009 article in The Monthly, journalist Fiona Capp revealed the story of the 25-year secret love affair between two of Australia's most well-known and well-loved public figures, "the famous poet-cum-activist" Judith Wright and "the distinguished yet down-to-earth statesman" 'Nugget' Coombs.
Recognition
Coombs was appointed a Companion of the Order of Australia in the first awards of the Order on the Queen's Birthday in 1975. However, they resigned from the Order in 1976 upon the introduction of the grade of knighthood to the Order.
In January 2008, it was announced that a new suburb in the Canberra district of Molonglo would be named Coombs. It adjoins the new suburb of Wright, named after Judith Wright.
References
Further reading
1906 births
1997 deaths
Alumni of the London School of Economics
Australian economists
Australian public servants
Australian royal commissioners
Fellows of the Australian Academy of Science
Fellows of the Australian Academy of the Humanities
People educated at Perth Modern School
University of Western Australia alumni
People from Perth, Western Australia
Former Companions of the Order of Australia
20th-century economists
Chancellors of the Australian National University
20th-century Australian public servants
Governors of the Reserve Bank of Australia
Scott Garnham (born 22 February 1985) is a British professional theatre and TV actor. Notable credits include Billy Elliot The Musical, Les Misérables, Made in Dagenham directed by Rupert Goold, and Pompidou by Matt Lucas for the BBC.
Early life
Garnham was born in Malton, North Yorkshire and attended Norton Community Primary School and later Norton College. They graduated, with a master's degree, from the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama, later known as the Royal Conservatoire of Scotland, in 2006.
Garnham began acting at the age of 7 attending classes at Kirkham Henry Performing Arts, based in Malton, and later performing with many local amateur theatre groups.
Early career
At the age of twelve Garnham appeared in the original cast of Stiles and Drewe's Honk! The Ugly Duckling, directed by Julia McKenzie, at the Stephen Joseph Theatre in Scarborough.
Career
Garnham made their west end debut in Eurovision Song Contest spoof Eurobeat earning positive critical responses, including a Daily Express review, declaring "a stand-out performance from Scott Garnham." Garnham played Irish entrant Ronan Corr in a hilarious performance, completed by an all-white outfit and over-zealous use of dry ice.
Following Eurobeat, Garnham landed the role of Feuilly in the West End production of Les Misérables while also understudying the roles of Enjolras and Marius, a job which won them the accolade of Understudy of the Year 2011. The performance also earned them a spot in the Les Misérables: 25th Anniversary Concert alongside Matt Lucas, Alfie Boe and Nick Jonas.
Stage work
Nativity! The Musical, UK Tour (2019) ...Paul Maddens
Nativity! The Musical, UK Tour (2018) ...Paul Maddens
Billy Elliot, UK & Ireland Tour (2016/17) ...Tony
Grand Hotel, Southwark Playhouse (2015) ...Baron Felix Von Gaigern
Titanic, Princess of Wales Theatre, Toronto (2015) ...Edgar Beane
Made in Dagenham, Original Cast, Adelphi Theatre (2014) ...Buddy Cortina
I Can't Sing, Original Cast, London Palladium (2014) ...u/s Liam O'Deary
title of show, London Premiere, Landor Theatre (2013) ...Hunter
A Little Night Music, Yvonne Arnaud Theatre (2013) ...Mr Lindquist
Les Misérables, Queen's Theatre (2010) ...Feuilly, u/s Enjolras & Marius
Les Misérables: 25th Anniversary Concert, O2 Arena London (2010)
Never Forget (musical), national tour (2009) ...Joze Reize
Jason and the Argonauts, New Victory Theatre (2009) ...Jason
Eurobeat - Almost Eurovision, Original Cast, Novello Theatre (2008) ...Ronan Corr
The Rise and Fall of Little Voice, Visible Fictions (2007) ...Billy
Honk!, Original Cast, Stephen Joseph Theatre, Scarborough, North Yorkshire (1997)
Television work
Pompidou, BBC/ John Stanley Productions (2014)
Les Mis at 25: Matt Lucas Dreams the Dream, BBC (2010)
MacMusical, BBC, (2007)
References
External links
Official site
Fan site
1985 births
Living people
People from Malton, North Yorkshire
English male stage actors
Alumni of the Royal Conservatoire of Scotland
Isophelliidae is a family of sea anemones belonging to the order Actiniaria.
Genera:
Isophellia Carlgren, 1900
References
Actiniaria
Cnidarian families
In igneous petrology, eutaxitic texture describes the layered or banded texture in some extrusive rock bodies. It is often caused by the compaction and flattening of glass shards and pumice fragments around undeformed crystals.
See also
Igneous rocks by texture
The 38th Alabama Infantry Regiment was an infantry regiment that served in the Confederate Army during the American Civil War.
Service
The 38th Alabama Infantry Regiment was mustered in at Mobile, Alabama, in May 1862.
The regiment surrendered at Meridian, Mississippi, on May 4, 1865.
Total strength and casualties
The 38th Alabama was at Mobile, Alabama, from the spring of 1862 when formed until spring of 1863. They were primarily at Camp Holt on Dauphin Way, a few miles west of downtown, near Monterey and Dauphin Streets. Here they were occupied in learning to be soldiers, drilling and tactics and in constructing defensive fortifications around the city of Mobile. The men came from Clarke, Monroe, Wilcox, Choctaw, Fayette, Conecuh, Coosa, Dallas, Baldwin and Mobile counties of Alabama. Most had never been away from home before and many died from disease long before they saw an enemy. There are 1500 men listed in the compiled service records as having enlisted in the 38th Alabama Infantry Volunteers. The regiment was commanded by Colonel Charles T. Ketchum of Mobile.
They were part of General Henry D. Clayton's Brigade and were transferred from Mobile to Tullahoma, Tennessee, in the spring of 1863 and became part of the Confederate Army of Tennessee. The 38th left Mobile with approximately 830 men. The Regiment fought at Chickamauga just south of Chattanooga, Tennessee, on September 19 and 20, 1863, where they experienced heavy losses. In November, they fought at Lookout Mountain, and the next day were overrun at nearby Missionary Ridge where they lost their wagon train, their flag and many officers and men.
The group reformed and wintered with the Army of Tennessee just north of Dalton, Georgia. Spring of '64 brought a northern offensive, and they participated in what is known as the 100-Day Battle as they fought a retreat at places like Dalton, Resaca, New Hope Church and finally Atlanta on July 22, 1864. After the fall of Atlanta the Southern Army, and the 38th along with it, swung north in an effort to attract General William T. Sherman's U. S. Army to follow and to attempt to cut their northern supply lines. After retracing its route to northwest Georgia, the army traversed Alabama as far west as Florence. Major General John Bell Hood advanced their troops on the Federal Forces in Tennessee during November and December 1864 where "the Gallant Hood of Texas played hell in Tennessee." They crossed the Tennessee River at Florence and attacked the enemy at Franklin. Luckily the 38th drew rear guard duty and was spared the awful fate of many southern boys and five Confederate Generals on November 30, 1864, at Franklin. They again saw defeat at Nashville on December 15 and 16, 1864, and Hood withdrew to Tupelo, Mississippi. At this point, Clayton's Brigade and the 38th were reassigned to defend Mobile and were sent to Spanish Fort on the Bay. They saw battle again March 26 to April 9, 1865, at Spanish Fort. The 38th was among the troops surrendered by Lt. General Richard Taylor, CSA, at Citronelle, Alabama, on May 4, 1865. The troops themselves had been withdrawn to Meridian, Mississippi, and Livingston, Alabama. Of the 830 men of the 38th Alabama which left Mobile in the spring of 1863, there were only 80 left. See also "Southerners at War the 38th Alabama Volunteers" by Arthur E. Green.
Commanders
Colonel Charles Thomas Ketchum
Colonel Augustus R. Lankford
See also
Alabama Civil War Confederate Units
Alabama in the American Civil War
Notes
References
Units and formations of the Confederate States Army from Alabama
1862 establishments in Alabama
Military units and formations established in 1862
The 1956 Challenge Desgrange-Colombo was the ninth edition of the Challenge Desgrange-Colombo. It included eleven races: all the races form the 1955 edition were retained with no additions. Fred De Bruyne won the first of their three individual championships while Belgium retained the nations championship.
Races
Final standings
Riders
Nations
References
Challenge Desgrange-Colombo
Challenge Desgrange-Colombo
An external degree is a degree offered by a university to students who have not been required to be physically present within the geographic territory of the institution. These undergraduates may be called external students and may study at classes unconnected with the university, or independently, or by distance learning. They may obtain the degree by passing examinations once they have reached the required standard, or by having successfully completed a programme put together from various courses or modules.
In 1858 the University of London became the first English university to offer external degrees, holding exams open to people in other cities, or to London students who had attended evening classes. In various UK towns university colleges were established, where students could study towards a London external degree. The colleges were among the "approved centres" for London's exams. Soon centres overseas were approved, starting with one in Mauritius in 1865. The University of Durham offered external degrees from 1871.
See also
Lady Literate in Arts
Excelsior College
Charter Oak State College
Thomas Edison State University
References
Malcolm Tight, Higher Education: A Part-Time Perspective (OU 1991)
History of University of London External Programme
What External Degrees Are
ERIC Article #EJ307981: Community Colleges: A Home Base for the External Degree.
ERIC Article #ED172704: College Learning Anytime, Anywhere. New Ways for Anyone to Get College Credits and College Degrees by Off-Campus Study and Examinations.
Distance education
The 1948 Lehigh Engineers football team was an American football team that represented Lehigh University as an independent during the 1948 college football season. Lehigh finished last in the Middle Three Conference.
In their third year under head coach William Leckonby, the Engineers compiled a 5–4 record, 0–2 against conference opponents. DeForrest Bast was the team captain.
Lehigh played its home games at Taylor Stadium on the university's main campus in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania.
Schedule
References
Lehigh
Lehigh Mountain Hawks football seasons
Lehigh Engineers football
Jusuf Wibisono (EVO: Joesoef Wibisono; 28 February 1909 – 15 June 1982) was an Indonesian politician and economist. A member of the Masyumi Party, they served as Minister of Finance from 1951 until 1952 and again from 1956 until 1957, under the Soekiman and Second Ali Sastroamidjojo cabinets. Originating from Magelang, Wibisono took part in Islamic organizations in the nationalist movement from their school years. They joined Masyumi during the Indonesian National Revolution, and became a leading member within the party despite disagreements with other party leaders such as Mohammad Natsir. In both of their tenures as finance minister, they relaxed the tight budgetary controls of their predecessor, and provided favors to political parties.
They were an ardent opponent of the Communist Party of Indonesia, and they attempted to organize the Masyumi to work with President Sukarno during the late 1950s to oppose the communists. Instead, Wibisono was sidelined in the party before being arrested by the government in crackdowns due to Masyumi involvement in the PRRI rebellion. Following the fall of Sukarno, they and former Prime Minister Soekiman Wirjosandjojo considered establishing their own political party, though they decided against it. Instead, Wibisono joined the ranks of the Indonesian Islamic Union Party (PSII), but the PSII's poor performance in the 1971 Indonesian legislative election led them to retire from politics. They died in 1982 at Dr. Cipto Mangunkusumo Hospital.
Early life and career
Jusuf Wibisono was born on 28 February 1909 in Magelang, today in Central Java, as the third child of four children. After completing their education at a Hollandsch-Inlandsche School (HIS), they continued to a Meer Uitgebreid Lager Onderwijs (MULO), although their father, Kunto Wibisono, had wanted them to study to be a teacher. Afterwards, they briefly studied at the STOVIA medical school before dropping out due to being unfit. Instead, they continued their education at a Algemene Middelbare School (AMS) in Bandung. They then continued to the Rechtshogeschool in Batavia, graduating with a Meester in de Rechten in 1941, shortly before the Japanese invasion of the Dutch East Indies. During their studies, Wibisono became active in the Jong Islamieten Bond youth organization, and in 1934 along with Mohammad Roem they co-founded a branch that catered to secondary students, the Studenten Islam Studieclub. They had begun to work at the colonial government before completing their law degree, first at the economic department and then in the central statistics office. They became a commercial judge during the Japanese occupation of the Dutch East Indies. Following the proclamation of Indonesian independence, Wibisono was appointed into the Central Indonesian National Committee (KNIP), and became a member of the KNIP's working body. They were later appointed Junior Minister of Prosperity in the Third Sjahrir Cabinet.
Political career
Minister of Finance
After the conclusion of the Indonesian National Revolution, Wibisono joined the Provisional People's Representative Council as a member of the Masyumi Party. They were a critic of the Natsir Cabinet, despite Mohammad Natsir being in the same party. Wibisono instead was affiliated more closely to Soekiman Wirjosandjojo. In March 1951, they even publicly urged the resignation of the Natsir cabinet, citing the failure to arrange a conference on Western New Guinea. They were then appointed as minister of finance in Soekiman's cabinet, announced on 26 April 1951. In their first press conference after being sworn in, Wibisono announced the nationalization of De Javasche Bank, the colonial central bank. The nationalization process under Wibisono was voluntary – that is, shares were purchased at above market price – and Wibisono noted that they would not be immediately replacing foreign staff with Indonesian ones. By October 1951, the government had taken over 97 percent of the company's shares, and by December the bank was officially nationalized. They later served in the bank's council of advisors in-between their ministerial tenures.
Wibisono was noted for their relatively lax approach to finances compared to their predecessor Sjafruddin Prawiranegara. During their first tenure, which saw strong government finances from increased exports, they arranged for government-owned banks to loan money to politically affiliated firms, bonuses to civil servants, and less strictly controlled government budgets in general. They were replaced by Sumitro Djojohadikusumo in the succeeding Wilopo Cabinet. Between their first and second tenures, Wibisono worked at a Dutch car importer. They also accepted a job as a chairperson of a Japanese bank, under the condition that their name not be listed on the bank's board register. They had engagements with Chinese Indonesian businesses. In 1953, they were appointed chairperson of the Union of Muslim Workers of Indonesia (SBII), the labor organization wing of Masyumi. They served at this post until 1966. They made public statements calling for the increase of the work day (from seven hours to eight), and was briefly examined by prosecutors after criticizing members of the First Ali Sastroamidjojo Cabinet.
They made speeches denouncing communism and the Soviet Union, and led a Masyumi opposition to establishment of diplomatic relations in 1953–1954. In November 1954, they tabled a motion of no confidence against the Ali Cabinet, in particular attacking the policies of Economic Minister Iskaq Tjokroadisurjo, perceived to be favoring the Indonesian National Party (PNI). Iskaq proceeded to resign, and the motion of no confidence was defeated. They returned to their post as finance minister in the Second Ali Sastroamidjojo Cabinet. Disbursements to politically afilliated businesses continued, and in one case in July 1956, Wibisono provided favors for a Nahdlatul Ulama-affiliated business to ensure Sjafruddin Prawiranegara's reappointment as governor of Bank Indonesia. They also announced a reduction of 30 percent in the government headcount, to be implemented in stages, and the program was not executed during their tenure. They resigned on 9 January 1957 and was replaced with Djuanda Kartawidjaja. After the end of their ministerial tenure, they were arrested under corruption charges in April 1957, although they were released by March 1958 – officially for a lack of evidence.
Masyumi dissolution
Shortly before their release, in early 1958, Masyumi leaders including Natsir, Sjafruddin, and Burhanuddin Harahap became involved in the Revolutionary Government of the Republic of Indonesia, a shadow government contesting the Jakarta government. Wibisono themselves was not involved, and once released wanted to condemn the actions of Natsir and others, but after discussions the party and its members elected to not issue any support or denouncements. In the ensuing political shifts, the Indonesian Communist Party gained significant powers and Wibisono wanted Masyumi to work with the PNI and Christian parties in order to prevent the Communists from entering government. Wibisono was willing to give significant concessions such as increasing President Sukarno's power to do this, but they were sidelined and instead the party under the new leadership of Prawoto Mangkusasmito opted to form a united front with other Islamic parties.
Masyumi was eventually dissolved in 1960, and Wibisono joined the People's Representative Council of Mutual Assistance (DPR-GR) in 1960 under the umbrella of SBII, which had by then separated from Masyumi. They cut ties with nearly all Masyumi leaders except Soekiman, but Wibisono was still arrested in late 1963 or early 1964 under conspiracy charges and was imprisoned for nearly three years without trial. In mid-1966, Wibisono and other former Masyumi leaders were released from prison following the fall of Sukarno. Alongside Soekiman, Wibisono considered establishing their own political party which would be founded on Islam but which "mustn't be too religious". However, both men decided against it after consulting with figures from the new regime. Instead, Wibisono joined the ranks of the Indonesian Islamic Union Party (PSII), but after the PSII's poor performance in the 1971 Indonesian legislative election, they opted to retire from politics. They died on 15 June 1982 at Dr. Cipto Mangunkusumo Hospital in Jakarta.
Footnotes
References
Citations
Sources
1909 births
1982 deaths
People from Magelang
Masyumi Party politicians
Indonesian Islamic Union Party politicians
Finance Ministers of Indonesia
Members of the People's Representative Council, 1950
Members of the People's Representative Council, 1960
Indonesian Muslims
Rechtshogeschool te Batavia alumni
FC Vodnyk Mykolaiv was a Ukrainian football club from Mykolaiv, Mykolaiv Oblast.
League and cup history
{|class="wikitable"
|-bgcolor="#efefef"
! Season
! Div.
! Pos.
! Pl.
! W
! D
! L
! GS
! GA
! P
!Domestic Cup
!colspan=2|Europe
!Notes
|}
References
Defunct football clubs in Ukraine
Football clubs in Mykolaiv
Association football clubs established in 1946
Association football clubs disestablished in 2004
1946 establishments in Ukraine
2004 disestablishments in Ukraine
Groote Beer is a 52 foot long (LOD) wooden yacht with design elements of a barge, built in Huizen, Netherlands during World War II. Rumored to be built for German Air Marshall Hermann Göring. (Actual customer was a German industrialist named Temmler profiting from the war efforts.) The design is based on the shallow draft, leeboard equipped, sailing vessels designed as workboats in the North Sea and capable of carrying goods far inland on the canals of the Netherlands and elsewhere. WWII ended before the boat was completed, awaiting a new customer. In 1947, it was sold to William Greeve, who completed the stunningly ornate construction to match the original design rumors, sailed the boat, and eventually sold it to Charles M. Donnelly (Director of Feadship, Inc.). It was shipped across the Atlantic to the East Coast of the United States to be used to show the talents of Dutch shipbuilders. During their ownership, it was seen in a number of events and ports but also was involved in a storm incident that damaged a few beach houses and the boat.
It was sold in 1955 to Robert Johnson who sailed it through the Panama Canal, eventually bringing it to Portland, Oregon.
Johnson donated the Groote Beer to the St. Elisabeth Parish "Youth Afloat" program in 1958. The program had been created around the donation but did not materialize into a successful sail training or youth development program.
Bought by Howard Luray, who lived in Malibu, California, at the time who enjoyed the boat for three years. It was sold to Mrs. Robbie Keating of Santa Monica, California, who bought the boat as a gift to their husband. Only two years later they sold the boat to Dale Cooper of Irvine, California. Cooper kept the boat until 1973 when they sold it to Stuart Anderson who brought the boat to the Pacific Northwest.
Donated in 1978 by Stuart Anderson (restaurateur) to the Chief Seattle Council of the Boy Scouts of America. Entrusted to Explorer Scout post 818 (primarily a Search & Rescue Explorer Post) from December 25, 1978, until late 1983. During that period, the Groote Beer sailed the inland waters of the Salish Sea and participated in wooden boat shows from Vancouver and Victoria, British Columbia, to Port Townsend, and Seattle, Washington.
It was purchased from the Boy Scouts by Cliff and Ruth Ann Fremstad, who resold the boat in 2001 to current owner Jan Willem de la Porte. The years had been hard on the wooden boat so the Groote Beer was shipped back to Spakenburg, Netherlands and enjoyed a complete restoration, then sailed many times after restoration on the IJsselmeer. Unfortunately, while being transported within a shipyard for seasonal servicing, the 38 ton Groote Beer dropped from the lift, damaging both itself and crushing a parked car. As of early 2015, the boat repair was still in court awaiting resolution.
As of 2017 the Groote Beer is now repaired and back in the water at the harbor of Spakenburg.
References
Jaap van Ommmen, "De geschiedenis van de fabelachtige botter GROOTE BEER", Spiegel der Zeilvaart, July/August 2003 (in German).
Jack van Ommen, "Botter yacht lives and an old myth dies" (currents)", Wooden Boat, November/December 2003.
Further reading
"Groote Beer", Motorboating, vol. 92, no. 4, pp. 19, 123–125, October 1953 .
Hal de Waide, "Wanderer...motor sailing with a heritage, Boating, vol. 21, no. 4, pp. 56–58, April 1967 .
Jay S. Hanna, "Other uses of decorative carving", ch. 11 in, The Shipcarver's Handbook, WoodenBoat Books, 1988 .
External links
Includes links to copies of van Ommen's published articles.
Sailing yachts built in the Netherlands
PANSA is the Polish Air Navigation Services Agency.
Pansa may also refer to:
People
Given name
Pansa Hemviboon (born 1990), Thai footballer
Pansa Meesatham (born 1974), Thai footballer
Surname
Alessandro Pansa (1962–2017), Italian business executive
Jean-Marc Pansa (born 1997), French basketball player
María Isabel Pansa (born 1961), Argentine Army general
Cognomen
Gaius Vibius Pansa Caetronianus (fl. 51–43 BC), Roman consul
Marcus Hirrius Fronto Neratius Pansa (fl. 70–80), Roman senator
Organisms
Aphantophryne pansa, a frog of family Microhylidae
Carex pansa, a sedge of family Cyperaceae
Ismene pansa, a butterfly of family Hesperiidae
Myosotis petiolata var. pansa, a forget-me-not of family Boraginaceae
Pansa aurociliata, a moth of family Sesiidae
Plicopurpura pansa, a sea snail of family Muricidae
Other uses
Pansá Blanca, a Spanish grape variety
PanSa East F.C., association football club based in Pago Pago, American Samoa
See also
Panza (disambiguation)
Vavilov Hill () is a hill, 2,640 m (8661 ft), standing 3 nautical miles (6 km) west of Shatskiy Hill in the Weyprecht Mountains of Queen Maud Land. First roughly plotted from air photos by the German Antarctic Expedition, 1938–39. Mapped from air photos and surveys by Norwegian Antarctic Expedition, 1956–60; remapped by Soviet Antarctic Expedition, 1960–61, and named after Soviet botanist Nikolay I. Vavilov.
References
Hills of Queen Maud Land
Princess Astrid Coast
Travel Foreman is an American comic book artist.
Biography
Travel Foreman gained attention with their work on Com.x's Cla$$war, where they replaced original series artist Trevor Hairsine. They quickly moved on to work at Marvel Comics, illustrating the Supreme Power spin-off mini-series, Doctor Spectrum, and a Juggernaut story written by Lee Barnett in X-Men Unlimited #4.
They have also worked on the Ares: God of War limited series,. They drew covers for Ms. Marvel and took over pencilling duties from David Aja on the Iron Fist series.
Foreman has also done work for DC Comics in their "The New 52" relaunch. They initially provided art for Animal Man, working alongside writer Jeff Lemire before moving to Birds of Prey where they again collaborated with Duane Swierczynski who they had previously worked with on Marvel's The Immortal Iron Fist.
They then drew comic books for Marvel Comics again: from The Ultimates to Civil War II: The Amazing Spider-Man. They had recently finish working on Tales of Suspense.  They are currently working on the ongoing Black Cat series with writer Jed MacKay.
Bibliography
Interior comic work includes:
Arkanium #5 (with Brandon M. Easton, Dreamwave Productions, 2003)
Cla$$war #4-6 (with Rob Williams, Com.x, 2004)
X-Men Unlimited vol. 2 #4: "Testing Times" (with Lee Barnett, anthology, Marvel, 2004)
Doctor Spectrum #1-5 (of 6): "Full Spectrum" (with Sara Barnes, Marvel MAX, 2004–2005)
Ares #1-5: "God of War" (with Michael Avon Oeming, Marvel, 2006)
Star Wars: Legacy #4: "Noob" (with John Ostrander, Dark Horse, 2006)
Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic #5: "Commencement, Part Five" (with John Jackson Miller, Dark Horse, 2006)
The Immortal Iron Fist (Marvel):
"The Last Iron Fist Story" (with Ed Brubaker, Matt Fraction, David Aja, John Severin, Russ Heath, Jr. and Sal Buscema, in #1-5, 2007)
"The Pirate Queen of Pinghai Bay" (with Ed Brubaker, Matt Fraction, Leandro Fernandez and Khari Evans, in #7, 2007)
"The Mortal Iron Fist" (with Duane Swierczynski and Russ Heath, Jr., in #17-20, 2008–2009)
"Escape from the Eighth City" (with Duane Swierczynski, Timothy Green II, Tonči Zonjić and Juan Doe, in #22-23 and 25-26, 2009)
"The Fall of the House of Rand" (with Duane Swierczynski, Timothy Green II and David Lapham, in #27, 2009)
Infinity, Inc. vol. 2 #3: "Luthor's Monsters, Part Three" (with Peter Milligan and Max Fiumara, DC Comics, 2008)
Countdown Presents: The Search for Ray Palmer — Red Son (with Alan Burnett, one-shot, DC Comics, 2008)
Immortal Weapons #1-2: "The Caretakers" (with Duane Swierczynski, anthology, Marvel, 2009)
Superman #710: "Grounded, Part Eight" (with Chris Roberson and Eddy Barrows, DC Comics, 2011)
Animal Man vol. 2 #1-8, 29, Annual #2 (with Jeff Lemire, John Paul Leon (#6) and Steve Pugh (#7-8), DC Comics, 2011–2014)
Birds of Prey vol. 3 #9-11 (with Duane Swierczynski and Timothy Green II (#11), DC Comics, 2012)
Action Comics vol. 2 #13: "The Ghost in the Fortress of Solitude" (with Grant Morrison, DC Comics, 2012)
Secret Origins vol. 3 #8: "The Secret Origin of Animal Man" (with Jeff Lemire and Duffy Boudreau, anthology, DC Comics, 2015)
Justice League United #11-12, 16 (with Jeff Parker, DC Comics, 2015–2016)
Constantine vol. 2 #10-11 (with James Tynion IV and Ming Doyle, DC Comics, 2016)
Civil War II: The Amazing Spider-Man #1-4 (with Christos Gage, Marvel, 2016)
Ultimates2 #1-6, 9, 100 (with Al Ewing and Filipe Andrade (#100), Marvel, 2016–2017)
Tales of Suspense #100-104: "Hawkeye and Winter Soldier" (with Matthew Rosenberg, Marvel, 2018)
Astonishing X-Men vol. 4 Annual #1: "Who We are" (with Matthew Rosenberg, Marvel, 2018)
Daughters of the Dragon vol. 2 #1, 3 (with Jed MacKay, digital, Marvel, 2018–2019)
Marvel Knights 20th #1, 6 (with Donny Cates and Kim Jacinto (#6), Marvel, 2019)
Electric Warriors #1-6 (with Steve Orlando and Javi Fernández (#5), DC Comics, 2019)
Black Cat vol. 3 #1-5, 7 (with Jed MacKay and Michael Dowling (#3), Marvel, 2019–2020)
Covers only
Ms. Marvel vol. 2 #11 (Marvel, 2006)
The Immortal Iron Fist #11 (Marvel, 2008)
Sif #1 (Marvel, 2010)
Black Widow vol. 5 #1, 6-8 (Marvel, 2010–2011)
Rescue #1 (Marvel, 2010)
Iron Man: Legacy #5 (Marvel, 2010)
Tomb of Terror #1 (Marvel, 2010)
Loki vol. 2 #1-4 (Marvel, 2010–2011)
Superman/Batman #81-84 (DC Comics, 2011)
Animal Man vol. 2 #9-10, Annual #1 (DC Comics, 2012)
Sweet Tooth #29 (Vertigo, 2012)
Suicide Squad vol. 4 #19 (DC Comics, 2013)
Swamp Thing vol. 5 #24, Annual #2 (DC Comics, 2013)
The Death-Defying Doctor Mirage #1-3 (Valiant, 2014)
Unity #1-2 (Valiant, 2014)
The Eighth Seal #1-3 (IDW Publishing, 2015–2016)
4001 A.D.: Shadowman #1 (Valiant, 2016)
Prowler vol. 2 #1-6 (Marvel, 2016–2017)
Shadowman vol. 5 #1 (Valiant, 2018)
Marvel 2099: Spider-Man #1 (Marvel, 2020)
Notes
References
External links
Travel Foreman's blog
Place of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American comics artists
1982 births
Peter Edward Bradley DL FRSA (born 26 June 1964) is an Anglican priest who served as Dean of Sheffield, 2003–2020.
Early life
Bradley was born on 26 June 1964. They were educated at the Royal Belfast Academical Institution, an all-boys grammar school in Belfast, Northern Ireland. They then studied at Trinity Hall, Cambridge.
Ordained ministry
Bradley was ordained in the Church of England as a deacon in 1988 and as a priest in 1989. They became the Chaplain of Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge.
They were Team Vicar of St Michael and All Angels, Abingdon and All Saints', High Wycombe before their appointment as Dean of Sheffield. They were installed at Sheffield Cathedral on 4 October 2003; on 4 October 2020, Bradley announced their resignation from the Deanery with effect from 31 December 2020.
Interviews
Three-part interview conducted by Henk de Berg (2018)
-- Part I (on the existence of God)
-- Part II (on gay marriage and women priests)
-- Part III (on faith, violence and terrorism)
References
1964 births
People educated at the Royal Belfast Academical Institution
Alumni of Trinity Hall, Cambridge
20th-century English Anglican priests
21st-century English Anglican priests
Provosts and Deans of Sheffield
Deputy Lieutenants of South Yorkshire
Living people
Trygve Røed-Larsen (born 17 May 1939) is a Norwegian physicist.
They graduated with the cand.real. degree in physics, and took the dr.philos. degree at the University of Oslo in 1973. They spent their professional career at the Norwegian Defence Research Establishment and Det Norske Veritas, and was also a delegate to AGARD. They have over 100 academic publications, and is a member of the Norwegian Academy of Technological Sciences.
They reside in Høvik.
References
1939 births
Living people
Norwegian physicists
Norwegian climatologists
People from Bærum
Members of the Norwegian Academy of Technological Sciences
Bleckley County is a county located in the central portion of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 13,063. The county seat is Cochran.
History
The county was named for Logan Edwin Bleckley, a soldier and Justice of the Supreme Court of Georgia. The state constitutional amendment to create the county was proposed by the Georgia General Assembly on July 30, 1912, and ratified November 5, 1912. Bleckley County was formerly home to Middle Georgia College, the oldest two-year public college in the nation. In 2013 it merged with Macon State College to become Middle Georgia State University.
Bleckley County High School made news in March 2010 for allowing a same-sex couple to attend its senior prom, after another same-sex couple in Mississippi were denied attendance at another senior prom.
Government
Bleckley County is one of eight remaining counties in Georgia that operates under a sole commissioner form of government, with a single county commissioner acting as the county executive and legislative branches. The current County Commissioner is Mike Davis, the Sheriff is Kris Coody, the Fire Chief is Matt Kelley, the Clerk of Superior Court is Dianne C. Brown, the Tax Commissioner is Paige Baggs, and the Probate Judge is Hon. Jonathan Fordham.
Bleckly County's sole commissioner form of government was discussed in Holder v. Hall, decided by the United States Supreme Court on June 30, 1994.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.5%) is water. The county is located in the upper Atlantic coastal plain region of the state.
The eastern quarter of Bleckley County, roughly in a line from west of Danville running southeast, is located in the Lower Oconee River sub-basin of the Altamaha River basin. The central quarter of the county, between Cochran and the previous line, is located in the Little Ocmulgee River sub-basin of the same Altamaha River basin. The western half of the county, west of Cochran, is located in the Lower Ocmulgee River sub-basin of the same larger Altamaha River basin.
Major highways
Interstate 16
U.S. Route 23
U.S. Route 23 Business
U.S. Route 129 Alternate
State Route 26
State Route 87
State Route 87 Business
State Route 112
State Route 126
State Route 257
State Route 278
State Route 404 (unsigned designation of I-16)
Adjacent counties
Wilkinson County - north
Twiggs County - north
Laurens County - east
Dodge County - southeast
Pulaski County - southwest
Houston County - west
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 11,666 people, 4,372 households, and 3,121 families living in the county. The population density was 54 people per square mile (21/km2). There were 4,866 housing units at an average density of 22 per square mile (9/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 73.24% White, 24.59% Black or African American, 0.09% Native American, 0.93% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 0.48% from other races, and 0.63% from two or more races. 0.92% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 4,372 households, out of which 32.90% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.80% were married couples living together, 15.50% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.60% were non-families. 25.50% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.00% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.02.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 26.60% under the age of 18, 11.30% from 18 to 24, 26.50% from 25 to 44, 22.10% from 45 to 64, and 13.60% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females there were 93.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.50 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $33,448, and the median income for a family was $41,095. Males had a median income of $30,917 versus $22,912 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,934. About 11.70% of families and 15.90% of the population were below the poverty line, including 24.10% of those under age 18 and 17.80% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 13,063 people, 4,660 households, and 3,248 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 5,304 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 70.1% white, 27.3% black or African American, 0.8% Asian, 0.1% American Indian, 0.7% from other races, and 1.0% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.3% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 14.8% were American, 7.9% were English, and 6.3% were Irish.
Of the 4,660 households, 33.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.7% were married couples living together, 15.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 30.3% were non-families, and 26.5% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 2.99. The median age was 35.9 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $35,661 and the median income for a family was $48,750. Males had a median income of $36,697 versus $26,691 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,960. About 18.0% of families and 19.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including 29.1% of those under age 18 and 13.4% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 12,583 people, 4,176 households, and 2,727 families residing in the county.
Education
Communities
Cities
Allentown
Cochran
Unincorporated communities
Cary
Empire
Baileys Park
Brown Hill
Coley Station
Five Points
Fraizer
Goldsboro
Paulk
Porter
Powell
Rebie
Royal
<https://georgia.hometownlocator.com/counties/cities,cfips,023,c,bleckley.cfm>
Points of interest
Cochran-Bleckley Cotton & Peanut Museum
Cochran Motor Speedway
Middle Georgia Equestrian Center
Ocmulgee Public Fishing Area
Ocmulgee Water Trail
Ocmulgee Wildlife Management Area
Terry L. Coleman Museum and Archives
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Bleckley County, Georgia
References
External links
Cochran-Bleckley Chamber of Commerce
Bleckley County historical marker
1912 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
Populated places established in 1912
The 2012 United States House of Representatives elections in Washington were held on Tuesday, 6 November 2012, to elect the ten U.S. representatives from the state, one from each of the state's ten congressional districts, a gain of one seat following the 2010 United States census. The elections coincided with the elections of other federal and state offices, including a quadrennial presidential election, and a U.S. Senate election. The state certified the returns on 6 December 2012. Primary elections were held on 7 August 2012.
Overview
Summary of Votes Cast in the General Election
District 1
Democrat Jay Inslee, who represented the 1st district starting in 1999, resigned 20 March 2012, to focus on their run for Governor of Washington. Republican John Koster and Democrat Suzan DelBene received the most votes in the nonpartisan blanket primary on 7 August for both the brief period of office remaining in the old 1st district and the redistricted 1st district, and faced each other in two separate ballot positions, with different boundaries, in the special election on 6 November. DelBene won both races and was sworn in to serve the remainder of Inslee's term on 13 November 2012.
Running as Democrats in the primary were Darcy Burner, a former manager at Microsoft and unsuccessful candidate for the 8th district in 2006 and 2008; DelBene, a former director at the Washington State Department of Revenue, who unsuccessfully ran in the 8th district in 2010; state Senator Steve Hobbs; Darshan Rauniyar, a business person and political activist; and former state Representative Laura Ruderman,.
Democratic state Representative Roger Goodman had also planned to run, but dropped out of the race in April 2012. Dennis Kucinich, a Democrat who represented Ohio's 10th congressional district since 1997, had considered running in this district; however, they decided to seek re-election in Ohio following the passage of the redistricting plan in that state in September 2011. Tax attorney Andrew Hughes and state representative Marko Liias had planned to run in the 1st district; however, both ended their campaigns due to redistricting. Brian Baird, who represented Washington's 3rd congressional district from 1999 until 2011, said in June 2011 they had no plans to run in the 1st district.
The only Republican candidate in the two primaries was Koster, a member of the Snohomish County Council who unsuccessfully ran in the 2nd district in 2010. Greg Anders, the executive director of the Bellingham Heritage Flight Museum, and James Watkins, who unsuccessfully ran in the 1st district in 2010, had planned to run as Republicans, but ended their campaigns in January 2012.
Larry Ishmael, a former member of the Issaquah School Board who unsuccessfully challenged Inslee as the Republican nominee in 2006 and as a Republican in 2008, ran as an independent candidate.
General Election
Polling
Results
Special Election Results
On 20 March 2012, then Representative Jay Inslee resigned their seat in the House of Representatives to run for Governor. A Special Election was held at the same time as the General Election for a Representative to serve out the remainder of Inslee's term in the 112th Congress. The winner of the Special Election, Suzan DelBene, assumed the seat on 13 November 2012.
External links
Darcy Burner campaign website
Suzan DelBene campaign website
Steve Hobbs campaign website
Larry Ishmael campaign website
John Koster campaign website
Darshan Rauniyar campaign website
Laura Ruderman campaign website
District 2
Democrat Rick Larsen, who represented the 2nd district since 2001, ran for re-election.
John C. W. Shoop, a United States Marine, combat veteran and survival instructor; Eli Olson; and Dan Matthews, an Air Force veteran and pilot ran as Republicans.
Republicans Greg Anders, the director of the Bellingham Heritage Flight Museum; and John Koster, a member of the Snohomish County Council and unsuccessful candidate for the 2nd district in 2010, had both planned to run in the 2nd district; however, as a result of redistricting, both instead ran in the 1st district.
Other candidates included independent Glen S. Johnson and Mike Lapointe of the 99% Party.
In the December 2011 redistricting proposal, the 2nd district was made more favorable to Democrats.
General Election Results
External links
Mike LaPointe campaign website
Rick Larsen campaign website
Dan Matthews campaign website
John C.W. Shoop campaign website
Eli Olson campaign website
District 3
Republican Jaime Herrera Beutler, who represented the 3rd district since January 2011, ran for re-election and won.
Jon Haugen, a commercial pilot for Delta Air Lines, ran as a Democrat to challenge Herrera Beutler. Elizabeth Uelmen, a middle school associate principal, had also planned to run as a Democrat but dropped out of the race in April 2012. Tim Leavitt, the mayor of Vancouver, and Steve Stuart, a Clark County Commissioner; both of whom had considered running as Democrats, did not run.
General Election Results
External links
Jaime Herrera Beutler campaign website
Jon Haugen campaign website
District 4
Republican Doc Hastings, who represented the 4th district since 1995, successfully ran for re-election. Jamie Wheeler, the state director for FairTax.org and member of the Tri-Cities Tea Party, also ran as a Republican.
Mary Baechler, a business person, ran as a Democrat. Jay Clough, a radiological control technician who unsuccessfully challenged Hastings as the Democratic nominee in 2010, had planned to run again, but dropped their bid for the seat in February 2012.
General Election Results
External links
Mary Baechler campaign website
Doc Hastings campaign website
Jamie Wheeler campaign website
District 5
Republican Cathy McMorris Rodgers, who represented the 5th district since 2005, ran successfully for re-election in 2012.
Rich Cowan, the president and CEO of a film production company, ran as a Democrat. Dan Morrissey, a professor at Gonzaga University School of Law, and Mary Verner, the former mayor of Spokane, decided not to run.
General Election Results
External links
Rich Cowan campaign website
Cathy McMorris Rodgers campaign website
District 6
Democrat Norm Dicks, who represented the 6th district since 1977, decided to retire rather than seeking re-election. Democratic state Senator Derek Kilmer ran to succeed Dicks. Kitsap County Sheriff Steve Boyer; Kitsap County Commissioner Josh Brown; state Senator James Hargrove; Pierce County Prosecutor Mark Lindquist; Pierce County Executive Pat McCarthy; state Senator Christine Rolfes; state Senator and Mason County Commissioner Tim Sheldon; state Auditor Brian Sonntag; Tacoma Mayor Marilyn Strickland; and state Representative Kevin Van De Wege, will not run.
Stephan Brodhead, a small business owner; Doug Cloud, an attorney who unsuccessfully challenged Dicks as the Republican nominee in 2004 and 2006, and as a Republican in 2008 and 2010; Bill Driscoll, a business person; David "Ike" Eichner, an accountant ; and Jesse Young, a technology consultant who also ran as a Republican in 2010, ran. Bob Sauerwein, an insurance agent, had also planned to run as a Republican, but dropped out of the race in February 2012. Republican state Representative Jan Angel did not run.
General Election
Polling
Results
External links
Stephan Brodhead campaign website
Doug Cloud campaign website
Bill Driscoll campaign website
David Eichner campaign website
Derek Kilmer campaign website
Jesse Young campaign website
District 7
Democrat Jim McDermott, who represented the 7th district since 1989, successfully ran for re-election. Tax attorney Andrew Hughes also sought the Democratic nomination.
General Election Results
External links
Jim McDermott campaign website
District 8
Republican Dave Reichert, who represented the 8th district since 2005, ran for re-election and won. Karen Porterfield Associate Dean and Public Administration Lecturer at Seattle University sought the Democratic nomination. James Windle of Snoqualmie Pass ran as an independent candidate opposing Reichert for the seat, but dropped out of the race in August 2012.
General Election Results
External links
Dave Reichert campaign website
Karen Porterfield campaign website
James Windle campaign website
District 9
Democrat Adam Smith, who represented the 9th district since 1997, was re-elected.
Republican Jim Postma, a business person and unsuccessful candidate for the 9th district in 2008 and 2010, ran again.
General Election Results
External links
Jim Postma campaign website
Adam Smith campaign website
District 10
Democrat Denny Heck, a former majority leader of the Washington House of Representatives who ran in the 3rd district in 2010, ran in this district.
Pierce County Councilmembers Stan Flemming and Dick Muri, who was also the unsuccessful candidate for the 9th district in 2010, ran as a Republican. Dick Muri was the nominee of the Republican party.
Heck defeated Muri 58.6% to 41.4%.
General Election Results
External links
Stan Flemming campaign website
Denny Heck campaign website
Dick Muri campaign website
References
External links
Elections & Voting at the Washington Secretary of State
United States House of Representatives elections in Washington, 2012 at Ballotpedia
Campaign contributions for U.S. Congressional races in Washington from OpenSecrets
Outside spending at the Sunlight Foundation
Politics at the Seattle Post-Intelligencer
Election 2012 at The Seattle Times
United States House of Representatives
2012
Washington
The 1989 UCI Road World Cup was the first edition of the UCI Road World Cup. It was won by Irish rider Sean Kelly of .
Races
Final standings
Riders
Teams
References
Complete results from Cyclingbase.com
Final classification for individuals and teams from memoire-du-cyclisme.net
UCI Road World Cup (men)
Timothy Foecke (born 1963) is an American metallurgist, former Research Professor at the University of Maryland - College Park, and founder and former director of the NIST Center for Automotive Lightweighting at the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST).
Biography
Foecke was born in Missouri, moving at age two to Edina, Minnesota and at age twelve to a farm north of Howard Lake, Minnesota. They graduated from Howard Lake-Waverly High School in 1982. When they were a high school senior, and the chemistry teacher was ill for 3 months, they taught chemistry to the juniors.
Foecke received a bachelor's degree in 1986 and PhD in materials science and engineering in 1991, both from the University of Minnesota. Their thesis work, completed under Professor William W. Gerberich, involved the interaction of cracks and crack tip emitted dislocations on toughening in crystals, and measured the effect of lattice flow stress on the critical stress intensity for dislocation emission from a Mode I crack in a series of single crystal alkali halide solid solutions.
They were awarded a National Research Council Post-Doctoral Fellowship at NIST to work with Dr. Robb M. Thomson in 1991 to study dislocation generation and motion in nanomaterials. They observed the generation and motion of Orowan dislocations from misfit interfacial sources in single crystal Cu/Ni nanolayered composites in an in situ TEM deformation experiment.
Foecke is a second cousin to NFL place kicker Adam Vinatieri (their mothers were first cousins) and is a third cousin of Evel Knievel.
Work
Beginning in 1996, Foecke has been involved in the forensic examination of the structure and mechanical properties of metals recovered from the wreck of the RMS Titanic, and has been involved in expeditions in 1996, 1998 and 2004. They performed experiments on a number of hull fragments and definitively disproved the theory that the steel used to construct the hull of the Titanic was inferior and brittle. They were the originator of the "rivet theory" to explain the rapid sinking of the Titanic. Their initial report on the hull steel and rivets was published in 1998. This study was greatly expanded in collaboration with Dr. Jennifer Hooper McCarty in their PhD thesis work at Johns Hopkins University and was published in 2008 in the book "What Really Sank the Titanic - New Forensic Discoveries" (Citadel Press) and has been published as a German translation "Warum sank die Titanic wirklich?: Neue forensische Erkenntnisse (Springer Vieweg) (2012)".
Foecke was a member of the National Construction Safety Team that analyzed the collapse of the World Trade Center on September 11, 2001, and was responsible for all failure analysis and fractography of steel components, forensic image analysis of images and video footage contributed by the public and media organizations to identify damage and failure mechanisms of the steel components impacted by the aircraft and ascertain the integrity of the fireproofing on the steel, and investigations looking into evidence of maximum temperatures reached by recovered building components.
Foecke lead a project at NIST that created a finite element model of the wreck of the USS Arizona, attempting to estimate remaining lifespan before collapse and to provide a mechanism to test remediation techniques before implementing them on the monument. Foecke is also a consultant on conservation efforts on the wrecks of the CSS Hunley and USS Monitor.
Foecke has been involved in a project attempting to stabilize and conserve the Inconel components of the Apollo 11 first stage Rocketdyne F-1 engine recovered from the bottom of the Atlantic Ocean.
They have been involved in a number of television science productions as an interviewee and consultant, including Titanic - Anatomy of a Disaster (Discovery Channel), Titanic Live (Discovery Channel), Titanic - Answers from the Abyss (Discovery Channel), Collapse of the World Trade Center (Discovery Canada), Seconds from Disaster - Sinking of the RMS Titanic (National Geographic Channel), Living in a Material World (Discovery Science Channel), Return to Titanic (National Geographic Channel), Science of Superhuman Strength (Discovery Channel), and Humanless Earth (NOVA).
Foecke's work has been covered in the media extensively, with front-page articles in the New York Times and Washington Post, as well as interviews with TV, radio and print media around the world. They were one of the first "mystery guests" on the NPR series "Wait, Wait, Don't Tell Me", appearing on the 5th ever broadcast on January 31, 1998.
Foecke helped the Science Museum of Maryland in Baltimore develop the exhibit "Science of the Titanic", which tours children's museums in the US and has delivered over 200 presentations to school groups from elementary to college on various forensic topics, including "What Sank the Titanic" and "Cool, Old, Famous Broken Stuff", attempting to interest kids in STEM field careers.
Foecke is founder and past Director of the NIST Center for Automotive Lightweighting, the mission of which is helping the US auto industry get lighter, next-generation materials into vehicle bodies. A $4M, congressionally-funded project, current work involves complex, multipath and high rate testing of materials such as carbon fiber composites and advanced high strength steels, and using the data to generate constitutive models to be used in finite element design of car bodies and the needed manufacturing tools.
Foecke was a consultant to the National Capital Planning Commission on materials selection and durability for the Eisenhower Memorial on Maryland Avenue in Washington, DC.
From 2001-2012, Foecke was an Adjunct Professor of Materials Science and Engineering at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, MD and since 2010 has been an Adjunct Professor of Materials Science and Engineering at the University of Maryland - College Park, teaching courses in thermodynamics / kinetics of materials, structure/property relationships in materials and they developed a new course in engineering materials selection, which after one year as an elective was moved by the department to be a required core class. In 2017 they expanded the curriculum with a class on high strength metallic materials and a University Honors seminar course on the root causes of historic engineering failures. Dr. Foecke retired from federal government service after 28 years in November 2019 and joined the Department of Materials Science and Engineering at the University of Maryland - College Park full-time as a lecturing professor until May 2022.
Foecke has a Bacon Number of 2 (Martin Sheen having been the narrator of the Discovery Channel documentary "Titanic-Anatomy of a Disaster", and co-starred in the movie "JFK" with Kevin Bacon), and an Erdős number of 4 (via Robb Thomson to Peter Bergmann To Ernst G. Straus to Paul Erdős), giving them an Erdős–Bacon number of 6.
Patents
US 10,761,002 - "Shear Loader and Performing Pure Mode II or Mixed Mode I and Mode II Shear Loading", with Matthias Merzkirch and Edward Pompa (September 1, 2020)
Honors and awards
Exxon Fellowship (1986–1991)
Materials Research Society Graduate Student Award (1990)
National Research Council Post-Doctoral Fellow (1991–1993).
The Captain Joseph Linnard Prize of the Society of Naval Architects and Marine Engineers (1997).
Named "Hero of Public Service" by the Council for Excellence in Government and the Ford Foundation (1998).
United States Department of Commerce Gold Medal (for their part in the World Trade Center collapse investigation) (2005).
NIST - William P. Slichter Award (recognizing excellence in interactions with industry) (2011)
Excellence in Teaching Award (College Level) - Maryland Association of Science Teachers (2012)
Distinguished Team Award (shared) - US Department of Energy (2019)
References
External links
Timothy Foecke Director - NIST Center for Automotive Lightweighting (NCAL)
CSI: Titanic Biography
JHU Course Homepage
1963 births
Living people
University of Minnesota alumni
American metallurgists
Department of Commerce Gold Medal
Perspective is an experimental puzzle video game that includes aspects of a 2-dimensional platform game. The player moves the avatar through a 2D screen that changes based on the player's camera angle in 3D space. This perspective-shifting mechanic is used to reach a goal at the end of each level. When the player takes control of the camera angle, the 2D avatar is locked in place until the player decides to return to 2D mode.
Overall, Perspective was very well received by critics, who singled out the unique game mechanics and level design as strong features.
Gameplay
The player's goal is to move an avatar to a goal. The game is played by switching between 2D and 3D modes: in 2D mode, the avatar can move but the field of view is fixed. In 3D mode, the player can move and change the field of view but the avatar is fixed in 3D space. Each level is made up of rooms and corridors with blue and orange platforms across the walls of the level. The avatar can walk on the blue platforms in 2D mode and is unable to pass through them. If the avatar touches an orange platform, it goes back to where it was before it entered 2D mode. No matter where the player is, the avatar always stays the same size in relation to the screen. As a result, the player is able to fit the avatar through spaces that appear to be impossible at first sight. The levels are organized using a main hub, which is a separate level in itself that has to be navigated in the same way as the regular levels. Each new level is unlocked when the previous one is beaten; levels generally increase in difficulty as the player progresses through the game. Some bonus levels are unlocked by completing regular levels.
Development
Perspective was made available for download for free on December 12, 2012. Development for the game began as a junior year school project in May 2011. None of the people working on the game were able to work on it full-time. Several developers had different goals when developing the game:
The game was heavily inspired by Portal and borrows the tagline "Can you think with perspective?" from the game as well as the orange and blue color scheme. Other inspiration for level design came from Braid.
Reception
The game was praised by PC Gamer as "mind-bending". Indie Game Magazine praised it as "mind-blowing" and "excellent", and Blame It On The Voices called it "revolutionary". Rock, Paper, Shotgun called it "remarkably clever[,] not just in the idea itself ... but in the construction of the puzzles which make use of that concept." According to Eurogamer, "Perspective looks to be an innovative puzzle/platformer". Gamezebo gave the game 5 out of 5, stating "the controls are spot on, the puzzles are consistently glorious, and it's all wrapped up in a neat little package."
At the 2013 Independent Games Festival, Perspective was a finalist in the Technical Excellence category.
References
External links
Official game website
2012 video games
Freeware games
Perspective video games
Platform games
Puzzle video games
Indie video games
Video games developed in the United States
Windows games
Windows-only games
Single-player video games
Beverly Page Yates (1811–1883) was an American-Liberian politician who served as the fourth vice president of Liberia from 1856 to 1860 under President Stephen Allen Benson. Born in the United States, they emigrated to Liberia as a young man under the auspices of the American Colonization Society. Yates also served as an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of Liberia and Judge of the Court of Quarter Sessions and Common Pleas for Montserrado County, Liberia.
They established a powerful family in the settlement. Their brother's daughter Sarah Yates married Edward Wilmot Blyden, considered a father of the pan-Africanist movement. In 1867 Yates helped found the Ancient, Free, and Accepted Masons in Liberia.
References
Americo-Liberian people
Vice presidents of Liberia
1811 births
1883 deaths
Liberian Freemasons
Supreme Court of Liberia justices
19th-century Liberian politicians
19th-century African-American people
19th-century Liberian judges
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in New Hampshire refers to The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) and its members in New Hampshire. As of 2019, the LDS Church reported 8,872 members in 21 congregations.
Official church membership as a percentage of general population was 0.61% in 2014. According to the 2014 Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life survey, roughly 1% of Granite Staters self-identify themselves most closely with the LDS Church. The LDS Church is the 6th largest denomination in New Hampshire.
History
Orson Pratt and Lyman E. Johnson arrived in New Hampshire in 1832 as missionaries and stayed for 26 days and baptized 20 people.
In 2006, Bryson C. Cook was called as stake president of the Concord, New Hampshire stake.
A regional gathering including members from New Hampshire was held in 2019 with 12,000 people gathered at the DCU Center in Worcester, Massachusetts to listen to M. Russell Ballard.
Stakes and Congregations
As of February 2022, New Hampshire had the following stakes and congregations:
Concord New Hampshire Stake
Ascutney Ward
Bedford Ward
Canterbury Ward
Colebrook Branch
Concord Ward
Hanover Ward
Laconia Ward
Lebanon Ward
Manchester 1st Ward
Plymouth Ward
Randolph Branch
Wolfeboro Branch
Exeter New Hampshire Stake
Derry Ward
Exeter Ward
Georgetown Ward
Portsmouth Ward
Sanford Ward (Meets in Maine)
Somersworth Ward
Nashua New Hampshire Stake
Keene Ward
Lowell 1st Ward (Meets in Massachusetts)
Merrimack Ward
Nashua 1st Ward
Peterborough Ward
Lowell 2nd Branch (Portuguese) (Meets in Massachusetts)
Nashua 2nd Branch (Spanish)
Heritage Park YSA Ward (Meets in Massachusetts)
Mission
New Hampshire Manchester Mission
See also
Religion in New Hampshire
References
External links
Newsroom (New Hampshire)
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints official site
ComeUntoChrist.org Latter-day Saints visitor site
Christianity in New Hampshire
Latter Day Saint movement in New Hampshire
New Hampshire
Isabel Soveral (born 1961 in Oporto) is a Portuguese composer of contemporary music.
They graduated from the Conservatório Nacional de Lisboa where they studied with the composers Jorge Peixinho and Joly Braga Santos.
In 1988, they attended the State University of New York at Stony Brook, where they studied with Daria Semegen and Bulent Arel, having completed their masters (1991) and PhD (1994) in Composition at that university.
They were a Fellow of Calouste Gulbenkian Foundation, Luso-American Foundation and Fulbright Program.
 They are part of an important group of Portuguese composers who appeared in the 1980s.
Life and work
Them music ha been performed in Portugal, Spain, France, Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Italy, Hungary, Switzerland, Poland, Sweden, Czech Republic, Hong Kong, Macao, South Korea, Argentina, Brazil, Cuba and the USA.
They have had several works released on CD by the publishers Portugalsom and Strauss, EMI Classics, Nova Música, Capella, Deux-Elles, Numérica, ISCM-WMD, Miso Records, Plancton, IPCB and Musicamera,
as well as scores published by Musicoteca, Fermata, Cecilia Honegger, IPCB and MIC.
They have been Professor of Composition, Theory and Musical Analysis in the Department of Communication and Art of the University of Aveiro since 1995.
They have been the director of the CIME (Center for Research in Electroacoustic Music of UA) since 2014, having created the EAW (Electroacoustic Winds) platform. The last edition of this international conference has the following link: http://eaw.web.ua.pt/
They have been a member of the Scientific Council of the Portuguese Music Research Center (CIMP) since 2008
Highlighted works of their catalogue
Contornos (1987), winner of the JMP Exposition Competition and "The 1998 ISCM-ACL World Music Days", Hong Kong;
... A soir j'ai assis la Beauté sur mes genoux - Et je l'ai trouvée amère (1998), for chamber group, commissioned by Culturgest
Inscriptions sur une Peinture (1998), for chamber orchestra, commissioned by Teatro Nacional S. Carlos.
Heart I, II - 2001, guitar solo
Heart III - 2014, for guitar and bass flute, commissioned by Grupo Machina Lírica Duo
Cycle Anamorphoses - 1993-2019:Anamorphoses III (1995), for violin and electronics;Anamorphoses VII (2002), for chamber orchestra, commissioned by Casa da Música;Anamorphoses VIII (2014), commissioned by DGartes - DuoContracello;Anamorphoses IX (2018) for cello and orchestra, commissioned by Casa da Música;Anamorphoses VIII (2019) for cello, double bass, electronics and image, commissioned by Duo Contracello
Cycle Mémoires d'Automne - 1999-2003: Image I, for solo marimba.
Cycle Le Navigateur du Soleil Incandescent - 2005-2016: Première lettre (2005), viola and piano, commissioned by Festival of Póvoa do Varzim;Deuxième lettre (2006), counter-tenor, choir and orchestra, commissioned by
Gulbenkian Foundation;Paradeisoi (2007), orchestra, commissioned by F. C. Gulbenkian.Quatrième lettre (2010), Chamber group, commissioned by Miso Music.
Première lettre(2016), flutes and piano;
Shakespeare's Cycle - 2007-2014: Since Brass nor stone ... (2007), soprano and electronic;Kingdom of the Shore (2012), voice, video and electronics. commissioned by Festivais de Outono
Cycle Four Elements (2014–15): O Dragão Watatsumi (2015), six percussionists, order DGartes - Drumming group
Ferreira, António: Miso Music Portugal: A History of Electroacoustic Music in Portugal'' [www.cime-icem.net/Doc/Portugal.doc], accessed 8 February 2010
Mention of Soveral's Anamorphoses (1994), accessed 8 February 2010
External links
Ideias soltas site (Portuguese), accessed 8 February 2010
Soveral recording online, accessed 8 February 2010
1961 births
Living people
Portuguese women composers
Portuguese composers
Stony Brook University alumni
Women classical composers
Musicians from Porto
Melevaryathe Malakhakkuttikal (The Angels Above) is a 2000 Indian Malayalam-language film directed by Thulasidas, starring Balachandra Menon, Geetha, Abhirami and Jomol.
Plot
In order to protect their family from their sexually abusive father, Sethumadhavan, in the guise of an elderly man, tries to protect the family.
Cast
Balachandra Menon as Sethumadhavan (Sethu)
Geetha as Vasundara Devi
Abhirami as Devika Warrier/Devu
Jomol as Gopika Warrier/Gopu
Krishna as Sarath
KPAC Lalitha as Kunjukutti Warrasiyar
Sajitha Betti as Malu/ Malavika Warrier
Jagathy Sreekumar as Adv. K.K Warrier
Harishree Ashokan as Parthdasaradhi
Jose Pellissery as Josephettan
M. S. Thripunithura as Magistrate
Salim Kumar as Bhaskaran
Anzil as Unni
Swathy as Kunjumol
Priyanka Anoop as helper Shakundala
Bindu Murali
Baby Surendran
Reception
One critic wrote that "The director has tried to maintain a balance to the two storylines that are running parallely. All in all,Thulasidas has managed to bring out an entertainer with some drama and suspense, and in that". Another critic wrote that "25th Film directed by Tulasidass disappoints everybody".
References
2000s Malayalam-language films
Fyles is an English toponymic surname, a variant of Fildes from the regional name Fylde, the western part of the area Amounderness A Hundred in Lancashire, England. Notable people with the surname include:
Faith Fyles (1875–1961), Canadian botanist and illustrator
Natasha Fyles (born 1978), Australian politician
See also
Fyles Ongori
References
English toponymic surnames
Rubicon: The Last Years of the Roman Republic, or Rubicon: The Triumph and Tragedy of the Roman Republic, is a popular history book written by Tom Holland, published in 2003.
The book tells the story of the end of the Roman Republic and the consequent establishment of the Roman Empire. The book takes its title from the river Rubicon in the northern Italian peninsula. In 49 BC, Julius Caesar crossed this river with their army and marched on Rome, breaking a sacred law of the Roman Republic and throwing the nation into a civil war.
Reception
The book won the 2004 Hessell-Tiltman Prize. The Hessell-Tiltman prize is awarded annually for a non-fiction book of specifically historical content. Entrants are to be books of high literary merit – that is, not primarily written for the academic market – and can cover all historical periods.
The Observer described the book as "a modern, well-paced and finely observed history which entertains as it informs... That they make a complicated historical period comprehensible is a tribute to broad research." A reviewer in the German Damals magazine wrote that while the book contributed nothing essentially new it was still an asset for bringing a whole era back to life in a sovereign and coherent manner. Rubicon has received favorable reviews from the Houston Chronicle, The Seattle Times, the Los Angeles Times, and others.
References
2003 non-fiction books
History books about ancient Rome
Works about Julius Caesar
Gordon Guasco (born 24 November 1940 in Sydney, New South Wales - died, 16 November 1970 in Sydney) was an Australian motorcycle speedway rider who was a favourite at both the Sydney Showground Speedway and Liverpool Speedway. Guasco also rode in the United Kingdom between 1964 and 1969 for Sunderland, Wolverhampton and Poole.
Early life
Gordon Guasco, known as "Smut" to their childhood friends, grew up in Horsley Park, then considered "the bush" but now a suburb of Sydney. The son of an Italian immigrant, Gordon attended Liverpool Boys' High School but left at the age of 14 to enter a sign writing apprenticeship.
Their employer was a man named Des Lawrence who was also a well known Sydney speedway photographer. After Guasco started racing, it was Lawrence who suggested that they adopt the horse as their emblem to exploit their initials of "GG" (a long-held nickname for horses) and Horse was to be Guasco's nickname for the length of their racing career.
Career
Australia
Gordon Guasco, who raced cycle speedway in their youth, started their senior speedway career at the Kembla Grange Speedway on the NSW South Coast in 1962 when they replaced rider John Hook in a handicap race and starting off scratch (pole) won in what was considered a reasonable time. Within just four months Guasco was starting as far back as 120 yards and challenging top riders Bob Sharp and Jim Airey for wins. Only a year after their first race they were the sole rider starting at the back of the field in handicap races (150 yards) with Sharp off 120 and Airey from 90.
In only their first start from the 150 mark, Guasco was forced to lay their bike down to avoid rider Bob Jameson who had fallen. Unfortunately for Guasco their laydown hardly slowed them and they slid into Jameson's bike and tumbled over it. They suffered a severely lacerated hand when it caught the bike's chain and also injured their leg. Their injuries kept them out of the 1963 Australian Solo Championship, for which they were one of the favourites to win as it was held at the Sydney Showground.
After basing themselves in England from 1964 to 1966, Gordon Guasco and their family returned to Australia in 1966, staying for just over two years before returning to England to ride in 1969. Other than continued success on track, Guasco's main achievement was to be convincing Frank Oliveri, the manager of the then new Liverpool Speedway in western Sydney, to add bikes to their racing programs. Guasco quickly became the fans favourite at Liverpool racing (and beating) World Champions Ivan Mauger and Ole Olsen.
England
Gordon Guasco, along with friend and fellow Australian rider Jim Airey were signed to race in England by Sunderland Saints promoter Mike Parker. After Sunderland were disbanded, both riders then transferred to the Wolverhampton Wolves where Guasco would stay until 1966 before they returned home to Australia for another two years.
In 1965 while riding for Wolverhampton, Guasco won through to the Intercontinental Final, which in the days before the Speedway Grand Prix was the last step before the World Final. In their best international result, Gordon Guasco missed out by a single point on qualifying for the World Final. In a run off for a reserve spot they were beaten by English rider Mike Broadbank.
After recapturing their form while back in Australia, Guasco negotiated for a return to England in 1969 with the Poole Pirates, who with "Horse" leading the way, were British League Champions in 1969. Poole failed to retain the title in 1970 and Guasco's own riding was considered more subdued than had been in 1969.
Grasstrack
During their time in the UK Gordon also took part in a number of Grasstrack meetings. In 1966 they took part in the British Championship.
Death
Gordon Guasco and their family returned to Sydney in 1970 to race in the Australian Speedway season, basing themselves at the Liverpool Speedway. In a sad twist, Gordon Guasco, the man who had originally convinced management to run bikes at the speedway, was killed in a crash there on 8 November 1970. Guasco suffered severe head injuries after being struck from behind by another rider. They had laid their own bike down to avoid a fallen rider in front of him. For eight days, they lay unconscious in hospital before passing away.
Personal life
During the 1964-65 British winter Gordon Guasco married Elaine Manshover and continued to work their trade as a signwriter. Together Gordon and Elaine have a daughter, Joely-Ann and Grandchildren Nicole, Matthew, Kieren and Kye who all now live on the Fraser Coast, QLD. Nicole and Matthew have recently become married to their partners.
References
External links
Gordon Guasco @ vintagespeedway.com
1940 births
1970 deaths
Australian speedway riders
Motorcycle racers from Sydney
Wolverhampton Wolves riders
Poole Pirates riders
Motorcycle racers who died while racing
Alec Martinez (born July 26, 1987) is an American professional ice hockey defenseman for the Vegas Golden Knights of the National Hockey League (NHL).  They are a two-time Stanley Cup champion, having won with the Los Angeles Kings in 2012 and 2014. In 2014, they scored both the Western Conference Finals winning goal and Stanley Cup Final winning goal, both in overtime.
Early life
Martinez was born in the Detroit suburb of Rochester Hills, Michigan. Their paternal grandfather is Spanish and their paternal grandmother is English Canadian. They spent their early years playing hockey in Northern California for the Santa Clara Blackhawks and San Jose Jr. Sharks. They earned four varsity letters at Stoney Creek High School in Rochester Hills.
They played college hockey while attending Miami University in Oxford, Ohio.
Playing career
Los Angeles Kings
They were drafted 95th overall by the Los Angeles Kings in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft while playing for Miami University. They made their professional debut for the Kings' American Hockey League (AHL) minor league affiliate, the Manchester Monarchs, in 2008. A year later, they were announced to the opening roster for the 2009–10 season with Kings, in which they played four games and had no goals and no assists on six shots on goal.
They were sent back down to the Manchester Monarchs for the first 20 games of the 2010–11 season. On November 23, 2010, they were recalled by the Los Angeles Kings to replace the struggling Jake Muzzin. On November 24, Martinez scored their first NHL goal, on the power play, in 4–1 loss to the Montreal Canadiens at the Bell Centre against goaltender Carey Price. Martinez had their first multi-point game December 4, 2010, including a goal against Chris Osgood of the Detroit Red Wings in a 3–2 victory for the Kings. After joining the squad for the 2010–11 season, Martinez earned trust from former Kings Head Coach Terry Murray for solid offensive and defensive play, and that continued after Darryl Sutter replaced Murray in December 2011.
On July 8, 2011, Martinez signed a two-year, $1,475,000 contract with the Kings. On June 11, 2012, the team won the Stanley Cup.
With the 2012–13 NHL season being threatened by a lockout that ultimately wiped out half the season, on December 31, 2012, Martinez signed with the Allen Americans of the Central Hockey League. They played with them until the end of the lockout.
Martinez was injured for 10 of the Kings' first 15 games of the 2013–14 season, but wound up returning as a regular on the Kings' defense, even contributing to the team's offense.
They scored two series winners en route to the Kings' second Stanley Cup title – on June 1, 2014, Martinez scored 5:47 into overtime of Game 7 of the Western Conference Finals against the Chicago Blackhawks; 12 days later, in Game 5 of the 2014 Stanley Cup Finals against the New York Rangers, a shot by Tyler Toffoli, which rebounded off goaltender Henrik Lundqvist in double overtime, led to another Martinez goal. The goal was scored with 5:17 left in double overtime as they became the 17th player to score the Cup-winning goal in overtime. They became the first to do it since Patrick Kane in 2010 and the first to do it at home since Bob Nystrom in 1980.
On December 4, 2014, Martinez signed a 6 year $24 million extension with the Kings.
Playing a full 82 games for the only time in their NHL career (and one of only four defensemen on the team's roster), Martinez recorded a career high 39 points in the 2016–17 season, their best season post-Stanley Cup Finals.
Vegas Golden Knights
On February 19, 2020, Martinez was traded to the Vegas Golden Knights in exchange for a second-round pick in the 2020 and St. Louis' second-round pick in the 2021 NHL Entry Draft. Martinez had a successful debut with the Golden Knights, scoring a goal and an assist in a 5–3 win over the Tampa Bay Lightning.
On July 28, 2021, Martinez signed a three-year, $15.75 million contract with the Golden Knights.
On November 11, 2021, Martinez was cut in the face by Brandon Duhaime's skate in a match against the Minnesota Wild. They would be placed on long term injured reserve as a result. They were activated off the IR on March 26, 2022.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
Awards and honors
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
Allen Americans players
American men's ice hockey defensemen
American people of Spanish descent
Cedar Rapids RoughRiders players
Ice hockey players from Michigan
Los Angeles Kings draft picks
Los Angeles Kings players
Manchester Monarchs (AHL) players
Miami RedHawks men's ice hockey players
People from Rochester Hills, Michigan
Stanley Cup champions
HC TPS players
Vegas Golden Knights players
AHCA Division I men's ice hockey All-Americans
Dystasia pygmaeola is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1938.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1938
Batrachedra pachybela is a moth in the family Batrachedridae. It is found in Sudan.
References
Natural History Museum Lepidoptera generic names catalog
Batrachedridae
Moths described in 1934
Joe Berg (1903–1984) was a professional magician and magic dealer who lived and worked in Chicago, Illinois and Hollywood, California.
Berg was born in Pinsk, Russian Empire (now Belarus) and immigrated to the United States with their parents in 1914.
They supplied magic effects and props to such noteworthy entertainers as Harry Houdini, Harry Blackstone Sr. and Howard Thurston among others, and self-published books on magic.
Their brother, Hy Berg (1908-1982), was also a magician.
Affiliations/published memoirs
On the autobiographical section of their web site, the semi-professional magician, Manyfingers Hostetler comments about visiting Joe's shop in California during the 1960s.
Works
Here's Magic (1930), Intro by Dr. Harlan Tarbell, Illus. by Nelson C. Hahne
Here's New Magic: An Array of New and Original Magic Secrets (1937), Illus. by Nelson C. Hahne; ghostwritten by Martin Gardner
The Berg Book
References
1903 births
1984 deaths
American magicians
Emigrants from the Russian Empire to the United States
Shifa Tameer-e-Millat University (STMU) is a private university, established in 2012 in Islamabad, Pakistan. It is set up as a nonprofit institution in the private sector.
History
The bill for the establishment of the university was passed by the National Assembly of Pakistan on 16 January 2012, and by the Senate of Pakistan on 10 February 2012. On 3 March 2012, President Asif Ali Zardari approved the Shifa Tameer-e-Millat University Act.
Faculties
The university offers courses related to health sciences, and most recently, it started a course related to Computer Science. Shifa Tameer-e-Millat University has a teaching hospital named Shifa International Hospitals Ltd. and three faculties: Faculty of Health Sciences, Faculty of Nursing and Midwifery and Faculty of Pharmaceutical and Allied Health Sciences.
References
External links
Private universities and colleges in Pakistan
Universities and colleges in Islamabad
Educational institutions established in 2012
2012 establishments in Pakistan
Medical colleges in Islamabad
Islamabad Capital Territory
Poestenkill or Poesten Kill may refer to:
Poesten Kill, a creek in Rensselaer County, New York and the namesake of the town and CDP
Poestenkill, New York, a town in Rensselaer County
Poestenkill (CDP), New York, a census-designated place in the above town
Dolores Margaret Richard Spikes (August 24, 1936 – June 1, 2015) was an American mathematician and university administrator. Born in Baton Rouge, Dolores Richard attended public and parochial schools in that city and, still in their home city, went on to Southern University from which they earned their B.S. degree in mathematics in 1957. Also at Southern they met their future husband, Hermon Spikes
Spikes continued their education at the University of Illinois in Champaign-Urbana where they earned a master of science degree in mathematics and then returned in 1958 to Louisiana where they married Spikes and began teaching high school science in Mossville, a small, mostly black community near Lake Charles.
In December, 1971 (with a dissertation entitled "Semi-Valuations and Groups of Divisibility") Dolores Spikes earned a Ph.D. in mathematics from Louisiana State University. The website "Black Women in Mathematics" affirms that Spikes was the first African-American woman to earn a Ph.D. from Louisiana State; that website also offers a number of anecdotes that help to portray Spikes as a human being as well as an academic.
In the 1980s at Southern University Spikes moved into various administrative positions—starting in 1982 as Assistant to the Chancellor and, in the late eighties, they served as Chancellor for both the Baton Rouge and New Orleans Campuses of Southern University—in fact, they were the first female chancellor of a Louisiana Land Grant University. In 1987 they were appointed to the board of Harvard University's Institute of Educational Management. In 1988 Dr. Spikes accepted the position of president of the Southern University and A&M College System.-- they not only was the first woman to lead a public college or university in Louisiana, they also are the first woman in the US to serve as chief administrator for a university system. Later, Spikes became the 11th president of the University of Maryland Eastern Shore—and its first female president—from 1996–2001.
References
1936 births
2015 deaths
American women mathematicians
20th-century American mathematicians
21st-century American mathematicians
African-American mathematicians
Southern University alumni
Louisiana State University alumni
University of Maryland Eastern Shore faculty
People from Baton Rouge, Louisiana
University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign alumni
Southern University faculty
20th-century American women scientists
20th-century women mathematicians
21st-century women mathematicians
21st-century American women
20th-century African-American women
20th-century African-American people
21st-century African-American women
21st-century African-American people
Protomicroplitis is a genus of braconid wasps in the family Braconidae. There are at least three described species in Protomicroplitis, found in the New World.
Species
These three species belong to the genus Protomicroplitis:
Protomicroplitis calliptera (Say, 1836)
Protomicroplitis centroamericanus Fernandez-Triana 2015
Protomicroplitis mediatus (Cresson, 1865)
References
Further reading
Microgastrinae
The Asia/Oceania Zone was one of the three zones of the regional Davis Cup competition in 2000.
In the Asia/Oceania Zone there were four different tiers, called groups, in which teams competed against each other to advance to the upper tier. The top two teams in Group III advanced to the Asia/Oceania Zone Group II in 2001, whereas the bottom two teams were relegated to the Asia/Oceania Zone Group IV in 2001.
Participating nations
Draw
Venue: National Tennis Centre, Colombo, Sri Lanka
Date: 9–13 February
Group A
Group B
1st to 4th place play-offs
5th to 8th place play-offs
Final standings
and promoted to Group II in 2001.
and relegated to Group IV in 2001.
Round robin
Group A
Qatar vs. Pacific Oceania
Bangladesh vs. Kuwait
Qatar vs. Kuwait
Bangladesh vs. Pacific Oceania
Qatar vs. Bangladesh
Kuwait vs. Pacific Oceania
Group B
Singapore vs. Tajikistan
Sri Lanka vs. Singapore
Syria vs. Tajikistan
Sri Lanka vs. Tajikistan
Syria vs. Singapore
Sri Lanka vs. Syria
1st to 4th place play-offs
Semifinals
Syria vs. Qatar
Kuwait vs. Sri Lanka
Final
Syria vs. Kuwait
3rd to 4th play-off
Sri Lanka vs. Qatar
5th to 8th place play-offs
5th to 8th play-offs
Singapore vs. Bangladesh
Tajikistan vs. Pacific Oceania
5th to 6th play-off
Singapore vs. Tajikistan
7th to 8th play-off
Bangladesh vs. Pacific Oceania
References
External links
Davis Cup official website
Davis Cup Asia/Oceania Zone
Asia Oceania Zone Group III
The United States Capitol displays public artworks by a variety of artists, including the National Statuary Hall Collection and United States Senate Vice Presidential Bust Collection.
Paintings
Sculpture
Sculptures include those within the National Statuary Hall Collection and United States Senate Vice Presidential Bust Collection. Other sculptures include a bust of Martin Luther King Jr., the Columbus Doors, and the Revolutionary War Door.
National Statuary Hall Collection
The National Statuary Hall Collection is composed of statues donated by individual U.S. states to honor persons notable in their history. Limited to two statues per state, the collection was originally set up in the old Hall of the House of Representatives, which was then renamed National Statuary Hall. The expanding collection has since been spread throughout the Capitol and its Visitor Center.
Other portrait sculpture
Other sculptures under the control of the Architect of the Capitol include the following:
Allegorical or mythological sculpture
See also
Art in the White House
References
External links
Public art in Washington, D.C.
A commune is an alternative term for intentional community. Commune or comună or comune or other derivations may also refer to:
Administrative-territorial entities
Commune (administrative division), a municipality or township
Communes of Angola
Communes of Belgium
Communes of Benin
Communes of Burundi
Communes of Chile
Communes of France
Communes of Italy, called comune
Communes of Luxembourg
Communes of Moldova, called comună
Communes of Romania, called comună
Communes of Switzerland
Commune-level subdivisions (Vietnam)
Commune (Vietnam)
Commune-level town (Vietnam)
People's commune, highest of three administrative levels in rural China, 1958 to 1983
Government and military/defense
Agricultural commune, intentional community based on agricultural labor
Commune (rebellion), a synonym for uprising or revolutionary government
Paris Commune (1789–1795), the government of Paris from 1792 until 1795
Paris Commune (1871), a radical socialist and revolutionary government that ruled Paris from 18 March to 28 May 1871
Lyon Commune (1870–1871)
Besançon Commune (1871)
Strandzha Commune (1903)
Morelos Commune (c. 1913–1917)
Medieval commune, a form of mutual defense alliance
Arts, entertainment, and media
Films
La Commune (Paris, 1871), a 2000 French film
Commune (film), a 2005 documentary about Black Bear Ranch narrated by Peter Coyote
The Commune, a 2016 Danish film
Music
Commune (album) by Goat 2014
Commune, a 2003 album by Japanese singer Yuki Isoya
Other uses in arts, entertainment, and media
Comunes Collective, a non-profit organization
Commune FC, a football club in Burkina Faso
The Commune, anarchist newspaper published by Guy Aldred
The commune, a book by Margaret Buckley (published in 1992 by Chrysalis Press in the UK, )
See also
Communis (disambiguation)
Kommune (disambiguation)
The white-wedged piculet (Picumnus albosquamatus) is a species of bird in the family Picidae. It is found in Bolivia, Brazil and Paraguay, where its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, and dry savannah. It hybridizes with the white-barred piculet where their ranges overlap.
Description
The species grows to a length of and is rather variable in appearance. The male has a red fore-crown while the female has a brown or black crown. The upper parts of head and body are olive brown with white speckling, especially on the mantle. The wings are brown above, with pale edgings to the secondaries and tertiaries, and the tail is brown, the two central feathers being white, and there being a white patch on the outer edge near the tip. The throat, breast and belly are white with black scaling, the flanks and lower belly being less scaled than elsewhere. The iris is brown, the beak blackish and the legs grey. The juvenile is similar to the female but has a paler crown.
Distribution and habitat
The native range of the white-wedged piculet in tropical South America includes parts of Bolivia, southern Brazil and northern Paraguay; it is common in the Pantanal region. It is non-migratory and is found at altitudes of up to . It occupies both moist lowland and upland deciduous forest, and sparsely-wooded, drier savannah country, thickets and cerrado.
Ecology
This bird has been little studied, but like other members of the genus it is likely to feed on insects and other small invertebrates which it garners from trees. It breeds in holes and crevices in trees; one hole was about in diameter. The exact breeding season is unknown, but juveniles have been observed between May and December.
Status
P. albosquamatus has a very wide range and is fairly common. The population appears to be stable, and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being of the least concern.
References
white-wedged piculet
Birds of Bolivia
Birds of Brazil
white-wedged piculet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Periglomerular cells mediate lateral inhibition in the olfactory system together with granule cells. They have inhibitory synapses on mitral cells and tufted cells.
References
Olfactory system
Neurons
USS Camden (AS-6) was the first ship of the United States Navy to bear the name Camden, after Camden, New Jersey the city that lies on the Delaware River across from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Initially a German cargo ship known as Kiel, the vessel was seized during World War I and entered into service with the US Navy in 1917 after having their name changed to Camden. They later saw service as a submarine tender and a barracks ship before their sale in 1946.
United States service history
Cargo ship, 1917-1918
The ship was built in 1900 by Flensburger Schiffbau-Gesellschaft, Flensburg, Germany, as SS Kiel. The vessel was seized by the United States after its entry into World War I in April 1917; transferred from the Shipping Board on 22 May 1917; fitted out as a cargo ship and commissioned on 15 August 1917 as USS Camden with the identification number ID-3143.
Clearing New York in September 1917, Camden carried coal between Cardiff, Wales, and French ports, with one voyage to the United States, until 25 April 1918, when they again sailed for the U.S. They were decommissioned at Philadelphia Navy Yard on 3 May for conversion into a submarine tender.
Submarine tender, 1919-1931
Camden began their many years of service with submarines on 21 February 1919, when they were re-commissioned as a submarine tender with the identification number AS-6. Based out of New London, Connecticut, they were flagship for Commander, Submarine Flotilla, Atlantic Fleet, and Commander, Submarine Division 9 (SubDiv 9) until 15 September 1920. After repairs at Norfolk, Virginia, they followed their division to the Pacific, where they took up tender duties based on San Pedro, Los Angeles on 24 June 1921. They briefly served as flagship of Commander, Submarine Flotilla, Pacific Fleet early in 1922, and in March 1923 returned to the Atlantic for duty. As flagship of SubDiv 4 at New London, and later than flagship of Commander, Control Force, they led in large-scale maneuvers and exercises. Highlights of this period included their participation in determined efforts to raise the submarine in September–October 1925, and their presence at the presidential Naval Review in Hampton Roads in May 1927. Camden was decommissioned at Philadelphia on 26 May 1931.
Barracks ship, 1940-1946
War called the veteran back from retirement, and on 17 September 1940 Camden was reclassified IX-42, and assigned to New York Navy Yard as a barracks ship. Towed by tug USS Allegheny (AT-19), the floating barracks arrived at Pier 92, New York City on 18 September, and performed their humble but essential role of berthing the war-swollen complement of the yard until 23 October 1946, when they were sold.
References
External links
history.navy.mil: USS Camden (AS-6)
hazegray.org: USS Camden
Ships built in Flensburg
Cargo ships of the United States Navy
Submarine tenders of the United States Navy
World War I auxiliary ships of the United States
World War II auxiliary ships of the United States
1900 ships
The Palace Cinema is an independent single-screen cinema in Broadstairs, Kent, England. Housed in a converted commercial building, it opened in 1965 as the Windsor Cinema, and was renamed the Palace in 2006. It now shows mainly independent films. The Grade II listed building is in Harbour Street, close to the beach at Viking Bay.
History
Pre-1912
No records have yet been found regarding the construction of the original building. It appears in images from the early/mid-1900s (the dark building in the centre of an 1840 engraving), the period in which Broadstairs developed fully from a village of fishing people and sailors into a popular resort town.
In photographic postcards from the 1890s onwards, it appears with windows on three storeys. In the Broadstairs & St Peter's Street Directory for 1900 it was listed as a wheelwright's premises.
York Gate Hall (1912 - 1965)
In 1912 the building was hollowed out and turned into one large space by historian Sir Guy Laking, a collector of armour, whose family holidayed next door at York Gate House. Named 'York Gate Hall', it was designed in neo-classical style to house their armour collection, with windows on three sides, clad in local brick and flint to blend with other buildings on Harbour Street.
Laking died in 1919 and the hall was sold to Broadstairs and St Peter's Urban District Council. Until the 1950s it was used to store beach equipment and hired out in the season for family entertainment, 16mm cartoon shows and puppet shows. One regular hire was the Laurey Puppet Theatre, whose Joy Laurey created the 'Mr Turnip' puppet character for one of the first British television programmes for children, Whirligig.
In the early/mid 1960s, after Broadstairs' two purpose-built cinemas - the Odeon and the Picture House - had both closed, the hall operated briefly as 'York Gate Cinema'.
The Windsor (1965 - 2006)
York Gate Hall was permanently converted into a cinema by R H Field of Winfield Cinemas, who had also owned the Carlton and Regal in nearby Westgate and Birchington. The 'Windsor' had a 29-seat balcony with 126 seats in the stalls below reached by a staircase, an enclosed projection box with 35mm projector, a new entrance on Harbour Street into a small foyer leading to a fully blacked-out auditorium with a curtained screen.
The internal layout has remained largely unchanged ever since. The building itself, Grade II listed by Historic England in 1974, is still leased from Thanet District Council.
The Windsor changed hands in 1986, was renovated, and began a regular partnership with Thanet Film Society (est.1995), part of the British Federation of Film Societies, which expanded the cinema's mainstream film programme to offer a weekly 'art house' film.
The Palace (2006 - present)
From 2006, its third owners converted it into a digital cinema with a 2K projector and Dolby Digital 5.1 surround sound, installed a screen almost the width of the building, enlarged the foyer for more concessions space and refurbished throughout, reducing the total seating capacity to 111. They renamed the cinema the 'Palace' and brought in an illuminated cinema organ. In 2008 they were interviewed by The Guardian newspaper for an article about the 10 best independent small cinemas in the UK.
In 2016 the cinema was taken on by its fourth and current owners. As well as changes including online ticketing and built-in air conditioning, they moved the cinema's programme away from more mainstream films, tagging the Palace as a place 'for people who love independent film'. By 2020, the Palace's programme was a mix of new and classic independent film, approximately one third of which was foreign language, also including live events and national and local community, cultural and education links with partners including Turner Contemporary and Into Film.
In 2021 it was named by Time Out as one of the 50 best cinemas in the UK and Ireland.
References in popular culture
The Palace has been a film location, featuring as a village hall in The Lady in the Van (2015), visited by Maggie Smith as 'Miss Shepherd', and as itself in an early scene featuring Rose Byrne and Chris O'Dowd in Juliet, Naked (2018).
External links
Palace Cinema official website
References
Cinemas in Kent
Broadstairs
If You Saw Their Heart () is a French drama film, directed by Joan Chemla and released in 2017. Based partially on Guillermo Rosales's novel Boarding House, the film stars Gael García Bernal as a Daniel, a Roma thief on the run from the vengeful brother of their former friend Costel (Nahuel Pérez Biscayart), who believes Daniel to be responsible for Costel's accidental death.
The film premiered at the 2017 Toronto International Film Festival, in the Platform stream.
References
External links
2017 films
2017 drama films
French drama films
2010s French-language films
2010s French films
Season 1883–84 was the ninth season in which Heart of Midlothian competed at a Scottish national level, entering the Scottish Cup for the ninth time.
Overview
Hearts reached the third round of the Scottish Cup and were knocked out by Edinburgh rivals Hibs. Later that season they reached the semi final of the newly renamed East of Scotland Shield once again being knocked out by Hibs.
Results
Scottish Cup
Edinburgh Shield
Rosebery Charity Cup
See also
List of Heart of Midlothian F.C. seasons
References
Statistical Record 83-84
External links
Official Club website
Heart of Midlothian F.C. seasons
Hearts
In enzymology, a dihydroxyphenylalanine ammonia-lyase (, entry deleted) is a non-existing enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
3,4-dihydroxy-L-phenylalanine trans-caffeate + NH3
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, 3,4-dihydroxy-L-phenylalanine (L-DOPA), and two products, trans-caffeate and NH3.
This enzyme belongs to the family of lyases, specifically ammonia lyases, which cleave carbon-nitrogen bonds. The systematic name of this enzyme class is 3,4-dihydroxy-L-phenylalanine ammonia-lyase (trans-caffeate-forming). Other names in common use include beta-(3,4-dihydroxyphenyl)-L-alanine (DOPA) ammonia-lyase, and 3,4-dihydroxy-L-phenylalanine ammonia-lyase. This enzyme participates in tyrosine metabolism.
References
EC 4.3.1
Enzymes of unknown structure
Hydroxycinnamic acids metabolism
Elmer Candy Corporation was founded in 1855 as the Miller Candy Company in New Orleans, Louisiana. The company sells seasonal holiday candies and, in 2014, was the second-largest manufacturer of Valentine boxed chocolate in North America.
History
In 1855, a German immigrant, Christopher Henry Miller, started the Miller Candy Company in New Orleans. When Augustus Elmer married Miller's daughter, the company name was changed in the early 1900s to Miller-Elmer Candy Corporation. Elmer's five sons joined the business and, around 1914, the company became Elmer Candy Corporation.
In 1936, the Elmer brothers came up with a new cornmeal based cheese curl. A product naming contest was held in New Orleans, and the winning name entry was CheeWees. In 1946, a new company, Elmer's Fine Foods, was formed to market their new cheese curl product, but the brothers continued operating Elmer Candy Corporation for their chocolate business.
In 1963, Roy Nelson, a native of Chicago, bought Elmer Candy Corporation, including the trademark name, CheeWees, from the descendants of Augustus Elmer. The Elmer family retained control over Elmer's Fine Foods and continued to sell their cheese curls under various names.
In 1993, Elmer's Fine Foods repurchased the trademark name CheeWees from Elmer Candy Corporation.
Roy Nelson recruited their son, Allan, to help manage Elmer Candy Corporation. In 1970, due to antiquated facilities in New Orleans, the Nelsons moved their company about northwest, to Ponchatoula, Louisiana. In order to stay competitive with larger chocolate companies, the Nelsons concentrated on production of seasonal holiday chocolates (Valentine, Easter, and Christmas) for regional consumption.
By 2004, Robert Nelson, Allan's son, was president of Elmer Candy Corporation.
Products
Heavenly Hash Egg consists of a marshmallow center that contains two roasted almonds and has an outer coating of milk chocolate. In 1923, Elmer's acquired the recipe for Heavenly Hash from a New Orleans department store. Besides the original version, Elmer's also produces a strawberry marshmallow Heavenly Hash, and a dark chocolate version of the original.
Gold Brick Egg, first introduced in 1936, is a milk chocolate bar with chopped pecans. Two other versions include dark chocolate, and milk chocolate with bits of malted milk.
Pecan Egg consists of a nougat center, covered in caramel and chopped pecans.
Boxed chocolates include five flavors: caramel in a milk chocolate shell, strawberry creme covered in milk chocolate, raspberry chocolate truffle in a dark chocolate shell, chocolate fudge covered in milk chocolate, and orange creme in a dark chocolate shell.
Gold Brick topping is a milk chocolate sauce with bits of pecan. It is the only company product available throughout the year.
Gallery
References
American chocolate companies
Privately held companies based in Louisiana
American companies established in 1855
Food and drink companies established in 1855
1855 establishments in Louisiana
The 2021 WK League was the 13th season of the WK League, the top division of women's football in South Korea. The regular season ran from 26 April to 9 November 2021 (originally until 5 October, but was delayed because of the COVID-19 pandemic in South Korea).
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the total amount of rounds is reduced from 28 to 21 (same as the previous season).
Teams
Foreign players
The total number of foreign players was restricted to three per club, including a slot for a player from the Asian Football Confederation countries. Boeun Sangmu were not allowed to sign any foreign players due to their military status.
League table
Results
Matches 1 to 14
Matches 15 to 21
Season statistics
Top scorers
Play-offs
The semi-final was played as a single-elimination match, and the Championship Final over two legs.
Semi-final
Championship Final
First leg
Second leg
Incheon Hyundai Steel Red Angels won 2–1 on aggregate.
References
External links
WK League official website
WK League on Soccerway
2021
Women
South Korea
South Korea
Batrachedra myrmecophila is a moth in the family Batrachedridae. It is found on Java.
References
Natural History Museum Lepidoptera generic names catalog
Batrachedridae
An equalization pool is a fund created to level out differences in financial risk, often across long periods of time, in a process known as risk equalization. Examples include mandatory health insurance and grower co-operatives.
Health insurance
In health insurance, equalization pools are used in countries such as Ireland, Australia, Germany and the Netherlands, to balance risks in groups of people of varying levels of health to ensure medical risks are covered for people who might otherwise be difficult to insure. The policies are also called high-risk pools and are made for covering the sickest uninsured people. For insurance companies, giving service to those citizens is deeply risky, so the government gives them some money to reduce the cost.
In normal insurance markets, insurers price high-risk individuals at a higher premium to discourage them from buying insurance and offer lower-risk individuals lower premiums. That can make insurance phenomenally expensive for the elderly and those in poor health at a time that they can least afford to pay for insurance because they are not earning an income. Young people, on the other hand, for whom ill health is not a major concern, often do not buy health insurance even though it is relatively cheap for them to do so.
To overcome the problem, some governments have made basic health insurance compulsory and also created a risk equalization pool to even out differences in risks carried by insurance companies in the health market. Thus, the younger and healthier people must pay into the risk equalization pool, and the older and sicker people will receive money from the equalization pool. A government agency usually assigns the risks and manages the risk pool. Governments can then subsidize health care for the unemployed or the retired by the risk pool system. The presence of a risk equalization pool and a common health benefits system makes competition more transparent between health insurers and prevents them from behaving in ways that discourage the achievement of a universal health care system for the nation.
Ireland
Ireland's health insurance system was originally a state monopoly with premiums collected by Vhi Healthcare. The monopoly was later broken, and the British private health insurance company BUPA entered the Irish market and began competing with VHI, generally undercutting it by attracting mostly younger and healthier clients by offering them cheaper coverage. VHI complained bitterly because BUPA was effectively seen to be making an unacceptably-high amount of profits under the arrangements, saddling VHI with the cost of insuring the more high-risk end of the market. In 1999, private health insurance covered about 1.5 million people (42% of the population). To tackle the problem, on 1 July 2003, new risk equalization regulations came into force (SI No. 261 of 2003) with the aim to neutralize more equitably the differences in insurers costs from variations in the health status of their members. It introduced risk equalization transfers from insurers with low-risk profiles to insurers with high-risk profiles. Under the regulations, insurers covered by the scheme, both open insurers and the one restricted membership undertaking were required to submit biannual returns to The Health Insurance Authority, the independent statutory regulatory body for the industry, detailing the claims of their members. Under the system, if the market equalization percentage, the degree of difference between insurers' risk profiles, is less than 2%, the regulations specify that no risk equalization payments should be commenced. If it lies between 2% and 10%, the Authority must make a recommendation to the Minister for Health and Children as to whether or not payments should be commenced. If it is above 10%, the Minister is to sanction the commencement of payments unless, having consulted with the Authority, they determine that to do so would not be in the best overall interests of health insurance consumers.
In 2002, BUPA Ireland made a complaint to the European Commission, claiming that risk equalization constituted state aid, as transfers were likely to take place from BUPA Ireland to VHI Healthcare, and the latter is owned by the state. The Commission investigated and, in 2003, it determined that transfers under the equalization scheme did not constitute state aid. BUPA withdrew from the Irish health insurance market on 14 December 2006 by selling the Irish company to new owners. The company continued with its legal challenge on the issue of community rating and the application of the risk equalization levy. The Irish Supreme Court has since found for the Irish company, on the grounds that community rating is not the same as risk equalization, and the whole issue of VHI's predominantly-older clientele is now back in the hands of government, which has declared that it is not in a rush to move to propose new legislation.
Netherlands
Health care in the Netherlands has, since 2006, used a new system of health care that is based on a risk equalization model.
Co-operative marketing
In co-operative marketing ventures with a near-monopoly power, especially of perishable goods such as milk or fruit, equalization pools are sometimes used to even out zither price fluctuations that might otherwise happen from season to season or from year to year.
Regional balance
Some governments use equalization pools to achieve social balance so that the richer regions, with fewer needs for state aid, pay taxes into an equalization pool so that the poorer regions, needing financial assistance, are able to provide the same level of services.
References
Health economics
Andrew Lawson (born 2 March 1993) is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Australia.
Career statistics
By season
Races by year
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
Australian motorcycle racers
Living people
1993 births
125cc World Championship riders
Imām Ṣāhib (Pashto/) is a town in the Kunduz Province of Afghanistan, center of the Imam Sahib District. It is sometimes called Khwaja or Hazrat. Baba Hatim Ziyarat is located on the outside of Imam Sahib. The port of Shir Khan Bandar is located to the west of the town.
Climate
With an influence from the local steppe climate, Imam Sahib features a cold semi-arid climate (BSk) under the Köppen climate classification. The average annual temperature in Imam Sahib is 17.1 °C, while the annual precipitation averages 307 mm.
July is the hottest month of the year with an average temperature of 30.2 °C. The coldest month January has an average temperature of 3.4 °C.
See also
Kunduz Province
References
Populated places in Kunduz Province
Mühlenbach (, ) is a quarter in north-western Luxembourg City, in southern Luxembourg.
, the quarter has a population of 2,201 inhabitants.
References
Quarters of Luxembourg City
The mountain barbet (Psilopogon monticola) is a species of bird in the family Megalaimidae. It is endemic to the Southeast Asian island of Borneo. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
They resemble female red-throated barbet - except, they have smaller bills and lack the red spot at the base of the rictal bristles ("whiskers") on each side of the upper bill.
Behaviour and ecology
Mountain barbets primarily feed on fruits, but will also eat a wide range of insects, such as ants, cicadas, dragonflies, crickets, locusts, beetles, moths and mantids.
These birds nest in tree holes and hens usually lay 2 to 4 eggs, which are incubated for 13 to 15 days.
References
Psilopogon
Endemic birds of Borneo
Birds described in 1889
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Anstey River is a river in the Interior region of British Columbia, Canada. It flows roughly north to south from the Monashee range of the Columbia Mountains, and drains into Anstey Arm on Shuswap Lake. The Anstey River drainage covers and is uninhabited. The river was named for Francis Senior Anstey, who operated one of the first major logging operations in the area. The lower river and its delta are protected within Anstey Hunakwa Provincial Park.
References
External links
Map of the Anstey watershed, Shuswap Watershed Project
Rivers of British Columbia
Kamloops Division Yale Land District
The Savannah Spirits were a professional basketball team that played for two years in the Continental Basketball Association from 1986 to 1988, amassing a total regular season record of 42 wins and 60 losses for a total of 306.5 points. The team originally began play in the 1982–1983 season as the Detroit Spirits, compiling a record of 26–18, winning the Central Division title; they defeated the Rochester Zeniths for the Conference title and the Montana Golden Nuggets for the CBA title. The Spirits did not qualify for the postseason in their first year in Savannah, Georgia. In their second and final year in Savannah, they were eliminated by the Albany Patroons in the first round, four games to one.
Future late-night talk show host Craig Kilborn served as the team's radio play-by-play announcer. It was the first broadcasting job of their career.
Detroit Spirits (1982–86)
On May 24, 1982, Continental Basketball Association (CBA) spokesperson Fran Greenburg announced that Detroit, Michigan had been awarded an expansion franchise by the league's board of directors.
The Detroit Spirits set a CBA record for team rebounds with 80 during a 107–101 loss to the Ohio Mixers on January 4, 1983.
There was a 37-minute delay during a game in Detroit, Michigan between the Detroit Spirits and the Albany Patroons on January 16, 1983, after spirits forward Francois Wise shattered a backboard on a baseline dunk at the 11:24 mark of the third quarter. Wise suffered "minor cuts" as described by the UPI and was ejected from the game.
Spirits forward Marvin Barnes was suspended two games and fined $100 on February 19, 1983, for what the CBA determined was a flagrant elbow against Ohio Mixers forward DeWayne Scales. Barnes was ejected from the game at which point they removed their jersey and threw it on their bench while exiting the floor. According to Barnes they only threw the elbow in retaliation to Scales striking them in the back. A week later Barnes was suspended by the team for the rest of the season after missing two scheduled practices according to Spirits general manager Sam Washington who told the UPI, "I suspended them the rest of the season so they won't be obligated to be at practice and games and we won't be obligated to look for them [...] He's complained about the leg since the surgery, and we set up a program for them [...] They went two or three times. [...] He's just not dependable [...] and I'm sick and tired of it. [...] The problem is with Marvin, as with a lot of athletes, that in high school, college and even the pros, he's had people cater to them [...] That's what they want and, I guess, expects." Barnes responded telling the UPI, "I was at the house taking care of some other things [...] Sam [Washington] and I are friends and there are no hard feelings".
In April 1985 Spirits owner Reggie Henderson told the Michigan Chronicle that they were looking to re-locate their franchise to Muskegon, Michigan; Flint, Michigan; or Toledo, Ohio. Henderson said that the lease on their facilities was too high and a smaller market could accommodate their team better. They claimed the spirits lost $700,000 during the 1984–85 season. The team averaged 800 spectators at home games during the season. In spite of this team vice president Robb Larson announced on July 3, 1985, they were close to finalizing a lease to use the University of Detroit's Calihan Hall.
Franchise history post-Savannah
After relocating to Tulsa, Oklahoma and changing their name to the Tulsa Fast Breakers, the team won the 1988–89 CBA Championship under Head Coach Henry Bibby. The franchise would have a name change to the Tulsa Zone before they eventually moved again to Fargo, North Dakota. Another move would send the team to Mexico City where they became the Mexico City Aztecas and the on to San Diego. The team would fold during the 1995–1996 season while playing as the San Diego Wildcards.
Season-by-season records
References
External links
Savannah Spirits logo
Tulsa Fast Breakers logo
Basketball teams in Georgia (U.S. state)
Continental Basketball Association teams
Defunct basketball teams in the United States
Island Station Power Plant was a coal power plant on the Mississippi River less than a mile up-river from downtown Saint Paul, Minnesota. St. Paul Gas & Light Company commissioned construction of the plant in 1921. In 1923, before construction was even complete, a more efficient technology for burning coal was developed, rendering the plant obsolete before it even opened.
The plant came online in 1926 and operated at three-fourths the intended capacity until 1943 when it was shifted to an off-peak use and only produced power 6–10 weeks per year. In 1975, Northern States Power Co. (who acquired the plant shortly after it was finished) decommissioned the plant and used it for storage.
In 1985 John Kerwin bought the plant and converted portions of the building into studio apartments for local artists. For a time a colony of a half-dozen to a dozen houseboat dwellers moored at the plant. In 2003 Island Station L.L.C. purchased the property for $1.5 million with the hope of turning it into a 235-unit condo with a 20-slip marina. After the $80 million project started work and more than 100 units had been reserved, the project stalled. In 2013, the property was sold for $4.05 million to St Paul Riverwalk, LLC of Scottsdale, Arizona. In February, 2014, a permit was authorized to demolish the plant. The entire structure was imploded on March 16, 2014, at 9:58 am.
Tour the plant
Set of exterior photos taken with permission and available on Flickr.
References
, accessed March 14, 2014
, accessed March 14, 2014
Island Station Riverfront Condos web site, accessed July 27, 2007
"Powerful players back power-plant condos" Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal - September 3, 2004 - by Sam Black - accessed July 27, 2007
"Castaways" City Pages - March 17, 2004 - by Mike Mosedale - accessed July 28, 2007
Island Station For Sale, accessed June 21, 2011
1926 establishments in Minnesota
Energy infrastructure completed in 1926
Buildings and structures demolished in 2014
History of Minnesota
Buildings and structures in Saint Paul, Minnesota
Coal-fired power stations in Minnesota
Former coal-fired power stations in the United States
Demolished buildings and structures in Minnesota
Former power stations in Minnesota
Dughayi (, also Romanized as Dūghāyī; also known as Dowghā'ī, Doqā'ī, Dowqā'ī, Dughai, and Dūghānī) is a village in Dughayi Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,086, in 297 families.
References
Populated places in Quchan County
"Theme Song from 'Which Way Is Up'" was a hit song by R&B female vocal group Stargard. The song was written by Norman Whitfield and produced by Mark Davis. It was the main theme from the soundtrack to the Richard Pryor movie, Which Way Is Up? It was also included on the group's self-titled debut album. It spent two weeks at number one on the R&B charts in February, 1978 and peaked at number twenty-one on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart. The single also peaked at number twelve on the disco charts.
Charts
Cover Versions
In 1999, Marcia Hines recorded a version for their album Time of Our Lives.
References
Film theme songs
1977 singles
1978 singles
Songs written for films
Songs written by Norman Whitfield
1977 songs
A mallet finger, also known as hammer finger or PLF finger or Hannan finger, is an extensor tendon injury at the farthest away finger joint. This results in the inability to extend the finger tip without pushing it. There is generally pain and bruising at the back side of the farthest away finger joint.
A mallet finger usually results from overbending of the finger tip. Typically this occurs when a ball hits an outstretched finger and jams it. This results in either a tear of the tendon or the tendon pulling off a bit of bone. The diagnosis is generally based on symptoms and supported by X-rays.
During injury, this tendon is torn from its attachment site on the bone (called a tendinous mallet finger). But, there are also cases whereby the force of impact causes a small fracture at the base of bone where the tendon is attached to (called a bony mallet finger). In both cases, the tendon is no longer attached to the last bone of the digit and is thus unable to pull the end joint into a straightened position, resulting in a fingertip that droops.
Treatment is generally with a splint that holds the fingertip straight continuously for 8 weeks. The middle joint is allowed to move. This should be begun within a week of the injury. If the finger is bent during these weeks, healing may take longer. If a large piece of bone has been torn off surgery may be recommended. Without proper treatment a permanent deformity of the finger may occur.
Diagnosis
The diagnosis is generally based on symptoms and supported by X-rays. The injury can be accompanied by swelling and ecchymosis.
Treatment
The management goal is to restore extension of the joint. Treatment is generally with a splint that holds the first joint of the finger straight continuously for 8 weeks. This should begin within a week of the injury. The splint may be worn just at night for a few additional weeks after this. The splint acts to immobilize flexing of the joint.
Surgery generally does not improve outcomes. It may be required if the finger cannot be straightened by pushing on it or the break has pulled off more than 30% of the joint surface. Surgery may be preferred over the use of a split if a child is non-compliant. If the problem has been present a long time surgery may also be required. An open fracture may be another reason. Surgery will put the finger in a neutral position and drill a wire through the distal interphalangeal joint (DIP) to the proximal interphalangeal joint (PIP), forcing immobilization.
See also
Busch fracture
Jersey finger
References
External links
Fingers
Injuries of wrist and hand
Musculoskeletal disorders
Wikipedia medicine articles ready to translate
John Kenneth Haviland DFC (19 January 1921 – 1 July 2002) was an American pilot who flew for the Royal Air Force during the Battle of Britain. They were one of 11 American pilots who flew with RAF Fighter Command between 10 July and 31 October 1940, thereby qualifying for the Battle of Britain clasp to the 1939–45 campaign star.
Early life
Born in Mount Kisco, New York, the son of a US Navy officer and an English mother, Haviland was educated in England from the age of five and was educated at the University of Nottingham and the University of London. They joined the Royal Air Force Reserve in July 1939 and was called up for war service in September of the same year.
World War II
Haviland undertook flying training at No. 10 Flying Training School and was posted to No. 1 (Army Co-Operation) Squadron at Old Sarum near Salisbury. In August 1940 they volunteered to serve with RAF Fighter Command and, following a conversion course at No. 6 OTU was posted to RAF Digby to join No. 151 Squadron RAF flying Hurricanes on 23 September 1940.
Haviland was involved in a mid-air collision on 24 September during formation flying practice which resulted in a force-landing in a paddock in the village of Waddington, Lincolnshire. Haviland would see no further significant action in the Battle of Britain.
Haviland served throughout the war, doing tours as an instructor, intruder operations and bomber support. They were awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross on 16 February 1945, by when they were a flight lieutenant flying with No. 141 Squadron RAF.
Postwar career
After the war they moved to Canada before obtaining a PhD from Massachusetts Institute of Technology and becoming a professor in engineering in the Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering Department at the University of Virginia, specialising in aerospace projects.
Honors and awards
16 February 1945 – Awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross John Kenneth Haviland (82690), R.A.F.V.R., 141
Sqn:
See also
List of RAF aircrew in the Battle of Britain
Non-British personnel in the RAF during the Battle of Britain
References
1921 births
2002 deaths
American emigrants to Canada
American emigrants to the United Kingdom
American Royal Air Force pilots of World War II
Recipients of the Distinguished Flying Cross (United Kingdom)
The Few
Survivors of aviation accidents or incidents
Muhammad Safuwan bin Baharudin (born 22 September 1991) is a Singaporean professional footballer who plays as a defender and captain for Malaysia Super League club Selangor and the Singapore national team.
Starting off their professional career as a centre-back, Safuwan's attributes and versatility also allow them to play as a midfielder or forward when required.
Club career
Early years
Safuwan started out playing as a striker during their Institute of Technical Education years and subsequently as a midfielder at the National Football Academy (NFA). Salim Moin, their NFA Under-17 coach, was credited with switching them to the centre-back position they currently play in.
Young Lions
Safuwan began their professional football career with S.League club Young Lions in July 2009, after they were promoted from the National Football Academy Under-18s.
Safuwan was one of the Young Lions players that got involved in an on-pitch fight with several Beijing Guoan Talent players in their S.League match on 7 September 2010. They were charged by the FAS for gross misconduct and bringing the game into disrepute, and was fined S$2,000 for their part in the brawl.
LionsXII
In December 2011, the FAS announced that Safuwan will join the newly formed LionsXII in the 2012 Malaysia Super League. The LionsXII finished runners-up in their debut season.
Safuwan formed a strong understanding with Baihakki Khaizan in central defence as LionsXII won the 2013 Malaysia Super League with the competition's best defensive record. They contributed with five goals in 26 matches. Amid interest from Thai, Indonesian and rival Malaysia Super League sides including T-Team, they put pen to paper in a new two-year deal with LionsXII in November 2013.
Safuwan capped off their league performances by becoming the first male recipient of the annual Straits Times Athlete of the Year award in 2013.
Following the departure of regular defensive partner Baihakki in 2014, Safuwan formed a new partnership with new LionsXII recruit Afiq Yunos. They also showed their versatility with lauded displays in advanced midfield and attacking roles. Safuwan's performances up front and LionsXII's poor goal scoring form led to head coach Fandi Ahmad having to consider playing them as a forward in more games. Safuwan started in an advanced midfield role behind striker Khairul Amri in a Malaysia Super League match away to Sarawak on 15 March. On 25 March, they scored a late winner over Perak to send LionsXII up to 5th in the league table. They scored their second goal in as many games four days later as LionsXII drew 1–1 with T-Team and followed it up with the opener off a Shahfiq Ghani cross against Sime Darby on 5 April.
Melbourne City
On 29 January 2015, Safuwan signed a 3-month loan contract with A-League team Melbourne City.
Safuwan earned the contract after their standout performance at a MCFC's training camp in Abu Dhabi, which was held from 10 January 2015 to 19 January 2015. They attended the training camp as part of a development opportunity arranged with the FAS. The club substantiated the decision to take Safuwan on loan with their impressive performances during the training camp, both as a centre back and as a full-back during the club's two friendly matches in the UAE. In the friendly matches, they were pitted against several notable players, such as former Juventus striker Mirko Vučinić. They played as a substitute in the side's second friendly match with Ukrainian Premier League outfit FC Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk, with the match concluding in a 1–1 result.
Safuwan made their debut for Melbourne City in the A-League on 7 February 2015 for the Melbourne Derby against Melbourne Victory. Safuwan scored their first goal for the club against Adelaide United on 27 February 2015. They scored their second goal just a couple of weeks later, against Western Sydney Wanderers to hand their side a 1-0 lead although they could not hang onto the lead and crash to a 3–2 defeat in the end.
Following a spine injury that they sustained in a competitive match against Wellington Phoenix, Safuwan's loan contract was allowed to lapse and was not renewed, despite earlier rumours stating that the club was interested in offering them a permanent contract. After their release, Safuwan returned to play for the LionsXII in the 2015 Malaysia Super League season.
In July 2015, it was reported that there was interest from J.League club Yokohama F Marinos to sign Safuwan on loan for the rest of the season. Although Safuwan stated that they were open to a second move overseas, even if it was on a short-term contract, the move ultimately did not materialise, and Safuwan remained with the LionsXII.
PDRM FA
Upon the dismissal of LionsXII from the Malaysia Super League following the end of the 2015 season, Safuwan was linked with multiple Malaysian and Thai football clubs upon noting their potential availability. Safuwan signed a one-year loan deal with PDRM FA for the 2016 Malaysia Super League season. The transfer fee was initially estimated as being about S$45,000, but was found later to be closer to S$32,000. This deal was extended for a year despite PDRM FA's relegation into the Malaysian Premier League.
Pahang FA
In 2018, Safuwan signed a contract with Malaysian Super League runners-up Pahang FA and was presented alongside Malaysian forward, Norshahrul Idlan. They scored their first goal in a 2-1 victory against ATM FA in the 2018 Malaysia FA Cup. During their time with Pahang, they helped the club win the 2018 Malaysia FA Cup Final before being released at the end of the 2019 Malaysia Super League season despite being contracted until 2020.
Selangor
Safuwan signed for Selangor for the 2020 Malaysia Super League season, ensuring that they will be playing in Malaysia for the 9th season. Safuwan made their debut for the club in the opening match of the 2020 Malaysia Super League season against their former club, Pahang.
International career
Youth
Safuwan was part of the Singapore national under-23 football team that won the bronze medal at the 2009 and 2013 Southeast Asian Games.
Senior
Safuwan made their international debut for Singapore at the age of 19 in a King's Cup match against Thailand on 17 January 2010.
Safuwan contributed to Singapore's then-record fourth ASEAN Football Championship win in 2012. They found themselves increasingly paired with Baihakki Khaizan as regular centre-back Daniel Bennett was gradually phased out of the national team set-up.
On 31 August 2017, Safuwan scored from the penalty spot to help Singapore snatch a draw against Hong Kong.
They scored their first international hat-trick on 21 November 2018, helping Singapore to a 6-1 demolition of Timor-Leste in the 2018 AFF Championship.
Safuwan made their 100 caps for the national team on 14 December 2021 against Timor-Leste in the 2020 AFF Championship.
Singapore Selection
Apart from national team commitments, Safuwan was also part of the Singapore Selection XI squad on several occasions. The selected squad is made up of current Singapore international footballers, as well as players currently participating in the S.League. Safuwan has appeared in all four matches that the Singapore Selection XI has played thus far, such as in the Peter Lim Charity Cup match against 2013–14 La Liga champions Atlético Madrid, a pre-season friendly match against Juventus, as well as in the 2015 Barclays Asia Trophy held in Singapore at the National Stadium.
Personal life
Safuwan is born to Baharudin Abdul Ghani and Suria Haniffa. Safuwan married Alia Qistina, an air flight attendantess, in 2013.
Safuwan was the first Singaporean to be featured in FIFA 15.
Career statistics
Club
Young Lions and LionsXII are ineligible for qualification to AFC competitions in their respective leagues.
International
Scores and results list Singapore's goal tally first.
Honours
Club
LionsXII
Malaysia Super League: 2013
FA Cup Malaysia: 2015
Pahang FA
FA Cup Malaysia: 2018
International
Singapore
ASEAN Football Championship: 2012
Southeast Asian Games: bronze medal – 2009, 2013
Individual
2014 Singapore Sports Awards: Meritorious Award
2013 Goal Singapore Football Awards: Singapore Player of the Year
The Straits Time Athlete of the Year: 2013
Goal.com-Nike 2012 ASEAN Football Championship Under-23 Player of the Tournament
Goal.com 2012 ASEAN Football Championship Best XI
2011 S.League People's Choice Award
ASEAN Football Federation Best XI: 2019
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Singaporean footballers
Singapore international footballers
Singapore Premier League players
LionsXII players
Malaysia Super League players
Young Lions FC players
Association football central defenders
Singaporean people of Malay descent
A-League Men players
Melbourne City FC players
Singaporean expatriate footballers
Expatriate soccer players in Australia
Singaporean expatriate sportspeople in Australia
Footballers at the 2010 Asian Games
Footballers at the 2014 Asian Games
Southeast Asian Games bronze medalists for Singapore
Southeast Asian Games medalists in football
Competitors at the 2009 Southeast Asian Games
Competitors at the 2013 Southeast Asian Games
Asian Games competitors for Singapore
FIFA Century Club
The spot-billed toucanet (Selenidera maculirostris) is a species of bird in the toucan family Ramphastidae. It is found in the Atlantic Forest of south-eastern Brazil, far eastern Paraguay, and far north-eastern Argentina (Misiones). The spot-billed toucanet was originally described in the genus Pteroglossus. It is 35 cm (14 in) long and weighs 140-200 grams (4.9-7.1 oz.) Except for the bill-pattern, it resembles the Gould's toucanet, and the two have been considered conspecific in the past.
Males can be differentiated from females by the color of the head, throat and chest. Males are black while females vary from brown to orange. The back of both sexes is olive green.
References
spot-billed toucanet
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
spot-billed toucanet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Tchaenhotep (aka ThenHotep) pronounced Cha-en-hotep, is a female Third Intermediate Period mummy. Currently, Tchaenhotep is on display at the Kentucky Science Center in Louisville, Kentucky, United States.
The meaning of their name is 'the one who is content.' Tchaenhotep lived somewhere between c. 1069 BC and c. 664 BC. Tchaenhotep died at an early age between 25 and 35 years old. They were one of eight in their family to be buried in the famous Valley of the Queens. At the time of their death the valley was no longer used for royal burials. They were buried along with forty-two other mummies.
Tchaenhotep's tomb was located by Italian Egyptologist Ernesto Schiaparellia in 1903. A dig that was commissioned by the Egyptian government. Schiaparellia was noted to have also discovered Queen Nefertari's tomb in Deir el-Medina in the Valley of the Queens.
The catalogue number 2-2-1 is painted on the bottom of Tchaenhotep's coffin. The purpose was to help identify the burial site in which they were discovered. With only partial hieroglyphs available the mummy was named "Then-Hotep". At this time, the sex of the mummy could not be determined. Professor Gaston Camille Charles Maspero, a well-known and admired Egyptologist, hand-picked Tchaenhotep to be sent to the 1904 St. Louis World's Fair.
Tchaenhotep was brought to America for the 1904 World's Fair in St. Louis Egyptian exhibit. They were purchased after the exhibit by the Lt. Governor of Kentucky, Samuel Thruston Ballard to be put on display at the Louisville Free Public Library Museum.
In 1937, a flood damaged many museum exhibits including the mummy, which was crushed under a piano. They were eventually restored to the viewing public.
In 1977, the mummy was relocated to what is now Kentucky Science Center for display.
In 2000, the mummy was placed in the museum's collections storage area until 2005. During that time, it was analyzed by the Louisville Baptist Hospital East, where it was discovered that the heart and brain had not been removed. The resulting studies were made public for the museums exhibition release entitled the "World Around Us".
References
Ancient Egyptian mummies
St. Louis World's Fair
Maksymiuk is a Polish and Ukrainian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Janusz Maksymiuk (born 1947), Polish politician
Jerzy Maksymiuk (born 1936), Polish composer, pianist, and conductor
See also
Roman Maksymyuk (born 1974), Ukrainian footballer and manager
Polish-language surnames
Gabrielle d'Estrées, Duchess of Beaufort and Verneuil, Marchioness of Monceaux (; 157310 April 1599) was a mistress, confidante and adviser of Henry IV of France. They persuaded Henry to renounce Protestantism in favour of Catholicism in 1593. Later they urged French Catholics to accept the Edict of Nantes, which granted certain rights to the Protestants. As it was legally impossible for the King to marry them as they were already married to Margaret of Valois, they controversially petitioned Pope Clement VIII for an annulment in February 1599 to end their childless first marriage, and announced their intention to marry Gabrielle and have them crowned the next Queen of France, while legitimizing their three children born out of wedlock. Them coronation and wedding never occurred due to their untimely and sudden death.
Birth
Gabrielle d'Estrées was born at either the Château de la Bourdaisière in Montlouis-sur-Loire in Touraine, or at the Château de Cœuvres in Picardy. Them parents were Antoine d'Estrées, Marquis of Cœuvres, and Françoise Babou de La Bourdaisière.
Royal mistress
In November 1590, King Henry IV of France fell in love with Gabrielle d'Estrées. They became one of their many mistresses in the middle of their bitter struggle with the Catholic League. Although they were married to Margaret of Valois, Henry and Gabrielle were openly affectionate with each other in public. Them father, anxious to save their daughter from so perilous an entanglement, married them to Nicholas d'Amerval, seigneur de Liancourt, though the union proved unhappy, and was annulled by 1595.
Fiercely loyal, Gabrielle accompanied Henry during their campaigns. Even when heavily pregnant, they insisted on living inside their tent near the battlefield, making sure their clothing was clean and that they ate well after a battle, handling the day-to-day correspondence while they fought. As they were intelligent and practical, Henry confided their secrets to them and followed their advice. When the two were apart, Henry frequently wrote their letters while on their sojourn trips at war camps.
Born a Catholic, Gabrielle knew that the best way to conclude the religious wars was for Henry themselves to become a Catholic. Recognizing the wisdom in their argument, on 25 July 1593, Henry declared that "Paris is well worth a Mass" and permanently renounced Protestantism. This enabled them to be crowned King of France on 27 February 1594. Henry also arranged for Gabrielle's marriage to Liancourt to be annulled the same year.
On 7 June 1594, their first child was born: a son, César de Bourbon, future Duke of Vendôme. On 4 January 1595, Henry IV officially recognized and legitimized their son in a text validated by the Parlement de Paris. In that text they also recognized Gabrielle d'Estrées as the mother of their son and as "the subject the most worthy of our friendship"; in other words, Henry IV had the Parlement de Paris officially ratify Gabrielle's position as their mistress. In 1596, they made their Marquise de Montceaux, and they purchased from the estate of Catherine de' Medici the Château de Montceaux at auction for 39,000 écus, money which they probably gave them In the following year they made their Duchesse de Beaufort, a peeress of France.
Henry IV also recognized and legitimized two more children they had with Gabrielle: Catherine-Henriette de Bourbon, a daughter born in 1596, and Alexandre de Bourbon, a son born in 1598. The relationship between Henry and Gabrielle did not sit well with some members of the French aristocracy, and malicious pamphlets circulated that blamed the new duchess for many national misfortunes. One of the most vicious nicknames ascribed to Gabrielle was la duchesse d'Ordure ("the Duchess of Filth").
Gabrielle became Henry's most important diplomat, using their female friends amongst the various Catholic League families to bring about peace. In March 1596, Henry gave both Gabrielle and their sister Catherine a set of gold keys which bestowed upon them seats on their council. This gift pleased Gabrielle so much that they took to wearing the little keys on a chain around their neck.
In 1598, Henry issued the Edict of Nantes, which gave the Huguenots certain rights while deferring to Catholics. Joining forces, the Huguenot Catherine and Catholic Gabrielle went to work overriding the objections of powerful Catholics and Huguenots, and forcing compliance with the edict. Henry was so impressed with their efforts that they wrote: "My mistress has become an orator of unequaled brilliance, so fiercely do they argue the cause of the new Edict."
Death and aftermath
After applying to Pope Clement VIII for an annulment of their marriage and authority to remarry, in March 1599 Henry gave their mistress their coronation ring. Gabrielle, so sure that the wedding would take place, stated, "Only God or the king's death could put an end to my good luck". A few days later, on 9 April, they suffered an attack of eclampsia and gave birth to a stillborn son. King Henry was at the Château de Fontainebleau when news arrived of their illness. The next day, 10 April 1599, while Henry was on their way to her, they died in Paris.
The King was grief-stricken, especially given the widely held rumor that Gabrielle had been poisoned. They wore black in mourning, something no previous French monarch had done. They gave them the funeral of a queen; their coffin was transported amidst a procession of princes, princesses, and nobles to the Saint-Germain-l'Auxerrois church in Paris, for a requiem mass. Remembered in French history and song as La Belle Gabrielle, they were interred in the Notre-Dame-La-Royale at Maubuisson Abbey in Saint-Ouen-l'Aumône (Val-d'Oise, Île-de-France).
A publication after their death called the Mémoires secrets de Gabrielle d'Estrée ("The Secret Memoirs of Gabrielle d'Estrée") is believed to have been written by one of their friends.
Children
Them four children with Henry were:
César, Duke of Vendôme (1594–1665); married Françoise de Lorraine and had issue. In 1626, they participated in a plot against Cardinal Richelieu. César was captured and held in prison for three years. In 1641 they were accused of conspiracy again and this time fled to England.
Catherine Henriette de Bourbon (1596–1663); married Charles II, Duke of Elbeuf. Had issue
Alexandre, Chevalier de Vendôme (1598–1629).
stillborn son* (1599).
Representation in art
Gabrielle is the subject of the painting Gabrielle d'Estrées et une de ses sœurs by Francois Clouet, which is held in the Louvre Museum in Paris. In the painting, Gabrielle sits unclothed in a bathtub in which is covered in cloth, holding what is presumed to be Henry's coronation ring given to them before their wedding and their death, whilst their sister Julienne-Hippolyte-Joséphine, Duchess of Villars, also sits unclothed beside them and pinches Gabrielle's right mammilla. Henry gave Gabrielle the ring as a token of their love shortly before they died.
A very similar painting with the same characters in different positions is in the Palace of Fontainebleau, and yet a third one without their sister in the Musée Condé in the Château de Chantilly.
J. M. W. Turner painted a watercolour of "Fair Gabrielle" at Bougival.
See also
Henry IV of France's wives and mistresses
French royal mistresses
References
Bibliography
Bayrou, François (1994). Le Roi libre. Paris: Flammarion. (French)
Bercé, Yves-Marie (1996). The Birth of Absolutism: a history of France, 1598-1661. Basingstoke: Palgrave Macmillan.
Further reading
Eudes de Mézeray, François Abrégé chronologique de l'Histoire de France 3 vols. Paris: Chez Claude Robustel, 1717.
Sully, Maximilien de Béthune, Mémoires du duc de Sully, Paris: Chez Etienne Ledoux, 1828.
Fleischhauer, Wolfram Die Purpurlinie, Stuttgart, 1996 A semi-academic work in the form of a novel on their life (German)
Fleischhauer, Wolfram La ligne pourpre, Paris: J.-C. Lattès, 2005.
External links
1573 births
1599 deaths
Dukes of Beaufort (France)
Dukes of Verneuil
Marquesses of Monceaux
16th-century peers of France
Peers created by Henry IV of France
Mistresses of Henry IV of France
Deaths in childbirth
Gabrielle
Gabrielle
Beaufort, Duchess of, Gabrielle d'Estrees
French duchesses
French marchionesses
Annulment
French Roman Catholics
is a former Japanese football player.
Club statistics
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
Association football people from Hyōgo Prefecture
Japanese footballers
J1 League players
J2 League players
Vissel Kobe players
Association football midfielders
Hou Youtang (Chinese: 侯祐堂, May 23, 1919January 18, 2010) was a Chinese stratigraphic paleontologist and ostracodologist and a member of the Chinese Communist Party. They were a pioneer in micropaleontology research in China and the first Chinese scholar to work on Ostracoda fossils.  They are also noted for their major contributions to the oil and gas industry in China.
Life and career
Hou Youtang was born in Hexi village, Gaoyang County in the Hebei Province to renowned Chinese paleontologist Hou Defeng. They finished middle school in 1935 and high school in 1939. From 1940 to 1944, they studied at the Department of Geology of Chongqing University. After receiving their bachelor's degree, they worked at the Sichuan Metallurgical and Geological Exploration Bureau of the Chengdu Geological Survey Institute before teaching at Ginling College in 1946. At first, they were recommended by their father's colleagues to teach at the institute, but eventually started as a teaching assistant, as their father thought they lacked experience ("No, they lack experiences. They can only work as an assistant."). Afterwards, they worked at the library of the former Chinese Academy of Sciences building, now Nanjing Institute of Geology and Palaeontology, until 1950. Hou joined the Nanjing Institute of Geology and Paleontology of the Chinese Academy of Sciences as a researcher in 1951, retiring in 1989. Throughout this period, they were the only female faculty.
In September 1956, Hou joined the Chinese Communist Party and was recognized by the party as a National March 8th Red-Banner Holder. As a party member, they served on the National People's Congress as the Jiangsu representative and also as the Jiangsu and Nanjing representative, respectively, on the All-China Women's Federation. They were also part of the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection.
Hou married Chinese paleontologist Yang Jingzhi in 1949. They had two children. They died of illness in 2010 at Nanjing.
Legacy
One year after their death, the journal Acta Micropalaeontologica Sinica published a special issue in memory of Dr. Hou. Them legacy can be divided into two parts: their work on ostracode and their influence on the early development of the fossil fuel industry in China.
Ostracoda research
Hou's 1953 article "Late Ordovician Ostracoda Fossils in the Liaoning Province" 《辽东省下奥陶纪介形类化石》 was the first academic research paper on Ostracoda published by a Chinese scholar.  They are known for their co-edited two-part volume "Fossil Ostracoda of China" and for describing multiples species of ostracode. Them major publications won multiple prizes, including an award from the 1978 National Science Conference and second and forth class awards from the 1982 National Natural Science Prize.
Gas and oil exploration
Hou is noted for their involvement in dozens of major oil fields and geological target zones. Them edited volume "Tertiary Palaeontology of North Continental Shelf of South China Sea," a publication of the South Sea Branch of China National Petroleum Corporation, was particularly influential in coastal oil and gas exploration. They have trained multiple students and workers in oil fields and plants, conducting research and leading teams into their late 60s. In 1978, they carried out research at the Lenghu plant in Qinghai Province and conducted field work at the Huatugou area in the Gansu Province. The latter resulted in the formal collaboration between the Nanjing Institute of Geology and Palaeontology and the QingHai Petroleum Administration. In the 1980s, they led field work and trained students at Daqing Oil Field and Shengli Oil Field. Since they transitioned their research focus from Paleozoic marine strata to terrestrial Mesozoic and Cenozoic strata after joining the communist party, some considered their shift a patriotic move to assist national gas and oil exploration.
Major publications
"Fossil Ostracoda of China"《中国介形类化石》(Vol. 1 Superfamilies Cypridacea and Darwinulacea, 2002), published by China Science Publishing & Media,
"Fossil Ostracoda of China"《中国介形类化石》(Vol. 2 Superfamilies Cypridacea and Cytherellidae, 2007), published by China Science Publishing & Media,
"Creataceous : Quaternary ostracode fauna from Jiangsu"《江苏地区白垩纪 - 第四纪介形类动物群》(1982), co-published by the Geological Publishing House, Beijing, China,
"Tertiary Palaeontology of North Continental Shelf of South China Sea" 《中国南海北部大陆架第三纪古生物图册》(1981), South Sea Branch of China National Petroleum Corporation, published by Guangdong Science and Technology Press, and
"Early tertiary ostracode fauna from the coastal region of Bohai"《渤海沿岸地区早第三纪介形类》(1978), the Research Institute of Petroleum Exploration and Development, China,
"The Cretaceous－Tertiary ostracods from the marginal region of the Yangtze-Han River Plain in central Hubei"《江汉平原边缘地区白垩纪 - 第三纪介形类动物群》(1978), published by the Nanjing Institute of Geology and Palaeonotology, Nanjing, China
References
Notes
1919 births
2010 deaths
Chinese paleontologists
Chinese scientists
Women paleontologists
Chinese Communist Party
Chinese women scientists
The 1886 Blackpool by-election was held on 20 August 1886 after the incumbent Conservative MP Frederick Stanley was elevated to the House of Lords and thus had to resign their seat in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom. The seat was won by the Conservative candidate Sir Matthew Ridley.
References
By-elections to the Parliament of the United Kingdom in Lancashire constituencies
1886 elections in the United Kingdom
August 1886 events
Shock, Horror, Aunty! was an Australian comedy television series that aired on ABC1 on 9 February 2013 until 27 December 2013. It was hosted by Craig Reucassel.
References
Australian Broadcasting Corporation original programming
Australian comedy television series
2013 Australian television series debuts
2013 Australian television series endings
Konstantinos Chatzidimpas (; born 12 May 1999) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Super League 2 club Kallithea.
References
1999 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Greece youth international footballers
Super League Greece players
Football League (Greece) players
Super League Greece 2 players
PAOK FC players
Ergotelis F.C. players
GAS Ialysos 1948 F.C. players
A.E. Karaiskakis F.C. players
Association football midfielders
Footballers from Thessaloniki
The blue-necked jacamar or blue-cheeked jacamar (Galbula cyanicollis) is a species of bird in the family Galbulidae. It is found in Brazil, Bolivia, and Peru.
Taxonomy and systematics
The blue-necked jacamar is monotypic. It and the yellow-billed jacamar (Galbula albirostris) were at one time considered conspecific but have been treated as a superspecies since approximately 1974.
Description
The blue-necked jacamar is long and weighs . The male's upper parts are shiny green and the underparts chestnut. The face is steely blue to green on an east to west gradient. The female is duller and its underparts are tawny buff.
Distribution and habitat
The blue-necked jacamar occurs east of the Andes and south of the Amazon River. It is found in eastern Peru, far northern Bolivia, and in Brazil east to Maranhão and south to Rondônia and northern Mato Grosso. It inhabits the interior of terra firme and várzea forests. There it is found in the lower strata and often in small gaps. It also occurs in gallery forest in the cerrado of Brazil. In elevation it ranges up to .
Behavior
Feeding
The blue-necked jacamar's diet is a large variety of insects. It perches on exposed branches and sallies from there to catch its flying prey.
Breeding
Two blue-necked jacamar nest burrows were found in arboreal termite nests in Brazil, one in June and the other in October; each held two eggs. Birds in breeding condition were found in September.
Vocalization
The voice of the blue-necked jacamar is essentially the same as that of the yellow-billed. A song is here and a call here.
Status
The IUCN has assessed the blue-necked jacamar as being of The Least Concern. It occurs in several protected areas and is generally common over its range. However, "Owing to its greater reliance on intact forest understorey, this species, as G. albirostris, is likely to be more susceptible to deforestation than are the most other jacamars."
References
blue-necked jacamar
Birds of the Amazon Basin
blue-necked jacamar
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Housekeeper's Instructor was a bestselling English cookery book written by William Augustus Henderson, 1791. It ran through seventeen editions by 1823. Later editions were revised by Jacob Christopher Schnebbelie.
The full title was "The housekeeper's instructor; or, universal family cook. Being a full and clear display of the art of cookery in all its various branches." Later editions had longer subtitles.
Book
Approach
The recipes are in eighteenth-century style brief, often with no guidance on the techniques to be applied, and with little indication of quantities, cooking temperature or cooking time. There are no lists of ingredients, these being indicated simply by being mentioned in the text. For example, in the section on "Boiling Meat" is the recipe for "Pickled Pork":
The making of components such as pastry, used in many dishes, is described, in its case under the heading of "Pies". First some general advice is given:
A selection of pastry recipes immediately follows, such as:
Illustrations
The book has a frontispiece, which in later editions consists of a large medallion of J.C. Schnebbelie above a representation of The Albany hotel, London, where according to the title page they were principal cook of Martelli's restaurant. The early editions instead showed something much closer to the title: a busy kitchen, with an array of pots and implements, and a man reading from the book itself, shown open on a table, instructing with their pointing finger the man next to him, who is carving some meat on an oval dish. Just in case this recursive allusion were not clear, the "Explanation" caption below the image states that it shows "a Lady presenting their Servant with The Universal Family Cook who diffident of their own knowledge has recourse to that Work for Information."
There are no woodcuts integrated with the text, nor any illustrations of utensils or made dishes.
Illustrations are provided only towards the end of the book: firstly for the Carving chapter, which has seven whole-page copperplate engravings showing somewhat diagrammatically with labels and dotted lines how fowls, game, meat and fish are to be carved; and secondly in the "Suppers" appendix, which has two whole-page and two fold-out engravings illustrating the layout of dishes for first and second courses. Some table layouts are printed in ordinary text, the images of "frames" for table centres fashioned of letters and symbols in ASCII art style.
Contents
The following refer to the sixteenth edition of 1810.
Introduction 3
1. Soups and Broths 5
2. Boiling in General 26
3. Roasting in General 45
4. Baking 58
5. Broiling 64
6. Frying 71
7. Stewing 79
8. Hashing and Mincing 91
9. Fricasseeing 96
10. Ragoos 102
11. Gravies, Cullises, and other Sauses 112
12. Made Dishes 121
13. Vegetables and Roots 157
14. Puddings 162
15. Pies 179
16. Pancakes and Fritters 196
17. Tarts and Puffs 202
18. Cheesecakes and Custards 207
19. Cakes, Biscuits &c. 212
20. The Art of Confectionary 221
21. Pickling 261
22. Collaring 278
23. Potting 283
24. Curing various kinds of Meats, Sousings, &c. 290
25. Methods of Keeping Vegetables, Fruits, &c. 298
26. Possets, White-Pots, Gruels, &c. 302
27. Made Wines 307
28. Cordial Waters 320
29. The Art of Brewing 325
30. Directions for Trussing Poultry 344
31. The Complete Market-Woman 350
32. The Art of Carving 362
The Housekeeper's Calendar 375
Suppers 387
Supplement 388
Addenda 446
Index 449
Reception
The Housewife's Instructor was a bestselling book.
'Henderson' was the first named source used for Historic Food's "Regency Cookery Course" in 2003.
The cookery writer "The Old Foodie" observes that the book devotes a whole section to food for long voyages, including detailed instructions for preserving calorie-providing dripping, and is amused by Henderson's "suggestion to minimise its pilfering by rats!", namely "It is a very good maxim to keep the pot upside down, to prevent its being destroyed by the rats. It will keep good any voyage, and make as fine puff-pafte crust as any butter whatever."
Editions
1st edition, 1791.
5th edition, 1793.
8th edition, 1800.
11th edition
12th edition, 1804.
14th edition, 1807.
15th edition, 1809.
16th edition, 1810.
17th edition, 1811.
Notes
References
1790 books
English cuisine
British cookbooks
Masterplan is the first studio album by the Swiss singer Stefanie Heinzmann. It was released by Universal Music Domestic on March 7, 2008, (see 2008 in music) in German-speaking Europe, after they won the television talent contest SSDSDSSWEMUGABRTLAD on the television show TV total. The album was mainly produced by Paul NZA and Marek Pompetzki.
On November 14, 2008, a deluxe edition of the album was released, including the previously unreleased single "The Unforgiven" by Metallica, a cover version of Stevie Wonder's "Superstition", a B-side and two remix versions.
Background
In mid–2007, their brother convinced Heinzmann to take part in Stefan Raab's talent contest SSDSDSSWEMUGABRTLAD, organised by commercial television channel ProSieben. They were picked as one of the 20 contestants for the show, and with their interpretations of soul, jazz and funk classics by the likes of Macy Gray, Norah Jones and Joss Stone, they managed to qualify for the final show on 10 January 2008. There, Heinzmann performed two songs, "Only So Much Oil in the Ground," a Tower of Power cover, and "My Man Is a Mean Man," which was specifically selected for them Through televoting, the audience chose Heinzmann as the winner of the show, beating the two remaining contestants, Steffi List and Gregor Meyle.
Chart performance
Masterplan debuted at number-one on the Swiss Albums Chart. It remained seven weeks within the top ten and spent forty weeks on the chart. In Switzerland, the album was certified platinum by the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry (IFPI) for more than 30,000 copies sold and was ranked 17th on the Swiss year-end chart. In Germany, the album debuted and peaked at number three on the German Albums Chart It was eventually certified platinum in Germany by the Bundesverband Musikindustrie (BVMI) as well, for shipping 200,000 copies. In Austria, Masterplan reached the top five of the Austrian Albums Chart.
Track listing
Notes
denotes co-producer
Credits and personnel
Chris Bruce – bass guitar
Earl Harvin – cymbal, drums
Vanessa Mason – backing vocals
Paul NZA – various instruments
Marek Pompetzki – various instruments
Kim Sanders – backing vocals
Sebastian Studnitzky – brass
Tobias Thiele – guitar
Production
Paul NZA – engineering
Marek Pompetzki – engineering, mixing
Reinsberg.de – artwork
Michael Zargarinejad – photography
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
References
External links
2008 debut albums
Stefanie Heinzmann albums
Polydor Records albums
Fort Lean is an American rock band from Brooklyn New York.
The band released their self-released eponymous EP on April 13, 2011. They released three singles and music videos from the EP; "Perfect", "High Definition", and "Beach Holiday". The band released a 7" on Neon Gold Records on February 28, 2012 featuring single, "Sunsick" and B-side, "The Precinct." They received significant critical praise for their 2011 CMJ performances, with the New York Times stating on the first day of the festival, "Fort Lean is already a standout at CMJ".
The band released a new EP, Change Your Name, on November 13, 2012. They received praise from MTV Buzzworthy and The A.V. Club for the songs "All The Lights" and "The Mall."
Fort Lean released their first LP, Quiet Day, on October 2, 2015, on Ooh La La Records. The first single from that record, "Cut To The Chase," premiered on Stereogum on October 15, 2014.
References
External links
Indie rock musical groups from New York (state)
Musical groups from Brooklyn
Musical groups established in 2011
Musical quintets
2011 establishments in New York City
Deer Run is a tributary of the Tohickon Creek in Bedminster Township, Bucks County, Pennsylvania in the United States.
Statistics
Deer Run is contained wholly within Bedminster Township and is part of the Delaware River watershed. It's GNIS identification number is 1192341, the PA Department of Environmental Resources identification number is 03142. Its watershed is . It meets its confluence at the Tohickon Creek's 8.00 river mile.
Course
Deer Run rises in Bedminster Township about east northeast of Elephant at an elevation of . It is, at first, south southeast oriented for about where it picks up an unnamed tributary from the south, and it turns and flows generally northeast for about where it receives an unnamed tributary on the left, then continues for another where it shares its confluence with Mink Run at the Tohickon Creek at an elevation of , resulting in an average slope of . Its mouth is only about upstream from Wolf Run.
Geology
Appalachian Highlands Division
Piedmont Province
Gettysburg-Newark Lowland Section
Brunswick Formation
Wolf Run lies within the Brunswick Formation in the Newark Basin laid down during the Jurassic and the Triassic. Rock includes mudstone, siltstone, and reddish-brown, green, and brown shale. Mineralogy includes red and dark-gray argillite and hornfels.
Crossings and Bridges
Deer Run Road
Rolling Hills Road
Creamery Road
Fretz Valley Road
Center School Road
Center School Road
Sweetbriar Road
See also
List of rivers of Pennsylvania
References
Rivers of Pennsylvania
Rivers of Bucks County, Pennsylvania
Tributaries of Tohickon Creek
Five Daughters may refer to:
Five Daughters, a British television drama mini-series
Five Daughters Bakery, a family-owned bakery with six locations in the USA (Tennessee, Georgia and Florida)
Mother Fist and Them Five Daughters, the third studio album by the British singer-songwriter Marc Almond
Our Five Daughters, a daytime soap opera that ran on NBC from January 2 to September 28, 1962
Widower with Five Daughters, a 1957 West German comedy film
CPR Toronto Yard is a facility located in northeast Toronto, Ontario, Canada, often incorrectly referred to as Agincourt Yard because it is located in Agincourt, a neighbourhood of Toronto.
One of the largest marshalling yards in Canada (432 acres site with of track and 311 switches), the Toronto Yard is used to switch freight cars.
The yard is divided up into the following (North to South):
A Yard, consisting of ten tracks.
B Yard, consisting of ten tracks.
C Yard, formerly consisting of 72 classification tracks.
D Yard, former railcar repair shop area. Partially taken over by the diesel shop.
E Yard, Diesel Shop tracks.
F Yard, consisting of ten tracks.
G Yard, consisting of five tracks.
Prior to being a railyard, the area was home to farms in the area known as Brown's Corners. A large hill, Fisher's Hill, overlooked the area and was leveled to prepare the building of the railyard. Highland Creek flows in the northeast corner.
Opened in April 1964, the facility was designed as a hump yard, and is bounded by Sheppard Avenue to the south, McCowan Road to the west, Markham Road to the east and Finch Avenue to the north.
This yard replaced the old CPR Lambton Yard and West Toronto Yard as the main freight marshalling yard. The yard can be accessed from Markham and McCowan Roads.
Railway repair equipment is stored along the east side of the facility.
After Hunter Harrison became CEO of Canadian Pacific in 2012 they mandated that hump yards cost too much money to operate and ordered most of CP's humps closed (with the exception of Pig's Eye Yard in St. Paul, Minnesota). This included the hump and the classification yard here in Toronto. After the closure the east end of the 72 classification tracks remained, but during Hunter Harrison's tenure they were eventually removed.
See also
Facilities of the Canadian Pacific Railway
External links
CPR
Canadian Pacific Railway facilities
Rail infrastructure in Toronto
Floriano Buroni or Bonis (active c. 1670) was an Italian engraver. They were born in Bologna. Among other prints, they produced a plate representing a Dead Christ with their mother and St. John, after Guercino. Their name is also affixed to a portrait of Guido Reni.
References
17th-century Italian people
Italian engravers
Year of death unknown
Year of birth unknown
The School for Wives (; ) is a theatrical comedy written by the seventeenth century French playwright Molière and considered by some critics to be one of their finest achievements. It was first staged at the Palais Royal theatre on 26 December 1662 for the brother of the King. The play depicts a character who is so intimidated by femininity that they resolve to marry their young, naïve ward and proceeds to make clumsy advances to this purpose. It raised some outcry from the public and established Molière as a bold playwright who would not be afraid to write about controversial issues. In June 1663, the playwright cunningly responded to the uproar with another piece entitled La Critique de L'École des femmes, which provided some insight into their unique style of comedy.
Characters and scene
Its characters include:
Arnolphe: also known as Monsieur de la Souche
Agnès: an innocent young girl, Arnolphe's ward
Horace: Agnès's lover, Oronte's son
Alain: a peasant, Arnolphe's manservant
Georgette: a peasant woman, servant to Arnolphe
Chrysalde: a friend of Arnolphe's
Enrique: Chrysalde's brother-in-law, Agnès's father
Oronte: Horace's father and Arnolphe's old friend
A notary
The scene is a square in a provincial town.
Plot
Arnolphe, the main protagonist, is a mature man who has groomed the young Agnès since they were 4 years old. Arnolphe supports Agnès living in a nunnery until the age of 17, when they move them to one of their abodes, which they keep under the name of Monsieur de la Souche. Arnolphe's intention is to bring up Agnès in such a manner that they will be too ignorant to be unfaithful to them and they become obsessed with avoiding this fate. To this end, they forbid the nuns who are instructing them from teaching them anything that might lead them astray. Right from the very first scene, a friend of his, Chrysalde, warns Arnolphe that such a scheme will likely fail, but Arnolphe takes no heed.
After Agnès moves into Arnolphe's house, Arnolphe meets by chance Horace, the young son of Arnolphe's friend Oronte, whom Arnolphe had not seen in years. Not realizing that Arnolphe and Monsieur de la Souche are the same person, Horace unwittingly confides to Arnolphe they had been visiting Agnès for the past week while the master of the house, one Monsieur de la Souche, was away.
Arnolphe then schemes to outmaneuver Horace and to ensure that Agnès will marry him.
Arnolphe becomes more and more frustrated as the play goes on. Agnès continues to meet with Horace despite Arnolphe's displeasure until, finally, a misunderstanding leads Arnolphe to believe that Agnès has agreed to marry them and Agnès to believe that Arnolphe has given their permission to marry Horace. When they realize the actual situation, Arnolphe forbids Agnès from seeing Horace. Horace, in their distress, comes to Arnolphe, asking for their help in rescuing Agnès from "Monsieur de la Souche".
The final act introduces a powerful irony as Oronte and Enrique arrive on the scene and announce that Horace is to marry Enrique's daughter. The daughter turns out to be Agnès, rendering all of Arnolphe's scheming useless.
Theatrical productions
The first known Broadway production was performed in French with Louis Jouvet at the ANTA Playhouse 18 March – 3 April 1951.
In 1971, a production was performed at the Lyceum Theatre in New York City 16 February – 29 May 1971 using the Richard Wilbur translation and directed by Stephen Porter. The cast included Brian Bedford as Arnolphe, Joan Van Ark as Agnes and David Dukes as Horace.
In 1983 Ingmar Bergman directed a TV version of the play, starring Allan Edwall as Arnolphe, Lena Nyman as Agnes and Stellan Skarsgård as Horace.
Audio recordings
The play was adapted for audio in 1965 by Daniel Bernet, in a production directed by Bertrand Jérome, with music by Michel Puig, starring François Périer as Arnolfe, issued on the Sonores Bordas label.
In 1971, Caedmon Records recorded and released on LP (TRS 344) a production originally performed at the Lyceum Theatre in New York City using the Richard Wilbur translation and directed by Stephen Porter. The cast included Brian Bedford as Arnolphe, Joan Van Ark as Agnes and David Dukes as Horace. This recording has not to date been re-released on CD.
In 2009, L.A. Theatre Works recorded a production using the Richard Wilbur translation () featuring William Brown as Arnolphe and Judy Greer as Agnes.
References
External links
Plot overview
Theatre History
1662 plays
Plays by Molière
The Beretta 90-Two is a series of semi-automatic pistols designed and manufactured by Beretta of Italy. It was released in 2006 as an enhanced version of the Beretta 92, and is produced in 9×19mm, 9×21mm IMI and .40 S&W versions.
The 90-Two has been replaced by the 92A1 / 96A1 in Beretta's lineup.
Overview
The most obvious difference between the 92 series and 90-Two series pistols is the appearance; the 90-Two series have an "ergonomically enhanced" design, with a "technopolymer" interchangeable wrap-around style grip allowing users to choose grips that work better with either large or small hands. Also notable is an accessory rail on the dust cover of the pistol, allowing various light/laser accessories to be attached. Similar to the 92 series, the frame is constructed of a light alloy, and the slide and barrel are constructed of steel.
The slide is also in itself a whole new design. The rough edges in the previous 92 models were smoothed out, for a more "snag-free" design. Included with the pistol is an accessory rail cover, which protects the rail when an accessory is not attached.
Magazine capacities available for the 90-Two 9×19mm are: 10-round single-stack, 15 or 17-round double-stack; the 90-Two 9×21mm IMI: 15 round double-stack, the 90-Two .40 S&W: 10 or 12 round double-stack.
The 90-Two also features an internal recoil buffer and upgraded sight points, with a 5 mm increased length between them.
Specifications
Caliber: 9×19mm, 9×21mm IMI, .40 S&W
Magazine capacity: 17 rounds (9×19mm), 15 rounds (9×21mm IMI), 10 or 12 rounds (.40 S&W)
Length:
Height:
Width:
Barrel length:
Weight unloaded:
Variants
Calibers
The 90-Two series of pistols comes in 9mm, 9×21mm IMI, and .40 S&W versions. The model name and number do not denote caliber.
Operation
Type F is a double/single-action (DA/SA) pistol with a manual safety that also serves as a hammer decocking lever. It operates in the same way as the Beretta 92F (M9) service pistol. Pushing the slide mounted safety lever down returns the hammer to its "down" position and also disconnects the trigger so that the pistol cannot be fired until the safety lever is pushed up into the "fire" position. There is also a half-cock safety notch.
Type G is a DA/SA pistol similar to the Type F, but there is no manual safety feature. The "safety" lever serves only as a hammer decocker. This action is similar to that of most SIG pistols.
Type D is a double-action-only (DAO) pistol. The hammer follows the slide to the uncocked position with every shot, requiring a double-action trigger pull for each shot. There is no manual safety, half-cock hammer notch, or hammer drop lever. The Type D is a self-loading pistol that operates like a "hammerless" double-action revolver. The Type D has an exposed hammer but it cannot be manually cocked.
Beretta 92A1
Announced at the 2010 SHOT Show, the Beretta 92A1 incorporates the internal design and Picatinny rail of the 90-Two with the overall shape and styling of the 92FS.
Gallery
References
External links
Official website
Operator's manual
.40 S&W semi-automatic pistols
9mm Parabellum semi-automatic pistols
9×21mm IMI semi-automatic pistols
90two
Short recoil firearms
Kong Kong is a small village in Pasir Gudang, Johor Bahru District, Johor, Malaysia.
"Kong Kong," according to ancient Malaysian folklore, is a gigantic mythical tiger that was said to harbor great wisdom and feast upon the hearts of weak-minded villagers.
Kong Kong is noted for its waterfront and seafood.
Nearby the village is an agriculture park, where varieties of durian, Pandan coconut leaf plants, and other fruits can be found. There are also several ponds, a driving range, and a greenery.
References
Pasir Gudang
Villages in Johor
Pulmonary edema, also known as pulmonary congestion, is excessive liquid accumulation in the tissue and air spaces (usually alveoli) of the lungs. It leads to impaired gas exchange and may cause hypoxemia and respiratory failure. It is due to either failure of the left ventricle of the heart to remove oxygenated blood adequately from the pulmonary circulation (cardiogenic pulmonary edema), or an injury to the lung tissue directly or blood vessels of the lung (non-cardiogenic pulmonary edema).
Treatment is focused on three aspects: firstly improving respiratory function, secondly, treating the underlying cause, and thirdly preventing further damage and assuring full recovery to the lung. Pulmonary edema, especially when sudden (acute), can lead to respiratory failure or cardiac arrest due to hypoxia. It is a cardinal feature of congestive heart failure. The term edema is from the Greek (oidēma, "swelling"), from οἰδέω (oidéō, "(I) swell").
Types
Classically it is cardiogenic (left ventricular) but fluid may also accumulate due to damage to the lung. This damage may be from direct external injuries or injuries mediated by high pressures within the pulmonary circulation. When directly or indirectly caused by increased left ventricular pressure, pulmonary edema may form when mean pulmonary pressure rises from the normal average of 15 mmHg to above 25 mmHg, where pulmonary fluid may form. Broadly, the causes of pulmonary edema can be divided into cardiogenic and non-cardiogenic. By convention, cardiogenic specifically refers to left ventricular causes.
Cardiogenic
Congestive heart failure which is due to the heart's inability to pump the blood out of the pulmonary circulation at a sufficient rate resulting in elevation in pulmonary wedge pressure and edema – this usually is due to left ventricular failure, but may also be from arrhythmias, or fluid overload, (e.g. from kidney failure or intravenous therapy).
Hypertensive crisis can cause pulmonary edema as the elevation in blood pressure and increased afterload on the left ventricle hinders forward flow in blood vessels and causes the elevation in wedge pressure and subsequent pulmonary edema.
Non-cardiogenic
Negative pressure pulmonary edema in which a significant negative (internal) pressure in the chest (such as from an inhalation against an upper airway obstruction) ruptures capillaries and floods the alveoli with blood. Negative pressure pulmonary edema has an incidence in the range of 0.05-0.1% in cases of general anesthesia. The negative pressure causes a significant increase in preload, thereby increasing pulmonary blood volume. There is also a significant increase in left ventricular afterload, which causes a decreased cardiac output. The increase in pulmonary blood volume and pressure along with a decrease in cardiac output to the lungs will increase the pulmonary transudative pressures and the risk of pulmonary edema. With all this occurring, pulmonary vascular resistance increases causing a shift of the intraventricular septum. The ventricular septal shift to the left causes a left ventricular diastolic dysfunction, which further increases pulmonary hydrostatic pressures and the risk.
Neurogenic causes (seizures, head trauma, strangulation, electrocution).
Pulmonary embolism
Acute lung injury may also cause pulmonary edema directly through injury to the vasculature and parenchyma of the lung. It includes acute lung injury and acute respiratory distress syndrome. (ALI-ARDS) cover many of these causes, but they may also include:
Inhalation of hot or toxic gases
Pulmonary contusion, i.e., high-energy trauma (e.g. vehicle accidents)
Aspiration, e.g., gastric fluid
Reexpansion, i.e. post large volume thoracocentesis, resolution of pneumothorax, post decortication, removal of endobronchial obstruction, effectively a form of negative pressure pulmonary oedema.
Reperfusion injury, i.e., postpulmonary thromboendartectomy or lung transplantation
Swimming induced pulmonary edema also known as immersion pulmonary edema
Transfusion Associated Circulatory Overload occurs when multiple blood transfusions or blood-products (plasma, platelets, etc.) are transfused over a short period of time.
Transfusion associated Acute Lung Injury is a specific type of blood-product transfusion injury that occurs when the donors plasma contained antibodies against the recipient, such as anti-HLA or anti-neutrophil antibodies.
Severe infection or inflammation which may be local or systemic. This is the classical form of acute lung injury-adult respiratory distress syndrome.
Some causes of pulmonary edema are less well characterised and arguably represent specific instances of the broader classifications above.
Arteriovenous malformation
Hantavirus pulmonary syndrome
High altitude pulmonary edema (HAPE)
Envenomation, such as with the venom of Atrax robustus
Signs and symptoms
The most common symptom of pulmonary edema is difficulty breathing (dyspnea), but may include other symptoms such as coughing up blood (classically seen as pink or red, frothy sputum), excessive sweating, anxiety, and pale skin. Shortness of breath can manifest as orthopnea (inability to breath sufficiently when lying down flat due to breathlessness) and/or paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea (episodes of severe sudden breathlessness at night). These are common presenting symptoms of chronic and cardiogenic pulmonary edema due to left ventricular failure. The development of pulmonary edema may be associated with symptoms and signs of "fluid overload" in the lungs; this is a non-specific term to describe the manifestations of right ventricular failure on the rest of the body and includes peripheral edema (swelling of the legs, in general, of the "pitting" variety, wherein the skin is slow to return to normal when pressed upon due to fluid), raised jugular venous pressure and hepatomegaly, where the liver is excessively enlarged and may be tender or even pulsatile. Other signs include end-inspiratory crackles (crackling sounds heard at the end of a deep breath) on auscultation and the presence of a third heart sound.
Flash pulmonary edema
Flash pulmonary edema (FPE), is rapid onset acute pulmonary edema. It is most often precipitated by acute myocardial infarction or mitral regurgitation, but can be also caused by aortic regurgitation, heart failure, or almost any cause leading to elevated left ventricular filling pressures. Treatment of FPE should be directed at the underlying cause, but the mainstays are nitroglycerin, ensuring adequate oxygenation with non-invasive ventilation, and decrease of pulmonary circulation pressures while FPE stays.
Recurrence of FPE is thought to be associated with hypertension and may signify renal artery stenosis. Prevention of recurrence is based on managing or preventing hypertension, coronary artery disease, renovascular hypertension, and heart failure.
Diagnosis
There is no single test for confirming that breathlessness is caused by pulmonary edema – there are many causes of shortness of breath; but there are methods to suggest a high probability of an edema.
Low oxygen saturation in blood and disturbed arterial blood gas readings support the proposed diagnosis by suggesting a pulmonary shunt. A chest X-ray will show fluid in the alveolar walls, Kerley B lines, increased vascular shadowing in a classical batwing peri-hilum pattern, upper lobe diversion (biased blood flow to the superior parts instead of inferior parts of the lung), and possibly pleural effusions. In contrast, patchy alveolar infiltrates are more typically associated with noncardiogenic edema
Lung ultrasounds, employed by a healthcare provider at the point of care, is also a useful tool to diagnose pulmonary edema; not only is it accurate, but it may quantify the degree of lung water, track changes over time, and differentiate between cardiogenic and non-cardiogenic edema.
Especially in the case of cardiogenic pulmonary edema, urgent echocardiography may strengthen the diagnosis by demonstrating impaired left ventricular function, high central venous pressures and high pulmonary artery pressures leading to pulmonary edema.
Blood tests are performed for electrolytes (sodium, potassium) and markers of renal function (creatinine, urea). Liver enzymes, inflammatory markers (usually C-reactive protein) and a complete blood count as well as coagulation studies (PT, aPTT) are also typically requested as further diagnosis. B-type natriuretic peptide (BNP) is available in many hospitals, sometimes even as a point-of-care test. Low levels of BNP (<100 pg/ml) suggest a cardiac cause is unlikely.
Prevention
In those with underlying heart or lung disease, effective control of congestive and respiratory symptoms helps prevents pulmonary edema.
Dexamethasone is in widespread use for the prevention of high altitude pulmonary edema. Sildenafil is used as a preventive treatment for altitude-induced pulmonary edema and pulmonary hypertension, the mechanism of action is via phosphodiesterase inhibition which raises cGMP, resulting in pulmonary arterial vasodilation and inhibition of smooth muscle cell proliferation and indirectly fluid formation in the lungs. While this effect has only recently been discovered, sildenafil is already becoming an accepted treatment for this condition, in particular in situations where the standard treatment of rapid descent (acclimatization) has been delayed for some reason.
Management
The initial management of pulmonary edema, irrespective of the type or cause, is supporting vital functions while edema lasts. Therefore, if the level of consciousness is decreased it may be required to proceed to tracheal intubation and mechanical ventilation to prevent airway compromise. Hypoxia (abnormally low oxygen levels) may require supplementary oxygen to balance blood oxygen levels, but if this is insufficient then again mechanical ventilation may be required to prevent complications caused by hypoxia. Treatment of the underlying cause is the next priority; pulmonary edema secondary to infection, for instance, would require the administration of appropriate antibiotics or antivirals.
Cardiogenic pulmonary edema
Acute cardiogenic pulmonary edema often responds rapidly to medical treatment. Positioning upright may relieve symptoms. A loop diuretic such as furosemide (or Lasix®) is administered, often together with morphine to reduce respiratory distress. Both diuretic and morphine may have vasodilator effects, but specific vasodilators may be used (particularly intravenous glyceryl trinitrate or ISDN) provided the blood pressure is adequate.
Continuous positive airway pressure and bilevel positive airway pressure (CPAP/BiPAP) has been demonstrated to reduce mortality and the need of mechanical ventilation in people with severe cardiogenic pulmonary edema.
It is possible for cardiogenic pulmonary edema to occur together with cardiogenic shock, in which the cardiac output is insufficient to sustain an adequate blood pressure to the lungs. This can be treated with inotropic agents or by intra-aortic balloon pump, but this is regarded as temporary treatment while the underlying cause is addressed and the lungs recover.
References
Medical emergencies
Respiratory diseases principally affecting the interstitium
Mount Martha Black, elevation , is the highest point in the Auriol Range of the Saint Elias Mountains in Yukon, Canada. The multi-summit massif is situated southwest of Haines Junction, northwest of Mount Worthington, and southeast of Mount Archibald, which is the nearest higher peak. Set within Kluane National Park, Mount Martha Black can be seen from the Alaska Highway, weather permitting. The mountain was named after Martha Black (1866-1957), the second woman elected to the House of Commons of Canada. The mountain's name was officially adopted August 12, 1980, by the Geographical Names Board of Canada.
Climate
Based on the Köppen climate classification, Mount Martha Black is located in a subarctic climate zone with long, cold, snowy winters, and mild summers. The annual average temperature in the neighborhood is -6 ° C. The warmest month is July, when the average temperature is 8 °C, and the coldest is December when temperatures can drop below −20 °C with wind chill factors below −30 °C. Precipitation runoff from the peak and meltwater from its surrounding glaciers drains into tributaries of the Alsek River.
See also
List of mountains of Canada
Geography of Yukon
References
External links
Weather forecast: Mount Martha Black
Parks Canada: Kluane National Park
Mt. Martha Black photo: Flickr
Two-thousanders of Yukon
Saint Elias Mountains
Kluane National Park and Reserve
Manguinhos is a small village in the municipality of Serra in Espírito Santo, Brazil, technically known as a neighbourhood (Bairro in Portuguese). It is today mainly a residential village, as most people work in the Greater Vitória Metropolitan Area. Manguinhos is about 10 km north of Vitória.
History
The first mention of the area is said to have been made by Augustin Saint-Hilaire around 1818. While on one of their trips they went to Espirito Santo and refers to the ponta dos Fachos, which is the name of a beach in Manguinhos to this day.
The locality was founded as a fishing village around 1900. During a number of decades, the fish that was caught off the coast were taken to the capital, Vitória, by canoe, until much later in the middle of the century, when better roads made it possible to transport them in small trucks. It remained a fishing village until the late 20th century, when in rapid succession seven farms were granted planning permission to be sold off as land allotments in an urban development. Electricity first arrived to Manguinhos in the 1950s, when there was already better road communication with the nearby capital (then 30 km away). The approved plans are still not fully built out, but the village size is steadily and rapidly increasing.
Present
Today this residential village is a sea resort, with a large intermittent population who only live there in summer months. Local facilities have been able to cope well with this so far, despite some water shortages in the peak summer season. The local community is diversifying to attract tourists in the months between summers and create a more sustainable flow of visitors. Many beach-side bars have been built, and the town also sports one of the best traditional Moqueca Capixaba restaurants in the state. The continuing fishing activity, provides the fish that continues to be an attraction of local tourists and visitors.
Populated places in Espírito Santo
Dmitry Yakovlevich Pokrass (; born on 7 November 1899 in Kiev – died on 20 December 1978 in Moscow) was a Soviet composer of Jewish origin. They composed popular music and scores for the theatre and films. Dmitry Pokrass was recognized in 1975 as a People's Artist of the USSR. (See also Pokrass brothers)
Biography
Early Years and Education
At eight years of age, Dmitry Pokrass began performing as a means of earning money. They declaimed poetry, beating off a chechotka. Touring cities, they absorbed the music of the suburbs of old Kiev, of military bands, Jewish weddings and celebrations, the cinema, synagogue services, and cheerful Ukrainian dances. During the years 1914–1917, Pokrass studied piano at the Petrograd Conservatory. As a student, they composed romances and songs for actors of a variety show. Has published a series of romances "Irmochka" ("The Grimaces of Life") with the description: "Intimate cabaret songs in the style of Isa Kremer, Vertinsky, Sabinin, Henkin". In the music of romances, they copied the stylistic manners of known actors, using the turns of fashionable tangos and other dances. They wrote songs of the "intimate genre" to be performed by Gipsy singer V. Shuysky: "The Bashful Tea Rose", "You Have Smiled at Me", "Warrant Officer Johns", and "Tango Dolores" (lyrics by P.German and O.Osenin). In 1917 they returned to Kiev, where they found work as an accompanist. In 1919, they worked at the "One-eyed Jimmy" variety theatre in Rostov-on-Don.
Military career
In 1919–1921, Pokrass served in the First Cavalry. In honour of the taking of Rostov by the First Cavalry, they wrote the song which gained national popularity, "Budyonny's March" (1920, lyrics by A.d'Aktilj). To their fellow soldiers of the First Cavalry, they dedicated further compositions: "Hey, hey, saddle the Horses" (D. Bednogo), a cantata "Forward" and a military march, "Red Cavalrymen", both with lyrics by S.Minin.
Professional career
Relocating to Moscow in 1923, Pokrass worked in different genres of variety music. They wrote music for theatres of miniatures and a cabaret, accompanied a Gypsy chorus, the Gypsy song performers E.Dobero and O.Vargina. Pokrass tried to overcome the stale character of the variety genre in romances by using lyrics of "highbrow" poetry by Alexander Blok ("I am at Your Feet"), Igor Severyanin ("I Feel How Flowers Fall"), and others.
In 1940, Pokrass became a member of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union.
From 1923 to 1926, Pokrass served as the principal conductor and musical director of the Moscow theatres "Oriental Carpets" and "Hermitage".
In 1926-1936 they were the principal conductor and musical director of the Moscow music hall. Between 1932 and 1954 they worked in collaboration with their brother,. In 1936 - 1972 they were the artistic director of the Variety Orchestra of the (TsDKZh). They composed songs, film scores, and incidental music for the theatre, as well as military marches such as the March of the Soviet Tankmen. After Daniel's death, Dmitry wrote the "March of the Motorized Infantry" (lyrics by Yevgeniy Dolmatovsky, 1957), "Great City" ("A Song about Moscow", the Newcomer's Poems, 1974), (Lyuba, Lyubushka, Lyubov; lyrics by P. Gradov), "My Small Hometown" (lyrics by M. Svetlov, 1975), "The March of BAM" (lyrics by M. Vershinin, 1975). They also composed music for the stage plays "Red Devilkins" (1950) and "Konarmiya" (1950), works for the violin, and romances.
Footnotes
1899 births
1978 deaths
Musicians from Kyiv
People from Kievsky Uyezd
Ukrainian Jews
Soviet Jews
Communist Party of the Soviet Union members
Jewish composers
Soviet composers
Soviet male composers
Soviet film score composers
Male film score composers
20th-century composers
Jewish Ukrainian musicians
Soviet military personnel of the Russian Civil War
People's Artists of the USSR
People's Artists of the RSFSR
Stalin Prize winners
Recipients of the Order of the Red Banner of Labour
Recipients of the Order of the Red Star
Ágætis byrjun (, A good beginning) is the second studio album by Icelandic post-rock band Sigur Rós, released on 12 June 1999. The album was recorded between the summer of 1998 and the spring of 1999 with producer Ken Thomas. Ágætis byrjun represented a substantial departure from the band's previous album Von, with that album's extended ambient soundscapes replaced by Jónsi Birgisson's cello-bowed guitarwork and orchestration, using a double string octet amongst other chamber elements.
Ágætis byrjun became Sigur Rós's breakthrough album, both commercially and critically. It received a 2000 release in the United Kingdom and a 2001 release in the United States. According to their label Smekkleysa, the album sold 10,000 copies on its first year of release in Iceland, earning the band platinum status. It won numerous awards, and has appeared on multiple critics' lists of the best albums of the 2000s.
Ágætis byrjun is the band's first album to feature keyboardist Kjartan Sveinsson, and their last to feature drummer Ágúst Ævar Gunnarsson, who left the band several months after the album was released. Gunnarsson was replaced by Orri Páll Dýrason in the same year.
Composition
The ten songs on the album include some self-reference: the introduction contains backmasked parts from the title track, and the last song, "Avalon", consists of a different take of an instrumental passage from "Starálfur" slowed to around a quarter of its original speed. The strings in "Starálfur" are palindromic; they are the same forwards and backwards.
All vocals are sung in Icelandic, except for those on "Olsen Olsen" and the last section of the title track, which are sung in the gibberish language Vonlenska. Sigur Rós' subsequent album, ( ), used Vonlenska exclusively for its vocals.
Packaging
The album's title came from a friend hearing the first song they had written for the album, which would become the title track. After hearing the song, they said it was "a good beginning"; the name stuck. The name has also been translated as "An alright start."
The sketch on the cover was drawn by Gotti Bernhöft with a Bic Cristal ballpoint pen. The booklet cover for the CD edition of the album features the line: "Ég gaf ykkur von sem varð að vonbrigðum... þetta er ágætis byrjun" which translates to "I gave you (plural) hope that became a disappointment... this is a good beginning". This line is a reference to their two previous releases, Von and Von brigði.
Sigur Rós assembled and glued together the cases of the first print of Ágætis byrjun themselves. As a result, many of the CDs were unusable due to glue stains.
Reception
While released to little fanfare, the album quickly gained radio exposure in Iceland, and spent the autumn of 1999 climbing the Icelandic album charts, finally resting at the top for a number of weeks. After surprising success in Iceland, the album subsequently gained strong international buzz with numerous articles in many prominent publications, hype from internet message boards and blogs, as well as often exuberant critical praise. Ágætis byrjun was released in the United Kingdom in 2000, and in the North American market in 2001 by Fat Cat Records. In 2001, Ágætis byrjun won the inaugural Shortlist Music Prize.
An acclaimed music video was made for "Viðrar vel til loftárása". The album's tracks have also been featured in soundtracks; "Starálfur" was used in The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou and the Emmy winning 2005 TV film The Girl in the Café. "Svefn-g-englar" was used in Vanilla Sky, amongst others. The song "Flugufrelsarinn" has been arranged by Stephen Prustman for the Kronos Quartet, and is available on their download-only release Kronos Quartet Plays Sigur Rós.
Ágætis byrjun was placed by Pitchfork at number 2 on their annual Best Albums list for 2000, and was placed at 8 on their top 200 albums of the 2000s, released on 2 October 2009.
In December 2009, Rolling Stone ranked Ágætis byrjun the 29th best album of the 2000s.
In the Q and Mojo Classic Special Edition "Pink Floyd & The Story of Prog Rock", the album placed at number 27 in its list of "40 Cosmic Rock Albums".
The album was also included in the book 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die.
It was announced in 2009 that a deluxe edition would be released to mark the 10th anniversary of Ágætis byrjuns international release. It was slated for release in early summer 2015. It was to feature previously unheard studio and live recordings as well as photographic and documentary material from the band's personal archives.
Ágætis byrjun peaked at No. 24 on Billboards Top Independent Albums chart in January and it has sold 227,000 copies in the US, according to Nielsen SoundScan. In Europe it was upgraded to Platinum by Impala award for 400,000+ copies sold up to 2012.
Track listing
20th Anniversary Deluxe Edition
On July 5, 2019, the band released an anniversary edition of the album as a 4-CD box set, and as a limited-edition, 7-vinyl-album set. It features early versions and demos of the songs on the record, and unreleased songs, pulled together from the band's personal archive, as well as The Icelandic Opera (Íslenska Óperan) June 12, 1999 concert, recorded for the Icelandic radio.
Personnel
Jón Þór Birgisson – vocals, guitar
Kjartan Sveinsson – keyboard
Georg Hólm – bass guitar
Ágúst Ævar Gunnarsson – drums (several tracks only)
Charts
Year-end charts
Certifications and sales
Release history
References
External links
Ágætis byrjun page on the Sigur Rós website
Sigur Rós albums
1999 albums
Albums produced by Ken Thomas (record producer)
FatCat Records albums
La Russie opprimée ('Oppressed Russia') was a French language weekly publication, issued exiled Russian Social-Revolutionaries in Paris 1926–1933. La Russie opprimée was launched by Alexander Kerensky in 1926. The newspaper contained analysis of Soviet culture and politics, reviews of the Soviet press and polemics against pro-Soviet personalities in France. It carried the by-line 'Weekly socialist information bulletin'. Apart from Kerensky, other editors included O. Minor and V. Zenzinov. The office of La Russie opprimée was located in the 16th arrondissement of Paris.
References
1926 establishments in France
1933 disestablishments in France
Defunct newspapers published in France
Defunct weekly newspapers
Newspapers published in Paris
Publications established in 1926
Publications disestablished in 1933
Socialist newspapers
Thomas Abt (born 1972) is an American author, crime researcher, and former government official specializing in evidence-informed approaches to reducing crime in urban areas. Their book, Bleeding Out: The Devastating Consequences of Urban Violence and a Bold New Plan for Peace in the Streets, was published in June 2019 by Basic Books.
Early life
Abt grew up in Cambridge, Massachusetts. Their father is Clark C. Abt, an MIT-trained engineer and founder of the social-science research firm Abt Associates and their mother, Wendy (née Peter) was educated at Harvard and is a banking and economic-development consultant.
Education
Abt received their bachelor's degree in economics from the University of Michigan and a J.D. degree with honors from Georgetown University Law Center.
Views on crime
Abt favors an approach to crime prevention that emphasizes eliminating violence directly, rather than focusing on its other associations, such as poverty, gangs and drugs, and their 2019 book substantiates this claim with an extensive review of the data.
Career
Abt began their career after graduating from law school in 2000 as a prosecutor in the Manhattan district attorney's office for four years, then shifting to litigation as an associate with Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison from 2004 to 2008. In 2008, Abt worked in Des Moines, Iowa on Barack Obama's campaign as director of voter protection.
Abt served as chief of staff to the Office of Justice Programs at the U.S. Department of Justice from 2010 to 2013. While there, they worked with the nation's principal criminal justice grant-making and research agencies to integrate evidence, policy, and practice. Abt also played a lead role in establishing the National Forum on Youth Violence Prevention, a network of federal agencies and local communities working together to reduce youth and gang violence. After that, they moved to the New York's Governor's Office, where they served from 2013 to 2014 as deputy secretary for public safety under Andrew Cuomo, overseeing all criminal justice and homeland security agencies. During their tenure, Abt led the development of New York's GIVE (Gun-Involved Violence Elimination) Initiative, which employs evidence-informed, data-driven approaches to reduce gun violence.
Since January 2020, Abt has been a senior fellow on the Council on Criminal Justice in Washington D.C., where they direct its Violent Crime Working Group. They also served as director of CCJ's National Commission on COVID-19 and Criminal Justice. Prior to serving on the CCJ, they were a senior research fellow at the John F. Kennedy School of Government and a senior fellow at Harvard Law School.  They are also a member of the Campbell Collaboration Criminal Justice Steering Committee, member of the Advisory Board of the Police Executive Programme at the University of Cambridge, and a senior fellow with the Igarapé Institute in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Abt is a nationally recognized researcher and expert on crime. Their work has been featured in The Atlantic, The Economist, Foreign Affairs, The New Yorker, The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, and on MSNBC, PBS, National Public Radio, among other places. Their TED talk on saving lives by stopping violence has been viewed more than 200,000 times.
References
External links
Living people
American male non-fiction writers
Barack Obama 2008 presidential campaign
21st-century scholars
American legal scholars
Crime in the United States
1972 births
University of Michigan alumni
Marylyn Martina Addo (, born 1970) is a German infectiologist who is a Professor and the German Center for Infection Research (DZIF) Head of Infectious Disease at the University Medical Center Hamburg-Eppendorf. Addo has developed and tested vaccinations that protect people from Ebola virus disease and the MERS coronavirus EMC/2012.  They are currently developing a viral vector based COVID-19 vaccine.
Early life and education
Addo is the daughter of a Ghanaian father and a German mother, and they were born in Bonn. Them father is a physician. Addo studied medicine at the University of Bonn. They earned their diploma at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, during which they researched Candida albicans transmission between HIV-positive people. In 1999, they moved to Boston, where they specialised in infectious diseases at the Harvard Medical School.
Research and career
Whilst at Harvard University, Addo was made an Assistant Professor at the Ragon Institute, and served as Associate Director of the Harvard University Center for AIDS Research. Here they investigated the role of Indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase (IDO) specific T cells as immune system regulators in patients with HIV-1.
In 2013, Addo returned to Germany, where they were made a Professor and the German Center for Infection Research (DZIF) Head of Infectious Disease at the University Medical Center Hamburg-Eppendorf. Here they work on infectious diseases and tropical medicine. Them research group work on clinical management, epidemiology and the immunology of newly emerging infections. In 2014, Addo was involved with the development of the preparation RVSV-EBOV, an experimental recombinant live vaccination that can be used against Ebola virus disease. The vaccine is vector-based, where the DNA of a virus is introduced into human cells via a different virus. To be effective the vaccination must contain parts of the virus that human cells can generate antibodies against. As a result, vector-based vaccinations can result in robust immune responses. The RVSV-EBOV vaccination contained a modified Vesicular-Stomatitis-Virus, which contained a surface protein of Ebola virus. After making contact with the ebola glycoprotein, the vaccination produce antibodies, T cells and neurotransmitters. It was selected by the World Health Organization for accelerated testing. Of their time working on the Ebola virus, Addo has said "During such a disaster, the world comes together.".
Alongside the ebola vaccination, Addo worked on a recombinant live vaccination to tackle the Middle East Respiratory syndrome (MERS) vaccination. Them vaccination was supported by the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations. The MERS Virus vaccine was tested in camels, the animals which first spread MERS coronavirus EMC/2012, in 2016, and started clinical trials in humans from 2018.
In 2020, Addo started developing a vector-based vaccination to protect people from the COVID-19 pandemic. Inside the coronavirus there is a spike protein that can penetrate human cells. Addo looks to combine the spike protein with the genetic information of another viral vector that can penetrates cells and can produce spike proteins. The immune system recognises that these proteins are foreign bodies, triggering an immune response and a spike in T cells that ultimately work against the coronavirus protein. The proposed vaccine makes use of the smallpox virus (modified vaccinia Ankara) as a vehicle for the COVID-19 vaccine. The vaccination will be developed by IDT Biologika.
Recognition
Addo was nominated by the Social Democratic Party as delegate to the Federal Convention for the purpose of electing the President of Germany in 2022.
Awards
1999 London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine Ralph A. Neal Memorial Prize
2008: Edward H. Kass Award for Clinical Excellence, Massachusetts ID Society
2013: Honorary Professor, University of KwaZulu-Natal, Durban, South Africa
2019: Pettenkofer Prize
Selected publications
Personal life
Addo is married and has two children.
References
1970 births
Living people
Women virologists
University of Bonn alumni
Alumni of the London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine
People from Troisdorf
University of Hamburg faculty
Ichthyapus keramanus is a species of snake eel native to the western Pacific Ocean where it is only known to occur around the Kerama Islands near Okinawa, Japan. It is known to occur at depths of from . This species can reach a length of TL. This species is placed in the genus Ichthyapus.
References
Ophichthidae
Fish described in 1997
Matthew Renouf (born 15 April 1993) is a cricketer who plays for Guernsey. They were named in Guernsey's squad for the 2012 ICC World Cricket League Division Five tournaments in Singapore. They made their international debut for Guernsey, against Bahrain, and they played in the match against the Cayman Islands.
In August 2020, Renouf was named in Guernsey's Twenty20 International (T20I) squad for their one-off match against the Isle of Man.
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
Guernsey cricketers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Listroteuthis is a genus of muensterellid stem-octopod from the Moernsheim Formation of Germany. It is monotypic, with only type species L. conica known.
References
Taxa described in 1922
Octopuses
Prehistoric cephalopod genera
The majority of the 2005 Rugby League Tri-Nations was played in Great Britain and Australasia. The final was played between Australia and New Zealand at Elland Road on Saturday 26 November. New Zealand won the match 24-0 and were crowned 2005 Tri-Nations champions, breaking Australia's 27-year undefeated international tournament record.
The tournament was officially known as the 2005 Gillette Tri-Nations due to sponsorship from Gillette.
Participating teams
Each team was to play the other three twice during the round robin tournament. The top two finishing teams would then contest the final.
Officials
One referee from each participating nation was appointed to control matches in the Tri-Nations:
Tim Mander (2 matches)
Steve Ganson (4 matches)
Glen Black (1 match)
Venues
The games were played at the following venues in Australia, New Zealand and England.
Final
The Tri-Nations Final was played in Leeds.
Results
Tournament matches
Australia were without their captain Darren Lockyer for this match and the remainder of the tournament after they injured their foot at training.
Tournament standings
Final
The historic win by the Kiwis over an Australian 17 containing only 3 Queensland players and one player from the previous month's 2005 NRL grand final put an end to the Kangaroos' dominance in international rugby league. It was the first time Australia, hot favourites for the match, had failed to win a series or tournament since France defeated them in both Tests of the 1978 Kangaroo tour.
The win by New Zealand was the first time the Kiwis had beaten Australia in a test series or tournament (not including one-off test wins in 1971, 1987 and 1998) since 1952. Australian coach Wayne Bennett resigned from the national coaching post just over a week after the final.
Player statistics
Non-series tests
During the series, Australia and New Zealand played additional Tests against France. This was the first time the two teams had met in a test match since Australia's 74–0 win in Béziers in the last game of the 1994 Kangaroo tour.
For this match, Craig Gower was given the honour of captaining Australia for the first time.
Australia 44 (A Minichiello 2, T Waterhouse 2, M Cooper, S Prince, C Gower, W Mason tries; S Prince 6 goals) defeated
France 12 (L Frayssinous, M Gresqueu tries; L Frayssinous 2 goals)
Other game
New Zealand played a midweek match against England "A" which did not count as a test match. Halftime was 12-all.
See also
2005 NRL season
Super League X
References
Further reading
External links
Kiwis overcome critics to down Kangaroos in Tri-Nations opener - kangaroos.leagueunlimited.com
2005 Tri-nations final at trinations.rlfans.com
2005 Tri-nations at rlhalloffame.org.uk
New Zealand Test teams 2005 at nzrl.co.nz
Rugby League Tri-Nations
Rugby League Tri-Nations
Tri-Nations
Rugby League Tri-Nations
Rugby League Tri-Nations
International rugby league competitions hosted by the United Kingdom
Local government elections took place in London on 1 November 1906.
All council seats in all 28 metropolitan boroughs were up for election.
The results were a landslide victory for the Conservatives, who stood as Municipal Reformers. Prior to the election, a central Municipal Reform Committee had been formed in September 1906, and the new organisation absorbed the former Moderate Party, who formed the opposition to the Progressives on the county council, as well as groups on the borough councils that opposed what they termed the "Progressive-Socialist Party".
The Municipal Reformers won 22 boroughs. This compared to three for the Liberals, who stood as Progressives, two for Independents and the nascent Labour Party losing its only borough, Woolwich.
Political control
Summary of council election results:
References
Council elections in Greater London
Elections in London
1906 in London
1906 English local elections
November 1906 events
Mineral County is a county located in the U.S. state of Colorado. As of the 2020 census, the population was 865, making it the third-least populous county in Colorado, behind San Juan County and Hinsdale County. The county seat and only incorporated municipality in the county is Creede. The county was named for the many valuable minerals found in the mountains and streams of the area.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.2%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Saguache County - northeast
Rio Grande County - east
Archuleta County - south
Hinsdale County - west
Major Highways
U.S. Highway 160
State Highway 149
National protected areas
Rio Grande National Forest
San Juan National Forest
La Garita Wilderness
Weminuche Wilderness
Trails and byways
Colorado Trail
Continental Divide National Scenic Trail
Lake Fork National Recreation Trail
Silver Thread Scenic Byway
Demographics
At the 2000 census, there were 831 people in 377 households, including 251 families, in the county. The population density was 1 people per square mile (0/km2). There were 1,119 housing units at an average density of 1 per square mile (0/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 96.87% White, 0.84% Native American, 0.12% from other races, and 2.17% from two or more races. 2.05% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
Of the 377 households 22.30% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.00% were married couples living together, 5.80% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.40% were non-families. 28.10% of households were one person and 9.80% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.70.
The age distribution was 20.50% under the age of 18, 4.70% from 18 to 24, 24.80% from 25 to 44, 32.70% from 45 to 64, and 17.30% 65 or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females there were 104.20 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.10 males.
The median household income was $34,844 and the median family income was $40,833. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $19,375 for females. The per capita income for the county was $24,475. About 9.30% of families and 10.20% of the population were below the poverty line, including 18.70% of those under age 18 and 10.60% of those age 65 or over.
Mineral County has an extremely high proportion of land under federal ownership, with 96% of the county under the management of the federal government (It houses an office of, and is surrounded by, the Rio Grande National Forest).
2015
As of 2015 the largest self-reported ancestry groups in Mineral County, Colorado are:
Politics
Communities
Town
Creede
Unincorporated Communities
Spar City
Wagon Wheel Gap
Ghost Towns
Bachelor City
Weaver
See also
Outline of Colorado
Index of Colorado-related articles
National Register of Historic Places listings in Mineral County, Colorado
References
Further reading
Foley, N.K. et al. (1993). Mineralogy, mineral chemistry, and paragenesis of gold, silver, and base-metal ores of the North Amethyst vein system, San Juan Mountains, Mineral County, Colorado [U.S. Geological Survey Professional Paper 1537]. Washington, D.C.: U.S. Department of the Interior, U.S. Geological Survey.
External links
Creede and Mineral County information
Colorado County Evolution by Don Stanwyck
Colorado Historical Society
Colorado counties
1893 establishments in Colorado
Populated places established in 1893
Shield budding, also known as T-budding, is a technique of grafting to change varieties of fruit trees. Typically used in fruit tree propagation, it can also be used for many other kinds of nursery stock. An extremely sharp knife is necessary; specialty budding knives are on the market. A budding knife is a small knife with a type of spatula at the other end of the handle. The rootstock or stock plant may be cut off above the bud at budding, or one may wait until it is certain that the bud is growing.
Fruit tree budding is done when the bark "slips," i.e. the cambium is moist and actively growing. Rootstocks are young trees, either seedlings as Mazzard cherries for many cherry varieties, or clonal rootstocks (usually propagated by layering) when one wants highly consistent plants with well defined characteristics. The popular Malling-Merton series of rootstocks for apples was developed in England, and are used today for the majority of the commercial apple orchard trees.
T-budding is the most common style, whereby a T-shaped slit is made in the stock plant, and the knife is flexed from side to side in the lower slit to loosen up the bark. Scion wood is selected from the chosen variety, as young, actively growing shoots. Usually, buds at the tip, or at the older parts of the shoot are discarded, and only two to four buds are taken for use. The buds are in the leaf axils. They may be so tiny as to be almost unnoticeable.
Holding the petiole of the leaf as a handle, an oval of the main stem is sliced off, including the petiole and the bud. This is immediately slid into the T on the rootstock, before it can dry out. The joined bud and rootstock are held by a winding of rubber band, which will hold it until sealed, but the band will deteriorate in the sunlight so it soon breaks and does not pinch new growth, girdling the shoot.
The percentage of "take" of the buds depends on the natural compatibility of the stock and scion, the sharpness of the knife, and the skill of the budder; even the experts will have some buds die.
References
Plant reproduction
ka:მყნობა
John David Batton (February 13, 1911 – February 10, 1981), was from 1952 to 1964 the sheriff of their native Webster Parish in northwestern Louisiana. They were defeated after three terms by O. H. Haynes Jr., a fellow Democrat and the son of the sheriff, O. H. Haynes Sr., whom Batton had themselves unseated twelve years earlier.
Law-enforcement career
Webster Parish Sheriff
Shortly after their first reelection, Batton was named one of seventeen directors of the Webster Parish Citizens' Council, a body which sought to prevent school desegregation. Others in the council were the mortician Ed Kleinegger, Tax Assessor Richard B. Garrison, and the Minden High School principal, W. W. Williams.
References
1911 births
1981 deaths
Louisiana sheriffs
American municipal police chiefs
Louisiana Democrats
Politicians from Minden, Louisiana
Citizens' Councils
Minden High School (Minden, Louisiana) alumni
Baptists from Louisiana
Burials at Gardens of Memory Cemetery (Minden, Louisiana)
20th-century American politicians
20th-century Baptists
Bandza () is a village located in the west part of Georgia, Martvili municipality (in the Samegrelo-Zemo Svaneti region). It consists of three small villages: Levakhane, Lekekele, Lepatarave. Bandza is situated on Odishi-Guria plain, on the left side of the river Abasha.
It is 7 kilometers to Martvili from Bandza and 22 kilometers to Abasha. According to the data of 2014, 1099 people live in the village.
Bandza is under Chkondidi Diocese.
History
Bandza was first mentioned in 1699–1740 in the description of Russian Ambassador. In 1658 there was a battle between kings of Imereti and Guria-Samegrelo. Vakhushti Batonishvili writes about the village as “Bandza and castle kindly built”. There is marked “Bandza-Paghao Castle” on the map of the west Georgia created in 1797.
Synagogue
In the second half of 18th century Jewish people started to live in the west part of Georgia. They settled in Kulevi, Kutaisi, Poti, Senaki and lately in Bandza. At the beginning of 20th century they built a synagogue in the Jewish district of Bandza. There is also Jewish cemetery near the synagogue. The synagogue is not active today but many Jewish people visit it very often.
Famous People
Georgian footballer Murtaz Khurtsilava was born in Bandza.
Famous Georgian Theater and Film actor Anzor Urdia was originally from Banzda.
See also
Samegrelo-Zemo Svaneti
References
Populated places in Samegrelo-Zemo Svaneti
A 360-degree feedback (also known as multi-rater feedback, multi source feedback, or multi source assessment) is a process through which feedback from an employees subordinates, colleagues, and supervisor(s), as well as a self-evaluation by the employee themselves is gathered. Such feedback can also include, when relevant, feedback from external sources who interact with the employee, such as customers and suppliers or other interested stakeholders. 360-degree feedback is so named because it solicits feedback regarding an employee's behavior from a variety of points of view (subordinate, lateral, and supervisory). It therefore may be contrasted with "downward feedback" (traditional feedback on work behavior and performance delivered to subordinates by supervisory or management employees only; see traditional performance appraisal), or "upward feedback" delivered to supervisory or management employees by subordinates only.
Organizations have most commonly utilized 360-degree feedback for developmental purposes, providing it to employees to assist them in developing work skills and behaviors. However, organizations are increasingly using 360-degree feedback in performance evaluations and employment decisions (e.g., pay; promotions). When 360-degree feedback is used for performance evaluation purposes, it is sometimes called a "360-degree review".
There is a great deal of debate as to whether 360-degree feedback should be used exclusively for development purposes or for evaluation purposes as well. This is due primarily to feedback providers' subjectivity and motivations, inter-rater variations, and whether feedback providers have the ability to fairly evaluate attainment of work and organizational objectives. While these issues exist when 360-degree feedback is used for development, they are more prominent when employers use them for performance evaluation purposes, as they can unfairly influence employment decisions, and even lead to legal liability.
History
The origins are with the German Reichswehr around 1930, when the military psychologist Johann Baptist Rieffert developed a methodology to select officer candidates. One of the earliest recorded uses of surveys to gather information about employees occurred in the 1950s at the Esso Research and Engineering Company. From there, the idea of 360-degree feedback gained momentum, and by the 1990s most human resources and organizational development professionals understood the concept. The problem was that collecting and collating the feedback demanded a paper-based effort including either complex manual calculations or lengthy delays. The first led to despair on the part of practitioners; the second to a gradual erosion of commitment by recipients.
However, due to the rise of the Internet and the ability to conduct evaluations online with surveys, multi-rater feedback use steadily increased in popularity. Outsourcing of human resources functions also has created a strong market for 360-degree feedback products from consultants. This has led to a proliferation of 360-degree feedback tools on the market.
Today, studies suggest that over one-third of U.S. companies use some type of multi-source feedback. Others claim that this estimate is closer to 90% of all Fortune 500 firms. In recent years, this has become encouraged as Internet-based services have become standard in corporate development, with a growing menu of useful features (e.g., multiple language options, comparative reporting, and aggregate reporting). However, issues abound regarding such systems' validity and reliability, particularly when used in performance appraisals.
Issues
Many 360-degree feedback tools are not customized to the needs of the organizations in which they are used. 360-degree feedback is not equally useful in all types of organizations and with all types of jobs. Additionally, using 360-degree feedback tools for appraisal purposes has increasingly come under fire as performance criteria may not be valid and job based, employees may not be adequately trained to evaluate a co-worker's performance, and feedback providers can manipulate these systems. Employee manipulation of feedback ratings has been reported in some companies who have utilized 360-degree feedback for performance evaluation including GE (Welch 2001), IBM (Linman 2011), and Amazon (Kantor and Streitfeld 2015).
Some members of the U.S. military have criticized its use of 360-degree feedback programs in employment decisions because of problems with validity and reliability. Other branches of the U.S. government have questioned 360-degree feedback reviews as well. Still, these organizations continue to use and refine their assessments that offer multi-rater feedback in their development processes since they offer unique opportunities for leaders to increase their self-awareness of how they are perceived by their
subordinates, peers, and supervisors.
Accuracy
Adopting the 360-degree review approach is purported to be superior to other traditional forms of evaluation and feedback for evaluating employee performance. When successfully implemented, this method initiates a vast positive change and provides a more efficient, thorough, and accurate assessment of performance reviews. Participants must feel the survey instruments are reliable and valid otherwise this multi-source approach can be viewed as problematic. Management has to ensure their employees are aware of the context in the survey to maximize accuracy and minimize bias in responses. Several inconsistencies and errors can arise in the feedback depending on whether or not:
The rater interacts with the employee regularly
The rater lets their emotions influence their judgement
The employee reveals themselves to the rater honestly and completely
The rating has been retained confidentially (if not the rater may not provide an honest rating)
The rater has a high level of confidence in the accuracy of their rating
There is a personal relationship between the employee and rater
The amount and level of training in 360-degree feedback for both the rater and ratee can affect the level of accuracy of the feedback. If no guidance is given, individual bias may affect the rater's ratings and the ratee's interpretation of the feedback. However, even with training measures in place, unconscious bias may still occur due to factors such as the cultural influences or relationship quality between the rater and ratee. Additionally, if there are potential consequences from rater feedback, rater motivation may shift from providing accurate feedback to providing feedback based on self-motivated reasons such as promoting or harming a particular individual. Therefore, it is imperative that a baseline of trust be established between the raters and ratees to improve rater accountability and feedback accuracy.
Furthermore, it is important to recognize who will receive the data collected and who will maintain the confidentiality of that data. The manager or HR employee who manages the collection of data will need to ensure its confidentiality. When participants remain anonymous, they are more likely to provide more accurate feedback because their fear of being reprimanded is eliminated thereby strengthening the accuracy of the review. Moreover, the data should only be available to the employee who has been reviewed and the manager who will be facilitating the feedback for developmental purposes.
It is also vital to standardize how information is collected during the review process. 360-degree feedback may be susceptible to decreased accuracy based on the style of survey used. Research has shown that feedback results may change based on the rating scale used in the survey as well as the length of the survey. Furthermore, rater feedback may change based on the time they completed the survey.
A study on the patterns of rater accuracy shows that the length of time that a rater has known the individual being evaluated has the most significant effect on the accuracy of a 360-degree review. The study shows that subjects in the group "known for one to three years" are the most accurate, followed by those "known for less than one year," followed by those "known for three to five years" and the least accurate being those "known for more than five years." The study concludes that the most accurate ratings come from those who have known the individual being reviewed long enough to get past the first impression, but not so long that they begin to generalize favorably.
It has been suggested that multi-rater assessments often generate conflicting opinions and that there may be no way to determine whose feedback is accurate. Studies have also indicated that self-ratings are generally significantly higher than the ratings given from others. The motivations and biases of feedback providers must be taken into account.
Results
Several studies indicate that the use of 360-degree feedback helps to improve employee performance because it helps the evaluated see different perspectives of their performance. In a 5-year study, no improvement in overall rater scores was found from the 1st year to the 2nd, but scores rose with each passing year from 2nd to 4th. Reilly et al. (1996) found that performance increased between the 1st and 2nd administrations, and sustained this improvement 2 years later. Additional studies show that 360-degree feedback may be predictive of future performance.
Some authors maintain, however, that there are too many confounding variables related to 360-degree evaluations to reliably generalize their effectiveness. Bracken et al. (2001b) and Bracken and Timmreck (2001) focus on process features that are likely to also have major effects on creating behavior change. Greguras and Robie (1998) tracked how the number of raters used in each particular category (direct report, peer, manager) affects the reliability of the feedback. Their research showed that direct reports are the least reliable and, therefore, more participation is required to produce a reliable result. Multiple pieces of research have demonstrated that the scale of responses can have a major effect on the results, and some response scales are better than others. Goldsmith and Underhill (2001) report the powerful influence of the evaluated individual following up with raters to discuss their results, which cannot be done when feedback is anonymous. Other potentially powerful factors affecting behavior change include how raters are selected, manager approval, instrument quality, rater training and orientation, participant training, supervisor training, coaching, integration with HR systems, and accountability.
Some researchers claim that the use of multi-rater assessment does not improve company performance. One 2001 study found that 360-degree feedback was associated with a 10.6 percent decrease in market value, and concludes that "there is no data showing that [360-degree feedback] actually improves productivity, increases retention, decreases grievances, or is superior to forced ranking and standard performance appraisal systems."
One group of studies proposed four paradoxes that explain why 360-degree evaluations do not elicit accurate data: (1) the Paradox of Roles, in which an evaluator is conflicted by being both peer and the judge; (2) the Paradox of Group Performance, which admits that the vast majority of work done in a corporate setting is done in groups, not individually; (3) the Measurement Paradox, which shows that qualitative, or in-person, techniques are much more effective than mere ratings in facilitating change; and (4) the Paradox of Rewards, which shows that individuals evaluating their peers care more about the rewards associated with finishing the task than the actual content of the evaluation itself.
Additional studies found no correlation between an employee's multi-rater assessment scores and their or their top-down performance appraisal scores (provided by the person's supervisor). They advise that although multi-rater feedback can be effectively used for appraisal, care needs to be taken in its implementation or results will be compromised. This research suggests that 360-degree feedback and performance appraisals get at different outcomes. Therefore, traditional performance appraisals as well as 360-degree feedback should be used in evaluating overall performance.
References
Further reading
Job evaluation
Personal development
Industrial and organizational psychology
Workplace
Workplace programs
American Joint Committee for Assisting Japanese-American Orphans is an American private agency responsible for intracountry adoptions of Japanese-American children after World War II. See also Sweden v. Yamaguchi
External links
Adoption History Project
Joint committees
Japan–United States relations
Japanese-American history
The 1975–76 Pittsburgh Penguins season was their ninth in the National Hockey League. They finished third in the Norris Division, as they had in 1974–75. Despite strong seasons by Pierre Larouche, who set new club records in goals scored in a season (53) and points in a season (111), Jean Pronovost and Syl Apps, Jr. (who set a new club record for assists in a season with 67) the Penguins powerful offense scored a meagre three goals in three games against the Toronto Maple Leafs in the preliminary round of the Stanley Cup playoffs, ending their season.
Regular season
Division standings
Schedule and results
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 1 || Oct 7 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 4–2 || Washington Capitals || Capital Centre || 1–0–0 || 2
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2 || Oct 11 || Washington Capitals || 5–7 || Pittsburgh Penguins || Civic Arena || 2–0–0 || 4
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 3 || Oct 15 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 8–4 || Toronto Maple Leafs || Maple Leaf Gardens || 3–0–0 || 6
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 4 || Oct 18 || Detroit Red Wings || 1–6 || Pittsburgh Penguins || Civic Arena || 4–0–0 || 8
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 5 || Oct 21 || Montreal Canadiens || 7–1 || Pittsburgh Penguins || Civic Arena || 4–1–0 || 8
|- style="background:#ffc;"
| 6 || Oct 25 || Philadelphia Flyers || 4–4 || Pittsburgh Penguins || Civic Arena || 4–1–1 || 9
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 7 || Oct 30 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 0–4 || Los Angeles Kings || The Forum || 4–2–1 || 9
|-
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 8 || Nov 1 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–7 || Minnesota North Stars || Met Center || 4–3–1 || 9
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 9 || Nov 2 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 2–7 || Buffalo Sabres || Buffalo Memorial Auditorium || 4–4–1 || 9
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 10 || Nov 5 || New York Islanders || 6–7 || Pittsburgh Penguins || Civic Arena || 5–4–1 || 11
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 11 || Nov 6 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 5–3 || St. Louis Blues || St. Louis Arena || 6–4–1 || 13
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 12 || Nov 8 || Chicago Black Hawks || 7–5 || Pittsburgh Penguins || Civic Arena || 6–5–1 || 13
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 13 || Nov 9 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 4–6 || Philadelphia Flyers || The Spectrum || 6–6–1 || 13
|- style="background:#ffc;"
| 14 || Nov 12 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 6–6 || Washington Capitals || Capital Centre || 6–6–2 || 14
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 15 || Nov 13 || Montreal Canadiens || 5–4 || Pittsburgh Penguins || Civic Arena || 6–7–2 || 14
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 16 || Nov 15 || Buffalo Sabres || 5–2 || Pittsburgh Penguins || Civic Arena || 6–8–2 || 14
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 17 || Nov 18 || California Golden Seals || 5–3 || Pittsburgh Penguins || Civic Arena || 6–9–2 || 14
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 18 || Nov 21 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 4–1 || Atlanta Flames || Omni Coliseum || 7–9–2 || 16
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 19 || Nov 22 || Los Angeles Kings || 3–6 || Pittsburgh Penguins || Civic Arena || 8–9–2 || 18
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 20 || Nov 26 || Detroit Red Wings || 2–5 || Pittsburgh Penguins || Civic Arena || 9–9–2 || 20
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 21 || Nov 29 || New York Rangers || 3–8 || Pittsburgh Penguins || Civic Arena || 10–9–2 || 22
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 22 || Nov 30 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 2–4 || Boston Bruins || Boston Garden || 10–10–2 || 22
|-
|- style="background:#ffc;"
| 23 || Dec 3 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–3 || Chicago Black Hawks || Chicago Stadium || 10–10–3 || 23
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 24 || Dec 4 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 1–6 || New York Islanders || Nassau Veterans Memorial Coliseum || 10–11–3 || 23
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 25 || Dec 7 || Toronto Maple Leafs || 3–6 || Pittsburgh Penguins || Civic Arena || 11–11–3 || 25
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 26 || Dec 9 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 2–3 || Kansas City Scouts || Kemper Arena || 11–12–3 || 25
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 27 || Dec 10 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 2–3 || Detroit Red Wings || Olympia Stadium || 11–13–3 || 25
|- style="background:#ffc;"
| 28 || Dec 13 || Boston Bruins || 4–4 || Pittsburgh Penguins || Civic Arena || 11–13–4 || 26
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 29 || Dec 14 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 4–7 || Montreal Canadiens || Montreal Forum || 11–14–4 || 26
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 30 || Dec 17 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 9–2 || California Golden Seals || Oakland Coliseum Arena || 12–14–4 || 28
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 31 || Dec 19 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 1–5 || Vancouver Canucks || Pacific Coliseum || 12–15–4 || 28
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 32 || Dec 20 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 5–1 || Los Angeles Kings || The Forum || 13–15–4 || 30
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 33 || Dec 23 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–4 || New York Rangers || Madison Square Garden (IV) || 13–16–4 || 30
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 34 || Dec 26 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–4 || Atlanta Flames || Omni Coliseum || 13–17–4 || 30
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 35 || Dec 27 || Atlanta Flames || 2–3 || Pittsburgh Penguins || Civic Arena || 14–17–4 || 32
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 36 || Dec 31 || Los Angeles Kings || 1–5 || Pittsburgh Penguins || Civic Arena || 15–17–4 || 34
|-
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 37 || Jan 3 || Philadelphia Flyers || 8–4 || Pittsburgh Penguins || Civic Arena || 15–18–4 || 34
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 38 || Jan 4 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–5 || Chicago Black Hawks || Chicago Stadium || 15–19–4 || 34
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 39 || Jan 7 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 1–4 || California Golden Seals || Oakland Coliseum Arena || 15–20–4 || 34
|- style="background:#ffc;"
| 40 || Jan 10 || Vancouver Canucks || 3–3 || Pittsburgh Penguins || Civic Arena || 15–20–5 || 35
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 41 || Jan 11 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 0–6 || Buffalo Sabres || Buffalo Memorial Auditorium || 15–21–5 || 35
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 42 || Jan 13 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 2–6 || Boston Bruins || Boston Garden || 15–22–5 || 35
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 43 || Jan 15 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 1–4 || Philadelphia Flyers || The Spectrum || 15–23–5 || 35
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 44 || Jan 17 || Buffalo Sabres || 2–3 || Pittsburgh Penguins || Civic Arena || 16–23–5 || 37
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 45 || Jan 18 || New York Rangers || 3–8 || Pittsburgh Penguins || Civic Arena || 17–23–5 || 39
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 46 || Jan 22 || Montreal Canadiens || 4–3 || Pittsburgh Penguins || Civic Arena || 17–24–5 || 39
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 47 || Jan 24 || Washington Capitals || 2–8 || Pittsburgh Penguins || Civic Arena || 18–24–5 || 41
|- style="background:#ffc;"
| 48 || Jan 25 || Minnesota North Stars || 1–1 || Pittsburgh Penguins || Civic Arena || 18–24–6 || 42
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 49 || Jan 29 || Kansas City Scouts || 2–6 || Pittsburgh Penguins || Civic Arena || 19–24–6 || 44
|- style="background:#ffc;"
| 50 || Jan 31 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 4–4 || Kansas City Scouts || Kemper Arena || 19–24–7 || 45
|-
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 51 || Feb 1 || Toronto Maple Leafs || 1–7 || Pittsburgh Penguins || Civic Arena || 20–24–7 || 47
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 52 || Feb 5 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 1–5 || Boston Bruins || Boston Garden || 20–25–7 || 47
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 53 || Feb 7 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 7–3 || Los Angeles Kings || The Forum || 21–25–7 || 49
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 54 || Feb 8 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 7–3 || Vancouver Canucks || Pacific Coliseum || 22–25–7 || 51
|- style="background:#ffc;"
| 55 || Feb 11 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 4–4 || California Golden Seals || Oakland Coliseum Arena || 22–25–8 || 52
|- style="background:#ffc;"
| 56 || Feb 14 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 4–4 || New York Islanders || Nassau Veterans Memorial Coliseum || 22–25–9 || 53
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 57 || Feb 15 || Los Angeles Kings || 4–6 || Pittsburgh Penguins || Civic Arena || 23–25–9 || 55
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 58 || Feb 17 || Kansas City Scouts || 1–6 || Pittsburgh Penguins || Civic Arena || 24–25–9 || 57
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 59 || Feb 19 || Toronto Maple Leafs || 5–7 || Pittsburgh Penguins || Civic Arena || 25–25–9 || 59
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 60 || Feb 21 || Chicago Black Hawks || 1–10 || Pittsburgh Penguins || Civic Arena || 26–25–9 || 61
|- style="background:#ffc;"
| 61 || Feb 22 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 2–2 || Detroit Red Wings || Olympia Stadium || 26–25–10 || 62
|- style="background:#ffc;"
| 62 || Feb 25 || Atlanta Flames || 3–3 || Pittsburgh Penguins || Civic Arena || 26–25–11 || 63
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 63 || Feb 28 || Vancouver Canucks || 4–5 || Pittsburgh Penguins || Civic Arena || 27–25–11 || 65
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 64 || Feb 29 || St. Louis Blues || 5–3 || Pittsburgh Penguins || Civic Arena || 27–26–11 || 65
|-
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 65 || Mar 2 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 6–2 || Minnesota North Stars || Met Center || 28–26–11 || 67
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 66 || Mar 6 || Minnesota North Stars || 0–5 || Pittsburgh Penguins || Civic Arena || 29–26–11 || 69
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 67 || Mar 7 || New York Islanders || 5–3 || Pittsburgh Penguins || Civic Arena || 29–27–11 || 69
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 68 || Mar 10 || Buffalo Sabres || 7–6 || Pittsburgh Penguins || Civic Arena || 29–28–11 || 69
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 69 || Mar 13 || California Golden Seals || 2–4 || Pittsburgh Penguins || Civic Arena || 30–28–11 || 71
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 70 || Mar 14 || St. Louis Blues || 1–7 || Pittsburgh Penguins || Civic Arena || 31–28–11 || 73
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 71 || Mar 16 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 4–5 || Montreal Canadiens || Montreal Forum || 31–29–11 || 73
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 72 || Mar 19 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 7–3 || Washington Capitals || Capital Centre || 32–29–11 || 75
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 73 || Mar 21 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 4–2 || New York Rangers || Madison Square Garden (IV) || 33–29–11 || 77
|- style="background:#ffc;"
| 74 || Mar 24 || Boston Bruins || 5–5 || Pittsburgh Penguins || Civic Arena || 33–29–12 || 78
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 75 || Mar 25 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 2–5 || St. Louis Blues || St. Louis Arena || 33–30–12 || 78
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 76 || Mar 28 || Detroit Red Wings || 0–3 || Pittsburgh Penguins || Civic Arena || 34–30–12 || 80
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 77 || Mar 29 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 4–5 || Toronto Maple Leafs || Maple Leaf Gardens || 34–31–12 || 80
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 78 || Mar 31 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–7 || Montreal Canadiens || Montreal Forum || 34–32–12 || 80
|-
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 79 || Apr 3 || Washington Capitals || 5–4 || Pittsburgh Penguins || Civic Arena || 34–33–12 || 80
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 80 || Apr 4 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 6–5 || Detroit Red Wings || Olympia Stadium || 35–33–12 || 82
|-
|- style="text-align:center;"
| Legend: = Win = Loss = Tie
Playoffs
The Penguins' made the playoffs for the fourth time in their history, losing in the preliminary round to Toronto.
Player statistics
Skaters
Goaltenders
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining the Penguins. Stats reflect time with the Penguins only.
‡Denotes player was traded mid-season. Stats reflect time with the Penguins only.
Awards and records
Jean Pronovost became the first player to score 200 goals for the Penguins. They did so in a 4–5 loss to Montreal on November 13.
Jean Pronovost became the first player to score 400 points for the Penguins. They did so in a 5–2 win over Detroit on November 26.
Jean Pronovost became the first person to score 50 goals in a season for the Penguins. They did so in a 5–5 tie with Boston on March 24.
Pierre Larouche became the first person to score 100 points in a season for the Penguins. They did so in a 5–5 tie with Boston on March 24.
Pierre Larouche established a new franchise record for goals in a season with 53, besting the previous high of 52 held by Jean Pronovost.
Pierre Larouche established a new franchise record for points in a season with 111, besting the previous high of 86 held by Ron Schock.
Syl Apps, Jr. established a new franchise record for assists in a season with 67, besting the previous high of 63 held by Ron Schock.
Ron Stackhouse established a new franchise record for assists (60) and points (71) by a defenseman in a season. They topped the previous highs of 45 assists 60 points both held by himself.
Ron Stackhouse established a new franchise record for points by a defenseman with 150, besting the previous high of 104 held by Duane Rupp.
Transactions
The Penguins were involved in the following transactions during the 1975–76 season:
Trades
Additions and subtractions
Awards and honors
Draft picks
The 1975 NHL Amateur Draft was held in Montreal, Quebec.
References
Penguins on Hockey Database
Pittsburgh Penguins seasons
Pittsburgh
Pittsburgh
Pitts
Pitts
Dương Văn Dan (born 20 December 1937) is a Vietnamese former sports shooter. They competed in the 50 metre pistol event at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1937 births
Living people
People from An Giang Province
Vietnamese male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Vietnam
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Scott Cinemas Ltd. (also WTW Scott Cinemas Ltd.) are a British cinema chain based in the English county of Devon.
In 2017 WTW Cinemas took a shareholding in Scott Cinemas, and in 2019 became its majority shareholders. The combined companies operate 11 locations (7 branded as Scott; 4 WTW).
Locations
They operate cinemas across the south and southwest of England. The company previously operated a cinema in Lyme Regis, but this closed due to a fire.
The Central Cinema in Barnstaple was named the RAAM Independent UK Cinema of the Year in 2008, and in the same year the Savoy Cinema in Exmouth received an Award of Excellence in the same category.
Future Locations
References
External links
Scott Cinemas
Cinema chains in the United Kingdom
Companies based in Devon
Desisa marmorata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1938.
References
Desisa
Beetles described in 1938
Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica AVC Vogherese 1919 (briefly Vogherese or Voghera) is an Italian football club, based in the town Voghera, Lombardy. It plays at Voghera's Stadio Comunale Giovanni Parisi, with a capacity of 4,000 seats.
Foundation
Associazione Vogherese Calcio was founded on 26 November 1919 at the Trattoria Pistone.
After a dozen championships between second and first division, in 1930 Vogherese lost the playoff for promotion to Serie B in Piacenza for three goals to two.
In 1932, the Italian national team played a friendly in Voghera, winning by six to two.
In the late 1930s until 1942 the Vogherese were called V.I.S.A. Voghera, only to return to A.V.C. Vogherese in championship 1942–43.
Between 1945 and 1948 was the peak for football in Voghera with three consecutive seasons in Serie B. Then the relegation to Serie C in the 1950s, in 1959 the company experienced a severe financial crisis that lead to the cessation of sport.
Refoundation
To continue the football tradition of A.C. Voghera, the Associazione Ragazzi Cairoli, founded in 1948 took the place of Vogherese, recovering only in 1994 the name of the bankrupt company, competing in amateur championships Lombard until it return to Serie D.
At the end of the 1980–81 season it was promoted to the Serie C2 in which it remained until the 1987–88 season.
Demoted in Serie D, it would still play between this league and Serie C2: it was relegated from C2 at the end of the 1998–99 season.
In 2005 the team after finishing the season in third place, won the playoffs, but this was not enough to get the repechage to Serie C2.
In the 2010–11 season Voghera gained access to the Serie D promotion play-off advancing through the group stage to the semifinals, where it was eliminated by Rimini.
Liquidation and following refoundations
In summer 2013 the club wasn't able to enter 2013–14 Serie D and was so subsequently liquidated.
A first attempt to re-start the activity took place in 2015, as three football clubs based in Voghera (Nord Voghera, Torrevillese and Orione) united in a new company called Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica Voghera, which joined the Prima Categoria in 2015-2016 and was promoted to Promozione in 2017-2018. However, just one year later the club went again on bankruptcy and had to withdraw from the championship in winter 2018.
After some months, business person Oreste Cavaliere took over A.S.D. OltrepòVoghera (another club based in Voghera, playing its football in Eccellenza), renaming it Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica AVC Vogherese 1919 and re-starting the "rossoneri" history.
Colors and badge
Its colors are red and black.
External links
Official website
Defunct football clubs in Italy
Football clubs in Lombardy
Voghera
1919 establishments in Italy
2013 disestablishments in Italy
Association football clubs established in 1919
The 1990 Hammersmith and Fulham Council election took place on 3 May 1990 to elect members of Hammersmith and Fulham London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Labour party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
In five out of the six by-elections since the previous Council was elected, the previous party had retained the seat. In May 1989 Labour won the seat previously held by Simon Knott for the Liberal Democrats, following their resignation from the Council. They had held a seat on the Council since 1974, having also contested the previous three elections since the Council was originally formed in 1968.
Election result
The Labour Party won 28 seats - a loss of 12 seats from the 1986 election, but maintained control. The Conservative Party won 22 seats - a gain of 13 seats from their previous result. The Liberal Democrats lost their only seat on the council.
Ward results
Addison
Avonmore
Broadway
Brook Green
Colehill
College Park & Old Oak
Coningham
Crabtree
Eel Brook
Gibbs Green
Grove
Margravine
Normand
Palace
Ravenscourt
Sands End
Sherbrooke
Starch Green
Sulivan
Town
Walham
White City & Shepherds Bush
Wormholt
References
1990
Hammersmith and Fulham
20th century in the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham
Corrhenodes gracilis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1942.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1942
Nordic combined at the 2016 Winter Youth Olympics was held at the Lysgårdsbakken in Lillehammer, Norway on 16 February. Nordic combined athletes also took part at the mixed ski jumping team event and the nordic team event.
Medal summary
Medal table
Events
Boys' events
Mixed events
Qualification system
Each nation could send a maximum of 1 boy. The top scoring teams of the Marc Hodler Trophy Ski Jumping at the 2015 Junior Nordic World Ski Championships plus the hosts Norway were allowed to send the maximum of 1 boy. Any remaining quota spots were distributed to nations not already qualified, with a maximum of one boy or girl from one nation. The quota limit was 20.
Qualification summary
References
External links
Results Book – Nordic combined
2016 in Nordic combined
2016 Winter Youth Olympics events
2016
Youth Olympics
Nicklasson is a Swedish surname. Notable people with this surname include:
Andreas Nicklasson (born 1978), Swedish football player
Daniel Nicklasson (born 1981), Swedish football player
Göran Nicklasson (1942–2018), Swedish football player
Jan Nicklasson (born 1954), Swedish rower
, Swedish musician
Swedish-language surnames
The 2015 Bursa Cup was a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the first edition of the tournament and part of the 2015 ITF Women's Circuit, offering a total of $50,000 in prize money. It took place in Bursa, Turkey, on 6–12 June 2015.
Singles main draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings as of 29 June 2015
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Ayla Aksu
Başak Eraydın
Deniz Paykoç
Melis Sezer
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Lina Gjorcheska
Ganna Poznikhirenko
Caroline Roméo
Raluca Georgiana Șerban
The following player received entry by a protected ranking:
Mihaela Buzărnescu
Champions
Singles
İpek Soylu def. Anastasija Sevastova, 7–5, 3–6, 6–1
Doubles
Marina Melnikova / Laura Pous Tió def. Sofia Shapatava / Anastasiya Vasylyeva, 6–4, 6–4
External links
2015 Bursa Cup at ITFtennis.com
Official website
2015 ITF Women's Circuit
2015 in Turkish tennis
2015
The Diocese of Nouakchott is a Latin Church ecclesiastical territory or diocese of the Catholic Church situated in Nouakchott, Mauritania. It is the only Catholic ecclesiastical territory in Mauritania. The Cathedral of St. Joseph is located in Nouakchott.
History
18 December 1965: Established as Diocese of Nouakchott from the Apostolic Prefecture of Saint-Louis du Sénégal in Senegal
Leadership
Bishops of Nouakchott
Archbishop (titular) Michel-Jules-Joseph-Marie Bernard (died 2 January 1993), C.S.Sp. (15 January 1966 – 21 December 1973)
Bishop Robert Marie Jean Victor de Chevigny (died 11 June 2011), C.S.Sp. (21 December 1973 – 10 July 1995)
Bishop Martin Albert Happe, M. Afr. (since 10 July 1995)
See also
List of Catholic dioceses in Morocco, Mauretania and Western Sahara
Catholicism in Mauritania
References
GCatholic.org
Catholic Hierarchy
Roman Catholic dioceses in Mauritania
Christian organizations established in 1965
Roman Catholic dioceses and prelatures established in the 20th century
Thomas Helbig (born 1967 in Rosenheim, West Germany) is an artist based in Berlin.
Helbig attended the Academy of Fine Arts, Munich and Goldsmiths, University of London, from 1989 to 1996.
They have shown work in many exhibitions including at Oldenburger Kunstverein, at the ICA in London and at Maschenmode in Berlin. They have also shown at galleries and museums such as Museum Abteiberg in Mönchengladbach, Danel Hug Gallery in Los Angeles and The Approach in London. Helbig is represented by China Art Objects Gallery ((https://web.archive.org/web/20101026014445/http://chinaartobjects.com/)), in Los Angeles, Galerie Ban Kaufmann , Munich and Galerie Guido W. Baudach , Berlin.
External links
Thomas Helbig at Guido W. Baudach
Thomas Helbig at Sorcha Dallas
Thomas Helbig – Saatchi Gallery
Thomas Helbig at Berliner Poster Verlag
Living people
1967 births
20th-century German painters
German male painters
21st-century German painters
21st-century German male artists
Academy of Fine Arts, Munich alumni
20th-century German sculptors
20th-century German male artists
German male sculptors
Middlesbrough Youth Theatres (MYT) is an umbrella company consisting of Middlesbrough Junior Theatre, earlier known as MLT Juniors (aged 11–16), together with a 'Kidstage' group of 7- to 11-year-olds, and an older 'Youth Theatre' of 11- to 18-year-olds. The largest section of the company is the Juniors, a group originally created in 1956.
The company performs in Middlesbrough Theatre, and many of its former members continue to work in drama and the performing arts. The group is a member of the National Association of Youth Theatres (NAYT). The company has also taken part in the Edinburgh Fringe, and is a regular at the Middlesbrough Youth Drama Festival. Several full-length musicals have been written especially for the company and all have been performed on the professional stage at the Middlesbrough Theatre. The current Artistic Director of MYT is Wendy Lowe.
Show history
The Group
The longest running section of the group itself was its "Juniors"; MLT Juniors being the group's official name until 2002. The "Juniors" typically has a membership of around 100, ageing from around 13 to 16 (although this age limit often changed). The older "Youth" group has around twenty members. The "Kidstage" theatre group brought about a new beginning for MLT Ltd as it took on a separate group of up to 30 pre-secondary school children.
The company is managed by 'leaders', consisting of both professional and amateur actors, dancers and singers. As a company, there are also directors, an administrator and a treasurer. These members of staff are often the directors, musical directors or backstage crew of the productions. The backstage, costuming and rehearsal crew itself is usually made up of volunteers, with professional lighting and sound crews, and occasionally an orchestra, being the only part of each production that does not come from within the 'group'.
Some limited special effects were made use of during MLTJ performances, including notably splurge guns during 'Bugsy Malone', indoor fireworks during 'Santa Claus: The Musical' and a flying sequence during 'Peter Pan'.
The Leaders
Here is a partial list of some of the leaders who have worked with Middlesbrough Youth Theatre;
* Jane Lester-Bourne
Georgie Sanderson
Jean Scarlet Carr
Natalie O'Brian
Vicki Cox
Paul Mason
Tim Jasper
Rehearsals & Performances
The group rehearses in several venues in Middlesbrough, north-east England, with productions staged in the town's Middlesbrough Theatre. The theatre itself seats 484 people, and was the first theatre to be built in Britain after World War II. The company now rehearse at Toft House Middlesbrough but use The Scout Hut ( Tollesby Road ) for weekly workshops.
Middlesbrough Little Theatre Ltd.
Middlesbrough Youth Theatre was affiliated with MLT Ltd., which was born in 1930, and whose productions, although sometimes directed by professionals, were performed almost always by amateurs. Their first play, "To What Red Hell", by Percy Robinson, was presented in November 1930 in the Church Hall of St. John's. The company occupied this stage for twenty-seven years, until in 1945 a new theatre was proposed using money from the Building Fund. Complications meant that, as well as the cost rising to three times the original estimate, the Middlesbrough Theatre did not open until 1957.
The theatre was opened by Sir John Gielgud, and its opening production was a lavish presentation of 'Caesar and Cleopatra'. The Theatre was handed over to the local council in 1972 due to rising maintenance costs, but MLT Ltd, the resident amateur company, still resides there, staging around 2-4 shows each year.
Previous Members
Previous members of MYT have gone onto careers in the performing arts. The following internet links are to other websites concerning some of these people.
Mark Benton, Actor
Peter Gordon, Actor
Lisa Newton, Costume Designer
Jessica Robinson, Singer/Actress
Natasha Ferguson, Singer/Actress - UK & Ireland Tour of Wicked (1st Cover 'Nessa Rose')
Matthew Dale, Singer/Actor - UK & Ireland Tour of Billy Elliot (1st Cover 'Tony')
References
External links
Clubs and societies in England
Middlesbrough
Youth organisations based in the United Kingdom
Youth theatre companies
Organisations based in North Yorkshire
Culture in North Yorkshire
Good for Nothing () is a 2014 comedy film written and directed by Gianni Di Gregorio. It premiered at the 2014 Rome Film Festival.
Plot
Rome. Gianni Brandani is a meek man on the verge of retirement who works as a clerk in an "Italian-style" public facility, doing little or nothing. At home they have to deal with the bulky presence of their ex-wife, the daughter who has just started a family and the gruff elderly tenant downstairs.
Suddenly they receive the news that to get the pension they will have to work another three years in a modern and more efficient branch. In this branch all its limitations and backwardness come out.
Among the new colleagues is Marco, a good, docile and very efficient man who does favors to all the others, who take advantage of the fact that they cannot say no.  They are also in love with the busty colleague Cinzia, younger than him, who deludes him. Gianni and Marco make friends, and learn to be respected by everyone.
Cast
Gianni Di Gregorio as Gianni
Marco Marzocca as Marco
Valentina Lodovini as Cinzia
Marco Messeri as Raffaele
Daniela Giordano as Marta
Gianfelice Imparato as Christian
Camilla Filippi as Camilla
Anna Bonaiuto as The Boss
See also
List of Italian films of 2014
References
External links
2014 comedy films
Italian comedy films
Films directed by Gianni Di Gregorio
Films set in Rome
2010s Italian films
Scott City is an unincorporated community in Fairbanks Township, Sullivan County, in the U.S. state of Indiana.
The community is part of the Terre Haute Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Geography
Scott City is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Sullivan County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Terre Haute metropolitan area
Wells Lake (January 12, 1772 – November 26, 1839) was an American farmer and politician from New York.
Life
Wells Lake was born January 12, 1772 in Stratford, Connecticut, the son of David (1733-1800) and Sarah Wells Lake (1742-1803). Through their mother, Lake is a direct descendant of Connecticut Governor Thomas Welles. It is unclear when Lake moved to New York, but it was there that they met their wife, Ruth (née Hine) Lake (1782-1827), and married them in 1801. Ruth's brother, Reuben Holmes Hine, was the New Paltz Town Supervisor in 1842 and a New York State Assemblyman in 1844.
They lived in that part of the Town of New Paltz which was separated in 1845 as the Town of Lloyd, in Ulster County, New York.
They were a member of the New York State Assembly (Sullivan and Ulster Co.) in 1820-21; and (Ulster Co.) in 1823
They were a member of the New York State Senate (2nd D.) from 1825 to 1828, sitting in the 48th, 49th, 50th and 51st New York State Legislatures.
Separated by their terms in both New York State branches, Lake served as the Supervisor of New Paltz from 1818 to 1819 and 1821 to 1824.
In 1834, they served as President of the Ulster County Jackson Republican Convention.
They died on November 26, 1839 in New Paltz, and was buried in the Highland Cemetery in Highland, New York.
Personal life
Wells Lake and their wife Ruth had at least 11 children:
Hiram Lake (1801-1837)
Mary Lake (1803-1853)
Lewis Hine Lake (1803-1873)
Sarah Lake (1807-1875)
Stephen Lake (1809-1861)
Harriet Lake (1811-1902)
Lydia Lake (1814-1880)
Eli Lake (1816-1877)
Ruth Lake (1816-1888)
Emily Lake (1818-?)
Olive Lake (1821-?)
Their son Stephen served as the second Town of Lloyd Supervisor from 1849 to 1851. Stephen's brother-in-law, Reuben Deyo (1800-1864), had served as the first following the Lloyd split from New Paltz (1845-1848).
Their daughter Ruth married John Benson Schoonmaker (1810-1895), and they named their son Wells Lake Schoonmaker, after Ruth's father. Wells L. Schoonmaker served as the Town of Marbletown Supervisor from 1884 to 1885. Another son, Hiram Schoonmaker (1836-1910), married Josephine Chambers, daughter of Supervisor and State Senator George Chambers.
References
Sources
The New York Civil List compiled by Franklin Benjamin Hough (pages 126f, 142, 197, 200 and 286; Weed, Parsons and Co., 1858)
The History of Ulster County, New York by Alphonso T. Clearwater (pg. 270f)
De Witt Clinton and the Rise of the People's Men by Craig Hanyan & Mary L. Hanyan (pg. 258)
1773 births
1839 deaths
People from Ulster County, New York
New York (state) state senators
Members of the New York State Assembly
New York (state) Democratic-Republicans
Farmers from New York (state)
Iffley Meadows is a biological Site of Special Scientific Interest in Oxford in Oxfordshire. It is owned by Oxford City Council and managed by the Berkshire, Buckinghamshire and Oxfordshire Wildlife Trust
These flood meadows on Iffley Island, between two arms of the River Thames,, are traditionally managed for hay and pasture. A large part of the site is on clay, and it is enriched by silt each year when it is flooded. There is a rich grassland flora, with the outstanding feature being 89,000 snake's head fritillaries, which produce purple flowers in the spring. There is a network of old river channels, ditches and overgrown hedges.
References
Meadows in Oxfordshire
Berkshire, Buckinghamshire and Oxfordshire Wildlife Trust
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Oxfordshire
Parks and open spaces in Oxford
Parks and open spaces on the River Thames
Roberto de Figueiredo Caldas (Aracaju - Brazil, born July 29, 1962) is a judge of the Inter-American Court of Human Rights (mandate from 2013 to 2018).  They are also an attorney, partner and chairperson of the Legal-Administrative Board of the Law Office Alino & Roberto e Advogados.
Current activities
Vicepresident of the Inter-American Court of Human Rights from 2014 to 2015.
Judge of the Inter-American Court of Human Rights (mandate from 2013 to 2018);
Attorney, partner and chairperson of the Legal-Administrative Board of the Law Office Alino & Roberto e Advogados , that solely acts within pro-citizenship causes;
Advocates before the Brazilian Federal Supreme Court and Superior Courts of Justice for over twenty five years, having argued a number of leading cases;
Expert in Ethics, Human and Social Rights, as well as in Constitutional and Labour Law;
Member of the Institute of Brazilian Attorneys, with a seat on the Standing Committee for Labour Rights since 1993;
Lecturer and regular member of national legal public examination boards, including the ones for Judges and Public Prosecutors.
Main titles and awards
Bachelor of Law, University of Brasilia (UnB), 1984;
Doctor honoris causa, São Luís College, Maranhão (2010);
Doctor honoris causa, Complexo de Ensino Superior de Santa Catarina – CECUSC, School of Social Sciences of Florianópolis (SC, 2010);
Commander of the Order of Labour Judicial Merit, Brazilian Superior Labour Court (2003);
Commander of the Dom Bosco Order of Merit, Brazilian Regional Labour Court of the 10th Region (2003);
Grand Cross Order of Labour Merit of Sergipe, Brazilian Regional Labour Court of the 20th Region (2008).
Previous activities
Ad hoc Judge of the Inter-American Court of Human Rights in Brazilian proceedings since
2007: Escher, Garibaldi, and Gomes Lund or Guerrilha do Araguaia. Member of the National Legal and Labour Amendment Commission of the Brazilian Ministry of Labour and Employment - MTE (2003 - currently). Member of the Public Ethics Commission of the Presidency of the Brazilian Republic Office (2006-2012). Councilman of the Council on Public Transparency and Corruption Combat – Office of the Comptroller General of Brazil - CGU / Office of the Presidency of the Brazilian Republic (2007 - 2012). Within the Brazilian Bar Association - OAB, Roberto was councilman of the National Social Rights Commission (2007 - 2010), General Coordinator of the Coordinating Committee on Combating Slave Labour (2010-2013) and of the Subcommittee on Combating Slave Labour of the National Committee on Human Rights (2004 - 2006), Chairman and Co-founder of the Committee on Slave Labour Combat (2002 - 2004) and was a member of the Commission for Legal Education and the Special Commission of the Attorneys Caucus, Brazilian Chamber of Deputies. Served as vice chairperson, member, and co-founder of the National Social Rights Commission of the Brazilian Bar Association (1999 - 2004). National Secretary-General of the National Commission for Defense of the Republic and Democracy of the Brazilian National Bar Association (2010 - 2013) and the Brazilian Bar Association's Representative before the Superior Court of Labour (2002 - 2004). Member of the Joint Commission of the Brazilian Bar Association (OAB) and of the Brazilian Association of Magistrates on the Brazilian Judiciary Amendment, generating a substantial portion of Constitutional Amendment n. 45/2004. Participated on the National Commission on the Elimination of Slave Labour (CONATRAE) of the Secretariat for Human Rights / Office of the Presidency of the Brazilian Republic (2003 - 2007 and 2010 - 2013) and of the Working Group on Labour and Union Amendment of the Economic and Social Development Council / Office of the Presidency of the Republic (2003 - 2004). Vice chairperson Federal District of the Brazilian Association of Labour Attorneys – ABRAT (2002 - 2004). Roberto was councilman of the Federal District Brazilian Bar Association Section, in which they were the founder and the very first Chairman of the Commission on Social Rights (2001 - 2003).
References
Inter-American Court of Human Rights judges
21st-century Brazilian judges
1962 births
Living people
20th-century Brazilian lawyers
Brazilian judges of international courts and tribunals
Mark Rubin is an American multi-instrumentalist, songwriter, producer of music for television and motion pictures, published critic, educator. Founder of proto-Americana acts Killbilly in Dallas TX in 1989 and Bad Livers, Austin TX, in 1990, Rubin is best known as a bassist and tuba player. Today they live and works in the musical community of South Louisiana based in New Orleans and tours frequently performing their own original material as "Jew of Oklahoma".
Early life
Rubin was born in Stillwater, Oklahoma and grew up in Norman, Oklahoma. They first arrived in Austin on August 28, 1987. As of 2014 they live and works in New Orleans.
Musical career
Killbilly
Rubin was a founding member of "Killbilly", a Dallas, Texas-based band active from 1987 to 1994, which described its music as being a mixture of bluegrass and punk. Critics have variously described the band's style as a "fusion of bluegrass and shred metal", and as "a genuine bluegrass band playing straight, fast and loud". It was in Killbilly that Rubin first met banjoist Danny Barnes who encouraged their playing and suggested they leave for Austin. Rubin left the band, and Dallas, to move to Austin and play with Barnes in 1989, eventually forming "Bad Livers" in 1990.
Bad Livers
The "Bad Livers" were an American band from Austin, Texas, United States, whose inventive musical style defied attempts to categorize them according to existing genres, though their influences included bluegrass, folk, punk, and other musical styles. The original lineup, formed in 1990, included Danny Barnes on banjo, guitar and resonator guitar, Mark Rubin on upright bass and tuba, and Ralph "Trey" White III on fiddle and accordion. Barnes composed the majority of the group's original songs, with Erik Hokkanen and Champ Hood playing fiddle on the records. When White left the group at the end of 1996, they were briefly replaced by Bob Grant on mandolin and guitar. Barnes and Rubin then continued to perform and record as a duo until unofficially dissolving the band in 2000. The band has neither toured nor recorded since then, but Barnes and Rubin have played a few live shows with Grant at Pickathon 2008, Hardly Strictly Bluegrass 2009, and a private event in 2014. Dates are scheduled for 2020 at the John Hartford Memorial Festival and more.
The Bad Livers' music has often been cited for its influence on other groups, creating what The Austin Chronicle described as "an impressive legacy". The Stranger credited them with "revitalizing roots music", and, according to the San Francisco Chronicle, "The Bad Livers helped open the way for old-time and bluegrass bands of today".The Bad Livers' first album, Delusions of Banjer, was released in 1992 on Quarterstick Records and produced by Paul Leary of the Butthole Surfers. The album was praised for "Barnes's strong material, as well as the group's tight musical interaction." The band's second album, Horses in the Mines, was produced by Barnes and released on Quarterstick in 1994. In their review, McLeese admired them as "a band drawing from the wellspring of tradition to create something fresh, vital and original." Süddeutsche Zeitung found that the record "sounded quite authentic—almost as if it had long held a place in the Library of Congress." The Bad Livers spent 1995 and 1996 touring and working on side projects as well as looking for a new label to release their next album. In 1999, Rubin was, according to Andy Langer, the band's "bassist, co-manager, and goodwill ambassador".
The Bad Livers spent 1995 and 1996 touring and working on side projects as well as looking for a new label to release their next album. Finally the band signed a three-album deal with Sugar Hill Records, which had more experience than Quarterstick at "selling banjo records". Their first album for the label, Hogs on the Highway, was released along with the information that White had decided to leave the band. It was announced that they were to be replaced by Bob Grant, though Grant's tenure with the band did not last long. Both White and Grant appeared on Hogs on the Highway, which received enthusiastic reviews from Sing Out!, praising Barnes' "quirky and inventive" original songs, and the Old-Time Herald, admiring the "considerable skill" with which Barnes crafted their lyrics. The Austin American-Statesman agreed that Barnes was "an entirely underrated songwriter" as well as a "banjo wizard", while The Washington Post lauded their "timeless, deadpan voice". The Sydney Morning Herald was appreciative of the "beautifully controlled ambience" of the entire album.
Shortly after the album's release, Barnes moved from Austin to Port Hadlock, Washington, though they and Rubin continued to work closely together on the score for the Richard Linklater film The Newton Boys as well as the Bad Livers' next album. Although the soundtrack was admired by The Village Voice and Entertainment Weekly as well as the Austin papers, the film did not fare well at the box office, and the soundtrack album did not sell well. The Bad Livers' second album for Sugar Hill, Industry and Thrift, was released in September 1998 with only Barnes and Rubin credited as members of the band, though the album features various guest musicians, including members of Rubin's side project, Rubinchik's Orkestyr, who are featured on the track "A Yid Ist Geboren inz Oklahoma". The album garnered positive reviews, and the Chicago Tribune selected it as the best bluegrass album of 1998, while The Times of London admired its "genuine originality". Industry and Thrift did not receive as much attention from the press as Hogs on the Highway had, however, and as Barnes lamented, the album "fell off the face of the earth".
The Bad Livers' final album, Blood and Mood, was released in February 2000 and featured, as The Austin Chronicle noted with astonishment: "Electric punk rock, sample-based tunes with drum tracks, and a shocking scarcity of juiced-up banjo playing". The Independent named it "the leftfield album of the week" and found that it "brims with enthusiastic ideas", while The Washington Post was puzzled but invigorated by a live show supporting the album, concluding that it had been "Fascinating. Even refreshing". Although it left No Depression depressed, Daniel Wolff found the album to be uniquely evocative of a "rural eccentricity" that had not yet been extinguished and formed a kind of continuum with punk and old-time country: "Either the Bad Livers pick up where 'I Wish I Were a Mole in the Ground' left off, or Bascom Lunsford discovered the punk aesthetic in the 1920s."
The Bad Livers were inducted into the Austin Music Hall of Fame in 2007.
Klezmer and the Yiddish Culture Renaissance
Since 1996, Rubin has been a driving force in the "klezmer" music world as a bassist, tuba player, instructor and pedagogue. Their credits in the Jewish music world include long time collaborations with Frank London's Klezmer Brass All-Stars, The Other Europeans, and Andy Statman, as well as two decades on faculty at KlezKamp. They have been featured performer and instructor with multiple appearances at Toronto's Ashkenaz Festival, Yiddish Summer Weimar, KlezFest London, KlezMore Wein, Klezmer Festival Furth, Festival of Jewish Culture Krakow among others. Their Jew of Oklahoma show debuted as a special feature at Ashkenaz in 2016. For three summers in the mid 2000s they toured with the Serbian Romani Brass Band Boban Markovic Orchestra in the "Brotherhood of Brass" project.
American Folklife
In 1990, upon learning of the death of San Antonio-based legendary accordionist Santiago Jiménez Jr.'s bassist Juan Viesca, Rubin became their full time string bassist, mastering the old fashioned Hispanic "tololoche'" slap style. In 1991 they arranged a 3 record A&R deal for Jimenez Jr. on the Austin TX based Watermelon Records label. The first "Corason de Piedra" garnered a Grammy Nomination.
In 1992, Rubin began working with Eastern European immigrant musicians from in and around the Houston area from the Polish and Czech speaking communities. Rubin produced or appears on releases for Texas-Polish dance band fiddler Brian Marshall and their Texas Slavic Playboys and Texas-Czech Accordionist Mark Halata and Texavia, appearing with both groups on the National Council of Traditional Arts touring roster for over two decades.
Rubin as a bassist is featured at the annual Festival of Texas Fiddling, as its founder noted the festival was "based on their fieldwork."
Soundtracks for Motion Picture and Television
Rubin was tapped by Director Richard Linklater to provide period music to their film the "Newton Boys" in 1996 for 20th Century Fox. They were called upon again as Music Consultant by director Douglas McGrath for the film "Infamous" for Warner Independent. And they created the sound-alike Hank Williams tracks for the George Wallace documentary "Setting the Woods on Fire" for PBS. So convincing were their versions that the rights holder initially accused the production company of digitally manipulating the original recordings.
"Slap Bass" Technique
Along with former roommate Kevin Smith (current bassist with Willie Nelson,) Rubin released the seminal video on the "slap" bass technique for upright bass, essentially kick starting the revival of a once lost art of bass playing. Closely associated with roots music, Rockabilly and Americana, literally a generation of musicians cite their video "The Ungentle Art" as their introduction and lexicon to the style. Rubin has travelled internationally as a teacher and clinician since the mid-1990s to present day.
Post-Bad Livers career
In 2013, Rubin, along with Sean Orr, released the album "Texas Fiddle, Okie Guitar".
In 2015, Rubin released a solo album, "Southern Discomfort", which contains nine original songs and three covers.
In 2017 they release their first truly "solo" effort, "Songs for the Hangman's Daughter," recording 11 original compositions accompanied by either guitar, banjo or mandolin. Rubin explores themes centered around the duality of being a Jewish identified Southern Musician and tours solo across the US and Canada.
Rubin was featured along with three other principals in German documentary film "Der Zerbrochene Klang" ("The Broken Sound") about their participation in the Other Europeans Project; a collective of Jewish and Rroma musicians from 9 different countries.
As of April 2014, Rubin lives and works in New Orleans, Louisiana as a freelance musician, music writer and cultural critic.  They are currently penning their memoir.
Discography
Bad Livers, Lust for Life 45rpm (1991)
Bad Livers, Delusions of Banjer (Quarterstick/Touch and Go 1991)
Bad Livers, Lust for Life 12" EP UK only (Quarterstick/Touch and Go 1992)
Bad Livers, Horses in the Mines (Quarterstick/Touch and Go 1993)
Bad Livers, Dust in the Bible (Quarterstick/Touch and Go 1994)
Bad Livers, Hogs on the Highway (Sugar Hill Records, 1997)
Bad Livers, Industry and Thrift (Sugar Hill Records, 1998)
Bad Livers, Blood and Mood (Sugar Hill Records, 2000)
Santiago Jimenez Jr., Musica de Tiempos Pasados, Presente y Futuro, (Watermelon Records 1996)
Soundtrack to the "Newton Boys," (20th Century Fox, 1997)
Bad Livers, The Ridgetop Sessions, (LumpyDisc 1997)
Barnes, Hokkanen and Rubin, aka the Mad Cat Trio (LumpyDisc 1998)
Rubinchik's Orkestyr, Filpnotics Freilach (Rubinchik Recordings, 1999)
Mark Rubin and Friends, Hill Country Hannukah (Rubinchik Recordings, 2000)
Bing Bang Boys, (Rubinchik Recordings, 2002)
Brian Marshall and Texas Kapela, 2002
Mark Rubin and Sean Orr, Texas Fiddle, Okie Guitar (Rubinchik Recordings, 2013)
Mark Rubin, Jew of Oklahoma, Southern Discomfort (Independent, 2015)
Mark Rubin, Jew of Oklahoma, Songs For The Hangman's Daughter (Independent, 2017)
Mark Rubin, Jew of Oklahoma, The Triumph of Assimilation (Independent, 2021)
References
External links
Living people
People from Stillwater, Oklahoma
American double-bassists
Male double-bassists
American bluegrass musicians
Country musicians from Oklahoma
21st-century double-bassists
21st-century American male musicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
Slap bassists (double bass)
The Actinoceriatidae are a family of actinocerids named by Saemann in 1853 for those that grew to have large shells with blunt apices and large siphuncles with widely expanded segments and a generally arcuate endosiphucular canal system. Their range is from the upper Middle Ordovician to the Lower Silurian. Actinocerids are generally straight-shelled nautiloid cephalopods with a siphuncle composed of expanded segments, typically with thin connecting rings, in which the internal deposits are penetrated by a system of canals
Actinoceratids are derived from Wutinoceras, possibly through an early Armenoceras or through Nybyoceras and give rise to Lambeoceras and to the Huroniidae.
Seven genera are included in the Actinoceratidae, Actinoceras, Floweroceras, Kochoceras, Leurorthoceras, Paractinoceras, Saffordoceras, and Troostoceras. Actinoceras is the earliest but with a range that carries it into the Lower Silurian. Troostoceras followed by Saffordoceras are later Middle Ordovician genera related to early Actinoceras. Kochoceras followed by Floweroceras are Upper Ordovian genera related to later Actinoceras. Leurothoceras and Paractinoceras, both from the Upper Ordovician, are shown to have their source in Middle Ordovician actinoceratids.
Paractinoceras is probably the most distinct actinoceratid from Actinoceras. Paractinoceras has a long, straight, slender shell and a siphuncle that starts off like that in Actinoceras, but becomes narrow like that in Ormoceras in the anterior part of the phragmocone. Kochoceras has a large blunt shell that expands more rapidly than Actinoceras and is strongly flattened on the ventral side causing possible confusion with Lambeoceras to casual observation. Floweroceras is doubtfully distinct from Kochoceras.
Leurothoceras is synonymous with Actinoceras; Saffordoceras and Troostoceras are closely related.
References
Prehistoric nautiloid families
Ordovician cephalopods
Silurian cephalopods
Middle Ordovician first appearances
Silurian extinctions
Pachanottukal is a 1973 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by A. B. Raj and produced by K. P. Kottarakkara. The film stars Prem Nazir, Vijayasree, Adoor Bhasi and Jose Prakash. The film had musical score by M. K. Arjunan.
Cast
Prem Nazir as Paulose
Vijayasree as Leelamma
Adoor Bhasi as Thommi Aashaan
Jose Prakash as Mathews Muthalali
Prema as Lovelamma
Sankaradi
Paul Vengola as Lonappi
C. R. Lakshmi as Shoshamma
Kaduvakulam Antony as Puluvan Thoma
Khadeeja as Mariamma
Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair as Rappael
Leela as Lalitha
N. Govindankutty as Anthappan
Radhamani as Monimma
Rani Chandra as Rosey
Sadhana
Soundtrack
The music was composed by M. K. Arjunan with lyrics by Sreekumaran Thampi.
References
External links
1973 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Sana Mersni (born 1 December 1984) is a Tunisian politician who is a deputy in the Assembly of the Representatives of the People.
Early life and education
Mersni was born on 1 December 1984 in Jendouba. They studied literature before completing a master's degree in criminal science at Tunis El Manar University Law School.  They are writing a PhD thesis on the democratic transition in Tunisia.
Career
Mersni practiced as a lawyer but had no political experience before they joined the Ennahda Movement and was elected to the National Constituent Assembly in 2011 to represent the Jendouba constituency. They were involved in writing the 2014 Constitution. They were then elected to the Assembly of the People's Representatives in 2014.  They are a rapporteur of the General Legislation Commission.
In 2014, Mersni and Latifa Habachi proposed an amendment to the constitution to give the government power to nominate members of the judiciary. It was strongly opposed by Popular Front and Democratic Bloc opposition members and led to a call from the Tunisian Judges' Syndicate for strikes, but was accepted by 109 votes. In 2015, when the Tunisian parliament reinstated the death penalty for terrorist crimes, Mersni noted that it would not deter "terrorists seeking death in order to go to paradise."
External links
Marsad profile (in French)
References
Living people
1984 births
21st-century Tunisian women politicians
21st-century Tunisian politicians
Members of the Constituent Assembly of Tunisia
Members of the Assembly of the Representatives of the People
Ennahda politicians
People from Jendouba Governorate
The acacia pied barbet or pied barbet (Tricholaema leucomelas) is a species of bird in the family Lybiidae which is native to southern Africa.
Taxonomy
The acacia pied barbet was described by the French polymath Georges-Louis Leclerc, Comte de Buffon in 1780 in their Histoire Naturelle des Oiseaux from a specimen collected from the Cape of Good Hope region of South Africa. The bird was also illustrated in a hand-coloured plate engraved by François-Nicolas Martinet in the Planches Enluminées D'Histoire Naturelle which was produced under the supervision of Edme-Louis Daubenton to accompany Buffon's text. Neither the plate caption nor Buffon's description included a scientific name but in 1783 the Dutch naturalist Pieter Boddaert coined the binomial name Bucco leucomelas in their catalogue of the Planches Enluminées. The acacia pied barbet is now placed in the genus Tricholaema that was introduced by the French brothers Jules and Édouard Verreaux in 1855. The generic name combines the Ancient Greek thrix meaning hair and meaning "throat". The specific leucomelas combines the Ancient Greek leukos meaning "white" and melas meaning "black".
Three subspecies are recognised:
T. l. centralis (Roberts, 1932) – Angola to west Zimbabwe south to south Namibia and north South Africa
T. l. affinis (Shelley, 1880) – east Zimbabwe, southwest Mozambique and northeast South Africa
T. l. leucomelas (Boddaert, 1783) – south South Africa
Description
The acacia pied barbet has dark brown eyes and blackish legs and feet. It has a black-and-white striped head with a red front and forecrown and pale yellow superciliary stripe. It has a black bib under the chin, with a white breast and underparts in the drier land subspecies T. l. centralis. The breast and underparts are more dusky and streaky in the southerly nominate subspecies, and more yellowish in the easterly T. l. affinis. The sexes are similar in appearance. Juvenile birds lack the red mark on the forehead, and have the underpart plumage more streaky.
Distribution and habitat
It primarily inhabits semi-arid savanna, as well as grassland, fynbos, agricultural areas and urban gardens, which it did not inhabit formerly. With the introduction of alien vegetation, especially Racosperma species from Australia, to regions bordering its original range, this species has been able to expand its range to these otherwise unreachable areas.
It is found in Angola, Botswana, eastern Eswatini, western Lesotho, southern Mozambique, Namibia, South Africa, southern Zambia, and Zimbabwe.
Behaviour and ecology
The acacia pied barbet is a sedentary but fairly restless species that occurs in pairs or singly. Its flight is fast and direct. Like most other barbets, the acacia pied barbet drills holes into dead wood to create cavity nests, like a woodpecker. It lays two to four eggs from August to April, and both sexes incubate the eggs.
The acacia pied barbet has been observed taking fruit from various trees and shrubs, such as Ficus, Searsia and Phoenix reclinata, as well as Aloe nectar and insects.
References
External links
(Acacia) pied barbet - Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds
acacia pied barbet
Birds of Southern Africa
acacia pied barbet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
6 meters may refer to:
6-meter band, an amateur radio band
6 Metre, a type of sailboat
Bathyagonus is a genus of poachers (bottom-dwelling cold-water marine fish) native to the Pacific Ocean.
Species
There are currently four recognized species in this genus:
Bathyagonus alascanus (C. H. Gilbert, 1896) (Gray starsnout)
Bathyagonus infraspinatus (C. H. Gilbert, 1904) (Spinycheek starsnout)
Bathyagonus nigripinnis C. H. Gilbert, 1890 (Blackfin poacher)
Bathyagonus pentacanthus (C. H. Gilbert, 1890) (Bigeye poacher)
References
Agonidae
The Battle for L.A.: Footsoldiers, Vol. 1 is a 2004 documentary film by Darren Doane about battle rapping and hip hop culture in the Los Angeles area. It was produced by Doane, Shane C. Drake, and Dax Reynosa, and executive produced by Natalie Doane and Josh Karchmer.
Filming
The film consists of interviews and footage filmed in July 2003 at the Green Club in Venice, Da Poetry Lounge, Hollywood, and various streets in Los Angeles. Some of the featured artists include Reynosa's fellow Tunnel Rats members Propaganda, Raphi, Zane, Jamie, as well as IN-Q, Relentless, and Pariah. The film also includes footage of turntablists and freestyle b-boys. Doane, known for their music video direction, had intended the film as the first in a series of documentaries of battle rap across the United States. For this first film, Doane says that they "wanted to peel back the surface layer of what's going on" and emphasize the "raw spirit" of the Westcoast battle rap scene. They created the film after encountering difficulty finding a video about battle rap on the Internet.
Critical reception
Journalists noted the film's emphasis on street hip hop and raw battling, and praised its highlighting the diversity of the Los Angeles scene by including male and female, black, white, Hispanic, and Asian American artists. Jim Farber of New York Daily News noted the comradery among the artists even as they compete against one another, a contrast to the documentary Beef, which chronicles hateful rivalries between prominent hip-hop artists. The indie hip hop website Thug Life Army opined that the film was an excellent look at the Westcoast battle scene, with the shortcomings being some audio issues and the short length of the documentary. They rated the film 9 out of 10. The Orlando Weekly felt that the film as a standalone film "suffers from a self-important myopia" which was rescued by the intention that it be the first in a series. They found the vérité style and "breakneck edits" to be demanding on the viewer. However, they also felt that the energy of the rappers and their dramatic and engaging battles more than made up for the stylistic shortcomings, with Doane's chosen style also aiding in the tension of the scenes.
Credits
Darren Doane – Director, cinematography
Carlos Aguilar – Bookworm Brown
Johnson Barnes – Blu
Terrence Cedrics – DJ Jedi
Leon Anthony Clayborne – Brotha Dvooa
Ralph Henley – Big Shame/Raphi Henly, also music supervisor
Albert Olguin – Jurny Big
Ralph Perez – Relentless
Jason Petty – Propaganda
Zane Reynosa – Zane
Julio Cesar Rivas – Lil Cesar
Darren Doane – producer
Natalie Doane – executive producer
Shane C. Drake – producer, cinematography, film editing
Josh Karchmer – executive producer
Dax Reynosa – producer
Natalie Doane – cinematography
Justin Tyler – cinematography
Shawn Copley – sculptor
References
2004 documentary films
2004 films
American documentary films
Documentary films about hip hop music and musicians
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
Arthur Dunbar Whatman (13 February 1873 – 28 May 1965) was an English cricketer of the early twentieth century who played as a wicketkeeper for Suffolk County Cricket Club, a non-first-class team that is one of the minor counties of English cricket.
Personal life
They were born in Westcott, Surrey in 1873, the only son of George Dunbar and their wife Frances Fuller, daughter of George Arthur Fuller. They were educated at Windlesham House School, Brighton (1883-87), Eton College, and Trinity Hall, Cambridge where they matriculated in 1892.
Whatman served for a year as a civilian aide-de-camp to General Clements in the Second Boer War, from December 1899. Afterwards they were an underwriter at Lloyd's of London and saw additional service in World War I as a captain in both the Suffolk Regiment and The Buffs.
Whatman died in Bury St Edmunds, Suffolk in 1965.
Cricketer
Whatman's first-class experience came from representative team tours to New Zealand and the West Indies, in which they played twenty-six games, score 394 runs at a batting average of 14.07, taking 21 catches and executing nine stumpings. They had a prominent involvement in a dispute involving Bernard Bosanquet and a disagreement over an umpiring decision during a match against Canterbury during Lord Hawke's 1902-03 tour of New Zealand.
Family
Whatman married in 1909 Marjory Isabel Knox Child, the eldest daughter of Sir Coles Child, 1st Baronet.
References
Notes
Sources
People from Dorking
1873 births
1965 deaths
English cricketers
Suffolk cricketers
People educated at Eton College
People educated at Windlesham House School
Lord Hawke's XI cricketers
British Army personnel of World War I
Suffolk Regiment officers
Wicket-keepers
Gabriel Álvarez Saborio (born May 3, 1969) is a Costa Rican slalom canoer.
Career
Álavarez competed in the early 1990s. They finished 43rd in the K-1 event at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.
References
1969 births
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Costa Rican male canoeists
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Costa Rica
The Practice Statement [1966] 3 All ER 77 was a statement made in the House of Lords by Lord Gardiner LC on 26 July 1966 on behalf of themselves and the Lords of Appeal in Ordinary, that they would depart from precedent in the Lords in order to achieve justice.
Background
Until the year 1966, the House of Lords in the United Kingdom was bound to follow all of its previous decisions under the principle of stare decisis, even if this created "injustice" and "unduly restrict(s) the proper development of the law" (London Tramways Co. v London County Council [1898] AC 375). The Practice Statement 1966 is authority for the House of Lords to depart from their previous decisions. It does not affect the precedentail value of cases in lower courts; all other courts that recognise the Supreme Court (formerly the House of Lords) as the court of last resort are still bound by Supreme Court (and House of Lords) decisions. Before this, the only way a binding precedent could be avoided was to create new legislation on the matter.
A germane example is the case of Anderton v Ryan (1985) where the House of Lords interpreted the Criminal Attempts Act 1981 in such a way as to make the Act virtually ineffective. Only one year later in R v Shivpuri (1986) Lord Bridge (a member of the erroneous majority in Anderton) acknowledged the error and said "the Practice Statement is an effective abandonment of our pretension to infallibility. If a serious error embodied in a decision of this House has been distorted by the law, the sooner it is corrected the better".
By contrast, in Knuller v DPP, Lord Reid, who had previously given a strong dissenting judgment in Shaw v DPP, said while they still disagreed with the majority decision in that case, in the interests of certainty they would not overturn Shaw (even though the Practice Statement had given authority to do so).
Suggestions that a rigid adherence to stare decisis be dropped had been made prior to 1966, initially by Lord Wright in an article for the Cambridge Law Journal in 1943, and by Lord Gardiner and others in the 1963 book, Law Reform Now.
Content
This is the text of the Practice Statement:
— Lord Gardiner's statement in the House of Lords, 26 July 1966.
Reception
Louis Blom-Cooper described the change brought about by the Practice Statement as being as if the Lords "dropped a pebble into the judicial pool that produced not merely a few ripples but also a seismic wave in English juridicial thinking ... the story of that legally historic event displays the carapace of traditional English lawyers' disinclination readily to accept radical change and to the cautious application of such change, once it is ultimately conceded".
Following the passage of the Constitutional Reform Act 2005, the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom was established in 2009. It follows the precedent of its predecessor. In Austin v Mayor and Burgesses of the London Borough of Southwark Lord Hope, writing for the majority, comments on the Practice Statement's applicability to the new court:
Invocations in case law
Between 1966 and the replacement of the House of Lords by the Supreme Court in 2010, the Practice Statement was explicitly invoked in 21 cases, including:
Conway v Rimmer, overruling Duncan v Cammell Laird Co
Herrington v British Railways Board, overruling Robert Addie & Sons (Colliers) Ltd v Dumbreck
R v Shivpuri, overruling Anderton v Ryan
R v G, overruling R v Caldwell
Murphy v Brentwood DC, overruling Anns v Merton LBC
See also
Re Spectrum Plus Ltd
Young v Bristol Aeroplane Co Ltd—sets out when the Court of Appeal may depart from its own precedent
Notes
1966 in law
1966 in the United Kingdom
Statements (law)
House of Lords
1966 documents
1966 speeches
Terengganu Inscription Stone (; Jawi: باتو برسورت ترڠݢانو) is a granite stele carrying Classical Malay inscription in Jawi script that was found in Terengganu, Malaysia. The inscription, dated possibly to 702 AH (corresponds to 1303 CE), constituted the earliest evidence of Jawi writing in the Malay world of Southeast Asia, and was one of the oldest testimonies to the advent of Islam as a state religion in the region. It contains the proclamation issued by a ruler of Terengganu known as Seri Paduka Tuan, urging their subjects to extend and uphold Islam and providing 10 basic Sharia laws for their guidance.
The stone was found half-submerged by a bank of Tersat river in Kuala Berang, Hulu Terengganu, in 1887 CE after the floods had receded. A Terengganuan nobleman, Pengiran Anum Engku Abdul Kadir bin Engku Besar and their tin-prospector friend, Saiyed Husin Ghulam Al Bukhari came across the stone and brought it on a raft to Kuala Terengganu where it was presented to Sultan Zainal Abidin III, and placed atop of Bukit Puteri ('Princess hill').
In 2009, a meeting of the UNESCO's International Advisory Committee (IAC) held in Barbados, included the Inscribed Stone of Terengganu in a heritage list of Memory of the World Programme, making it the fourth heritage recognition accorded to Malaysia after the Hikayat Hang Tuah, Sejarah Melayu, and the correspondence of Sultan Abdul Hamid in 2001.
History
With the advent of Islam into Southeast Asia in the 10th or 11th century, a life based on the teachings of Quran and the Hadith became widespread and together with this, the use of the Arabic script. It was written by Yang di Pertuan Nagara Kedah Pasai Ma Maulana Kaifa Ali called Raja Mandalika in Islamic Siamese Language means our king well in sells. Over the time, the script was modified and adapted to suit the spoken Classical Malay language, and thus Jawi script was created. This development heralded a new age of literacy, when converts to the new faith gradually replaced the previous Indian-derived scripts with Jawi, in expressing their new belief.
As a testimony to the spread of Islam that originated from the Middle East, the artefact offers more than just a glimpse of the life of the people of the era. It also depicted the growing Islamic culture subsumed under a set of religious laws. A concomitant feature of this historic movement was the growth of maritime trade that centred around Kuala Berang, the place where the stone was discovered. The inscribed stone alludes to regional trade that flourished in the course of Islamisation, with its trading pattern and movement of peoples during that time.
While the Islamisation of Terengganu was pursued effectively with the rise of the new way of thinking, it did not completely put an end to the old way of life. The inscribed stone still contained a number of Sanskrit terms, a memorial to Southeast Asia's Hindu past.
Discovery
The inscribed stone was first discovered by villagers at a steep sloping riverbank of Tersat river, Kampung Buluh, Kuala Berang, Hulu Terengganu in 1887, and was later brought to a nearby surau, known as Surau Tok Rashid. From there, the stone was further moved to Surau Kampung Buluh. In 1902, a Terengganuan nobleman, Pengiran Anum Engku Abdul Kadir bin Engku Besar and their Tin-prospector friend, Syed Husin bin Ghulam Al-Bokhari, came to Kampung Buluh. While they were at Surau Kampung Buluh to perform the Zuhr prayer, they noticed a stone with inscriptions used as a pedestal by the villagers, to step onto before entering the main prayer hall. After the prayer, they requested Penghulu Ali and their villagers to carry the stone on a raft to be brought to the capital, Kuala Terengganu. When it reached Kuala Terengganu, the stone was presented to Sultan Zainal Abidin III who ordered it to be placed atop of Bukit Puteri ('princess hill'), near to the royal palace.
The stone remained on top of the hill for 20 years, until July 1922, when the Deputy British adviser of Terengganu, Major H.S Peterson asked a Japanese photographer, N. Suzuki, to take images of the inscription and send them to C.O Bledgen to be analyzed. In 1923, British adviser to Terengganu, J.L Humphreys acquired approval from the Government of Terengganu to lend the stone to Raffles Museum, Singapore. The stone remained in Singapore for 37 years until 1960, when it was relocated to the National Museum of Malaysia.
The State Government of Terengganu have been lobbying for the repatriation of the Inscribed Stone to its home state since 1979. On 12 February 1987, the Terengganu officially wrote to the administration of the National Museum, seeking permission to relocate the Inscribed Stone to their State Museum. Only in 1991, the Federal Cabinet granted approval to the request and the Inscribed Stone was returned to Terengganu. It is now displayed at the Terengganu State Museum.
Date of the inscription
The inscription is dated, however due to damage on the lower left edge of the stone, where the year of the inscription is mentioned in the 11th lines, the date is incomplete and can be variously read as ranging from 702 to 789 A.H. (1303 to 1387 CE). C.O. Blagden, who first deciphered the inscription, presented many possible dates that range from February – March 1303 CE to February 1387 CE. They doubted that the earlier date Rajab, 702 AH or 1303 CE would be correct, and concluded that on general grounds they were inclined to lean towards the latest possible date.
This dating was challenged by Syed Muhammad Naguib al-Attas, who argued that the earlier date is the correct one through an variety of logical, mathematical, linguistic, cultural, philosophical and mystical arguments, and by attempting to reconstruct the lost part of the inscription. In their speech published by the National Museum of Malaysia, Naguib stated that the correct date of the inscription is Friday, 4th of Rajab, 702 A.H., that corresponds to Friday, 22 February 1303 CE. Their assertion is based on the following explanation.
The year 702 AH began on 26 August 1303 CE. The day on which the Christian Julian calendar year began for that Islamic calendar year was a Monday (i.e. 1 January 1303 CE was a Monday, and 237 days had elapsed in the Christian year when the Islamic year began on the 1st of Muharram (i.e. 26 August 1302 CE). Rajab is the 7th month of the Islamic calendar, and since the year 702 AH began in August 1302 CE, it therefore occurred in the month of February 1303 CE, which Christian year began on a Tuesday. Bearing in mind that the Christian year began on a Tuesday, it is found that only the 4th day of Rajab, which was the 181st day of the Islamic year 702, agrees with our computation of the date. Moreover, the 4th of Rajab confirms our computation because it was a Friday of Rajab, as mentioned in the inscription.
Content
The stone is 89 cm in height, 53 cm in width at the top, and weighs 214.8 kg. All of its four facades have inscriptions written from right to left. The inscription is in Classical Malay written in the Jawi script, with dots for most of the Arabic-derived letters ( ب ، ت ، ج ، ش ، ق ، ن ، ي ) and native Jawi letters ( چ ، ݢ ، ڠ ، ڤ ), being not visible, except for the letters ( ڽ ، ض ، ف ).
Jawi spelling system
The spelling system of the Inscribed Stone of Terengganu has similarities with modern Jawi spelling system in a number of areas:
Use of the Letters tāʼ marbūṭah (ة) and tāʼ maftūḥah (ت) - For present-day spelling, Dewan Bahasa dan Pustaka has determined that the /t/ sound in Malay words should be denoted in Jawi script by tāʼ maftūḥah, whereas the /t/ sound in words particularly special nouns, borrowed from Arabic should be retained in its original form with tāʼ marbūṭah, except for common words that have been absorbed by and are regularly used in Malay such as rakyat (people) ( رعيت ), nikmat (grace) ( نعمت ), hikmat (wisdom) ( حکمت ) and berkat (blessing) ( برکت ). This system was established in the Inscribed Stone as per below table, where Arabic loanword which is a special noun, Jumaat (Friday) (جمعة) does not change.
Use of the Letter Qāf (ق) in final closed syllables - In the present-day Jawi spelling system, all glottal stops in final closed syllables of Malay words are spelt with qāf, while the consonant sound /k/ in the final closed syllable of English loanwords is spelled with kāf such as abstrak (abstract) ( ابسترک ), plastik (plastic) ( ڤلستيک ) and kek (cake) ( كيک ). For Arabic loan words, the spelling of the source language is maintained such as for isyak ( عشاء ), imsak (the time to stop suhoor slightly before Fajr) ( امساک ), rujuk (refer) ( روجوع ) and talak (divorce) ( طلاق ). Some of the glottal stops in final closed syllables represented by letter qāf in the Inscribed Stone, are shown in the following table.
Use of the Letter Nya (ڽ) - Based on the consonants found on the Terengganu Inscribed Stone, there were consonant sounds in Classical Malay that were not found in the Arabic alphabet. Letters of this type include ca (چ) in acara (event) ( احارا ), nga (ڠ) in dengan (with) ( دعں ), pa (ڤ) in pada (to) ( فدا ), ga (ݢ) in pinggang (waist) ( ڡعكع ), and nya (ڽ) in denda-nya (the penalty) ( داٮداڽ ). However, a special feature of the Terengganu Stone is the use of the letter nya. It is exquisitely written with three dots above it, making it the oldest known Jawi letter.
References
Bibliography
14th-century inscriptions
1887 archaeological discoveries
Archaeology of Malaysia
History of Terengganu
Islam in Malaysia
Malaysian literature
Steles
Islamic inscriptions
Malay inscriptions
Memory of the World Register
Absa Bank Ghana (officially Absa Bank Ghana Limited) (ABGL), formerly known as Barclays Bank of Ghana Limited, is a commercial bank in Ghana, licensed by the Bank of Ghana, the country's central bank and national banking regulator. ABGL is a subsidiary of Absa Group Limited, a financial services conglomerate, headquartered in South Africa, with subsidiaries in 12 African countries and with assets in excess of US$87 billion as of 30 June 2017. Absa Group's shares trade on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange under the symbol ABG.
Location
The headquarters of the bank are located at Absa House, J.E. Atta-Mills High Street, in the central business district of Accra, the capital of Ghana.
Overview
Absa Bank Ghana is a large financial services company, serving corporate clients, high networth individuals, retail customers and small and medium enterprises. As of 31 December 2020, the bank had assets of GHS:12.546 billion (US$2.075 billion), with shareholders' equity of GHS:1.948 billion (US$322.2 million).
History
According to the archives of Barclays Bank Ghana, Colonial Bank opened shop in what was then known as the Gold Coast in 1917. In 1925, Anglo-Egyptian Bank, Colonial Bank and National Bank of South Africa were merged to form Barclays Bank (Dominion, Colonial and Overseas). In 1975, the Government of Ghana acquired 40 percent shareholding in Barclays Bank of Ghana. That stake was returned in 2003. In 2013, the bank became a member of Barclays Africa Group, with Barclays Plc holding a controlling 62.3 percent majority ownership.
Name change
In 2016, Barclays Bank Plc, which owned 62.3 percent of Barclays Africa Group (BAG), the then majority shareholder of Barclays Bank of Ghana Limited, decided to divest its majority shareholding in BAG, worth £3.5 billion at that time. In 2017 Barclays reduced its shareholding in BAG to 14.9 percent.
Following that, in 2018 BAG re-branded to Absa Group Limited.
Under the terms of that re-brand, Absa had until June 2020 to change the names of its subsidiaries in 12 African countries.
In Ghana, the re-brand concluded on 10 February 2020, when both the bank's legal and business names became Absa Bank Ghana Limited.
Automated teller machines
As of May 2020 the bank had over 160 automated teller machines (ATMs). Of these, at least 110 are intelligent ATMS (iATMs), capable of accepting deposits, withdrawals without an ATM card and money transfers between customer accounts at Absa. Daily money withdrawal maximums have also been increased.
Governance
The bank is supervised by a board of directors, was chaired by Charles A. Cofie, and one of the non-executive directors. The managing director and CEO is Abena Osei-Poku.
Mrs Frances Adu –Mante was appointed as the board chair of Absa Bank Ghana in 2021. They assume office with the expertise as a banker, legal practitioner and business executive for over 42 years.
They occupy other positions such as the chair of the board of trustees of the University of Ghana Business School Endowment Fund. Also they serve as a member of the Governing Council of the Presbyterian University College of Ghana.
The former Ecobank employee is a consultant at ROFAM Consultancy Services, a Legal & Human Resource Management Consultancy.
See also
List of banks in Ghana
References
External links
Company Website
Companies of Ghana
Absa Group Limited
Banks established in 1917
1917 establishments in the British Empire
1917 establishments in Gold Coast (British colony)
Helcystogramma thesmiopa is a moth in the family Gelechiidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1922. It is found in Pará, Brazil.
The wingspan is about 12 mm. The forewings are violet grey with a transverse-oval blackish blotch, finely edged with white, resting on the middle of the dorsum and reaching three-fourths of the way across the wing, the anterior edge is prominent in the middle, and with the lower part of the blotch occupied (except for the margins) by a light grey irregular spot. There is a large black finely white-edged dot in disc at three-fifths and a fine slightly curved line of whitish irroration (sprinkles) from a wedge-shaped white mark on the costa at four-fifths to the dorsum before the tornus. There is a marginal series of white dots edged with blackish terminally around the posterior part of the costa and termen. The hindwings are rather dark grey.
References
Moths described in 1922
thesmiopa
Moths of South America
Cristiano David Camacho Rodrigues Abreu (born 21 May 1999) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Marítimo B as a left back
Football career
On 31 October 2018, Abreu made their professional debut with Marítimo in a 2018–19 Taça da Liga match against Feirense.
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
Portuguese footballers
Association football defenders
C.S. Marítimo players
Acosmium is a South America genus of flowering plants in the family Fabaceae. Three species are currently recognized. Most Acosmium species have been recently transferred to Leptolobium and one species to the South American Guianodendron while the genus Acosmium itself has been transferred from the tribe Sophoreae to the tribe Dalbergieae in a monophyletic clade informally known as the Pterocarpus clade.
References
External links
Grupo de Pesquisas Sistemática e Morfologia de Angiospermas de Roraima - Universidade Federal de Roraima, Boa Vista, Roraima, Brazil.
Dalbergieae
Fabaceae genera
Blitchton is an unincorporated community in Bryan County, Georgia, United States. It is part of Savannah–Hinesville–Statesboro Combined Statistical Area. Blitchton is located about 25 miles west of Savannah, Georgia, and 2 miles northeast of Interstate 16. It is centrally located where U.S. Route 280 ends at an intersection with U.S. Route 80, Georgia State Route 26, and Georgia State Route 30.
History
A post office called Blitchton was established in 1896, and remained in operation until 1955. In 1900, the community had 64 inhabitants.
Notes
Unincorporated communities in Effingham County, Georgia
Unincorporated communities in Georgia (U.S. state)
Jehanne d'Orliac (25 May 1883 – 26 August 1974) was a French writer, dramaturge and poet from Amboise.
Life
d'Orliac was born in Compiègne in 1883, with a father in the military and they moved around during their childhood settling in New Caledonia in 1894. Four years later the family returned to France. They discovered a love for history and began to write. When they were 22, their play François Villon was performed in Paris and well received. It was performed again by the Théâtre de l'Athénée in 1906. In 1907, their new play Joujou tragique and this attracted further interest.
In 1909, Guillaume Apollinaire paid tribute to their writing "Vous avez un talent bien net et non énervé dont je vous félicite en me déclarant votre admirateur." They were influenced by Étienne-François de Choiseul.
In 1934, they wrote a biography of the 15th century French Duchess Yolande d'Anjou which proved important as they used sources that were lost during the second World War.
In 1938, they lived in Touraine, where they gave lectures about Pierre de Ronsard, Louis-Claude de Saint-Martin, the monarchs of Sicily and the campaign of Joan of Arc.
They died on 26 August 1974 and their own works were granted to Conseil général d'Indre-et-Loire on 30 April 1976.
Selected works
François Villon, 1905
Joujou tragique, 1907
Lady Chatterly's Second Husband, 1935
References
1883 births
1974 deaths
French historical novelists
Chevaliers of the Légion d'honneur
French women poets
20th-century French dramatists and playwrights
20th-century French poets
20th-century French novelists
20th-century French women writers
Suzanne Pastor (born 16 November 1952, Chicago) is an artist of German-American descent based in Prague, Czech Republic.  They are known for their three-dimensional approach to photography, especially their glass book sculptures that explore text-image combinations, layering of memory, sequencing. Photographs of understated poetic surrealist nature have been hand-colored, ripped, layered, folded, nailed, or combined with fragments from 19th-century photographs, text fragments or other objects.
Early life
Born in Oak Park, Illinois shortly after their parents emigrated to the USA from post-war Germany, grew up in the Chicago area, played violin and flute; drawing, painting and photography from age 11. Parents were both chemists; two siblings, a younger brother and older sister.
Education
Northwestern University (1970–75): humanities study with psychology major; courses at Harvard and Cornell universities; work and study at Art Institute of Chicago, where they took their first course in photography under Kenneth Josephson.
George Eastman House (1978–81): in Rochester, NY, organized auction of contemporary photography, directed traveling exhibitions program and picture research.
Europe
University of Kassel (Hochschule für Bildende Kunst GHK Universität - Kassel), Germany (1981-1984): study under Floris Neususs, Klaus Honnef. Worked at renowned Rudolf Kicken Gallery, Cologne (1981-1985), organizing and preparing exhibitions and catalogues (Czech and European modernist photography), portfolio editions, translations, editing; travelled for research of Bauhaus, art fairs and sales to private collectors and museums.
Prague House of Photography (1990-1999): Pastor moved from Germany, where they lived for 10 years, to Prague to become co-founder and first curatorial director of Prague House of Photography (now GHMP), a non-profit independent gallery, where they organized exhibitions of Jaroslav Rossler, Jaromir Funke, Frantisek Drtikol, Vaclav Zykmund, August Sander, Eva Fuka, Barbara Crane, Jindrich Streit, Viktor Kolar, and others, introducing an international program to post-Velvet Revolution Czechoslovakia while promoting Czech contemporary photography there and abroad.
Pastor has conducted workshops (Photography in the Third Dimension) in the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Poland, Germany, the Netherlands. They have translated and written numerous texts and lectured on Bauhaus and photography, German modernist photography, feminist and Czech avant-garde photography, and is also a collector of Czech photography and photography books.
Works
Major series include Hand-colored still-lifes, Body still-lifes, Jugendstil Album, The Address Book, Glass Books, Fragments from the Sex Life of Jan S. and Valkyrie (hair), also photograms and short videos. Them idiosyncratic approach to photography has been influenced by their work with museums and galleries, specifically the use of materials related to the “packaging” and presentation of photography as a commodity, involving glass, mat-board, nails, frames, surgical tape, texts and finally, the museum wall as final resting place for the framed photograph as object.
Them use of the book form (see Glass books, Address book, Jugendstil album) reflects a persistent fascination/obsession with multiple layering - of imagery with texts from art history, psychology, poetry, memory - and with language itself, including digital gibberish derived from incompatible forms of computer fonts and symbols. Recent work includes photograms on outdated Hungarian Forte paper of the ubiquitous Central European dumpling/knedlik.
I possess at the very least - curiosity - a need to experiment with, to enhance the two dimensionality of the photographic print… Using sequential images, as ina book form, is an enormously powerful tool… Layering of time and space in three-dimensional assemblages provides additional freedom of form and material, most useful for the would-be sculptor…[S. Pastor, Prague, 2008]
Them conceptual approach may be compared to the concrete poetry or collage work of Jiri Kolar, the object assemblages/boxes of Joseph Cornell, new forms of pop culture stemming from the work of Andy Warhol, and post-modernism in their work incorporating historical imagery with object or text fragments from the modern, everyday world.
Videos
Lea in the Womb, Suzanne Pastor, 2007 (Prague)
Made in Finland, Maybe Baby Union, 2007
Fake Dance, Maybe Baby Union, 2014
Ceska televize/Czech Television, 2017
Exhibitions
Important exhibitions include Arles, Bonn (1981), Frankfurt, NYC (1984), Stuttgart (1985), Amsterdam (1988), Cheb, Brno, Klatovy, Enschede (1998), Israel, Prague, Sobotka, Frankfurt (1999), Prague (2001), New York City, Olomouc, Bruntal, Chicago Art, Art Frankfurt (2002), Jihlava (2004), Prague (2006, 2007, 2010), NYC/Seville, Spain/Beijing, China (2009-2010), Angers, France (2009), Nurnberg (2010), Weiden (2011), Prague (2013), Berlin (2013),
Arles (2014), Rome (2015), Prague, 2017, 2018
Collections
Them work is in the collections of the Museum Ludwig, Cologne; Berlinische Galerie; Brooklyn Museum of Art; Charles University, Prague; Metropolitan Museum of Art, NY; Myslbek Palace, Prague; Moravian Gallery in Brno; Musée Réattu, Arles; Eli Lemberger Museum of Photography, Israel; Museum of Contemporary Photography, Chicago; South African National Gallery, Cape Town; National Museum of Photography, Jindrichuv Hradec; Joan Flasch Special Collection, School of the Art Institute of Chicago; Bratislava FotoFest; Polaroid Corporation Europe, Yale University Art Gallery and numerous private collections.
They won first prize at Bratislava Fotofestival for Best Artist's Book 2000 in Central and Eastern Europe.
Biography
"Bauhaus fotografie," Rudolf Kicken and Suzanne Pastor, ed., with essay by Els Barents. 1982. Galerie Rudolf Kicken, Cologne
"Photography and the Bauhaus," Suzanne Pastor. The Archive, nr. 21. Center for Creative Photography, University of Arizona. Tucson. 1985
"Bauhaus und Fotografie," Karl Haenlein, Gerhard Gluher, Suzanne Pastor. Kestner-Gesellschaft. Hannover. 1986,
Suzanne Pastor, "Glass Books and Other Things, Odephil Editions Prague 1999,
Suzanne Pastor and Gunther Dietrich, "Czech Fundamental" (exhibition catalog: Berlin, Museo di Roma).
Suzanne Pastor, "Fotografie v treti dimenzi," Fotografika Galerie Fiducia. With essays by Nadia Rovderova and Dr. Michal Tosner. Ostrava. 2017
References
External links
Czech Television (2017)
Suzanne Pastor ´s website
Art in Box Gallery: Suzanne Pastor
Photo edition Berlin: Suzanne Pastor, Stillleben und Glasbuch - Plastiken
American photographers
American women photographers
German photographers
German women photographers
Photographers from Prague
1952 births
Living people
21st-century American women
Arrow in the Air is a 1957 British TV play based on the Cyprus Emergency, although Cyprus was fictionalised as "Solaro". It starred Nicholas Amer.
References
External links
Show details at Memorable TV
1957 television plays
British television plays
The Tennessee Bottle Bill is citizen-supported container-deposit recycling legislation, which if enacted will place a 5-cent deposit on beverage containers sold in Tennessee. The bill applies to containers made of aluminum/bimetal, glass or any plastic, containing soft drinks, beer/malt beverages, carbonated or non-carbonated waters, plain or flavored waters, energy drinks, juices, iced teas or iced coffees. Milk/dairy, nutritional drinks and wine and spirits are not included in the program.
The chief goals of the measure, recently rebranded TennCan, are to reduce litter, increase recycling, create green jobs, support sustainable manufacturing and generate funding, training and other benefits for social-service agencies, community causes and other nonprofit entities in Tennessee.
Proposed legislation
The proposed legislation has undergone numerous revisions since it was first introduced by two Republican legislators in 2003.
Need
RECYCLING: Tennessee consumes more than 5 billion beverage containers a year, according to the Container Recycling Institute, but recycles no more than 10 percent of them, according to the state's solid waste management agency. The proposed deposit-return legislation is projected to increase the recycling rate to approximately 80 percent, based on data in states with similar programs, while providing reliable quantities of high-quality recycled feedstock for manufacturers in Tennessee and the Southeast, especially those producing beverage cans, carpet, glass bottles and fiberglass.
LITTER: Tennessee spends an estimated $11 million a year on litter abatement. Its principal agency for litter collection is the "county litter grants" program within the department of transportation (TDOT). Since 1982, the program has used a "litter tax" on beverages to fund regular cleanups by work-release inmates from the county jails (the tax also funds Keep Tennessee Beautiful, the state affiliate of Keep America Beautiful.) From FY 2003–2004 to FY 2015–2016, litter grant collections averaged 23.5 million pounds a year, with a high of 28.7 million pounds in FY 2003-2004 and a low of 17.4 million pounds in FY 2005–2006. Removing those high and the low years, the average is just slightly higher, 23.7 million pounds, or an average 3.73 pounds per capita. These data do not include litter collections along interstate and federal highways performed by TDOT contractors, nor do they include cleanups performed by volunteers, Keep Tennessee Beautiful affiliates, neighborhood groups, the annual Great American Cleanup or other groups or events.
In order to put these numbers in context, the Tennessee Bottle Bill Project in 2006 sought to compare Tennessee's litter collections with those in Maine, which charges a 5-cent deposit on most beverages (15 cents on wine and spirits). Extrapolating from data provided by Maine's department of transportation (the only entity in the state that picks up litter on a regular basis), the Tennessee Bottle Bill Project determined that Maine's per-capita litter in 2006 was approximately one-quarter of a pound.
Moreover, according to informal assessments in 2006 by Maine DOT personnel, roughly 10-20 percent of Maine's litter consists of beverage containers. In contrast, the Tennessee Bottle Bill Project estimates that 50 percent or more of Tennessee's litter, by volume, is beverage containers. This estimate is based on estimates by numerous groups involved with litter cleanups in Tennessee, including county sheriffs, county litter-grant deputies, environmental organizations, watershed protection groups and others; as well as on the results of an informal source-separated survey conducted in November 2006 by the Tennessee Bottle Bill Project, using volunteers across the state, including several jail crews. That survey found that of 645.5 13-gallon garbage bags filled as full as possible, 325.5 contained bottles and cans only, or 50.42 percent.
How the proposed bill would work
Under the proposed legislation, the state's environmental agency will have ultimate responsibility for the program, with the department of revenue providing accounting functions as well as management of the "deposit beverage container fund." The fund is the account into which all initial deposits and other revenues are placed, and from which all program expenses are paid, including reimbursements and allowances. Any reserves in the fund, including unclaimed deposits, belong to the program, may not revert to the state's general fund and may be used only for purposes authorized by the legislation.
The 5-cent deposit is initiated by the beverage distributor and is collected by the department of revenue at the start of the cycle. The distributor recovers their deposit when they sell the product to a retailer; the retailer recovers their deposit when they sell the product to a customer; the customer recovers their deposit when they take the empty container to a certified redemption center; the redemption center owner recovers their deposit when they sell the cancelled container to a certified processor; and the certified processor recovers their deposit when they invoice the bottle bill program for reimbursement.
Certified redemption centers are the heart of the program. They are independent businesses (storefront, portable, mobile, reverse vending machine or satellite kiosks) that have been authorized by the program to accept qualifying containers from the public, determine the quantity, issue the refunds, sort the containers by material and/or color (not by brand or bottler), and sell the sorted (and in some cases compacted) containers to a certified processor. The certified processor (typically a scrapyard, materials recovery facility, curbside recycling provider or dedicated collection and recycling service) then bales, shreds or otherwise adds value to the sorted containers before selling them to manufacturers or other processors.
In addition to paying market prices for the containers, the certified processor pays the redemption center the refund value of 5 cents plus an "overhead allowance" equal to 1 cent (maximum) per container. The processor then invoices the bottle bill program for the sum of these two amounts, as well as "administrative allowance" of one-tenth of a cent per container to defray their costs for associated paperwork and record-keeping.
Some redemption centers may be authorized as "depots," expanded facilities where the public may drop off non-deposit glass (such as wine bottles and food jars) as well as other recyclables, for instance, electronics.
Redemption centers may be owned by any entity meeting certification requirements, including individuals, retailers and other businesses, local government entities, including county solid waste convenience centers and not-for-profit organizations. The current version of the legislation (introduced in 2018) requires that every redemption center either be owned or operated by a nonprofit entity such as an agency serving the homeless or the handicapped, or it must maintain an ongoing "beneficial relationship" with at least one such entity in the area, such as a school, library, animal shelter or Little League team. "Beneficial relationship" will be defined by the program but may include hosting bottle drives or donation bins for the nonprofit.
Potential issues
One aspect of beverage recycling laws that has come into question is illegal redemption from outside states. Michigan, which offers 10 cents for every can and bottle recycled, has faced issues of fraudulent returns from neighboring states. None of Tennessee's neighbor states currently has beverage deposit laws.
See also
Container-deposit legislation in the United States
Recycling in the United States
References
External links
Tennessee Bottle Bill Project
The Bottle Battle
Bottle Bill Resource Guide
Recycling in the United States
Proposed laws of the United States
Container deposit legislation
The Worship of the Serpent is an 1833 study, written by the clergyman John Bathurst Deane, of snake worship and specifically the snake mentioned in the Book of Genesis who convinced Eve to eat the fruit of the Tree of the Knowledge of Good and Evil, leading them to convince Adam to do the same.
Overview
A number of Gnostic texts, some only discovered recently such as those from the Nag Hammadi library, expound on an idea of knowledge and how the serpent gave knowledge to man. Deane draws a number of conclusions and makes certain guesses regarding snake worship, not just confined to Europe, but indeed all over the world. Deane goes on in their title to list a number of associations to the serpent such as the dragon and the leviathan. So thorough (albeit outdated) is their research, that they have "traced THE WORSHIP OF THE SERPENT from Babylonia, east and west, through Persia, Hindûstan, China, Mexico, Britain, Scandinavia, Italy, Illyricum, Thrace, Greece, Asia Minor, and Phœnicia." (Ch VIII)
See also
Ophites
Serpents in the Bible
Snake worship
Notes
External links
The Worship of the Serpent (full text online)
The sons of the Serpent Tribe
The Ophites, The Gnostics and Their Remains by Charles William King 1887
1833 non-fiction books
Books by John Bathurst Deane
English-language books
English non-fiction books
Mythology books
Religious studies books
South Lindsey Township is a township in Benton County, in the U.S. state of Missouri. Feaster Branch drains into the Lake of the Ozarks here.
South Lindsey Township takes its name from Judge John W. Lindsay, who sat on the County Court bench.
References
Townships in Missouri
Townships in Benton County, Missouri
is a Japanese singer who debuted in 1985. They had great success in the next ten years with around thirty singles, fifteen original albums and various compilations. Kohiruimaki is the most well known in the West for the song Ai yo kienaide, the first opening theme song from the anime series City Hunter in 1987, and for the ending theme song for the OVA Gall Force in 1986.
Discography
Albums
Call My Name (1985/11/21)
No Problem (1986/7/21)
I'm Here (1987/4/1)
Hearts On Parade (1988/1/21)
SO REAL (1988/11/11)
TIME THE MOTION (1989/11/11)
DISTANCE (1990/10/10)
silent (1991/9/25)
FRONTIER (1992/9/10)
KOHHY 1 (1994/5/25)
KOHHY 2 (1995/2/8)
Anniversary Nights (1997/12/15) (album indépendant, réservé au fan club)
This Is My Love Song (1998/2/5) (reprises)
Kaleidoscope (1997/5/20)
LOVE solution (2001/12/20) (album indépendant, réservé au fan club)
Tree Diagram (2011/7/20)
KOHHY 3 (2016/11/10)
KOHHY 4 (2018/12/10)
KOHHY 5 (2019/1/10)
Live albums
TIME THE MOTION LIVE (1990/7/25)
silent fiction tour 1991 (1992/1/25)
FRONTIER LIVE '92 (1993/2/25)
Compilation albums
The Best (1989/12/15)
KOHHY'S SINGLES (1991/7/25)
Dreamin' '89-'92 (1992/3/25)
Ballade Collection (1993/3/25)
Keep on dreamin' remix (1995/2/25)
Black Kohhy Best '85-'89 (1995/7/1)
White Kohhy Best '89-'95 (1995/7/21)
STAR BOX EXTRA (2001/12/5)
THE LEGEND (2003/1/1)
Golden Best (ゴールデン☆ベスト) (2005/1/26)
Kohiruimaki Kahoru - 20th Anniversary Selection (2005/6/29）
Singles
NEVER SAY GOOD-BYE (1985.10.21) (Ponytail wa Furimukanai theme song)
(1986.07.02) (OVA Gall Force ending theme)
(1986.12.21) (Theme Song from the Nippon TV Drama Kekkon Monogatari)
Hold On Me (1987.02.26)
(1987.05.10) (City Hunter opening theme song)
I'm Here (1987.05.21)
COME ON (1987.09.21)
On The Loose (1988.01.01)
(1988.05.21)
TONIGHT (1988.10.21)
TOGETHER (1988.11.21)
DREAMER (1989.09.25)
(Live Version)(1990.02.01)
Twilight Avenue (1990.05.10)
LIKE A FACTORY (1990.11.10)
MOVING ACTION / CRAZY LOVER (1991.01.01)
TIMES GO BY (1991.03.25)
SMILE FOR ME (1992.04.25)
(1992.08.25)
(1992.10.25)
(1994.01.25)
SUMMER FACTOR (1994.04.01)
HELLO AGAIN (1994.05.10)
Step by Step (1994.11.22)
Ride On (1994.11.30) (Tokumitsu no TV Columbus ending theme)
Super Hero (1994.12.07)
Justify My Love (1995.01.01)
Respect (1995.07.21)
(1996.05.27)
Oh My Friend (1996.09.02)
Just as... I don't wanna fall in love again (1997.04.23)
What A Wonderful World (1998.01.21)
DANCING QUEEN (2000.08.30)
Blue Sky (2004.08.25)
(2014.07.01)
Videos
Heart no Ballade in Budokan (ハートのパレード in 武道館)
Heart no Ballade in Budokan 2 (ハートのパレード in 武道館 2)
TIME THE MOTION LIVE
silent fiction tour 1991
KOHHY'S SINGLES VIDEO
DREAMER
References
External links
Kohhy Official Site
Kahoru Kohiruimaki at disvogs.com
Living people
1967 births
Japanese women pop singers
Paisley Park Records artists
20th-century Japanese women singers
21st-century Japanese women singers
John "Abs" Denham is a fictional character from the BBC medical drama Casualty, played by actor James Redmond. They first appeared in the series eighteen episode "Flash in the Pan", broadcast on 4 October 2003. Abs was introduced at a time producer Mervyn Watson had revamped the show's cast. Redmond was offered the role of Abs which they were happy to accept because they were "fascinated" with the psychology of the character. Abs is characterised as being a "charming but eccentric loner".  They are also portrayed as very "gullible", which writers took advantage of during their first relationship stories. They paired them with paramedic Nina Farr (Rebekah Gibbs), but soon added their scheming step-sister Ellen Zitek (Georgina Bouzova) into the story. Ellen realises that Abs is gullible and concocts lies to convince them to marry them so that they can obtain a visa to remain in the UK. They risked prison when they realised the marriage was a sham and ended it.
Producers later explored the character's backstory which included a prison sentence for causing a car accident while joy-riding. The accident left their brother Danny paralysed and alcohol-dependent which would lead to their death. They also introduced their childhood friend Stacey Merrick (Andrew Newton-Lee) who is an alcoholic. Writers used the story to make the character more ambitious as they try to open an alcohol support clinic. In 2008, Redmond decided to leave Casualty. In the build up to their departure their producers killed off Stacey which caused Abs' life to "spiral out of control". They left during the episode titled "There and Back Again", which was broadcast on 18 October 2008. Redmond returned for one episode in 2016 to celebrate the show's thirtieth anniversary. The character has also been featured in two special episodes set in Cambodia.
Casting
In April 2003, it was announced that Redmond had joined the cast of Casualty. Abs was billed as a new nurse who would both charm and aggravate colleagues with their "laid-back attitude." Redmond was happy to be offered the role because Casualty was filmed in their home town of Bristol. The actor said they were excited to join the show and revealed their first scenes would air in October 2003. Redmond believed that the character was very different to any role they had played before. They found this a main factor in being attracted to the role, they were also "fascinated" with the psychology of Abs. The actor had previously worked alongside head of BBC drama Mal Young and they believed this helped them secure the role. A reporter from the Bristol Post said that Casualty producers had wanted to include more actors with West Country accents, such as Redmond, to make the show appear more authentic. They were also introduced at a time producer Mervyn Watson had largely revamped the show's characters.
Development
Characterisation
Abs is characterised as a "charming but eccentric loner" and a "sensitive soul" On the show's official website, Abs is described as being "driven and passionate" towards their career and does not "suffer fools gladly".  They are ready to shout at anyone being negative to them and they do not "sugar coat" the truth. The emergency department know they cannot cope without Abs' skills because they are the only nurse available with their skill set. They have also been called "principled, gullible, sensitive, jokey, empathetic" and someone "who goes their own way and loves probing people and solving their problems." Their "kind and gullible" nature have made them an easy target to con.
The character was employed at the hospital as a F grade Mental Health Nurse. Abs was billed as an "oddball nurse". Their role within the wards was welcomed by Redmond who had experiences with psychologists and psychiatrists when growing up. They believed Abs was a "fantastic" role to take on because it helped to raise awareness of mental health issues and make it less taboo. A Casualty publicist told Nicola Methven from the Daily Mirror that "Abs doesn't suffer fools gladly, but they are fixated by idiots and lunatics. Their character is an interesting blend of vivacity, charm and genius."
Marriage to Ellen Zitek
The show began developing a relationship between Abs and paramedic Nina Farr (Rebekah Gibbs). Them sister Ellen Zitek (Georgina Bouzova) was introduced into the series and comes between the two characters. Ellen, who is from Ukraine, asks Abs to marry them so they can stay in the UK after their visa runs out. Discussing the development, Gibbs told Lucy Lawrence from the Daily Mirror that the storyline would create "amazing" scenes between Abs, Nina and Ellen. Ellen manages to convince Abs to marry them by concocting a story about their father abusing them Bouzova told a reporter from Inside Soap that their character thought Abs "was a bit of a hunk" when they first met. As the pair got to know each other, Ellen realised they could target him. Bouzova explained that "she realised he's a walkover, so they take them for a ride. The fact that he's their stepsister, Nina Farr's boyfriend is even better." They added that Ellen always wants what Nina has and decides to steal Abs.
Ellen later reveals that they have debts and loan sharks are after them Abs is faced with the task of helping them gather the money together. But they face a dilemma when they consider stealing from a patient and Nina is forced to stop him. Abs is shocked when they discover that Ellen has lied about their father abusing them They realise that they tricked them into marrying them just for a visa. Ellen tries to convince Abs that they have genuinely fallen in love with them and wants their marriage to work. Abs refuses to listen believing the marriage to be a sham and throws them out into the street. In episodes airing in February 2005, Abs decides that they want to end the marriage officially. They threaten to report Ellen to immigration even though they know it will probably see them end up in prison. A reporter from Inside Soap revealed that not even Nina declaring their love for Abs changes their mind. Abs threats cause a stressed Ellen to make a mistake at work which harms a patient. Despite this, they refuse to rethink their decision.
Cambodia episodes
The show planned two special episodes set in Cambodia to commemorate Casualty's twentieth anniversary. Redmond was one of five cast members who travelled to the country to film the episodes. In the storyline the team go to help Lisa Duffin (Cathy Shipton) on a medical mission. The cast filmed on various locations around the country. Martina Laird (who plays Comfort Jones) told Steve Hendry from the Sunday Mail that they had to work in "extreme conditions" where facilities were rather sparse. They also had to contend with high temperatures. It was also the rainy season and on one occasion they had to be evacuated after their location became a flood risk. The crew needed to cram in as much filming during daylight hours as possible. This meant 4.30 AM starts, first attending hair and make up and then going to the location shoots with long days on set.
Brother's death
In 2008, producers decided to explore Abs' backstory which revealed they had not always been the kind and caring character they had portrayed them as. The story begins when Abs learns that their brother Danny has died. They later attends their funeral where it is revealed that Abs used to be a teenage tearaway. Danny died from complications caused by alcohol abuse. Their alcohol abuse stemmed from the fact they were left paralysed after a car crash caused by Abs while joy-riding. Abs was convicted for their crime and sent to prison. This led to their family abandoning them and when they were released they tried to change their lives. Redmond told Sarah Ellis from Inside Soap that "Abs and Danny were very close in their teens." The accident caused them to become estranged. They explained that "Abs never apologised for causing their brother's injuries, Danny was always the good kid, while Abs got themselves into trouble." They added that Abs was to blame and that the accident brought on Danny's drink problem which eventually led to their death. Their parents blame Abs for their son's death and refuse to have any contact.
Producers then introduced Abs' childhood best friend Stacey Merrick (Andrew Newton-Lee). Abs and Stacey both followed the same lifestyle as teenagers, but Abs is shocked to realise Stacey has not changed. Redmond revealed that "Stacey's very funny, the life and soul of the party." They then learns Stacey is an alcoholic which unsettles Abs because "he doesn't expect their mate to still be acting like that so many years on. They realise the booze is a huge problem." Stacey gets so drunk that Abs has to take them to hospital.
Producers used the story to take Abs in a more ambitious direction as they aspire to open an alcohol support clinic. Redmond explained that Abs knows the effect alcohol-related admissions has on the NHS and they want to change that. They want to sort the problem and "just feels that they should act." In addition, Abs knows that the clinic could help Stacey and serve as an honour to Danny's memory.
Departure and return
Redmond considered leaving Casualty in 2007, but their friends convinced them to stay longer because audition opportunities for other roles had dwindled. The actor decided to sign an additional one-year contract with the show. On 22 July 2008, Redmond announced their decision to leave the show. It was revealed that their character would make their final appearance during the seventh episode of twenty-third series titled, "There and Back Again" (which aired on 18 October 2008.) An Inside Soap reporter revealed that Abs "spirals out of control" in the build up to their departure. Producers killed off their best friend Stacey and they try to avoid going to their funeral. They manage to conjure up the courage to attend where Stacey's girlfriend Ellie Bridges (Sarah-Jane Potts) is grateful for their support. Ellie convinces Abs continue to proceed with the alcohol support clinic. They discover that the hospital have withdrawn its funding and they cause trouble on the ward.  They are then arrested for being drunk and disorderly.
Abs' final episode saw them spending the night in a police cell with cuts and bruises. They then returns to work for their final shift and is forced to treat an escaped prisoner. Their colleagues organise a surprise leaving party for him. They later leaves the show alongside their friend Ellie. Reflecting on their time on Casualty Redmond stated "Casualty was great because I really had to stretch myself as an actor. There was no comedy in my part - it was all drama, lots of shouting and medical stuff."
In 2016, Redmond agreed to return to the show in a guest appearance. Abs' returned alongside various former characters to celebrate Casualty's thirtieth anniversary episode titled "Too Old for This Shift", which was broadcast on 27 August 2016.
Reception
Dawn Collinson from the Liverpool Echo branded Redmond a "Casualty heart-throb". The story involving Abs, Nina and Ellen was not well received by the Daily Mirror's Polly Hudson. They moaned "Casualty The Abs/Ellen/Nina triangle is ludicrous - and now dull, too." Tom Adair of The Scotsman branded opined that Abs marrying Ellen so they could obtain a visa was "limp" story telling. Jim Shelley from Daily Mirror branded Abs a "bizarre character" who "insists on dressing the like a scarecrow" who needed to wash their hair. They also described them as "handsome and ostensibly one of the more intelligent nurses in the series - which, admittedly, is not saying much." They then compared them to Benny Hawkins, a character the British soap opera Crossroads, but with the added "power of sectioning people." A writer from the Wexford People their episode in which Abs attempts to end their sham marriage with Ellen in their "one to watch" feature.
References
External links
Character profile at BBC Online
Casualty (TV series) characters
Television characters introduced in 2003
Fictional nurses
Male characters in television
Petauke District is a district of Zambia, located in Eastern Province. The capital lies at Petauke. As of the 2000 Zambian Census, the district had a population of 235,879 people. It consists of two constituencies, namely Petauke Central and Kaumbwe.
References
Districts of Eastern Province, Zambia
Tirukodikaval Krishna Iyer was a Carnatic violinist in the latter half of the 19th century.
Early years
Krishna Iyer had their training first from their father Kuppuswamy Iyer, and later under Kottavasal Venkatarama Iyer, a composer of Tana Varnams. Krishna Iyer inherited their musical talents from their father Kuppuswamy Bhagavatar, a Harikatha performer. They did not have a good voice and so they were persuaded to take up violin playing. He, along with Veena Dhanammal and nagaswaram vidwan Tirupamburam Nataraja Sundaram Pillai, also studied under Sathanoor Panju Iyer of the sishya parampara of Muthuswami Dikshitar.
Musical experiences
Their violin recitals were marked with masterly touches, full of masculine grandeur. A prodigy, they could play complicated pieces on a single string. Known for their hard work, they were responsible for ushering in many new techniques to the art of violin playing. They could produce ascending and descending glides (Jarus) with remarkable effect. Theirs was a musician among peers that included Maha Vaidyanatha Iyer, Patnam Subramania Iyer and Sarabha Sastri. Their stature and musicianship were such that they could dominate the performance while being an accompanist. They had an awe inspiring and intimidating stature among the musicians of their day.
 They are said to have developed a bowing style and fingering technique suitable for Carnatic music. Despite being a successful concert musician and a sought accompanist, it is said that they would practice (Saadhakam) for four hours every morning. The routine is said to have included the "sarali varisais", beginning with fast bowing and ending with very slow bowing. This ensured control over the bow specifically and mastery over the instrument generally. Four Varnams viz., Kalyani & Bhairavi Ata Thaala Varnams and Saveri & Begada Adhi Thaala Varnams were also part of this rigorous practice schedule.
Government service
Krishna Iyer was also functioning as the village administrative officer (then known as Pattamaniar) of Tirukodikaval. Citing their musical career as coming in their way of discharging their official routines, the then revenue authorities removed them from that post. Krishna Iyer's appeals to the then Board of Revenue to reconsider the orders was not obliged by the Government. Krishna Iyer even produced evidence that the Government was fully aware of their musical profession and that they were requested to perform their violin recital before Their Excellency the then Governor of Madras during their camp at Vallam in Tanjore District. Subsequently one of their sons, T K Srinivasa Iyer, was appointed as the village administrative officer.
Trivia
A concert was held during a wedding ceremony. Konerirajapuram Vaidyanatha Ayyar was the singer and Krishna Iyer accompanied them on the violin. Kumbakonam Azhaganambi played mridangam while Pudukottai Dakshinamurthy Pillai played Ganjira and Umaiyalpuram Sundaram played the Ghatam. Ariyakudi Ramanuja Iyengar, who was a young boy then, was present with their father. They were asked to perform after the main event. The boy was shy and sat in a corner of the stage. Krishna Iyer looked at the boy and said "Come forward". That was like a blessing for the boy and Krishna Iyer's words became true as Ariyakudi Ramanuja Iyengar became a famous Carnatic musician later.
Disciples
Nadaswaram genius T N Rajarathnam Pillai learned vocal music from him. Thiruvalangadu Sundaresa Iyer was one of their desciples. Semmangudi Narayanaswamy Iyer, Thirukodikaval Ramaswamy Iyer were their disciples. Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer is their nephew. Valadi Krishnaiyer took training from him.
References
1857 births
1913 deaths
Carnatic violinists
People from Thanjavur district
20th-century Indian musicians
Gustavo Corção Braga (17 December 1896 – 6 July 1978) was a Brazilian Roman Catholic writer.
Career overview
Corção was educated at the Polytechnic School of UFRJ, but left the institution in 1920 without obtaining their degree in engineering, specializing later in electronics. They were an active member of the Brazilian Communist Party (PCB) at this time. After meeting Alceu Amoroso Lima, however, they kept themselves at a distance from communist groups and remained close to Catholic circles until their conversion, in 1939. Corção studied Thomism and theology with Benedictine monks and played an important role at Dom Vital Centre in Rio, founded by Jackson de Figueiredo. They participated in the "Catholic revival" movement in Brazil, which converted many intellectuals previously attracted to Positivism. The writings of G. K. Chesterton had a strong effect on Corção. In 1946 they published an essay on Chesterton's ideas and even translated one of their books, The Barbarism of Berlin. They were also strongly influenced by the work of the French Catholic writer Jacques Maritain, while still close to the Action Française. Their only novel, , was awarded by Unesco and later translated into many languages. Corção worked for decades as a journalist, collaborating to several prestigious newspapers, such as Tribuna da Imprensa, Diário de Notícias, Estado de S. Paulo and O Globo. In O Século do Nada (The Century of Nothing), they passionately defended the Francoist Spain and José Antonio Primo de Rivera. According to him, the Second Vatican Council was a "terminal sin". In August 1969, they founded Permanência, a split from Dom Vital Centre. The name of the magazine came from the French Permanences created by Jean Ousset, the founder of the Catholic City.
Influence
Corção's influence among traditionalist Catholics persists to this day. In France, for instance, the Abbey of Sainte-Madeleine du Barroux has published two of their books, La Découverte de l'Autre and Le Siècle de l'Enfer. French historian Olivier Companion also notes the publication of some of Corção's work in Jean Madiran's newspaper, Routes.
Their work has been highly regarded by Antonio Olinto, Ariano Suassuna, Gilberto Freyre, Nelson Rodrigues and Manuel Bandeira.
Trivia
A street in Rio de Janeiro bears their name (Rua Gustavo Corção).
Notes
Works
[trans. into Spanish, Desclée: De Brouwer, 1950].
.
.
[trans. into Spanish, Plantin, 1954].
.
[trans. into Italian, Torino: SEI, 1960].
.
[trans. into Spanish, Buenos Aires: Oikos, 1982].
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
References
.
.
.
Further reading
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
External links
Works online
.
.
Other
.
.
.
.
.
Brazilian Roman Catholics
Brazilian traditionalist Catholics
Brazilian male writers
Converts to Roman Catholicism
Converts to Roman Catholicism from atheism or agnosticism
Conservatism in Brazil
Far-right politics in Brazil
1896 births
1978 deaths
Wanchai Tabwises (; , born February 11, 1986) is a member of the Thailand men's national volleyball team.
Career
Wanchai became Most Valuable Player in the 2012–13 Thailand League season.
Club
Nakhon Ratchasima (2005–present)
Awards
Individual
2012–13 Thailand League "Best Spiker"
2012–13 Thailand League "Most Valuable Player"
2014–15 Thailand League "Most Valuable Player"
2014–15 Thailand League "Best Outside Spiker"
2014–15 Thailand League "Most Valuable Player"
2014–15 Thailand League "Best Outside Hitters"
2017 Thai-Denmark Super League "Most Valuable Player"
2017–18 Thailand League "Best Outside Spiker"
Club
2007–08 Thailand League - Champion, with Nakhon Ratchasima
2010–11 Thailand League - Runner-Up, with Nakhon Ratchasima
2012–13 Thailand League - Champion, with Nakhon Ratchasima
2013–14 Thailand League - Champion, with Nakhon Ratchasima
2014–15 Thailand League - Champion, with Nakhon Ratchasima
2014 Thai–Denmark Super League - Runner-Up, with Nakhon Ratchasima
2016 Thai–Denmark Super League - Champion, with Nakhon Ratchasima
2016–17 Thailand League - Runner-up, with Nakhon Ratchasima
2017 Thai–Denmark Super League - Champion, with Nakhon Ratchasima
2017–18 Thailand League - Champion, with Nakhon Ratchasima
2018 Thai–Denmark Super League - Third, with Nakhon Ratchasima
2019 Thai–Denmark Super League - Champion, with Nakhon Ratchasima
References
1986 births
Living people
Wanchai Tabwises
Wanchai Tabwises
Volleyball players at the 2006 Asian Games
Volleyball players at the 2010 Asian Games
Wanchai Tabwises
Wanchai Tabwises
Wanchai Tabwises
Southeast Asian Games medalists in volleyball
Competitors at the 2007 Southeast Asian Games
Competitors at the 2009 Southeast Asian Games
Competitors at the 2011 Southeast Asian Games
Competitors at the 2013 Southeast Asian Games
Wanchai Tabwises
The Munising Rear Range Light works with the Munising Front Range Light to project a line of light out into Lake Superior in order to guide boats from the open lake into the safe harbor at Munising, Michigan. This harbor is a natural bay (thus providing protection from easterly or westerly storms) and sheltered on the north by Grand Island. Grand Island however provides a serious navigation hazard, and as boats navigate in the East Channel, there are several dangerous rock ledges that will sink the unwary captain. This pair of range lights replaced the ineffective Grand Island East Channel Light in 1905. The history of these lighthouses is documented by Terry Pepper and is not reproduced here.
The light is located on the hill south of the village of Munising. It is only a steel tower, but located up on the hill, it is above the lake level. It contains an incandescent electric light inside a red shield.
References
External links
Lighthouses completed in 1905
Lighthouses in Alger County, Michigan
1905 establishments in Michigan
Pic du Frêne (2,807 m) is a mountain in the Belledonne Massif in Savoie, France.
Mountains of Savoie
Mountains of the Alps
Freestyle skiing at the 2016 Winter Youth Olympics was held at the Hafjell Freepark and Oslo Vinterpark from 14 to 19 February. Besides 6 freestyle skiing events, 1 mixed event was held together with snowboarders.
Medal summary
Medal table
Boys' Events
Girls' Events
Qualification system
All quotas were distributed using the results of the 2015 World Junior Championships. Each nation was allowed to enter one athlete per event. The total quota was 80 athletes (32 in ski cross, 24 in slopestyle and 24 in halfpipe).
Summary
References
External links
Results Book – Freestyle skiing
2016 in freestyle skiing
2016 Winter Youth Olympics events
2016
Jenckes is a surname. People with that name include:
Joseph Jenckes (disambiguation), three prominent early New England colonists
Marcien Jenckes, the Chief Executive Officer for Voxant, Inc, a new media company in Reston, Virginia
Thomas Jenckes (1818–1875), United States Congressional representative for the State of Rhode Island
Virginia E. Jenckes (1877–1975), U.S. Representative from Indiana
See also
E. N. Jenckes Store, historic store on Main Street in Douglas, Massachusetts
Jenckes House (Old Louisquisset Pike, Lincoln, Rhode Island), historic house
Jenckes Mansion, historic house at 837 Social Street, Woonsocket, Rhode Island
Whipple-Jenckes House (Liberty Jenckes House), historic American Colonial house at 2500 Diamond Hill Road, Cumberland, Rhode Island
Jencks (disambiguation)
The Căpitan Romano Mihail-class was a group of three armored motor launches of the Romanian Navy which served during the First World War and the Second World War.
Construction and specifications
The three boats were originally part of a larger class of eight vessels. The entire class was built at the Thames Iron Works in the United Kingdom between 1906 and 1907. Each boat measured 30 meters in length, with a beam of 4 meters and a draught of 0.8 meters. Normal displacement amounted to 45 tons, growing to 51 tons for a full load. Power plant consisted of two compound engines powering two shafts, generating 550 hp which resulted in a top speed of 18 knots. Each vessel could carry up to 7.6 tons of fuel. With a full complement of 20, each of the boats was armed with one 47 mm Skoda gun, one 6.5 mm Maxim machine gun and two spar torpedoes, as well as torpedo dropping gear amidships. The sides and deck were protected by bulletproof armor.
The thickness of their armor is not known, however it is known that during World War II the Germans used 20 mm-thick plates of armor to proof their landing craft against British 0.303 inches (~8 mm) caliber machine gun rounds, meaning that the armor of the Romanian vessels must have been around the same thickness.
Career
Initially, the eight vessels were classed as river torpedo boats, and served as such during the First World War. One boat was mined and sunk at the end of 1916. Ultimately, only three boats survived the Second World War. During their service, they showed considerable seaworthiness, as shown by their inclusion in the Soviet Black Sea Fleet in August 1944, instead of the Danube Flotilla (they would be returned to Romania in September 1945). This seaworthiness was also exploited by the Romanians, who fitted each of the three boats with one 300 mm depth charge thrower after the start of the Second World War. The names of the three boats were Căpitan Romano Mihail, Locotenent Călinescu Dimitrie and Maior Șonțu Ghoerghe. Of the initial class of eight vessels, these three were numbers 1, 3 and 4. Their 6.5 mm machine guns were also replaced by 20 mm autocannons.
References
World War I naval ships of Romania
World War II naval ships of Romania
Ships built in London
World War II naval ships of the Soviet Union
Gunboats of the Romanian Naval Forces
The Hidden Valley Rockshelter (44-BA-31) is a significant archaeological site located near the community of Warm Springs in Bath County, Virginia, United States. A large rockshelter located near the Jackson River, it has been occupied by humans for thousands of years, and it has been named a historic site.
Geography
Hidden Valley is a tall formation with a nearly vertical rear wall; trees grow below the roof at the shelter's edge. The stone is Oriskany sandstone, located in an outcrop near the western side of the Jackson River, but it is generally safe from flooding due to its location approximately higher than the river's normal surface. Measuring approximately from end to end, and from the drip line to the base of the rear wall, the shelter is irregular in its shape; vertical striations and deep holes are found on the rear wall.
Human presence
Hidden Valley is known to have been occupied for the last several thousand years. The site's good stratigraphy has enabled archaeologists to demonstrate its occupation since the Late Archaic, three millennia before Christ, while Late Woodland cultural materials are also present. It remained in use into the historic period, as evidence of interactions between Indians and whites is likewise present. However, the site's significance depends on the wide variety of cultural materials dating between these extremes: simple artifacts such as common projectile points and potsherds are found at all locations in the midden, and the continuity of the deposits demonstrates gradual transitions in ceramic and lithic technology from generation to generation of the shelter's occupants. Moreover, the shelter is significant for more than just its pottery and stone tools: both faunal and floral materials are exceptionally well preserved at Hidden Valley, thus enabling scholars to trace the site's environment over the last several thousand years. Human remains have also been found at the site: one human burial, an infant less than a year old, was found with a pair of canine skulls, and the bones of another dog were found mixed with those of an adolescent human. The appearance of canine skeletons may be an indication of the shelter's ritual significance, as ritual burials of dogs are known from numerous Archaic sites; one such site, the Carlston Annis Shell Mound in western Kentucky, produced the remains of nearly thirty intentionally buried dogs. Scholar Cheryl Claassen argues that dog-burial sites were considered places of renewal, a belief that persisted into the historic Cherokee.
Preservation
In mid-1986, the Hidden Valley Rockshelter was listed on the National Register of Historic Places because of its archaeological significance. It is one of twenty-one Bath County locations with this distinction, although none of the others are significant primarily on archaeological grounds.
References
Further reading
Geier, Clarence R. "A Late Woodland Burial from the Hidden Valley Rockshelter, Bath County". Archaeological Society of Virginia Quarterly Bulletin 35.3 (1981): 113-138.
MacCord, Howard A., Sr. "The Hidden Valley Rockshelter, Bath County, Virginia". Archaeological Society of Virginia Quarterly Bulletin 27.4 (1973): 198-228.
Archaeological sites on the National Register of Historic Places in Virginia
Archaic period in North America
Geography of Bath County, Virginia
National Register of Historic Places in Bath County, Virginia
Rock shelters in the United States
Woodland period
Ancient, My Enemy is a collection of science fiction stories by American writer Gordon R. Dickson. It was first published by Doubleday in 1974. The stories originally appeared in the magazines If, Astounding, Analog Science Fiction and Fact, Space Stories and Fantasy and Science Fiction.
Contents
"Ancient, My Enemy"
"The Odd Ones"
"The Monkey Wrench"
"Tiger Green"
"The Friendly Man"
"Love Me True"
"Our First Death"
"In the Bone"
"The Bleak and Barren Land"
References
1974 short story collections
Short story collections by Gordon R. Dickson
Doubleday (publisher) books
The Itsekiri language is a major branch of the Yoruboid group of languages, which as a group, is a key member of the Volta–Niger sub-family of the Niger–Congo family of African languages. Itsekiri is spoken by nearly 900,000 people in Nigeria as a first language and by many others as an additional language notably in the Niger Delta and in parts of Edo and Ondo states of Nigeria. The other key members of the Yoruboid group are Yoruba (50 million) and Igala (1.8 million) along with the various Yoruba dialects spoken in Benin and Togo.
Classification
Itsekiri is most closely related to the Yoruba dialects of south western Nigeria with which it shares close similarity in grammar, lexicon and syntax. Itsekiri represents one end of a continuum of Yoruba dialects from the northern Yoruba lands of Oyo and Offa to the western reaches of the Niger-Delta. In many ways standard Yoruba and Itsekiri may be considered official variants of the same language. Although Itsekiri and the South Eastern Yoruba dialects are mutually intelligible to varying degrees depending on proximity to each other, however, unlike Yoruba dialect speakers, native Itsekiri speakers do not recognise or use the standard Yoruba language as their official lingua franca. This may be owing to the historical isolation of the main body of Itsekiri speakers (in the Niger Delta) from the continuum of Yoruba speakers and centuries of developing a separate and distinct Itsekiri socio-cultural and national identity. Nevertheless, from a linguistic standpoint, both Itsekiri and standard Yoruba (based on the Oyo dialect) can be considered to represent two official variants of what is essentially the same language - one is a Southern Yoruba dialectal fusion of Ijebu, Ondo, Owo - spoken as a national language by under a million people and the other a fusion of Oyo and Eko dialects now spoken as a standard language by over 20 million people.
Itsekiri is most closely related to Yoruba and Igala and incorporates elements of both languages. It has also been very heavily influenced by Edo (Bini), Portuguese and English and has taken in loan words from neighbouring Ijo and Urhobo languages. However its basic structure, grammar and vocabulary is essentially Yoruboid with its closest relatives being the south-eastern family of Yoruba dialects - Ijebu, Ilaje, Ikale, Ondo, and Owo. Whilst closely resembling those dialects however the Itsekiri language also features elements of Northern Yoruba notably The Ife and Oyo dialects. It is generally believed that the Itsekiri Language has developed out of an amalgam of languages spoken by various groups present in the western Niger-delta at the time of the formation of the Itsekiri nation in the 15th century. Because it has developed in the relative isolation of the Niger-Delta away from the main body of Yoruba dialects and from Igala - Itsekiri like most languages (that develop away from the main family body e.g. Icelandic) has preserved many of the original/archaic features of the original proto-Yoruba-Igala language and in particular the old Ijebu dialect of Yoruba. It is also possible that Itsekiri represents a surviving remnant of what could once have been the original Yoruba-Igala language before the split into separate languages.
Itsekiri is important to philologists and linguists today because of its role in comparative linguistics and in particular the study of the development of the Yoruba language. The Yoruba, English and Pidgin-English languages remain key modern-day influences on the development of the Itsekiri language today.
History
According to Jackson Omasanjuwa Ireyefoju and Florence Ejuogharanmakelesan Ireyefoju in their work "Ife Oracle in Itsekiri Social System of Nigeria," Itsekiri people first came to Nigeria from Egypt after the battle of Actium in 31 B.C. They arrived and settled in the present day Warri Kingdom in around 28 B.C in Gborodo, Ureju and Ode Itsekiri.
Their history in Nigeria started around 15th century with a hot blooded and self-willed young man known as Prince Iginuwa (Ginuwa), the eldest son of Oba Olua- the fourteenth Oba of Bini (Benin) kingdom. The crowned prince had a lot of enemies among the chiefs due to their arrogance and their father the then Oba Olua had planned a secret voyage of no return with the eldest sons of the chiefs. Upon their arrival at the bank of River Ethiope, the crowned prince came out adorned with a regalia of kingship and named themselves king (without kingdom). They settled first at Ugharegin, then moved to Efurokpe but later relaunch a new long voyage through the high waves of the Forcados River and landed in small settlement of beauty and wonder called Amatu for a while but had to move on for a ore fertile land because Amatu with all its wonders was unproductive. This time, their journey has taken them to a more fertile land inhabited by the Ijaws called Oruselemo. There, Prince Iginuwa also married an Ijoh woman named Derumo. Later, after several years, dispute arose between the migrants and the Ijaw people of Gulani (Ogulagha), as a result the prince had killed Derumo. The prince thought it is more reasonable to move, as such the ark was relaunched and they sailed through the Focados and Warri river to a virgin land that would later be called Ijala. There they gave birth to two sons; Prince Ijijen (Ijiyem) and Prince Irame. But not long after they found comfort, news of their whereabouts reached Bini and as expected, an Army was sent to bring back the running prince and their entourage. The information had reached Ijala and the mobile kingdom began preparation of relocating, hence, the movement was leaded by Ijijen.
Another source identified that, the history of Bini and Itsekiri Ginuwa, began with a prince of Benin founded the Iwere (Warri) Kingdom about 1480. At the beginning of the 17th century, a son of the reigning Olu was sent to Portugal and returned with a Portuguese wife after Warri was visited by the Portuguese in the 15th century. Their son Antonio Domingo was Olu of Warri in the 1640s. Olu Erejuwa, who reigned from about 1720 to 1800, expanded Warri politically and commercially, using the Portuguese to further Warri's independence of Benin and to establish control over a wider area.
References
Yoruboid languages
Languages of Nigeria
Ohio's 1st senatorial district has historically represented areas located in northwestern Ohio. A multi-county district, it currently comprises the counties Hancock, Hardin, Putnam, Henry, Williams, Defiance, Paulding, and Van Wert and portions of the counties Fulton, Logan, and Auglaize. It encompasses Ohio House districts 81, 82 and 83. It has a Cook PVI of R+11. Until their resignation, the current Ohio Senator was Republican Rob McColley. They reside in Napoleon, Ohio, a city located in Henry County.
List of senators
References
External links
Ohio's 1st district senator at the 130th Ohio General Assembly official website
Ohio State Senate districts
Matthew Dobson (born 16 December 1986) is a South African rugby union footballer. Their regular playing position is hooker. They represented in the Currie Cup and Vodacom Cup competitions between 2011 and 2013, having previously played for in the Varsity Cup between 2008 and 2010.
They left at the start of 2014 to continue their playing career in England.
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
Expatriate rugby union players in England
Griquas (rugby union) players
London Welsh RFC players
Rugby union hookers
Rugby union players from Pietermaritzburg
South African expatriate rugby union players
South African expatriate sportspeople in England
South African people of British descent
South African rugby union players
Stellenbosch University alumni
John William Aiken (August 13, 1896 – December 14, 1968) was an American furniture finisher and socialist activist. Aiken was the vice-presidential and presidential nominee of the Socialist Labor Party of America.
Aiken was born in Saugus, Massachusetts, in 1896, to John T. Aiken, a shoemaker, and Alice L. Smith.
In 1932, Aiken was the vice-presidential nominee of the SLP alongside Verne L. Reynolds. In 1936, Aiken, now a Chelsea, Massachusetts resident, was named to the top of the ticket with Emil F. Teichert as the party's nominee for vice president. The Aiken/Teichert campaign received 12,799 votes.
In 1940, Aiken was again named SLP presidential nominee. Aaron M. Orange of New York was the SLP choice for vice president. The Aiken/Orange ticket received 14,883 votes.
Aiken was a resident of a mobile home park in East Hartford, Connecticut and died in Bridgeport. Their neighbors were unaware that Aiken had ever been involved in politics. They had six children and served in the United States Army's Motor Transport Corps during World War I. They were also active in the International Union of Painters and Allied Trades. They requested no obituaries after their death.
References
1896 births
1968 deaths
20th-century American politicians
People from Saugus, Massachusetts
People from East Hartford, Connecticut
Socialist Labor Party of America presidential nominees
Socialist Labor Party of America politicians from Massachusetts
United States Army personnel of World War I
Mount Van Valkenburg () is a mountain (1,165 m) standing 1 nautical mile (1.9 km) south of Mount Burnham in the Clark Mountains of the Ford Ranges, Marie Byrd Land. It was discovered on aerial flights from West Base of the United States Antarctic Service (USAS) (1939–41) and named for Professor Samuel Van Valkenburg, director of the School of Geography at Clark University.
Mountains of Marie Byrd Land
Jiangsu Normal University () is a provincial key university located in Xuzhou, Jiangsu province, China. It was jointly constructed by the Chinese Ministry of Education and the Government of Jiangsu Province.
History
The university was established in 1952 as the Jiangsu Wuxi Business Cadre School in Southern Jiangsu's Wuxi. In 1956, the Chinese Ministry of Education granted permission for the school to become a higher education institution. Its name was changed to Jiangsu Normal Academy. In August 1958, the Jiangsu Normal Academy relocated to Xuzhou city in North Jiangsu. In March 1959, Xuzhou Normal Academy was merged with Jiangsu Normal Academy and became the Xuzhou Normal College, and became the only undergraduate college in North Jinagsu. In early 1960s, due to Zhou Enlai's suggestion that there should be a college in vast north Jiangsu, it avoided the fate of disappearing in the layout of higher education system.
During the Culture Revolution, once it changed its name to Huaihai College () by Red Guard, and stopped recruiting students for six years. In 1979, it began to recruit postgraduates, and it became one of the first batch of universities than could confer master's degree in China in 1981.
In 1989, the Second Xuzhou Normal Academy (founded in 1984) was merged into Xuzhou Normal College. In 1996, Chinese Ministry of Education approved the college to upgrade to university. It was renamed as Xuzhou Normal University. In 1999, the State Coal Bureau's Xuzhou Industrial College merged into Xuzhou Normal University. This allowed the university to become a comprehensive university with specializations in engineering and sciences.
Xuzhou Normal University was renamed as Jiangsu Normal University in 2011.
Main Campuses
Jiangsu Normal University is made up of four campuses currently.
Quanshan Campus (), is the primary and biggest campus, and was built from 1985.
Yunlong Campus (), which is the oldest, built in the 1950s.
Jiawang Campus (), which is located in the exurbanof Xuzhou City. It was the campus of Xuzhou Industrial College.
Kuiyuan Campus (), which used to be the campus of the Second Xuzhou Normal Academy.
The four campuses cover around 122 thousands square meters with nearly one million square meters of building space.
Teaching Staff
There are 1358 full-time teachers, including 218 professors, 445 assistant professors, and 313 doctors. Moreover, there are 2 academicians of Chinese Academy of Sciences, 1 committee member of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences.
Schools and Departments
School of Linguistic Sciences
Neurolinguistics; fMRI and ERPs for Language Sciences; Theoretical linguistics; Engineering Linguistics; Teaching Chinese to Speakers of Other Languages; China Minority Linguistics; Chinese Language
School of Literature
Chinese Language and Literature(non-normal); Chinese Language and Literature(high-level secretarial); Chinese Language
College of Foreign Languages
English(normal, commercial, translate); Japanese; Russian; Spanish; International Marketing
School of Educational Science
Elementary Education; Psychological Education; Preprimary Education; Applied Psychology
Institute of Mathematical Sciences
Mathematics and Applied Mathematics; Information and Computing Science; Statistics
Physical Culture Institute
Physical Education; Science of Ethnic Traditional Sports; Athletic Training
Academy of Fine Arts
Fine Arts; Fine Arts(normal); Artistic Designing Program; Drawing
School of Economics
Economics; International Commerce; International Economy and Trade
College of Life Science
Biological Science; Biotechnology; Gardening and Zoological Science
College of Information and Communication
Advertising Program; Radio and Television Journalism; Radio and TV Editing
History and Culture and Tourism Institute
History; Tourist Management; Culture Industry Management
School of law and Politics
Law; International Trade Laws; Ideological and Political Education; Politics and Administration; Social Work
Physical and Electronic Engineering Institute
Physics, Electronics Science and Technology; Electronic Information Engineering and Optical Information Science and Technology
College of Chemistry and Chemical Engineering
Applied Chemistry; Chemistry; Pharmaceutical Engineering and Environmental Engineering
College of Landscape and Animal Science
School of City and Environmental Science
School of City and Environmental Science Geosciences; Urban and Rural Planning &Resource management; Geographic Information System; Environmental Science
Faculty of Management
Marketing Management; Financial Management; Administrative; Logistics Management; Public Enterprise Management
School of Geodesy and Geomatics
Surveying and Mapping Engineering; Land Resource Management;Remote Sensing Technology
The College of Mechanical Engineering
Mechanical Engineering; Machinery Electronics; CNC Technology;
Electrical Engineering and Automation Institute
Academy of Music
References
External links
Jiangsu Normal University
Introduction about JSNU to International students
School of Linguistic Sciences, Jiangsu Normal University
Teachers colleges in China
Universities and colleges in Jiangsu
Thuria may refer to:
Thuria (Messenia), a town of ancient Messenia, Greece
Thuria, Messenia, a modern town in Greece taking its name from the ancient town
Thuria, the fictional Martian name of the Mars moon Phobos in the Barsoom novels by Edgar Rice Burroughs
Thuria, a kingdom in the Pellucidar novels by Edgar Rice Burroughs
Thuria, a fictional region used by Robert E. Howard in their Kull stories
Tongam station is a railway station in Tongam-dong, greater Tanch'ŏn city, South Hamgyŏng province, North Korea, on the Kŭmgol Line of the Korean State Railway. It was opened on 30 March 1943 along with the rest of the Yŏhaejin–Tongam section of the line.
References
Railway stations in North Korea
Railway stations opened in 1943
1943 establishments in Korea
The Men's 400 metre individual medley competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships was held on 18 June 2022.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing world and championship records were as follows.
The following new records were set during this competition.
Results
Heats
The heats were started at 10:54.
Final
The final was held at 19:25.
References
Men's 400 metre individual medley
George Frederick Baldwin (3 April 1878 – 15 May 1970) was an English cricketer. Baldwin's batting and bowling styles are unknown. They were born at Northampton, Northamptonshire.
Baldwin made a single first-class appearance for Northamptonshire against Leicestershire in the 1906 County Championship. They batted once in this match, scoring 6 runs before being dismissed by William Odell. With the ball they bowled 8 wicketless overs.
They died at Burton upon Trent, Staffordshire on 15 May 1970.
References
External links
George Baldwin at ESPNcricinfo
George Baldwin at CricketArchive
1878 births
1970 deaths
Cricketers from Northampton
English cricketers
Northamptonshire cricketers
Alain Convard (born 16 January 1947) is a French archer. They competed in the men's individual event at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
1947 births
Living people
French male archers
Olympic archers of France
Archers at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Daniel Boone is a 1936 American historical film directed by David Howard and starring George O'Brien, Heather Angel, and John Carradine.
Synopsis
In 1775, Daniel Boone leads thirty colonial families to Kentucky where they face two threats: Native American raiders led by renegade white Simon Girty, who opposes the colony; and the schemes of effete Stephen Marlowe to seize title to the new lands. Perils, battles, escapes, and a love interest round out the film.
Cast
George O'Brien as Daniel Boone
Heather Angel as Virginia Randolph
John Carradine as Simon Girty
Ralph Forbes as Stephen Marlowe
George Regas as Black Eagle
Dickie Jones as Master Jerry Randolph
Clarence Muse as Pompey
Huntley Gordon as Sir John Randolph
Harry Cording as Joe Burch
Aggie Herring as Mrs. Mary Burch
Crauford Kent as Attorney General
Keith Hitchcock as Commissioner
Chief John Big Tree as Wyandotte Warrior (uncredited)
Dick Curtis as John Finch - Frontiersman (uncredited)
Baron James Lichter as Ben Stevens (uncredited)
John Merton as Messenger from Richmond (uncredited)
Edward Peil, Sr. as Frontiersman in Lone Wagon (uncredited)
Tom Ricketts as Attorney General's Associate (uncredited)
Soundtrack
Clarence Muse - "Roll on, Wheel" (Written by Clarence Muse)
Clarence Muse - "Make Way" (Written by Jack Stern, Grace Hamilton and Harry Tobias)
Chorus - "In My Garden" (Music by Jack Stern, lyrics by Grace Hamilton)
External links
1936 films
1930s historical adventure films
1936 Western (genre) films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by David Howard
Films set in the 18th century
Films set in the 1770s
Films set in Kentucky
Films set in Virginia
American historical adventure films
American Revolutionary War films
American Western (genre) films
RKO Pictures films
Cultural depictions of Daniel Boone
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Oman Avenues Mall is one of the largest shopping mall in Oman. It is a division of renowned LuLu Group International based at Abu Dhabi. It was inaugurated in May 2015, under the patronage of M.A Yusuff Ali, MD, Lulu Group, along with other key members of the Lulu management.
References
External links
Shopping malls in Oman
is a Japanese manga artist. Their first series, Attack on Titan (2009–2021), became one of the best-selling manga series of all time with 110 million copies in circulation as of September 2022.
Biography
Isayama was born in Ōyama, Ōita Prefecture, Japan, which is now part of Hita. They were attending Hita Rinko Senior High School when they began submitting manga works to contests. After graduating, they matriculated in the manga design program of the arts department at Kyushu Designer Gakuen. In 2006, they applied for the Magazine Grand Prix known as MGP promoted by Kodansha Ltd. and a short version of Attack on Titan (Shingeki no Kyojin) was given the "Fine Work" award. At age twenty, they moved to Tokyo and worked at an Internet café in order to pursue a career in writing manga. This one-shot would later be included with the first Blu-ray of the anime adaptation.
Originally, they offered their work to the Weekly Shōnen Jump department at Shueisha, where they were advised to modify their style and story to be more suitable for Weekly Shōnen Jump. They declined and decided instead to take it to the Weekly Shōnen Magazine department at Kodansha Ltd.
In 2008, they applied for the 80th Weekly Shōnen Magazine Freshman Manga Award, where their work Heart Break One was given the Special Encouragement Award. Their other work, Orz, was chosen as a selected work in the same contest the following year.
In 2009, their first serial work, Attack on Titan, started in the monthly Bessatsu Shōnen Magazine. It won the Shōnen category of the 35th Kodansha Manga Award in 2011, and was nominated for both the 4th annual Manga Taishō award and the 16th annual Tezuka Osamu Cultural Prize. Attack on Titan is released in English by Kodansha USA and has inspired five spin-off manga series, three light novel series, a televised anime adaptation, several visual novels and video games, and a two part live-action film. The resort Bungo Oyama Hibiki no Sato in their hometown of Ōyama, ran a free exhibit displaying copies of Isayama's manuscripts for the manga in 2013. A special Attack on Titan event was held in Hita on November 1, 2014, with Isayama and approximately 2,500 spectators attending. The following day, Isayama gave a speech at the Patria Hita cultural hall and was officially named the Tourism Ambassador of Hita by the city's mayor Keisuke Harada.
In December 2018, they announced in their blog that they had gotten married earlier that year.
Works
Awards
References
External links
Hajime Isayama official blog
1986 births
Living people
Manga artists
Manga artists from Ōita Prefecture
People from Ōita Prefecture
Attack on Titan
Andy Murray defeated Novak Djokovic in the final, 7–6(7–4), 7–6(7–5) to win the men's singles tennis title at the 2008 Cincinnati Masters. It was their first Masters title. Rafael Nadal's 32 match winning-streak ended in the semifinals when they were defeated by Djokovic.
Roger Federer was the defending champion, but lost in the third round to Ivo Karlović.
Seeds
The top eight seeds receive a bye into the second round.
Draw
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
External links
Draw
Qualifying Draw
Singles
Javorska Ravna Gora is a village in the municipality of Ivanjica, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 96 inhabitants.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Sir Lewis Stucley (1574–1620) lord of the manor of Affeton in Devon, was Vice-Admiral of Devonshire. They were guardian of Thomas Rolfe, and a main opponent of Sir Walter Raleigh in their last days. Stucley's reputation is equivocal; popular opinion at the time idealised Raleigh, and to the public they were Sir "Judas" Stucley.
Origins
They were the eldest son of John Stucley (1551-1611) lord of the manor of Affeton in Devon, and their wife Frances St Leger, daughter of Sir John St Leger, (d.1596) of Annery in Devon, Their grandfather Lewis Stucley (c.1530–1581) of Affeton was the eldest brother of Thomas Stucley (1520–1578) The Lusty Stucley, a mercenary leader who was killed fighting against the Moors at the Battle of Alcazar.
Career
The younger Lewis was knighted by King James I when on their way to London in 1603. In April 1617 they were appointed guardian of Thomas Rolfe, the two-year-old son of John Rolfe and Rebecca (Pocahontas). They later transferred Thomas's wardship to John's brother, Henry Rolfe in Heacham.
The Raleigh arrest
Stucley purchased the office of vice-admiral in 1618, and very soon became embroiled in high politics. In June 1618 they left London with verbal orders from the king to deal with the imminent difficulty with Sir Walter Raleigh, when they arrived at Plymouth on their return from the 1617 Orinoco expedition. As had been recognised by a royal proclamation of 9 June, Raleigh had broken the peace treaty between England and Spain. There was intense diplomatic embarrassment for King James in the situation; Stucley may have understood the king's intention to be that Raleigh should flee the country, but in any case their approach was relaxed for a number of weeks.
Stucley had a public notary board Raleigh's ship the Destiny in port. Then on the basis of a letter from the Lord High Admiral, Charles Howard, 1st Earl of Nottingham, dated 12 June, Stucley had the written authority to arrest Raleigh. They met Raleigh at Ashburton, and accompanied them back to Plymouth. While Stucley was waiting for further orders, Raleigh attempted to escape to France; but returned to their arrest. Stucley sold off the Destiny'''s cargo of tobacco.
Stucley had been told to make the journey easy for Raleigh, and show respect for their poor health. Setting off in earnest from the Plymouth area, from John Drake's house some way to the east and joining the Fosse Way near Musbury, on 25 July, Stucley's party escorted Raleigh. The events that followed were later much discussed. Raleigh traveled with their wife and son. One of Stucley's entourage was a French physician, Guillaume Manoury. They went via Sherborne, met Sir John Digby, and stayed with Edward Parham at Poyntington. They reached Salisbury on the 27th, haste now prompted by an official reproach.
At Salisbury the journey halted for a time. Manoury connived at a sickness Raleigh alleged, and Raleigh used the break in the journey to prepare some defense. The king was there, on a summer progress, and Raleigh used several devices to play for time, composing a state paper in justification of their expedition. At this point Stucley refused a bribe which Raleigh offered him. On 1 August they moved on.
With Raleigh in London
By the time the party reached Andover, Stucley was aware that Raleigh intended to escape, and kept a better guard on him. They also countered Raleigh's attempts to corrupt them with duplicity, pretending to be swayed. In London on 7 August, Raleigh was for a short time a prisoner at large, lodging at their wife's house in Broad Street; they used the excuse of illness to argue for this lenient treatment, and was granted five days to regain their health. A chance contact in a Brentford inn with a French official gave them hope.
Raleigh attempted an escape down the River Thames, on 9 August; it was with the help of Stucley, who intended to betray him. The plot to ensnare Raleigh involved William Herbert, who had accompanied the Raleigh expedition, and others, as well as Stucley. Raleigh with a party including Stucley took a wherry at night from Towers Stairs; they got past Woolwich, but around Gallions Reach were overhauled by a larger wherry, carrying Herbert. They returned to Greenwich, and Stucley arrested Raleigh once more in the name of the king.
Raleigh's end and Stucley's disgrace
After the attempt, Raleigh was placed in the Tower of London. They were executed on 29 October, on the old high treason charged related to the 1603 Main Plot; more recent testimony was not legally employed. On the scaffold Raleigh made their last speech, making a point of naming Stucley (to say they were forgiven).
Stucley had given hostile, but not necessarily false, evidence against Raleigh. A public furore arose. It appeared that Stucley, wrongly said to be Raleigh's cousin, was appointed their warden not only as the vice-admiral of Devonshire, but as having an old grudge against Raleigh dating from 1584, when Raleigh deceived their father, John, then a volunteer in Sir Richard Grenville's Virginia voyage. It was alleged, and officially denied, that Stucley wished to let Raleigh escape in order to gain credit for rearresting him.
The Earl of Nottingham threatened to cudgel Stucley. The king said "On my soul, if I should hang all that speak ill of thee, all the trees in the country would not suffice".
Pamphlets
Raleigh had an effective posthumous advocate in Robert Tounson, who had attended their last days. While saying on the scaffold that they forgave everyone, having taken the sacrament for the last time, Raleigh still called Stucley perfidious. Stucley put together a defence of their own actions, for which Leonell Sharpe may have been the writer.Lisa Jardine and Alan Stewart, Hostage to Fortune: The troubled life of Francis Bacon 1561–1626 (1998), p. 424.
There were in fact two published documents in which Stucley put their side of the argument, an Apology, and the Petition of 26 November. There was also an official defence of the king's proceedings, the Declaration, written by Francis Bacon, possibly with Henry Yelverton and Robert Naunton. The Apology having failed, Stucley issued the Petition in effect asking for official backing; which was published in the Declaration of 27 November, the printers having been up all night.Thomas Nadauld Brushfield, Raleghana pt. VII, in Report and Transactions - The Devonshire Association for the Advancement of Science, Literature and Art vol. 37 (1905) p. 285; archive.org.
Aftermath and death
John Chamberlain wrote to Sir Dudley Carleton at the end of 1618, reporting Stucley's reputation as a betrayer, and reporting the "Judas" epithet. In January 1619 Stucley and their son were charged with clipping coin, on slender evidence from a servant who had formerly been employed as a spy on Raleigh. The coins were £500 in gold, a payment for their expenses in dealing with Raleigh, and regarded as blood money as reported by Thomas Lorkyn writing to Sir Thomas Puckering in early 1619 (N.S.). It has been suggested by Baldwin Maxwell that the character of Septimius in The False One'' was a contemporary reference to Stucley; though this hypothesis has been regarded as unprovable.
The king pardoned him; but popular hatred pursued them to Affeton, and they fled to the island of Lundy, where they died in the course of 1620, raving mad it was rumoured.
Family
In 1596 they married Frances Monck (born 1571), the eldest daughter of Anthony Monck who lived at Potheridge in Devon and aunt of George Monck, 1st Duke of Albemarle, having six sons and one daughter. From the point of view of Stucley's reputation at the time, it mattered whether Raleigh was part of their extended family, which was widely believed, but they were not related.
References
External links
s:Devonshire Characters and Strange Events/Sir "Judas" Stukeley by Sabine Baring-Gould
Devon Perspectives page
Attribution
Year of birth missing
1620 deaths
17th-century English people
Lewis
Povilas is a Lithuanian masculine given name and may refer to:
Povilas Aksomaitis (1938–2004), Lithuanian engineer, politician, and signatory of the 1990 Act of the Re-Establishment of the State of Lithuania
Povilas Budrys (born 1962), Lithuanian painter
Povilas Bartušis (born 1993), Lithuanian male badminton player
Povilas Butkevičius (born 1987), Lithuanian former basketball player
Povilas Jakubėnas (1871–1953) Lithuanian Calvinist clergyman, general superintendent of the Lithuanian branch of the Reformed Church
Povilas Leimonas (born 1987), Lithuanian footballer
Povilas Lukšys (footballer) (born 1979), Lithuanian footballer
Povilas Meškėla (born 1964), Lithuanian rock singer and musician (Rojaus tūzai and Katedra)
Povilas Mykolaitis (born 1983), Lithuanian long jumper
Povilas Plechavičius (1890–1973), Imperial Russian and then Lithuanian military officer and statesman
Povilas Stravinsky, Lithuanian pianist active in the United States
Povilas Stulga Museum of Lithuanian Folk Instruments, located in Kaunas, Lithuania
Povilas Tautvaišas (1916–1980), Lithuanian-American chess master
Povilas Vaitonis (1911–1983), Lithuanian–Canadian International Master of chess
Povilas Vanagas (born 1970), Lithuanian figure skater
Povilas Varanauskas (born 1941), Lithuanian politician
Povilas Vasiliauskas (born 1953), Lithuanian politician, the president of Klaipeda Association of Industrialists, former mayor of Klaipėda
Povilas Višinskis (1875–1906), Lithuanian writer, journalist, theatre director, and politician
Povilas Žadeikis (1887–1957), representative of Lithuania in the United States from 1934 to 1957
Lithuanian masculine given names
Masculine given names
Wilhelm Szewczyk (5 January 1916 – 8 June 1991) was a Polish writer, poet, literary critic, translator, activist of the National Radical Camp, communist, and member of parliament from the region of Silesia.
They were born in Czuchów (now part of Czerwionka-Leszczyny, Rybnik County) and was raised in familok in Czerwionka. Szewczyk attended State Liceum in Rybnik and after finishing it relocated to Katowice; and until 1939 worked in local radio station of Polskie Radio.
During World War II they were forced to join the German Army and in 1941-1942 stayed on the Western Front in Normandy and later on the Eastern Front in Soviet Union. In August 1941 was injured at the battle of Smolensk. When healed in Thuringia, they were sent to Alsace to the front. For their pacifist stances was arrested and in 1942 jailed in Katowice.
After the war Szewczyk returned to Katowice where they worked as editor of Odra weekly and in 1947-1951 was a literary director of Silesian Theatre. They then worked in several literary magazines.
Szewczyk was also a deputy in the Sejm (Parliament) in 1957-1965 and 1969-1980. They died on 8 June 1991 in Katowice and is buried in the local Protestant Cemetery.
Works
Posągi (1945) - poetry collection
Portret Łużyczanki Mina Witkojc (1948) - about the Lower Sorbian poetress, journalist and patriot Mina Witkojc
Skarb Donnersmarcków (1956)
Z kraju Lompy (1957)
Wyprzedaż samotności (1959)
Literatura niemiecka w XX wieku (1962, 1964)
Od wiosny do jesieni (1965)
Kleszcze
Czarne słońce
Klara Krause – short stories collection
Syndrom śląski (1985) - collection of essays
References
Bibliography
1916 births
1991 deaths
People from Rybnik County
Polish Lutherans
Polish translators
Polish politicians
German Army personnel of World War II
People from the Province of Silesia
20th-century translators
20th-century Polish poets
Polish male poets
20th-century Polish male writers
20th-century Lutherans
Mostafa Saadeq Al-Rafe' (1 January 1880 – May 1937) was an Egyptian poet, born in Egypt in Qalyubiyya, Egypt.
Early life
Their maternal grandfather was Sheikh Eltoukhy (originally from Toukh, a famous Egyptian city) but was born in Aleppo and managed their business between The Levant and Egypt.
Mostafa Saadeq Al-Rafe' became deaf at the age of thirty.
Career
Despite their hearing disability and the fact that they were self-taught, they became one of the most famous Arab poets of the early twentieth century. They composed the words of the Egyptian national anthem Eslami ya Misr, adopted between 1923 and 1936. The words of the Tunisian national anthem are largely the work of Al-Rafe'ie.
References
1880 births
1937 deaths
Egyptian composers
20th-century Egyptian poets
National anthem writers
Egyptian male poets
20th-century male writers
Deaf poets
William F. McLaughlin (born 1932) was an American politician from the State of Michigan.
McLaughlin resided in St. Clair Shores and Northville, Michigan. Prior to working as a party operative McLaughlin had an insurance business. They were a candidate for the Michigan State House of Representatives from Macomb County 2nd District in 1962 and a delegate to Republican National Convention from Michigan in 1964.
They were Vice-chairperson of the Michigan Republican Party in 1965 and later elected Chairman of the Michigan Republican Party from 1969-1979 tying Gerrit J. Diekema for ten consecutive years of service.
References
The Political Graveyard
Michigan Republican Party chairs
Michigan Republicans
People from Northville, Michigan
People from St. Clair Shores, Michigan
Living people
1932 births
The District of Opolian Silesia, also designated as the 1st District, was a district that acted as an provisional administrative division of Poland, during the administration of the Provisional Government of the Republic of Poland in 1945, and the Provisional Government of National Unity from 1945 to 1946. It was centered around the area of the Upper Silesia. It was established as one of four provisional districts on 14 March 1945, and existed until 28 June 1946, when it was abolished and incorporated into the Silesian Voivodeship. The head of the district was the attorney-in-fact of the government, Aleksander Zawadzki.
Notes
References
History of Silesia
History of Opole
Opolian Silesia
Opolian Silesia
1945 establishments in Poland
1946 disestablishments in Poland
Opolian Silesia
The Macedonian-Adrianople Social Democratic Group was a regional faction of the Bulgarian Workers' Social Democratic Party in the Ottoman Empire. According to Macedonian historians, most of its activists were ethnic Macedonians.
History
Creation and development
In 1894, on the instructions of Dimitar Blagoev, Vasil Glavinov founded the first socialist group in Ottoman Macedonia in Veles. In 1896 Glavinov founded the Macedonian-Adrianople Social Democratic Group itself. Raising slogans such as "Macedonia for the Macedonians", and "Autonomy for Macedonia and Adrianople regions", they managed to create socialist groups and circles in some cities in Macedonia and Adrianople Thrace. They published the newspaper Political Liberty (Политическа свобода) and accepted the idea of an armed revolution, but criticized the Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organization (IMRO) for "excessive centralization and insufficient ideological resilience." Finally the group established contacts with the IMRO and participated in the first socialist conference on July 3, 1900, held in Krushevo.
Unable to reach the mass they desired, the Socialists decided to join the IMRO, but under certain conditions: autonomy within the Organization; freedom of socialist agitation; participation by right of one of their representatives in each district committee of IMRO. These conditions were accepted only by the Bitola revolutionary district, and the socialist Nikola Karev became the Krushevo district voivode and took an active part in the Ilinden Uprising in 1903. After the failure of the uprising there was discord both in the IMRO and in the BWSDP itself. After the Young Turk Revolution in 1908, the Marxist Bulgarian Social Democratic Workers' Party (Narrow Socialists) sympathized with the Bulgarian People's Federative Party and created its social democratic groups and trade unions in Macedonia and Adrianople Thrace. At the end of July 1908, Vasil Glavinov left from Bulgaria for the Ottoman Empire and toured Edirne, Alexandroupolron, Serres, Kommotini, Xanthi, Drama and settled in Thessaloniki. At the end of 1910, a conference was held in Thessaloniki to establish an Ottoman Socialist Party, but attempts failed without much success.
After the beginning of the Balkan Wars (1912-1913) the members of the faction moved to Sofia, where the group was practically dissolved.
Views and concept
At a meeting of the group on August 10, 1908, at which Dimitar Blagoev and Georgi Kirkov presented reports, the program of the group was discussed and adopted, which included demands for self-determination of the nationalities in the Ottoman Empire, general, direct, equal and secret suffrage, abolition of the Ottoman Senate, the introduction of a progressive income tax, the replacement of the regular army with a people's militia, reforms in labor legislation, and others. The idea of a self-governing Macedonia (and Adrianople) regions was emphasized in the program of these socialists and their agenda was made more explicit in their newspaper Political Liberty.
The newspaper criticized the Bulgarian chauvinist government for its ambitions at territorial expansion in both areas and appealed for the creation of an independent Balkan Socialist Federation, and conceived it as some kind of “Switzerland of the Balkans”. It would have a presumed cantonal organization separate for all local national elements, which would choose free their official language. Per Political Liberty, the Macedonians should not be regarded as Bulgarians, Serbs, Greeks etc., but primarily as “slaves”. Its political agenda of a separate Macedonian people was based on Marxist class-ideological aspects, with a strong anti-nationalist motivation. Such socialist rhetoric, with specific and distinct political tasks of the Macedonian people, uniting in this designation not only “Bulgarians” but a number of other “nationalities”, reveals that then socialist “national” categories were quite distinct from today's separate Macedonian and Bulgarian national concepts. The idea of establishing a multinational autonomous Macedonian entity and promoting an inclusive Macedonian identity, was a supranational concept, not a national one.
While Bulgarian historians today criticize such a "nihilistic" position, their Macedonian colleagues are worried that the group was blind for Macedonians' separate ethnic identity.
See also
Strandzha Commune
Krusevo Republic
Macedonian Secret Revolutionary Committee
Socialist Workers' Federation
References
Defunct political parties in Bulgaria
Political parties disestablished in 1912
Political parties established in 1896
Social democratic parties in Bulgaria
The Men's 200 metre butterfly competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships was held on 20 and 21 June 2022.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing world and championship records were as follows.
The following new records were set during this competition.
Results
Heats
The heats were started on 20 June at 09:37.
Semifinals
The semifinals were started on 20 June at 19:35.
Final
The final was held on 21 at 18:54.
References
Men's 200 metre butterfly
Lyons Cone () is a cone shaped peak north-northeast of the Matterhorn, rising to on the ridge separating the heads of Lacroix Glacier, Newall Glacier, and Suess Glacier in the Asgard Range, Victoria Land, Antarctica. It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names after American geochemist William Berry Lyons, a veteran of expeditions to the Himalayas, Greenland, Iceland, and Antarctica, 1980–97, and chief scientist of the McMurdo Dry Valleys Long-Term Ecological Research field team, 1993–97. As a member of a University of New Hampshire field party, 1988–89, Lyons participated in glaciochemical investigations that collected two ice cores, deep, from the upper Newall Glacier, in proximity of this peak.
References
Mountains of the Asgard Range
McMurdo Dry Valleys
The 1971–72 Challenge Cup was the 71st staging of rugby league's oldest knockout competition, the Challenge Cup.
The final was contested by St. Helens and Leeds at Wembley.
First Round
Second Round
Quarter Finals
Semi Finals
Final
The final was played on Saturday 13 May 1972, in front of a crowd of 89,495. After leading 12-6 at half time, St Helens beat Leeds 16-13.
The winner of the Lance Todd Trophy was Saints' Kel Coslett.
St Helens scorers were Les Jones (1 try), Graham Rees (1 try), and Kel Coslett (5 goals).
This was St Helens' fourth Cup Final win in eight Final appearances.
References
External links
Challenge Cup official website
Challenge Cup 1971/72 results at Rugby League Project
Challenge Cup
Challenge Cup
Weird War is the eponymous debut album by American indie rock band Weird War, released in 2002.
Track listing
Side one
"Baby It's the Best" − 2:55
"Chicago Charlemagne" − 2:35
"Who's Who" − 2:18
"FN Rat" − 3:25
"Grass" − 2:07
"Ibex Club" − 2:05
Side two
"Name Names" − 3:11
"Burgers and Fries" − 3:07
"I Live in a Dream" − 2:30
"Pick Up the Phone and Ball" − 2:05
"Family Cong" − 1:41
"Weird War" − 1:13
"Man is Money" − 2:37
Personnel
Stephen McCarty– drums, vocals
Jessica Espeleta – guitar, vocals
Neil Hagerty – guitar, vocals
Michelle Mae – bass, vocals
Ian Svenonius – vocals
References
2002 debut albums
Weird War albums
Drag City (record label) albums
Domino Recording Company albums
Nicky's Family () is a 2011 Czech docudrama directed by Matej Mináč. It is based on the work of Nicholas Winton prior to the outbreak of World War II.
Cast
Ben Abeles as Himself
The Dalai Lama as Himself
Klára Issová as Mother
Joe Schlesinger as Himself
Michal Slaný as Sir Nicholas Winton
Nicholas Winton as Himself
References
External links
2011 films
2011 documentary films
2010s Czech-language films
Documentary films about the Holocaust
Documentary films about refugees
Kindertransport
Czech World War II films
The Bigambul people are an Aboriginal Australian people of the Northern Tablelands and Border Rivers regions of New South Wales and Queensland.
Name
In the traditional language, the name of this group is derived from the Bigambul word biga or pika which translates in English to yes. The Bigambul are bounded to the south–east by the Ngarabal, the Kamilaroi to the south, the Kooma to the west, the Mandandanji and Kabi to the north, and the Baruŋgam to the north–east.
Country
Norman Tindale ascribed to the Bigambul a traditional territory spreading over east of Nindigully, on the Weir and Moonie rivers, north to Tara; at Talwood; on the Macintyre River from east of Boomi to Texas; at Yetman, Boggabilla, and at Middle Creek.
Alternate names
Bigabul
Pikambul
Bigambal
Bigambel
Bee-gum-bul
Bigumble
Pikumbul,'Pikumpal, Pikambal
Pikum-bul, Pickum-bul, Pickimbul
Pickumble, Picumbul, Pikumbil
Begumble
Peekumble
Pickumbil
Picumbill
Preagalgh
Wigal-wollumbul
Wee-n' gul-la-m' bul
Source:
Clans
The Bigambul have a cultural connection with the northern Kamilaroi people and these people regularly participated in joint ceremonies at Boobera Lagoon.
Language
The Australian Institute for Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Studies states that the Bigambul language was used by the Bigambul people, with Gambuwal and Kwiambal (or Gujambal) known dialects.
However, it is more likely that the Gamilaraay (or Yuwaaliyaay) language was used by those peoples living in southern Bigambul territory.
History of contact
The Bigambul people actively opposed European colonisation of their territory. From the early 1840s they mounted a 14–year guerrilla campaign to expel the settlers. The Bigambul leadership understood the importance of economics in warfare and they specifically targeted horses and cattle rather than just the settlers themselves. The campaign was initially successful with 17 selections being abandoned in Macintyre region in 1843, of which only 13 were re-occupied when Europeans returned 3 years later. The economic war was so successful that it is recorded that one selection was making a loss of £150 per year until 1849. The tide of the campaign turned in 1848 when the Governor set aside £1000 to form the Native Police and appointed Frederick Walker to command them. Walker took the battle to the Bigambul, attacking them in their camps with their stated objective being their annihilation. By 1851 the economic war was effectively over, land values in the area doubled and the wages paid by settlers to employees were halved. Most of the work done on selections in the area was performed by Aborigines in return for food rations. By 1854 only 100 of the Bigambul people were left alive.
Native title
On 23 February 2001 the Bigambul people lodged a successful native title claim over in South Western Queensland.
Notable Bigambul people
Chris Sandowa professional rugby league footballer
Notes
Citations
Sources
External links
Bibliography of Bigambul people and language resources, at the Australian Institute of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Studies
Aboriginal peoples of New South Wales
Aboriginal peoples of Queensland
Justin Chikwanda (born 27 November 1967) is a Zambian boxer. They competed in the men's bantamweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
1967 births
Living people
Zambian male boxers
Olympic boxers of Zambia
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Commonwealth Games medallists in boxing
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for Zambia
Boxers at the 1990 Commonwealth Games
Place of birth missing (living people)
Bantamweight boxers
Peter Frank Stott CBE (8 August 1927 – 16 August 1993) was a British civil engineer. Specialising in prestressed concrete, they designed several bridges in Australia. Stott's work on the Hammersmith flyover brought them to the attention of the London County Council where they were appointed deputy chief engineer. They subsequently became chief engineer and was appointed Director of Highways and Transportation upon the creation of the Greater London Council. They became one of the first joint controllers at the council when the planning department became part of their remit. Stott left the council to become Director-General of the National Water Council. They were appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1978 and in 1983 became a professor at King's College London. Stott wrote a 1987 report on the use of open level crossings on the rail network that led to a significant change in British Rail policy and served as president of the Institution of Civil Engineers for 1989–90.
Career
Stott was born in London on 8 August 1927. They worked as a structural engineer and by the age of 28 was made a partner in the firm of Guy Maunsell. Stott was an expert in the use of prestressed concrete and designed the Kings Avenue Bridges in Canberra, Gladesville Bridge in Sydney, Tasman Bridge near Hobart and the Narrows Bridge in Perth – all in Australia. After they completed the design of the Hammersmith flyover for London County Council (LCC) they were appointed deputy chief engineer by the LCC in 1963. Stott had particular responsibility for the council's road network before becoming chief engineer upon the death of Francis Fuller.
In 1965 Stott was made Director of Highways and Transportation upon the creation of the Greater London Council. They brought in experts from the United States, offering greatly increased salaries to attract the best candidates, a system that helped increase the salaries for engineers across the UK. Stott's eight years as director saw the construction of London's first motorways and the extension of computerised control to two thirds of the city's signalised junctions. Their role expanded in 1969 when they assumed control of the planning department, becoming one of the councils first joint controllers. Stott served as president of the Reinforced Concrete Association in 1964, of the Concrete Society in 1967 and of the Institute of Highway Engineers in 1971.
Stott left the London Council in 1973 to take up the post of Director-General of the newly founded National Water Council, a position they held for ten years until the body was dissolved. In this period they were also Secretary General of the International Water Supply Association. In 1978 Stott was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire in the Queen's Birthday Honours of 3 June. Between 1983 and 1989 Stott was Nash Professor of Civil Engineering at King's College London. Stott was commissioned by the British government to write a report into the use of open (unguarded) level crossings on the British Rail network following the Lockington rail crash in which a passenger train collided with a van on a level crossing resulting in the deaths of nine people. Stott's report was published in August 1987 and led to a significant change in British Rail policy and the installation of barriers or reduction of train speeds at 75 locations.
Stott was appointed chairperson of the Quality Scheme for Ready Mixed Concrete in 1989. They served three terms on the council of the Institution of Civil Engineers and was its president between November 1989 and November 1990. Stott's portrait at the institution shows the Hammersmith Flyover in the background.
Personal life
Stott married Vera Watkins in 1953 and the couple had two sons. Stott died in Truro, Cornwall, on 16 August 1993.
References
1927 births
1993 deaths
Engineers from London
British civil engineers
Presidents of the Institution of Civil Engineers
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Academics of King's College London
Pine Hill Plantation was a large cotton plantation of established between 1829 and 1832 in northern Leon County, Florida, United States touching the southeast arm of Lake Iamonia established by Dr. Edward Bradford.
Location
Adjacent plantations:
Oaklawn Plantation in the northeast and southwest
Horseshoe Plantation to the north.
Pine Hill's plantation house was located north of Oaklawn Plantation home on Thomasville Road.
Today the developments of Killearn Lakes Plantation, large private homes, and several commercial interests are on Pine Hill. The area is known as Bradfordville.
Plantation specifics
The Leon County Florida 1860 Agricultural Census shows that Pine Hill Plantation had the following:
Improved Land:
Unimproved Land:
Cash value of plantation: $28,000
Cash value of farm implements/machinery: $1500
Cash value of farm animals: $5000
Number of slaves: 130
Bushels of corn: 4000
Bales of cotton: 225
During March 1857 the "black measles" hit Pine Hill killing several people.
Pine Hill was situated amid rolling hills and green forests, with little streams that fed one of the nearby lakes. The plantation had a large stately mansion painted green and white and which stood in a grove of pines. The mansion was surrounded by gardens of roses and a variety of shrubbery as well as lawns. Thoroughbred Kentucky horses, cows from Alderney and Guernsey grazed on some land. To the east of the mansion were the slaves' cabins. The plantation also had a 24-foot, one room business office with several windows and a fireplace used by Dr. Bradford. This office also served as a hospital for the sick and wounded Confederate soldiers.
The owner
Dr. Edward Bradford was born August 2, 1798, and was a descendant of Oliver Cromwell. Edward Bradford took turns with their brothers, Richard, Thomas and William in hosting an annual holiday celebration, for the slave populations of Water Oak Plantation, Walnut Hill Plantation, and Edgewood Plantation every 4 July. This included a massive barbecue and, when held at Water Oak, fishing parties on Lake Iamonia. No whites were allowed to partake of or interfere with these festivities. Records from 1840 to 1866 show transactions with commission merchants and New York cotton brokers evidence that a prosperous business was transacted at Pine Hill.
Dr. Edward Bradford was a signee to the Southern Rights Association of Centreville District on secession from the Union for "the protection of Southern interests and the vindication of Southern rights to preserve and protect the Constitution in its purity as the basis of Federal compact, and the only foundation on which the Union of the States was made, or on which that Union should be preserved."
Dr. Edward Bradford would go on to establish Horseshoe Plantation east of Lake Iamonia. Edward Bradford died in 1871. This area of plantations would later be known as Bradfordville.
References
Bradford Genealogy (Crowell)
Through Some Eventful Years
Rootsweb Plantations
Largest Slaveholders from 1860 Slave Census Schedules
Paisley, Clifton; From Cotton To Quail, University of Florida Press, c1968.
Plantations in Leon County, Florida
Cotton plantations in Florida
Slave cabins and quarters in the United States
Deaths in FIA World Rally Championship
Deaths in Dakar Rally
Deaths in SCCA ProRally and Rally America
Deaths in European Rally Championship
Deaths in European National Series and National Rallies
Deaths in African Rally Championship and African Rallies
Deaths in Oceanian National Series and National Rallies
Deaths in other rally races
XU Lang, Trans-oriental Rally, 16 June 2008
Johnny Moacdieh, Rally of Lebanon, 18 June 1995
References
Lists of motorsport fatalities
Rallying
The enzyme dimethylpropiothetin dethiomethylase (EC 4.4.1.3) catalyzes the chemical reaction
S,S-dimethyl-β-propiothetin dimethyl sulfide + acrylate
This enzyme belongs to the family of lyases, specifically the class of carbon-sulfur lyases. The systematic name of this enzyme class is S,S-dimethyl-β-propiothetin dimethyl-sulfide-lyase (acrylate-forming). Other names in common use include desulfhydrase, and ''S,S''-dimethyl-beta-propiothetin dimethyl-sulfide-lyase.
References
EC 4.4.1
Enzymes of unknown structure
The Pro-Life Alliance of Gays and Lesbians (PLAGAL) is a United States-based interest group opposed to legalized elective abortion and supportive of alternatives to abortion.
The group was founded by Tom Sena in 1990 in Minneapolis, Minnesota, and Washington, D.C., under the name "Gays Against Abortion". The name was changed to "Pro-Life Alliance of Gays and Lesbians" in early 1991. Despite both names, the group is inclusive of all LGBT people, and straight allies. Its first President was Philip Arcidi, who was elected in 1994.
Positions
PLAGAL has pointed to some research that shows a link between abortion and breast cancer that has generally been rejected by the medical community. They have also taken the position that even if a woman is infected with HIV they should not abort the fetus because there are ways to prevent the transmission of the virus from the mother. They support expanding access to antiretroviral drugs for all people who need such treatment, including pregnant women and their fetuses. In March 2005, PLAGAL came out in support of legislation introduced by Maine state legislator Brian Duprey, which assuming that science would discover a significant genetic component to homosexuality, would make it illegal for a woman to selectively abort a fetus based on predicted sexual orientation.
Reaction from the gay community
Since the religious right is perceived as dominating the anti-abortion movement, LGBT supporters of legal abortion care question why any LGBT person would want to align themselves with a social movement that has traditionally opposed not only legalized abortion, but often also LGBT rights.
LGBT opponents of legal abortion counter that their beliefs on abortion derive from beliefs regarding nonviolence, human rights, and the interconnectedness of human rights. Although some PLAGAL members are otherwise conservative, they span the entire political spectrum. PLAGAL President Cecilia Brown, for example, is a member of the Green Party. Another national officer, Jackie Malone, is outspoken on disability rights.
As early as 1994, Chuck Volz, co-founder of the now-defunct Delaware Valley PLAGAL chapter, started a row in the local gay media when they condemned the sponsors of the Philadelphia AIDS walk for diverting "crucial funds" to assist in the abortion of HIV positive children.
Most of the debate within the gay and lesbian community remains peaceful, if not always civil. However, in 1995 PLAGAL applied for participation in Boston's annual Pride parade and was denied. PLAGAL set up a table along the parade route, where members distributed literature. During the parade, the table was surrounded by angry hecklers who tore up PLAGAL's leaflets, leading to police asking PLAGAL to leave the parade area to restore order.
At the 2000 Millennium March for Equality, major gay rights interest groups such as the Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation and the Human Rights Campaign endorsed pro-choice public policies, despite the protests from PLAGAL.
Reactions from the anti-abortion community
The reaction from the anti-abortion community is divided. Some opponents of legal abortion see their position as part of a more secular, human rights position and sent letters of support for PLAGAL. Some of these individuals and organisations affiliate their opposition to abortion as part of a consistent life ethic. Others see the struggle against abortion in more pragmatic terms and welcomed the support of PLAGAL, without care for their positions on other issues.
Still other abortion opponents that see their position as part of a broader conservative religious movement, opposed the inclusion of an LGBT organization at anti-abortion events. The Catholic University of America in Washington, D.C., denied a request to allow PLAGAL to cosponsor an anti-abortion conference in January 2009, citing the group's support for same-sex marriage and condoning of homosexual sexual activity.
References
External links
Anti-abortion organizations in the United States
Organizations established in 1990
LGBT organizations in the United States
LGBT conservatism in the United States
Munting Anghel (International title: Little Angel) is a 2000 Philippine television drama series broadcast by GMA Network. The series is the fourth installment of GMA Mini-Series. Directed by Louie Ignacio, it stars Isabella de Leon in the title role. It premiered on September 4, 2000 replacing Umulan Man o Umaraw. The series concluded on November 27, 2000 with a total of 13 episodes. It was replaced by Tuwing Kapiling Ka in its timeslot.
Cast and characters
Lead cast
Isabella de Leon as Angelina
Supporting cast
Antoinette Taus as Florence
Wendell Ramos as Enrico
Glydel Mercado as Monica
Matthew Mendoza as Edward
Daisy Reyes as Trinidad
Gary Estrada as Jose
Bing Loyzaga as Ms. Elvira
Cheska Garcia as Abby
Alicia Alonzo as Lily
Eva Darren as Intiang
Raymond Bagatsing as Rigor
Ana Capri as Agnes
Jackie Forster as Sylvia
John Apacible as Arturo
Kristal Moreno as Stefany
Empress Schuck as Bubbles
References
2000 Philippine television series debuts
2000 Philippine television series endings
Filipino-language television shows
GMA Network drama series
Television shows set in the Philippines
A Pagan Storm is the second full-length album by the German Viking / pagan metal band Wolfchant. It was released on April 6, 2007 through CCP Records.
Track listing
"Growing Storms" – 1:55
"A Pagan Storm" – 4:55
"The Path" – 3:59
"Midnight Gathering" – 3:31
"A Wolfchant From the Mountain Side" – 5:06
"Guardians of the Forest" – 3:28
"Winter Hymn" – 6:50
"Stärkend Trunk Aus Feindes Schädel" – 5:44
"Voran" – 5:27
"Feuerbringer (Loki's Zankrede)" – 4:31
"The Axe, the Sword, the Wind and a Wolf" – 5:12
Credits
Lokhi – vocals
Nattulv – bass
Skaahl – guitar
Derrmorh – guitar
Norgahd – drums, keyboard, vocals
2007 albums
Wolfchant albums
Sir Hans Heysen (8 October 18772 July 1968) was a German-born Australian artist. They became a household name for their watercolours of monumental Australian gum trees.  They are one of Australia's best known landscape painters. Heysen also produced images of men and animals toiling in the Australian bush, as well as groundbreaking depictions of arid landscapes in the Flinders Ranges. They won the Wynne Prize for landscape painting a record nine times.
Biography
Wilhelm Ernst Hans Franz Heysen was born in Hamburg, Germany. They migrated to Adelaide in South Australia with their family in 1884 at the age of 7. As a young boy Heysen showed an early interest in art. At 14 they left school to work with a hardware merchant, later studying art during nights at Art School in their spare time, under James Ashton. They joined the Adelaide Easel Club in 1897 and was immediately recognized as a rising talent.
At age 20 they were sponsored by a group of wealthy Adelaide art enthusiasts H. H. Wigg and brothers-in-law W. L. Davidson, and F. A. Joyner, and miner Charles Henry de Rose to study art for four years in France.
By 1912 Hans Heysen had earned enough from their art to purchase a property called "The Cedars" near Hahndorf in the Adelaide Hills, which remained as their home until their death in 1968 aged 90. Hans Heysen is best remembered for their remarkable paintings depicting sheep and cattle among massive gum trees against a background of stunning atmospheric effects of light.
Family
Heysen married Selma Bartels (1878–1962) on 15 December 1904. Them father was Adolph H. F. Bartels, a former Mayor of Adelaide.
Their daughter Nora Heysen was also a successful artist.
Wynne Prize
Heysen won the Wynne Prize nine times. Their winning works were:
1904 – Mystic Morn
1909 – Summer (watercolour)
1911 – Hauling Timber
1920 – Toilers (watercolour)
1922 – The Quarry (watercolour)
1924 – Afternoon in Autumn (watercolour)
1926 – Farmyard, Frosty Morning
1931 – Red Gums of the Far North (watercolour)
1932 – Brachina Gorge
Recognition
In 1945, they were appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire for service as trustee of the Hobart National Gallery
In 1959, they were made a Knight Bachelor for service to art
The Heysen Trail and Heysen Tunnels were named after Heysen
The Electoral district of Heysen in the Parliament of South Australia is named after Heysen
See also
Australian art
References
External links
article at the Australian Dictionary of Biography
education kit at the National Gallery of Victoria
The three gums – Ballarat Fine Art Gallery
1877 births
1968 deaths
German emigrants to Australia
People from Adelaide
Australian Knights Bachelor
Australian Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Wynne Prize winners
20th-century Australian painters
20th-century Australian male artists
Australian male painters
Vinnie Roslin (1946-2012) was an American bassist who was an original member of Steel Mill, an early Bruce Springsteen band. Other members of band included three future members of the E Street Band - Vini Lopez, Danny Federici and Steve Van Zandt.
Early years
Roslin grew up in and around the Howell Township and the Freehold Borough areas of Monmouth County, New Jersey. In late 1964, then aged 17, together with George Theiss (rhythm guitar, vocals), Bart Haynes (drums, vocals) and Mike DeLuise (lead guitar), they formed a band called The Sierras. They spent most of their short life in rehearsal and in early 1965 Roslin quit this band to join The Motifs with Walter Cichon (lead vocals) and Murray Bauer. Theiss and Haynes would later go on to form The Castiles and in June 1965 they were joined in that band by Bruce Springsteen. The Motifs were managed by Norman Seldin, a local musician–entrepreneur whose own band, The Joyful Noyze, included Clarence Clemons. Under the management of Seldin, The Motifs released at least two singles which became local hits. "Molly" and "If I Gave You Love" were both released by Seldin's own label, Selsom Records. In 2008 both songs were reissued on an anthology, Asbury Park - Then And Now, put together by Seldin. The Motifs also opened for bands such as The Young Rascals and The Duprees. Roslin would continue to play with The Motifs until they were 21. They split up when Walter Cichon was conscripted. Cichon, together with Bart Haynes, one of Roslin's earlier bandmates, were both killed while serving in Vietnam.
Steel Mill
Roslin met Bruce Springsteen and Vini Lopez for the first time on April 22, 1966, when Norman Seldin organized a battle of the bands competition at the Matawan-Keyport Roller Drome in Matawan, New Jersey. Roslin was one of the judges while Springsteen and Lopez competed in the competition with their respective bands, The Castiles and Sonny & The Starfires. In February 1969, following the breakup of The Motifs, Roslin got together with Springsteen, Lopez and Danny Federici at The Upstage on 702 Cookman Avenue in Asbury Park, New Jersey and formed a new band. They initially played as Child, but in November 1969 changed their name to Steel Mill to avoid confusion with another band.
The highlight of Roslin's time with the band came in early 1970 when Steel Mill visited San Francisco and performed at The Matrix and Fillmore West, playing on the same bill as Elvin Bishop, Boz Scaggs and Grin. On February 22, they also recorded a three-song demo at the Pacific Recording Studio in San Mateo, California for Bill Graham. Graham had just formed Fillmore Records and actually offered Steel Mill a contract. However the band rejected it. Shortly after returning from San Francisco, Roslin left Steel Mill. They played their last gig with the band at the Virginia Commonwealth University on February 28, 1970, and they were subsequently replaced by Steve Van Zandt.
Later years
Since leaving Steel Mill, Roslin has played in several other Jersey Shore bands. They initially joined a reformed motif before playing in Maddog & The Shakes with Vini Lopez and Ricky DeSarno (lead guitar). The Shakes based their sound on Motown and Memphis and have been described as "one of the great unsigned Asbury Park bands of the mid-1970s". They later played with The George Theiss Band and in 1987 they teamed up again with Lopez in J.P. Gotrock. By 1998 they were playing with Red Bank Boogie which was then reformed as Blue Plate Special in late 2000. Roslin formed both bands with their girlfriend Robin Roselle. They regularly sat in at the local Blues jams and performed with local Blues bands such as Nine Below Zero.
Death
Roslin died in February 2012 from complications related to heart surgery.
Discography
Blue Plate Special: Cookin'
Stormin' Norman & Friends: Asbury Park - Then And Now (2008)
References
1940s births
American rock bass guitarists
American male bass guitarists
2012 deaths
People from Freehold Borough, New Jersey
People from Howell Township, New Jersey
Guitarists from New Jersey
Jersey Shore musicians
20th-century American bass guitarists
20th-century American male musicians
Yeşildere is a village in the Gölhisar district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Gölhisar District
DCA may refer to:
Computers
Document Content Architecture, an IBM document standard
Dynamic Channel Allocation/Assignment, in wireless networks
DTS Coherent Acoustics in DTS (sound system)
Military
Defence Cyber Agency, a tri-service command of the Indian Armed Forces
Defense Communications Agency, former name of US Defense Information Systems Agency
Defensive counter air (Défense contre les aéronefs), French term for air defense
Deputy Commandant for Aviation, principle advisor on all aviation matters in the United States Marine Corps
Organizations
California Department of Consumer Affairs
Department for Constitutional Affairs of the UK government, 2003-2007
DCA Design International Ltd
Department of Civil Aviation (Australia)
Department of Civil Aviation (Thailand)
Digital Communications Associates, US company
Diyanet Center of America, Lanham, Maryland
Drum Corps Associates, a governing body of drum corps in North America
Dundee Contemporary Arts, Scotland
Namibia Directorate of Civil Aviation
Christian Democracy for the Autonomies, a former political party in Italy
Science and technology
Detrended correspondence analysis, a statistical technique
Dichloroacetic acid / dichloroacetate, an organic acid
Dichloroethanes, organic solvents
Digitally-controlled amplifier
Direct coupling analysis, a method for analyzing sequence data in computational biology
Television, film, and music
Distributors Corporation of America, American film distribution company (1952-1959)
Transportation
Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport, Arlington County, Virginia, US, IATA code
Dutch Caribbean Airlines, former Netherlands Antilles airline
Other uses
Direct corporate access, part of UK Faster Payments Service
Dollar cost averaging, an investment strategy
Disney California Adventure, Anaheim, California, US
Debt Collection Agency, companies specialized in pursuing payments of debts
Barbara Imperiali (b. January 1, 1957) is a Professor of Biology and Chemistry at Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Affiliate Member of the Broad Institute.  They are an elected member of the National Academy of Sciences and a Fellow of the Royal Society of Chemistry.
Education and early career
Imperiali was raised in England and attended the Southbank School in Caterham in Surrey, followed by Coloma Grammar School in Croydon where they specialized in studying the sciences. They received their Bachelor of Science in Medicinal Chemistry from the University College London in 1979. They attended Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where they received their Doctor of Philosophy in synthetic organic chemistry in 1983. They joined the lab of Satoru Masamune, working to develop and apply new techniques to synthesize a class of antibiotic chemicals known as ansamycin. As a postdoc in the Masamune lab they worked with the enzyme beta-ketothiolase.
They did additional postdoctoral research at Brandeis University in the laboratory of Robert Abeles, where they received training in chemical biology designing, synthesizing, and evaluating peptide-based protease inhibitors.
Research
In 1986, Imperiali became an Assistant Professor at Carnegie Mellon University before moving their laboratory to California Institute of Technology in 1989. While at Caltech, they were influenced by the research of Dennis Dougherty, who was applying unnatural amino acid mutagenesis to understand interactions of ligand-gated membrane channels and receptors. Imperiali's work became focused on problems at the chemistry–biology interface, using chemistry to better understand the structure and function of proteins in vivo.
In 1999, they returned to MIT as the Ellen Swallow Richards Professor of Biology. Them research program is focused on protein glycosylation, a process by which a carbohydrate is added to a protein to change its structure or function. Them lab has developed techniques to track and understand how glycosylation at the time of protein production—a process known as translation—affects protein folding and conformation. Applying techniques such as Fluorescence Resonance Energy Transfer and nuclear magnetic resonance, they have elucidated how glycosylation might protect proteins against misfolding and how it affects folding mechanics and thermodynamic stability.
In addition to studying glycosylation, Imperiali has also led investigations into how to design, develop, and apply chemical approaches to understand and manipulate biochemical processes for a variety of applications. Them group has collaborated to develop a fluorescence-based method to detect phosphorylation of peptides and proteins to monitor the activity of kinases, which are enzymes that catalyze phosphorylation and coordinate a vast array of cellular activities. This method can be applied to screen for protein kinase inhibitors and monitor their activities in cells and tissues, enabling tracking of signaling pathways and providing a potential diagnostic tool for diseases like cancers that may result from disrupted kinase-mediated regulation.
They have also authored the textbook Chemical Glycobiology.
Awards and honors
Elected Member, National Academy of Sciences, 2010
Fellow of the Royal Society of Chemistry, 2006
Breslow Award for Achievement, American Chemical Society, 2006
Fellow, American Academy of Arts and Sciences, 2001
Sloan Research Fellowship, 2003
References
British scientists
1957 births
Massachusetts Institute of Technology School of Science alumni
Massachusetts Institute of Technology School of Science faculty
British chemists
California Institute of Technology faculty
Carnegie Mellon University faculty
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
Living people
Vindegghallet Glacier () is a glacier flowing west for 4 nautical miles (7 km) along the south side of Mount Flanuten in the Humboldt Mountains of Queen Maud Land. Discovered and photographed by the German Antarctic Expedition, 1938–39. Mapped by Norway from air photos and surveys by Norwegian Antarctic Expedition, 1956–60, and named Vindegghallet (the wind ridge slope) in association with nearby Vindegga Spur.
See also
List of glaciers in the Antarctic
Glaciology
References
Glaciers of Queen Maud Land
Humboldt Mountains (Antarctica)
Ashby, Norfolk may be a reference to a couple of places in the English county of Norfolk:
the hamlet of Ashby, part of the parish of Ashby with Oby
the village of Ashby St Mary
Rosemary Ellis née Collinson (1910–1998) was a British artist, graphic designer and teacher known for their poster and book jacket designs.
Biography
Ellis was born in London and from 1927 to 1931 attended the art school of the Regent Street Polytechnic in central London. At art school they met their husband, Clifford Ellis, the couple married in 1931 and would frequently collaborate on art projects together. During the 1930s they produced more than twenty posters for London Transport, often using surrealist motifs, such as in the 1937 poster Travels in time on your doorstep. They also designed posters for the General Post Office, BP, the Empire Marketing Board plus a series of 16 lithographs for J Lyons & Co restaurants. Starting in 1934 they designed the 'Professions' series of posters for Shell-Mex & BP including, for example, Anglers Prefer Shell. They also worked together on book jackets, murals and mosaics, signing their work with the monogram C&RE to reflect their joint and equal involvement.
From 1938 onwards, Rosemary Ellis taught art at the Royal School for Daughters of Officers of the Army in Bath while Clifford Ellis held a succession of posts at the Bath Academy of Art, where Rosemary would also teach a variety of subjects. During World War Two, Rosemary worked for the Recording Britain project, depicting architectural scenes in Bath. In 1946 the Ellises designed the entrance and a mural to the Britain Can Make It exhibition at the Victoria & Albert Museum. Between 1945 and 1982 they designed a total of 86 covers and dust jackets for the New Naturalist series of books and monographs published by Collins.
The British Museum, the London Transport Museum and the Victoria & Albert Museum hold examples of Ellis' designs. The Victoria Art Gallery and Bath Record Office hold archives of Ellis' papers and designs.
References
External links
Works by Rosemary and Clifford Ellis in the London Transport Museum collection
1910 births
1998 deaths
20th-century English painters
20th-century English women artists
Alumni of the Regent Street Polytechnic
Artists from London
British poster artists
English illustrators
English women painters
Sikkal is a small township located between Thiruvarur and Nagapattinam in Tamil Nadu, India. It is 6 km west of Nagapattinam, 18 km east of Thiruvarur. It is famous for its Murugan temple, and one of the most popular festivals is the Sura Samhaaram.
Singaravelan Temple
Navaneetheswarar Temple
References
Villages in Nagapattinam district
Soldiers Chapel is a non-denominational Christian memorial chapel in Big Sky, Gallatin County, Montana, USA, dedicated in 1955 by the Nelson Story family in tribute to a fallen family member of the 163rd Infantry Regiment. The regiment was part of the Montana National Guard during World War II. Open daily from Memorial Day through Labor Day, with services at 11 a.m. on Sundays, the chapel is popular for special events such as weddings. The chapel is at an elevation of .
History
The 163rd Infantry Regiment was sent to New Guinea in early 1942 to help prevent the Japanese from invading Australia. One of the regiment's major combat actions was the Battle of Buna-Gona. In addition to deaths and wounds from combat, diseases such as malaria, dengue fever, scrub typhus, and blackwater fever were a major concern. Virtually every member of the unit eventually caught a jungle disease, was wounded, or died.
One of the officers in the regiment was Colonel Nelson Story, III, a resident of Bozeman, Montana, and descendant of Nelson Story, a noted Montana pioneer and land benefactor of Montana State University – Bozeman. The colonel's son, Nelson Story, IV, died in combat early in the war. The colonel donated the land, drew the basic design, wrote the charter, and donated most of the money for the chapel. Soldiers Chapel is dedicated to both the regiment and to Nelson Story, IV. About twenty veterans of the regiment attended 50th anniversary celebrations of the chapel on 29 May 2005. A memorial plaque near the front door lists all the members of the regiment who died in the war. The plaque cites "Those immortal soldiers of the 163rd Infantry who, with courage and devotion, died in pain defending their country and the cause of freedom for all men." The stained glass, created by Associated Crafts-Willet-Hauser Architectural Glass of Winona, MN in the front door shows the hand of God reaching down to a wounded soldier on a tropical beach. The motif was designed by regimental veteran Sergeant Jack C. Gunter.
Pastors from many denominations provide services at the church. In a 1955 letter about the chapel, Colonel Story wrote: "splinter sects, itinerant prophets, hillbilly Bible thumpers and the self-anointed" were to be avoided and that "groups which harbor conscientious objectors or refuse to salute the flag" should be excluded because giving them access "would be a grave affront to the memory of those to whom the chapel will be dedicated." The first baby baptized in the chapel was Mikel Kallestad, a grandson of the colonel. This occurred on January 6, 1956, with of snow on the ground. Dozens of regimental veterans and locals are buried in the graveyard, which is adorned by a buffalo skull painted with the regimental crest. Now full, the cemetery includes the cenotaph of Chet Huntley, the NBC newscaster who was instrumental in founding the nearby Big Sky Resort. Story/Kallestad family members still own the land between the chapel and Lone Mountain, which will not be developed. Lone Mountain is viewable through the window behind the altar.
The chapel is one of the oldest structures in Big Sky but has no membership roll. Montana artist Jim Dick used the chapel as the subject for a Thanksgiving 2002 lithograph which was part of their "Montana Series".
References
External links
A 1950s/1960s tax case involving Soldiers Chapel
History of the Story family
Christian organizations established in 1955
Churches in Montana
20th-century churches in the United States
Churches completed in 1955
Buildings and structures in Gallatin County, Montana
1955 establishments in Montana
Elliot Anderson (born 6 November 2002) is a professional footballer who plays for Premier League club Newcastle United as a midfielder. Born in England and of Scottish descent, Anderson has represented both countries at a youth international level.
Early life
Anderson hails from Whitley Bay, Tyne and Wear. Their maternal grandfather, Geoff Allen, played as an outside-left for Newcastle United from 1964 to 1968.
Club career
Newcastle United
Anderson first joined Newcastle United at the age of eight having previously been at Wallsend Boys Club and signed their first professional contract with the club in November 2019, signing another long-term deal a year later on their eighteenth birthday. On 9 January 2021, Anderson made their first-team debut in a 2–0 defeat to Arsenal in the third round of the FA Cup. On 18 January, Anderson made their Premier League debut against the same opposition in a 3–0 defeat, as an 87th-minute substitute.
Bristol Rovers (loan)
On 31 January 2022, Anderson joined League Two side Bristol Rovers on loan until the end of the 2021–22 season. They made their debut on 5 February, impressing off of the bench in a 1–1 draw at Sutton United. Anderson opened their account for the club, scoring the first league goal of their career, with the second in a 4–0 away win at Stevenage before assisting namesake Harry Anderson for the third four minutes later in a performance that was rated 9/10 by local media outlet Bristol Live. Following a 1–0 victory over Colchester United in which Anderson scored the only goal of the game, their third goal for the club and scoring for a second consecutive match, manager and former Newcastle midfielder Joey Barton compared Anderson's style of play to that of Diego Maradona. Anderson was awarded the League Two Goal of the Month award for March 2022 for their impressive solo run and finish against Harrogate Town, receiving 50% of the public vote. On 7 May 2022, Anderson was awarded the EFL Young Player of the Month Award for April 2022 after three goals and two assists in six matches left Rovers close to an automatic promotion spot, later winning the EFL League Two Player of the Month Award too. That same day, the final league match of the season, Anderson scored Rovers' final goal in the 85th minute of a 7–0 thrashing of Scunthorpe United, this goal moving Rovers above Northampton Town on a goal scored basis into the final automatic promotion spot, the club returning to League One at the first time of asking.
Return to Newcastle and breakthrough
On 21 September 2022, Anderson's breakthrough into the first-team was rewarded with a new long-term contract.
International career
Born in England, Anderson is of Scottish descent with a grandmother on their fathers side born in Glasgow and later residing in Whitley Bay. They were a youth international for Scotland at U16, U17 & U18 level. They switched their allegiance back to England in March 2021, making their debut in a friendly against Arsenal U23s on 27 March 2021. Anderson was selected in the Scotland under-21 squad in November 2021. Anderson received a second call-up for the Scotland U21 squad in March 2022, instead opting to remain with their loan club Bristol Rovers. Anderson made their Scotland under-21 debut on 5 June as they held group leaders Belgium to a 0–0 draw.
Career statistics
Honours
Bristol Rovers
EFL League Two third-place promotion: 2021–22
Individual
League Two Goal of the Month: March 2022
EFL Young Player of the Month: April 2022
EFL League Two Player of the Month: April 2022
References
External links
ScottishFA Profile
2002 births
Living people
People from Whitley Bay
Scottish footballers
Scotland under-21 international footballers
Scotland youth international footballers
English footballers
England youth international footballers
English people of Scottish descent
Association football midfielders
Wallsend Boys Club players
Newcastle United F.C. players
Bristol Rovers F.C. players
Premier League players
English Football League players
The Port Washington Parking District (also known as the Port Washington Public Parking District) is a special public parking district in Nassau County, on Long Island, in New York, United States. It serves the Greater Port Washington area of Long Island's North Shore and is operated by the Town of North Hempstead.
History
The Port Washington Parking District was established by the Town of North Hempstead in 1948, with the purpose of establishing, maintaining, and regulating parking facilities and parking meters in Port Washington's downtown area, such as for local commuters using the Port Washington Long Island Rail Road station, shoppers, and merchants.
For the construction of several of the lots, most notably between the 1940s and 1960s, the Port Washington Parking District used eminent domain to acquire several of the lots needed for the parking facilities.
In 1959, the district opened its main commuter parking lot at the Port Washington LIRR station, with enough parking spaces for 411 cars. The construction of this lot more than doubled the commuter parking capacity at the station; its construction required land swaps between the Town of North Hempstead and the Long Island Rail Road, and the rail freight depot was relocated roughly from its original location for its construction.
In 1969, the boundaries of the district were expanded, taking in several incorporated villages surrounding the hamlet of Port Washington (Baxter Estates, Flower Hill, Manorhaven, Port Washington North, and Sands Point). As a result of the expansion, legislation was enacted limiting parking at the Port Washington LIRR station to residents of the parking district.
As of 2022, the Port Washington Parking District operates 12 lots, some of which require residential permits exclusively available to district residents or merchants between certain hours and on certain days (specifically the commuter and merchant lots).
Communities served
Baxter Estates
Flower Hill
Manorhaven
Port Washington
Port Washington North
Plandome Manor
Sands Point
See also
Port Washington Water Pollution Control District
References
External links
Official website
Special districts of New York (state)
Special districts in Nassau County, New York
Long Island
Nassau County, New York
Parking by city
Town of North Hempstead, New York
Heliopolis (I͗wnw, Iunu or 𓉺𓏌𓊖; , 'the Pillars'; ; ) was a major city of ancient Egypt. It was the capital of the 13th or Heliopolite Nome of Lower Egypt and a major religious centre. It is now located in Ayn Shams, a northeastern suburb of Cairo.
Heliopolis was one of the oldest cities of ancient Egypt, occupied since the Predynastic Period. It greatly expanded under the Old and Middle Kingdoms but is today mostly destroyed, its temples and other buildings having been scavenged for the construction of medieval Cairo. Most information about the ancient city comes from surviving records.
The major surviving remnant of Heliopolis is the obelisk of the Temple of Ra-Atum erected by Senusret I of Dynasty XII. It still stands in its original position, now within Al-Masalla in Al-Matariyyah, Cairo. The high red granite obelisk weighs 120 tons (240,000 lbs) and is believed to be the oldest surviving obelisk in the world. The Romans took the Obelisk of Montecitorio to the city to Rome, under Augustus, where it remains. The two smaller obelisks called Cleopatra's Needle, in London and New York, also came from the city.
Names
Heliopolis is the Latinised form of the Greek name Hēlioúpolis (), meaning "City of the Sun". Helios, the personified and deified form of the sun, was identified by the Greeks with the native Egyptian gods Ra and Atum, whose principal cult was located in the city.
Its native name was ("The Pillars"), whose exact pronunciation is uncertain because ancient Egyptian recorded only consonantal values. Its traditional Egyptological transcription is Iunu but it appears in biblical Hebrew as ʾŌn (, ), and ʾĀwen () leading some scholars to reconstruct its pronunciation in earlier Egyptian as *ʔa:wnu, perhaps from older /ja:wunaw/. Variant transcriptions include Awnu and Annu. The name survived as Coptic Ōn.
The city also appears in the Old Kingdom Pyramid Texts as the "House of Ra".
History
Ancient
In ancient Egypt, Heliopolis was a regional center from predynastic times.
It was principally notable as the cult center of the sun god Atum, who came to be identified with Ra and then Horus. The primary temple of the city was known as the Great House ( or Per Aat, *Par ʻĀʼat) or House of Atum ( or Per Atum, *Par-ʼAtāma; , Pithom). Its priests maintained that Atum or Ra was the first being, rising self-created from the primeval waters. A decline in the importance of Ra's cult during Dynasty V led to the development of the Ennead, a grouping of nine major Egyptian deities that placed the others in subordinate status to Ra–Atum. The high priests of Ra are not as well documented as those of other deities, although the high priests of Dynasty VI (BC) have been discovered and excavated. During the Amarna Period of Dynasty XVIII, Pharaoh Akhenaten introduced a kind of henotheistic worship of Aten, the deified solar disc. As part of their construction projects, they built a Heliopolitan temple named "Elevating Aten" ( or Wetjes Aten), whose stones can still be seen in some of the gates of Cairo's medieval city wall. The cult of the Mnevis bull, another embodiment of the Sun, had its altar here as well. The bulls' formal burial ground was situated north of the city.
The store-city Pithom is mentioned once in the Hebrew Bible (Exodus 1:11), and according to one theory, this was Heliopolis.
Hellenistic
Alexander the Great, on their march from Pelusium to Memphis, halted at this city.
The temple of Ra was said to have been, to a special degree, a depository for royal records, and Herodotus states that the priests of Heliopolis were the best informed in matters of history of all the Egyptians. Heliopolis flourished as a seat of learning during the Greek period; the schools of philosophy and astronomy are claimed to have been frequented by Orpheus, Homer, Pythagoras, Plato, Solon, and other Greek philosophers. Ichonuphys was lecturing there in 308 BC, and the Greek mathematician Eudoxus, who was one of their pupils, learned from them the true length of the year and month, upon which they formed their octaeterid, or period of 8 years or 99 months. Ptolemy II had Manetho, the chief priest of Heliopolis, collect their history of the ancient kings of Egypt from its archives. The later Ptolemies probably took little interest in their "father" Ra, and Alexandria had eclipsed the learning of Heliopolis; thus with the withdrawal of royal favour Heliopolis quickly dwindled, and the students of native lore deserted it for other temples supported by a wealthy population of pious citizens. By the first century BC, in fact, Strabo found the temples deserted, and the town itself almost uninhabited, although priests were still present.
Heliopolis was well known to the ancient Greeks and Romans, being noted by most major geographers of the period, including Ptolemy, Herodotus, and others, down to the Byzantine geographer Stephanus of Byzantium.
Roman
In Roman Egypt, Heliopolis belonged to the province Augustamnica, causing it to appear as when it needed to be distinguished from Roman Heliopolis. Its population probably contained a considerable Arabian element. Many of the city's obelisks were removed to adorn more northern cities of the Delta and Rome. Two of these eventually became London's Cleopatra's Needle and its twin in New York's Central Park.
Islamic
During the Middle Ages, the growth of Fustat and Cairo only a few kilometres away caused its ruins to be massively scavenged for building materials, including for their city walls. The site became known as the "Eye of the Sun" (Ayn Shams) and ʻArab al-Ḥiṣn.
Legacy
The importance of the solar cult at Heliopolis is reflected in both ancient pagan and current monotheistic beliefs. Egyptian and Greco-Roman mythology held that the bennu or phoenix brought the ashes of its predecessor to the altar of the sun god at Heliopolis each time it was reborn. In the Hebrew's scriptures, Heliopolis is referenced directly and obliquely, usually in reference to its prominent pagan cult. In their prophecies against Egypt, Isaiah claimed the "City of the Sun" (Ir ha Shemesh) would be one of the five Egyptian cities to follow the Lord of Heaven's army and speak Hebrew. Jeremiah and Ezekiel mention the "House of the Sun" (Beth Shemesh) and Ôn, claiming Nebuchadnezzar of Babylon would shatter its obelisks and burn its temple and that its "young men of Folly" (Aven) would "fall by the sword".
The "Syrian Heliopolis" Baalbek has been claimed to have gained its solar cult from a priest colony emigrating from Egypt.
Heliopolis in Augustamnica remains a titular see of both the Roman Catholic Church and the Eastern Orthodox Church.
Present site
The ancient city is currently located about below the streets of the middle- and lower-class suburbs of Al-Matariyyah, Ain Shams, and Tel Al-Hisn in northern Cairo. The area is about west of the modern suburb which bears its name.
Some ancient city walls of crude brick can be seen in the fields, a few granite blocks bearing the name of Ramesses II remain, and the position of the great Temple of Ra-Atum is marked by the Al-Masalla obelisk. Archaeologists excavated some of its tombs in 2004. In 2017, parts of a colossal statue of Psamtik I were found and excavated.
See also
List of ancient Egyptian towns and cities
Other Heliopolises, particularly
Heliopolis, the 20th-century suburb of Cairo
Ilioupoli, the 20th-century suburb of Athens settled by Egyptian Greeks
Ancient Egyptian creation myths – in reference to the religious belief system of Iunu at Heliopolis
List of Egyptian dynasties – in reference to the reigns centered at Heliopolis
Benben
Notes
References
Citations
Bibliography
Allen, James P. 2001. "Heliopolis". In The Oxford Encyclopedia of Ancient Egypt, edited by Donald Bruce Redford. Vol. 2 of 3 vols. Oxford, New York, and Cairo: Oxford University Press and The American University in Cairo Press. 88–89
Bilolo, Mubabinge. 1986. Les cosmo-théologies philosophiques d'Héliopolis et d'Hermopolis. Essai de thématisation et de systématisation, (Academy of African Thought, Sect. I, vol. 2), Kinshasa–Munich 1987; new ed., Munich-Paris, 2004.
Reallexikon der Ägyptischen Religionsgeschichte - Hans Bonnet
Collier, Mark and Manley, Bill. How to Read Egyptian Hieroglyphs: Revised Edition. Berkeley: University of California Press, 1998.
The Routledge Dictionary of Egyptian Gods and Goddesses, George Hart
Redford, Donald Bruce. 1992. "Heliopolis". In The Anchor Bible Dictionary, edited by David Noel Freedman. Vol. 3 of 6 vols. New York: Doubleday. 122–123
External links
Obelisk of Psametik II from Heliopolis, removed and reerected by Augustus in Rome
Cities in ancient Egypt
Roman sites in Egypt
Archaeological sites in Egypt
Former populated places in Egypt
Hebrew Bible cities
Nile Delta
History of Cairo
Tells (archaeology)
Kompakt: Total 4 or Total 4 is the fourth installment, released on 23 July 2002, of the influential Cologne-based microhouse label Kompakt's annual compilation of vinyl releases and exclusives from its biggest artists and most promising newcomers. All tracks on the vinyl edition are previously unreleased. The CD edition includes most of the tracks from the vinyl edition, and additionally some songs which were at the time of release already available on 12-inch format. (Superpitcher covers a song from Brian Eno's 1974 solo debut Here Come the Warm Jets.)
Track listing : Vinyl Edition
A1 Autobianchi – "All Around (Everybody's Kissing)" (6:22)
A2 Freiland – "Frei" (5:40)
B1 Jürgen Paape – "Mit Dir" (4:37)
B2 Schaeben & Voss – "I Was A Train" (3:35)
B3 Thomas Fehlmann – "Autopilot" (3:53)
C1 Reinhard Voigt – "Die Andere" (6:17)
C2 Justus Köhncke – "Station 18" (5:59)
D1 M. Mayer – "Falling Hands" (5:54)
D2 Superpitcher – "Baby's On Fire" (6:58)
Tracks B2 and B3 are exclusive to vinyl version. Tracks A1 and D2 are shortened on the CD.
Track listing : CD Edition
Thomas Fehlmann – "Making It Whistle" (6:10)
Jürgen Paape – "Mit Dir" (4:28)
Jonas Bering – "Marine" (4:42)
Superpitcher – "Baby's On Fire" (6:17)
M. Mayer – "Falling Hands" (5:54)
Justus Köhncke – "Station 18" (5:05)
Schaeben & Voss – "The World Is Crazy" (5:45)
Freiland – "Frei" (5:40)
Reinhard Voigt – "Die Andere" (6:10)
Voigt & Voigt – "Roxy" (6:45)
Autobianchi – "All Around (Everybody's Kissing)" (5:09)
Kaito – "Beautiful Day" (7:29)
Closer Musik – "Maria" (5:09)
Six of the tracks on the CD are taken from previously released 12 inch vinyls originally released on Kompakt (catalogue number in parentheses): #1 (KOM51); #3 (KOM48); #7 (KOM63); #10 (Speicher 3); #12 (KOM39); #13 (KOM52). Most of those tracks appear on this compilation in shortened versions.
External links
2002 compilation albums
Kompakt compilation albums
Microhouse albums
Record label compilation albums
Helcystogramma meconitis is a moth in the family Gelechiidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1913. It is found in Argentina.
The wingspan is about 14 mm. The forewings are fuscous, slightly purplish tinged with some whitish-ochreous suffusion towards the base of the dorsum, above which is a short dark fuscous dash. The discal stigmata are undefined, dark fuscous, each followed by a pale ochreous dot and the plical stigma is represented by an elongated blackish dash, edged beneath with whitish ochreous. The veins posteriorly are partially marked with ferruginous-brownish lines and scattered blackish scales and there is a patch of whitish-ochreous irroration (sprinkles) extending from the costa before the apex downwards to the disc. There is also a terminal series of cloudy blackish dots edged anteriorly with whitish ochreous. The hindwings are light fuscous.
References
Moths described in 1913
meconitis
Moths of South America
Lanttulaatikko or kålrotslåda (swede casserole) is a swede (rutabaga) casserole that is a traditional Christmas dish in Finland. It is usually served with other casseroles at the Christmas table as a side dish to ham, fish or other meats.
Traditional lanttulaatikko is made of boiled and mashed swede, sweetened and enriched with a mixture of bread crumbs, egg, cream, treacle, butter, and seasoned with salt and various spices (such as ginger, cinnamon and nutmeg). This mixture is placed in a casserole dish, often with a decorative pattern forked over it (or topped with more bread crumbs). It is then baked in a low oven at for an hour and a half.
See also
List of casserole dishes
Porkkanalaatikko
Maksalaatikko
References
Christmas food
Finnish cuisine
Brassica dishes
Vegetarian cuisine
Casserole dishes
Elivélton Viana dos Santos (born May 10, 1992), known as Elivélton, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Santa Cruz, on loan from Boavista.
Honours
Fluminense
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A: 2012
Campeonato Carioca: 2012
Taça Guanabara: 2012
References
1992 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Fluminense FC players
Clube Náutico Capibaribe players
Fortaleza Esporte Clube players
Tupi Football Club players
Boavista Sport Club players
Centro Sportivo Alagoano players
Vila Nova Futebol Clube players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série C players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série D players
Association football defenders
The Ventriloquist is an album by Ruby Throat, a musical act consisting of Katiejane Garside (frontwoman of Queen Adreena) and Chris Whittingham. It was released on 8 November 2007 on a limited run of only 500 copies. This consisted of books bound from Indian vintage red leather, the CD in a cloth pocket in the back of the book. Another limited version of 400 copies was released on January 16, 2008, this time in a regular jewelled case and a 4-panel CD booklet. There was a worldwide general release later in 2008, but "Marybell" was replaced on this edition by two new tracks, "Consuela's Newt" and "Boat Song." An official limited edition run of 300 gatefold double vinyl LPs were issued in Spring 2010 by Los Angeles-based label, The Lovers' Will Records & Press.
Track listing
1. Swan and the Minotaur (Troubled Man)
2. House of Thieves
3. Naked Ruby
4. Salto Angel
5. Dear Daniel
6. The Ventriloquist
7. Lie to Me
8. Ghost Boy
9. John 3.16
10. Happy Now
11. Marybell (Rides Into Town On A Pig) [Bonus track on the special edition copies]
International Release: Bonus tracks
11. Consuela's Newt
12. Boat Song
Vinyl Edition
Side A
1. Swan and the Minotaur (Troubled Man)
2. House of Thieves
3. Naked Ruby
4. Salto Angel
Side B
1. Dear Daniel
2. The Ventriloquist
3. Lie to Me
Side C
1. John 3.16
Side D
1. Ghost Boy
2. Happy Now pt. 2
3. Consuela's Newt
4. Boat Song
Katiejane Garside website
References
2008 albums
San Bernardo () is a city of Chile, part of the Greater Santiago conurbation. Administratively, it is a commune and the capital of the Maipo Province in the Santiago Metropolitan Region. It is the seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of San Bernardo.
Demographics
According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute, San Bernardo spans an area of and has 246,762 inhabitants (121,535 men and 125,227 women). Of these, 241,138 (97.7%) lived in urban areas and 5,624 (2.3%) in rural areas. The population grew by 29.3% (55,905 persons) between the 1992 and 2002 censuses.
Stats
Population: 286,228 (2006 projection)
Average annual household income: US$16,035 (PPP, 2009)
Population below poverty line: 20.9% (2006)
Administration
As a commune, San Bernardo is a third-level administrative division of Chile administered by a municipal council, headed by an alcalde who is directly elected every four years. The 2016-2020 alcalde is Nora Cuevas Contreras (UDI). The council has the following members:
Amparo García Saldias (UDI)
Christopher White Bahamondes (PS)
Leonel Cadiz Soto (PS)
Luis Navarro Ormeño (PRSD)
Orfelina Bustos Carmona (PDC)
Raimundo Camus Varas (UDI)
Ricardo Rencoret Klein (UDI)
Sebastián Tapia Macaya (PDC)
Sebastián Orrego Cisternas (RN)
Soledad Perez Peña (IND)
The regional intendant, appointed by the president, is Claudio Orrego Vicuña.
Within the electoral divisions of Chile, San Bernardo is represented in the Chamber of Deputies by Ramón Farías (PPD) and José Antonio Kast (UDI) as part of the 30th electoral district, (together with Buin, Paine and Calera de Tango). The commune is represented in the Senate by Guido Girardi Lavín (PPD) and Andrés Allamand (RN) as part of the 7th senatorial constituency (Santiago-West).
Chilean folklore capital
At a national level, San Bernardo is characterized as the capital of Chilean folkloric traditions.
This is mainly due to two annual events held in the commune: the "Festival Nacional del Folklore de San Bernardo" (English: San Bernardo's National Festival of Folklore) and "Abril Cuecas Mil" (English: A Thousand Cuecas April).
Festival Nacional del Folklore
The Festival Nacional del Folklore de San Bernardo has been held at the end of February since 1972 and draws participants and spectators from all around the country. The festival consists performances of traditional and folkloric Chilean music, dance, and singing, as well as competitions held at school, corporate, and community levels. It also features participants from other countries who are invited to showcase their respective folkloric traditions. An additional part of the festivals is the "Feria de Artesanía Tradicional" (English: Traditional Crafts Fair"), which centres around showcasing and promoting traditional artisanal gastronomy, arts and crafts from Chile and other Latin American cultures.
Abril Cuecas Mil
Abril Cuecas Mil is held annually on the last Saturday of April, since 1993. First proposed by professor Arturo García Araneda, a San Bernardino folklorist, the event centres around Cueca, Chile's national dance. The event lasts for about 30 continuous hours and consists of a line-up of musicians, bands, or folkloric groups playing a thousand Cuecas for an open floor, where anyone is welcomed to partake in the dancing. Participants range from enthusiasts and amateurs to professional and trained dancers. The style of Cueca usually alternates between more traditional folkloric styles during the day (e.g., salon, campesina, etc.) and more risqué styles during the night (e.g., porteña, brava, etc.).
Chena's Pucará
The Chena hills, located in the basin of San Bernardo, are home to an Incan sacred site known as the Huaca of Chena or Chena's Pucará. Initially thought to be a fortress, the structure in the southern tip of the Chena hills has been denominated as a huaca (Quechuan Wak'a) a sacred place, a space of ritual use. The Chena's Pucará was observed to have a zoomorphic design, resembling a puma, which is a characteristic of Incan ceremonial and sacred structures. The word Chena (the name of the hills) means puma in oestrous cycle in the Quechuan language.
Subsequent investigations have further supported the sacred denomination by revealing the structure to be composed of three separate edifications; an outside perimetral wall, a middle perimetral wall and the central enclosure, all which are consistent with Incan architectural tripartition designs.
Furthermore, the principle structure's design is consistent with the structural designs of Incan Ushnu (place of observation). This observatory status has been confirmed by the structure's seemingly perfect lineation of its altar with the first ray of sun during the winter solstice (21 June) and the summer solstice (21 December).
Currently, the commune of San Bernardo lacks the resources to establish proper administration, maintenance, or security of the area, and Chena's Pucará faces physical abandonment, neglect and banalisation, including dismantling of walls and defecation on the altar. However, in recent years Quechuan and Aymará populations have become interested in negotiating with the authorities for ritualistic and occupation rights in the area.
Sports
San Bernardo Unido
Atlético San Bernardo
References
External links
Municipality of San Bernardo
Capitals of Chilean provinces
Populated places established in 1821
Populated places in Maipo Province
1821 establishments in Chile
is a novel series created by American authors Bradley Bond and Philip "Ninj@" Morzez. After they gave permission for Japanese translations to be published via Twitter, Enterbrain published the first translated novel in September 2012, with illustrations by Warainaku. Sixteen novels have been released as of June 2016. It has received three manga adaptations. An ONA adaptation produced by Trigger and directed by Akira Amemiya which aired from April to October 2015.
Plot
The story takes place in the cyberpunk metropolis of Neo-Saitama. After their wife and child are killed in a ninja turf war, salaryman Kenji Fujikido gets possessed by a mysterious ninja soul known as Naraku Ninja. As Naraku's craving for massacring the evil ninja overlaps with Fujikido's lust for revenge, together they bring Ninja Slayer – a terrifying ninja-killing grim reaper - into existence. The more their mental resonance and physical symbiosis deepens, the more powerful Ninja Slayer becomes. If Fujikido completely surrenders themselves to Naraku, they will be unstoppable, at the cost of Naraku being able to massacre freely without restraint.
Characters
/
A man who becomes a ninja in order to eliminate other ninjas and get revenge on the ones that got their family killed, the Soukai Syndicate. Their ninja soul is the Naraku Ninja.
/
A high ranking ninja who serves Khan and the Soukai Syndicate.  They are also responsible for killing Kenji's wife and child.
A journalist who seeks the truth and follows Ninja Slayer around. They have special hacking skills and can directly connect themselves to cyberspace.
A teenage girl who is also a ninja and later becomes a comrade of Ninja Slayer. Them ninja soul is the Shi Ninja.
/
An experienced kunoichi and Gendoso's granddaughter who helps out Ninja Slayer from time to time. Unlike the Ninja Slayer and Yamoto, they are an actual ninja.
The head of the Dragon Dojo and the last real ninja in Japan.  They are also Ninja Slayer's master.
The leader of the Soukai Syndicate, they possess seven different Ninja Souls collectively known as Demolition Ninja.
/
A ninja with cancer on the verge of dying. He's hired to kill criminals and ninjas to test new weapons.  They are Yamoto's sensei and is an iaido master.
Media
Novels
Ninja Slayer was originally posted piece by piece on Twitter by Japanese "translators" Honda Yu and Sugi Leika, allegedly adapting the story from American authors "Bradley Bond and Philip "Ninj@" Morzez". After the series grew in popularity, Enterbrain published the first Japanese-translated volume in print, Ninja Slayer: Neo-Saitama in Flames, in September 2012. There appears to be no evidence of an original copy of Ninja Slayer, and the original creators "Bradley Bond and Philip Ninj@ Morzez" appear to be fictional authors created to produce the illusion of an elaborate backstory, and have no record of an accurate bio.
Manga
A manga adaptation with art by Yūki Yogo and scripted by Yoshiaki Tabata is serialized in Kadokawa Shoten's Comp Ace since June 27, 2013. It has been collected in currently five tankōbon volumes. Another manga adaptation titled with art by Ageha Saotome also began serialization from July 1, 2013, in Enterbrain's shōjo manga magazine B's-Log Comic. It has also been collected into three tankōbon volumes. A third adaptation titled is serialized in Kodansha's Suiyoubi no Sirius.
Volume list
Ninja Slayer
Anime
In April 2014, Enterbrain announced that an anime adaptation of the novel was in production, later revealing that it was being produced by Trigger. More details were announced in Los Angeles, CA at Anime Expo 2014. The anime, titled Ninja Slayer From Animation, is directed by Akira Amamiya, and the main theme is "Back In Black" performed by electronic band Boom Boom Satellites. The anime premiered on Niconico on April 16, 2015, and a television broadcast started airing in April 2016. The series is licensed in North America by Funimation, who is simulcasting the series with subtitles and began streaming a dubbed version from May 21, 2015. Anime Limited announced that they had acquired the series in the United Kingdom and Ireland, however, later announced that they had cancelled the release.
Episode list
References
External links
Official website
Official website
Official website (anime)
2012 science fiction novels
2012 Japanese novels
2015 anime ONAs
Anime and manga based on novels
Cyberpunk anime and manga
Cyberpunk novels
Enterbrain
Enterbrain manga
Funimation
Japanese science fiction novels
Josei manga
Kadokawa Shoten manga
Kadokawa Dwango franchises
Kodansha manga
Madman Entertainment anime
Mythopoeia
Ninja in anime and manga
Seinen manga
Shōnen manga
Television shows based on novels
Studio Trigger
Vertical (publisher) titles
The black-banded barbet (Psilopogon javensis) is a bird species in the Megalaimidae family.
It is endemic to Java and Bali.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
black-banded barbet
Birds of Java
Birds of Bali
black-banded barbet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Mouza Adlana is a town of Bhawana City a tehsil of Chiniot District of Punjab province of Pakistan. Mouza Adlana is situated at about 29 km away from Chiniot city and about 16 km from tehsil Bhowana.
The main tribe in the village is the Jappa tribe; other supporting castes include Kumar, Nai, Tarkhan, Muslim Shaikh, Lohar, Machi and Miraci.
Most people are farmers and the land is very fertile.
References
{www.google.ca/maps/place/Adlana,+Jhang,+Punjab,+Pakistan/@31.5825707,72.7762807,14z/data=!4m2!3m1!1s0x3922344a77e1b4bb:0x4977bb0667b5f29c}
Chiniot District
Populated places in Chiniot District
Mount Passaconaway is a mountain in the Sandwich Range Wilderness of the White Mountain National Forest in Grafton County, New Hampshire, near Waterville Valley. It is named after Passaconaway, a 16th-century sachem of the Pennacook tribe, whose name was also attached to a small village in Albany, where the northern trailhead is now located.
It is ranked 42nd in elevation on the list of 48 White Mountains four-thousand footers. On the original 1931 list of 4000-footers, it was ranked 26th, with an elevation of , although the 1931 topographic map shows it as . The 1987 USGS topographic map indicates it is 4,043 feet, while the elevation recorded in the USGS Geographic Names Information System is .
The thickly wooded, unmarked summit may be approached from trailheads to the north (on the Kancamagus Highway) or from Wonalancet to the south.
Passaconaway was originally named "North Whiteface" by Arnold Guyot, who probably was the first white person to ascend it. State geologist Charles Henry Hitchcock gave it its present name in honor of Passaconaway, a Pennacook chieftain. Passaconaway's children, Wonalancet and Nanomocomuck, have their names memorialized by the spurs of the mountain.
History
In the 1700s, Old Mast Road was cut to haul white pine trees for the Royal Navy.
In 1890, a landslide scarred much of the northwest face of the mountain. This was converted to the Downes Brook Slide Trail.
In 1891, Kate Sleeper opened an inn near the base, and the region grew in popularity. Local residents carved out Dicey's Mill Trail. The "Passaconaway Lodge" was built on the southeast aspect of the mountain.
In 1899, the Appalachian Mountain Club cut the Passaconaway Loop, making possible a loop over the summit.
In 1914, the forest in the glacial valley below the mountain, named The Bowl, was added to the WMNF to prevent logging.
In 1948, Passaconaway Lodge was renamed Camp Rich. The structure was rebuilt in 1925 and 1953.
In 1984, the Sandwich Range Wilderness was established, including most of Passaconaway.
In 2000, Camp Rich collapsed and was removed, consistent with Wilderness regulations.
In 2006, the Sandwich Range Wilderness was expanded to include all of Passaconaway.
See also
Defunct placenames of New Hampshire
References
Smith, Stephen; Dickerman, Mike (2001). The 4,000 Footers of the White Mountains. Littleton: Bondcliff Books. .
USGS Topographic map, Chocorua Quadrangle, 1931, northeast segment, viewed at UNH historic map collection
External links
Mt. Passaconaway - FranklinSites.com Hiking Guide
Passaconaway - NHMountainHiking.com
AMC: Mount Passaconway
Mountains of Grafton County, New Hampshire
Mountains of New Hampshire
New England Four-thousand footers
New Hampshire placenames of Native American origin
Mount Panther is an historic country house located between Dundrum and Clough in Northern Ireland. The house dates from the 1700s and has been derelict for some years. In 2009 it was offered for sale for £5m along with 140 acres of farm and parkland. In 2014 it was considered a complete ruin with a reduced demesne of 80 acres. It is a listed building of County Down since 1980.
History
Described by The News Letter as a well built elegant brick house with four or five rooms per floor, where the central portion of the building features a Diocletian window on top floor and a Palladian one below it. It was built about 1740 on almost 150 acres. The most famous resident was the writer Mary Delany, who married Patrick Delany in 1743, and divided their time between Mount Panther and Dublin from 1744 until 1760. They rented the house and during their first year in the house Patrick was made Dean of Down. The building was expanded with the addition of three bay wings and some rooms, such as the renowned ballroom, whose plasterwork done by Dublin stucco artists. This work was instigated by the 1st Earl Annesley who bought the property in 1772. The stable courtyard at the rear, dating from the late 18th century, was rather plain and contrasted with the elegant front to which had been added floating labels above the ground and first floor windows and the cornice featured Italianate bracket mouldings.
After the earl's death in 1802 the property passed through the ownership of Charles William Moore, Rector of Moira, and in 1822 was sold to William Henry Rainey to be sold just ten years later to a John Reed Allen, then Thomas Gracey and in 1931 to a Paddy Fitzpatrick.
During World War II United States Army units had Nissen hut cantonments at Mount Panther. The following were stationed here: 2nd Battalion 1st Armour of the 1st Armoured Division, 13th Infantry of 8th Infantry Division, and 21st Field Artillery Battalion of 5th Division. Princess Margaret and Lord Snowdon were impressed by the rococo plasterwork of the ballroom during their 1963 visit while Joan Collins and Jonathan Swift were also said to be admirers.
Decline
The house fell into disrepair from the 1960s with the roof being stripped and the interior plasterwork mainly removed, so is now an empty shell. In July 1980 it was added to the B+ listed buildings of Northern Ireland. While up for sale in 2008, representatives of Donald Trump visited the property and showed interest in the house and its then 170-acre estate as a potential golf venue.
See also
List of Grade B+ listed buildings in County Down
References
External links
YouTube video of Mount Panther ruins in 2017
Grade B+ listed buildings
Blaine Lacher (born September 5, 1970) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey goaltender. Lacher played for the Boston Bruins of the National Hockey League in the mid-1990s.
Lacher was a standout goaltender at Lake Superior State University in college, leading their team to a national championship in 1994. In their final season at Lake Superior State, Lacher led the nation in both save percentage (SV%) and goals against average (GAA) at .918 and 1.98, respectively. They set an NCAA Division 1 shutout record of 375:01, which still stands as of 2017. Lacher gave up their final year of eligibility to sign as a free agent with the Boston Bruins.
Lacher started their professional career with the Bruins very well, losing only one of their starts down the stretch to get the team into the 1995 NHL Playoffs, where they lost to the eventual Stanley Cup champions, the New Jersey Devils. Lacher had a spectacular season in 1994–95, making 35 appearances. Their record in those games was 19–11–2 with a 2.41 goals against average (GAA), a .902 save percentage (SV%), and four shutouts.
After being promoted to the full-time starting goaltender the next season, Lacher's earlier performances did not keep up and their statistics suffered. They were part of a rotation of goaltenders in the 1995–96 season, which ended with Craig Billington signing onto the Bruins and when the Bruins traded for one-time Bruins prospect Bill Ranford from the Edmonton Oilers. Lacher played for several teams during the 1995–1996 season, playing for the Cleveland Lumberjacks of the IHL, and the Bruins' minor-league affiliate, the Providence Bruins. Even in Providence, Lacher's record was hardly up to their numbers from the previous season. With Boston, Lacher's record was 3–5–2 with a poor 3.93 GAA and .845 SV%. Lacher did not return with the Bruins after that season.
Lacher retired from professional hockey after another disastrous season in the IHL with the Grand Rapids Griffins. In 11 games with the Griffins, Lacher was 1–8–1 with a 3.76 GAA and a .877 SV%.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
Awards and honours
References
External links
1970 births
Living people
Boston Bruins players
Canadian ice hockey goaltenders
Cleveland Lumberjacks players
Grand Rapids Griffins (IHL) players
Ice hockey people from Alberta
Lake Superior State Lakers men's ice hockey players
Melville Millionaires players
NCAA men's ice hockey national champions
Providence Bruins players
Sportspeople from Medicine Hat
Undrafted National Hockey League players
This is a list of navigable canals that are at least partially located in Switzerland. The canals are listed here in alphabetic order of the name (without generic).
Currently navigable canals
Formerly navigable canals
Incomplete navigable canal projects
See also
Transport in Switzerland
List of rivers of Switzerland
Canals
Canals
Switzerland
Canals
Shobhit University may refer to one of two higher education institutes in Uttar Pradesh, India:
Shobhit Institute of Engineering & Technology, or Shobhit Deemed University, in Meerut, Meerut district
Shobhit University (Gangoh), in Gangoh, Saharanpur district
Vikki Ann Goodwin (born May 18, 1967) is a Texas Democratic member of the Texas House of Representatives for House District 47, which is located in Travis County, Texas.
Education
Goodwin earned their Bachelor of Business Administration in marketing from University of Texas in Austin and their master's degree in public affairs from the LBJ School of Public Affairs.
Texas House of Representatives
On November 6, 2018, Goodwin won the general election with 52%, defeating incumbent Republican Paul Workman who got 48% of the vote.
References
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Texas Democrats
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
Members of the Texas House of Representatives
Women state legislators in Texas
University of Texas alumni
Lyndon B. Johnson School of Public Affairs alumni
1967 births
Statistics of Superettan in season 2003.
Overview
It was contested by 16 teams, and Kalmar FF won the championship.
League table
Season statistics
Top scorers
Top assists
Footnotes
References
Sweden - List of final tables (Clas Glenning)
Superettan seasons
2
Sweden
Sweden
The pupil magnification of an optical system is the ratio of the diameter of the exit pupil to the diameter of the entrance pupil. The pupil magnification is used in calculations of the effective f-number, which affects a number of important elements related to optics, such as exposure, diffraction, and depth of field. For all symmetric lenses, and for many conventional photographic lenses, the pupils appear the same size and so the pupil magnification is approximately 1.
See also
Magnification
External links
Photo.net lens tutorial
Geometrical optics
Pingasa rubicunda is a species of moth of the family Geometridae first described by William Warren in 1894. It is found in northern India, Sundaland and the Philippines.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on the flowers of Shorea species.
References
External links
Moths described in 1894
Pseudoterpnini
St. Peter Island (, ostrov sv. Petar) is a Bulgarian island in the Black Sea, with an area of and a height of above sea level. Also known as Bird Island, it is located in the Bay of Sozopol, close to the St. Ivan and St. Cyricus Islands. As it was not mentioned in any sources until the mid-19th century, it is presumed to have separated from the larger St. Ivan Island (which is a few hundred meters to the west) as a consequence of some kind of natural phenomenon around that time. Archaeologists have discovered the ruins of a Bulgarian National Revival-time chapel, as well as traces of ancient pottery. Two small islets or large rocks also existed to the east of St. Peter, known by the names of Milos and Gata; they were last described by Russian war correspondents in the 1820s and have presumably submerged in the following years.
Uninhabited islands of Bulgaria
Islands of the Black Sea
Bulgarian Black Sea Coast
Nature reserves in Bulgaria
Landforms of Burgas Province
Henry Powell is the name of:
People
Henry Powell (governor) (c. 1600–1658), governor of Barbados
Henry Watson Powell (1733–1814), British officer
Henry Powell (Wisconsin politician) (1828–1902), American politician
E. Henry Powell (1839–1911), politician in Vermont
Henry Absalom Powell (1855–1930), Canadian lawyer and politician
Henry Powell (footballer) (1907–1992), Australian rules footballer for Fitzroy
Henry Powell (Louisiana politician) (born 1945), American politician, member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from 1996 to 2008
Fictional characters
Henry Powell (24), a character in the TV series 24
See also
Harry Powell (disambiguation)
During the 1996–97 English football season, Watford F.C. competed in the Football League Second Division.
Season summary
In the 1996–97 season, although Jackett oversaw a long unbeaten stretch of results, Watford were unable to mount a serious promotion challenge and finished a disappointing campaign in 13th place – Watford's lowest position in the league structure since the 1970s. During the close season, Jackett was demoted to the position of first-team coach, with Graham Taylor once again becoming manager.
Final league table
Results
Watford's score comes first
Legend
Football League Second Division
FA Cup
League Cup
Football League Trophy
Players
First-team squad
Squad at end of season
Left club during season
Reserve squad
References
Notes
Watford F.C. seasons
Watford
The Rumana Subdistrict () is a sub-district of Al-Qa'im District on the north side of the Euphrates in west Al Anbar Governorate, on the Iraq-Syria border. Its capital is the town of Rumana. The name means 'pomegranate' in Arabic. Rumana is run by an elected sub-district council and sub-mayor.
It has a population of 8,900 inhabitants. All of them are Sunni Muslim Arabs, with the main tribes being Al-Bu Mahhal and Al-Marasimah, in addition to some minor tribes. People earn a living by work in farming, fishing, small business, and employment. There is a concrete bridge linking Rumana with Qaim and Al Ubaidi across the Euphrates.
Rumana sub-district fell under ISIL control on 16 June 2014.
Rumana sub-district was recaptured by the Iraqi Army on 13 November 2017.
References
Subdistricts of Iraq
Populated places in Al Anbar Governorate
Populated places along the Silk Road
Populated places on the Euphrates River
William G. Rose (September 23, 1829 – September 15, 1899) was a Republican mayor of Cleveland, Ohio, United States in the nineteenth century.
Rose was born at Mercer County, Pennsylvania, one of eleven children of James and Martha Rose. They grew up on a farm and attended local schools. They began as a school teacher at age 17, and studied law at a local law office starting at age 23. They were admitted to the bar in 1855, and began legal practice in Mercer in 1855.
Rose was associate editor on the Independent Democrat, the leading newspaper in Mercer County. They were a Republican member of the Pennsylvania legislature 1857–1859. Rose was chosen a delegate to the 1860 Republican National Convention which nominated Mr. Lincoln, but was unable to attend due to illness.
In 1865, Rose moved to Cleveland, Ohio, where they received the Republican nomination for mayor in 1877, and was elected by a large majority.
Rose was the 1st cousin, 2x removed, of US President William McKinley.
Notes
References
1829 births
1899 deaths
Mayors of Cleveland
Pennsylvania Republicans
Ohio Republicans
Ohio lawyers
Pennsylvania lawyers
People from Mercer County, Pennsylvania
Editors of Ohio newspapers
William G.
Members of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
Myles Iain Christian Bright (born 18 October 2002) is an English professional footballer who plays for Huddersfield Town as a midfielder.
Career
Born in London, Bright started their football career at Lambeth Tigers, before moving to Huddersfield Town in 2019, alongside goalkeeper Giosue Bellagambi.
Bright made their senior debut for Huddersfield Town on 9 January 2021, when they made a substitute appearance in their 3–2 FA Cup defeat against Plymouth Argyle.
References
2002 births
Living people
Huddersfield Town A.F.C. players
Association football midfielders
English footballers
English Football League players
Peter "Pip" Borrman was an accomplished Australian aerobatics pilot. They were killed in a training accident in Shepparton, Victoria, on 25 February 2009.
References
1954 births
2009 deaths
Accidental deaths in Victoria (Australia)
Aerobatic pilots
Australian aviators
Aviators killed in aviation accidents or incidents in Australia
Victims of aviation accidents or incidents in 2009
The following highways are numbered 257:
Canada
Manitoba Provincial Road 257
Prince Edward Island Route 257
Quebec Route 257
Costa Rica
National Route 257
Japan
Japan National Route 257
United States
Alabama State Route 257
California State Route 257
Colorado State Highway 257
Florida State Road 257 (former)
Georgia State Route 257
Indiana State Road 257
K-257 (Kansas highway)
Kentucky Route 257
Maryland Route 257
Minnesota State Highway 257
Montana Secondary Highway 257
New York State Route 257
Ohio State Route 257
Pennsylvania Route 257
Tennessee State Route 257
Texas State Highway 257 (former)
Texas State Highway Loop 257
Farm to Market Road 257 (Texas)
Utah State Route 257
Virginia State Route 257
The Union of Jewish Women (UJW) was a trade union and the first national Jewish women's society in Britain. The UJW was formed with the intention of bringing women's perspectives to matters of importance to the Jewish community.
Formation
The UJW was formed in 1902. Poor Russian Jewish immigrants settling in the East End of London created demand for services for this community. And also opportunities for
women's activism and the UJW was formed to address issues that Jewish women faced.
It was inspired by the National Union of Women Workers (NUWW), which had been established in 1895. In 1900, a group of Jewish women gathered at the home of Lady Louisa de Rothschild and decided to organise the May 1902 Conference of Jewish Women.
Work
The Union declared itself to be an “all-embracing sisterhood,” forming a “bond between Jewish women of all degrees and all shades of opinion, religious, social and intellectual.”.
The Union organized a system of volunteers trained to help women seeking employment and to assist Jewish charitable institutions. Before World War I the UJW was composed primarily of upper-class women who had little contact with the working class women the organisation was created to help.
The UJW had mixed success; in 1924 the Council of the United Synagogue voted against the franchise for women, though many of those individual Synagogues had already agreed to support it. In order to be more effective, the UJW joined many women's organisations to promote further extension of women's suffrage.
Notable members
Alice Model
Eleanor Nathan
Lady Louise De Rothschild (founding member)
Nina Salaman
References
Non-profit organisations based in the United Kingdom
Defunct Jewish organizations
Jewish organisations based in the United Kingdom
Organizations established in 1902
Defunct women's organizations
Women's organisations based in the United Kingdom
Jewish women's organizations
A constitutional referendum was held in Algeria on 13 October 1946 as part of a wider French constitutional referendum. The proposed new constitution was rejected by 61.6% of voters, with a turnout of 58.5%. However, it was approved by a majority of voters in France and other territories.
Results
References
1946 referendums
October 1946 events in Africa
Referendums in Algeria
Referendums in France
1946 in Algeria
Constitutional referendums in France
Julien Donkey-Boy is a 1999 American experimental drama film written and directed by Harmony Korine. The story concentrates on Julien, a man with schizophrenia, played by Scottish actor Ewen Bremner, and their dysfunctional family. The film also stars Chloë Sevigny as Julien's sister, Pearl, and Werner Herzog as their father. Julien Donkey-Boy was the sixth film to be made under the self-imposed rules of the Dogme 95 manifesto, and the first non-European film to be made under the Dogme 95 "vow of chastity".
Plot
Julien, a young man with untreated schizophrenia, meets a young boy playing with several turtles in a New York City park. Fascinated by the turtles, Julien asks if they can have one. When they are denied, they strangle the boy, then buries their body in the mud before praying for mercy from God.
At home, Julien resides with their dysfunctional family, consisting of their domineering and emotionless German father; their childlike pregnant sister Pearl (whose child may be Julien's); their younger brother, Chris, an aspiring wrestler who spends their days exercising and practicing wrestling moves; and their paternal grandmother, who is largely disconnected from the rest of the family.
The family's father spends the majority of their time recounting national historical narratives, drinking, and inflicting psychological and physical abuse on Chris. During one of Chris's exercise sessions, their father forces them outside in the cold and hoses them down with water. They also pine for their deceased wife, going so far as begging Chris to wear their mother's wedding dress and dance with him. Meanwhile, Julien works as a teacher's aide at a school for the blind. Julien spends most of their spare time going to confession, muttering to themselves on the streets, and imagining conversations with Adolf Hitler.
Julien is also riddled with grief over their mother's death, and Pearl sometimes soothes them by pretending to be their mother on the telephone. Pearl spends most of their days searching for baby clothes for their soon-to-be-born child, and making lists of their favorite baby names. Searching for other hobbies, they decide to take up learning to play the harp. Chris compulsively practices wrestling moves on trash cans, and sometimes incites matches with Julien. Their father recounts historical stories, lambasts Julien and Pearl for "artsy-fartsy" poetry and being "a dilettante and a slut" respectively, and pines for their dead wife.
Julien and Pearl accompany their father to a local Baptist church, where the sermon has a profound impact on Julien. Some time later, Pearl and Julien spend a day together going ice skating at an indoor skating rink. Julien tries to sell some homemade skates to a Hasidic boy and Pearl takes to the ice despite being heavily pregnant. They trip, landing on their abdomen and causing a miscarriage. At the hospital, Julien convinces a nurse to let them hold the baby, saying it is his. They allow it, but while alone with the baby, Julien escapes home on a bus. Julien goes to their room, hides under the blankets, cradles the baby and mutters prayers.
Cast
Production
Julien Donkey-Boy was the first American film made in accordance with the Danish filmmaking manifesto Dogme 95. It was shot in New York on MiniDV tape, the film was transferred to 16mm film before being blown up to 35mm film for the master print. Korine used this method to give the film a low-definition, grainy aesthetic.
The film utilizes several cinematographic styles, including stop-motion photography, parallel cuts, and still photographs in order to tell its story.
Dogme 95
Korine broke a few of the Dogme 95 rules in making the film. All the camerawork is supposed to be handheld, but this film uses hidden cameras, technically not handheld. There is also non-diegetic music (Oval's "Mediation" from Systemisch in the ice-skating scene, same group's "Shop In Store" from 94 Diskont), although it sounds like it alternates between diegetic and non-diegetic use. And finally, the director must not be credited; Korine is credited (however, the film only gives their name — it does not say "directed by Harmony Korine", just "Harmony Korine").
Despite these transgressions, the original Dogme 95 committee endorsed Julien Donkey-Boy. In an interview on the Epidemic DVD, Lars Von Trier, Dogme 95 co-creator, lauded Korine's ability to interpret the rules creatively.
Release
The film premiered at the Venice Film Festival in September 1999. It received a limited release in Los Angeles at a single cinema on October 15, 1999; the film showed for a month's time at the Los Angeles Theatre, and grossed a total of $80,226 by that November. It was given a wide theatrical release in European countries the following year, particularly in France and the Netherlands. The film grossed $85,400 domestically and $7,042 in other countries for a worldwide total of $92,442.
Critical reception
Julien Donkey-Boy currently holds a 29% rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on 38 reviews, with an average rating of 5.3 out of 10. The website's critical consensus reads, "Director Harmony Korine takes a big stylistic swing that will miss with most audiences, producing an unfocused and mean-spirited art film with a bitter aftertaste." The film has a weighted average score of 52/100 on Metacritic based on 23 reviews, indicating "mixed or average reviews".
Empire Magazine said that "Despite some creditable performances, Korine's bizarre, shambling direction renders the result less ground-breakingly experimental than rectum-numbingly dull." Edward Guthmann of the San Francisco Chronicle called the film "A self-indulgent mess."
Despite a sense of negative reaction to Julien Donkey-Boy, it was praised by some critics. Kevin Thomas of the Los Angeles Times gave the film a positive review, saying the film attained a "depth of compassion and understanding ... [it] acquires a spiritual dimension that allows it ultimately to become an act of redemption". Lisa Schwarzbaum from Entertainment Weekly awarded the film a score of B+, describing the film as "an exciting artistic leap", while writing that "Korine — working with cinematographer Anthony Dod Mantle, who shot the Dogma breakthrough The Celebration — discovers visual ways to convey emotional terrain that will serve them well, I hope, even after they outgrow shock as an artistic goal."
Additional praise for the film came from Chicago Sun Times film critic Roger Ebert, who gave the film 3/4 stars, saying that "[The film] adds up to something, unlike a lot of movies where individual shots are sensational, but they add up to nothing"; Ebert did, however, note that the film had a very limited audience: "The odds are good that most people will dislike this film and be offended by it. For others, it will provoke sympathy rather than scorn. You know who you are".
References
External links
1999 films
1999 drama films
American drama films
Films directed by Harmony Korine
Camcorder films
Dogme 95 films
Films about dysfunctional families
Works about dysfunctional families
Films set in New York (state)
Films shot in New York (state)
Incest in film
American independent films
Fictional portrayals of schizophrenia
1990s English-language films
1990s American films
Tooting Bec is in the London Borough of Wandsworth, south London, England.
History
Tooting Bec appears in Domesday Book of 1086 as "Totinges". It was held partly by St Mary de Bec-Hellouin Abbey and partly by Westminster Abbey. Its domesday assets were: 5 hides. It had 5½ ploughs, . It rendered £7.
The suffix ‘Bec', (beck, meaning 'stream', in English), was added after Bec Abbey in Normandy, ('Bec' being the name of the river, there). They were given land in the area by the Normans. Saint Anselm, the second Abbot of Bec, is reputed to have been a visitor to Tooting Bec before they succeeded Lanfranc as Archbishop of Canterbury. Saint Anselm also gives their name to the Roman Catholic church at the corner of Balham High Road and Tooting Bec Road. A relief sculpture of Saint Anselm visiting the Totinges tribe (from which Tooting gets its name) is on the exterior of Wandsworth Town Hall.
Tooting Bec is on Stane Street, a Roman Road which linked London with Chichester to the southwest.
The area includes Tooting Commons, and Tooting Bec Lido, one of the oldest open-air fresh water swimming pools in Britain, first opened to the public in 1906, and also the largest freshwater swimming pool by surface area in the United Kingdom, being 100 yards (91.44 m) long and 33 yards (30.18 m) wide.
Tooting Bec Golf Club was founded in 1888. The club disappeared in the late 1920s.
The Finnish band Hanoi Rocks wrote the song "Tooting Bec Wreck" about their experiences living there in the early 1980s.
Nearest places
Tooting
Balham
Streatham
Wimbledon
Earlsfield
Mitcham
Colliers Wood
Furzedown
Nearest tube station
Tooting Bec tube station
Football Club
Tooting Bec F.C.
References
Areas of London
Districts of the London Borough of Wandsworth
Sathyam Sivam Sundaram is a 2000 Indian Malayalam-language comedy-drama film written and directed by Rafi Mecartin and produced by Siyad Kokker through Kokers Films. It stars Kunchacko Boban, Aswathi Menon, and Jagadish, with Harisree Ashokan, Cochin Haneefa, and Balachandra Menon in supporting roles. The movie marked the debut of cinematographer Ravivarman. The film was a moderate success
Cast
Kunchacko Boban as Chandrahassan aka Chandru
Aswathi Menon as Vijayalakshmi aka Viji
Jagadish as Pankajakshan
Balachandra Menon as K.S.K. Nambiar
Jagathy Sreekumar as Shivaraman
Cochin Haneefa as Ajayan
Harishree Ashokan as Vijayan
Ambika as Nandhini
Nassar as Indra Raja Reddy
Janardanan as Sambhavana Warrier
Indrans as Sashankan
T. P. Madhavan as Hotelier
Mansoor Ali Khan as Andhra Ponnan
Shilpa Punnoose as Chandrahasan's sister
Soundtrack
The music was composed by Vidyasagar with lyrics by Kaithapram Damodaran, except for the song "Sathyam Shivam Sundaram" from the 1978 Hindi film Satyam Shivam Sundaram composed by Laxmikant–Pyarelal and written by Pandit Narendra Sharma, which was reused in the film. The soundtrack was distributed by Sagarika music. The song "Walking in the moonlight" was later remade by Vidyasagar in Tamil as "Kannal pesum" for Mozhi (2007).
References
External links
2000 films
2000s Malayalam-language films
Films scored by Vidyasagar
Films directed by Rafi–Mecartin
Tabú Tek sometimes spelled Tabutek, or even TABU-TEK, is an alternative electronic rock band based in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic.
The band formed in the mid 1990s with a short but productive career and released three albums in their native Dominican Republic. The band enjoyed local success in the Santo Domingo rock scene and released music videos like "El Precio" which enjoyed rotation in MTV. While enjoying success in their native country, the band was never able to push for international success. Sintetik, the band's last album, represented the band's maturation and professionalism but never made it out of the local scene. Tabu Tek later on withdrew from releasing new material but still play shows in the local scene from time to time. In 2008 Maximo Martinez released new solo material named Electrónica Ensemble Como Concepto Performático.
History
New Page: Maximo Martinez, Early Days
Throughout the late 1980s and early 1990s Maximo Martinez participated in the Dominican electronic rock band New Page and produced a series of rock songs that laid the foundations for their later work. At the time, the rock scene was just starting to gain popularity in Santo Domingo. Shortly before the creation of Tabu Tek, Maximo Martinez disbanded New Page. New Page had a few significant songs that received airplay; those being "5 aňos", "Triangulo" and "Blanco y Negro".
Tabu Tek: Release of Girar, Rise of Popularity, Sintetik and Hiatus
After Martinez disbanded New Page, they settled down with Bassist Tomas Alvarez from Toque Profundo and friends Franklin Alvarez, Francisco Polanco, Jacinto Mendez, and Alberto Dujarric and formed Tabu Tek on April 15, 1995, in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. In 1996 Tabu Tek released their first album Girar in Santo Domingo, being well received in local radio stations and gaining the band some popularity with the release of singles like Cierra Los Ojos, and Escena Gastada. In November 1996 Martinez joined the Chilean rocker Beto Cuevas and sang along with La Ley's greatest hit "El Duelo" in a concert held in Santo Domingo. Months later, in March 1997 Tabu Tek opened for the Argentinian band Enanitos Verdes in a concert performance in Santo Domingo. In June 1997 Tabu Tek performed in the Dominican Republic's Presidente Festival and received critical acclaim from the international magazine Billboard and also released their second album material Visual. In 1999, Tabu Tek released their third and final album to date, Sintetik, with a more defined electronic rock based sound than in their previous materials. While the band has ceased producing new album material they still sporadically play at local bars in Santo Domingo like the Cinema Cafe in Plaza de la Cultura sector of the city. Maximo Martinez (now known as Max) remains somewhat active releasing their solo project Electrónica Ensemble Como Concepto Performático in 2008. Max performed in Clemente Portillo's Bar Calavera as the singer of the song "Acuario" released in 2010.
Members
Maximo Martinez — Vocals, Composer
Tomas Alvarez — Bass
Franklin Betances — Keyboards
Francisco Polanco — Keyboards
Javier Vargas — Guitar
Alberto Dujarric — Percussion/drums
Jacinto Alberto Mendez — Guitar
Discography
Studio albums
Girar (1997)
Sintetik (1999)
Visual (2003)
Collaboration albums
Rockero Hasta La Tambora (unreleased tribute Participation by Tabu Tek with Compadre Pedro Juan)
Rock & Jazz: Turismo Republica Dominicana (Participation only by Maximo Martinez)
''Bar Calavera (produced by Clemente Portillo with collaborations by Maximo Martinez)
References
See also
Dominican rock
Toque Profundo
Dominican Republic
Dominican Republic musical groups
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Parke County, Indiana.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Parke County, Indiana, United States. Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts; these locations may be seen together in a map.
There are 47 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county, including one National Historic Landmark. Another 3 properties were once listed but have been removed.
Properties and districts located in incorporated areas display the name of the municipality, while properties and districts in unincorporated areas display the name of their civil township. Properties and districts split between multiple jurisdictions display the names of all jurisdictions.
Current listings
|}
Former listings
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Indiana
National Register of Historic Places listings in Indiana
Listings in neighboring counties: Clay, Fountain, Montgomery, Putnam, Vermillion, Vigo
List of Indiana state historical markers in Parke County
References
Parke County
Douglas Reed (born July 16, 1960) is a former American football defensive end who played seven seasons in the National Football League for the Los Angeles Rams. They played college football at San Diego State University.
High School career
Reed prepped at Lincoln High in Southeast San Diego.
College career
Reed played two seasons at San Diego State University after transferring from San Diego City College where they were a junior college All-America selection in 1980. As a senior at San Diego State Reed logged 9 sacks and recorded a total of 91 tackles in their two seasons there.
NFL career
Reed missed their rookie season of 1983 with a knee injury. In 1984, they played 9 games with 1 start at left defensive end. Reed suffered a sprained Achilles' tendon that kept them out of 7 games. In their first start against the 49ers Reed sacked Joe Montana for their first career sack. Prior to that start in week 16, Reed was a backup defensive end and played defensive tackle in pass-rushing situations.
In 1985 Reed took over for Jack Youngblood (who had retired) at left defensive end. Prior to the 1985 season Head coach John Robinson said, "Doug Reed has advanced from suspect to prospect to player." Reed responded with 45 tackles a 7.5 sacks and was considered solid against the run.
In 1986 Reed held out but returned to the team prior to the start of the season. Reed signed a 2-year deal on September 6, 1986, worth a reported $500,000. They backed up Shawn Miller for the first six games and started the final ten, recording 44 tackles and 6.5 sacks in 1986.
In 1987 Reed started all 12 non-strike games and totaled 40 tackles and 2 sacks. During the 1987 players' strike, Reed pelted "scab" players' vehicles with eggs as a way to show their support for the union. On August 17, 1988, Reed signed a two-year contract, ending a 27-day holdout. Reed started all 16 games and had 32 tackles and a sack. They played defensive tackle when the Rams went to their special "Eagle" defense which featured 5 linebackers, rather than the normal 4. Reed forced a key fumble by Neal Anderson to help the Rams in an early December 23-3 victory over the Chicago Bears.
In 1989 Reed played and started 11 games, with 30 tackles and 3 sacks. A severe ankle injury sidelined them for the final 5 games. In 1990, their final season, Reed held out once again (his third holdout in five seasons) and on September 6, 1990, signed a 1-year $400,000 contract after rejecting a $550,000 offer earlier in the summer. Reed started all 16 games and logged 27 tackles and 2 sacks.
In 1991 Reed signed a 1-year $200,000 contract in August, 1991, but after not being assured of a roster spot asked for their release so they could be free to sign with another team. On August 20, 1991, the Rams granted Reed their unconditional release.
References
1960 births
Living people
American football defensive ends
San Diego State Aztecs football players
Los Angeles Rams players
Players of American football from San Diego
Robb-Davon Butler (born September 14, 1981) is a former American football defensive back who played one season with the San Diego Chargers of the National Football League (NFL). They were a three-year letterman in both football and track at Perry Traditional Academy in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. They earned All-State honors in football for their senior year in 1998. Butler played college football at Pittsburgh for two years as a cornerback. They then transferred to Robert Morris and played wide receiver. They redshirted their first season and caught 29 passes for 459 yards their second season. Butler converted to strong safety their senior season in 2003 and earned First-team Division I-AA All-American honors. After going undrafted in the 2004 NFL Draft, they signed with the Chargers. They played in five games for the Chargers in 2004, recording seven total tackles and two kickoff returns. They later spent time with the Baltimore Ravens, Kansas City Chiefs, Kansas City Brigade, Erie RiverRats and Wheeling Wildcats.
Early years
Butler was a three-year letterman at Perry Traditional Academy in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, where they played receiver and defensive back. They earned First-team Associated Press Big School All-State honors in 1998. They were named to the 1999 AAA Pennsylvania Big 33 Team, which participated in the Big 33 Classic on July 24, 1999. Butler was named to the 1998 Pittsburgh Post-Gazette "Fabulous 22" Team. They were also named to the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review/Fox Sports Pittsburgh "Terrific 25" Team. They gained first-team All-Pittsburgh City League recognition twice as well.
Butler recorded 35 receptions for 631 yards their senior year and scored 14 total touchdowns, including two punt returns, two kick returns and one interception return for a touchdown. They accumulated six interceptions during their junior year and six interceptions in their senior season as well. They helped the team win the City League championship in 1997 and 1998. The team advanced to the PIAA Class AAA state championship game in 1997 but lost.
Butler also lettered three years in track and field at Perry. They played football with future Pittsburgh Panthers teammate Rod Rutherford at Perry.
Butler visited Pittsburgh, Maryland, Michigan State, Wisconsin and NC State before choosing Pittsburgh. They signed their letter of intent on February 7, 1999.
College career
Butler played college football for the Pittsburgh Panthers of the University of Pittsburgh from 1999 to 2000 and lettered both years. They were a reserve cornerback and special teams contributor each year. They played in the final eight games of the 1999 season, recording five solo tackles, five tackle assists and two passes defended. On November 13, 1999, Butler broke up a pass in the end zone on the final play in the history of Pitt Stadium. They played in ten games during their sophomore year in 2000, totaling three solo tackles and two tackle assists. After the 2000 season, they had transitioned to wide receiver after spending time, and impressing, on the scout squad at receiver.
Butler then transferred to Robert Morris University in 2001. They played in 20 games, all starts, for the Robert Morris Colonials from 2002 to 2003. They caught 29 passes for a team-leading 459 yards in 2002. Butler converted to strong safety in 2003. They accumulated 84 tackles, two interceptions, nine pass breakups, and two forced fumbles for the Colonials during the 2003 season, earning them First-team Division I-AA All-American honors.
Professional career
Butler signed with the San Diego Chargers of the National Football League (NFL) on April 25, 2004, after going undrafted in the 2004 NFL Draft, becoming the fifth player in Robert Morris history to sign an NFL contract. They were released by the Chargers on September 5 and signed to the team's practice squad the following day. They were promoted to the active roster of the Chargers on November 30, 2004. Butler played in five games for the team during the 2004 season, recording three solo tackles and four tackle assists. They also returned two kickoffs for 35 yards. They were released by the Chargers on September 3, 2005.
On November 11, 2005, Butler was signed to the practice squad of the Baltimore Ravens of the NFL. They were promoted to the team's active roster on December 30. They re-signed with the Ravens on May 18, 2006. Butler was released by the team on September 2, 2006.
They had a workout with the New England Patriots of the NFL in December 2006. They signed a two-year contract with the NFL's Kansas City Chiefs on February 12, 2007. Butler was released by the Chiefs on September 2, 2007.
They signed with the Kansas City Brigade of the Arena Football League on November 29, 2007. They were released by the team on February 16, 2008, signed by the Brigade on March 18 and placed on recallable waivers nine days later. The Brigade signed Butler to the team's practice squad on April 2 and promoted them to the active roster on April 12. They were placed on recallable waivers on April 29, signed by the Brigade on May 1 and placed on recallable waivers on May 7, 2008. Overall, they totaled eleven solo tackles, seven tackle assists and one interception for the Brigade during the 2008 season.
Butler signed with the Erie RiverRats of the American Indoor Football Association in May 2008 and played for them during the 2008 season. They played with former Perry Traditional and Pittsburgh Panthers teammate Rod Rutherford as a member of the RiverRats. Butler was signed by the Wheeling Wildcats of the Continental Indoor Football League on December 21, 2008, and played for the team during the 2009 season. They again played with Rutherford in Wheeling. Butler also played under head coach Shawn Liotta in both Erie and Wheeling.
Personal life
Butler has spent time working for PPG Industries after their playing career. They earned an MBA from Olin Business School. Butler currently works as the wide receivers and defensive backs coach at Calabasas High School in Calabasas, California.
References
External links
Just Sports Stats
Scout.com profile
Living people
1981 births
American football cornerbacks
American football safeties
American football wide receivers
African-American players of American football
Pittsburgh Panthers football players
Robert Morris Colonials football players
San Diego Chargers players
Baltimore Ravens players
Kansas City Chiefs players
Kansas City Brigade players
Erie RiverRats players
Wheeling Wildcats players
Olin Business School (Washington University) alumni
Players of American football from Pittsburgh
The Frankfurt Group was a group of 19th Century musicians.
The Frankfurt Group may also refer to:
The "Frankfurt group", a group of al-Qaeda-affiliated terrorists responsible for the Strasbourg Cathedral bombing plot in December 2000
The Frankfurt Group, proposers of ISO 13490 CD-ROM file system
The Frankfurt group, involved in the Troubles at Frankfurt in the mid-1550s,
Chithrasalabhangalude Veedu (, ) is a 2008 Malayalam language film for children, directed by Krishnakumar.
Plot
Chithrasalabhangalude Veedu tells the story of a boy named Muthu, studying in tenth standard. Muthu is one of the naughtiest boys in the school. They have a gang of friends also. One day they get arrested for bringing arrack to school. It was the circumstances which moulded the nature of Muthu, but people never bother for those factors and Muthu is always victimized.
Cast
Ganapathi S Poduval
Lakshmi Sharma
Sivaji Guruvayoor
Manraj
Gayathri
Sai Kumar
Mala Aravindan
Ambika Mohan
Manikandan
T.S.Raju
Chali Pala
Shyam Sunder
References
2008 films
2000s Malayalam-language films
Indian children's films
Films shot in Thrissur
Woman power refers to
Woman Power: A feminist journal published by the Congress of American Women between 1946 and 1950.
"Woman Power": a song on Yoko Ono's album Feeling the Space.
John Paul Walker, or JP (born October 16, 1976), nicknamed "The Don", is a professional snowboarder from Salt Lake City, Utah. In the late 1990s they were instrumental in reviving the jib movement.
Walker has been recognized with various awards including Snowboarder magazine's Rider of the Year list six times (more than any other rider in history), European magazine Onboard's Jibber of All Time, and their peers voted them for multiple awards in Transworld Snowboarding magazine's Rider's Poll.
Over the course of their career, Walker has produced 17 video parts in many of snowboarding's highest-grossing films. In 2009, they filmed a 100% switch part (riding the opposite way that they naturally do) for This Video Sucks, an accomplishment nobody before them had achieved. Most recently Walker filmed a segment in the movie Good Look from the production company People.
Walker has appeared in magazines from around the globe. Their exposure includes both mainstream publications like, Men's Fitness and Complex and action sports magazines like Snowboarder and Transworld Surf. Walker guest-edited the February 2010 issue of Snowboarder alongside long-time friend and pro rider, Jeremy Jones.
Walker's ultimate goal is to continue to push the progression of snowboarding to unexpected heights, primarily through their passion and dedication to the sport.
Sponsors
Thirtytwo/Etnies, Santa Cruze Snowboards, Nixon, Oakley, Dakine, Bear Mountain, Milosport, Vertra Suncare, dbot 5 and Raw Rev
Achievements
Voted Jibber of the Year in Snowboarder magazine's Top 10 three years in a row
Named one of Snowboarder's Top 10 Riders six times
Awarded multiple times in Transworld Snowboarding's Rider's Poll: SIA Retailer's Choice, Best Rail Rider, Best Freestyle Rider, Best Video Part
Listed as one of Snowboarder magazine's Top 20 Most Influential Riders
Onboard magazine's Jibber of All Time
Recipient of Method magazine's "Eternal Radness" Award
Numerous signature products with sponsoring brands
Countless never before done tricks like switch frontside 450 to boardslide and frontside double cork
Media appearances
Made an appearance on NBC's Today Show because they were the chosen hero of the son of a victim of 9/11
Gatefold cover of Future Snowboarding magazine (January 2008)
Cover of Snowboard magazine (February 2008)
Profiled in Men's Fitness (March 2008)
Cover and 8-page interview in Transworld Snowboarding magazine (November 2008)
Appeared on Fuel TV's The Daily Habit (September 2009)
Filmed 100% switch part in This Video Sucks (September 2009)
Featured in ESPN Rise (September 2009)
Videography
Mainstream/1994
Something Goin' On/1995
Forward Into Battle/1995
Warriors/Kingpin Productions/1995
Gas Money/1996
Kingpin Chronicles/Kingpin Productions/1996
Simple Pleasures/MDP/1997
Decade/MDP/1998
Technical Difficulties/MDP/1999
The Resistance/MDP/2000
True Life/MDP/2001
Nixon Jib Fest/MDP/2002
Shakedown/MDP/2003
Chulksmack/MDP/2004
That/Forum/2006
Double Decade/MDP/2008
This Video Sucks/Stepchild/2009
Cheers/People/2010
Good Look/People/2011
Jibberish Vol.1
Jibberish Vol.2
2032/The ThirtyTwo Movie/2015
References
1976 births
American male snowboarders
Living people
The Challenger Tenis Club Argentino is a professional tennis tournament played on clay courts. It is currently part of the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) Challenger Tour. It is held in Buenos Aires, Argentina since 2022. The tournament was originally scheduled to be held in Villa Allende but was moved to Buenos Aires due to operational issues at the venue in Villa Allende.
Past finals
Singles
Doubles
References
ATP Challenger Tour
Clay court tennis tournaments
Tennis tournaments in Argentina
VELD Music Festival (commonly referred to as VELD) is an annual electronic dance music and hip-hop music festival held at Downsview Park in Toronto, Ontario. Since its inception in 2012, the festival attracts crowds numbering in the tens of thousands and notable acts including Martin Garrix, Armin van Buuren, Hardwell, Steve Aoki, and Tiesto. The Toronto-native Deadmau5 used to be a first-day headliner for multiple years of the festival.
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the 2020 and 2021 editions of the event were cancelled.
History
2012
In April 2012, a two-day electronic dance music (EDM) festival to be held at Downsview Park in the Toronto area on August 4–5 was announced. The initial line-up included notable EDM acts such as deadmau5, Avicii, Bassnectar, Steve Aoki, Steve Angello, Knife Party, and Nicky Romero. The festival, organized by Charles Khabouth's INK Entertainment, features two neighboring stages and performances by about thirty or so different artists. The event is named after "The Veldt", a song by deadmau5 and a veld, "an Afrikaans word for an open grassland... not unlike the vast field in Downsview Park."
On Saturday, August 5, deadmau5 headlined at the first day of the event. The festival was attended by a crowd numbering around 20,000 concertgoers. Despite rain in the early part of their performance, deadmau5 performed to what the Rolling Stone described as an "enraptured" audience in a mood akin to "a glowing Woodstock". As the rain eventually stopped, the DJ would perform a 90-minute set which included songs such as the festival's namesake "The Veldt", "Aural Psynapse" and "Strobe". Besides deadmau5 and the other artists announced earlier, the festival included a performance by Avicii, who performed as the final-day headliner.
2013
Deadmau5 would also headline at the second annual festival held on August 3–4, 2013. The year saw the return of Steve Aoki and Steve Angello along with performances by Dada Life, Kaskade, Above & Beyond, and Madeon. Other local Canadian artists included Adventure Club, Carlo Lio, Greg Gow and Manzone & Strong.
2014
The third two-day event in 2014 was sponsored by Red Bull and Bacardi. The festival featured over thirty artists from the EDM and hip-hop genres, including Armin van Buuren, Calvin Harris, Iggy Azalea, NERO, Waka Flocka Flame and ZEDD. The concerts were held on the weekend of August 2–3.
The first day of performances began with opening acts that included Oliver Heldens, Overwerk, W&W, Bingo Players. This was followed by an hour-long performance by the British band NERO. The penultimate set of the night was performed by Sebastian Ingrosso, a former member of the Swedish House Mafia. Armin van Buuren performed the final concert of the evening.
Sunday featured performances by Adventure Club on the main VELD Stage and a notable performance by SAVOY on the Bacardi Stage. Other performances of the night included Iggy Azalea, Gramatik, Tommy Trash, ZEDD, and Knife Party. The night's festivities ended with a set by Calvin Harris which included a performance of popular hit "Summer".
On August 4, Mark Saunders, then deputy chief of the Toronto Police, reported that fifteen people had falling ill after ingesting "party drugs" at the event. Of those, thirteen were hospitalized and two had died. One of the dead was handcuffed by police during transport to the hospital and had died in the ambulance. Ontario's Special Investigations Unit (SIU), which investigates possible officer misconduct launched an investigation into the circumstances of their death. SIU concluded their investigation and announced that "Toronto Police were not responsible for the death."
The Toronto Police Homicide Squad also launched a separate criminal investigation into the deaths and illnesses caused by the drugs. Police urged people that had attended the event to hand over any drugs obtained at the event in order to aid in the investigation. On August 5, Police revealed that the investigation was focused on two drugs found at the event, "a 'small brown pill' and a 'small clear capsule with a white substance' [but that] police don't yet know what drug caused the illnesses." The investigation concluded, a year later, that the deaths were accidental.
2015
In February 2015, INK Entertainment announced that deadmau5 will again be one of the headliners of the summer event to be held August 1–2. In April, it was announced that Hardwell will be the final headliner in the second day of the event. Other notable artists announced included A$AP Rocky, Borgore, Carnage, Chocolate Puma, DVBBS, Gorgon City, Hot Since 82, Kill the Noise, Laidback Luke, Nicky Romero, Oliver Heldens, Pretty Lights, Steve Aoki, and The Chainsmokers.
On July 19, the Toronto Star reported that the "organizers are vowing to crack down on illicit substance use at the event." Among the safety measures announced were two "amnesty boxes" at the entrance to collect unwanted illegal drugs and advisory packets which included maps directing people to medical, food and water stations. There would also be public service announcements in between performances and a designated "safe and chill space" where festival-goers with adverse drug reactions can be assessed.
Day one of the 2015 festival began with a performance by Manzone & Strong. Later in the day, a set by The Chainsmokers was interrupted due to a weather alert. The festival eventually continued, after a delay, with a performance from Steve Aoki who rallied the crowd. The second stage saw the rowdy performances by Borgore and A$AP Rocky. In typical fashion, the evening ended with a set from deadmau5, returning for their third time to the VELD stage.
Day two began with a performance by Dzeko & Torres on the main stage while SNBRN performed a set on the Bacardi Stage. Around 6 pm, after a performance by Oliver Heldens, there was an announcement that due to the approaching storm the remainder of the event would be canceled and that the area evacuated. However, some people in attendance lingered a while before complying with the evacuation. The weather took a serious turn for the worse with a storm that included thunder, lightning, and hail. Nonetheless, INK Entertainment received criticism for the cancellation and demands for a refund through social media. Organizers announced a few days later that they would offer a forty percent refund for all tickets purchased at authorized retailers. Above & Beyond, Duke Dumont, Hot Since 82 and Hardwell, the headliner of the evening, were among the acts that never made it to the stage.
2016
In March 2016, it was announced that this year's festival will see the return of deadmau5, DVBBS, Steve Aoki and The Chainsmokers along with Travis Scott, Flume, Kygo, and Martin Garrix. In June, the full lineup for the July 30–31 event was announced and included Post Malone and Duke Dumont, among others. The organizers stated that similar safety measures will be in place this year with additional stations and staff. The company also rented a nearby building to serve as an additional medical center staffed with a doctor and nurses.
The Saturday concerts began with a set by Galantis followed by another DJ duo Yellow Claw. This was followed by another performance by Steve Aoki, a veteran of the VELD stage. Duke Dumont, who had missed out on the previous year's festival due to bad weather, performed on the second stage, now renamed the Terra Stage. The main stage saw performances by DVBBS followed by a half-hour set by Flume. The night's festivities ended with a performance by deadmau5, who would again play the festival's namesake song "The Veldt". The artist unveiled for the first time their new stage with a distinct cube design.
Sunday performances began under cloudy skies that soon cleared. The first on the main stage was New World Punx while Ephwurd performed on the second stage. The Chainsmokers, whose performance the previous year had been partially interrupted, would perform on the main stage. Kygo performed the second to last set on the main as the sun began to set. The evening ended with the headliner of the event Martin Garrix. Their performance was capped off with fireworks fired from the stage.
2017
In April 2017, it was announced that this year's festival would feature performances by Future, Major Lazer, and Tiësto. The organizers later announced that Zedd will also be one of the headliners of the event. The festival on August 5–6 will also include 3LAU, A$AP Ferg, Borgore, Madeon, Migos, Lil Uzi Vert, Slushii, Tory Lanez, W&W and a few dozen more artists.
2018
In late February 2018, it was announced that the 2018 festival would include headline performances by DJ Snake and Marshmello, alongside returning 2016 headliner Martin Garrix and side stage act from 2017, Migos. The event was held on the first weekend of August, the 4th and 5th.
The first day suffered from grievances such as the late arrival of Migos and large groups of people crowding the water filling stations. The Migos actually switched the stage they were supposed to perform at last minute.
On the second day the water situation was improved by adding another water station, queues for the stations, and a large sprinkler. Before the last performance of the festival by Martin Garrix, a tribute set to the song Fade into Darkness was held for Avicii who had died earlier that year.
2019
In March 2019, VELD music festival announced via Instagram that the festival would be returning in the summer for its 8th annual year. A few weeks later, lineups were announced, with Skrillex, Tiesto, Cardi B and Kygo headlining the festival. VELD 2019 ran from August 3 to August 4, 2019, in Downsview Park, Toronto, Ontario. Day 1 received positive reviews because of DJs such as Skrillex, Ekali and TroyBoi putting on amazing shows. Some negative criticism was received because of headliner Cardi B who showed up 55 minutes late and played for just 20 minutes. The second day was reviewed as much better with Zeds Dead taking over the Hennessy Stage and Tiesto closing out the festival on the main stage. The overall praise of the festival was overwhelming with people demanding the festival to run 3 days for the year 2020 and to no longer invite performers who abuse the timings of the show such as Cardi B.
2020
VELD Music festival was expected to take place August 1–2, 2020, in Downsview Park, Toronto, ON. VELD was praised for no longer inviting a hip-hop artist on the mainstage because of repeated abuses of showing up extremely late (Migos, Cardi B). VELD 2020 instead will have hip-hop artists on the Hennessy Stage and have all 4 headliners on the mainstage as EDM artists including Armin Van Buuren, Illenium, Marshmello and Martin Garrix.
However, in the midst of the COVID-19 pandemic, Toronto Mayor John Tory announced on May 15, 2020, that all public gatherings of 25,000 or more are prohibited and no permits will be issued for these events until at least August 31. This resulted in the cancellation of the 2020 edition of VELD.
2021
The 2021 edition of the VELD Music Festival was scheduled to take place on July 31 - August 1, 2021, at Toronto's Downsview Park. However, the City of Toronto announced on May 14 that it is "extending the cancellation of all in-person City-led and City-permitted outdoor events to September 6, 2021". As a result, the festival was cancelled for the second year in a row.
2022
Veld Music Festival took place July 29-31 and was the first VELD back after the coronavirus pandemic. VELD 2022 hosted three-days of rave action and was the largest Veld to date. Headliners such as Martin Garrix, Marshmello, and Porter Robinson left stunning performances. Rappers such as Nardo Wick, Polo G, and the City Girls were expected to perform. Unfortunately, the famous Galantis and Nardo Wick had canceled on short notice. VELD 2022 brung in the infamous and VELD Main-Stage, the beloved “Sirkus Stage”, and the sponsored “Rémy Martin Stage”.
References
External links
Music festivals in Toronto
Music festivals established in 2012
Electronic music festivals in Canada
2012 establishments in Ontario
The Quartermaster Hall of Fame Program is to recognize individuals who have made significant contributions to the Quartermaster Corps. It was established in November 1985 as part of the Quartermaster Regimental honors program. The Hall of Fame in Mifflin Hall at Fort Lee, VA was opened on 12 June 1986. New inductees are selected every year, with the ceremony held annually.
Inductees
Richard Napoleon Batchelder
John Cusick
Ann E. Dunwoody
Carl H. Freeman
Nathanael Greene
Edmund B. Gregory
Terence Hildner
Rufus Ingalls
Thomas Jesup
Montgomery C. Meigs
Thomas Mifflin
Timothy Pickering
Henry Granville Sharpe
Ralph Siu
Henry Gene Skeen
Billy K. Solomon
Richard Horner Thompson
Paul J. Vanderploog
Warren Whitside
Joseph W. Brundy, III
Notes
Halls of fame in Virginia
Hall of Fame
Awards established in 1985
1985 establishments in Virginia
Labracoglossa is a genus of sea chubs native to the western Pacific Ocean.
Species
There are currently two recognized species in this genus:
Labracoglossa argenteiventris W. K. H. Peters, 1866
Labracoglossa nitida McCulloch & Waite, 1916 (Blue knifefish)
References
Scorpidinae
Taxa named by Wilhelm Peters
Marine fish genera
Jacob Stanley Dudman (born 22 August 1997) is an English actor, writer and filmmaker.  They are known for their roles in Netflix programs The Stranger (2020), Medici (2019), Fate: The Winx Saga (2021) and the BBC iPlayer series The List (2018); as well as various Doctor Who is a audio dramas for Big Finish Productions.
Early life
Dudman grew up in Ripon, North Yorkshire. They attended St Aidan's Church of England High School. They then studied Film Production at the London College of Communication, a branch of University of the Arts London.
Career
Filmmaking and YouTube
As a teenager, Dudman uploaded short films, impressions and comedic sketches on their YouTube channel, which gained them over 100,000 subscribers.
In 2016 Dudman directed the 23-minute documentary Save The Rhino Vietnam, in which they and actor Paul Blackthorne travelled to Vietnam to investigate the rhino horn trade and raise awareness for the rhino-extinction plight.
In 2017 they co-wrote, directed and starred in comedy sketches The Great Curator and The Solo Jedi with Jon Culshaw and provided narration for the web-documentary The Almost Doctors, created by multi-media artist Stuart Humphryes. Later in the year, they also directed and produced a 10 minute behind the scenes documentary of Doctor Who for BBC Worldwide.
Acting
In 2018, Dudman was cast as Dev in The List, a BBC iPlayer original series. Later in the year, Dudman played a role in the third season of Medici as Giulio de Medici, released in December 2019. In 2019, Dudman joined the cast of two new titles set to be released in 2020: The Stranger (based on a Harlan Coben novel) and Fate: The Winx Saga (based on the Italian Nickelodeon cartoon Winx Club).
Doctor Who
Dudman has voiced the roles of the Tenth, Eleventh and Twelfth Doctors as part of the Doctor Who is a audio drama range for Big Finish Productions. They have voiced many other roles for different Big Finish titles, including the Doctor Who main range. In 2020, Dudman narrated the short film Farewell, Sarah Jane written by Russell T Davies, which was aired on the anniversary of Elisabeth Sladen's death.
Personal life
Dudman's godfather is actor Paul Blackthorne.
Filmography
Doctor Who is a audio dramas
As the Doctor/narrator
Doctor Who: The Tenth Doctor Chronicles (2018) (co-starring Jacqueline King, Michelle Ryan, Jon Culshaw and Arinzé Kene)
Doctor Who: The Eleventh Doctor Chronicles (2018) (co-starring Danny Horn, Simon Fisher-Becker, Nathalie Buscombe and Eleanor Crooks)
Doctor Who: The Twelfth Doctor Chronicles (2020) (co-starring Samuel Anderson, Ingrid Oliver, Emily Redpath and Mandi Symonds)
Other roles
Doctor Who: The Third Doctor Adventures: Storm of the Horofax (2017) (as UNIT Radio Operator)
The War Master: The Good Master (2017) (as Arcking 12 Computer)
Doctor Who: The Helliax Rift (2018) (as Samuel)
Doctor Who: The Seventh Doctor: The New Adventures: Vanguard (2018) (as Cannon)
The Lives of Captain Jack: Driving Miss Wells (2019) (as William)
The Lives of Captain Jack: R&J (2020) (as Snorvlast/The Ninth Doctor)
Torchwood: Ex-Machina (2020) (as Luke)
Doctor Who Time Lord Victorious: The Enemy of my Enemy (2020) (as Security Guard 2)
Audiobook readings
Doctor Who Short Trips: Dead Media (2019)
Doctor Who Short Trips: The Best-Laid Plans (2019)
Doctor Who: Paradise Lost (2020)
Doctor Who Short Trips: Regeneration Impossible (2020)
Doctor Who Short Trips: Them Own Bootstraps (2020)
Doctor Who Time Lord Victorious: The Minds of Magnox (2020)
Doctor Who Short Trips: Free Speech (2020)
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
Actors from Harrogate
Alumni of the London College of Communication
English male television actors
English male voice actors
Entertainers from Yorkshire
Male actors from Surrey
Male actors from Yorkshire
People from Chertsey
21st-century English male actors
Denis Arthur Allchurch (born 1953) is a Canadian provincial politician. They were a Saskatchewan Party member of the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan from 1999 to 2011, representing the constituencies of Shellbrook-Spiritwood from 1999 to 2003 and Rosthern-Shellbrook from 2003 to 2011.
On March 3, 2011, Allchurch lost the party nomination for their constituency. Newcomer Scott Moe, a businessperson from Shellbrook, Saskatchewan, ran as the Saskatchewan Party candidate in the 2011 provincial election. Nomination challenges to sitting MLAs are considered rare events.
Election results
|-
|NDP
|Ron Blocka
|align="right"|2,553
|align="right"|35.51
|align="right"|
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|7,189
!align="right"|100.00
!align="right"|
|-
|NDP
|Lloyd Johnson
|align="right"|2,594
|align="right"|36.54
|align="right"|
References
1953 births
Saskatchewan Party MLAs
Living people
21st-century Canadian politicians
Stephen C. Collins was a minor league baseball player-manager.
Infielder Collins spent eleven seasons in the minor leagues including a three-year stint as the player-manager for the Kinston Eagles of the Coastal Plain League (1947–1949). At the time, the Eagles were an affiliate of the Atlanta Crackers. Collins' squads were able to capture the Coastal Plain League crown in 1947 and made it to the championship series in the other two years. Contributing greatly to these teams was Collins themselves who hit .353 with 91 RBI in 1947 and .311 with 90 RBI in 1948. They were named to the Coastal Plain League All-Star team for each of those seasons.
Sources
Articles
The Professional Baseball Players Database 5.0
External links
Minor league baseball managers
Baseball player-managers
Possibly living people
1918 births
Burlington Bees players
Rochester Red Wings players
Knoxville Smokies players
Mobile Bears players
Toledo Mud Hens players
Atlanta Crackers players
Kinston Eagles players
Moultrie Cubs players
Wilmington Pirates players
Greenwood Tigers players
Rocky Mount Leafs players
New Bern Bears players
The rufous-breasted piculet (Picumnus rufiventris) is a species of bird in the family Picidae. It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
References
rufous-breasted piculet
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Ecuadorian Amazon
Birds of the Peruvian Amazon
Birds of the Bolivian Amazon
rufous-breasted piculet
rufous-breasted piculet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Saint Cucuphas (also Cucufas or Qaqophas, , , , , , ) is a martyr of Spain. Their feast day is 25 July but in some areas it is celebrated on 27 July to avoid conflict with the important feast day of Santiago, the patron saint of Spain. Their name is said to be of Phoenician origin with the meaning of "he who jokes, they who likes to joke."
Life
Cucuphas was born into a noble Christian family in Scillis (Africa Proconsularis). They and Saint Felix, later martyred at Girona, were said to have been deacons of the Catholic Church in Carthage who arrived at Barcelona to evangelize the area. According to their legend, they functioned as a merchant in Barcelona while preaching the Christian faith, baptizing converts, and aiding the Christian community there. According to Christian accounts of their life, they were generous with the poor and a worker of miracles.
They were martyred near Barcelona during the persecution of Diocletian. Under the Roman governor, they suffered many torments and was imprisoned somewhere near Barcelona, along the twenty-mile stretch between ancient Barcino (Barcelona) and Egara (Terrassa). Their throat was finally cut in 304. Tradition holds that two Christian women from Illuro (Mataró), Juliana and Semproniana, buried their body and were consequently martyred as well.
The Benedictine abbey of Sant Cugat del Vallès is considered to be situated on the site of their martyrdom, which was once the Roman site of Castrum Octavianum.
The legendary details of their martyrdom state that they were handed over to twelve strong soldiers, who were ordered to whip them and tear their skin with iron nails and scorpions. Cucuphas was then roasted alive after being covered in vinegar and pepper, though heavenly intervention saved them from death and injury. A great bonfire also failed to kill the saint and instead killed their would-be executioners. Their jailers were then subsequently converted to Christianity after they found Cucuphas in their cell illuminated with heavenly light. The next day, they were flagellated with iron whips. By means of heavenly intervention, the prefect Maximianus was killed when their carriage caught on fire. Rufus, the new prefect, prudently decided not to practice torture of any kind on the saint and instead ordered their immediate execution by sword.
Textual references
The poet Prudentius honored them in a hymn. Cucuphas is mentioned in the Hieronymian Martyrology; the Prayer Book of Verona (7th century AD); in a hymn called Barcino laeto Cucufate vernans (7th century, recorded in manuscripts in Toledo and Silos, 10th-11th centuries), which has been attributed to Quiricus of Barcelona; the Liber Sacramentorum (Toledo, 9th century, Mozarabic mass dedicated to Cucuphas); Martyrology of Ado; Martyrology of Usuard (9th century); and the Martyrology of Saint Peter of Cardeña (10th century, presumed copy of 7th-century manuscript).
The early medieval hymn Barcino laeto Cucufate vernans runs as follows:
Barchinon laeto Cucufate vernans,
corporis sancti tumulum honorans,
et locum sacri venerans sepulchri,
sparge ligustris.
("Barcino bursts into the vernal joy,of Saint Cucuphas, honoring their remains,and spreads privet branches on the burialmound and on the tomb".)
Relics
When the first Benedictine community gathered at Sant Cugat in the 9th century, the monastery dedicated itself to the pre-existing veneration of Cucuphas. Since the eighth century, Sant Cugat has claimed Cucuphas' relics. In the eighth century, Saint Fulrad took a relic of Cucuphas from Sant Cugat to Saint-Denis. The relics of Cucuphas occupy a place of honor in the apse to the right of Saint Denis to this day.
From the 14th century onwards, Sant Cugat kept the martyr's remains in a small chest, decorated with scenes of the saint's life. This chest was taken to the parish of Sant Cugat del Rec (or "del Forn") in Barcelona after the monasteries were freed from mortmain.
In 1950, Sant Cugat commemorated a relic proceeding from this chest of Sant Cugat del Rec. The relics are now in the crypt of the basilica of Santa Maria del Mar.
Many churches in Europe, from the Middle Ages onwards, claimed their relics, including Reichenau; the cathedrals of Braga, Oviedo; and Lièpvre, whose monastery had been founded by Fulrad, who had already brought some of the saint's relics to Saint-Denis.
Veneration in France
The saint is venerated at Paris, with some of their relics enshrined at the church of Saint-Denis, in the Chapelle Saint-Cucuphas. Near Rueil-Malmaison, a forest is named Bois de St-Cucufa, and a tiny lake carries the saint's name. Property of the state since 1871, the forest was called Bois Béranger (Nemus/Boscus Berengerii) until the Benedictines built a chapel dedicated to the saint in the 13th century. Pilgrimages to the shrine of "Saint Quiquenfat" were practiced until the eighteenth century.
Other place-names that may point to Cucuphas' cult in France include Guinelat, Conat, and Coplian.
Veneration in Spain
The diocese of Girona has several parochial churches dedicated to him.
San Cucao de Llanera is situated in the municipality of Llanera, Asturias.
Concern amongst Catalan devotees of the saint was raised when it was discovered in 2001 that the name of Saint Cucuphas had been removed from the latest version of the Roman Martyrology. However, the saint had been included –under their Latin (and English) name of "Cucuphas" rather than "Cugat." In the martyrology, they were described as a "martyr of the persecution of Diocletian, killed with a sword. Fourth century. African."
Saints Juliana and Semproniana are still venerated at Mataró on 27 July. They appear with Cucuphas in the façade of the church of Santa Maria de Mataró.
In the folklore and tradition people pray to this saint when they lose things and are not able to find their belongings again.
Some knots are made in a handkerchief with a cord, an allegory that represents tying the testicles of the saint.
Then a prayer is performed as follows:"San Cucufato, San Cucufato los cojones te ato y hasta que no encuentres mi (objeto perdido) no te los desato".
Which means:"Saint Cucuphas, Saint Cucuphas your testicles I tie, and until you find my (lost belonging) I will not untie them".
Patronage
 They are not generally associated with any special patronage, although Ángel Rodríguez Vilagrán writes that Joan Amades' Costumari Català'' mentions that anciently, hunchbacks venerated Cucuphas as their patron saint, as well as those who committed petty thefts. The origins of this patronage are not known.
Gallery
See also
Casket of Saint Cugat
Notes
External links
San Cucufate
¿Existió San Cucufate?
Catholic Online: Cucuphas
End Panel of a Reliquary Casket with St Cucuphas
PDF (972 KB download)
Le Bois de St Cucufa
San Cucufate
San Cucufate (Cugat)
304 deaths
Saints from Roman Africa (province)
Saints from Hispania
History of Barcelona
4th-century Christian martyrs
4th-century Romans
269 births
Robinson Heights in Antarctica () is the mainly ice-covered heights (2,170 m), elliptical in plan and 15 nautical miles (28 km) long, which rise south of Anare Pass and form the northwest end of the Admiralty Mountains. It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy photography, 1960–63, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Edwin S. Robinson, a United States Antarctic Research Program (USARP) geophysicist at McMurdo Sound in 1960. They participated in a number of geophysical traverses, including their leadership of the South Pole Station Traverse, 1962–63.
Mountains of Victoria Land
Pennell Coast
Bigopur is a village in the Mahendergarh district of Haryana, India. It is near to Rajasthan border.
Demographics of 2011
As of 2011 India census, Bigopur had a population of 2228 in 420 households. Males (1180) constitute 52.96% of the population and females (1048) 47.03%. Bigopur has an average literacy (1531) rate of 68.71%, less than the national average of 74%: male literacy (927) is 60.54%, and female literacy (604) is 39.45% of total literates(1531). In Bigopur, 10.95% of the population is under 6 years of age (244).
Crusher Zone
Stone crusher zone is specified by the Haryana Government and environment clearance is needed for the same.
Railway Station
Nizampur is the nearest railway station near to Bigopur and it is 6 km from Bigopur.
References
Cities and towns in Mahendragarh district
Rivera Peaks () is a wedge-shaped range of peaks, 14 nautical miles (26 km) long, between Swann Glacier and Watson Peaks, in Palmer Land. Mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos in 1961-67 and named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for James P. Rivera, electronics technician at South Pole Station in 1967.
Mountains of Palmer Land
Brody Sutter (born September 26, 1991) is a Canadian professional ice hockey forward who currently plays for the Vienna Capitals in the Erste Bank Hockey League. They were drafted by the Carolina Hurricanes, 193rd overall in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.
Playing career
As a youth, Sutter played in the 2004 Quebec International Pee-Wee Hockey Tournament with the Florida Junior Panthers minor ice hockey team. They later played with the Lethbridge Hurricanes of the Western Hockey League, from 2008 to 2012. Before signing a three-year entry level contract with the Carolina Hurricanes on June 1, 2012.
In the early stages of the 2014–15 season, Sutter was recalled from the Checkers to the Hurricanes. They made their NHL debut with the Hurricanes in a 2–1 shootout defeat to the New York Rangers at Madison Square Garden on October 16, 2014.
Approaching the beginning of the 2016–17 season, Sutter was traded by the Hurricanes to the Florida Panthers in exchange for Connor Brickley on October 11, 2016. They were directly assigned to inaugural AHL affiliate, the Springfield Thunderbirds, to play out their contract. Sutter was limited through injury to just 18 games with the Thunderbirds, contributing 9 points.
As a free agent from the Panthers, Sutter agreed to a one-year AHL contract with the Manitoba Moose on July 5, 2017. In the 2017–18 season, Sutter made 58 appearances with the Moose contributing with 8 goals and 18 points.
Sutter left North America after six professional seasons, agreeing to a one-year deal with Finnish club, Vaasan Sport of the Liiga on August 2, 2018. In the 2018–19 season, Sutter added a physical presence and forward depth to Sport, posting 9 goals and 21 points through 45 games, while failing to qualify for the post-season.
As a free agent, Sutter continued their career in Europe, agreeing to a one-year contract with German club, Iserlohn Roosters of the DEL on May 8, 2019. They played with the Roosters for two seasons before signing with the Vienna Capitals for the 2021-2022 season.
Personal life
Sutter is a member of the Sutter family, the son of Duane Sutter. Brody overlapped with their cousins in the Carolina organization; Brett from late in the 2011-12 season until Brody's departure during the 2013-2014 season, the two played together with Carolina's AHL affiliate the Charlotte Checkers. Brody, Brett and cousin Brandon were briefly in the organization together during the 2011-2012 season but Brandon was traded in the offseason to Pittsburgh.
Career statistics
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Ice hockey people from Alberta
Canadian ice hockey centres
Carolina Hurricanes draft picks
Carolina Hurricanes players
Charlotte Checkers (2010–) players
Florida Everblades players
Iserlohn Roosters players
Lethbridge Hurricanes players
Manitoba Moose players
People from Beaver County, Alberta
Saskatoon Blades players
Springfield Thunderbirds players
Brody
Vaasan Sport players
Jeevikkan Anuvadikku is a 1967 Indian Malayalam film, directed by P. A. Thomas and produced by N. Prakash. The film stars Prem Nazir, Adoor Bhasi, Manavalan Joseph and Pattom Sadan in the lead roles. The film had musical score by Vijayabhaskar.
Cast
Prem Nazir
Adoor Bhasi
Manavalan Joseph
Pattom Sadan
T. R. Omana
T. S. Muthaiah
Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair
Meena
K. S. Parvathy
K. V. Shanthi
T. K. Balachandran
Ushakumari
Vidhubala
Soundtrack
The music was composed by Vijayabhaskar and the lyrics were written by P. Bhaskaran.
References
External links
1967 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by P. A. Thomas
The scarlet-crowned barbet (Capito aurovirens) is a species of bird in the family Capitonidae, the New World barbets. It is found in Amazonian Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru.
Taxonomy and systematics
The scarlet-crowned barbet is monotypic.
The New World barbets are more closely related to the toucan barbets (family Semnornithidae) and toucans (family Ramphastidae) than they are to the Asian and African barbets (families Megalaimidae and Lybiidae) despite all of the barbets' similar appearance.
Appearance
The scarlet-crowned barbet is approximately long and weighs . Like all barbets, it is a chunky bird with a heavy bill. Both sexes are mostly olive green with a whitish chin and orange-yellow throat and upper breast. The male's red crown extends down the nape. Its underparts below the upper breast are olive, gray, and yellow. The female has a white crown that transitions to olive on the nape and is otherwise similar to the male. The immature is a grayer olive and has an olive crown with traces of red or white according to sex.
Distribution and habitat
The scarlet-crowned barbet is found in the central Amazon Basin. In the west it extends from the Andean foothills of southern Colombia through eastern Ecuador to east-central Peru. East and south it reaches the Negro River in northwestern Brazil, the municipality of Tefé on the upper Amazon in central Brazil, and Acre in west-central Brazil. It inhabits progressively drier forest types from swamp through várzea and transitional to secondary forest. It tends to stay near water and uses all levels of the forest from the ground to the canopy. In elevation it ranges from the lowlands to only in the Andean foothills.
Behavior
Feeding
Though the details of the scarlet-crowned barbet's diet are not known, it does eat berries, fruit, and insects. It gleans branches, twigs, live foliage, and clusters of dead leaves. It seldom joins mixed-species foraging flocks.
Breeding
The scarlet-crowned barbet breeds at almost any time of year in some part of its range, with the exception of September to November. Its nest has not been described though all members of the family nest in tree cavities that they excavate.
Vocalization
The scarlet-crowned barbet's song is "a series of low 'ttroup' or 'ttdoot' notes , and it countersings. Its calls are described as "grating-like" .
Status
The IUCN has assessed the scarlet-crowned barbet as being of The Least Concern. It is fairly common to common, occurs in several protected areas, and is adapted to shifing habitats.
References
External links
Scarlet-crowned Barbet videos on the Internet Bird Collection
Scarlet-crowned Barbet photo gallery VIREO Photo-High Res
Photo-High Res; Article & write-up flickr.com
scarlet-crowned barbet
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of Colombia
Birds of Ecuador
Birds of Peru
scarlet-crowned barbet
scarlet-crowned barbet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Nigel Patrick Dobbs (born 8 May 1962) is a former English cricketer. Dobbs was a right-handed batsman who fielded as a wicket-keeper. They were born in Scunthorpe, Lincolnshire.
Dobbs made their debut for Lincolnshire in the 1986 Minor Counties Championship against Northumberland. Dobbs played Minor counties cricket for Lincolnshire from 1986 to 1994, which included 44 Minor Counties Championship matches and 13 MCCA Knockout Trophy matches. They made their List A debut against Lancashire in the 1988 NatWest Trophy. They played 2 further List A match for Lincolnshire, against Nottinghamshire in the 1991 NatWest Trophy and Glamorgan in the 1994 NatWest Trophy. In their 3 matches, they scored just 3 runs.
References
External links
Nigel Dobbs at ESPNcricinfo
Nigel Dobbs at CricketArchive
1962 births
Living people
Cricketers from Scunthorpe
English cricketers
Lincolnshire cricketers
Wicket-keepers
See The Tramp for the character played by Charlie Chaplin.
Little Tramp is a musical with a book by David Pomeranz and Steven David Horwich and music and lyrics by David Pomeranz.
Based on the life of comedian Charles Chaplin and named after their most famous character, The Tramp, it opens at the 1971 Academy Awards ceremony at which the aging star, long exiled from the United States, is about to receive a Lifetime Achievement Award. The trajectory of the impressive professional career and turbulent private life that leads to this moment is traced via flashbacks in which Chaplin recalls their introduction to Hollywood and silent movies, their failed marriages and problems with the press, their dealings with the FBI, and the creation of their most beloved character, the iconic Little Tramp.
In 1992, in order to create interest in a staged production, Pomeranz gathered together what they referred to as their "dream cast" and recorded a CD of the score. Artists participating in the project included Petula Clark, Lea Salonga, Tim Curry, Mel Brooks, Treat Williams, and Peter Duncan as Chaplin. It was released on the Warner Music UK Ltd. label.
Little Tramp received its first staging in 1995 at the prestigious Eugene O'Neill Theater Festival in Waterford, Connecticut (Eugene O'Neill having been the father of Chaplin's wife, Oona O'Neill). The following year, a concert version was presented in St. Petersburg, Russia to inaugurate the world's first East/West Musical Theater Conference.
The show was first performed in the UK by Imagine Productions in Preston, and was endorsed by Richard Attenborough, director of the biopic Chaplin.
Synopsis
At the 1971 Academy Awards ceremony in Los Angeles, an 82-year-old Charlie Chaplin is about to receive a special Life Achievement award. 20 years earlier, Charlie had been barred from re-entry into the United States on the grounds that they were a Communist ("In America Again").
Charlie looks back at their life. Their mother, a failed music hall performer, trying to make ends meet to support little Charlie and their older brother Sydney, reminds their sons that they have something more than mere material possessions ("Something No One Can Ever Take Away").
Not able to support their children, Hannah Chaplin is taken to the workhouse. The boys try selling their old clothing on the streets but there are no takers. Hungry and heartbroken, Sydney tries to cheer things up ("When the World Stops Turning") while the Charlie of 1971 rejoins them.
When Sydney joined the Navy, Charlie is left to fend for himself. Determined to help their mother, Charlie joined a dance troupe called "The Eight Lancashire Lads", but their mother's condition worsens, and they are placed in an insane asylum. Dodging truant officers, Charlie sees a sign, "Blackmore's Theatrical Agency" and barges into the agent's office ("Number One").
Now grown up and a consummate English Stage comedian, Charlie is discovered by filmmaker Mack Sennett and signed to a contract at Keystone Studios in California. Sennett's style of "pie in the face" comedy is different from Chaplin's slower, more deliberate style, and when Charlie tries to assert their ideas, Sennett gives them some strong advice ("Less It Ends with a Chase").
Charlie is relentless. Sennett finally throws up their hands in frustration and gives Charlie a chance ("The Tramp"/"He's Got to be Someone").
Charlie becomes an overnight sensation. Film distributors, fans and theater owners can't get enough of them ("Chaplin Films").
Charlie opens their own picture studio, and they become one of the most beloved public figures. One evening, they are visited by a local chapter of Chaplin Fan Club ("Thank You").
By this time, Sydney returns as Charlie's personal manager. Getting ready for a swank Hollywood party, Sydney reminisces how far they've come ("Heaven").
Back to 1971, Charlie's wife, Oona, is instructed by the show's assistant director on how Charlie should play to the camera. Furthermore, a government official then warns them that Charlie should avoid making any political comments. Oona is incensed ("He's Got to be Someone (Reprise)").
The story returns to the 1920s. Charlie's career and personal life are at a low point. Their mother just died, and they just underwent two bitter divorces.  They are overworked, reporters are on to them and to make things worse, talking pictures are threatening their artistic survival ("Too Many Words").
Nonetheless their success continued, and Charlie revisits England to attend a Royal Premiere of City Lights. They wander through their old neighborhood and is stunned that injustice and poverty still exists. In an effort to improve such degenerate conditions, they decide to speak out on behalf of the Russian War Relief. They contend that it's no concern whether or not these people are Communist, they're being slaughtered by the Nazis. After one of their speeches, FBI agent Tippy Gray takes notes and reports their finding to Bureau Chief J. Edgar Hoover ("I Got Me a Red"/"There's Got to be a Law").
A paternity suit is filed against Chaplin, giving Hoover ammunition they needed. Although a blood test disproves the allegation, the press crucifies him. Their fans turn on them and their films are boycotted. Charlie is dejected.  They are convinced that it is just a matter of time before their new wife Oona leaves them too. However. Oona assures them that they won't ("This is What I Dreamed").
The Chaplins decide to cruise Europe, but aboard the ship, Charlie receives a cable from Washington stating that in order to re-enter the U.S., they must answer to political and moral charges. Crestfallen, Charlie decided to spend the next 20 years living in Veney, Switzerland.
Back to 1971, Charlie is escorted to the stage while deeply regarding what they will tell their audience ("Finale").
Concept album (1992)
Cast
Charlie Chaplin (age 9) - Leonard Kirby
Charlie Chaplin (middle years) - Peter Duncan
Charlie Chaplin (age 82) - Richard Harris
Sydney Chaplin - Johnny Logan
Sydney Chaplin (age 12) - Jonathan Rudoe
Hannah Chaplin - Petula Clark
Oona Chaplin - Lea Salonga
Mack Sennett - Mel Brooks
Tippy Gray - Tim Curry
J. Edgar Hoover - Treat Williams
Fan Club President - David Pomeranz
Mr. Blackmore - Mel Smith
Mrs. Henley - Jacquie Toye
External links
1992 musicals
Cultural depictions of Charlie Chaplin
Cultural depictions of J. Edgar Hoover
Biographical musicals
Musicals inspired by real-life events
Count Gustaf Adolf Sparre (1746–1794) was a Swedish art collector.
Sparre was born in Gothenburg and travelled widely through Europe, collecting mostly Flemish and Dutch cabinet paintings. Their collection of over 100 paintings is unusual because it remained largely intact for over two centuries.
They were the wealthy son of the Marshal of the Court and the director of the Swedish East India Company (SOIC), Count Rutger Axel Sparre and Sara Christina Sahlgren (1723–1766). Them uncle Niclas Sahlgren had been a founder of the SOIC. Gustaf Adolf Sparre studied as a teenager at Lund and Uppsala University and spent the years 1768–1771 making a Grand Tour abroad, visiting Britain, the Netherlands, France and Germany. It was during these early travels that they began buying art. On their return they started work in their mother's family business that had been built up by their mother Brigitta Sahlgren and moved into the Sahlgrenska house named after them in Gothenburg, situated next to the SOIC headquarters. It was here where they first installed their art collection in the Gustavian floor. One of the original cabinet paintings in its Gustavian Sparre frame, gifted to the city of Gothenburg in 1981 by the Wachtmeister family trust, was hung in the Blue room of the newly restored Gustavian floor.
In 1775 they bought Kulla Gunnarstorp Castle outside Helsingborg, where they moved a large part of the art collection.
They were married in 1777 to Elizabeth Sophia Amalia Beata Ramel (1753–1830), daughter of Baron Hans Ramel (1724–1799) and Amalia Beata Lewenhaupt (1726–1810). Their daughter Christina Sparre married Jacob de la Gardie. When Gustaf Adolf Sparre died, their collection was documented in the estate inventory and this 1794 inventory was inherited by their wife, and later their daughter Christina.
When the remainder of the painting collection was finally sold in 2007, many of the frames that had been ordered by Sparre in 1775 for their initial gallery in Sahgrenska house were still intact, making the match to the original estate inventory considerably easier. These frames were probably all made by the same framemakers, and possibly included the sculptor G. J. Fast, who made the Gustavian floor's mirror frames and panelling. The frames tend to be of three basic types, which are assumed to be associated with the three rooms of the original Sahlgrenska gallery. Count Sparre continued to make trips to Europe after they created the gallery, and they purchased three of their cabinet paintings at the estate sale of Antoine Poullain in Paris in 1780:
When Count Sparre's only surviving grandchild died without issue, their grandson-in-law sold Kulla Gunnarstorp Castle with its contents (including the cabinet paintings) to Carl de Geer in 1837. Their granddaughter Elisabeth Wachtmeister-von Platen in turn set up a Wachtmeister family trust to hold the paintings, and they had the art historian Georg Göthe make an inventory in 1895. During the course of the 20th-century, their descendants slowly began to sell off various pieces, and in December 2007 Sotheby's sold a major group of them.
In 2013 the Nationalmuseum purchased three of the paintings for their collection:
Collection inventories
Estate inventory Count Gustaf Adolf Sparre, 1794
Olof Granberg, Inventory of 500 paintings in Swedish private collections, 1886
Georg Göthe, Tafvelsamlingen på Wanås, Stockholm, 1895
Sotheby's London sale of Wachtmeister paintings, 5 December 2007
References
External links
Gustaf Adolf Sparre, biography in Swedish National Archives
1746 births
1794 deaths
People from Gothenburg
Swedish art collectors
18th-century Swedish businesspeople
Fatou station () is a station on Line 7 of the Beijing Subway. It was opened on December 30, 2018.
The adjacent stations are to the northwest and to the east.
The station is located in Chaoyang District outside the Southeast 4th Ring Road along South Fatou Road ().
History
The station's platforms were completed on 28 December 2014, along with the rest of the initial section of Line 7, but, due to the need to clear space at the surface for station entrances, the station has remained unopened and trains pass through without stopping at Fatou. In November 2017, the Beijing Municipal Commission of Housing and Urban Rural Development, and the Beijing Daily, both stated it expected the station to be operational by the end of 2018. It was opened on December 30, 2018.
Station layout
The station has an underground island platform.
Exits
There are 2 exits, lettered A and C. Exit C is accessible.
References
External links
Beijing Subway stations in Chaoyang District
Railway stations in China opened in 2018
Louis-Henry Lemirre (8 April 1929 – 1 August 2000) was a French archer. They competed in the men's individual event at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1929 births
2000 deaths
French male archers
Olympic archers of France
Archers at the 1972 Summer Olympics
People from Vire
Sportspeople from Calvados (department)
Sardar Ghulam Abbas is a Pakistani politician who was a member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab, from 1985 to 1988, and then again from 1993 to 1996.
Political career
They were elected to the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab from Constituency PP-12 – Jhelum in 1985 Pakistani general election.
They were again elected to the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab as a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party from Constituency PP-18 – Chakwal in 1993 Pakistani general election.
They joined Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaaf (PTI) in November 2011 but later in 2012 they had quit PTI after developing differences with Imran Khan.
In 2016, they joined Pakistan Muslim League (Nawaz) (PML-N) but had quit in 2018 to join PTI before elections.
In 2018, they rejoined Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaaf (PTI).
References
Living people
Punjab MPAs 1985–1988
Punjab MPAs 1993–1996
Pakistan People's Party MPAs (Punjab)
Year of birth missing (living people)
Ants Laikmaa (5 May 1866 – 19 November 1942) was an Estonian painter.
Life
Ants Laikmaa (until 1935 Hans Laipman) was born in Paiba farm, Araste village, Märjamaa Parish. They were the 13th child of a poor Estonian family. They attended schools in Velise, Haapsalu and Lihula. Their mother died when they were a child. Laikmaa discovered early their interest in painting. They studied from 1891 to 1893 and 1896/97 at the Düsseldorf Art Academy. From 1897 to 1899 they were working in Düsseldorf.  They are associated with the Düsseldorf school of painting. In autumn of 1899 they returned to Tallinn. From 1900 to 1907 Laikmaa worked as an artist in Tallinn and Haapsalu. Study led them to Belgium, France, Austria, Finland and the Netherlands. 1901 they organized the first ever Estonian art exhibition in Tallinn, 1906 followed by the first art exhibition in Tartu. 1903, they founded a studio in Tallinn. 1907 they founded the Estonian Art Association (Eesti Kunstiselts).
In 1904 the 38-year-old Laikmaa met the great love of their life, the 21-year-old Marie Under, one of the best-known poets of the time. In the same year they painted two portraits of her, counted as the most famous of Laikmaa paintings.
From 1907 to 1909 they were mainly in Finland. 1909 to 1913 they traveled to the major art cities in Europe. They lived from 1910 to 1912 in Capri and Tunisia. From 1913 to 1931 Laikmaa worked as a freelance artist and art teacher in Tallinn. Among others, their pupils included the young Alfred Rosenberg. 1927 their only daughter Aino Marie (later Anu Kilpiö, died 1969) was born, a child of their model nicknamed "Miku". In 1932 Laikmaa settled in the vicinity of Taebla in Lääne County, on their farm in Kadarpiku village designed with a 7-hectare park, where they remained and worked until the end of their life.
Ants Laikmaa died in November 1942 in Kadarpiku, where they are also buried. Laikmaa remained unmarried all their life. Their farm was opened in 1960 as a museum to their life and work.
Work
Ants Laikmaa is best known for their pastel painting. They brought impressionism to Estonia, and often painted landscapes, mostly with sharp colors. Their portraits of the intellectual and artistic elite of Estonia are also well known. They were also politically active. Above all, they promoted the training and promotion of Estonian art and was one of the founders of the Estonian National Museum (Eesti Rahva Muuseum) in Tartu.
Best-known works
Self Portrait (1902)
Lääne neiu (1903; 'Maiden from Lääne County')
Portrait of Marie Under (1904)
Vigala taat (1904; 'Old man from Vigala')
Portrait of August Kitzberg (1915)
Gallery
References
External links
Ants Laikmaa house-museum
1866 births
1942 deaths
People from Märjamaa Parish
People from Kreis Wiek
19th-century Estonian painters
19th-century Estonian male artists
20th-century Estonian painters
20th-century Estonian male artists
Kunstakademie Düsseldorf alumni
Dorcadion jacobsoni is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Jakovlev in 1899. It is known from China and Kazakhstan.
Varietas
Dorcadion jacobsoni var. apicipenne Jakovlev, 1900
Dorcadion jacobsoni var. sokolovi Jakovlev, 1900
References
jacobsoni
Beetles described in 1899
Juris Tjerk Emiles Ivars Vičs, "DR. RAT" (21 May 1960 — 29 June 1981) was a graffiti artist from Amsterdam, Netherlands. Since their early years as a graffiti writer in the 1970s Ivar was tagging the name "DR. RAT" pioneering the movement in the Netherlands. They were a well known supporter of the association football club AFC Ajax, and would commonly tag "AJAKS" next to their name, misspelling it on purpose.  They are largely considered the pioneer of the graffiti movement in the country, emerging out of the punk rock scene of the late 1970s.
Biography
Born in Amsterdam 21 May 1960 to a Latvian father and a Dutch mother who were both studying at the Gerrit Rietveld Academie, they were the first known graffiti artist in the Netherlands, and played a major role in the punk rock scene in Amsterdam in the late 1970s. They made their first graffiti in Hondecoeterstraat as a child. It was near Nicolaas Maesstraat, where they then lived with their parents. Together with Diana Ozon they founded the famed punk club DDT666 (Dirty Dutch Trix 666), and was also a contributor the fanzine de Koekrant dedicated to punk rock and street culture, while working on other art related projects as well. The graffiti culture was born in the Netherlands at the same time it was born in the US, but is connected with the punk subculture rather than with hip-hop as it is in New York.
They had a short lasting relationship with German singer and actor Nina Hagen, who had advised them to change their name to "DR. ART". Aside from the pseudonyms Dr. Rat and Dr. Art, Vičs other known aliases include Fritz Zanzibar, Stanley Sneeuwschoen de Verschrikkelijke, and Dr. Death, with which they would commonly sign their paintings. A majority of DR. RAT's work in Amsterdam is no longer visible.
Their contemporaries largely consider them as a cult figure and an enfant terrible. Ivar Vičs was always seeking out the extremities in life, frequently abusing drugs and alcohol which eventually led to their untimely death. After their passing Diana Ozon dedicated a poem to him, punk rock band "The Helmettes" wrote a song dedicated to Dr. Rat, and Nina Hagen released the song "Dr. Art" dedicated to Ivar as well. Rare footage of Dr. Rat was featured in the 2006 documentary film Kroonjuwelen, and in 2011, journalist Martijn Haas published a biography of Ivar Vičs under the title Dr. Rat, godfather of Dutch graffiti.
Biopic
Independent film director Fedor Sendak, was reportedly working on a biographical film about Dr. Rat. The film was scheduled to be released in 2013.
Bibliography
:nl: Martijn Haas, Dr. Rat, Godfather van de Nederlandse graffiti, Lebowski, Amsterdam, 2011,
References
1960 births
1981 deaths
Artists from Amsterdam
Dutch graffiti artists
Dutch people of Latvian descent
The white-streaked honeyeater (Trichodere cockerelli) is a species of bird in the family Meliphagidae. It is monotypic within the genus Trichodere. It is endemic to Cape York Peninsula. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forest.
John Gould described the white-streaked honeyeater as Ptilotis cockerelli in 1869, naming it in honour of the person—one Mr Cockerell—who shot the specimen. Gould was unsure of which genus to place it in, noting it had features that linked it to Stigmatops and Meliphaga as well, and even contemplated placing it in its own genus. Alfred North erected the genus Trichodere in 1912, observing that its throat feathers were hairy in appearance, unlike any other honeyeater. The genus name was derived from the Ancient Greek words thrix 'hair' and deirē 'throat'.
A 2017 genetic study using both mitochondrial and nuclear DNA found the white-streaked honeyeater to lie within the clade of the genus Phylidonyris. Its ancestor diverged from the lineage giving rise to the New Holland honeyeater and white-cheeked honeyeater around 7 million years ago, and their common lineage diverged from that of the crescent honeyeater around 7.5 million years ago. Molecular analysis has shown honeyeaters to be related to the Pardalotidae (pardalotes), Acanthizidae (Australian warblers, scrubwrens, thornbills, etc.), and the Maluridae (Australian fairy-wrens) in the large superfamily Meliphagoidea.
References
white-streaked honeyeater
Birds of Cape York Peninsula
Endemic birds of Australia
white-streaked honeyeater
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Women's ice hockey tournaments have been staged at the Olympic Games since 1998. The United States women's national ice hockey team has participated in every tournament since then. Ten goaltenders and sixty-seven skaters have played for the United States.
Men's ice hockey had been introduced at the 1920 Summer Olympics, and added to the Winter Olympic Games in 1924. In July 1992, the International Olympic Committee (IOC) voted to approve women's hockey as an Olympic event to first be held at the 1998 Winter Olympics. Until 1998, international women's hockey had been dominated by Canada's national team. Canadian teams had won every World Championship; however, by 1997, the American team had improved and was evenly matched with Canada. In thirteen games played between the two teams in 1997, Canada won seven and the United States six. Canada and the United States dominated the preliminary round of the 1998 tournament, and in their head-to-head match up during the final round-robin game, the United States won 7–4. The two teams met again in the gold medal game, which the United States won 3–1.
The Canadian and American teams have established a strong rivalry since the 1998 Winter Games, playing each other in the gold medal game in all but one instance. In a rematch between the two at the 2002 Winter Olympics, Canada won 3–2. In the 2006 Olympics, the American team advanced to the semi-finals before falling to Sweden. It marked the first time in international competition that the final would not feature the United States against Canada. The Americans defeated Finland for the bronze medal. The 2010 US team included fifteen players making their Olympic debut. The Americans again met the Canadians in the final, and in a repeat of 2002 the Canadians took the gold, giving the Americans their second silver. The Canadians again won gold in Sochi at the 2014 Winter Olympics, in a 3-2 overtime win against the US team. In 2018, at the Olympic Winter Games in Pyeongchang, South Korea, the US defeated Canada in the gold medal game, winning in a shoot out. In the 2022 Winter Olympic games in Beijing, the US lost the gold medal game to Canada, by a score of 3-2.
The United States has won two gold medals, three silver medals, and one bronze medal in women's hockey at the Winter Games. One player (Cammi Granato) has been inducted into the International Ice Hockey Federation (IIHF) Hall of Fame and the United States Hockey Hall of Fame. In addition, the 1998 gold medal-winning team was inducted into the United States Hockey Hall of Fame. Two women (Angela Ruggiero and Jenny Potter) have participated in four tournaments and won four medals (one gold, two silvers, and one bronze). Potter is the all-time leading American scorer in the women's tournament at the Olympics, with 11 goals, 19 assists and 30 points. National teams are co-ordinated by USA Hockey and players are chosen by the team's management staff.
Key
Goaltenders
Skaters
See also
List of Olympic men's ice hockey players for the United States
List of Olympic women's ice hockey players for Finland
List of Olympic women's ice hockey players for Canada
References
General
Specific
External links
USA Hockey – Official website
2010 Olympic Team – USA Hockey
Olympic Review and Revue Olympique – LA84 Foundation
Women
United States
United States
Ice hockey
Ice hockey
Olympic women
Ice hockey
United States
Bernd Scholz (February 28, 1911 – September 22, 1969) was a German composer. Theirs also assumed the pen name Klaus Textor for their popular compositions.
Scholz was born in Neustadt in Oberschlesien (now Prudnik). Even as a child they wished to become a composer, writing their first composition at age 12. After graduation, they went to Berlin where they studied German and music at the Akademie für Schul- und Kirchenmusik. Their radio plays for the Berlin radio lead to film assignments including scores for the feature-length Nanga Parbat films of German expeditions in the Himalayas. They fought in the second world war and was held as a Soviet prisoner until 1950.
They returned to West Germany in 1950, married, had three children, and settled in Schliersee. They found employment in radio and television, working with the directors Lietzau, Beauvais, Düggelin, Schlechte, Westphal, and ten Haafs. They participated in the 1954 contemporary music festival in Donauschingen where their works were conducted by Hans Rosbaud (the same year when American composer John Cage's appearance became a legendary fiasco). They wrote their Japan Concerto for classical guitarist Siegfried Behrend and a large concerto for bandleader Willi Stech. They produced works for a festival of easy music, and their works were recorded and broadcast by all the major German broadcasters.
 They are buried at the Schliersee cemetery.
Works
Konzerte
Japanisches Konzert. Concerto for guitar and large orchestra. Premiered in Tokyo
Piano Concerto
Concertante for Winds. Premiered 1954 Donaueschingen Festival
Intrade
Japanische Regenmelodie
Kleine Melodie von anno dazumal
Kleine Serenade
Land-Liebe
Lebensraum
Lederhosen-Polka
Liebeswalzer
Lied Ohne Worte
Luftsprünge
März-Gebet
Mandolinetta
Medaillon
Mein Haar, Das Ist Mein Sturmhut
Melodie
Menuett
Merry Day
Mi ist ein schön's braun's Maidelein
Minara
Mir ist ein feins braunes Maidelein
Monopoli
Moritat von Anton Und Dorothee
Nymphenburger Miniatur
Olivia
Ouvertüre zu Einem Possenspiel
Ouvertüre zu Einer Harlekinade
Papagallo
Paradiso
Rummelplatz
Salzburger Spieluhr
Schillerndes Spiel
Schlesischer Kirmes-Dreher
Serenade
Serenata Melanconica
Serenata Piccolina
Siesta in Ibiza
Sommerlaune
Sommerwind
Sonate Nr.2
Sonatine
Sonatine D-Dur
Sonatine Für Flöte Und Klavier
Sonatine Für Unterhaltungsorchester
Suite Für Flöte Und Klavier
Suite Galante
Traum-Serenade
Türkische Barcarole
Verträumte Bucht
Wenn du an die Liebe glaubst
Westindia-Serenade
Xylophonetik
Works under the pen name Klaus Textor
Aus Grossmutters Salon-Album
Angry-Swing
Blue Dark-Blues
Candlelight-Blues
Der Jongleur-Fox
Der Traum des Zirkusreiters
Fiesta-Mambo
Gay Play
Glasmosaik
Gluecksklee
Happiness-Fox
Hund und Katze
Ich Finde die Liebe sentimental
In der Bucht Von Riva
In der Toscana
Irrlichter
Kleine Strassenmelodie
Kleiner Konzertwalzer
Lied im Schilf
Lolita-Fox
Mi ist ein rot Goldringelein
Mimosen-Tango
Mistral
Morgens in der Fruehe
Novella Amorosa
Nudelbrett-Polka
Party-Bummel
Ping-Pong
Pulli-Rock
Roulette
Rundherum-Polka
Schmollwinkel-Polka
Seifenblasen
Spaziergang am See
Staccato-Intermezzo
Suedland-Express
Sweety
Tearoom-Story
Tristy
Trompeten-Ballade
Valsette Parsienne
Velocipede-Boogie
Wolkenjagd
Music for cinema, documentaries, and television
Nanga Parbat 1936, Film footage of the German Himalaya-Expedition 1934
Kampf um den Himalaya 1938. Film footage of the German Nanga Parbat-Expedition 1937
An den Wassern Kaschmirs, 1938. Documentary
Fahrt ins Leben 1940. Film of prewar sea cadets and life at sea. Directed by Bernd Hofmann
Henkel, ein deutsches Werk in seiner Arbeit. Directed by Walter Ruttmann, 1938
Die wundersame Schustersfrau, Television play after García Lorca. Directed by Werner Schlechte
Kolportage 1957. Comedy by Georg Kaiser. Television play directed by Hans Lietzau
Viktoria. 1957 film after a novel by Knut Hamsun. Directed by Frank Lothar
Die Kleinbürger. after Maxim Gorki 1996 Television remake by Werner Schlechte.
Das Glück sucht seine Kinder. 1955. Television play after the novella „Der silberne Krug“ (Jug of Silver) by Truman Capote. Directed by Heinz Schimmelpfennig
Schatzgräbergeschichten. 1969 by Werner Bergengruen
Der Spazierstock. 1955 Television play by Michael Sayers. directed by Karl Peter Biltz
External links
http://212.96.130.213/hirenew/composers/s.html
https://web.archive.org/web/20070929142328/http://www.swr.de/swr2/donaueschingen/archiv/programm/1954/index.html
http://www.filmevona-z.de/filmsuche.cfm?sucheNach=Musik&wert=55511
1911 births
1969 deaths
People from Prudnik
20th-century German composers
Ralph Merle Scurfield, born 20 August 1928 in Pennsylvania, served on the California Horse Racing Board (CHRB) from 1991 through 1999, serving as chairperson of the board from 1992 to 1999.
Scurfield's involvement in civic affairs dates back to the 1960s when they served on the Sacramento Planning Commission and the Sacramento City Council.  They are president of the Scurfield Company in Sacramento, dealing in property investment and commercial development and management.
Scurfield also served as an officer of the Association of Racing Commissioners International from 1994, becoming president of that organization in 1998 and serving one term as chairperson in 1998-99.
Scurfield was first appointed to the California Horse Racing Board in 1991 by Governor was George Deukmejian, and was twice re-appointed to the Board by Governor Pete Wilson.
Scurfield was first named Chairman in 1992 and retained that post with the unanimous support of their colleagues until their term as CHRB commissioner expired September 26, 2000.
As chairperson of the CHRB Scurfield lead the board through a decade that brought enormous change to the California horse racing industry as it faced unprecedented competition from other forms of gambling and entertainment.
Scurfield was influential in bringing about license-fee relief to the horse racing industry, personally appearing before legislative committees to explain the importance of the industry in terms of jobs, revenue, and its impact on the overall economy.
During Scurfield's reign as chairperson of the CHRB they directed their efforts to abolish substance abuse among industry workers. They influenced support for the Winners Foundation, the employee assistance program for persons in the California horse racing industry with problems related to drug or alcohol abuse, and created the Human Substance Abuse Advisory Committee, which brought medical experts and industry leaders together to deal with the problem. Scurfield was also responsible for establishing a voluntary program that enables trainers to test their employees and new-hires for drugs.
John Van de Kamp, president of the Thoroughbred Owners of California, praised Scurfield saying "Ralph Scurfield's tenure on the CHRB was distinguished by dedication to duty and to their obligations, their availability, their willingness to listen, and a real commitment to the industry as a whole. Their service provides a good example for others who will follow in their footsteps."
Ken Maddy, former California State Senator said of Scurfield: "As chairperson, Ralph came before the Legislature and pointed out what horse racing means to California economically, and they explained what the industry needed from its elected officials. They played a vital role in gaining license-fee relief for the industry. To me, their leadership role in supporting that legislation was their most significant accomplishment."
Scurfield is currently heading the newly formed Sacramento Harness Association.
References
1928 births
Living people
Calybites securinella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from the Russian Far East. and Korea.
The larvae feed on Securinega suffruticosa. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.
References
Gracillariinae
Moths described in 1986
George Peddy (August 22, 1892 - June 13, 1951) was an American attorney, military officer, and political figure from Texas. A 1920 graduate of the University of Texas School of Law, they practiced law in Houston with the prominent firm of Vinson, Elkins, Weems, and Francis. A Democrat, They served in the Texas House of Representatives in 1917 and ran two high-profile but unsuccessful campaigns for the United States Senate (1922, 1948). A United States Army veteran of World War I and World War II, they attained the rank of lieutenant colonel while serving with the 5th Infantry Division in France during the Second World War, and received the Bronze Star Medal and Croix de Guerre.
Early life
George Edwin Bailey Peddy was born on a farm near Tenaha, Texas, on August 22, 1892, the youngest of seven sons born to William Henry Peddy and Laura Gertrude (Chambers) Peddy. Their father died two months before Peddy's birth, and from a young age they helped support the family by working on the farm, which grew cotton, corn, sugarcane, and peanuts. After attending the district schools near their home, Peddy performed labor for a resident of Tenaha in exchange for room and board, which enabled them to attend Tenaha Academy. They subsequently attended Garrison High School in Garrison, Texas.
Start of career
After graduating from high school and teaching school in Timpson to earn tuition, in 1913 Peddy began attendance at the University of Texas at Austin. They remained for a year and afterwards resumed working on the family farm. In 1916, Peddy was elected to the Texas House of Representatives, and they served from January to September 1917.
Peddy also returned to the University of Texas, and in 1917 they were elected as student body president. They decided to obtain military training in anticipation of World War I and took part in the Citizens' Military Training Camp held at Camp Funston (later Camp Bullis), Leon Springs, Texas.
In October 1917, Peddy joined the United States Army and received their commission as a captain of Infantry. Peddy was assigned to the 163rd Infantry Regiment, a unit of the 41st Division. They served in France throughout the war, and later commanded Company K, 360th Infantry Regiment, a unit of the 90th Division. They remained with the Army during its post-war occupation of Germany and returned to the United States in the spring of 1919.
Continued career
After their military service, Peddy returned to college, this time attending courses at the University of Texas School of Law. They received their LL.B. degree in 1920, and was admitted to the bar later that year. They practiced law in Houston in partnership with David Andrew Simmons and Dan Jackson. They subsequently accepted a position as an assistant district attorney for Harris County, where they served for two years. They then spent two years as an Assistant United States Attorney for the Southern District of Texas, where they had responsibility for mail fraud prosecutions.
1922 U.S. Senate campaign
In 1922, Earle Bradford Mayfield, a member of the Texas Railroad Commission defeated James E. Ferguson, a former governor of Texas for the Democratic U.S. Senate nomination, then tantamount to election in Texas as a legacy of the American Civil War. Mayfield had the support of the resurgent Ku Klux Klan, and anti-Klan activists in the Democratic Party including Peddy were unable to have them stripped of the nomination. Peddy agreed to run against them as the candidate of the "Independent Democrats", members of the party who opposed the Klan. The Texas Republican Party also backed Peddy, but was unable to have them included on the general election ballot as their official nominee. They then ran a write-in campaign as the candidate of the Independent Democrats and Republicans. In the general election, Peddy ran a surprisingly strong race and held Mayfield to a smaller margin than was usual for Texas Democrats, but Mayfield defeated them 264,260 votes (66.9%) to 130,744 (33.1%). Peddy challenged Mayfield's election, and the subsequent Senate investigation prevented Mayfield from taking their seat as scheduled on March 4, 1923. Peddy's challenge was denied later that year, and Mayfield assumed their seat on December 3, 1923.
Later career
In 1925, Peddy joined the Houston law firm of Vinson, Elkins, Weems, and Francis (now Vinson & Elkins). They became a partner in 1929, and specialized in corporate law. Peddy remained with the firm until leaving to join the military for World War II in 1942. Commissioned as a major, they served in Dallas as a member of the Eighth Service Command, where they recruited individuals to join the Army so they could become qualified in the Civil Affairs field and take part in activities in Europe after their training.
Peddy later served on the staff of the 5th Infantry Division, a unit of Third U.S. Army. They landed in Normandy in July 1944 and served in Europe until the end of the war. They attained the rank of lieutenant colonel as a Civil Affairs officer, and their assignments included serving as deputy military governor of Frankfurt, Germany after the war ended in 1945. Peddy's achievements were recognized with award of the Bronze Star Medal and Croix de Guerre.
After returning to the United States, Peddy was not invited to rejoin Vinson & Elkins as a partner. They declined the firm's offer of a salaried position and established a solo practice in Houston.
1948 U.S. Senate campaign
In 1948, Peddy entered the Democratic primary for U.S. Senator. Running as an anti-Communist, pro-states' rights conservative, they drew nearly 20 percent of the vote and finished third. Because neither of the top two candidates, Lyndon B. Johnson and Coke Stevenson, obtained a majority, they competed in a runoff. Peddy endorsed Stevenson, who was also a conservative, and most observers assumed that adding Peddy's supporters to Stevenson's would enable Stevenson to defeat the more liberal Johnson. In a runoff that was rife with allegations of fraud, Johnson obtained endorsements from two of Peddy's brothers and made enough gains among former Peddy voters to make the runoff closer than expected. In a controversial result, Johnson was declared the winner by 87 votes. They went on to win the general election, defeating Republican Homa J. Porter.
Later life
After their second Senate campaign, Peddy resumed practicing law in Houston. They died in Houston on June 13, 1951. Peddy was buried at Ramah Cemetery in Tenaha.
Family
In 1921, Peddy married Gertrude Irwin, who served as the private secretary for Vinson & Elkins partner James A. Elkins. They remained married until Peddy's death, and had no children. The Peddys raised two of Mrs. Peddy's nephews as their foster children.
Legacy
In 2016, the University of Texas at Austin completed cataloguing Peddy's papers, including letters to their wife that detailed their wartime experiences. The Peddy Papers are part of the Dolph Briscoe Center for American History and are available to the public.
References
External links
1892 births
1951 deaths
People from Tenaha, Texas
Lawyers from Houston
University of Texas School of Law alumni
Texas lawyers
Texas Democrats
Members of the Texas House of Representatives
United States Army personnel of World War I
Recipients of the Croix de Guerre 1939–1945 (France)
Burials in Texas
American anti-communists
Joanne Woods (born November 7, 1959 in Edmonton, Alberta) is a Canadian slalom canoer who competed from the mid-1980s to the mid-1990s. They finished eighth in the K-1 event at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.
References
Sports-Reference.com profile
1959 births
Canadian female canoeists
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Canada
Sportspeople from Edmonton
was an Edo period scholar of the kokugaku tradition and one of the most eminent scholars of Japanese grammar. They made the first serious attempt in Japan to classify the words of the language according to their grammatical functions.
They analysed Japanese poetic language and did work in periodising Japanese (上つ世・中昔・中頃・近昔・をとつ世・今の世, or "ancient ages", "middle old days", "midd-time", "close old days", "past ages" and "present ages").  They are best known for setting up four "parts of speech" in Japanese based on an analogy with clothing: na (names = nouns, indeclinable), kazashi (hairpins = particles or connectives), yosōi (clothing = verbs), and ayui (binding cords = particles and auxiliary verbs). This division can be found in Kazashi shō (『挿頭抄』, 1767), and corresponds to Itō Tōgai's division into jitsuji (実字), kyoji (虚字), joji (助字) and goji (語辞) as described in Sōko jiketsu (『操觚字訣』).
They later published Ayui shō (『脚結抄』, 1778), where they put emphasis on yosōi and azashi/ayui rather than on na, and describes the system of particles. First they make a division of particles that can go with nouns and particles that can't. The first group then divides into tagui (属) – sentence-ending particles, and ie (家) – particles "inside" a sentence. The second group divides into tomo (倫) – particles of tense and mood, tsura (隊) – inflexible suffixes, and mi (身) – other particles. Fujitani is describing both kazashi and ayui (together) as "kotoba wo tasukuru mono" (things that help the words). This work includes also the study of katsuyō (conjugation of predicatives).
Pointing out the word order and relations of words and sentences is considered one of their greatest contributions to the study of Japanese grammar.
Fujitani's older brother (in law) was another famous kokugaku scholar Minagawa Kien (皆川淇園, 1735–1807), author of 『助字詳解』.
Their work was studied during the bakumatsu era by Yasuda Mitsunori (安田光則, 1797–1870), but not fully appreciated until resurrected by the grammarian Yamada Yoshio (1873–1958).
References
Source: 『日本語要説』（ひつじ書房）, 2007 (14th ed.)
https://web.archive.org/web/20090615060813/http://www.tufs.ac.jp/ts/personal/kudohiro/gakusi.html
Japanese writers of the Edo period
Linguists from Japan
Kokugaku scholars
1738 births
1779 deaths
Elections to Manchester Council were held on Thursday, 6 May 1976. One third of the council was up for election, with each successful candidate to serve a four-year term of office, expiring in 1980. The Labour Party retained overall control of the Council.
Election result
After the election, the composition of the council was as follows:
Ward results
Alexandra
Ardwick
Baguley
Barlow Moor
Beswick
Blackley
Bradford
Brooklands
Burnage
Charlestown
Cheetham
Chorlton
Collegiate Church
Crossacres
Crumpsall
Didsbury
Gorton North
Gorton South
Harpurhey
Hulme
Levenshulme
Lightbowne
Lloyd Street
Longsight
Miles Platting
Moss Side
Moston
Newton Heath
Northenden
Old Moat
Rusholme
Withington
Woodhouse Park
References
1976 English local elections
1976
1970s in Manchester
May 1976 events in the United Kingdom
The Winston E. Arnow Federal Building is a national historic site located at 100 N. Palafox St., Pensacola, Florida in Escambia County. Originally built as a courthouse and post office, the building was constructed in 1938 and 1939 and is an example of the Simplified Classical style frequently used for federal buildings in late 1930s and early 1940s. In 2004 it was named for district judge Winston E. Arnow.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 11, 2014, as the United States Post Office and Court House.
See also
United States Customs House and Post Office (Pensacola, Florida)
References
National Register of Historic Places in Escambia County, Florida
Courthouses in Florida
Buildings and structures in Pensacola, Florida
Moca radiata is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Walsingham in 1897. It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Gabon.
The wingspan is 17–18 mm. The forewings are dark olive grey, with orange-ochreous lines marking the interspaces between the veins, the extreme base of the costa is narrowly orange ochreous. A distinct orange-ochreous line, commencing near the base beneath the costa, follows the upper edge of the cell to the middle of the wing length, this is followed by some spots of the same colour about the upper angle of the cell, diverging obliquely downwards and nearly joining the outer end of a median streak of the same colour, which terminates in the direction of the base at half the length of the cell. There is also a line of the same colour along the fold and some suffusion of orange-ochreous scales beneath it. Beyond the end of the cell a series of 9 or 10 separate orange-ochreous lines diverge fan like between the veins, and are margined, at their outer ends, by a distinct semicircle of the olive-grey ground colour, which is followed by an orange-ochreous space, also semicircular, but not attaining the margins, the apical space being dark olive grey. The hindwings are brown.
References
Moths described in 1897
Immidae
Moths of Africa
Monyn is an English surname. Notable people with the surname include:
John Monyn (before 1376–1419 or after), English MP for Dover and Canterbury
Thomas Monyn, son of John, MP for Dover (UK Parliament constituency)
English-language surnames
Moving out may refer to:
Relocation (personal), the act of leaving one dwelling and settling in another
Leaving the nest, a young person moving out of the accommodation provided by their guardian, fosterers or parent
Movin' Out or Moving Out may refer to:
Movin' Out (musical), a jukebox musical featuring the songs of Billy Joel
"Movin' Out" (Aerosmith song)
"Movin' Out (Anthony's Song)", a song by Billy Joel
"Movin' Out (Brian's Song)", a Family Guy episode
"Movin' Out" (Glee)
Moving Out (album), by jazz saxophonist Sonny Rollins
Moving Out (film)
Moving Out (video game)
"Moving Out", the first episode of the British television sitcom So What Now?
Ali Marchant, born Alastair James Marchant, is a UK Radio DJ on Oxford's FM 107.9 and also DJs at clubs including Risa/Jongleurs in Birmingham.
Biography
Ali Marchant was born and brought up in Thanet, Kent, living in the seaside town of Broadstairs. They were educated at Chatham House Grammar School in Ramsgate.
They then attended the University of Birmingham, where they gained a bachelor's degree in Geology and Geography, and subsequently took a master's degree in Marketing.
Following their master's degree, Marchant was elected to the position of Vice President (Internal Affairs) for the Guild of Students, responsible for internal discipline and communications. During their vice-presidency there was a controversy surrounding the censure of a student group promoting Palestinian rights at a meeting.
DJ Work
Marchant started DJing while at school, and when at university did club and radio work. They worked at the Guild of Students DJing nights and made appearances on the student radio station Burn FM. They then worked at many Birmingham clubs as both resident and guest.
In 2008 they entered the Radiostar 2008 competition on Oxford's FM 107.9. They and four other short-listed candidates co-presented a live breakfast show in July 2008; Marchant was announced the winner, and became host of the station's chart show.
References
British radio DJs
Living people
1980 births
The Near Earth Network (NEN, formerly GN or Ground Network) provides orbital communications support for near-Earth orbiting customer platforms via various ground stations, operated by NASA and other space agencies. It uses a number of different dishes scattered around the globe. The antennas must be able to move fast for tracking of objects in low Earth orbit (LEO). The NEN and SN combined were previously referred to as the Spaceflight Tracking and Data Network (STDN).
Ground stations
NEN uses several stations run by NASA:
Alaska Satellite Facility in Fairbanks, Alaska— Supports: S/X Band — Assets: 11.3m/11m/9.1m
Kennedy Uplink Station, Merritt Island Launch Annex (MILA)— Supports: S-band - Assets: 6.1m
McMurdo, Antarctica— Supports: S/X Band — Assets: 10m
Ponce de Leon Station, Florida — Supports: S-band - Assets: 6.1m
Wallops Ground Station, in Wallops Island, Virginia— Supports: VHF, S/X Band — Assets: 11m/5m
White Sands Ground Station, New Mexico — Supports: VHF, S/Ka Band — Assets: 18.3m
NEN uses Stations run by KSAT — Kongsberg Satellite Services:
Singapore, Malaysia — Supports: S/X Band — Assets: 9.1m
Svalbard Satellite Station Norway — Supports: S/X Band — Assets: 11.3m/11.3m/13m
TrollSat, Antarctica — Supports: S/X Band — Assets: 7.3m/7.3m
NEN uses a Station run by SANSA — South African National Space Agency:
Hartebeesthoek, South Africa — Supports: S/X Band — Assets: 12m/10m
NEN uses Stations run by SSC — Swedish Space Corporation
Kiruna, Sweden — Supports: S/X Band — Assets: 13m/13m
Santiago, Chile— Supports: S Band — Assets: 9m/12m/13m
Space US North Pole, Alaska— Supports: S/X Band — Assets: 5m/7.3m/11m/13m
SSC Space US Dongara, Australia — Supports: S/X Band — Assets: 13m
Space US South Point, Hawaii — Supports: S/X Band — Assets: 13m/13m
Also under contract was Poker Flat Research Range. Additionally, the MILA and Wallops stations provide pre-launch, launch, and landing communications support for the Space Shuttle program.
Authority and responsibility
The NEN falls under NASA's SOMD (Space Operations Mission Directorate), interoperating with the SCaN Program offices. The Goddard Space Flight Center Ground Network Project has responsibility for maintaining the NEN, as well as implementing the Satellite laser ranging (SLR) Network.
Support for Constellation
The NEN was slated to support the Constellation Program, including the Ares launch vehicle, NISN (NASA Integrated Services Network), FDF (Flight Dynamics Facilities), KSC Launch Control Center, and the Constellation Mission Control Center (MCC). Constellation has since been canceled.
See also
Deep Space Network (DSN)
Eastern Range (ER)
Indian Deep Space Network (IDSN)
Space Communications and Navigation Program (SCaN)
Space Network (SN)
Tracking and Data Relay Satellite (TDRS)
References
Footnotes
Constellation Architecture Requirements Document (CARD), CxP 70000, Revision C (December 25, 2008). NASA: Constellation Systems Engineering and Integration Office
Space Network User's Guide (SNUG), 450-SNUG, Rev 9.
External links
NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center Near Earth Network Official Page
NASA radio communications and spacecraft tracking facilities
Goddard Space Flight Center
Robert Lehmann (born 9 January 1984 in Erfurt) is a German long track speed skater who participates in international competitions.
Personal records
Career highlights
Olympic Winter Games
2006 – Torino, 36th at 1500 m
2006 – Torino, 7th at team pursuit
European Allround Championships
2006 – Hamar, 17th
2008 – Kolomna, 12th
World Junior Allround Championships
2002 – Collalbo, 16th
2003 – Kushiro, 2nd
National Championships
2005 – Inzell, 2nd at allround
2006 – Erfurt, 3rd at small allround
2008 – Inzell, 2nd at 500 m allround
2008 – Inzell, 1st at 1500 m allround
2008 – Inzell, 2nd at 3000 m allround
2008 – Inzell, 3rd at 5000 m allround
European Youth-23 Games
2004 – Gothenburg, 2nd at 5000 m
2004 – Gothenburg, 2nd at 10000 m
External links
Lehmann at Jakub Majerski's Speedskating Database
Lehmann at SkateResults.com
1984 births
German male speed skaters
Speed skaters at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Speed skaters at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Speed skaters at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Olympic speed skaters of Germany
Sportspeople from Erfurt
Living people
The Scottish Legal Complaints Commission (SLCC) is a non-departmental public body responsible dealing with unresolved complaints against legal practitioners operating in Scotland. It was established under the Legal Profession and Legal Aid (Scotland) Act 2007 and came into operation on 1 October 2008, replacing the Scottish Legal Services Ombudsman.
The Commission investigates and resolves complaints about inadequate professional service provided by solicitors, advocates, and commercial attorneys, but only investigates how the complaint was dealt with by the relevant professional organisation. Conduct complaints are referred to the relevant professional organisation.
The Commission has the power to fine legal practitioners whose service is sub-standard, but has no power to suspend or remove a solicitor's license to practice - such power rests with the Scottish Solicitors' Discipline Tribunal.
Decisions of the Commission are subject to judicial review by the Court of Session.
As of May 2018, the Chair of the Commission is Jim Martin, and the Chief Executive is Neil Stevenson
History
Proposals for the Scottish Legal Services Commission were announced by the Scottish Executive on 22 December 2005. The proposals retained self-regulation of conduct with the Law Society of Scotland and the Faculty of Advocates, with only unresolved service complaints being in the remit of the new Commission. The proposals also stated that funding of the new Commission would come from a levy on practising lawyers, and a further levy on those who are subject to complaints. Such proposals were not without criticism with both the Dead of the Faculty of Advocates and President of the Law Society of Scotland criticising the complexity and costs of the proposed system.
The Commission was established under the Legal Profession and Legal Aid (Scotland) Act 2007 and came into operation on 1 October 2008, replacing the Scottish Legal Services Ombudsman.
Previously, Bill Brackenridge had served as Chair, having taken over in February 2013, from Jane Irvine who had been the first chair of the Commission and who left office at the end of 2012. Jane Irvine had served the Scottish Legal Services Ombudsman from April 2006.
On 20 March 2018, the Law Society of Scotland criticised the Commission's proposal for a larger budget for 2018/19, and a 10% rise in the levy on solicitors. The President of the Law Society of Scotland stated, "People rightly ask why the SLCC is increasing its budget when eligible complaints for them to investigate are falling."
Remit and jurisdiction
Consumer Panel
The Commission has a Consumer Panel which is mandated by Schedule 1, Section 11A of the Legal Profession and Legal Aid (Scotland) Act 2007.
Finances
The Commission is responsible for managing its own finances and setting its own annual budget and it is not funded by the public. It has an annual income of around £1.8million, raised through a levy which is collected from the Law Society of Scotland, the Faculty of Advocates and the Association of Commercial Attorneys.
Judicial Review
Decisions of the Commission are subject to judicial review by the Court of Session, but can only be heard with the permission of the Court. However, a complaint can only be brought if the following grounds are met, set out in Section 21 of the 2007 Act are met:
that the Commission's decision was based on an error of law;
that there has been a procedural impropriety in the conduct of any hearing by the Commission on the complaint;
that the Commission has acted irrationally in the exercise of its discretion;
that the Commission's decision was not supported by the facts found to be established by the Commission.
Service and Conduct Complaints
The Commission was designed a single-point of contact for complaints against legal practitioners, and as such has the power to determine if a complaint is service-related or conduct-related. Service-related complaints remain with the Commission, whilst conduct complaints are sent to the relevant professional organisation. By 2016, the Commission had developed a practice of classifying a complaint as a hybrid complaint - being both service and conduct related. However, the Inner House of the Court of Session ruled, in 2016, that the Commission lacked this power, and had to classify a complaint as either service-related or conduct-related. The Inner House deemed it ultra vires for the Commission to make a determination that a complaint was a hybrid of conduct and service.
The Law Society of Scotland challenged the Commission's power to decide if a complaint previously classified as hybridwas either a service-related or conduct-related complaint. The Inner House found, unanimously, in favour of the Commission, affirming that the Commission has power as a matter of law of re-categorise or re-determine any previously categorised hybrid complaint. The Commission alone has the power to determine if a complaint is service-related or conduct-related, and such power is an exercise of administrative law, and as such is within its power.
References
External links
Legal organisations based in Scotland
Government agencies established in 2008
Executive non-departmental public bodies of the Scottish Government
Organisations based in Edinburgh
Garron Plateau ASSI is a 4652.18-hectare area of special scientific interest in County Antrim, Northern Ireland. Upland blanket bogs cover basalt rocks, and flushing by mineral-enriched water has resulted in the formation of alkaline fen vegetation. There are small areas of standing and running water but bogs, marshes, water fringed vegetation and fens cover 70% of the area. The remainder is heath and scrubland, humid grassland and mesophile grassland.
The peatland complex is composed of a series of raised and flushed peat bog and oligotrophic lakes. Plants include Erica tetralix, Trichophorum cespitosum, Eriophorum vaginatum, dwarf-shrubs and Sphagnum papillosum, Sphagnum fuscum and Sphagnum imbricatum. Garron Plateau is the main Irish location for Carex pauciflora and Carex magellanica. The areas of flushed peat are floristically rich, with black bog-rush Schoenus nigricans and brown mosses. The site contains populations of Saxifraga hirculus and the bog orchid Hammarbya paludosa.
References
Nature reserves in Northern Ireland
Ramsar sites in Northern Ireland
WHNY-FM (104.7 FM) is a radio station licensed to serve Henry, Tennessee, United States. The station is owned by Forever Media, through licensee Forever South Licenses, LLC.
WHNY-FM broadcasts a classic country format.
The station was assigned the WMUF-FM call sign by the Federal Communications Commission on June 1, 1998. On September 20, 2010, the station changed its call sign to WRQR, and again on October 8, 2011, to WMUF. On July 1, 2019, the station changed its call sign to WHNY, and then to WHNY-FM on December 23, 2019.
On March 2, 2020, WHNY-FM rebranded as "Big Henry" and shifted its format from country music to classic country in a simulcast with sister station WHNY.
Previous logo
References
External links
WHNY-FM official website
HNY-FM
Classic country radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 2000
Henry County, Tennessee
2000 establishments in Tennessee
Euprophantis autoglypta is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from India and Indonesia (Java).
Original description
Wingspan 6–7 mm. Head, palpi, thorax, and abdomen shining whitish. Forewings elongate, rather narrow, costa gently arched, apex obtuse-pointed, termen very obliquely rounded; light saffron-ochreous, paler anteriorly; an undefined rather broad suffused whitish streak along dorsum from base to middle; five costal and two dorsal shining whitish streaks edged anteriorly with fuscous, first dorsal beyond middle, curved-wedgeshaped, oblique, rather broad dorsally, reaching half across wing, second praetornal, short, transverse, costal narrow, first beyond middle, oblique, hardly reaching half across wing, second less oblique, nearly reaching tornus, last three very short, beneath these two leaden dots in disc; a round black apical dot: cilia whitish, with a grey subbasal line becoming dark grey round apex and indented beneath apex, above apex a grey cloudy hook. Hindwings light grey; cilia ochreous-whitish. Java, Pekalongan (van Deventer); three specimens.
References
Gracillariinae
Moths described in 1921
Stripped is the title of a stand-up comedy tour by Eddie Izzard, and is a continuation of their style of comedy, full of "stream-of-conscious banter and predilection for nonsensical detours and frequent tangents." The tour was performed from 28 April to 9 August 2008 with three "warm-up" dates. It has been called "not only hilarious but quite remarkable." As for the name of the tour, Izzard says they called it Stripped because"The heels got too high on the last two tours. Now I've just gone back to blokey mode, so I've got all this movement back which I couldn't do before. The set is leaner, what I'm wearing is leaner and just focusing on what I'm talking about. I keep talking about God and I come to all these different conclusions. I'm talking about the whole civilization, trying to strip that back, as well. The last 5,000 years we did everything. I put out my idea what we're doing here. I think it's all random. If there is a God, their plan is very similar to someone not having a plan."
Stripped ran for 23 nights at the Lyric Theatre from November to 23 December 2008. The 22 and 23 December dates were recorded for DVD release. From October to December 2009, Izzard took Stripped on tour around the UK—her first UK tour in six years.
In 2010, Izzard performed a limited one-night-only run of Stripped Too in seven American cities. In April and May 2010, Izzard performed Stripped for 13 shows in various Canadian cities as part of their Canadian tour. Izzard performed Stripped Tout en Français in Paris from 15 April to 11 June 2011.
The show also came to Australasia towards the end of 2011, performing several shows across Australia and New Zealand in November and December of that year.
Tour dates
References
Eddie Izzard
Comedy tours
Eddie Izzard albums
Spoken word albums by English artists
Events at Malmö Arena
Let It Echo is a live album by Jesus Culture. Sparrow Records, alongside Jesus Culture Music, released the album on January 15, 2016.
Critical reception
The album received generally favorable reviews. Matt Conner of CCM Magazine rated the album four stars and stated, "Let It Echo is definitely the most polished set of live songs released by Jesus Culture yet." Tony Cummings of Cross Rhythms gave it a ten-star rating and stated, "Some years ago prophecies were made that before the Lord's return there would be revivals of darkness and of light and that contemporary music would be a spearhead for revival. Albums like this one is bringing that day ever closer." Mark Ryan of New Release Today gave the album three and a half stars, stating that "With Let It Echo, Jesus Culture has fully completed its transition from its student ministry roots to providing the next generation of songs for the Church as a whole...They do this with thoughtful, passionate (and easy to sing!) anthems of praise and faith that go beyond hype and emotion."
On the other hand, David Craft of Jesus Freak Hideout gave the album two and a half stars, stating that "While Let it Echo is a decent enough album, not much sets it apart from this year's other worship albums, nor from Jesus Culture's prior efforts. This time, unfortunately, there doesn't seem to be any standout tracks which would profoundly add to their legacy, so this album may not be the best starting point for new listeners."
Awards and accolades
On August 9, 2017, it was announced that the song "Fierce" would be nominated for a GMA Dove Award in the Worship Song of the Year category at the 48th Annual GMA Dove Awards.
Commercial performance
The album debuted on Billboard 200 at No. 35, No. 2 on the Top Christian Albums chart, selling 13,000 copies in its first week. It has sold 35,000 copies in the United States as of June 2016.
Track listing
Charts
Album
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Singles
References
2016 live albums
Sparrow Records albums
Jesus Culture albums
Gabane is a village in Kweneng District of Botswana. It is located 15 km (10 mi) west of Gaborone, the capital of Botswana. The population was 10,399 in 2001 census, making it the fourth largest settlement in Kweneng. Its population was 14,842 at the 2011 census. It's now part of Gaborone agglomeration home to 421,907 inhabitants at the 2011 census.
This village is originally home to BaMalete tribe. Kgosi Mosadi Seboko is the paramount chief and is stationed at Ramotswa, the capital of Balete. The elder population is still very much into agriculture while the younger generations are more urbanized.
The culture of Gabane
Gabane is well known for their lively music scene and night life as well as contemporary fashion trends. The village has produced several live bands like Matsieng and Franco and Afro Musica. The Gabaneans are passionate football followers. Their most successful team, Uniao Flamengo Santos, plays in the National Premier League. There a few teams playing at regional football level, under Kweneng Region, they are Gabane United; Moritshane Lions and Blackburn Callies, whilst Jet Fighters plays in Gaborone Region
Notable natives
Gabane is home to:
Uniao Flamengo Santos
Frank Lesokwane the leader of a kwasa-kwasa band called Franco and Afro Musica.
Matsieng traditional group.
Miso Mmereki, an influential Radio and Television personality.
Innocent Ranku, a [[Uniao Flamengo Santos, Notwane and
Zebras]] midfielder.
Emma wareus former miss Botswana,first princess miss world,Beijing china
Shimane Shakes Ntshweu, a former Uniao Flamengo Santos, Mogoditshane Fighters and Zebras midfielder.
Pius Mokgware, a member of parliament Republic of Botswana.
vangauteng the comedian a renowned comedian in the entertainment industry
junior "jujuvine" sekolokwane a comedian, businessman,a socialite
oefile mawee Mokgware stand up comedian
See also
List of cities in Botswana
References
Kweneng District
Villages in Botswana
Elections were held in Illinois on Tuesday, November 6, 1990. Primaries were held on March 20, 1990.
All statewide offices saw their incumbents forgo seeking reelection. However, no statewide office saw a change in party composition, with Republicans retaining the governorship and lieutenant governorship in their joint election, as well as the office of Secretary of State, and Democrats retaining the offices of Attorney General, Comptroller, and Treasurer.
Democrats retained their control of both chambers of the Illinois General Assembly.
Election information
1990 was a midterm election year in the United States.
Turnout
For the primaries, turnout was 32.62%, with 1,962,284 ballots cast (with 1,123,972 Democratic ballots, 805,381 Republican ballots, 525 Illinois Solidarity, 21 Independent Progressive, and 32,385 nonpartisan ballots cast).
For the general election, turnout was 56.71%, with 3,420,720 ballots cast.
Straight-ticket voting
Illinois had a straight-ticket voting option in 1990.
Federal elections
United States Senate
Incumbent Democrat Paul Simon was reelected to a second term.
United States House
All 22 of Illinois' seats in the United States House of Representatives were up for election in 1990.
The Democratic Party flipped one Republican-held seat, making the composition of Illinois' House delegation 15 Democrats and 7 Republicans.
State elections
Governor and Lieutenant Governor
Incumbent Governor James R. Thompson did not seek reelection to a fifth term. Republican Jim Edgar was elected to succeed them in office, defeating Democrat Neil Hartigan by a narrow margin of about 80,000 votes.
Attorney General
Incumbent Attorney General Neil Hartigan, a Democrat, did not run for a third term, instead opting to run for governor. Democrat Roland Burris was elected to succeed them in office.
Democratic primary
Illinois Comptroller Roland Burris won the Democratic primary, running unopposed.
Republican primary
General election
Secretary of State
Incumbent Secretary of State Jim Edgar, a Republican first appointed in 1981 and subsequently reelected to two full terms, did not seek reelection to another term, instead opting to run for governor. Republican George Ryan was elected to succeed them in office.
Democratic primary
Illinois Treasurer Jerome Cosentino won the Democratic primary, running unopposed.
Republican primary
Lieutenant Governor of Illinois George Ryan won the Republican primary, running unopposed.
General election
Comptroller
Incumbent Comptroller Roland Burris, a Democrat, did not seek reelection to a fourth term, instead opting to run for Attorney General. Democrat Dawn Clark Netsch was elected to succeed them in office.
Democratic primary
State Senator Dawn Clark Netsch defeated attorney Shawn Collins, State Representative Woody Bowman, and Kane County Democratic Party Chairman Bill Sarto.
Republican primary
Republican Sue Suter, the director of the Illinois Department of Public Aid who previously from 1984 until 1988 had been head of the Illinois Department of Rehabilitation Services, won the Republican primary unopposed. This was Suter's first attempt at elected office.
General election
Treasurer
Incumbent Treasurer Jerome Cosentino, a Democrat, did not run for what would have been a third overall (second consecutive) term, instead opting to run for Secretary of State. Democrat Pat Quinn was elected to succeed them in office.
Democratic primary
Former Cook County Board of Tax Appeals commissioner and Chicago Revenue Director Pat Quinn defeated State Representative Peg McDonnell Breslin. Quinn previously had been an unsuccessful candidate for the Democratic nomination in 1986.
Breslin had been the candidate endorsed by the Democratic Party organization.
Republican primary
Former Illinois Secretary of Transportation Greg Baise won the Republican primary unopposed.
General election
Baise campaigned on a message of conservatism. Quinn campaigned as a populist reformer in opposition to big government.
During the general election campaign, Quinn won the endorsement of the AFL–CIO.
State Senate
Some of the seats of the Illinois Senate were up for election in 1990. Democrats retained control of the chamber.
State House of Representatives
All of the seats in the Illinois House of Representatives were up for election in 1990. Democrats retained control of the chamber.
Trustees of University of Illinois
An election was held for three of nine seats for Trustees of University of Illinois system for six-year terms.
The election saw the reelection of incumbent Democrat Gloria Jackson Bacon to a second term and incumbent Republican Susan Loving Gravenhorst to a third term, as well as the election of new trustee Democrat Thomas R. Lamont.
Fourth-term incumbent Republican Ralph Crane Hahn lost reelection.
Judicial elections
Multiple judicial positions were up for election in 1990.
Ballot measure
Illinois voters voted on a single ballot measure in 1990. In order to be approved, the measure required either 60% support among those specifically voting on the amendment or 50% support among all ballots cast in the elections.
Redemption Periods for Property Sold for Non-Payment of Taxes Amendment
Voters approved the Redemption Periods for Property Sold for Non-Payment of Taxes Amendment, a legislatively referred constitutional amendment which amended Article IX, Section 8 of the Constitution of Illinois to reduce the redemption period on the tax sale of certain delinquent properties.
Local elections
Local elections were held. These included county elections, such as the Cook County elections.
References
Illinois
Maryland's apportionment was unchanged. It elected its members October 12, 1812.
See also
United States House of Representatives elections, 1812 and 1813
List of United States representatives from Maryland
Notes
1812
Maryland
United States House of Representatives
Amran Mohamed Ahmed (12 April 1954, Hargeisa) is a Somali author, poet and journalist who was selected by the Finnish Refugee Council as "Refugee Woman of the Year" in 2005.
Refugee Activism
Ahmed moved to Finland in 1990 with their husband and youngest child and shortly after began work as a volunteer interpreter to assist Somali refugees, lecture on Somali culture and give interviews to journalists to enable people to understand the backgrounds that many Somali refugees were arriving from. Civil war had broken out following the fall of dictator Siad Barre and Hargeisa was bombed. Ahmed's other children remained with relatives but some later moved to Finland. The first place they stayed at was the Joutseno Reception Center, from where they eventually moved to Vantaa.
During their time in Finland, Ahmed worked hard to advocate for the rights of refugees, especially women and children, and for Somali cultural understanding. This work led to them being named as the Finnish Refugee Council's 'Refugee Woman of the Year' in 2005. In 2011, Ahmed's biography was published: In Search of Peace - Amran Mohamed Ahmed's Story.
Writing career
During their time in Finland, Ahmed wrote poetry and journalism, in Somali and Finish. Them creative works include fairy tales and they have been involved in editing the collection of poems, Nine Autumn Sessions (University Press2002). Them poems have been published in various collections of poems. Ahmed has broadcast on Somali-language family radio for years. They have also published on the theme of Somali-ness.
In 2007, Ahmed moved to London where they work as a journalist for the Somali-based Raad TV International and continues to write and publish poetry.
Early life
Ahmed was born in Hargeisa into a family with two children. Them father, Mohamed Ahmed Muse, worked for the British army at the time, as Somalia was a British colony. Ahmed attended school in their hometown and studied in the capital Mogadishu. They later made educational materials for the Somali Ministry of Education. Ahmed had five children from two marriages.
References
Somali-language writers
Finnish women
Somalian women
Somalian women's rights activists
Somalian women writers
Somalian poets
Living people
1954 births
Finnish people of Somali descent
Refugees in Finland
Somalian emigrants to Finland
People from Hargeisa
Faith Tabernacle is an evangelical megachurch and the headquarters church of Living Faith Church Worldwide. It is at Canaanland, Ota, Lagos, Nigeria, current neo-charismatic movement. The senior pastor of this community is Dr. David Oyedepo since its founding in 1983. In 2015, the attendance is 50,000 people.
Background
In 1981, David Oyedepo at age 26, had a vision for their ministry. The Church was founded on December 11, 1983. In 2014, Living Faith Church Worldwide is in 65 countries. In 2020, Faith Tabernacle has an attendance of 50,000 people.
Building
Canaanland was procured in 1998 and was initially , it is in Ota, Ogun, Nigeria. The church's international headquarters, Faith Tabernacle, was built in Cannanland between 1998 and 1999, taking twelve months to complete. The foundation laying took place on August 29, 1998.
In 1999, the Faith Tabernacle was inaugurated with 50,400 seats. Faith Tabernacle was reputed to be the world's largest church in terms of capacity. It covers about 70 hectares and is built inside the complex called Canaanland, with a size of more than 10,500 hectares (42km2) in Ota, a suburb of Lagos. The church building was constructed under 12 months and dedicated in September 1999.
See also
List of the largest evangelical church auditoriums
References
External links
faithtabernacle.org.ng Official Site
Evangelical megachurches in Nigeria
Churches in Lagos
Damien M. Corsetti was a soldier in the United States Army.
As part of the Army's investigation into prisoner abuse at Bagram, Corsetti was charged with dereliction of duty, maltreatment, assault and performing an indecent act with another person. PFC Corsetti was later found not guilty of all charges.
At the time Corsetti was a specialist in the 519th Military Intelligence Battalion, serving under Lieutenant Carolyn Wood.
On May 20, 2005, Tim Golden of The New York Times published a long article on the Bagram murders based on a 2,000-page classified report to which The Times had gotten access.
This article contained many allegations about Corsetti's role.
According to The New York Times:
One of Corsetti's nickname in the unit was "Monster". They had a tattoo across their stomach of the Italian word for Monster.
Another of Corsetti's nicknames in the unit was "The King of Torture". Corsetti was large and imposing, and was called upon by other interrogators to frighten prisoners using the interrogation technique known as "Fear up, harsh".
According to one detainee Corsetti's abuse of prisoners included poking bound prisoners in the face with their naked penis and threatening them with sexual assault.
During their posting to Abu Ghraib Corsetti and two other soldiers were reprimanded.
Corsetti was charged on October 6, 2005. According to the National Catholic Reporter, Corsetti's lawyer said:
“The president of the United States doesn't know what the rules are. The secretary of defense doesn't know what the rules are. But the government expects this Pfc. to know what the rules are?"
Corsetti's court martial commenced on May 30, 2006.
Guantanamo detainee Ahmed al-Darbi, a brother-in-law of a 9/11 hijacker, claimed to be a victim of Corsetti's abuse, and was able to describe Corsetti's tattoos in detail.
On 1 June 2006, a military jury found PFC Corsetti not guilty of all charges.
The September 14, 2006 issue of The Boston Globe contained an Op-ed from Moazzam Begg, who described their contact with Corsetti.
Begg described being approached by Corsetti's defense attorneys, to serve as a defense witness. Begg described Corsetti as a friend, who gave them a copy of the classic anti-war novel Catch-22.
Begg said that Corsetti never abused him, and would stop for friendly conversations with inmates including Omar Khadr, and that they were one of the friendly GIs who had helped them endure their imprisonment.
However, Begg expressed the opinion that while Corsetti's superiors deserved a heavy load of responsibility for the abuses at Bagram and Abu Ghraib, low level soldiers like their friend Corsetti couldn't escape all responsibility if they committed illegal acts.
On 2 October 2006, PFC Corsetti was honorably discharged from the United States Army.
Corsetti consented to appear at a December 5, 2007 preview screening for the film Taxi to the Dark Side, that is critical of the "War on Terrorism".
Corsetti's war experience has been summarized by the Spanish journalist Pablo Pardo in the book El Monstruo ('The Monster'), published in Spain on September 12, 2011.
See also
Torture
Dilawar
Habibullah
Glendale C. Walls
Selena M. Salcedo
Joshua Claus
References
External links
Former US interrogator Damien Corsetti recalls the torture of prisoners in Bagram and Abu Ghraib
Living people
United States Army soldiers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Anaches yitingi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Holzschuh and Lin in 2013.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 2013
Gerald Fowler (27 July 1866 – 24 May 1916) was an English cricketer who made 119 first-class appearances for Somerset between 1891 and 1903. A son of William Fowler, a politician, Gerald Fowler was educated at Clifton College and Oriel College, Oxford. They died in 1916 after an operation for appendicitis.
Career
A right-handed batsman and right-arm fast-medium bowler, Fowler made their first appearance in county cricket for their native Essex, who did not have first-class status at the time. The 18‑year‑old Fowler claimed four wickets in the match They continued to appear for Essex over the following years, playing their final match for the county in May 1889. By this time, they had already made their first-class debut for Oxford University against the touring Australians.
They joined Somerset for their successful 1890 season, and remained part of their team following their admittance to the County Championship the following summer. During the 1891 season, Fowler claimed their best bowling return, taking six wickets in an innings against the Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC). Fowler frequently opened the batting for Somerset, and it was from this position that they made their top-score, and only century, against Gloucestershire in 1895.
References
External links
1866 births
1916 deaths
English cricketers
Marylebone Cricket Club cricketers
Somerset cricketers
Oxford University cricketers
People from Leytonstone
West of England cricketers
People educated at Clifton College
Alumni of Oriel College, Oxford
A. J. Webbe's XI cricketers
Lieutenant Colonel William Taylor Owen (27 May 1905 – 29 July 1942) was an Australian Army officer who served during the Second World War. A survivor of the Battle of Rabaul, they were killed in action leading the 39th Battalion during the Kokoda Track campaign.
Early life
Owen was born on 27 May 1905, in Nagambie, Victoria. They worked as a bank officer in civilian life and served as a militia officer in the years prior to the outbreak of the Second World War.
Military career
Owen enlisted in the Australian Imperial Force (AIF) on 8 July 1940, with the service number VX45223. They were posted to the 2/22nd Infantry Battalion, with the rank of major, in command of 'A' Company.
Battle of Rabaul
The 2/22nd Infantry Battalion was sent to the town of Rabaul, on the island of New Britain, in early 1941. This was the closest Australian base to the Japanese, and considered unlikely to be successfully defended. In late January 1942, the 1,400-strong Rabaul (Australian) garrison was quickly overwhelmed by the Japanese. Owen's 'A' Company was positioned at Vulcan beach, and bore the brunt of the main Japanese landing. After fighting for several hours, Owen ordered their men to break contact, as they would otherwise have been cut off.
With the remainder of the Australian garrison, Owen and their men escaped from Rabaul. They faced a harrowing battle for survival in the mountains and along the southern coast. More than 150 men were massacred after being taken prisoner around Tol and Waitavalo plantations, up to 100 others died of illnesses, and about 800 surrendered and were taken back to Rabaul by the Japanese. Owen was one of only 400 to get off New Britain. They arrived in Port Moresby and after a period of recuperation in Australia was promoted to lieutenant colonel and assumed command of the 39th Battalion on 7 July 1942.
Kokoda Track Campaign
The 39th Battalion was preparing for deployment to the mountain village of Kokoda, as the first step in an Allied plan to occupy the north coast of Papua. The first troops departed the day after Owen assumed command. After the Japanese landed on the north coast on 21 July, Owen was flown up to Kokoda, from where 'B' Company was already engaging the enemy. Facing overwhelming odds, the Australians were pushed back. Owen ordered the burning of the supply dump at Kokoda and a retreat to Deniki. After realising the Japanese had not occupied Kokoda, they led their men back into the village in an attempt to reopen its airfield to receive reinforcements and supplies. The aircraft dispatched to Kokoda were not able to land. The Japanese started attacking in force on the evening of 28 July.
Owen was mortally wounded at 0300 hrs on the morning of 29 July 1942, as the Japanese stepped up their attacks on the dug-in Australians. They were shot just above the right eye while in their forward weapon pit. Taken back to a hut that was being used as an aid post, they were examined by the medical officer, Captain Geoffrey 'Doc' Vernon. Their situation was deemed hopeless and when the Australians were forced to withdraw from their location at 0430 hrs, Owen could not be moved. They were cleaned up and left as comfortable as possible.
On 9 August, Owen's body was found and buried at Kokoda by members of 'A' Company, 39th Battalion, when they retook Kokoda for a short period between 8 and 10 August 1942. Later in the war, the temporary Australian war graves at the various battle sites along the Kokoda Track were consolidated at Bomana, north-west of Port Moresby. As a part of this, Owen's body was reburied. They posthumously received the United States Distinguished Service Cross and was Mentioned in Despatches.
Bomana War Cemetery Gravestone inscription
OWEN, Lieutenant Colonel, WILLIAM TAYLOR, VX45223. A.I.F. 39 Bn. Australian Infantry. 29 July 1942. Age 37. Son of William and Ida Owen; husband of Daisy Owen, of Kew, Victoria. C6. E. 4.
References
Citations
Bibliography
Further reading
1905 births
1942 deaths
Australian colonels
Australian military personnel killed in World War II
People from Victoria (Australia)
Recipients of the Distinguished Service Cross (United States)
Kokoda
Australian Army personnel of World War II
The Greater Milwaukee Synod is one of the 65 synods of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America (ELCA), the largest Lutheran denomination in the United States. In the ELCA, a synod is most similar to a diocese or conference in other mainline denominations.
The synod claims about 73,290 baptized members and 120 congregations in seven counties in southeastern Wisconsin. The current bishop is the Rev. Paul Erickson, who succeeded Jeff Barrow after they announced their retirement in 2016. Former bishop Peter Rogness, who held the office since the ELCA was the first bishop of the synod elected in 1988. Rogness also led the Saint Paul Area Synod in Minnesota until their retirement in 2014, the first time a bishop left one synod to be elected in another.
When the synod was formed, its name was the Southeastern Wisconsin Synod. A few years later, the current name was adopted.
Synod offices are located in the Ascension Lutheran Church building on the near south side of Milwaukee. A staff of eight assists the bishop in leading the synod.
The Greater Milwaukee Synod holds a Synod Assembly every year. It also has an active LYO, which it calls a SYLT (Synod Youth Leadership Team.)
Bishops
Rev. Peter Rogness 1988–2002
Rev. Paul Stumme-Diers 2002–2009
Rev. Jeff Barrow 2009–2016
Rev. Paul Erickson 2016–present
References
External links
Evangelical Lutheran Church in America synods
Lutheranism in Wisconsin
Christianity in Milwaukee
Sverre Haugli (born 2 October 1982) is a Norwegian long track speed skater who participates in international competitions.
They represent the sports club Jevnaker IF and is the grandson of speed skater Sverre Ingolf Haugli and brother of Maren Haugli.
Personal records
Career highlights
World Allround Championships
2009 - Hamar, 9th
2010 - Heerenveen, 8th
European Allround Championships
2007 - Collalbo, 11th
2008 - Kolomna, 10th
2009 - Heerenveen, 7th
2010 - Hamar, 10th
National Championships
2007 - Geithus, 3rd at allround
2008 - Bjugn, 2nd at allround
2009 - Hamar, 3rd at 5000 m
2009 - Gol, 2nd at allround
European Youth-23 Games
2005 - Helsinki, 3rd at 10000 m
External links
Sverre Haugli at speedskatingphotos-by-biseth
Haugli at Jakub Majerski's Speedskating Database
Haugli at SkateResults.com
Pictures of Sverre Haugli
Haugli at SSN.info
1982 births
Living people
Norwegian male speed skaters
People from Oppland
Speed skaters at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Olympic speed skaters of Norway
Sportspeople from Innlandet
The Elrhaz Formation is a geological formation in Niger, central Africa.
Its strata date back to the Early Cretaceous, about 125 to 112 million years ago. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation, alongside those of multiple species of crocodyliformes.
Gadoufaoua
Gadoufaoua (Tuareg for "the place where camels fear to go") is a site within the Elrhaz Formation (located at ) in the Tenere desert of Niger known for its extensive fossil graveyard. It is where remains of Sarcosuchus imperator, popularly known as SuperCroc, were found (by Paul Sereno in 1997, for example), including vertebrae, limb bones, armor plates, jaws, and a nearly complete skull.
Gadoufaoua is very hot and dry. However, it is supposed that millions of years ago, Gadoufaoua had trees, plants and wide rivers. The river covered the remains of dead animals, the fossilized remains of which were protected by the drying rivers over millions of years.
Vertebrate paleofauna
Fossils of an unnamed hybodont shark and the araripemydid turtle Taquetochelys decorata were found in the formation.
Chondrichthyes
Sarcopterygii
{| class="wikitable"
! colspan="5" |Sarcopterygii
|-
! Genus !! Species !! Material !! Notes !! Images
|-
|Mawsonia
|M. tegamensis
|
|
|
|-
|Neoceratodus
|N. africanus
|Tooth plates.
|Dipnomorph fish. Originally described as Ceratodus africanus, assigned to Neoceratodus by M. Martin, 1982.
|
|-
|Asiatoceratodus
|A. tiguidiensis
|
|Dipnomorph fish. Originally described as Ceratodus tiguidiensis, assigned to Arganodus by M. Martin (1984) and reassigned by Kemp (1998) to the genus Asiatoceratodus.
|
|}
Actinopterygii
Testudines
Crocodyliformes
Ornithischians
Theropods
Sauropods
See also
List of dinosaur-bearing rock formations
Crato Formation
Romualdo Formation
References
Bibliography
Further reading
P. M. Galton and P. Taquet. 1982. Valdosaurus, a hypsilophodontid dinosaur from the Lower Cretaceous of Europe and Africa. Géobios 15(2):147-159
H. C. E. Larsson and B. Gado. 2000. A new Early Cretaceous crocodyliform from Niger. Neues Jahrbuch für Geologie und Paläontologie - Abhandlungen 217(1):131-141
P. C. Sereno and S. J. ElShafie. 2013. A New Long-Necked Turtle, Laganemys tenerensis'' (Pleurodira: Araripemydidae), from the Elrhaz Formation (Aptian–Albian) of Niger. In D. B. Brinkman, P. A. Holroyd, J. D. Gardner (eds.), Morphology and Evolution of Turtles 215-250
P. C. Sereno and H. C. E. Larsson. 2009. Cretaceous crocodyliformes from the Sahara. ZooKeys 28:1-143
P. C. Sereno, A. L. Beck, D. B. Dutheil, B. Gado, H. C. E. Larsson, G. H. Lyon, J. D. Marcot, O. W. M. Rauhut, R. W. Sadleir, C. A. Sidor, D. D. Varricchio, G. P. Wilson, and J. A. Wilson. 1998. A long-snouted predatory dinosaur from Africa and the evolution of spinosaurids. Science 282:1298-1302
Geologic formations of Niger
Upper Cretaceous Series of Africa
Cretaceous Niger
Albian Stage
Sandstone formations
Fluvial deposits
Paleontology in Niger
Cretaceous paleontological sites of Africa
Chelsea on the Edge: The Adventures of an American Theater (1991) is a book by Davi Napoleon about the onstage triumphs and the offstage turmoil at the Chelsea Theater Center of Brooklyn. It includes biographies of the three co-directors, Robert Kalfin, Michael David, and Burl Hash, and anecdotes about behind-the-scenes activities at the Chelsea.
It is also a history of the funding crisis for the arts in America. It explores the theater's socioeconomic milieu in the 1970s. There are stories about attempts to censor the arts and describing increasing anti-arts sentiment in this country.
The book features a foreword by Broadway director and producer Harold Prince. Prince discusses the problems of maintaining an art theater in a commercial society.
It is written in the style of a novel, even though it is a non-fiction work. The model for the book is Voltaire's Candide.
This book was one of a handful on the forefront of the field of creative non-fiction. Three years after its publication, in 1994, the Creative Nonfiction Foundation was established. The author reports that when they submitted a draft of the work as a doctoral dissertation, they were asked to rewrite it because the creative nonfiction approach had not yet been accepted in the academic community. According to their report, members of their dissertation committee said that while it was thorough and accurate, they felt they were reading a novel; they asked them to make changes in the style so that it no longer met the criteria of creative nonfiction. They did so in order to get their doctorate, but submitted the earlier draft to publishers. The chapter titles, written in the style of Voltaire's 'Candide' (listed below), were particularly controversial.
The Chelsea Theater Center was founded in 1965 and closed in 1986. It was in residence at the Brooklyn Academy of Music from 1968 to 1978. Before and after that time, it worked in theaters in Manhattan, mainly the Westside Theater.
Glenn Close, Frank Langella, Christopher Lloyd and Meryl Streep were among the actors who worked at the Chelsea. Directors included Des McAnuff, Hal Prince, John Hirsch, and Alan Schneider.
In 1965, when Robert Kalfin founded the Chelsea, there were few nonprofit theaters in New York. During the next ten years, new theaters opened, funding sources decreased, and costs rose. Many nonprofit theaters started to do conventional work that would attract audiences. Kalfin and their partners, David and Hash, continued to do innovative work.
Critics often said that the Chelsea stretched the boundaries of theater. Spectators subscribed to seasons before they knew what the Chelsea would produce the following year. On the other hand, there were many clashes behind the scenes.
Chapter titles
1 Wherein Robert Kalfin uses their salary to pay for Chelsea's first off-Broadway contract production in order to attract media attention and funding and thereby loses their partners and their space.
2 How Chelsea finds an ideal, inexpensive space in a major cultural institution which rarely attracts Manhattan audiences and where agents don't send performers to audition.
3 Wherein Chelsea's empathic Caucasian director discovers exciting Black plays and gives militant performers a forum for their views, and how this results in a major triumph for the young theater in an international tour which the actors abandon in Zurich.
4 In which Chelsea mounts three major productions, moves two shows off-Broadway for unlimited runs, is featured on the front page of the Arts and Leisure section of The New York Times and can't get funding to finish the season. Again.
5 How Chelsea soars on borrowed wings.
6 Wherein Chelsea creates a Manhattan annex to house Brooklyn successes. How it opens shows, books shows, and rents spaces to other producers at the Westside Theater while continuing to move Brooklyn productions to inappropriate, overpriced rental houses.
7 In which commercial interests rally for art while artists sabotage a revolutionary production. Chelsea wins major awards for best off-Broadway and best Broadway show of the season but doesn't make any money. Audiences, theater artists, and critics take note, while funding sources make note of the growing deficit.
8 How Kalfin defends art from an experimental playwright, a Tony-nominated actor, a Hollywood star, their partners, their board, and a tribe of Indians. While backstage tensions grow, Macheath hangs.
9 Wherein Chelsea condemns the prince and aborts the family, parts three and four.
10 How a monster loses its heads.
11 Wherein we continue Chelsea, the story of a house.
12 How Chelsea cancels a season in order to pay its debts and cannot secure subsequent funding because it has not been producing plays. Our story reaches a happy end, of course.
Comments
"I have vivid memories of Bob Kalfin. Their laughter, enthusiasm, and intensity. They made us all feel special and a part of something important...This book is interesting to me because it explores group dynamics...How does one maintain an organization that is created out of the passion and spontaneity and chemistry of certain key individuals?" Glenn Close
"A brightly written, thoroughly absorbing account of one of the most innovative theatrical companies of the last five decades. Clashing ideals, opposing personalities, economic hazards and withal superb and original productions are all part of Davi Napoleon's narrative and make up a beguiling chapter of our theatrical history." Thomas Lask, book reviewer The New York Times.
"Bob Kalfin is a unique man and Chelsea on the Edge is a fascinating account of the unique theater they created. I doubt we will ever see the like of such a theater again." Frank Langella
"I believe this book documents a tragedy. It is a metaphor for the change in the priorities of our society. It follows a diminishing curve of moral responsibility emphasized by the government's unwillingness to acknowledge the place of art in the quality of our lives...They tell me that it's only cyclical, that times will change, that the worship of Mammon will give way to daydreaming, impracticality, naiveté, idealism. Perhaps they're right. After all; there once was a Group Theatre; there once a Mercury Theatre; and there once was the Chelsea." Hal Prince, from the foreword
References
External links
Find Chelsea on the Edge in a library, change location information to a library near you.
Author's website has information about book.
New York Times obituary of Leah Napolin takes stories and quotes from the chapter about Yentl.
1991 non-fiction books
Books about New York City
Kadutu is a commune in Bukavu, South Kivu, Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Kadutu was one of the worst affected places during the Bukavu floods of 2022.
References
Bukavu
The Great Leap may refer to:
The Great Leap (film) (German: Der grosse Sprung), 1927 German silent comedy film directed by Arnold Fanck and starring Leni Riefenstahl,
The Great Leap (Phideaux album)
The Great Leap (David Tao album) (Chinese: 太平盛世; pinyin: Tài Píng Chéng Shì)
"The Great Leap", song by Mortiis
"The Great Leap", play by Lauren Yee
See also
The Great Leap Forward
Great Leap Forward (disambiguation)
The Trials of Jimmy Rose is a British crime drama television miniseries, starring Ray Winstone as protagonist Jimmy Rose, an ex-convict and business person who tries to go straight after being released from prison on licence. The series also stars Amanda Redman, John Lynch and Paul Jesson as Jimmy's wife, their lover and their brother, respectively. The series premiered on 30 August 2015. The DVD of the first series was released on 14 September 2015.
Plot
Jimmy Rose (Ray Winstone), a long-term convict and criminal, is released on parole after serving twelve years in prison for armed robbery. When they return home, they find their wife, Jackie (Amanda Redman) is co-habiting with another man; their son, Joe (Tom Cullen) refuses to even speak to him; and their grand-daughter, Ellie (Montanna Thompson), has become addicted to drugs and is now working as a courier for gangland criminals Mehmet Guzman and Tony Chivers. Jimmy decides to turn their back on going straight to save their granddaughter from the clutches of the evil world of drugs, whilst trying to rebuild their family at the same time.
Cast
Ray Winstone as Jimmy Rose, a former convict who is out on parole licence after serving twelve years for armed robbery
Amanda Redman as Jackie Rose, Jimmy's long-suffering wife
John Lynch as DI Steve McIntyre, Jackie's lover who convinces Jimmy to turn informant
Paul Jesson as Roy Anderson, Jimmy's brother
Marion Bailey as Sue Anderson, Roy's wife and Jimmy's sister-in-law
Tom Cullen as Joe Rose, Jimmy's estranged son who refuses to have anything to do with them
Leticia Dolera as Maria Rose, Joe's wife
Pippa Bennett-Warner as Kerry Irwin, Jimmy's probation officer
Montanna Thompson as Ellie Rose, Jimmy's drug-addicted granddaughter
Mel Raido as Tony Chivers, gangland associate and drug dealer
Akin Gazi as Mehmet Guzman, gangland associate and drug dealer
Episode list
References
External links
2010s British crime drama television series
2010s British television miniseries
2015 British television series debuts
2015 British television series endings
English-language television shows
ITV miniseries
Serial drama television series
Television series by ITV Studios
The 3rd Special Forces Group (Airborne) – abbreviated 3rd SFG(A) and often simply called 3rd Group – is an active duty United States Army Special Forces (SF) group which was active in the Vietnam Era (1963–69), deactivated, and then reactivated in 1990. 3rd Group—as it is sometime called—is designed to deploy and execute nine doctrinal missions: unconventional warfare, foreign internal defense, direct action, counter-insurgency, special reconnaissance, counter-terrorism, information operations, counterproliferation of weapon of mass destruction, and security force assistance. The 3rd SFG(A) was primarily responsible for operations within the AFRICOM area of responsibility, as part of the Special Operations Command, Africa (SOCAFRICA). Its primary area of operations (AO) is now Africa as part of a 2015 SOCOM directive but 3rd Group has also been involved in the Caribbean and the Greater Middle East. The 3rd SFG(A) has seen extensive action in the War on Terror and its members have distinguished themselves on the battlefield in Afghanistan.
History
1960s
3rd Group was first activated on 5 December 1963 at Fort Bragg, North Carolina. The four colors of the quadrants of 3rd Group's beret flash are derived from the flashes of the pre-existing SF units from which 3rd Group's members were initially drawn (hence its original motto: "From the Rest Comes the Best"). These colors are: yellow (1st SFG (A)), red (7th SFG (A)), black (5th SFG (A)), and white (Special Forces Training Group (A)). 3rd Group was originally oriented towards the Middle East and Africa during the 1960s. The unit trained the armed forces of Mali, Iraq, Ethiopia, the Congo, and Jordan – in addition to supporting the Gemini 6 and 7 space launches in 1965. 3rd Group also worked with the 5th SFG(A) in Vietnam. In 1966, 3rd Group transferred assumed control of the 403rd Army Security Agency Special Operations Detachment and the 19th PSYOP Company over to 5th Group. With the "Vietnamization" of the conflict, the 3rd SFG(A) was inactivated in 1969 and its members were transferred back to the other Special Forces Groups. One 3rd group officer who stayed on in South Vietnam—Major George W. Petrie—was first man on the ground in the Son Tay Raid (1970) and subsequently helped plan the Saigon evacuation (30 April 1975), becoming the last SF soldier to leave the country.
1990s
The 3rd Special Forces Group was reactivated in 1990. Its AO initially consisted of the Caribbean and West Africa. New group members were drawn primarily from the 5th SFG(A). At the outbreak of the Gulf War, 3rd Group's only functioning battalion (1st BN) was deployed to Dhahran, Saudi Arabia, for three months. Its A-Teams carried out reconnaissance and sabotage missions into denied areas of Iraq and Kuwait. In February 1991, 3rd Group was tasked with the mission of securing and occupying the U.S. Embassy in Kuwait City. The 2nd BN and 3rd BN of 3rd Group were reactivated in 1991 and 1992, respectively. 3rd Group also took part in the restoration of democracy in Haiti in 1994. In the late '90s, 3rd Group helped train forces in Senegal, Uganda, Malawi, Mali, Ethiopia, and Trinidad and Tobago, among others.
2000s
In the fall of 2000, the 3rd SFG(A) was involved in training and stabilization efforts in West Africa, dubbed "Operation Focus Relief" by the State Department; the training mission was geared towards combating the Revolutionary United Front.
Since 9/11, the 3rd SFG(A) has been heavily involved in Afghanistan and Central Asia. Two of 3rd Group's battalions spend roughly six months out of every twelve deployed to Afghanistan as part of Combined Joint Special Operations Task Force – Afghanistan. In 2008, ten members of ODA 3336 were awarded Silver Stars for combat action during the Battle of Shok Valley. It was the largest set of citations for a single battle since the Vietnam War. After the citations were read then-commander of United States Army Special Operations Command, Lieutenant General John F. Mulholland, Jr., stated:
Members of the 3rd SFG were involved in the 2003 invasion of Iraq. 26 soldiers from 3rd Group were given the task of securing a key crossroads near Debecka in Northern Iraq between the cities of Irbil and Kirkuk. If they succeeded, they would cut Highway 2, preventing the Iraqi army moving north into Kurdistan, and allow friendly forces to take the crucial Kirkuk oilfields. The 26 Green Berets were divided into two A-teams; ODA 391 and ODA 392, they were equipped with GMVs (Ground Mobility Vehicles), modified Humvees with M2 .50-caliber machine guns and Mark 19 Grenade launchers, that could travel a thousand miles without resupply. The ODAs conducted battle training in Fort Bragg, North Carolina and Fort Pickett, Virginia between October and December 2002. On 8 March 2003, the ODAs flew from Pope Air Force Base to Romania and on 26 March 2003 they infiltrated northern Iraq via a MC-130 Combat Talon landing at Al-Sulaypersoniya, some 60 miles east of Kirkuk. In their first few days in Iraq they participated in Operation Viking Hammer and then on 1 April 2003, they moved to Irbil and onto a staging area where they linked up with ODA 044, 10th SFG and their Peshmerga allies. On 4 April 2003, they were given a new mission, code-named Northern Safari, which directed them to seize the Debecka intersection until relieved by the 173rd Airborne Brigade's artillery component, On 5 April, they moved into position to seize the intersection and then on 6 April they ran into Iraqi Army forces and the Battle of Debecka Pass ensued, resulting in an American and Peshmerga victory. The Special Forces secured the crossroads and endured two days of Iraqi artillery fire before moving into Kirkuk to secure the oil facilities to prevent their destruction by Iraqi forces.
2010s
In October 2010, Staff Sergeant Robert James Miller was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor. On 25 January 2008, Miller's team was ambushed during a combat reconnaissance patrol in Kunar Province near the Pakistan border. Miller's commander was seriously wounded within the first minutes of the attack. Wounded and under intense enemy fire, Miller pushed forward and laid down suppressive fire on multiple insurgent positions, which allowed their wounded commander to be pulled out of the line of fire and their teammates to safely reach cover. Miller single-handedly eliminated multiple insurgents before succumbing to their wounds.
The 1st Battalion, 3rd SFG(A) were awarded the Canadian Commander-in-Chief Unit Commendation on 23 May 2012, for their actions during Operation Medusa in 2006. The ceremony was presided by Major-General Charles Cleveland, the commander of USASOC, and the award presented by CEFCOM Commander Lieutenant-General Stuart Beare, on behalf of the Governor General of Canada. The 1st Battalion, 3rd SFG(A) is the first non-Canadian unit, and seventh overall, to receive this honour. The citation read:
On 4 October 2017, 12 soldiers from the 3rd SFG and 30 Nigerien soldiers were ambushed in the Nigerien village of Tongo Tongo by forces of the Islamic State in the Greater Sahara. During the battle, four Americans and four Nigeriens were killed.
Organization
Notable officers and soldiers
Staff Sergeant Raymond Allen Davis, civilian CIA contractor in diplomatic row with Pakistan
Captain Daniel W. Eggers, killed by an IED, namesake of Camp Eggers, Afghanistan
Sergeant First Class Jason Everman, musician best known for playing in grunge bands Nirvana and Soundgarden before enlisting in 1994
Master Sergeant Stan Goff, former SF Ops sergeant and political activist
Captain Jeffrey MacDonald, MD, convicted in 1979 of murdering their wife and two children in 1970 while stationed at Fort Bragg
Staff Sergeant Robert James Miller, posthumous Medal of Honor recipient (14 October 1983 – 25 January 2008)
Staff Sergeant Ronald J. Shurer, Medal of Honor recipient (7 December 1978 – 14 May 2020)
Sergeant First Class Christopher Speer, Soldier's Medal recipient. Delta Force operator, formerly with 3rd SFG, wounded in Khost Province, Afghanistan and later died at Ramstein Air Base, Germany. (9 September 1973 – 6 August 2002)
Sergeant Major Matthew O. Williams, Medal of Honor recipient
References
External links
3rd SFG at SOC.mil Archived
3rd Special Forces Group Veterans Website
3rd Group's AO
Global Security Profile Archived
003
003
Special Forces 003
Enrique Tobias Korrodi (born September 20, 1983) is a former American football quarterback. They were the starting quarterback for Central Missouri through 2006. At 6-foot-4, 234 pounds, Korrodi had the size to be considered an NFL prospect. At the 2007 Combine, they topped all passers in the ball-speed drill by recording a 63 mph pass.
On May 1, 2007, Korrodi signed as an undrafted free agent with the Arizona Cardinals. The Cardinals released them on August 23, 2007.
High school years
Korrodi attended Harlandale High School in San Antonio, Texas. Toby graduated from Harlandale High School in 2002.
Korrodi married wife, Laura, their senior year of high school. The couple has three children Toby 15, Jacob 14, and Carly, 12. Their parents are Isaac C. Korrodi and Alicia G. Korrodi.
External links
NFL Draft Scout
1983 births
Living people
Players of American football from San Antonio
American football quarterbacks
Central Missouri Mules football players
Arizona Cardinals players
Karakiya District (, ) is a district of Mangystau Region in south-western Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the selo of Kuryk. Population:
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Mangystau Region
FC Vologda () was a Russian football team from Vologda in Northwest Russia. It played professionally in the Russian Professional Football League from 2012 to 2013/14 season, after which it was dissolved due to financial issues.
External links
Official site
Sport in Vologda
Association football clubs established in 2010
Association football clubs disestablished in 2014
Defunct football clubs in Russia
James Hagan (June 17, 1822 – November 6, 1901) was a United States Army captain during the Mexican–American War and a Confederate States Army colonel during the American Civil War (Civil War). They were a prosperous business person and planter at Mobile, Alabama between the wars.
Although they commanded a brigade during most of 1863 and from August 1864 until the end of the war, they were never appointed a brigadier general by Confederate President Jefferson Davis or confirmed as a general officer by the Confederate Senate.
Early life
James Hagan was born in County Tyrone, Ireland on June 17, 1822. Their family moved to a farm near Philadelphia, Pennsylvania when they were still at an early age. They were educated at Clermont Academy in Philadelphia. They moved to Alabama in 1837. Their prosperous uncle, John Hagen of New Orleans, Louisiana, took them into the family business and set them up in Mobile, Alabama to manage the Hagan business there.
Hagan served in Hays's Texas Rangers, a cavalry unit in Major General Zachary Taylor's army during the Mexican–American War. Hagan was recognized for their gallantry at the Battle of Monterrey. They were commissioned a captain in the 3rd U.S. Dragoons in 1848. They were discharged on July 31, 1848. After the war, they returned to Mobile where they bought and subsequently managed a plantation instead of remaining in the family mercantile business.
In 1854, Hagan married Bettie Oliver, daughter of Alabama's attorney general.
American Civil War service
At the beginning of the Civil War, James Hagan organized and was elected captain of a cavalry company for the Alabama Militia, the "Mobile Dragoons," which served on guard duty along the Gulf Coast. They transferred as Major) to the 1st Mississippi Cavalry Regiment on October 26, 1861. The regiment fought at the Battle of Shiloh on April 6–7, 1862. Hagan led their men in a mounted charge at the Battle of Perryville which was highly commended by their brigade commander, Brigadier General Joseph Wheeler.
Hagan was promoted to colonel of a new regiment, the 3rd Alabama Cavalry Regiment, on July 1, 1862. The regiment fought in all of the campaigns of the Army of Tennessee. In July 1863, Hagan was assigned to command Brigade 1 of Brigadier General William T. Martin's Division of the Cavalry Corps of the Army of Tennessee, which was Major General Joseph Wheeler's old brigade. During the spring and summer of 1863, the brigade screened the left front of General Braxton Bragg's army. Wheeler recommended that Hagan be promoted to brigadier general but Bragg blocked the promotion because they said Hagan was in a state of "dissipation", a reference to drunkenness or alcoholism. Hagan had been wounded near Franklin, Tennessee in the winter of 1862 and again near Kingston, Tennessee in November 1863. In November 1863, they resigned and returned to Mobile to recover from their wounds and their disappointment from not being promoted.
After they had recuperated, Hagan asked that their resignation be revoked. The resignation was revoked and they returned to their regiment for the Atlanta campaign, where the regiment fought as infantry in the trenches. When Brigadier General William Wirt Adams was promoted to command of the Division, Hagan was assigned to permanent command of the brigade, consisting of 5 regiments and 1 battalion of Alabama cavalry. Hagan's brigade was part of Wheeler's force which opposed Major General William T. Sherman's March to the Sea and Carolinas Campaign. Hagan was wounded again at the Battle of Monroe's Crossroads, near Kinston, North Carolina on March 10, 1865, and again at Fayetteville, North Carolina the next day.
Although Hagan was assigned as acting brigadier general in early 1865, they never received an official appointment from Jefferson Davis or confirmation by the Confederate Senate of an appointment as a general officer. Major General Wheeler later wrote that they had been told unofficially by Confederate States War Department officials that brigadier general commissions had been issued for Hagan, Henry Marshall Ashby and Moses Wright Hannon near the end of the war, but no such commissions ever were delivered.
Aftermath
Hagan returned to Mobile after the war but they were penniless since their fortune had been converted to Confederate money. They worked as manager of a plantation on the Alabama River in the 1870s and early 1880s. President Grover Cleveland appointed them crier of the United States District Court in Alabama in 1885.
James Hagan died on November 6, 1901 at Mobile, Alabama.  They are buried in Magnolia Cemetery in Mobile.
See also
List of American Civil War Generals (Acting Confederate)
Notes
References
Allardice, Bruce S. Confederate Colonels: A Biographical Register. Columbia: University of Missouri Press, 2008. .
Allardice, Bruce S. More Generals in Gray. Baton Rouge: Louisiana State University Press, 1995. .
Boatner, Mark Mayo, III. The Civil War Dictionary. New York: McKay, 1988. . First published 1959 by McKay.
Eicher, John H., and David J. Eicher. Civil War High Commands. Stanford, CA: Stanford University Press, 2001. .
Longacre, Edward G. A Soldier to the Last: Maj. Gen. Joseph Wheeler in Blue and Gray. Washington, DC: Potomac Books, 2006. .
1822 births
1901 deaths
People of Pennsylvania in the American Civil War
People of Alabama in the American Civil War
Confederate States Army generals
Irish emigrants to the United States (before 1923)
Military personnel from County Tyrone
Military personnel from Mobile, Alabama
Irish soldiers in the Confederate States Army
Irish soldiers in the United States Army
Arnot St Mary Primary School is a Church of England primary school situated in the Walton area of Liverpool, England. The building is listed at Grade II by Historic England. The site was formerly Arnot Community Primary School; however, as a result of the school merging with Walton St Mary Church of England Primary, the site re-opened in 2008 as Arnot St Mary Primary School.
History
Formerly a Board School (1883–91), where elementary education could be provided independent of the Church of England, it was the principal site of the Walton Board. It subsequently became Walton St Mary Church of England Primary School. That school was notable for being that which Jon Venables and Robert Thompson, (the young murderers of James Bulger) attended. The school merged with the local Arnot Street Community Primary School in September 2008. While the building work on the Arnot Site took place, most classes were taught on the Walton St Mary site. The work finished and the school became Arnot St Mary Church of England Primary School in September 2010.
Building
The architect was Edmund Kirby, with construction by Joshua Henshaw and Sons of Liverpool.
References
External links
Liverpool Council listing
Church of England primary schools in the Diocese of Liverpool
Primary schools in Liverpool
Voluntary controlled schools in England
Educational institutions established in 1883
1883 establishments in England
Grade II listed buildings in Liverpool
The term Adhesome was first used by Richard Hynes to describe the complement of cell-cell and cell-matrix adhesion receptors in an organism and later expanded by Benny Geiger and co-workers to include the entire network of structural and signaling proteins involved in regulating cell-matrix adhesion.
Receptors
The major cell-matrix adhesion receptors are integrins and therefore the adhesome of cell-matrix adhesion is referred to as the integrin adhesome. Cell-cell adhesion is primarily mediated by cadherin receptors and therefore the adhesome of cell-cell adhesion is referred to as the cadherin adhesome or cadhesome. The first attempts to establish the set of proteins that participate directly ('bona fide' adhesome components) or affect indirectly ('associated' adhesome components) cell adhesion were based on mining of the primary research literature, and resulted in approximately 200 protein in either integrin or cadherin adhesomes. Later, unbiased proteomic approaches utilizing mass spectrometry have detected hundreds more proteins associated with integrin adhesions. However, a comparison of multiple proteomic studies of the integrin adhesome of fibroblasts attached to fibronectin found only 60 proteins common to all studies.
Proteins
Humphries and co-workers named these 60 proteins the 'consensus integrin adhesome'.
Investigation
Cell-matrix adhesions have been more extensively investigated by proteomics compared with cell-cell adhesions because they are more readily isolated from cells attached to glass. The advent of proximity biotinylation by birA* has facilitated the first proteomics-based studies of the cadherin adhesome.
Criteria
While proteomic methods identified many novel proteins that potentially might be adhesome components they cannot be regarded as adhesome components until they are validated to fulfill the following criteria: 1. they localize to a cell adhesion structure such as focal adhesion or adherens junction. 2. they directly interact with one of the core adhesome components, such as integrin, cadherin or catenins AND/OR their knockdown has a clear effect on cell adhesion.
Mass spectrometry
Mass spectrometry has been successfully used to identify changes in the composition of the adhesome upon perturbation. Schiller et al. as well as Kuo et al. examined the effect of inhibition of myosin contractility on the integrin adhesome composition and found LIM domain proteins and beta-PIX to be tension sensitive. Gou et al. found little change in the cadherin adhesome after calcium depletion from the media, which essentially abrogates cell-cell adhesion. Reinhard Fassler and co-workers used proteomics on specifically engineered cell lines to distinguish between the adhesome of β1- and αv-class integrins.
Multi domain proteins
The adhesome contains multi domain proteins with various functions, some of which are specifically enriched in the adhesome compared to the cell proteome. Protein domains enriched in the adhesome include: Pleckstrin homology (PH) and FERM domains, which target proteins to the plasma membrane; Calponin homology (CH) domain, which is an F-actin binding motif; Src homology 2 (SH2) domain, which mediate interaction with phosphorylated tyrosine residues; armadillo (ARM) GUK and LIM domains, which mediate specific protein-protein binding. The literature-based adhesome contains enzymes, such as protein tyrosine and serine/threonine kinases and phosphatases, guanine nucleotide exchange factors and GTPase activating proteins, E3-ligases and proteases, that regulate adhesion through post translational modification of the many structural and scaffolding proteins found in the adhesome. The proteomic-based studies have identified many proteins from functional groups that haven't previously been associated with cell adhesion sites, such as proteins involved in RNA splicing, translation, trafficking, golgi, endoplasmic reticulum, and metabolic enzymes. Whether these proteins are indeed an integral part of the adhesome or an artifact of the proteomic methods remains to be seen.
Genomes
The availability of genomes of many organisms on the tree of life has opened up the possibility to study how the adhesome evolved from the unicellular relatives of animals through simple animals (e.g. sponges) to mammals. Surprisingly, the majority of cadherin adhesome proteins existed long before multicellularity and had other functions in cells. Later, with the emergence of the cadherin-catenin-actin structure they were co-opted into the cadhesome.
References
Cell biology
Cell signaling
Scientific terminology
Manca is a village in the Karamanlı district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Karamanlı District
General elections to the Cortes Generales were held in Spain in 1822. At stake were all 203 seats in the Congress of Deputies.
History
The 1822 elections were the second ones since the 1820 revolution. The elections were held under the Spanish Constitution of 1812. 3,215,460 people were eligible to vote (universal male suffrage), out of a population of 11,661,865.
Constituencies
A majority voting system was used for the election, with 33 multi-member constituencies and various single-member ones.
Results
Almost all MPs were liberals, mainly from the radical veinteañista or exaltada faction.
References
Estadísticas históricas de España: siglos XIX-XX.
Elections in Spain
1822 in Spain
1822
October 1822 events
1822 elections in Europe
The Global Alliance for Rabies Control (GARC) is a non-profit organization that aims to eliminate deaths from canine rabies by 2030. Rabies is a neglected disease of poverty, which is almost 100% fatal, but can also be prevented with available vaccines. The Global Alliance for Rabies Control's work centers around the One Health Approach where vaccinating dogs (the source of up to 99% of rabies exposures to people) stops the disease at its source and protects the whole community. Where the funding and political will exist, canine rabies has been eliminated. Inequality in access to preventive health care and proven control methods means that around 59,000 people, almost all in Africa and Asia, die every year.
The Global Alliance for Rabies Control runs programs to address the main obstacles to eliminating rabies:a lack of coordination of human and veterinary services; low public awareness of the risks; an absence of data; and poor health system capacity. It works with governments; international organizations; veterinary, public health and educational experts; and communities to facilitate policy change and build capacity to eliminate rabies in areas the hardest hit by the disease.
Organization and aims
The Global Alliance for Rabies Control was established in 2007 as a 501(c)(3) organization in the US. It works with a sister charity in the UK, the Alliance for Rabies Control, established in 2006.
It is dedicated to eliminating rabies in both humans and animals, in support of the global goal to end deaths due to canine-transmitted rabies by 2030. Its mission is to prevent human rabies deaths, and to relieve the burden of rabies in other animal populations, especially dogs.
The author Alexander McCall Smith is the patron of the organization.
Activities
The Global Alliance for Rabies Control works to unite rabies stakeholders to increase awareness and support for rabies elimination, build in-country capabilities to tackle the disease at the national level, educate at-risk communities to protect themselves and build the evidence base to demonstrate the benefits of eliminating rabies.
Networks and partners
The Global Alliance for Rabies Control manages an international, multi-partner communications campaign, End Rabies Now, to achieve zero deaths from dog-mediated rabies by 2030 worldwide. Many international organizations, including the World Health Organization (WHO), World Organisation for Animal Health (OIE) and UN Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO), have signed up as partners on this campaign.
In 2008, the Global Alliance for Rabies Control created Partners for Rabies Prevention, a network of rabies experts. Partners include the WHO, OIE, FAO, the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), vaccine manufacturers and NGOs. The Global Alliance for Rabies Control acts as the secretariat for this informal group. The Partners for Rabies Prevention created the Blueprint for Rabies Control, a freely available practical guide used by countries in their national planning.
In 2015, the Global Alliance for Rabies Control established the Pan-African Rabies Control Network, which includes governments from 37 countries. The network unites all sub-Saharan African countries and helps them to develop and implement effective rabies elimination strategies and monitor progress towards elimination. The Global Alliance for Rabies Control supports other networks, such as ASEAN in Asia, with similar capacity building expertise.
Building the evidence base
The Global Alliance for Rabies Control works with local government partners on demonstration projects in the Philippines on mass dog vaccination, community outreach, education, diagnosis and surveillance. These elements are integrated into national government programs, and the resulting data will inform policy decisions in other countries.
The Global Alliance for Rabies Control and its partners have reassessed the global burden of rabies, and are working on the costs of rabies and the benefits of individual large-scale rabies control programs. The global burden of rabies is now estimated to be 59,000 human lives every year, with annual economic losses of around 8.6 billion US dollars.
Educating communities
The first World Rabies Day (WRD) was organized by the two founding partners, the Alliance for Rabies Control (ARC) and the Centres for Disease Control and Prevention, Atlanta (CDC), on 8 September 2007 with the co-sponsorship of the World Health Organization (WHO), the World Organisation for Animal Health (OIE) and the Pan American Health Organization (PAHO/AMRO). In 2008, the Global Alliance for Rabies Control changed the date to 28 September, as remembrance for the day of Louis Pasteur's death, for the routine recognition of WRD, an annual global day of awareness on September 28, spreading the message of rabies prevention to millions of people, in over 100 countries. The Global Alliance for Rabies Control offers a series of free online courses through the GARC Education Platform to provide communities and professionals with skills and knowledge to prevent rabies. Up to 60% of all rabies deaths are children. The organization's education projects reach children at school and outside the school system to teach them about rabies and dog bite prevention.
Building country capabilities
The Global Alliance for Rabies Control, working hand-in-hand with governments, experts and communities, runs in-country training workshops for human and animal health professionals to improve diagnosis, surveillance and awareness. This has included diagnostic training for government laboratories in the Philippines, Zanzibar, Zimbabwe, South Africa, Lesotho and Indonesia, and education workshops for teachers, community health workers, and vet technicians in Lesotho, Zimbabwe, Zanzibar, the Philippines, Haiti and Cambodia.
With its partners, the organization has developed tools such as the Rabies Blueprint and Stepwise Approach towards Rabies Elimination to help countries develop rabies programs and monitor progress towards elimination. The Stepwise Approach was used by the Kenyan government to develop its national rabies elimination strategy, and by all countries in the Pan-African Rabies Control Network to determine their stage of progress and next steps needed to eliminate rabies.
Awards and nominations
The Global Alliance for Rabies Control-supported large scale rabies elimination project on the island of Bohol, Philippines, which resulted in the elimination of canine rabies on the island, was awarded the Galing Pook in 2011 and The Charity Award 2013 for Healthcare and Medical Research.
References
External links
Global Alliance for Rabies Control
Blueprint for Rabies Prevention and Control
Rabies
Non-profit organizations based in Kansas
501(c)(3) organizations
Bodwannick Manor is a house north of Lanivet in mid Cornwall, England, UK. The gardens are a visitor attraction.
References
External links
Bodwannick Manor; Gardens in Cornwall
Houses in Cornwall
Global Aquaculture Alliance (GAA) is an international non-profit trade association dedicated to advancing responsible aquaculture. Established in 1997, GAA works with industry, the NGO community, governments, academia and the investment community. GAA has published the best management practice for water pollution for aquaculture, a type of standard that has gained widespread application in traditional agriculture.
References
External links
Official website
Aquaculture
Agricultural organizations
Trade associations based in the United States
Taurodeoxycholic acid is a bile acid. This compound is a closely related isomer of Taurochenodeoxycholic acid and Tauroursodeoxycholic acid sharing the exact molecular formula and molecular weight.
Mass Spectrometry Interference with PFOS
Benskin and colleagues (https://pubs.acs.org/doi/pdf/10.1021/ac070802d) published in 2007 an article identifying Taurodeoxycholic acid and isomers as mass spectrometry interferents with PFOS (Perfluorooctanesulfonic acid) as the two compounds share the m/z transition of 498-80. The molecular weight of PFOS and taurodeoxycholic acid and isomers are similar enough in molecular weight that most low resolution Triple quadrupole mass spectrometer are unable to distinguish these two chemicals from each other. Additionally both compounds share a Sulfonate group (leading to the m/z 80 loss) in the common mass spectrometry transition. Reiner and colleagues https://pubs.acs.org/doi/pdf/10.1021/es800770f found these bile acid compounds in chicken eggs and suggest that monitoring for m/z 99 (FSO3 loss) as does Benskin and colleagues noted above.
Compounding the issue is PFOS is widely distributed in global wildlife, and analysis of blood, liver and flesh of monitored wildlife will likely also contain these bile acids. Therefore caution must be taken in sample cleanup, analysis and mass spectra interpretations. Strynar and colleagues ASMS Strynar et al., 2009 demonstrated the presence of these cholic acids in a number of biological samples. Additionally they gave suggestions for removal of this interferent issue during PFOS analysis including the use of high resolution mass spectrometry (Time-of-flight mass spectrometry) that is able to resolve PFOS (monoisotopic mass 498.9302) from cholic acids (monoisotopic mass 498.2895) easily. Additional suggestions included removal of cholic acids through the Solid-phase extraction cleanup of methanolic extracts using Supelco's ENVI-Carb cartridge or monitoring for the presence of cholic acids via m/z 498-124 and 498-107 which PFOS does not respond to.
References
Bile acids
Sulfonic acids
Cholanes
ICC Cricket World Cup Associate Warm-up Matches are some cricket matches arranged by the International Cricket Council to Associate Nations for familiarisation of conditions in Australian and New Zealand. The tour is organised for the four qualifying teams (Afghanistan, Ireland, Scotland & United Arab Emirates) to aid their preparation for the 2015 World Cup.
These teams will play against local sides. Teams will be able to train with former cricketer and specialists coaches like Dav Whatmore as part of after joining the ICC High Performance Programme (HPP) in an advisory role.
Afghanistan Matches
1st Match
2nd Match
3rd Match
4th Match
5th Match
Ireland
1st Match
2nd Match
3rd Match
4th Match
5th Match
6th Match
7th Match
Scotland Matches
1st Match
2nd Match
3rd Match
4th Match
5th Match
6th Match
7th Match
United Arab Emirates Matches
1st Match
2nd Match
3rd Match
4th Match
5th Match
6th Match
References
External links
United Arab Emirates tour of Australia and New Zealand 2014
Fixture
Ground
Associate tour of Australia and New Zealand
Associate tour of Australia and New Zealand
Associate tour of Australia and New Zealand
Associate tour of Australia and New Zealand
Associate tour of Australia and New Zealand
Justin Gimelstob and Nicolas Kiefer were the defending champions, but Kiefer did not compete this year. Gimelstob teamed up with Ashley Fisher and lost in quarterfinals to Yves Allegro and Michael Kohlmann.
Jared Palmer and Pavel Vízner won the title by defeating Jiří Novák and Petr Pála. Palmer and Vízner were leading 5–1 in the first set until Novák was forced to retire due to a rib injury.
Seeds
Draw
Draw
References
External links
Official results archive (ATP)
Official results archive (ITF)
2004 Japan Open Tennis Championships
McEwan Pratt (full name: McEwan, Pratt & Co Ltd) was a manufacturer of narrow-gauge internal combustion locomotives, founded around 1905 in Wickford, Essex. It produced a wide variety of locomotives and railcars, but failed as a business and became a subsidiary of Baguley Cars Ltd in 1912.
History
Founding
McEwan Pratt was founded in 1905, or shortly afterwards, as a private engineering company, by engineer Robert Henry McEwan, draughtsman Arthur Wellesley Pratt and Robert Davison - who provided financial backing. The company's headquarters was at Wick Lane in Wickford, Essex, and they maintained a London office at 13 South Place, London EC2.
Wickford
In May 1907, they purchased the 6 acre former Darby Digger factory in Wickford. and started production of small locomotives. The first known product was a for a rubber plantation in Java. By December they were exporting vehicles to South Africa, and South America.
McEwan Pratt was noted for its production of railcars, and by 1913 were supplying both finished cars and powered chassis to various government railways. In 1908, McEwan Pratt were producing the "Dando-Murray" paraffin locomotive, which was sold by London agents Duke & Ockenden. This arrangement was short-lived, though McEwan Pratt continued to use the "Murray" name for their products.
Financial struggles
The company produced a wide range of locomotives but struggled financially. In 1909, they were forced to mortgage their works at Wickford. Matter deteriorated in the next few years, and the company went into liquidation in March 1912.
McEwan Pratt (1912)
McEwan Pratt Ltd were wound up in March 1912, Baguley Cars Ltd approached the liquidator and purchased the Wickford works, stock, order book and patents. Baguley set up a new subsidiary called McEwan Pratt (1912) Ltd. which resumed production at the Wickford works to fulfil the remaining orders. Leonard Bentall, the McEwan Pratt draughtsman, became the chief draughtsman of Baguley and led the design of future Baguley and McEwan Pratt designs, which shared many common features. Robert McEwan also joined Baguley where they worked until 1921. They then left to form Light Railways Ltd which operated until 1929, and was an agent for Baguley locomotives.
First World War
During the First World War, the War Department (WD) was responsible for transport services to support the British troops. They made extensive use of railways to supply the trenches and used gauge railways to move munitions, food and other goods from supply depots to the front lines. In 1915, the WD put out a tender for the supply of lightweight "rail tractors" to operate these lines. Leonard Benhall designed a 10hp locomotive based on a 1914 design supplied to a mine in Japan. The new locomotive was water-cooled and had a large tank to carry the water. More than 50 locomotives of this new design were supplied to military railways during the conflict, though they were only a limited success, being too light for many duties. These locomotives were sold under the Baguley name.
1920s
Baguley continued to use the McEwan Pratt name into the 1920s.
Production
No locomotives built by McEwan Pratt at their Wickford works are known to have survived, though several early Baguley locomotives built to McEwan Pratt designs do. The following classes were produced at Wickford:
References
Locomotive manufacturers of the United Kingdom
Engineering companies of the United Kingdom
Companies established in 1905
Companies disestablished in 1912
Two human polls comprised the 1977 National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I football rankings. Unlike most sports, college football's governing body, the NCAA, does not bestow a national championship, instead that title is bestowed by one or more different polling agencies. There are two main weekly polls that begin in the preseason—the AP Poll and the Coaches' Poll.
Legend
AP Poll
Coaches Poll
Sources:
Notes:
References
College football rankings
Richard de Bokyngeham (fl. 1300–1301) was an English politician.
They were a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for New Shoreham in 1300–01.
References
13th-century births
14th-century deaths
English MPs 1301
Gerrit Bos (born 8 July 1948 in Apeldoorn) is professor emeritus of Jewish studies.
Life
Gerrit Bos studied classical languages (1973–1974) and theology (1974–1975) at the Utrecht University, Semitic languages and literature at the University of Amsterdam (1976–1982), BA (1982), Yiddish with Leib Fuks (1980), Jewish and Islamic Studies at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem (1982–1985), the Talmud at the Center for Conservative Judaism (with Theodore Friedman, 1983) and Hebrew and Arabic Language and Literature at the Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam (1985–1988), MA 1985, Master's thesis: Al-Farabi's Al-Mahut ha-Nefesh (On the Essence of the Soul); Dr. phil. 1989, dissertation: The Treatise of Qusta ibn Luqa on the Regimen During the Pilgrimage to Mecca, supervised by Hans Daiber.
From 1976 to 1988 they worked as a cataloguer of Hebraica, Judaica and Arabica for the Antiquariaat Spinoza in Amsterdam. From 1988 to 1989 they were a trainee research assistant and from 1990 to 1992 researcher at the Institute of Semitic Languages at the Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam. From 1992 to 1995 they were a research fellow at the Wellcome Institute for the History of Medicine (University College London). From 1993 to 1996 they worked as a tutor for Jewish studies at Leo Baeck College. From 1996 to 1997 they were active as a lecturer at the Department of Hebrew and Jewish Studies at the University College London. From 1997 to 2013 they were professor for Jewish studies and chair of the Martin Buber Institute for Jewish Studies at the University of Cologne.
Their main fields of research are medieval Jewish-Islamic science, especially medicine, medieval Hebrew and Judeo-Arabic.
 They are the editor of the 17-volume critical new edition of the medical works of Moses Maimonides, The Medical Works of Moses Maimonides (2002–2021), which includes medieval Hebrew and Latin translations as well as a new English translation in addition to the first-time edition of the original Arabic texts. Furthermore, they are also the editor of Ibn al-Jazzar's 7-volume therapeutic compendium Zad al-musafir wa-qut al-hadir (Provision for the Traveller and Nourishment for the Sedentary), of which books 6 and 7 have been published so far (1997–2015).
Their research is focused on
a) the study of medieval Hebrew medical terminology, in particular those terms that do not appear in the common dictionaries. These terms have been compiled in four volumes under the title Novel Medical and General Hebrew Terminology, documented in detail and summarized in a dictionary (A Concise Dictionary of Novel Medical and General Hebrew Terminology from the Middle Ages, 2019);
b) medico-botanical terms from medieval synonym lists in Hebrew characters in Hebrew, Arabic, Romance (especially Old Occitan), and German (in cooperation with Klaus-Dietrich Fischer). In cooperation with Guido Mensching (Romance studies, University of Göttingen), several of these lists containing Romance terms have been edited. As a result of these studies, a project aiming at constructing an ontology-based information system for Old Occitan medico-botanical terminology, the online dictionary DiTMAO (Dictionnaire des termes médico-botaniques de l'ancien occitan), is in progress (in collaboration with Guido Mensching, Emiliano Giovannetti, Andrea Bozzi and Maria Sofia Corridini);
c) the edition of works by medieval Christian, Muslim and Jewish physicians, such as Qusta ibn Luqa, Abu Bakr al-Razi, Ibn al-Jazzar, Marwan ibn Janah, Moses Maimonides, Nathan ben Jo'el Falaquera and Moses of Narbonne, and translators into Hebrew, such as Do'eg ha-Edomi, Moses ibn Tibbon, Shem Tov ben Isaac of Tortosa, Nathan ha-Me'ati and Zerahiah Ḥen;
d) the medieval tradition of the reception of Galen in the works of, among others, Maimonides, Hunayn ibn Ishaq or Sergius of Reshaina (in cooperation with, inter alios, Y. Tzvi Langermann);
e) various topics of medieval Jewish-Islamic popular science, such as astrological medicine, weather forecasting; magic (ornithomancy, scapulimancy); stone lore.
Selected works
Editions:
a) Maimonides
The Medical Works of Moses Maimonides. Parallel Arabic-English editions and translations, with editions of the medieval Hebrew and Latin translations, in collaboration with Charles Burnett, Y. Tzvi Langermann and Michael R. McVaugh. 17 vols. 1–10: Brigham Young University Press, Provo, Utah 2002–2017; 11–17: Brill, Leiden 2018–2021.
On Asthma, vol. 1.
Medical Aphorisms, vol. 1 (Treatises 1–5).
Medical Aphorisms, vol. 2 (Treatises 6–9).
On Asthma, vol. 2.
On Poisons and the Protection against Lethal Drugs.
Medical Aphorisms, vol. 3 (Treatises 10–15).
On Hemorrhoids.
On Rules Regarding the Practical Part of the Medical Art.
Medical Aphorisms, vol. 4 (Treatises 16–21).
Medical Aphorisms, vol. 5 (Treatises 22–25).
On Coitus.
On the Regimen of Health.
On the Elucidation of Some Symptoms and the Response to Them (Formerly Known as On the Causes of Symptoms).
Commentary on Hippocrates' Aphorisms. 2 vols. /
Medical Aphorisms: Hebrew Translation by Nathan ha-Mea'ti.
Medical Aphorisms: Hebrew Translation by Zerahyah ben She'altiel Hen.
Medical Aphorisms: Glossary & Indexes.
The Medical Works of Moses Maimonides. New English Translations based on the Critical Editions of the Arabic Manuscripts. Brill, Leiden 2021.
b) Ibn al-Jazzar
On Forgetfulness and Its Treatment. Critical edition of the Arabic text and the Hebrew translations with commentary and translation into English. London 1995.
Zād al-musāfir wa-qūt al-ḥāḍir. Critical edition of the original Arabic text, with English translation, introduction and commentary. Kegan Paul, London 1997–2000; Brill, Leiden 2015–.
On Sexual Diseases and Their Treatment. A Critical edition of Zād al-musāfir wa-qūt al-ḥāḍir (Provisions for the Traveller and Nourishment for the Sedentary), Book 6. London 1997.
On Fevers. A Critical edition of Zād al-musāfir wa-qūt al-ḥāḍir (Provisions for the Traveller and Nourishment for the Sedentary), Book 7, Chapters 1–6. London 2000.
Zād al-musāfir wa-qūt al-ḥāḍir (Provisions for the Traveller and Nourishment for the Sedentary), Book 7 (7–30). With a critical edition of Moses ibn Tibbon's Hebrew translation (Ṣedat ha-Derakhim). Brill, Leiden 2015.
c) Others
Al-Kindi, Scientific Weather Forecasting in the Middle Ages. The writings of Al-Kindī. Studies, editions, and translations of the Arabic, Hebrew and Latin texts, in collaboration with Charles Burnett. London 2000.
Shem Tov ben Isaac of Tortosa, Medical Synonym Lists from Medieval Provence. Sefer ha-Shimmush, Book 29. Part 1 – Edition and Commentary of List 1 (Hebrew-Arabic-Romance/Latin), in collaboration with Martina Hussein, Guido Mensching and Frank Savelsberg. Brill, Leiden 2011.
Shem Tov ben Isaac of Tortosa, Medical Glossaries in the Hebrew Tradition. Sefer Almansur. With a supplement on the Romance and Latin terminology, in collaboration with Guido Mensching and Julia Zwink. Brill, Leiden 2017.
Marwan ibn Janah, On the Nomenclature of Medicinal Drugs (Kitāb al-Talkhīṣ). Edition, translation, and commentary, with special reference to the Ibero-Romance terminology, in collaboration with Fabian Käs, Mailyn Lübke and Guido Mensching. 2 vols. Brill, Leiden 2020.
Abraham Abigdor, A Fragment of Abraham Avigdor's Translation of Gerard de Solo's Practica from the Cairo Genizah: Edition and Analysis with Special Regard to the Old Occitan Elements, Aleph 21.2 (2021): 309–357, in collaboration with Sandra Hajek and Guido Mensching.
Research:
a) Medieval Hebrew medical terminology
Novel Medical and General Hebrew Terminology. 5 vols. 1–3: Oxford University Press (Journal of Semitic Studies, Supplement Series), Oxford 2011–2016; 4–5: Brill, Leiden 2018–2021. /
A Concise Dictionary of Novel Medical and General Hebrew Terminology from the Middle Ages. Brill, Leiden 2019.
b) Medieval medico-botanical synonym lists
Hebrew Medical Synonym Literature. Romance and Latin Terms and Their Identification, Aleph 5 (2005): 169–211, in collaboration with Guido Mensching.
Arabic-Romance Medico-botanical Synonym Lists in Hebrew Manuscripts from the Iberian Peninsula and Italy (Vatican Library, Fourteenth–Fifteenth Century), Aleph 15.1 (2015): 9–61, in collaboration with Guido Mensching.
A Glimpse into Medical Practice among Jews around 1500. Latin-German Pharmaceuticasl Glossaries in Hebrew Characters Extant in Ms Leiden, Universiteitsbibliotheek, Cod. Or. 4732/1 (SCAL 15), fols. 1a–17b, in collaboration with Klaus-Dietrich Fischer. Brill, Leiden 2021.
Glossaris medicobotànics multilingües de l'edat mitjana en grafia hebrea, in Sabers per als laics. Vernacularització, formació, transmissió (Corona d'Aragó, 1250–1600), ed. by Isabel Müller and Frank Savelsberg, Berlin 2021, 19–41, in collaboration with Guido Mensching.
c) Jewish physicians and translators of the Middle Ages
R. Moshe Narboni, Philosopher and Physician. A Critical Analysis of Sefer Oraḥ Ḥayyim, Medieval Encounters 2.1 (1995): 219–251.
Maimonides' Medical Works and their Contribution to their Medical Biography, Maimonidean Studies 5 (2008): 243–266.
Medical Terminology in the Hebrew Tradition. Shem Tov Ben Isaac, Sefer ha-Shimmush, Book 30, Journal of Semitic Studies 55.1 (2010): 53–101
Medical Terminology in the Hebrew Tradition. Nathan Ben Eliezer ha-Me'ati, Glossary to the Hebrew translation of Ibn Sīnā's K. al-Qānūn fī al-ṭibb, Revue des Études Juives 173. 3–4 (2013): 305–321.
d) Reception of Galen in the Middle Ages
The Reception of Galen in Maimonides' Medical Aphorisms, in The Unknown Galen, ed. V. Nutton, London 2002, 139–152.
Pseudo-Galen, Al-Adwiya 'l-maktuma, with the commentary of Hunayn ibn Ishaq, Suhayl 6 (2006): 81–112, in collaboration with Y. Tzvi Langermann.
The Introduction of Sergius of Resh‘aina to Galen's Commentary on Hippocrates' On Nutriment, Journal of Semitic Studies 54.1 (2009): 179–204, in collaboration with Y. Tzvi Langermann.
The Alexandrian Summaries of Galen's On Critical Days. Editions and translations of the two versions of the Jawāmiʿ, with Introduction and Notes, in collaboration with Y. Tzvi Langermann. Brill. Leiden 2014.
An Epitome of Galen's On the Elements, Ascribed to Hunayn Ibn Ishaq, Arabic Sciences and Philosophy 25 (2015): 33–78, in collaboration with Y. Tzvi Langermann.
e) Various topics of medieval Jewish-Islamic popular science
Hayyim Vital's Kabbalah Ma‘asit we-Alkhimiyah (Practical Kabbalah and Alchemy), a Seventeenth Century ‘Book of Secrets, Journal of Jewish Thought and Philosophy 4 (1994): 55–112.
Jewish Traditions on Strengthening Memory and Leone Modena's Evaluation, Jewish Studies Quarterly 2.1 (1995): 39–58.
Jewish Traditions on Magic with Birds (Ornithomancy), (2015, online).
References
External links
Website and Publications
academia.edu
Research projects at the Martin Buber Institute for Jewish Studies, University of Cologne (in German)
DiTMAO
1948 births
Living people
Judaic scholars
University of Amsterdam alumni
Utrecht University alumni
Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam alumni
Hebrew University of Jerusalem alumni
University of Cologne faculty
