Ma Shuai (; born 16 February 1985 in Dalian) is a Chinese former footballer.
Club career
Ma Shuai was loaned out to Citizen at the beginning of the 2004/05 Hong Kong First Division League season. They scored 14 league goals in 21 appearances for Citizen in this season, which made them to be a member of the Best Eleven Squad. After their successful loan at Hong Kong, Ma immediately returned to Dalian Shide in the summer of 2005. They made their debut against Beijing Guoan on 10 July 2005 in a 4-3 win and scored their first goal for Dalian. They scored 5 goals in 6 appearances in the 2005 Chinese Super League. On 20 November 2005, Ma scored the winning goal for Dalian against Shandong Luneng in the 2005 Chinese FA Cup final.
Ma got further opportunities in 2006, however they were often used as a substitute throughout the season. In 2007, they had a falling out with the team manager Jo Bonfrere and was sent to the reserve team immediately. They were released by Dalian in 2008.
Ma moved to Japan in 2010, playing with regional league football team Unsommet Iwate Hachimantai. They returned to China and signed a one-year deal with Liaoning Whowin in 2011. Failed to establish themselves within the club, they were released at the end of the season.
Honours
Club
Dalian Shide
Chinese Super League: 2005
Chinese FA Cup: 2005
Personal
Hong Kong First Division League Best Eleven Squad: 2004-2005
References
External links
Player profile at sodasoccer.com
1985 births
Living people
Chinese footballers
Footballers from Dalian
Association football forwards
Dalian Shide F.C. players
Liaoning F.C. players
Chinese Super League players
Citizen AA players
Hong Kong First Division League players
Expatriate footballers in Hong Kong
Expatriate footballers in Japan
Chinese expatriate footballers
Percy Allen (1875–1959) was an English journalist, writer and lecturer most notable for their advocacy of the Oxfordian theory of Shakespeare authorship, and particularly for their creation of Prince Tudor theory, which claimed that the Earl of Oxford fathered a child with Queen Elizabeth I.
Early writings
Allen's a father was a lawyer, but their family also had literary and theatrical connections. They were the grandson of Victorian actor Fanny Stirling.
Living in Croydon, by the early 20th century Allen was established as a prolific author and journalist. In their youth they became a member of the Christian adventist sect the Plymouth Brethren. They moved to France, publishing several travel books about France. Impressions of Provence (1910) and Burgundy: the Splendid Duchy – Stories and Sketches in South Burgundy (1912) were collaborations with the illustrator Marjorie Nash. Berry: The Heart of France (1923) was a similar work illustrated by P. Dubuisson. They also wrote on French poetry and history, publishing Songs of Old France (1908) and Roman and Mediaeval France published by the Paris-Lyon Mediterranean Railway. They were in France during the First World War, working with the YMCA in 1918.
After the war they returned to London, and was employed by the Christian Science Monitor as its drama critic. In 1922 they wrote a biography of their grandmother, The Stage Life of Mrs Stirling: With Some Sketches of the Nineteenth Century Theatre. In the mid-1920s they also published a number of plays. These included two full-length comedies, Tradition and the Torch and Comers Down the Wind, along with two one-act plays, The Seekers and The Life that's Free. At the same time Allen became interested in Spiritualism, after having read several books on the subject. They were convinced of the veracity of spirit-communication by Arthur Conan Doyle.
In 1928 they turned their attention to Shakespeare, publishing Shakespeare and Chapman as Topical Dramatists, an attempt to demonstrate that works by Shakespeare and George Chapman commented on political and cultural events of the day. They later followed it up with a book on Shakespeare's and Chapman's references to events in recent French history. In 1929, they published Shakespeare, Jonson and Wilkins as Borrowers, drawing attention to the wide range of sources appropriated by Elizabethan dramatists.
Oxfordian works
Shortly after beginning to work on Shakespeare, they became converted to the theories of J. Thomas Looney, founder of Oxfordian theory, which claims that Edward de Vere, 17th Earl of Oxford wrote the plays published under Shakespeare's name. They soon became a strong advocate of the theory. In 1930 they wrote The Case for Edward de Vere, 17th Earl of Oxford as Shakespeare. They followed it up with a regular stream of publications, most importantly The Life Story of Edward de Vere as "William Shakespeare", in which they attempted to create a biography of de Vere matched to the publication of the poems and plays. Allen argued that the Ashbourne portrait depicted de Vere in the guise of Shakespeare, asserting that the features of the man in the portrait corresponded to those of de Vere and that the costume implied a date earlier than 1611, the one signed to the image. They believed that the portrait dated from 1597, but had later been retouched as part of "an elaborate plot". Allen also believed that the Grafton portrait depicted de Vere.
Allen argued that George Chapman was a bitter enemy of Oxford and that many of their writings were attacks on Oxford/Shakespeare.  They are the "Rival Poet" mentioned in the sonnets. According to Allen, their play The Revenge of Bussy D'Ambois is in fact a sustained criticism of Hamlet. Oxford wrote Troilus and Cressida in response, an attack on Chapman's translations of Homer, in which Chapman is caricatured as Thersites.
Prince Tudor theory
Soon, however, Allen's views began to diverge from Looney's. Looney wrote that Allen and another follower, Bernard Mordaunt Ward, were "advancing certain views respecting Oxford and Queen Eliz. which appear to me extravagant & improbable, in no way strengthen Oxford's Shakespeare claims, and are likely to bring the whole cause into ridicule." This was the suggestion that the queen had a son by Oxford, which first appears in an appendix to The Life Story of Edward De Vere. The child is not identified. Allen argues that a passage in Two Gentlemen of Verona is a reference to the queen's pregnancy, which could easily be concealed in those days by the "fashion of dress of great ladies". A later book claimed that the child was an actor named William Hughes, and then finally Allen argued that it was Henry Wriothesley, 3rd Earl of Southampton, the dedicatee of Shakespeare's poems.
Allen's theory was not well received by many Oxfordians. Among those who rejected it was Sigmund Freud, a strong supporter of Looney. Freud wrote personally to Allen to express their disapproval.
Talks with Elizabethans
In 1936 Allen undertook a three months' lecture tour of Canada and the USA. In the following year they lost the use of their right eye after an operation, while also having to cope with serious financial problems. In 1939 their twin brother Ernest, to whom they were very close, died. This, and the outbreak of World War II, pushed Allen into depression. They consulted the medium Hester Dowden seeking to contact their brother and find support for their beliefs. Dowden had previously provided support to the Baconian theory, a rival alternative theory of Shakespeare authorship. Dowden's "spirit guide" spoke to the spirit of Ernest who contacted de Vere, Shakespeare and Bacon. De Vere stated that they collaborated with other writers to create the plays and confirmed that the Ashbourne portrait depicted him. Dowden's biographer reveals that Allen's was the final and true revelation on the topic, since from their teenage years Allen had been destined to be the bearer of the ultimate truth:
When Percy Allen was a boy of fifteen or sixteen they had to pass one of the University Extension examinations which necessitated their reading The Tempest. It was their first introduction to Shakespeare, and the thrill which they received from it set their mind upon a lifetime study of the plays. Unknown to Allen at this time, a plan had been worked out by spirit people interested in their earthly life that they should be the means of finally unravelling the great mystery of Shakespeare's origin and work."
These revelations were published in Talks with Elizabethans in 1945. The controversy caused by the events forced Allen to stand down as president of the Oxfordian organisation the Shakespeare Fellowship, to which they had been elected in 1944. When their predecessor Montagu Douglas left, the president's post remained empty for a year.
After this Allen continued to write and lecture. They were described as a pleasant and entertaining speaker by the Oxfordian journal Shakespearean Authorship Review, which stated that "he held their audience tightly in their mesh of literary fascination". They died in 1959 at the age of 84.
Notes
1875 births
1959 deaths
Oxfordian theory of Shakespeare authorship
British travel writers
Shakespeare authorship theorists
Segundo Leonidas Iza Salazar (born c. 1982) is an Ecuadorian activist and indigenous leader of Kichwa-Panzaleo ancestry who is serving as the president of the Confederation of Indigenous Nationalities of Ecuador (CONAIE) since 27 June 2021. Alongside Jaime Vargas, Iza led the demonstrations held in Ecuador in October 2019 by the CONAIE against the economic measures taken by the then-government of Lenín Moreno.
Biography
They were born to José María Iza Viracocha and Rosa Elvira Salazar; the former was a historical indigenous leader. Additionally, they are the cousin of Leonidas Iza Quinatoa, a former member of congress and participant in the first indigenous uprising. They studied Environmental Engineering at the Technical University of Cotopaxi. They also claim to have read writings of leftist thinkers, highlighting, among those that have influenced their thinking, Eduardo Galeano's essay entitled The Open Veins of Latin America and the work of José Carlos Mariátegui.
Their activity in the indigenous movement as a catechist began at the age of fifteen after reading Galeano's work. They later became president of the community of San Ignacio de Toacaso in Latacunga Canton in 2010, ultimately becoming a member and later leader of the Youth Commission 2013, and of the Provincial Committee of Pachakutik. In 2012, they noted their party's opposition to the 2013 Ecuador presidential election of Auki Tituaña as Guillermo Lasso's running mate.
During the Congress of the Indigenous and Peasant Movement of Cotopaxi (MICC), which was held between September 30-October 1, 2016, they were elected president of the organization. Representing the Union of Peasant Organizations of North Cotopaxi (Unocan) and with the support of twenty-two other organizations, they managed to beat Manuel Vega (75 votes) and Gerardo Saca (18 votes) by securing a total of 102 votes.
Presidency of the CONAIE
Leonidas Iza is the new president of the Confederation of Indigenous Nationalities of Ecuador (CONAIE). Iza represented the Indigenous and Peasant Movement of Cotopaxi (MICC) and managed to capture votes from some of the delegates from the Coast, the Amazon, and the Highlands. Their nomination was confirmed on Sunday, June 27, 2021, on the last day of the VII National Congress of the CONAIE, which was held in the town of Salasaca, in the Province of Tungurahua, Ecuador. Iza achieved 821 votes; María Andrade, 287; and Marco Guatemal, 153.
During the 2022 Ecuadorian protests, initially launched due to rising fuel prices and continued discrimination against the indigenous population, they were arrested by police on June 15 in the Pastocalle Sector, Cotopaxi.
In July 2022 talks broke down between the executive and Iza after the President said that talks were off. The President had meetings with Iza and others with mediation from church leaders - despite an attack on a military convoy in Orellana province. Diana Atamaint (as president of the National Electoral Council), the National Assembly President Virgilio Saquicela and César Córdova of the CPCCS all called on the President for calm and to continue talks.
References
External links
BBC report
Living people
1980s births
Ecuadorian people of indigenous peoples descent
Prisoners and detainees of Ecuador
Place of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth uncertain
John Naif Ellem (born July 19, 1967 in Parkersburg, West Virginia) is an American politician and a Republican member of the West Virginia House of Delegates representing District 10 since their January 4, 2001 appointment to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Representative Rick Modesitt. In 2014 Ellem announced that they would not be running for re-election.
Education
Ellem earned their BS from Wheeling Jesuit University and their JD from the West Virginia University College of Law.
Elections
2012 Ellem placed first in the three-way May 8, 2012 Republican Primary with 3,379 votes (35.7%), and placed second in the four-way three-position November 6, 2012 General election with 12,801 votes (26.7%) behind incumbent Republican Representative Tom Azinger and ahead of incumbent Democratic Representative Daniel Poling and Republican perennial candidate Frederick Gillespie, who had run for the seat in 2000, 2002, 2004, 2006, 2008, and 2010.
2002 Ellem placed in the five-way 2002 Republican Primary, and was elected in the six-way three-position November 5, 2002 General election alongside fellow incumbent Representatives J. D. Beane (D) and Tom Azinger (R).
2004 Ellem placed in the five-way 2004 Republican Primary and was re-elected in the six-way three-position November 2, 2004 General election with incumbents Beane (D) and Azinger (R).
2006 Ellem placed in the four-way 2006 Republican Primary and was re-elected in the six-way three-position November 7, 2006 General election incumbents Beane (D) and Azinger (R).
2008 When Representative Beane left the Legislature and appointed Representative Daniel Poling (D) ran for re-election, Ellem placed second in the seven-way May 13, 2008 Republican Primary with 2,969 votes (22.8%), and placed second in the six-way three-position November 4, 2008 General election with 11,003 votes (19.1%) behind Representative Azinger (R) and ahead of incumbent Representative Daniel Poling (D).
2010 Ellem placed second in the eight-way May 11, 2010 Republican Primary with 2,558 votes (20.9%), and placed first in the four-way three-position November 2, 2010 General election with 10,307 votes (28.1%) ahead of incumbents Azinger (R) and Poling (D) and Republican nominee Frederick Gillespie.
References
External links
Official page at the West Virginia Legislature
John Ellem at Ballotpedia
John N. Ellem at OpenSecrets
1967 births
Living people
Members of the West Virginia House of Delegates
Politicians from Parkersburg, West Virginia
West Virginia lawyers
West Virginia Republicans
West Virginia University College of Law alumni
Wheeling University alumni
The Consensus 2007 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of four major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, the USBWA, The Sporting News and the National Association of Basketball Coaches.
2007 Consensus All-America team
Individual All-America teams
AP Honorable Mention:
References
NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans
All-Americans
Molesworth is a former railway station in Molesworth, Victoria, Australia.
References
Railway stations in Australia opened in 1890
Railway stations closed in 1978
Disused railway stations in Victoria (Australia)
Mansfield railway line
Shlomo Ben-Yosef (; May 7, 1913 - June 29, 1938) was a member of the Revisionist Zionist underground group Irgun.  They are most noted for their participation in an April 21, 1938 attack on a bus carrying Arab civilians, intended as a retaliation for an earlier attack by Arabs against Jews, and emblematic as a rejection of the establishment policy of Havlagah, or restraint. For this reason, and especially for having been the first Jew executed by the British authorities during the mandate period, Ben-Yosef became a martyr for the Revisionist cause and is commemorated by the State of Israel as one of 12 Olei Hagardom.
Early life
Shlomo Ben-Yosef was born Szalom Tabacznik in Lutsk, in the Volhynian Governorate of the Russian Empire (now in Ukraine) to a religious Polish-speaking Jewish family. They joined the Revisionist Zionist youth movement Betar in 1928, and two years later, they became the family breadwinner after the death of their father.
In 1937, they decided to emigrate to Mandatory Palestine. After their application for an immigration certificate was rejected, they illegally immigrated to Palestine, arriving on September 20, 1937. There, they joined the Betar labor company at Rosh Pinna - upon arrival there, they burned their Polish passport and changed their name to Shlomo Ben-Yosef. Shortly after arriving at Rosh Pinna, they were accepted into the Irgun. They found a job at the port of Haifa.
April 21, 1938 revenge attack
On March 28, 1938, a car containing 10 Jews was ambushed by Arabs on the Acre-Safad road and six of them were killed. In revenge, Shlomo Ben-Yosef (24), Avraham Shein (17) and Yehoshua "Shalom" Zurabin (19), all of whom were Betar members from Rosh Pina, began planning a revenge attack.
On April 21, 1938, armed with a hand grenade and two guns, Ben-Yosef, Shein, and Zurabin ambushed an Arab bus staged on the Tiberias–Rosh Pina road, a mountain road near Safed. Their plan was to destroy the engine with a hand-grenade; as the bus approached, they shot at it and Ben-Yosef tossed the grenade, which failed to detonate it. The bus drove away.
The incident occurred at the crest of the 1936–1938 Arab Revolt, and during a high point in tensions between British authorities and the Revisionist Zionist movement. The three perpetrators were soon discovered hiding in a nearby cowshed in the possession of pistols and home-made bombs.
Trial and execution
Ben-Yosef, Shein, and Zurabin were put on trial in the Haifa Military Court, charged with offenses under the Emergency (Defence) Regulations. They pleaded not guilty. Shein and Ben-Yosef were found guilty of discharging a firearm and carrying firearms, bombs and ammunition, but not guilty of a third charge of throwing bombs with intention to cause death or injury. Zurabin was found not guilty of all charges on grounds of insanity, and "ordered to be kept in custody as a criminal lunatic until further notice". Shein and Ben-Yosef were sentenced to death by hanging. According to Shlaim, as the verdict was announced, Shein and Zurabin stood up and shouted at the top of their voices: "Long live the Kingdom of Israel on both banks of the Jordan!" Shein's death sentence was commuted to life imprisonment when their birth certificate fetched from Poland proved they were under 18 years old. They were released in 1946. General Robert Haining, the commander of British forces in Palestine, confirmed Ben-Yosef's death sentence, and an attempt by Ben-Yosef's counsel to secure a stay of execution was unsuccessful.
According to J. Bowyer Bell, there was hope that due to the fact that the attack had not killed anyone, and that because Ben-Yosef was of good character and without any previous record, their death sentence would be commuted, as a similar case involving an Arab youth from Gaza who was found to be of good character had ended with a reprieve, but the British authorities, who had used the death penalty for convicted Arabs over the course of the Arab Revolt, wanted to hang Ben-Yosef as a demonstration of their even-handedness, and General Haining was pressured to confirm Ben-Yosef's death sentence by senior figures in the Palestine Mandate administration.
The British authorities received many appeals for clemency from the Yishuv, from both Jewish organizations and individuals, as well as from the Jewish diaspora, which took great interest in the case. According to Bell, "it was so patent that the sentence related not to Ben-Yosef's crime but to the furtherance of British policy that outrage spread far beyond the Yishuv." Robert Briscoe, an Irish-Jewish politician, unsuccessfully sought a legal loophole to stay the execution. Due to their Polish citizenship, the Polish government also lodged a request for clemency in the name of Shalom Tabachnik. All requests for clemency were refused. David Ben-Gurion, then chairperson of the Zionist Executive, even though they strongly opposed the Irgun and especially Ben-Yosef's attack, met with the British High Commissioner and begged them to pardon Ben Yosef. Ben-Yosef objected to the amnesty requests and rejected an Irgun plan to release them from prison . "Lehi" says Lexicon that they did so "in order to determine the image of a fearless Hebrew warrior who sacrifices their lives for the sake of their people and their homeland." Before their death, Ben Yosef wrote: "I am going to die, and I am not at all sorry, because I am going to die for our country!" The night before their execution, a group of journalists visited Ben-Yosef in their cell in Acre Prison, where they refused consolation, declared that they were proud to be the first Jew to go to the gallows, and said "in dying I shall do my people a greater service than in life. Let the world see that Jews are not afraid to face death." On the wall of their death cell, they etched out "to die or to conquer the height" and "death compared with one's country is nothing."
Ben-Yosef was executed in Acre Prison on June 29, 1938. Due to their execution date falling on Rosh Chodesh, no rabbi was available to give them consolation. While being escorted to the gallows, they sang the Betar anthem. Seconds before they were hanged, they called out "long live the Jewish state! Long live Jabotinsky!" Following their execution, their body was turned over to six Betar members waiting at the prison gates.
Aftermath
Ben-Yosef's execution provoked outrage and mourning across the Yishuv. In Jerusalem and Tel Aviv, shops were closed and black flags were displayed from windows, and a demonstration against the execution in Tel Aviv was broken up by police. The British authorities imposed curfews in Tel Aviv and Jerusalem. A police guard was present at Ben-Yosef's funeral in Rosh Pina.
There were demonstrations of mourning across Jewish communities in Europe, particularly in Poland, where synagogues throughout the country were jammed with mourners, and tens of thousands of Jews fasted in mourning accordance with a plea by the rabbinate. In Kaunas, all Jewish theaters were closed as memorial services were held, and in Amsterdam, a stone wrapped in a note protesting "the murder of Ben Joseph" was thrown by Dutch Zionists through a window of the British consulate. Ben-Yosef's mother received cables of condolence from around the world, and Betar promised them a lifetime pension and to secure their immigration to Palestine.
The British police officer who served as Ben-Yosef's hangman, Inspector E.T. Turton, was fatally wounded in a Lehi bombing in 1942. Their legs had to be amputated, and they died a week later.
Ben-Yosef became a martyr for the Revisionist cause. Today, they are commemorated by some in Israel as one of the Olei Hagardom. Streets in Israel have been named for him, and they are commemorated on Olei Hagardom memorials throughout the country.
References
External links
http://www.etzel.org.il/english/people/benyosef.htm - profile at the Irgun website
http://www.betar.org/history/hist-h.htm - profile at betar.org
https://web.archive.org/web/20070202085118/http://www.betar.co.uk/betaris/shlomo.php - profile at the UK Betarist website
https://web.archive.org/web/20070203233932/http://www.csuohio.edu/tagar/shlomo.htm- Letters from Ben-Yosef at Acre Prison
1913 births
1938 deaths
People from Lutsk
People from Lutsky Uyezd
Ukrainian Jews
Jews from the Russian Empire
Polish emigrants to Mandatory Palestine
Betar members
Irgun members
Olei Hagardom
Executed Ukrainian people
Executed Polish people
People executed by Mandatory Palestine by hanging
Charles Dyer Norton (March 12, 1871 – March 6, 1923) was an American banker who served Assistant Secretary of the Treasury and Secretary to President William Howard Taft.
Early life
Norton was born on March 12, 1871 in Oshkosh, Wisconsin. They were a son of the Rev. Franklin Burroughs Norton (1833–1895) and Harriet Arvilla ( Dyer) Norton (1846–1921). Through their mother, they were a direct descendant of Mary Dyer, the Quaker martyr, and of Roger Williams, founder of Rhode Island.
They graduated from Amherst College with the class of 1893. Their father had graduated from Amherst in 1856.
Career
Norton spent several years with Scribner's Magazine before becoming associated with the Northwest Mutual Life Insurance Company, eventually becoming general agent for the company in Chicago. They stayed with Northwest Mutual until 1909 when they became Assistant Secretary of the Treasury under President Taft's Secretary Franklin MacVeagh, replacing Louis A. Coolidge who served under President Roosevelt's Secretary George B. Cortelyou. In 1910, Norton left the Treasury Department (and was succeeded by A. Piatt Andrew) to become Secretary to President William Howard Taft, where they "organized the Commission on Economy and Efficiency which prepared the Government estimates on a budge basis for the first time." They worked for Taft for one year and was succeeded by fellow former Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, Charles D. Hilles.
In 1911, they left the White House to become Vice President of the First National Bank of New York (which later became Citibank). They replaced Thomas W. Lamont, who left to become a partner at J. P. Morgan & Co. In 1918, Norton retired as vice president of the Bank, and became president of the First Security Company, an affiliated institution, succeeding George Fisher Baker who became chairperson of the board.
Norton was president of the Coal and Coke Railway Company, the New Gauley Coal Corporation and a vice president of the West Virginia Coal and Coke Company. They were a trustee of the Adams Express Company and a director of the American Railway Express Company, the First National Bank, Equitable Life Assurance Society, Montgomery Ward & Co., Delaware, Lackawanna and Western Coal Co., American Telephone and Telegraph Company among others.
Philanthropy and volunteer efforts
While at the Treasury, Norton became a member of the Executive Committee and Treasurer of the American Red Cross as well as a trustee. In 1917, President Woodrow Wilson appointed them one of the five members of the Red Cross War Council, which assumed the management of the Red Cross in its war work. They also served as a trustee of the Russell Sage Foundation and was chairperson of the Special Committee on Plan of New York and its Environs as well as the Metropolitan Museum of Art, the American Academy in Rome, and a trustee and treasurer of the American Federation of Arts.
Personal life
In 1897, Norton was married to Katherine McKim Garrison (1873–1948) of Llewellyn Park in West Orange, New Jersey. They were a daughter of prominent editor and author Wendell Phillips Garrison and the poet Lucy (née McKim) Garrison. Katherine's grandfather was the prominent abolitionist William Lloyd Garrison and among their family were aunt Fanny Garrison Villard (wife of railroad tycoon Henry Villard) and maternal uncle Charles Follen McKim, the prominent New York architect. They were the parents of three children:
Garrison Norton (1900–1995), the Assistant Secretary of the Navy who married Emily McMullan.
Lucia Garrison Norton (1902–1992), who married Alan C. Valentine in 1928.
Charles McKim Norton (1907–1991), who married pianist Martha Chipman Hutcheson (d. 1988) in 1939.
Norton died of complications from influenza on March 6, 1923 at 4 East 66th Street, their home in New York City. At the time of their death, their eldest son was a senior at Harvard, their daughter was a senior at Smith, and their younger son was at Groton. They were buried at Rosedale Cemetery in New Jersey. Their widow, who never remarried, died in New York on February 8, 1948.
References
External links
1871 births
1923 deaths
Dyer family
Amherst College alumni
American bankers
United States Assistant Secretaries of the Treasury
Burials at Rosedale Cemetery (Orange, New Jersey)
Douglas Paul Reffue (born December 1, 1969, in Gloversville, New York) is the Vice President for Operations for Millenium Partners Sports Club Management LLC, the parent company of Sports Club/LA. They formerly served as president and general manager of the Boston Blazers of the National Lacrosse League.
Education
Reffue was a standout collegiate soccer player for Colgate University from 1988 to 1992. They later enrolled in the Master of Business Administration program at Boston College graduating in 1995. They and Boston College professor Dr. Victoria L. Crittenden co-authored a paper entitled "Line Logic on the Bow Tie" for the Journal of Product and Brand Management (2006).
Move to Professional Sports Management
After an early career in product and brand management for Polaroid, Brine Sports and Yankee Candle, Reffue was named president and General Manager of the National Lacrosse League's Boston Blazers on April 7, 2008. Prior to the 2011 NLL season, Reffue engineered several blockbuster signings for the Blazers, including the signing of former NLL MVP forward Casey Powell. In May 2013, they became an executive with Millenium Partners Sports Club Management LLC, responsible for the oversight of the company's luxury sports club brand Sports Club/LA.
References
Living people
1969 births
Our House is an Australian dance music band formed by Melbourne-based DJ's Sean Quinn and Kasey Taylor.
The House debut single "Feel My Love" was released in 1994. The follow-up single, "Dreams" reached Number 2 on the French Charts. The House single "Floorspace" was nominated for the 1997 ARIA Award for Best Dance Release and reached number 2 on the UK Dance charts.
In 2004 Our House released its debut album Is Your House, Our House.
Band members
Sean Quinn
Kasey Taylor
Discography
Studio albums
Singles
"Feel My Love" (1994)
"Our House" (1995)
"Floorspace" (1996)
"Floating" (1998)
"Soliton Wave" / "Forced" (2001)
"Twilight" / "Fire & Ice" (2002)
Awards
ARIA Music Awards
The ARIA Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony that recognises excellence, innovation, and achievement across all genres of Australian music.
|-
| 1997
| Floorspace
| ARIA Award for Best Dance Release
|
|-
References
Australian dance music groups
Parker 13-Sided Barn is an officially registered historic barn nestled in the hamlet of Jefferson in Schoharie County, New York. It is located on State Route 10 between Harpersfield and Stamford. The barn has a long and colorful history, built in 1896 and one of only two 13-sided barns listed in the National Register of Historic Places in this area of New York state. It meets the definition of being a round barn.
The Parker Barn is a three-story structure, 60 feet in diameter and was built by Mr. Richtmyer Hubbell over a century ago. The roof is double hipped which is topped by a 13-sided cupola. A longtime resident of Schoharie County, Charles Hubbell has fond memories being Grandson to the builder, and born at the homestead which surrounds this property. The homestead also consists of a late 19th-century, three-story, rectangular barn adjacent and directly connected to the 13-sided barn by a hyphen, as well as a Victorian style Farmhouse situated on 15 acres just outside the Catskill Mountain range.
Over the decades, the site had been used as a Dairy barn housing cows, a chicken barn and finally a veal operation during its farming life. The 13 sided barn was originally constructed to house cows who supplied their milk to the two creameries located in the Village of Jefferson. "The cows were kept in stalls on the first floor of the barn and horses pulled wagons of hay to the second story via a bridge which led to large doors on the east side. (No longer in use.) After the hay was unloaded, the horses would then be led forward around the inside of the barn and through to the same doors they entered. This was far less dangerous than having the horses back out through doors to maneuver the steep bridge, especially during severe winters."
The Parker Barn was named such for its owner William Parker Sr. at which time the landmark registration was filed. Over 30 years ago, Mr. Parker was raising veal and had undertaken an extensive revitalizing of the barn. This sparked the interest of the National Registry to list the building.
The barn is currently privately owned and is slowly being renovated again not only to honor past generations of families who have labored, but for generations of families to come. The goal is to eventually open the barn to the public as well as opening visitors to the history that thrives in small town America.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
References
The Hubbell and Parker Families, Anne Gustavsson and the Jefferson Historical Society(Schoharie County, NY)
Round barns in New York (state)
Barns on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Infrastructure completed in 1896
Buildings and structures in Schoharie County, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Schoharie County, New York
Massimiliano Giacobbo (born 15 July 1974 in Cittadella) is an Italian former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.
External links
Career summary by playerhistory.com
1974 births
Living people
Italian footballers
Association football midfielders
Serie A players
Serie B players
Juventus F.C. players
Calcio Foggia 1920 players
A.S. Gualdo Casacastalda players
S.S. Arezzo players
Delfino Pescara 1936 players
A.C. Ancona players
A.C.R. Messina players
A.S. Cittadella players
UEFA Cup winning players
Torell Land is a land area at the southeast part of Spitsbergen, Svalbard. It is named after Otto Martin Torell. Two glaciers, Hornbreen and Hambergbreen, divide Torell Land from Sørkapp Land.
Torell Land is included in the Sør-Spitsbergen National Park.
References
Geography of Svalbard
Spitsbergen
Pontocyprididae is a family of ostracods belonging to the order Podocopida.
Genera
Genera:
Abyssocypris Bold, 1974
Aratrocypris Whatley, Ayress, Downing, Harlow & Kesler, 1985
Argilloecia Sars, 1866
References
Ostracods
Tomás Vilanova (18 January 1925 – July 2007) was a Salvadoran sports shooter. They competed in two events at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1925 births
2007 deaths
Salvadoran male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of El Salvador
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Santa Ana, El Salvador
Pavel, known professionally as Pavel, is an Indian film director and screenplay writer who primarily works in Bengali-language films.
They made their debut with the film Babar Naam Gandhiji, which was followed by Rosogolla. Their next film, Asur, was released on 3 January 2020, with Jeet, Abir Chatterjee and Nusrat Jahan.
They have also worked as an illustrator of book covers and has illustrated books by Nabarun Bhattacharya; Bhattacharjee made a documentary about Nabarun after their death titled Poet from Death Valley.
Early life
They have attended Kalighat High school & Mukul Bose memorial institution for schooling and went to Calcutta University for Bechalor's and master's degree in history. Besides studying in school, they were a very active participant in recitation, debate, quiz and drama.
Filmography
References
Bengali film directors
Bengali screenwriters
Indian film directors
Indian screenwriters
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Film directors from Kolkata
The 1867 Pensioner Settlements by-election was a by-election held in the multi-member then single member electorate during the 4th New Zealand Parliament, on 5 August 1867.
The by-election was caused by the resignation of incumbent MP Paul Frederick de Quincey on 1 July 1867.
The successful candidate was John Kerr.
Kerr was declared duly elected as the only eligible candidate, as Mr J. J. Jackson's name was not on the current electoral roll (though they were registered for next year). Jackson had been proposed by Hugh McNeil and seconded by John Lord.
References
Pensioner Settlements 1867
1867 elections in New Zealand
August 1867 events
1860s in Auckland
Politics of the Auckland Region
James Sanderson may refer to:
James Sanderson (musician) (1769–c. 1841), English violinist and composer
James Sanderson (naval officer) (1926–2010), U.S. Navy admiral
Sir James Sanderson, 1st Baronet (1741–1798), British banker and politician
James Sanderson (swimmer) (born 1993), Gibraltarian swimmer
James Sanderson (rugby union) (1852–1930), Scottish rugby union player
James Sanderson (military surgeon) (1812–1891), military surgeon in India and amateur meteorologist
James Sanderson (curler), Scottish curler
The 2008–09 Vanderbilt Commodores women's basketball team represented Vanderbilt University in the 2008–09 NCAA Division I basketball season. The Commodores are a member of the Southeast Conference and competed in the Sweet Sixteen at the NCAA Tournament. It was the Commodores 14th appearance in the NCAA Sweet 16 after earning its sixth Southeastern Conference Tournament championship.
Exhibition
Regular season
February 15: The Commodores wore pink jerseys to commemorate North Carolina State head coach Kay Yow. Christina Wirth scored 21 points to lead five players in double figures as the Commodores defeated Georgia 80-64. The other players in double figures were Merideth Marsh, who had 18 points, while Jennifer Risper, Hannah Tuomi and Tia Gibbs each had 10. Danielle Taylor led Georgia with 20 points in 32 minutes off the bench. Angel Robinson added 17. Vanderbilt used a 17-3 second-half run to take the lead for good. The score was tied 47-47 when Wirth made a jump shot as Marsh was fouled away from the ball. Marsh made both free throws to complete the four-point sequence and then scored the final five points of the run with a layup and three free throws.
Roster
Schedule
Player stats
Postseason
SEC Tournament
Vanderbilt 69, Georgia 61
Vanderbilt 61, LSU 47
Vanderbilt 61, Auburn 54
March 8: The Commodores earned the SEC Tournament crown for sixth time in school history. In the championship game, Christine Wirth scored 20 points, and the Commodores (No. 23 ESPN/USA Today, No. 22 AP) beat Auburn (No. 5 ESPN/USA Today, No. 6 AP) 61-54 to win the Southeastern Conference tournament.
Vanderbilt (24-8) defeated the Tigers (29-3) for the second time in three weeks to win the SEC tournament. Vanderbilt also extended its winning streak over Auburn to 15. Auburn star DeWanna Bonner was held to nine points after scoring a combined 58 in their first two games of the tournament. Whitney Boddie led the Tigers with 14 points and eight assists.
This was the 10th straight year the No. 1 seed has failed to win the SEC tournament. Wirth was named the tournament's most valuable player while Jennifer Risper also made the all-tournament squad. Vanderbilt has the second-most SEC tournament titles of any program, trailing only Tennessee's 13.
NCAA basketball tournament
Seeding in brackets
Raleigh Regional - Raleigh, NC
Vanderbilt (4) 73, Western Carolina (13) 44
Vanderbilt 74, Kansas State (5) 61
Maryland (1) 78, Vanderbilt 74
Awards and honors
Christina Wirth, All-Senior All-America First Team by the Lowe's Senior CLASS Award committee.
Christina Wirth, All-SEC Honors
Christina Wirth, SEC Tournament Most Valuable Player
Christina Wirth, SEC All-Tournament Team
Christina Wirth, 2008-09 Vanderbilt women's Co-Athletes of the Year.
Christina Wirth has received honorable mention on the 2009 State Farm Coaches' All-America Team
Jennifer Risper, SEC All-Tournament Team
Jennifer Risper, 2008-09 Vanderbilt women's Co-Athletes of the Year.
Jennifer Risper, The Women's Basketball Coaches Association (WBCA) has selected Vanderbilt's Jennifer Risper as the WBCA National Defensive Player of the Year.
Team players drafted into the WNBA
See also
2008–09 Vanderbilt Commodores men's basketball team
References
External links
Official Site
Vanderbilt Commodores women's basketball seasons
Vanderbilt
Vanderbilt
Nhlanhla Musa Nene ([ntɬantɬa], born 5 December 1958) served as the Minister of Finance of South Africa under President Jacob Zuma from 25 May 2014 until their controversial removal on 9 December 2015, and under President Cyril Ramaphosa from 27 February 2018 until their resignation on 9 October 2018. They also previously served as the Deputy Minister of Finance in the Cabinet of South Africa from November 2008 to May 2014, as chairperson of the Finance Portfolio Committee in the South African Parliament, and as a Member of Parliament for the African National Congress (ANC) starting in 1999. Their home is in Kranskop, KwaZulu-Natal.
Education
Nene holds a B.Com Honours degree in Economics from the University of Western Cape (UWC). They also obtained a Diploma in Marketing Management DMS; an Advanced Diploma in Economic Policy from the UWC; a Certificate in Economic Policy from the University of South Africa (UNISA); and a Certificate in Macro and Micro Economics from the University of London. They also attended a Course in Evaluating Macroeconomic Strategies in 2000 at Williams College (CDE), MA, USA. They matriculated at Gcothoyi Adult Centre.
Career
Nene was active in student politics in the 1970s, and became a member of African National Congress (ANC) Regional Executive Committee, Bambatha region where they became a Chairperson of the Bambatha Branch.
They worked as a Regional Administrative Manager for Metropolitan Life Insurance for 15 years. They became a labour union shop flight attendant and led a negotiating team for better working conditions during the period 1990 to 1995 and they organised the first ever strike in the financial sector, under the banner of SACAWU, while working at Metropolitan Life Insurance Company in 1990.
They served as regional secretary of ANC Ukhahlamba region from 1997 until 2000 and as a chairperson of Kranskop Policing Forum from 1997 to 1999. They became ANC Local Government councillor and caucus chairperson from 1996 until 1999 and chairperson of Ntunjambili Development Forum from 1994 until 1999.
They became a Member of Parliament in 1999, and as an MP was a co-chairperson of Joint Budget Committee from October 2002 to August 2005 and a chairperson of the Portfolio Committee on Finance from 2005 until 2008.
Political career
As a new Member of Parliament, Nene served on the finance committee, which Barbara Hogan chaired between 1999 and 2004. They have said they had a great deal of respect for them and their "no nonsense" ways.
Nene held the Chair of the Joint Budget Committee and is currently a member of the ANC Regional Executive Committee for the Bambatha region. Previously they have held the position of ANC Secretary for the Bambatha region. As chairperson of the portfolio finance committee, they have said that it is "not proper" for parliament to be involved in process of drafting the budget, adding "Parliament has an oversight responsibility with regard to the budget so [our effectiveness] depends on how well we use the parliamentary process." In 2008 when Parliament passed legislation that would give them more control over budgeting, Nene expressed concern, stressing that "utmost care should be taken that parliament does not undermine macroeconomic stability."
Earlier, they had been mentioned as a possible successor to Finance Minister Trevor Manuel in a possible Jacob Zuma-led ANC administration in 2009. In November 2008 President Kgalema Motlanthe appointed Nene as South Africa's Deputy Minister of Finance. Nene replaced Jabu Moleketi, who resigned after the recall of president Thabo Mbeki. Nene was appointed the new Minister of Finance on 25 May 2014. Nene status as to whether they are either the first or the second black Minister of Finance of South Africa is disputed.
Nene was hailed by financial analysts as a good finance minister who criticized several government spending plans, including a plan to build several nuclear plants.
2015 Removal as Finance Minister
On 9 December 2015, President Jacob Zuma issued a statement removing Finance Minister Nhlanhla Nene from their post without outlining the reasons: "I have decided to remove Mr Nhlanhla Nene as Minister of Finance, ahead of their deployment to another strategic position. Mr Nene has done well since their appointment as Minister of Finance during a difficult economic climate. Mr Nene enjoys a lot of respect in the sector locally and abroad, having also served as a Deputy Minister of Finance previously."
Nene was replaced by ANC back-bencher David van Rooyen. Markets reacted extremely negatively to Nene's replacement by Van Rooyen, and South African Rand dropped as much as 5.4 percent against the dollar in a single day. The FTSE/JSE financial 15 indexes fell 13.36%‚ the FTSE/JSE banks index dropped 18.54% and the FTSE/JSE all-share index shed 2.94%. The market capitalisation of the whole JSE went down by 1.49% to R11.18 trillion‚ a loss of R169.6-billion. The benchmark government bond‚ the R186‚ which was trading on a yield of 8.66% at the beginning of the week‚ ended the week at 10.40%. Within days, van Rooyen was removed as Finance Minister and replaced by Pravin Gordhan.
The Presidency announced that Nene had been nominated to lead the African Regional Center of the New Development Bank/BRICS Bank in Johannesburg. Nene however indicated in the Financial Mail that they had not received official confirmation of this nomination, and the nomination did not materialise.
In a Sunday newspaper Nene said they had acted "in the best interest" of the country when they took on President Jacob Zuma's close ally, SAA chairperson Dudu Myeni.
Nene initially returned to Parliament, but resigned as an MP later that month.
Second term as Finance Minister in 2018
Cyril Ramaphosa succeeded Zuma as President of South Africa in early 2018, and appointed Nene as Finance Minister. Nene resigned on 9 October 2018, following their admission that they had visited the controversial Gupta family on several occasions. Tito Mboweni was appointed to succeed him.
Other activities
African Development Bank (AfDB), Ex-Officio Member of the Board of Governors (since 2018)
Joint World Bank-IMF Development Committee, Member (since 2018)
Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency (MIGA), World Bank Group, Ex-Officio Member of the Board of Governors (since 2018)
World Bank, Ex-Officio Member of the Board of Governors (since 2018)
2008 Chair mishap
In 2008 they became an online hit after a 26-second clip of them falling from a chair during a television interview was posted on the video website YouTube.
The chair malfunction occurred while Nene was answering questions concerning Finance Minister Trevor Manuel's mini-budget on the programme View from the House. On the video, the chair cracks audibly, causing Nene to wince, though they kept speaking. Twelve seconds after the cracking sound the chair failed catastrophically, causing Nene to fall backwards, their hands grabbing at the desk as the chair collapsed beneath him. Presenter Hayde Fitzpatrick managed to keep stone faced as the camera switched quickly to them The program then went to a commercial break while the producers ascertained Nene's condition. They were unharmed and the interview continued, with Nene in a different chair.
The incident led to an apology from the South African Broadcasting Corporation after the clip was leaked onto the internet. SABC spokesperson Kaizer Kganyago called the event "unforeseeable and an accident," adding that "Mr. Nene must be applauded for being a true professional. They carried on with the interview after a short ad break." The video was viewed 498,000 times on 27 October 2008 and was shared on viral video websites and social networks.
Though Nene has said that the incident would not be good for their public image they later joked about it, stating that they had asked colleagues not to refer to their job title of Chair of the Committee whilst in their company. One colleague quipped that perhaps Nene should give up their chairpersonship of the portfolio finance committee to lead a standing committee instead. Nene's office was swamped by media requests, and Nene stated they no longer wished to talk about the matter. They denied that their weight was responsible for the chair's failure, saying "I know I am heavy but I sit on these chairs all the time. It can't be my weight." They indicated that their children have been teased about the incident at school by classmates, and they reportedly sought legal advice concerning their rights and options regarding the way the video was leaked.
References
External links
YouTube video of Chair mishap
The video on LateNightwithJimmyFallon website
|-
1958 births
Living people
People from Umvoti Local Municipality
Zulu people
African National Congress politicians
Finance ministers of South Africa
University of the Western Cape alumni
Strange Words and Weird Wars is the second studio album by Scottish musician Marnie, released on 2 June 2017 through Disco Pinata. It is Marnie's second album released during the hiatus of their main band Ladytron, the first being Crystal World (2013).
Release
Strange Words and Weird Wars is the second solo album of the Scottish musician Marnie (full name Helen Marnie), the lead vocalist and one of the songwriters and keyboardists of the electronic band Ladytron. The album was released on 2 June 2017. The first single "Alphabet Block" premiered on 24 January 2017 on PopJustice. "Lost Maps" was chosen as the second single and it was released on 30 March.
Track listing
Personnel
Helen Marnie – vocals, synthesizers
Jonny Scott – production
Lewis Gardiner – mixing
John Davis at Metropolis – mastering
Peter Kelly – additional drums, "Boys/girls", "Mind owl" and "Electric" drawings
Aleksandra Modrzejewska – photography
Helen Marnie and Jonny Scott – additional in-studio photography
References
External links
Ladytron official website
2017 albums
Helen Marnie albums
Avant-pop albums
Events from the year 1749 in Great Britain.
Incumbents
Monarch – George II
Prime Minister – Henry Pelham (Whig)
Parliament – 10th
Events
February – Admiralty revises the command structure of the Royal Navy and issues new Fighting Instructions.
1 February – two princes of Anamaboe who have been taken prisoners and made slaves are presented to King George II of Great Britain. The British government has paid their ransoms and they are placed in the care of the Earl of Halifax.
17 March – George Frideric Handel's oratorio Solomon first performed.
12 April – the Radcliffe Camera in Oxford, designed by James Gibbs, is opened as a library.
14 April – second-rate HMS Namur is wrecked in a storm near Fort St. David, India, with the loss of 520 lives.
27 April – the first official performance of Handel's Music for the Royal Fireworks finishes early due to the outbreak of fire. The piece was composed by Handel for a display in London's Green Park to commemorate the Peace of Aix-la-Chapelle which ended the War of the Austrian Succession in 1748.
9 July – British settlement of Halifax, Nova Scotia is founded.
12 September – the first recorded game of baseball is played, by Frederick, Prince of Wales, at Kingston upon Thames.
Undated
Henry Fielding becomes magistrate at Bow Street, and first enlists the help of the Bow Street Runners.
Publications
The second part of John Cleland's erotic novel Fanny Hill (Memoirs of a Woman of Pleasure) is published in February. The author is released from debtor's prison in March. The Church of England asks the Secretary of State to "stop the progress of this vile Book, which is an open insult upon Religion and good manners." In November, Cleland is arrested and charged with "corrupting the King's subjects."
Henry St John, 1st Viscount Bolingbroke's Idea of a Patriot King.
Henry Fielding's picaresque comic novel The History of Tom Jones, a Foundling is published on 28 February.
Sarah Fielding's novel The Governess, or The Little Female Academy, generally seen as the first school story.
Births
24 January – Charles James Fox, politician (died 1806)
29 January – William Sharp, engraver (died 1824)
17 May – Edward Jenner, physician (died 1823)
Deaths
18 June – Ambrose Philips, poet (born 1675)
3 July – William Jones, mathematician (born 1675)
14 September – Richard Temple, 1st Viscount Cobham, soldier and politician (born 1675)
References
Years in Great Britain
Vicente David Bernabeu Armengol (born 9 January 1975 in Valencia) is a former Spanish professional road bicycle racer.
Palmarès
2002
Tour du Finistère
1st, Overall, Troféu Joaquim Agostinho
1st, Stage 3
2004
1st, Overall, Volta a Portugal
1st, Overall, Troféu Joaquim Agostinho
8th Overall Tour de Pologne
2006
1st, Overall, Vuelta a Mallorca
1st, Trofeo Pollença
External links
Spanish male cyclists
1975 births
Living people
People from Ribera Alta (comarca)
Sportspeople from the Province of Valencia
Volta a Portugal winners
Cyclists from the Valencian Community
Boum sur Paris, is a French comedy film from 1953, directed by Maurice de Canonge.
Plot
In the early 1950s, the popular radio program "La Kermesse aux Étoiles", hosted by the famous Jean Nohain, mixing lottery games and performances of various artists will be disturbed by the adventures of a man and their bride seeking to retrieve a dangerous perfume bottle (explosive) which was inadvertently mixed with prizes ...
Cast
Jacques Pills as Gilbert Sestrières
Danielle Godet as Hélène
Armand Bernard as Calchas
Luce Feyrer as Lola Robert
Gary Cooper as themselves
Annie Cordy as themselves
Édith Piaf as themselves
Juliette Gréco as themselves
Line Renaud as themselves
Gilbert Bécaud as themselves
Charles Trenet as themselves
Charles Boyer as themselves
Martine Carol as themselves
Andréa Parisy as themselves
Gisèle Pascal as themselves
Gregory Peck as themselves
Lucienne Delyle as themselves
Paul Demange as themselves
Marcel Mouloudji as themselves
References
External links
1953 films
French comedy films
1950s French-language films
French black-and-white films
Films directed by Maurice de Canonge
1953 comedy films
1950s French films
Eldred Jewell (December 15, 1892 – December 20, 1960) was an American-born Canadian professional ice hockey player. They played with the Vancouver Millionaires of the Pacific Coast Hockey Association.
References
1885 births
1941 deaths
Canadian ice hockey right wingers
Ice hockey people from British Columbia
People from Rossland, British Columbia
Vancouver Millionaires players
Zhangxin (张新) may refer to:
Zhangxin, Anhui, a town in Linquan County, Anhui, China
Zhangxin Subdistrict, a subdistrict in Hengshan District, Jixi, Heilongjiang, China
See also
Zhang Xin (disambiguation) for people
Milton Russell Graham (born July 28, 1934) was an American and Canadian football player who played for the Ottawa Rough Riders. They won the Grey Cup with Ottawa in 1960. Graham played college football at Colgate University and was drafted in the 1956 NFL draft by the Chicago Bears (Round 14, #167). They also played basketball at Colgate, after which they were also drafted in the 13th round of the 1956 NBA draft by the Syracuse Nationals (now Philadelphia 76ers), but focused on football instead. They later played in American Football League for the Boston Patriots.
References
1934 births
Ottawa Rough Riders players
Living people
Colgate Raiders football players
Boston Patriots players
People from Chatham, Massachusetts
Sportspeople from Barnstable County, Massachusetts
Players of American football from Massachusetts
American Football League players
Colgate Raiders men's basketball players
Syracuse Nationals draft picks
American men's basketball players
Uno von Troil (24 February 1746 in Stockholm – 1803) was the Church of Sweden Archbishop of Uppsala 1786–1803.
Biography
They were the son of Samuel Troilius, who had also been archbishop. They were known for great wit at a young age. After studies and travels abroad to the Netherlands, Göttingen, and Iceland (accompanied by James Lind, Joseph Banks, Daniel Solander and others), they returned home and was ordained priest in 1773. In 1775 they were appointed court chaplain. They married in 1776. In 1778 they became vicar of Storkyrkan church in Stockholm. In 1780 they were consecrated bishop of Linköping.
They were appointed as archbishop in 1786, at the age of 40. As such, they were also the Speaker of the Clergy in the Riksdag of the Estates until their death. They were also a member of several scientific societies, and was a benefactor of such throughout their life. They were president of Pro Fide et Christianismo, a Christian education society.
See also
List of Archbishops of Uppsala
References
Other sources
Svenskt biografiskt handlexikon, article Uno von Troil In Swedish
External links
Troil, Uno von (1777) Bref rörande en resa til Island – digital facsimile from Linda Hall Library
1746 births
1803 deaths
People from Stockholm
Lutheran archbishops of Uppsala
Lutheran bishops of Linköping
18th-century Lutheran archbishops
19th-century Lutheran archbishops
Burials at Uppsala old cemetery
Members of the Riksdag of the Estates
WTKD may refer to:
WTKD (FM), a radio station (106.5 FM) licensed to serve Greenville, Ohio, United States
WABF (AM), a radio station (1480 AM) licensed to serve Mobile, Alabama, United States, which held the call sign WTKD from 2012 to 2014
Helladius may refer to:
Alexander Helladius (1686–?), Greek scholar and humanist
Helladius (4th century hieromartyr)
Helladius of Kiev, Ukrainian monk and saint
Helladius of Auxerre (died 387), Christian bishop and saint
Helladius of Caesarea, Christian bishop, named by an edict of Theodosius I (30 July 381) to an episcopal see
Helladius (grammarian), grammarian, professor, and a priest of Zeus
Helladius of Ptolemais, Christian bishop, present at the First Council of Ephesus (431)
Helladius of Tarsus, Christian bishop, condemned at the First Council of Ephesus (431)
Helladius of Toledo (died 633), Christian bishop and saint
Helladius and Theophilus, two Christian martyrs in Libya, feast day 8 January
Helladius, Crescentius, Paul and Dioscorides, Christian martyrs, feast day 28 May
Aerial telegraphy may refer to:
Wigwag (flag signals), signalling by hand with a single flag
Optical telegraphy, chains of fixed telegraph stations using shutters or semaphore arms
Wireless telegraphy in general, or from an aircraft in particular
The San Juan Capistrano Stakes is a Grade III American thoroughbred horse race for horses age three and older over a distance of about miles run on the turf track held at Santa Anita Park in Arcadia, California in June. The event currently offers a purse of $100,000. It is one of the longest Graded grass race in America.
History
The event was inaugurated on 9 March 1935, when Head Play defeated Top Row and Ladysman on a muddy track by 2 lengths in a time of 1:51 before a crowd of 45,000 on the closing day of Santa Anita meeting. In 1937 an even greater crowd came to witness Seabiscuit set a new track record for the miles winning by 7 lengths. The event in 1940 only it was limited to three-year-olds and for three-year-olds and older in all other years prior to 1968.
From its inception through 1953, the race was contested on dirt, then in 1954 it was converted to a turf event.
The San Juan Capistrano is run around four turns, and begins at the top of Santa Anita's downhill chute, normally used for -furlong sprint races. From the start point, horses begin their descent down the hill. Within the first two furlongs of the race, horses turn right – one of only two locations in North American horse racing that a right turn is used (the other is at Kentucky Downs). After a brief straight run, there is a gentle turn to the left until the horses cross the dirt course and enter the main turf oval. Horses then run one full lap of the turf course to complete the distance. In 2016 the Santa Anita's downhill chute was under repair, and the race was run on the flat turf oval, at miles.
In 1964, the San Juan Capistrano Handicap was run in two divisions.
In 1965 the became an invitational event and was named the San Juan Capistrano Invitational Handicap.
With the increasing emphasis on speed horses bred to compete in the Kentucky Derby and Breeders' Cup Classic distance of miles on dirt, during the last two decades longer races run on grass or dirt in North America have been in decline. Once a Grade I event, the about miles San Juan Capistrano Invitational Handicap now holds a Grade III classification. Since 2007, the winner of the San Juan Capistrano has received ballot-free entry into Australia's greatest horse race and the staying championship of the world, the Melbourne Cup. Since 2008, no San Juan Capistrano winner has made the trip to Flemington for the Melbourne Cup.
The event was downgraded to a Grade II in 2004 and to a Grade III race in 2015.
The event for many runnings was held on the closing day of the Santa Anita spring meeting, which was in April. However, with the takeover of events from the close of Hollywood Park Racetrack in 2013, the event has been held in June, with three-year-olds allowed to enter.
At age eight, Niarkos (1968) and Mashkour (1991) are the oldest horses to win the event.
Two mares have won the event, La Zanzara (1975) and the Champion Argentine mare Miss Grillo (1949).
The event had showcased many a champion and notable runnings. In 1950 the Irish-bred champion Noor defeated the 1948 Triple Crown champion Citation by a neck before a crowd of about 60,000.
The March 12, 1966, edition of the San Juan Capistrano Invitational Handicap was seen by 60,792 fans, the largest crowd of the season, who turned out to say farewell to retiring U.S. Racing Hall of Fame jockey Johnny Longden. Without ever using the whip as they always did, Longden guided Canadian bred George Royal from fifteen lengths back in last place to a photo-finish win.
Records
Speed record:
2:42.96 – Bienamado (2001)
Margins:
7 lengths – Fly Till Dawn (1992)
7 lengths – Lehmi Gold (1982)
7 lengths – Seabiscuit (1937)
Most wins:
2 – Mioland (1940, 1941)
2 – Intent (1952, 1953)
2 – George Royal (1965, 1966)
2 – Niarkos (1967, 1968)
2 – T. H. Approval (2005, 2006)
2 – Bourbon Bay (2010, 2012)
Most wins by a jockey:
5 – Johnny Longden (1950, 1951, 1955, 1965, 1966)
5 – Bill Shoemaker (1961, 1962, 1970, 1971, 1978)
Most wins by a trainer:
14 – Charles Whittingham (1957, 1959, 1970, 1971, 1972, 1975, 1978, 1981, 1983, 1984, 1985, 1986, 1987, 1989)
Most wins by an owner:
4 – Charles S. Howard (1937, 1940, 1941, 1950)
Winners
Notes:
§ Ran as part of an entry
‡ Run 259 feet short of miles 1997–2001
See also
List of American and Canadian Graded races
Other North American Marathon races
On dirt:
Gallant Man Handicap
Brooklyn Handicap
Fort Harrod Stakes
Tokyo City Cup
Valedictory Stakes
On turf:
Canadian International Stakes
Carleton F. Burke Handicap
External links
The 2008 San Juan Capistrano Invitational Handicap at the NTRA
References
Horse races in California
Santa Anita Park
Graded stakes races in the United States
Open long distance horse races
Turf races in the United States
Recurring sporting events established in 1935
Grade 3 stakes races in the United States
1935 establishments in California
Apiocephalus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae, containing the following species:
Apiocephalus licheneus Gahan, 1906
Apiocephalus punctipennis Gahan, 1898
References
Lepturinae
The Eastbourne rail crash was an accident on the British railway system which occurred on 25 August 1958 at Eastbourne railway station in East Sussex. The accident killed five people and injured 41 others. Eastbourne station is a terminus station with services to , , London Victoria. At the time of the accident, there was a further service to via the Cuckoo Line. It was then common for services from Hastings to Brighton to enter Eastbourne and reverse to carry on its journey. Trains between Ashford International and Brighton and between London Victoria and Ore still do this today, with some calling at twice.
The accident
On Monday, 25 August 1958, at 7:27 a.m., the 7:45 p.m. sleeper-car steam train originating from Glasgow "ran past the home signal at Eastbourne at danger." A second train, the 6:47 a.m. multiple-unit, 12-coach, electric passenger train from Ore to London Bridge station, was at the number 4 platform at the Eastbourne station awaiting departure. The first train was carrying 36 passengers and the second 150 passengers. After passing the home signal, the steam train struck the EMU travelling at a speed of about 25 m.p.h.
The 06:47 to service was about to depart Platform 4. Although scheduled to depart Eastbourne at 07:25, it was running four minutes late. The train had only started to leave when the 19:45 Glasgow to Eastbourne car sleeper service collided head on at about . The sleeper train had been running twelve minutes late on leaving Mitre Bridge Junction, London, where the locomotives are changed and had arrived at six minutes late. It left Polegate on time and on approaching Eastbourne was signal checked. Driver Alfred Wembridge failed to see the home signal was set at 'danger' and drove straight through the points, into the path of the oncoming London Bridge service.
Details
Composition of trains:
The 06:47 train from Ore to London Bridge was made of 12 coaches from two electric multiple units, formed by a 6PUL unit 3014 and a 6PAN unit 3032.
The 19:47 Glasgow to Eastbourne car sleeper consisted of 16 vehicles, two coaches, three sleeping cars, ten vans for luggage and motor cars and a guards van at the rear and was hauled by a Standard Class 5 4-6-0 tender engine, No. 73042.
The official accident report stated that the front carriage of the London Bridge train telescoped onto the second coach, forcing both vehicles into the air and onto their sides. The leading coach struck a heavy signal gantry, causing it to collapse, landing away from the coaches. The underframe of the third coach was slightly bent. The steam locomotive derailed and the front end and smokebox were damaged but the leading coach was buffer locked with the tender, although some vans towards the rear of the sleeper train did suffer some damage by derailing and bent buffers.
The only fatalities occurred in the London Bridge train. The motorman and three passengers were killed at the scene; the fourth passenger died later in hospital. A total of 40 people sustained injuries in the incident.
The enquiry noted that there was heavy rain in the area leading up to the accident although at the time of the incident this was reduced to a light drizzle as reported by many members of staff.
Driver Wembridge was acquitted of manslaughter at Sussex Assizes in December 1958.
References
External links
Official accident report
Pathe newsreel
Eastbourne Today 50th anniversary
Railway accidents in 1958
Railway accidents and incidents in Sussex
History of Eastbourne
Rail transport in East Sussex
20th century in Sussex
Railway accidents involving a signal passed at danger
Derailments in England
Accidents and incidents involving British Rail
1958 disasters in the United Kingdom
August 1958 events in the United Kingdom
Rail accidents caused by a driver's error
Delaware County is a county in the east central portion of the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, the population was 111,903. The county seat is Muncie.
Delaware County is part of the Muncie, IN metropolitan statistical area, which is part of the larger Indianapolis-Carmel-Muncie CSA.
History
Delaware County was authorized in Jan. 1820 on New Purchase lands south of the Wabash River gained with the 1818 Treaty of St. Mary's. It encompassed the drainage basin of the White River, along which the Delaware, a Native American people had settled, and from which the County takes its name. The Delaware people were moved to lands west of the Mississippi River in the 1840s. The county was once home to Tenskwatawa ("The Prophet"), a brother of Tecumseh who instigated a major Indian uprising in 1811 culminating in the Battle of Tippecanoe. David Conner, a trader, was the first white settler, arriving in the early 1810s. After formation, numerous counties were carved from the original, and a remnant retaining the original name was organized in 1827.
Following the American Civil War the county experienced an economic boom caused by the discovery of natural gas, which spurred rapid industrial growth in the surrounding area.
The first discovery of natural gas in Indiana occurred in 1876 near Eaton. A company was drilling in search of coal, and when they had reaching a depth of six-hundred feet, there was a loud noise and foul-smelling fumes came from the well. After a brief investigation, it was decided they had breached the ceiling of Hell, and the hole was quickly filled in. In 1884, when natural gas was discovered in nearby Ohio, people recalled the incident. They returned to the spot and opened Indiana's first natural gas well. The gas was so abundant and strong that when the well was lit, the flames could be seen from Muncie.
Geography
Delaware County consists of low rolling prairie, accented by waterways. The Mississinewa River flows westward through the northern part of the county while the White River runs westward through the central part of the county, through Muncie. A large reservoir, Prairie Creek Reservoir, SE of Muncie is managed by the city. The soil is fertile. The county's high point is a hilly area in its SE corner, 4 miles (6 km) ESE from Prairie Creek Reservoir.
According to the 2010 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 99.04%) is land and (or 0.95%) is water.
Major highways
Interstate 69
U.S. Route 35
State Road 3
State Road 28
State Road 32
State Road 67
State Road 167
State Road 332
Adjacent counties
Blackford County - north
Jay County - northeast
Randolph County - east
Henry County - south
Madison County - west
Grant County - northwest
Cities and towns
Albany - town
Chesterfield - town
Daleville - town
Eaton - town
Gaston - town
Muncie - city
Selma - town
Yorktown - town
Unincorporated communities
Anthony
Bethel
Cammack
Cowan
Cross Roads
DeSoto
Gates Corner
Granville
Janney
Medford
Middletown Park
Mt Pleasant
New Burlington
Oakville
Progress
Reed Station
Royerton
Smithfield
Stockport
West Muncie
Wheeling
Townships
Center
Delaware
Hamilton
Harrison
Liberty
Monroe
Mount Pleasant
Niles
Perry
Salem
Union
Washington
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in Muncie have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1994 and a record high of was recorded in June 1988. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in January to in June.
Government
The county government is a constitutional body, granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana and the Indiana Code.
County Council: The legislative branch of the county government; controls spending and revenue collection in the county. There are seven members of the county council. Three are elected county-wide and four are elected from county districts. The county-wide members are elected in presidential election years (2016, 2020, etc.) and the districted members are elected in midterm election years (2018, 2022, etc.). The current members are:
District 1: Ryan Ballard (R)
District 2: Ron Quakenbush (R)
District 3: Mary Chambers (D)
District 4: Jane Lasater (R)
At-Large: Scott Alexander (R)
At-Large: Jessica Piper (R)
At-large: Ryan Webb (R)
The council members serve four-year terms. They are responsible for setting salaries, the annual budget, and special spending. The council also has limited authority to impose local taxes, in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval, excise taxes, and service taxes.
Board of Commissioners: The executive body of the county. Each commissioner represents a district (in which they must reside). The commissioners are elected county-wide to staggered four-year terms. The current commissioners are:
District 1: James King (R)
District 2: Sherry Riggin (R)
District 3: Shannon Henry (R)
One commissioner serve as president. The commissioners are charged with executing the acts legislated by the council, collecting revenue, and managing the day-to-day functions of the county government.
Court: The county maintains five circuit courts, each with its own judge. The judges are elected in staggered six-year terms on a county-wide, partisan ballot. The current judges are:
Circuit Court 1: Marianne Vorhees (D)
Circuit Court 2: Kimberly Dowling (D)
Circuit Court 3: Linda Ralu Wolf (D)
Circuit Court 4: John Feick (R)
Circuit Court 5: Thomas Cannon Jr. (D)
In some cases, court decisions can be appealed to the state level court of appeals.
County Officials: The county has several other elected offices, including sheriff, coroner, auditor, treasurer, recorder, surveyor, prosecutor, assessor, and circuit court clerk:
Sheriff: Tony Skinner (R)
Coroner: Rick Howell (R)
Auditor: Steve Craycraft (D)
Treasurer: Ed Carroll (R)
Recorder: Melanie Marshall (R)
Surveyor: Tom Borchers (R)
Prosecutor: Eric Hoffman (D)
Assessor: James Carmichael (R)
Clerk: Rick Spangler (R)
Each serves a four-year term. Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and to be residents of the county.
Delaware County is part of Indiana's 6th congressional district; Indiana Senate districts 25 and 26; and Indiana House of Representatives districts 31, 32, 33, 34 and 35.
Demographics
2020 Census
As of the 2020 United States Census, there were 111,903 people and 46,026 households in the county. The population density was . There were 52,713 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 88.7% white, 7.2% African American, 0.3% American Indian or Alaska Native, 1.3% Asian, 0.1% Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander, 2.6% Hispanic or Latino and 2.4% were from two or more races.
4.8% of the population were age 5 or younger, 18.2% were under the age of 18, 64.3% were between the ages of 18 and 64, and 17.5% were age 65 or older. 48.2% were male and 51.8% were female. The average household size was 2.34. 3.4% of households had a language other than English spoken at home.
88.1% of households had a computer present and 78.3% had a broadband Internet connection. 13.1% of the population under 65 had a disability and 10.3% of that same age group had no health insurance. 58.5% of the population was in the civilian labor force. (54.8% of females) Total retail sales per capita was $12,950.
The median household income in Delaware County was $43,512 and the per capita income from May 2019 to April 2020 was $25,107. 21.5% of the population was in poverty.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 117,671 people, 46,516 households, and 27,956 families in the county. The population density was . There were 52,357 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 89.1% white, 6.9% black or African American, 1.0% Asian, 0.3% American Indian, 0.1% Pacific islander, 0.6% from other races, and 2.1% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.8% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 23.0% were German, 14.2% were Irish, 10.6% were American, and 10.3% were English.
Of the 46,516 households, 27.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.4% were married couples living together, 12.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 39.9% were non-families, and 29.6% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.87. The median age was 34.8 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,697 and the median income for a family was $51,394. Males had a median income of $42,346 versus $31,051 for females. The per capita income for the county was $20,405. About 12.3% of families and 20.2% of the population were below the poverty line, including 22.1% of those under age 18 and 6.6% of those age 65 or over.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Delaware County, Indiana
Notes
References
External links
Delaware County, Indiana Geographic Information System
Delaware County Weather
Muncie Free Press - Delaware County News and Information
Downtown Muncie
ScanMuncie - Online Community Forums & Online Public Safety Radio Scanners
Ball State University - External link
Ball State University Libraries - External link
Indiana counties
1827 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1827
Gian Carlo Fusco (1 July 1915 – 17 September 1984), sometimes spelled Giancarlo Fusco, was an Italian writer, journalist, screenwriter and occasional actor.
Biography
Born in La Spezia, Fusco spent their childhood in a college in Lucca, and in 1935 they made their writing debut with the novel Biancherie, but the book was blocked by the Fascist censorship because considered defeatist. In 1949 they started their journalistic career working for the magazine Il Mondo, and in 1950 they began collaborating with L'Europeo; they then collaborated with a large number of publications, including L'espresso, II Giorno, Il Giornale d'Italia, ABC and Cronache.
As a writer, Fusco is best known for the semi-autobiographical novel Le rose del ventennio, an ironical recount of the Fascist era. They were also active in the film industry as a screenwriter and an actor.
Books
Le rose del ventennio (1959).
La lunga marcia. Italianski, brava gente (1961).
Guerra d'Albania (1961).
Gli indesiderabili (1962).
Quando l'Italia tollerava (1965).
I mille e una notte. Storia erotica del Risorgimento (1974).
Duri a Marsiglia: ambienti e protagonisti della malavita romantica degli anni Trenta (1974).
Il gusto di vivere (1985).
Selected filmography
Further reading
References
External links
1915 births
1984 deaths
People from La Spezia
Italian male novelists
20th-century Italian male writers
Italian male journalists
20th-century Italian screenwriters
Italian male screenwriters
Italian male film actors
20th-century Italian journalists
is a public junior college in Kurashiki, Okayama, Japan, established in 1974. The predecessor of the school was founded in 1968.
External links
Official website
Japanese junior colleges
Educational institutions established in 1968
Public universities in Japan
Universities and colleges in Okayama Prefecture
Matti Kurikka (January 24, 1863 Maloye Karlino, Tsarskoselsky Uyezd, Saint Petersburg Governorate, historical Ingria – October 4, 1915 Westerly, Rhode Island, United States) was a Finnish journalist, theosophist, and utopian socialist.
Kurikka was the editor of the newspaper Työmies from 1897 to 1899. In 1908 Kurikka purchased the newspaper Wiipurin Sanomat. As editor of Wiipurin Sanomat, Kurikka was initially influenced by the Young Finns' political movement, later moving towards Christian socialism. Kurikka moved to North America in 1900 and founded the newspaper Aika, the first Finnish-Canadian newspaper.
In 1901 Kurikka helped establish Sointula, a utopian island colony on Malcolm Island, British Columbia, based on cooperative principles. Sointula dissolved as a utopian colony in 1905 after financial difficulties and a devastating fire, but continued as a fishing and logging-based community. Kurikka had attempted to found utopian communities in Chillagoe, Queensland, Australia, and in Canada prior to Sointula.
Kurikka died in Westerly, Rhode Island in 1915. Shortly before their own death, Matti Kurikka delivered the eulogy at Johan Kock's funeral.
References
External links
Biography at the Dictionary of Canadian Biography Online
Harmony Island: A Finnish Utopian Venture in British Columbia
1863 births
1915 deaths
People from Lomonosovsky District, Leningrad Oblast
People from Tsarskoselsky Uyezd
Finnish Christian socialists
Utopian socialists
Finnish Theosophists
Finnish emigrants to the United States (1809–1917)
Finnish emigrants to Canada
Finnish emigrants to Australia
Canadian Theosophists
Canadian Christian socialists
Atomtronics is the emerging quantum technology of matter-wave circuits which coherently guide propagating ultra-cold atoms. The systems typically include components analogous to those found in electronic or optical systems, such as beam splitters and transistors. Applications range from studies of fundamental physics to the development of practical devices.
Etymology
Atomtronics is a portmanteau of "atom" and "electronics", in reference to the creation of atomic analogues of electronic components, such as transistors and diodes, and also electronic materials such as semiconductors. The field itself has considerable overlap with atom optics and quantum simulation, and is not strictly limited to the development of electronic-like components.
Methodology
Three major elements are required for an atomtronic circuit. The first is a Bose-Einstein condensate, which is needed for its coherent and superfluid properties, although an ultracold Fermi gas may also be used for certain applications. The second is a tailored trapping potential, which can be generated optically, magnetically, or using a combination of both. The final element is a method to induce the movement of atoms within the potential, which can be achieved in several ways. For example, a transistor-like atomtronic circuit may be realized by a ring-shaped trap divided into two by two moveable weak barriers, with the two separate parts of the ring acting as the drain and the source and the barriers acting as the gate. As the barriers move, atoms flow from the source to the drain. It is now possible to coherently guide matterwaves over distances of up to 40 cm in ring-shaped atomtronic matterwave guides.
Applications
The field of atomtronics is still very young. Any schemes realized thus far are proof-of-principle. Applications include:
gravimetry
rotational sensing via the Sagnac effect
quantum computing
Obstacles to the development of practical sensing devices are largely due to the technical challenges of creating Bose-Einstein condensates. They require bulky lab-based setups not easily suitable for transportation. However, creating portable experimental setups is an active area of research.
References
External links
Electronics
Emerging technologies
Crabtree is a municipality in the Lanaudière region of Quebec, Canada, part of the Joliette Regional County Municipality. It is located along the Ouareau River, a right tributary of the L'Assomption River.
The most interesting local attraction is the Trou de Fée (lit. "Fairy Hole"), a cave on the west bank of the Ouareau River.
History
The area began to be populated at the end of the 18th century. In 1845, the first saw mills were built along the Ouareau River, but didn't survive for long as they were washed away by spring floods.
The real impetus for the town's development came in 1905 when Edwin Crabtree bought land in what would become the centre of the municipality to build a paper mill. They founded the Edwin Crabtree and Sons Ltd. and built the mill also along the Ouareau River to take advantage of its hydraulic power. A year later, the post office opened under the name "Crabtree Mills".
In 1912, the mill was destroyed by fire, but was rebuilt within a year. Gradually a small village grew near the mill, including the so-called "English Street" (la rue des Anglais) with its residences for the managers, boarding house, the entertainment hall "Beaver S Club", tennis court and park. A dam on the Ouareau River was built in 1917-18. Edwin Crabtree and Sons Ltd. joined the Howard Smith Paper Mills group (subsequently bought by Domtar), and the plant was modernized. Today Kruger Products operates the mill.
In 1921, the Parish of Sacré-Cœur-de-Jésus was formed, and on December 27 of that year, it was also civilly incorporated as the Parish Municipality of Sacré-Cœur-de-Jésus. Kay Crabtree was the first mayor. On July 1, 1922, the School Commission of the Parish of Sacré-Cœur-de-Jésus-de-Crabtree was established. On March 9, 1930, the mill workers formed the Syndicat National des Travailleurs de la Pulpe et du Papier ("National Union of Pulp and Paper Workers"), one of the oldest unions affiliated with the paper and forestry sector of the Confederation of National Labour Unions.
For a long time the place was also identified with the extended name Sacré-Cœur-de-Jésus-de-Crabtree-Mills. In 1945, the village itself separated from the parish municipality and was incorporated as the Municipality of Crabtree. In 1991, Sacré-Cœur-de-Jésus was renamed to Sacré-Cœur-de-Crabtree to avoid confusion with a municipality in the Beauce by the same name. On October 23, 1996, both places were merged into the new Municipality of Crabtree.
Demographics
Population trend:
Population in 2021: 4155 (2016 to 2021 population change: 5%)
Population in 2016: 3958
Population in 2011: 3887
Population in 2006: 3441
Population in 2001: 3330
Population in 1996:
Crabtree: 2339
Sacré-Coeur-de-Crabtree: 1160
Population in 1991:
Crabtree: 2157
Sacré-Coeur-de-Crabtree: 1143
Private dwellings occupied by usual residents: 1757 (total dwellings: 1826)
Mother tongue:
English as first language: 1.5%
French as first language: 97.7%
English and French as first language: 0.5%
Other as first language: 0.3%
Education
Commission scolaire des Samares operates francophone public schools, including:
École Sacré-Coeur-de-Jésus
The Sir Wilfrid Laurier School Board operates anglophone public schools, including:
Joliette Elementary School in Saint-Charles-Borromée
Joliette High School in Joliette
See also
List of municipalities in Quebec
References
Incorporated places in Lanaudière
Municipalities in Quebec
1996 establishments in Quebec
Larbi Lazhari (born 3 July 1941 in Algiers) represented Algeria in the gymnastic events at the 1968 Summer Olympic Games.
See also
Algeria at the 1968 Summer Olympics
References
External links
Gymnasts at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Olympic gymnasts of Algeria
Algerian male artistic gymnasts
1941 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Algiers
21st-century Algerian people
Martín Ansa Ortiz (born 27 September 1941) is a Puerto Rican basketball player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1964 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1941 births
Living people
Puerto Rican men's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Puerto Rico
Basketball players at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Jaroslav Šedivec (born 16 February 1981) is a Czech footballer who plays for Portomansuè in Promozione.
Career
Born in Plzeň, in the modern border of the Czech Republic, Šedivec started their professional career in the local side of Plzeň. They arrived Italy in 2002 and played for several Serie B clubs. in 2007 they were signed by Triestina in co-ownership deal for €700,000 in 3-year contract. In June 2008 the club signed them outright for another €100,000.
They were the member of the Czech Republic U20 team at 2001 FIFA World Youth Championship.
References
External links
Tuttocalciatori.net
Gazzetta.it
1981 births
Living people
Czech footballers
Czech Republic youth international footballers
Czech Republic under-21 international footballers
Czech expatriate footballers
Czech First League players
Serie B players
Serie C players
FC Viktoria Plzeň players
Catania S.S.D. players
A.C. Perugia Calcio players
F.C. Crotone players
U.S. Triestina Calcio 1918 players
Mantova 1911 players
U.S. Salernitana 1919 players
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Association football forwards
Sportspeople from Plzeň
Pol. Maccarese Giada players
Ankang Wa Ethnic Township () is an ethnic township in Lancang Lahu Autonomous County, Yunnan, China. As of the 2017 census it had a population of 12,772 and an area of .
Administrative division
As of 2016, the township is divided into five villages:
Shangzhai ()
Ankang ()
Nanshan ()
Nuobo ()
Xiaobanba ()
Geography
Ankang Wa Ethnic Township is situated at northwestern Lancang Lahu Autonomous County. The township is bordered to the northwest by Cangyuan Va Autonomous County, to the east and southeast by Shangyun Town, to the south by Mujia Township, and to the west by Xuelin Wa Ethnic Township.
The highest point in the township is Little Xinzhai Liangzi (), which, at above sea level.
Economy
The township's economy is based on nearby mineral resources and agricultural resources. Commercial crops include tea, sugarcane, and walnut. The region abounds with iron, lead, and tin.
Transportation
The National Highway G214 passes across the township north to south.
References
Bibliography
Townships of Pu'er City
Divisions of Lancang Lahu Autonomous County
Charles Neville Douglas Dixey (7 November 1881 – 6 March 1947), known as Neville Dixey, was a British Liberal Party politician who was Chairman of Lloyd's of London three times, as an underwriter they specialised in the marine insurance market.
Background
They were the eldest son of Charles Douglas Dixey. They were educated privately. They married, in 1913, Marguerite Isabel Groser. They had three sons. One son Paul, was also Chairman of Lloyds in the 1970s.
Professional career
They were an underwriting member of Lloyd's. In 1928 they became an elected Member of Committee of Lloyd's. They were Chairman of Lloyds in 1931, 1934 and 1936. In 1936 while Chairman of Lloyd's they were involved in discussions with the Chancellor of the Exchequer regarding budget leaks to members of the stock exchange which resulted in J.H.Thomas, the Secretary of State for the Colonies being forced to resign.
Political career
Dixey served as a Justice of the peace in Hertfordshire.
They were a Liberal candidate for the Acton Division of Middlesex at the 1922 General Election. Acton had been a new seat in 1918 that had been won by a Unionist. It was in a part of Middlesex that had always returned Unionists. The Liberals had not even run a candidate in 1918 and unsurprisingly they finished in third place. They were next Liberal candidate for the Southampton Division at the 1923 General Election. Southampton was a two-member constituency that the Liberals had lost to the Unionists in 1922. At the 1923 elections, they and their running mate finished behind the Unionist and Labour candidates.
They were then Liberal candidate for the Holderness Division of Yorkshire at the 1924 General Election. This was a Unionist seat that had last been won by a Liberal in 1922 and had only been narrowly lost in 1923. They may have entertained hopes of winning but the 1924 elections were not good for the Liberals;
In November 1924 they were immediately re-selected as prospective Liberal parliamentary candidate for Holderness. They spent the next 5 years nursing the constituency in preparation for another general election. With the Liberal party experiencing something of a revival they will have had genuine hopes of winning. However, in 1929, the Labour party, who had not run a candidate in Holderness before, decided to intervene and took away enough votes from Dixey to allow the Unionist to hang on;
They did not stand for parliament again. Their wife Marguerite remained active in the Liberal party throughout the 1930s and into the 1940s as Honorary Secretary of the Women's Liberal Federation, and also serving on the Liberal party National Executive.
Family
Dixey's granddaughter, Judy Dixey, was elected a Liberal Democrat councillor in Camden, London, in May 2022.
References
1881 births
1947 deaths
Liberal Party (UK) parliamentary candidates
Insurance underwriters
The flame-crested tanager (Loriotus cristatus) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae. It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, French Guiana, Guyana, Peru, Suriname, and Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland. Ten subspecies are currently recognized.
Taxonomy
In 1760 the French zoologist Mathurin Jacques Brisson included a description of the flame-crested tanager in the supplement to their Ornithologie based on a specimen collected in Cayenne, French Guiana. They used the French name Le tangara noir hupé de Cayenne and the Latin name Tangara cayanensis nigra cristata. Although Brisson coined Latin names, these do not conform to the binomial system and are not recognised by the International Commission on Zoological Nomenclature. When in 1766 the Swedish naturalist Carl Linnaeus updated their Systema Naturae for the twelfth edition they added 240 species that had been previously described by Brisson in their Ornithologie. One of these was the flame-crested tanager. Linnaeus included a terse description, coined the binomial name Tanagra cristata and cited Brisson's work. The specific name cristata is Latin for "plumed" or "crested". There are ten subspecies.
Description
The flame-crested tanager grows to a length of about and a weight of around . The male has a black head, small orangeish-red bib and a moderate-sized orangish crest. The upper parts are slatey-black with a golden-buff rump, and the upper wing-coverts bear a large patch of white. The underparts are dark brownish-black. The female is similar in appearance to the white-winged shrike-tanager (Lanio versicolor) but is more brown above with buff-ochre rather than yellowish-ochre underparts.
Distribution and habitat
This species is native to lowland forest in the northern half of South America. There are two disjunct populations, the larger covering most of the Amazon Basin in Brazil, southern parts of Venezuela, Guyana, Suriname and French Guiana, and eastern parts of Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and Bolivia. The separate part of the range is occupied by the subspecies L. c. brunneus and covers a coastal strip of Brazil from Recife to Curitiba.
Status
L. cristatus is a fairly common species with a very wide range. The population has not been quantified but the trend seems steady, and the total population is presumed to be large. For these reasons, the International Union for Conservation of Nature has rated the conservation status of the bird as being of "least concern".
References
flame-crested tanager
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Guianas
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
flame-crested tanager
flame-crested tanager
Birds of Brazil
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
John Bell (June 19, 1796 – May 4, 1869) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio for two months in 1851, filling a vacancy created by their predecessor's death.
Life and career
Born in Pennsboro, Pennsylvania, Bell received a limited education. They moved to Ohio in 1810 with their parents, who settled in Greene County, near Xenia. They moved to Lower Sandusky in 1823 and served as mayor in 1830. They were the probate judge of Sandusky County for several terms.
Bell was commissioned a major general in the state militia in 1834 and commanded Ohio forces in the Toledo War the next year.
They served as postmaster of Lower Sandusky from November 14, 1838, to May 3, 1841. They served as member of the state house of representatives in 1844 and 1845. They served as mayor of Fremont, Ohio, in 1845 and 1846.
Bell was elected as a Whig to the Thirty-first Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Amos E. Wood (January 7, 1851 – March 4, 1851).
Death
They were a probate judge from 1852 to 1855 and again from 1858 to 1863. They died in Fremont, Ohio, on May 4, 1869 and was interred in Oakwood Cemetery (Fremont, Ohio).
Sources
1796 births
1869 deaths
People from Fremont, Ohio
American militia generals
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Mayors of places in Ohio
Ohio state court judges
Probate court judges in the United States
Whig Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American judges
Charles Gregory Swenson (born March 28, 1941) is an American animator, writer, storyboard artist, sound designer, producer and director who worked with animated film for many years. In 1978 they joined Fred Wolf Films, working on Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.  They are also the creator of Cartoon Network's Mike, Lu & Og in which they also wrote the scripts for several episodes as well serving as executive producer and voice director. They left the entertainment industry in the early 2000s to become a painter.
Filmography
Feature films
Shorts
TV series
Video games
External links
Charles G. Swenson official site
Living people
American animated film directors
American animated film producers
Film producers from California
Television producers from California
American television writers
American male screenwriters
American storyboard artists
American animators
American male television writers
American voice directors
20th-century American painters
Sound designers
Writers from Los Angeles
1941 births
Film directors from Los Angeles
Screenwriters from California
21st-century American painters
Donald Sumpter (born 13 February 1943) is an English actor who has appeared in film and television since the mid-1960s.
Career
One of their early television appearances was the 1968 Doctor Who is a serial The Wheel in Space with Patrick Troughton as the Doctor. They appeared in Doctor Who again in the 1972 serial The Sea Devils with Jon Pertwee. They also appeared in the Doctor Who is a spin-off The Sarah Jane Adventures. In 2015 they appear as the Time Lord President Rassilon in "Hell Bent".
Their early film work included a lead role as real life criminal Donald Neilson in the 1977 film The Black Panther.
They also appeared in many television films and serials, including adaptations of Dickens' novels: Nicholas Nickleby in 2001, Great Expectations in 1999 and Bleak House in 1985. Also in 1985, they were remembered for the part of villain Ronnie Day in Big Deal. They played the part of suspected serial killer Alexander Bonaparte Cust in the (1992) Agatha Christie's Poirot episode, The ABC Murders. They have also appeared in episodes of Midsomer Murders, The Bill, Holby City, Black Mirror, and A Touch of Frost and Endeavour. They also had a recurring role as Uncle Ginger in the Children's BBC series The Queen's Nose. They played Harold Chapple in Our Friends in the North, and portrayed the physicist Max Planck in Einstein and Eddington. They have also been seen as Kemp in the horror-drama series Being Human. In seasons 1 and 2, they portrayed Maester Luwin in the HBO series Game of Thrones.
Their film appearances include The Constant Gardener (2005), K-19: The Widowmaker (2002), Enigma (2001) and Ultramarines: The Movie (2010).
Filmography
Films
Television
References
External links
1943 births
English male film actors
English male television actors
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
21st-century British male actors
20th-century British male actors
English male stage actors
English male Shakespearean actors
Freej (; trademarked as FREEJ) is an Emirati CGI television series for children. The English tagline for the show is The Fun Old Girls.
The show was produced by Mohammed Saeed Harib, who also directed the fifteen standalone episodes of fifteen minutes each. It is the tale of four old Emirati women living in a secluded neighbourhood in modern-day Dubai. The show's main characters - Um Saeed, Um Saloom, Um Allawi and Um Khammas - try to live a peaceful life in the midst of the ever-expanding city around them, but the city's boom unveils new social issues every day that they would have to tackle in their own simple way. For those four old women, there is no issue too hard to crack with a good cup of coffee at Um Saeed's house.
The show's title is a reference to "freej", a term which means "neighbourhood" in Emirati Arabic. Freej, originally produced in Arabic, is available with English subtitles.
The show premiered on September 24, 2006, during Ramadan on Sama Dubai, and has returned with new episodes traditionally debuting every year during Ramadan.
History
FREEJ started off as a six-page study book in 1998, but did not materialise until 2003 when it was adopted by Dubai Media City. A small demo was created to test the concept and shortly after, it was given the official go ahead by the Mohammed bin Rashid Establishment for Young Business Leaders (SME), who took on the initial funding of the project. In September 2005, with around 3 million Dhs of funding provided by the SME , Lammtara Pictures was established to oversee the production and a team of almost 500 people were signed up to make this big dream a reality.
The series premiered on 24 September 2006 – the first day of Ramadan , and was broadcast across the GCC countries on 'Sama Dubai' (Dubai's Sky), one of Dubai's many TV channels, which broadcasts mainly local material. The series was an instant success and a major hit in the region with high viewership in the Gulf especially among UAE Nationals.
In 2007, Dubai One, an English Channel (which is also part of DMI) announced that Freej would still be Arabic in Dubai One but with English subtitles and put two episodes a week before TMZ.
In 2008, Season 2 DVDs were released in September at Toys R Us and other outlets.
In 2010, via a partnership deal with Turner Broadcasting System, Lammtara, the Dubai-based studio company behind Freejs production, had agreed to broadcast the show on the newly launched Cartoon Network Arabic channel, making Freej one of the first home-produced shows for that channel, along with the Jordanian series Ben & Izzy. Additionally, the main characters from Freej were used in a localised version of Skatoony at April 12, 2011.
Rights
The show is now officially associated with Dubai Media City, Awraq Publishing, Arab Radio Network, JBM and the Mohammed bin Rashid Establishment for Young Business Leaders (SME). The show also benefited from a pool of 100 volunteers from across all national universities, who worked on its research and development.
Development
Mohammed Saeed Harib began developing the concept while attending Northeastern University in Boston, Massachusetts. A professor asked their class to create superheroes originating from their culture. Harib selected the Emirati women of previous generations as the heroes, because they worked and taught in difficult climates and financial environments. While the men in their grandfathers' generation dove for pearls, their wives accomplished the other tasks. Harib added "On top of that they looked very unique, thanks to the mask they were wearing. Hence my first character was born."
All four voice actors are Harib's personal friends. They had no previous acting experience, and Harib believed that audiences would accept them since "they were your regular local person." They had held script readings with these friends, and Harib said they matched perfectly. Harib previously held a casting for 60 people, and they said that "none of them spoke to the woman that was in my head."
The production has about 500 employees, with Harib in charge. Harib created all of the main characters. They work with the actors and, with the scriptwriters, develops the scripts. They personally revise the draft scripts.
Freej does not discuss politics. Harib said that the show does not discuss current issues because they want something that lives, so must use themes which can withstand the passage of time." Harib has said their Dubaian nationality affects their choice of subjects but that the television stations do not force the production to avoid discussing certain subjects.
Characters
The show stars four main characters, all elderly women who wear battoulah, Bedouin face masks. The women's names refer to their eldest sons. "Um" means "mother of". Mohammed Saeed Harib created all of the main characters.
Um Saeed
Um Saeed (أم سعيد)
Eldest member of the group and the wisest
Loves reciting poetry and old traditional sayings
Has a short posture
Very sarcastic in nature
Addicted to coffee
Shortest member of the group
The group gathers at their house every day.
Majid Al Falasi (ماجد الفلاسي) is the voice actor.
This was Mohammed Saeed Harib's first character. "Saeed" was the name of their father, and "Um Saeed" is Harib's homage to their paternal grandmother.
Um Saloom
Um Saloom (أم سلوم)
The kindest member of the quartet.
Never leads and always tags along.
Abdullah Husain (عبدالله حسين) is the voice actor.
Um Allawi
Um Allawi (أم علاوي)
The tallest member of the group and the most educated.
Addicted to all kinds of gizmos and gadgets.
Has their own mobile and laptop.
A close follower of the stock market.
Since Um Allawi is of a Persian heritage, they do not have an exact Emirati accent. They speak multiple languages. Ashjan (أشجان) is the voice actor.
Um Khammas
Um Khammas (أم خمّاس)
The rebellious member of the group.
A three time widow.
Runs their own catering service and traditional music band.
Has a very dictating strong personality.
Salem Jassim (سالم جاسم) is the voice actor. Jassim says that they like Um Khammas because "she is the classic Bedouin character and reminds me of my grandmother."
Guest/Others
Khalid Herya (Arabic : خالد حرية) - National Figure known for being the best football supporter in the Middle East
Um Jameel
The Tribe Advisor
Zubaidah
Rahmah the Teacher
Bu Daryah
Um Al Duwais
Bu Khammas
Rafeeq
Dalouat Dubai
Um Um Khammas
Agha
Abood (عبود) (Season 2)
Abood is a mischievous little boy.  They are Um Saeed's grandchild.
Fatoom Eloom (Season 3)
Jameela (جميلة) (Season 3)
Jameela is obsessed with fashion.
Margaret
Seasons
Freej's seasons premier every Ramadan, and are sometimes re-aired later in the year. Season One aired in 2006 and Season Two aired in 2007. On September 1 (Ramadan 1), 2008 the third season aired its finale on September 12, 2008, and re-aired its episodes for the rest of Ramadan. The show then went on a hiatus, not releasing any new official episodes for the next four years, in spite of the characters appearing in other animated productions for promotional reasons.
As of 2013, the fifth season has been completed. The fourth season premiered on Cartoon Network Arabic starting November 4, 2012.
Mohammed Saeed Harib said, in relation to the first and second seasons, that "it was in my head, I was the only one who could express it." For subsequent seasons, they said "I have a very good team, they know the parameters. We say “Um Saloom would not say that” or “OK, this fits her”."
Trivia
The second season first episode was watched by 680,000 viewers, making it one of the most watched shows in Dubai.
The show was voted number one show of all Dubai.
In the second season, the writer Najla El Shihi wrote six episodes and Amna Al Mansoori wrote nine.
Controversy
In the episode called "Blagh El Kazeb", Um Khamas was going to die in ten days. Um Saeed councils Um Khamas and helps them straighten themselves out. Um Khamas then becomes strongly religious and is miraculously cured. In this episode Um Khamas says derogatory things about Islam, which provoked criticism from some viewers. In defence, Mohammed Saeed Hareb said that the episode reflects how Muslims can wander and become "bad" but that Um Saeed corrects Um Khamas and helps them straighten themselves out. This episode was not broadcast in the rerun of the season.
In an episode that was broadcast on 12 August 2011, Um Saeed had a heart attack while visiting patients at a hospital after being insulted by a friend. They "dies" at the end of the episode as the nurses and doctors run in to attempt to restart their heart. After the credits had finished, Um Saeed's heart miraculously began to beat again (She would later return in Season 5 Ep 1.)
Freej 2009: The Book Of Riddles and The Special
On Ramadan 2009 Freej aired a quiz show that was 2–3 minutes long. The prize was 500,000 AED. Freej was to get a special hour-long episode that would air on Eid, featuring a surprise guest.
Reception
The series has received critical acclaim.
The Economist said "the show has gained the region-wide, cross-generational popularity of an Arab "Simpsons" and "[t]his depiction of raucous and irreverent Arab matriarchs has proved to be a revelation."
Mohammed Saeed Harib said that Freej is popular because there were few quality productions in the Arab world, and because the residents of the Arab world had watched many imported shows and wanted local shows reflecting the Arab culture.
Harib said that their grandmother's generation "love it to bits", noting that they have seen the country evolve from some small village in a desert to a place with the tallest skyscraper in the world. They believe their interest is related to adapting to the new generation.
Writers
The following writers have contributed to this TV show:
Mohammed Saeed Harib (CEO)
Amna Al-Mansoori (Novel writer)
Najla Al-Shehhi (Wrote some episodes)
Legacy
The Flydubai safety video features characters from Freej.
References
Byrne, Michelle. "Profile of Mohammed Saeed Harib" - Granny-loving creator of the UAE's first animated series. TimeOut Dubai. 19 January 2006.
External links
- The official website for the animated series.
- The official website for the animated series.
Saffarini, Rima. "Students help bring cartoon to life." Campus notes. Al Nisr Publishing. - An article about supporting Freej from Zayed University.
Oman3d.com - An early Omani article regarding the anticipation of the series.
.
Alsaloom, Ali. "Freej: a Ramadan treat." The National. 31 August 2009.
Emirati animated television series
Emirati television sitcoms
2006 Emirati television series debuts
2000s Emirati television series
2010s Emirati television series
2000s animated television series
Dubai One original programming
London Belongs to Me (also known as Dulcimer Street) is a British film released in 1948, directed by Sidney Gilliat, and starring Richard Attenborough and Alastair Sim. It was based on the novel London Belongs to Me by Norman Collins, which was also the basis for a seven-part series made by Thames Television shown in 1977.
Plot
The film concerns the residents of a large terraced house in London between Christmas 1938 and September 1939. Among them are the landlady, Mrs Vizzard (played by Joyce Carey), who is a widow and a believer in spiritualism; Mr and Mrs Josser (Wylie Watson and Fay Compton), and their teenage daughter Doris (Susan Shaw); the eccentric spiritualist medium Mr Squales (Sim); the colourful Connie Coke (Ivy St. Helier), the young motor mechanic Percy Boon (Attenborough) and their mother (Gladys Henson).
Percy is in love with the Jossers' daughter and turns to crime to raise money to impress them with, but they bungle a car theft and finds themselves accused of murder. Mr Josser digs into their retirement fund to hire the boy a lawyer. Mr Squales testifies against Percy, but in the process exposes to their fiancée Mrs Vizzard the falsity of their claims to be able to contact the dead and to predict the future.
Percy is found guilty, but their neighbours rally to their defence. With the assistance of Mr Josser's staunchly socialist Uncle Henry (Stephen Murray), they gather thousands of signatures on a petition to win them a reprieve. At the end of the film, Percy's supporters march through the rain to the Houses of Parliament, only to discover just before their arrival that clemency has already been granted.
Cast
Richard Attenborough as Percy Boon
Alastair Sim as Mr Squales
Fay Compton as Mrs Josser
Stephen Murray as Uncle Henry Knockell
Wylie Watson as Mr Josser
Susan Shaw as Doris Josser
Joyce Carey as Mrs Kitty Vizzard
Ivy St. Helier as Connie Coke
Andrew Crawford as Bill
Hugh Griffith as Headlam Fynne
Eleanor Summerfield as Myrna Watson
Gladys Henson as Mrs Boon
Maurice Denham as Jack Rufus
Ivor Barnard as Mr Justice Plymme
Cecil Trouncer as Mr Henry Wassall
Arthur Howard as Mr Chinkwell
John Salew as Mr Barks
Cyril Chamberlain as Detective Sergeant Wilson
Aubrey Dexter as Mr Battlebury
Jack McNaughton as Jimmy
Henry Hewitt as Verriter
Fabia Drake as Mrs Jan Byl
Sydney Tafler as Nightclub Receptionist
Henry Edwards as Police Superintendent
George Cross as Inspector Cartwright
Edward Evans as Detective Sergeant Taylor
Russell Waters as Clerk of the Court
Kenneth Downey as Mr Veezey Blaize, KC
Basil Cunard as Foreman of the Jury
Wensley Pithey as First Warden
Manville Tarrant as Second Warden
Leo Genn as narrator
Production
Filming started 6 November. The film was shot at Pinewood Studios. The main street was an interior set, but additional location filming took place around London, and at Burnham Beeches in Buckinghamshire.
Patricia Roc was originally cast in the female lead, but pulled out because they did not want to keep playing Cockney roles. They were replaced by Susan Shaw. The film includes the first screen appearance of Arthur Lowe, who makes a brief and uncredited appearance as a commuter on a train.
Reception
Trade papers called the film a "notable box office attraction" in British cinemas in 1948.
The Monthly Film Bulletin wrote, "Norman Collins' story, which is Dickensian in the richness of its pathos and kindly humour, has been triumphantly captured on the screen."
Television series
The novel was also adapted for Thames Television as a series, broadcast in seven one-hour episodes from 6 September to 18 October 1977. The cast included Derek Farr as Mr Josser, Madge Ryan as Mrs Vizzard and Patricia Hayes as Connie Coke.
References
External links
BFI article and resources on the film
Seamas Duffy's article on the London Fictions site about the novel on which the film was based
1948 films
1948 comedy-drama films
British comedy-drama films
Films with screenplays by Frank Launder and Sidney Gilliat
Films directed by Sidney Gilliat
Films scored by Benjamin Frankel
Films set in London
Films shot at Pinewood Studios
Films set in 1938
Films set in 1939
British black-and-white films
1940s English-language films
1940s British films
The Studio School Liverpool (simply referred to as The Studio) is a 14–19 mixed, studio school and sixth form in Liverpool, Merseyside, England. It was established in September 2013 and is part of the Northern Schools Trust. It can be considered a sister school to Liverpool Life Sciences UTC which is run by the same trust and shares the same section of the former Contemporary Urban Centre, a restored Victorian-era warehouse in the Baltic Triangle.
History
The former Contemporary Urban Centre, more commonly known as CUC, is a grade II-listed, Victorian era warehouse on Greenland Street in Liverpool. It was built in the late 19th century, possibly as early as 1854, and was as an oil warehouse from at least 1890. It became a grade II-listed building on 19 June 1985.
The building was renovated in 2008 and used as a charity-operated "cinema, theatre and auditorium, wedding venue and a restaurant and bar" but was forced to close due to loss of funding for the site in 2011. Once the site was shut down in 2012, it was bought by Northern Schools Trust and turned into The Studio School Liverpool and Liverpool Life Sciences UTC.
Curriculum
The school specializes in technology and digital art, and has six sponsors that support its teaching. For its sixth form, students follow one of three learning pathways that determine curriculum options. These pathways are:
Creative — three A Levels focusing on art and design, graphics and lens-based media
Technologist — Extended diploma in games, animation and VFX, or AQA Diploma in Scripting and Programming plus core maths/A Level maths
Analyst — three A Levels are chosen from English, history, film, psychology, computing, maths, further maths and economics
References
External links
Secondary schools in Liverpool
Studio schools
Educational institutions established in 2013
2013 establishments in England
Lê Thế Cường (born 14 December 1990) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a midfielder for V.League 1 club Hải Phòng.
In October 2016 Thế Cường joined Cần Thơ in a two-year deal worth more than 1 đồng. Thế Cường stated that their reason for leaving SLNA was because they wished to have more playing time.
However in December 2016 after a season of playing for Cần Thơ, Thế Cường signed a new three year contract with their former club SNLA agreeing to rejoin them in the 2017 season.
References
1990 births
Living people
Vietnamese footballers
V.League 1 players
Song Lam Nghe An FC player
Can Tho FC players
Association football midfielders
Giovanni Battista Baiardo (died 1657) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
They were mainly active in Genoa as a painter of religious and historical canvases. They painted the St. Helen prays to cross for the Genoese church of Santa Croce e San Camillo de Lellis. Their name is also written as Giovanni Battista Bajardo.
References
1657 deaths
17th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
Painters from Genoa
Italian Baroque painters
Year of birth unknown
Truth or Consequences is an American radio and TV quiz show.
Truth or Consequences may also refer to:
Truth or Consequences, New Mexico, a city renamed for the quiz show
Truth or Consequences, N.M. (film), a 1997 film
Truth or Consequences Hot Springs
Hot Springs Bathhouse and Commercial Historic District in Truth or Consequences
Television episodes
"Truth or Consequences" (All Grown Up!)
"Truth or Consequences" (Lie to Me)
"Truth or Consequences" (NCIS)
"Truth or Consequences" (Popular)
"Truth or Consequences" (Supergirl)
See also
"Truth & Consequences", an episode of Heroes
Truth and Consequence, a Swedish film
"Truth or Consequences", a Zygon terrorist organization featured in Doctor Who
Statistics of the 2003–04 Saudi Premier League.
Stadia and locations
Final league table
Championship playoff
Match against fourth place
Match Against third place
Final
Season statistics
Top scorers
References
External links
RSSSF Stats
Saudi Arabia Football Federation
Saudi League Statistics
Saudi Premier League seasons
Saudi Professional League
Professional League
Khorram Dasht Rural District () may refer to:
Khorram Dasht Rural District (Hamadan Province)
Khorram Dasht Rural District (Isfahan Province)
Khorram Dasht Rural District (Markazi Province)
Europe Transparent () was a political party in the Netherlands. The party's founder, Paul van Buitenen, announced its establishment on 8 April 2004. In the 2004 election to the European Parliament the party gained two seats, after a campaign that cost no more than €4,000. Van Buitenen and the number two on the list, Els de Groen, who has written about corruption scandals in Eastern Europe, joined the European Greens–European Free Alliance party group as independent members. It did not participate anymore since the 2004 election European elections
The party claimed to be non-ideological: they aimed to fight for more open European government, against fraud, corruption and favouring of friends. Because the pursuit of this goal was their primary occupation, they participated only to a limited extent in the normal system of debates, reports, meetings, etc.
Their ultimate goal was to be able to disband themselves when they had made the European Union transparent.
European Election results
References
External links
Official website
Green political parties in the Netherlands
Anti-corruption parties
Political parties established in 2004
Political parties disestablished in 2008
Main
2004 establishments in the Netherlands
2008 disestablishments in the Netherlands
Defunct political parties in the Netherlands
The Legislative Council Complex (LegCo Complex) is the headquarters of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong. The complex is located at 1 Legislative Council Road, Central, Hong Kong.
Construction of the LegCo Complex commenced in 2008 and was completed in 2011. It was the first purpose-built building for the Hong Kong legislature.
It forms part of the Central Government Complex.
On 1 July 2019, the building was stormed and briefly occupied by protesters in the 2019–20 Hong Kong protests.
History
Previous homes of the Legislative Council
Before 2011, the Legislative Council met at other locations:
Former French Mission Building 1843–1846
Caine Road 1846–1855
Government House, Hong Kong 1855; used ballroom after 1891
Old Central Government Offices 1930s until 1954
Former Central Government Offices 1957–1985
Old Supreme Court Building 1985–2011
2019 anti-extradition bill protests
As part of protests against the 2019 Hong Kong extradition bill on 1 July 2019, a smaller, more-radical group of protesters from the day's march against the central government, angered by the previous crackdowns of peaceful protests by the police and from the lack of a total withdrawal of the bill, gathered around the Legislative Council Complex and, after the police withdrew from the site, stormed the building, using improvised battering rams to break through the glass into the lobby of the building. The protesters gained entrance to the Legislative Council chambers and defaced the walls and symbols of the council with graffiti, some calling out against the SAR and mainland governments, and some against the Hong Kong Police Force. The police regained control of the Legco site by midnight, where by then, most protesters had left the site peacefully. The estimated cost of the damage to the site was HK$10 million, though protesters took care not to damage historical artefacts or the libraries.
Planned expansion
In an effort to cement control over the legislature by the pro-Beijing camp, China reformed Hong Kong's electoral system in 2021, reducing the number of LegCo seats elected by the public, and adding 40 more seats to be elected by a small-circle Election Committee. As a result of these reforms, LegCo will increase from 70 to 90 members. On 10 May 2021, lawmakers approved a government plan to expand the LegCo complex accordingly. Under the proposal the building will be expanded by three storeys.
Design
The Complex sits on the reclaimed Tamar site, facing Victoria Harbour. Before completion of the complex, the Former Supreme Court Building was used to house the Legislative Council.
The LegCo Complex is composed of the Council Block and the Office Block. Adjoining the Complex are LegCo Garden and LegCo Square. The Complex provides office and conference facilities for staff, visitors, and members of the press.
Architecture
The LegCo Complex demonstrates a strong emphasis on the vertical lines and features as the integrative design element. The interior design theme of the LegCo Complex integrates both elements of solemnity and prudence, and of openness and empathy, as symbolically represented by "square" (which denotes restraints) and "round" (which denotes changes) shapes used strategically in the interior design of the various lobby halls and conference rooms.
Green features
-A natural light funnel at the chamber
-Green roof and sky garden
-Lilypond
-Double-layered ventilated facade design
Barrier free designs
-Automatic sliding or swing doors and tactile paths are installed in all main entrances and areas
-Unobstructed space is provided for internal doors at public areas and common areas
-Disabled toilets are available on every floor.
-Some toilet cubicles are enlarged for easy maneuvers of people with physical disabilities.
-Wireless microphone and earphone are installed in some meeting rooms for wheelchair-bound people.
-Audio sign systems or touch-activated audio signs are installed at key locations accessible by the public for people with visual impairment.
Art
Artworks can be found all over the place, enhancing the place's environment.
Facilities
Conference facilities
Council meetings are held in 800 square metre The Chamber. There are also five conference rooms for members to hold open and closed committee meetings.
Public and press galleries are located at the upper level of the Chamber together with three conference rooms for the public and the press to observe proceedings of all Council meetings and open meetings of committees. All seats of the public and press galleries are equipped with headphones for simultaneous interpretation between Cantonese and English.
Media facilities
Media facilities for reporters to cover meetings and activities of the Council include a duplex press room, dedicated TV/radio rooms for electronic news media organisations, and larger photo rooms for photographers and camera crews.
Public facilities
The LegCo Complex incorporates a number of facilities open for visit by the public including a library, an archive, a series of education facilities such as a children's corner, a memory lane, a viewing gallery, an education activities room, and two education galleries.
See also
Central Government Complex
Macau Legislative Assembly Building
References
External links
Tamar Development Project
Pictures of inside the Legislative Council Complex
Legislative buildings
Central, Hong Kong
Government buildings in Hong Kong
International Style (architecture)
Postmodern architecture
Gérard-Joseph Deschamps (4 July 1929 – 25 February 2022) was a Canadian Roman Catholic prelate.
Deschamps was born in Eastview, Frontenac County, Ontario on 4 July 1929 and was ordained to the priesthood in 1954. They were Bishop of Daru in Papua New Guinea from 1966 until 1999, when they became bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Bereina. They resigned in 2002, and died on 25 February 2022, at the age of 92.
References
1929 births
2022 deaths
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Papua New Guinea
21st-century Roman Catholic bishops in Papua New Guinea
Canadian Roman Catholic bishops
Franco-Ontarian people
People from Frontenac County
Roman Catholic bishops of Bereina
Roman Catholic bishops of Daru-Kiunga
The following is a list of Teen Choice Award winners and nominees for Choice Music - Tour or Choice Music - Summer Tour.
Winners and nominees
2000s
2010s
References
Tour
The Cercle Hermaphroditos was the first known informal transgender advocacy organisation in the United States, founded in 1895 in New York City "to unite for defense against the world's bitter persecution". The group met at Paresis Hall, also called Columbia Hall or simply "the Hall," which was a center of homosexual nightlife in New York City. There, male sex workers would solicit men under an effeminate persona. In a time when cross dressing was socially unacceptable and a punishable crime, places like Paresis Hall provided a place where self-described "instinctive female-impersonators," androgynes, queens, fairies, or Uranians could gather and feel more free to express themselves and socialize with similar people. These were Victorian era and Edwardian era words-- with their own nuances of meaning-- for people who were born male, felt they were at least partly women in mind or spirit, and preferred having sex with men; people who today might call themselves transgender women, nonbinary people, or feminine gay men, in the jargon of today's LGBT communities.
The nature of Paresis Hall during this period is known to historians today from a variety of sources. However, the Cercle Hermaphroditos itself is more apocryphal, known chiefly from the autiobiography of an "instinctive female-impersonator," Jennie June, who provides the main surviving description of it. June says all the group's members knew one another only by pseudonyms, for reasons of safety. The group was led by pseudonymous Roland Reeves. Little evidence of the Cercle's existence is known to survive today, outside of June's autobiography. If it issued any pamphlets, none are yet known to historians. For this reason, some historians have raised questions about whether the Cercle existed at all. The Cercle is noted by transgender historian Susan Stryker as "the first known informal organization in the United States to concern itself with what we might now call transgender social justice issues".
References
Bibliography
External links
Cercle Hermaphroditos, circa 1895
Transgender organizations in the United States
1895 establishments in New York City
Transgender history in the United States
Organizations established in 1895
19th century in LGBT history
Defunct LGBT organizations based in New York City
Reva Zilpha Beck Bosone (April 2, 1895 – July 21, 1983) was an American attorney and politician. They were a U.S. Representative from Utah. They were the first woman elected to Congress from Utah.
Early life and education
Born in American Fork in the Utah Territory, the daughter of a Danish immigrant father, Bosone attended public schools and graduated from high school in 1915. They graduated from Westminster Junior College in 1917 and from the University of California at Berkeley in 1919. They taught high school 1920–1927. They graduated from the University of Utah College of Law at Salt Lake City in 1930 and was admitted to the bar the same year. Bosone was the 14th woman admitted to the Utah State Bar. They then practiced law in Helper, Utah, from 1931 to 1933 and Salt Lake City from 1933 to 1936. They served as member of the State house of representatives 1933–1935, serving as floor leader in 1935.
Career
Bosone was elected Salt Lake City judge in 1936 and served until elected to Congress. During the Second World War, they were chairperson of Women's Army Corps Civilian Advisory Committee of the Ninth Service Command. In the 1940s, Bosone hosted their own weekly radio show on KDLY called Them Honor, the Judge, in which they presented legal case studies. They served as official observer at the United Nations Conference at San Francisco in 1945 and as the first director of Utah State Board for Education on Alcoholism in 1947 and 1948.
Bosone was elected as a Democrat to the Eighty-first and Eighty-second Congresses (January 3, 1949 – January 3, 1953). While in office, Bosone advocated for social welfare programs including extending Social Security for military personnel, and voted against the Subversive Activities Control and Communist Registration Act. In 1949–1951 Bosone served on the Public Lands Committee, and in 1951–1953 they also served on the House Administration Committee. They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1952 to the Eighty-third Congress and for election in 1954 to the Eighty-fourth Congress. They served as delegate to Democratic National Conventions in 1952 and 1956. They resumed the practice of law in Salt Lake City from 1953 to 1957 and was legal counsel to Safety and Compensation Subcommittee of House Committee on Education and Labor 1957–1960. They were also a judicial officer of the Post Office Department in 1961–1968. Bosone was awarded an honorary doctorate by the University of Utah in 1977. They were a resident of Vienna, Virginia, until their death there July 21, 1983.
See also
List of first women lawyers and judges in Utah
Women in the United States House of Representatives
References
Sources
External links
Women in Utah Politics oral history project, 1976-1994
Congresswoman Reva Beck Bosone (D-Utah).
Reva Beck Bosone papers, 1927-1977
Reva Beck Bosone papers, 1896-1980
Reva Beck Bosone photograph collection, 1930-1977
Reva Beck Bosone, Utah's First Woman Judge & Congresswoman
1895 births
1983 deaths
20th-century American lawyers
20th-century American women politicians
20th-century American politicians
American people of Danish descent
American women judges
Female members of the United States House of Representatives
Members of the Utah House of Representatives
People from American Fork, Utah
People from Vienna, Virginia
Politicians from Salt Lake City
University of Utah alumni
Utah state court judges
Women state legislators in Utah
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Utah
20th-century American judges
20th-century women judges
S.J. Quinney College of Law alumni
Louleh a.s Shiraz was a professional Iranian basketball club based in Shiraz, Iran. The team competes in the Iranian Basketball Super League.
Notable former players
Ali Doraghi
Hossein Heidari
Milan Vučićević
Saša Zagorac
Waitari Marsh
Kevin Sheppard
See also
The Iran Job
External links
page on Asia-Basket
Basketball teams in Iran
Sport in Shiraz
Basketball teams established in 2005
2005 establishments in Iran
2017 disestablishments in Iran
Basketball teams disestablished in 2017
Gilberto Emiro Correa Romero (born February 24, 1943) is a Venezuelan television personality known for hosting De Fiesta Con Venevision from 1969–1983 and Súper Sábado Sensacional from 1988-1996. Correa is also best known for their deep voice on Venevision's commercial bumpers and promos during the 1980s and 1990s.
Career
Venevision
Correa began their career on Venevision at age 21, on the show Ritmo y Juventud. Their popularity soon earned them the position of being an announcer and host of numerous events. In 1969, Correa was hired to host De Fiesta Con Venevision a variety show which lasted through 1983. Their voice was also heard on several of Venevision's commercial bumpers and promos. Correa has also hosted the Miss Venezuela pageant at various times since 1971. In 1985, Correa hosted and produced the news magazine show Close Up.
Throughout the 1980s, Correa often filled in for Amador Bendayan on the variety show Sábado Sensacional. By 1988, Bendayan's health was deteriorating and was forced to retire from the show. Bendayan died shortly after Correa took over as host. On Saturday of that week, a special edition of Sábado Sensacional aired in which Correa read Bendayan's last will. In 1990, the show was renamed Súper Sábado Sensacional and focused more on multitudinary events, generating higher ratings. In 1996, future host Daniel Sarcos hosted a new game show segment called Mega Match Sensacional. Correa stepped down as the main host of Súper Sábado Sensacional in favor of Sarcos, who would host the show for the next twelve years. Correa eventually left the network that same year.
Correa reappeared on Súper Sábado Sensacional numerous times (the first being in 2007, celebrating the late Ricardo Pena's 30 years of producing the show). Correa returned again in 2009 to participate in a tribute to Amador Bendayan presented by Daniel Sarcos. In March 2011, Correa returned once again to Súper Sábado Sensacional to co-host the episode celebrating Venevision's 50th anniversary alongside former host Leonardo Villalobos. In 2013, Correa, along with several of Venevision's current and former personalities, returned to participate in a tribute dedicated to the late Joaquin Riviera, who served as general production manager of the network from 1986 until their death in April 2013.
After Súper Sábado Sensacional
After leaving Súper Sábado Sensacional in 1996, they worked with Televen hosting Flash, a news magazine show. In 2002, they hosted a variety show called El Momento de La Verdad ("The Moment of Truth"), which also aired on Televen. Correa continued hosting the Miss Venezuela pageant regularly from 2002 until 2003. In 2006, Correa guest-hosted the pageant alongside then-host Daniel Sarcos. Currently, Gilberto Correa can be seen as a spokesperson in numerous commercials for numerous companies, including Telcel and Multinacional de Seguros.
Personal life
Marriages
Correa has been married five times. Their first marriage was with Argentine model Claudia Spangher in 1976. From 1982 until 1986, Correa was married to Maria Eugenia Maury with whom they have a daughter, Karina Correa-Maury (b. 1983). In 1988, Correa married former Miss Venezuela contestant Raquel Lares with whom they have a son, Carlos Enrique Correa (b. 1990). The couple later divorced in 1993. Their fourth marriage was with Ysabel Margarita Sanabria Marcano from 1998 until 2002. Correa married Diana Núñez December 2017 and later divorced
.
Health
In December 2017, Correa revealed in an interview that they have been diagnosed with Parkinson's disease.
Filmography
Ritmo y Juventud (1965-1969)
De Fiesta Con Venevision (1969–1982)
Miss Venezuela (1972–1996, 2002–2003, 2006)
Close Up (1981–1989)
(Súper) Sábado Sensacional (1988–1996)
Flash (1998–1999)
El Momento de La Verdad (2002)
See also
List of television presenters/Venezuela
References
External links
1943 births
Living people
Venezuelan television personalities
Beauty pageant hosts
People from Zulia
is the first physical single (second overall) by Japanese producer and Capsule member Yasutaka Nakata, and as well as the 13th single by Japanese model-singer Kyary Pamyu Pamyu, released on January 18, 2017. The single was released in both CD and digital editions, also marking their first split single. It is also marked as the first collaboration single with British singer and songwriter Charli XCX.
Both songs were used as promotion for two different events: the "Special DJ + Live Zepp Tour 2016: YSTK x KPP" and the "Asobinite!!!- Kyary Pamyu Pamyu Birthday Special: YSTK x KPP Club Edition".
Background, production and release
"Crazy Crazy" was composed by Nakata with lyrics by Charli XCX. Pamyu Pamyu had wanted to collaborate with an outside artist for some time. Nakata later confirmed that Charli XCX was the artist that they were collaborating with. While recording the song, Pamyu Pamyu had difficulty singing in full English.
The teaser video for "Crazy Crazy" was produced by Nakata and shot in Los Angeles and Tokyo. Actual audience participation during the music video was endorsed using "Face Swap" which was popularized by Snapchat. The music video was released on January 26, 2017.
Track listing
References
2017 singles
2017 songs
Crazy Crazy
Kyary Pamyu Pamyu songs
Crazy Crazy
Song recordings produced by Yasutaka Nakata
Songs written by Yasutaka Nakata
Unborde singles
Warner Music Group singles
Crazy Crazy
Split singles
Crazy Crazy
Harajuku Iyahoi
Harajuku Iyahoi
Cara Black and Elena Likhovtseva were the defending champions, but were forced to withdraw in their semifinals match.
Daniela Hantuchová and Arantxa Sánchez Vicario won the title by defeating Tathiana Garbin and Janette Husárová 6–3, 1–6, 7–5 in the final.
Seeds
Draw
Draw
References
External links
Official results archive (WTA)
Pilot Pen Tennis
Connecticut Open (tennis)
2002 Pilot Pen Tennis
Muvhango is a South African television soap opera, created by Duma Ndlovu. It is broadcast on the public TV channel SABC 2, and has an average of 4 million daily viewers. The first episode was aired on 7 April 1997. It was the first Tshivenda language TV drama, but later became multilingual in order to showcase that languages and cultures of South Africa should be used to unite rather than divide. The creator of Muvhango is Zulu by ancestry, but can speak Tshivenda and is fluent in all South African languages.
The show is built on a premise that "umuntu ngumuntu ngabantu" meaning that we exist within a context. The show has strong family orientated storylines that seeks to speak to the conflict between the traditional and the modern ways. The Vhakwevho's are the custodians of the traditional side of things while the Johannesburg lot focuses on the modern ways.
In 2006 the series was nominated for the South African Film and Television Award for best soap opera.
Maumela Mahuwa is currently the longest-serving cast member on the show. They have been on Muvhango since the show's inception in 1997. Behind them is Elsie Rasalanavho who played the role of Vho-Mulondeleli Mukwevho from 1997 - 2022 and Sindi Dlathu who played the role of Thandaza Mokoena from 1997 - 2018. They are followed by Dingaan Khumalo and Gabriel Temudzani, who've both been on the show since 2000. Dingaan Khumalo has the role of business person James Motsamai and Gabriel Temudzani has the role of Chief Azwindini Mukwevho, the Chief of Thathe. Maumela Mahuwa has the role of Nurse Susan Mukwevho, the former senior wife of the Chief of Thathe and currently Mayor of Thathe.
Plot
The show is primarily set in Johannesburg and Venda. In Johannesburg, James Motsamai, Khakhathi Mulaudzi, Gugu Nkosi-Zikalala, Imani Nkosi, Hangwani Mukhwevho, Rendani Mukhwevho, their families and their colleagues deal with nepotism, drama and violence in the corporate world. In Venda, the Mukhwevho family leads the people of Thathe while there are cracks in their family.
Cast
The Mukwevho Family, MMC and Qalabosha Constructions
The Mukwevho family is one of the highest royal families in Venda. Azwindini was the chief and had 4 wives (Susan, Pfuluwani, Vele and Mpho). Vho-Masindi is the Queen Mother and the Chief's mother. Vho-Makhadzi is the matriarch of the family by blood and Vho-Gizara is the younger brother of Vho-Makhadzi and is Azwindini's Royal Advisor. Vho-Makhadzi, Vho-Gizara, Vho-Borosi and Vho-Phusuphusu are siblings and their brothers Vho-Albert, Vho-Mushasha and Vho-Mashudu (Azwindini's father) all died.
Vho-Hangwani is Albert's widow and Rendani is their daughter. Hangwani and Rendani both reside in Johannesburg but go to Venda for family gatherings. Hangwani owns coffee shop Dukathole and Rendani works at the family business, MMC. Vho-Mukondeleli is Vho-Mushasha's widow and Mulalo is their grandson. Mulalo has been fighting for the throne for a long time and was even bewitched to show that they aren't entitled to the throne. In a surprising turn of events, Mulalo became the chief of Thathe.
Thandaza was the first woman from the Vha-Kwevho family to ever get a corporate job whereas Senior Royal Wife Susan chose to become a nurse in Venda. Teboho Mukwevho became the owner of a well known local restaurant but they decided to sell it. Thandaza, Susan and Teboho are the only women from the Mukwevho family who are independent and have steady jobs.
MMC
Mukwevho Mulaudzi Constructions (formerly known as Mukwevho Mojalefa Constructions) is the Mukwevho family business. Azwindini's father and their brother Albert used to travel a lot and they started a construction company in Joburg for their families in Venda. The CEO was previously Thandaza Mokoena, who was Edward Mukwevho's widow until they started their own rival business, Basadi Constructions (now called Qalabosha).
The current CEO is Gugu Nkosi-Zikalala with KK Mulaudzi as the company's majority shareholder and Tenda Mudau as the Chairperson of the board. Rendani normally acts as their family's proxy in board meetings.
Qalabosha Constructions
Renowned business person Thandaza Buthelezi (played by Sindi Dlathu) left MMC with business tycoon Lerumo Mojalefa who was the company's chairperson and their close friend James Motsamai to start their own company (Basadi Constructions). However, Lerumo and Thandaza left and they left the company in James' hands. They changed the name to Qalabosha Constructions when they married Moliehi Zikalala. James is the Chairperson and CEO of Qalabosha.
References
South African drama television series
2000s South African television series
2010s South African television series
1990s South African television series
1997 South African television series debuts
Doncaster Education City (or DEC) is a £90 million higher and further education facility in Doncaster, South Yorkshire, England. The centrepiece of the project is a new purpose-built campus in the centre of the town nicknamed The Hub.
DEC was a joint project between Doncaster College, Doncaster Metropolitan Borough Council, the South Yorkshire Learning and Skills Council and Yorkshire Forward.
Existing facilities
Doncaster's higher and further educational needs are currently served by Doncaster College. Doncaster College has two campuses - The Hub and the University Centre, Doncaster.
University Centre
Historically, degree courses have been available at the college, which are accredited by local universities such as the University of Hull. In 2004, Doncaster College designated its High Melton campus as University Centre, with the aim of offering more degree courses, again with support from the University of Hull.
The future
The aim of the project was to have a University College, Doncaster by 2009, and by 2012 have a University of Doncaster.
References
External links
Doncaster Education City
Doncaster College
Yorkshire Forward - The Regional Development Agency for Yorkshire & Humber
Buildings and structures in Doncaster
Education in Doncaster
Schweiker v. Chilicky, 487 U.S. 412 (1988), was a United States Supreme Court decision that established limitations on implied causes of action. The Court determined that a cause of action would not be implied for the violation of rights where the U.S. Congress had already provided a remedy for the violation of rights at issue, even if the remedy was inadequate.
In this case, seriously disabled people were wrongfully being denied federal benefits (although, on appeal to an Administrative Law Judge, two-thirds had their payments restored). Although Congress provides for the return of back-pay, no provision is made for pain and suffering or other economic losses. The injured parties sued responsible agency personnel, under the theory that pursuant to Bivens v. Six Unknown Named Agents they could allege a private right of action for deprivation of due process.
The Court examined whether Congress intended a private right of action under these circumstances, and concluded that if Congress has created a meaningful remedy – even if it is incomplete – then no Bivens-type remedy is available. Special factors counseling hesitation included judicial deference to a combination of:
some indication that Congress considered providing a cause of action, and chose not to; and
the design of some government program containing what Congress considers an adequate remedial mechanism.
Here Congress has provided a great deal of process, and some relief, and has been otherwise silent as to a remedy, which the Court found to be enough to foreclose a Bivens remedy.
See also
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 487
List of United States Supreme Court cases
Lists of United States Supreme Court cases by volume
List of United States Supreme Court cases by the Rehnquist Court
External links
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Supreme Court cases of the Rehnquist Court
1988 in United States case law
Implied constitutional cause of action case law
In Greek mythology, Rarus (Ancient Greek: Ρᾶρος) or Rar (Ρᾶρ) was a son of Cranaus, eponym of the Rharian Field near Eleusis, and a possible father of Triptolemus by an unnamed daughter of Amphictyon. According to Suda, Rarus was the father of Celeus and through them grandfather of Triptolemus. They received Demeter hospitably as they were searching for their daughter Persephone, and the goddess, in reward, taught their grandson the art of cultivating crops. According to Robert Graves, Rarus name whether it means ‘an abortive child', or ‘a womb', is an inappropriate name for a king, and will have referred to the womb of the Corn-mother from which the corn sprang.
Notes
References
Graves, Robert, The Greek Myths: The Complete and Definitive Edition. Penguin Books Limited. 2017.
Pausanias, Description of Greece with an English Translation by W.H.S. Jones, Litt.D., and H.A. Ormerod, M.A., in 4 Volumes. Cambridge, MA, Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann Ltd. 1918. . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library
Pausanias, Graeciae Descriptio. 3 vols. Leipzig, Teubner. 1903. Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library.
Suida, Suda Encyclopedia translated by Ross Scaife, David Whitehead, William Hutton, Catharine Roth, Jennifer Benedict, Gregory Hays, Malcolm Heath Sean M. Redmond, Nicholas Fincher, Patrick Rourke, Elizabeth Vandiver, Raphael Finkel, Frederick Williams, Carl Widstrand, Robert Dyer, Joseph L. Rife, Oliver Phillips and many others. Online version at the Topos Text Project.
Attican characters in Greek mythology
Characters in Greek mythology
Eleusinian mythology
Effingham County is located in the south central part of the U.S. state Illinois. As of the 2020 census, the population was 34,668. Its county seat and largest city is Effingham.
Some other cities in Effingham County, Illinois include Altamont, Teutopolis (T-Town), Beecher City, Montrose, Dieterich, Shumway, Watson, Mason, Edgewood, Heartville, and Funkhouser. Effingham County comprises the Effingham, IL Micropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Effingham County was formed in 1831 out of Fayette and Crawford counties. It may have been named after Thomas Howard, 3rd Earl of Effingham, who resigned their commission as general in the British army in 1775, refusing to serve in the war against the Colonies. The name is Anglo-Saxon for "Effa's house". New information suggests that the county was named after a surveyor who surveyed the area whose last name was Effingham. There is no written proof that the county was named after Lord Effingham.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.3%) is water.
Just west of Effingham on Interstate 70 there is a white cross; 35,000 vehicles are estimated to pass the site each day. It is one of the world's tallest crosses, and took over of steel to erect.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Effingham have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1915 and a record high of was recorded in July 1954. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in January to in July.
Adjacent counties
Cumberland County - northeast
Jasper County - east
Clay County - south
Fayette County - west
Shelby County - northwest
Major highways
Interstate 57
Interstate 70
U.S. Route 40
U.S. Route 45
Illinois Route 32
Illinois Route 33
Illinois Route 37
Illinois Route 128
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 34,242 people, 13,515 households, and 9,302 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 14,570 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 97.6% white, 0.4% Asian, 0.2% black or African American, 0.1% American Indian, 0.8% from other races, and 0.8% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.7% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 41.6% were German, 10.0% were Irish, 9.3% were American, and 8.8% were English.
Of the 13,515 households, 32.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.9% were married couples living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 31.2% were non-families, and 26.9% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.03. The median age was 39.2 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $49,509 and the median income for a family was $61,373. Males had a median income of $40,951 versus $28,209 for females. The per capita income for the county was $24,843. About 7.8% of families and 10.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including 14.1% of those under age 18 and 7.4% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Altamont
Effingham (seat)
Town
Mason
Villages
Beecher City
Dieterich
Edgewood
Montrose
Shumway
Teutopolis
Watson
Townships
Effingham County is divided into fifteen townships:
Banner
Bishop
Douglas
Jackson
Liberty
Lucas
Mason
Moccasin
Mound
St. Francis
Summit
Teutopolis
Union
Watson
West
Unincorporated Communities
Dexter
Elliottstown
Funkhouser
Gilmore
Heartville
Moccasin
Politics
In its early years Effingham County was owing to its anti-Civil War German-American population powerfully Democratic. Until Woodrow Wilson's harsh policies towards Germany following World War I drove many voters to the GOP's Warren G. Harding, it had voted an absolute majority to the Democratic presidential candidate in every election since the county's formation. Opposition to the New Deal caused a considerable swing away from Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1936, and combined with local opposition to Roosevelt's war policies in 1940 to cause FDR to only win the county by forty-seven votes from Wendell Willkie.
Since that election, the county has voted Republican in every election except 1948 and 1964, and no Democrat since Jimmy Carter in 1976 has reached 35 percent of the county's vote. Currently Effingham County is one of Illinois' most Republican counties, rivalled by a number of southern counties like Edwards. In the 2008 U.S. Presidential election, John McCain carried the county by a 36% margin over Barack Obama, making it McCain's strongest county in the state, with Obama carrying their home state by a 25.1% margin over McCain.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Effingham County, Illinois
References
Specific
General
History of Southern Illinois, George Washington Smith, 1912.
United States Census Bureau 2007 TIGER/Line Shapefiles
United States Board on Geographic Names (GNIS)
United States National Atlas
External links
Effingham County History & Genealogy
Illinois counties
1831 establishments in Illinois
Populated places established in 1831
Nana Aisha Abdullahi (c. 1960 – 5 March 2014) was a Nigerian judge and lawyer. In 2010, Abdullahi became Jigawa State's first female High Court judge. (Jigawa is a state located in northern Nigeria.)
Abdullahi served as the Solicitor General, Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice from 2000 to 2005. They were appointed to the High Court in 2010, becoming the first woman to serve as a High Court justice in Jigawa. They held the post until their death in 2014.
Justice Nana Abdullahi died from an illness at a private hospital in Dutse, Jigawa, Nigeria, on 5 March 2014, at the age of 54. They were survived by their husband, Abubakar, a coordinator at the Dutse campus of the National Open University of Nigeria.
References
1960s births
2014 deaths
Nigerian women judges
20th-century Nigerian lawyers
People from Jigawa State
21st-century Nigerian judges
The Krasnogorsk-2 (ru. Красногорск-2) is 16mm spring-wound film camera with a mirror shutter, produced by Krasnogorsky Zavod from 1966 to 1977. It was released in the same year as the Krasnogorsk-1.
Function
The film is moved by a spring drive using a single registration pin, which allows both double and single-perforated film. The camera can record up to 30 seconds of film per wind-up. The framerate can be adjusted on the AC side, and the K-2 can record between 8 and 48 fps. The camera also has a single frame mode, using a flexible trigger cable at the rear side of the camera.
This camera had an internal cassette in the magazine, which could fit 100 ft (30 meters) of a 16 mm film spools. This way the film could be replaced without risking light leaks.
A butterfly two-blade shutter opens at 150° (2 × 75°) and provides over a mirror system an exact replica of the recorded frame to the eyepiece. The viewfinder also has a built-in lightmeter, which gives an approximate light measuring of the whole frame.
The camera could be attached to a tripod using a standard 3/8 "screw or to a pistol grip with a shoulder rest for handheld shooting.
The Krasnogorsk-2 has a Krasnogorsk Bayonette mount, which adapted to the following lenses:
Meteor 5-1 17-69mm, f1.9
Vega-7 20mm f2
Vega-9 50mm f2
Mir-11, 12, 5mm f2
The camera weighs 6.7 lbs (3 kg) without accessories.
History
The camera was introduced in 1966 by Krasnogorsky Zavod as a result of Nikita Khrushchev's reforms to produce more consumer devices in the USSR. It was very popular among amateur filmmakers in Eastern Europe. The production was discontinued in 1977 when the Krasnogorsk-3 took over completely. The K-2 still remains popular among amateur filmmakers due to its low price (around $200 for a complete set) and small build. Between 1966 and 1977 over 15,000 Krasnogorsk-2 cameras were sold.
See also
Krasnogorsk-3
Bolex
Filmo
References
External links
Movie cameras
Soviet cameras
Joseph Ridgway (May 6, 1783 – February 1, 1861) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.
Born in Staten Island, New York, Ridgway attended the public schools.
Learned the trade of carpenter.
They moved to Cayuga County, New York, in 1811 and engaged in the manufacture of plows.
They settled in Columbus, Ohio, in 1822 and established an iron foundry.
They served as member of the State house of representatives 1828–1832.
Ridgway was elected as a Whig to the Twenty-fifth, Twenty-sixth, and Twenty-seventh Congresses (March 4, 1837 – March 3, 1843).
They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1842 to the Twenty-eighth Congress.
They served as member of the State board of equalization.
They served as director of the Clinton Bank for twenty years.
They served as member of the city council.
They died in Columbus, Ohio, February 1, 1861.
They were interred in Green Lawn Cemetery.
Sources
1783 births
1861 deaths
People from Staten Island
Politicians from Columbus, Ohio
Columbus City Council members
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Burials at Green Lawn Cemetery (Columbus, Ohio)
Whig Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
Statistics of the 2004–05 Saudi Premier League, officially known as The Custodian of The Two Holy Mosques League Cup.
Stadia and locations
Final league table
Championship playoffs
Match against fourth place
Match against third place
Final
Season statistics
Top scorers
References
External links
RSSSF Stats
Saudi Arabia Football Federation
Saudi League Statistics
Saudi Premier League seasons
Saudi Professional League
Professional League
Guo Wei (; born 7 November 1969) is a Chinese retired ice hockey player and former member of the Chinese national team. They represented China in the women's ice hockey tournament at the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano and at the 1997 IIHF Women's World Championship.
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
Chinese women's ice hockey forwards
Ice hockey players at the 1998 Winter Olympics
Olympic ice hockey players of China
Sportspeople from Harbin
The Girl in Black Stockings is an American B-movie mystery film released by United Artists in 1957. Directed by Howard W. Koch, it stars Lex Barker, Anne Bancroft, and Mamie Van Doren.
Plot
A lodge in Kanab, Utah, is where Los Angeles lawyer David Hewson goes for a peaceful vacation. They quickly are attracted to Beth Dixon, a switchboard operator and a former personal assistant to lodge owner Edmund Parry.
The murder of playgirl Marsha Morgan, their throat cut, disrupts the peace and quiet. Sheriff Holmes begins the investigation, starting with the wheelchair-using Parry, who admits to hating the dead woman, and Parry's possessive sister Julia, who helps them run the lodge. It turns out David once dated Morgan as well.
A new guest, Joseph Felton, checks in. The sheriff's suspects also include guests Norman Grant, a drunken actor, and their ambitious girlfriend, Harriet Ames. A missing kitchen knife believed to be the murder weapon is found by Indian Joe, who works at the lodge.
Beth eavesdrops on a phone call Felton makes from their room. They overhear them speaking to a man named Prentiss. Felton is later found killed by a gunshot, and it turns out they were a private detective. David becomes more and more convinced that the Parrys are behind all this. Ames is seen kissing Edmund Parry, which does not please Edmund's sister or Grant.
To their shock, David arrives as Beth holds a knife to Julia Parry's bloody throat, claiming to have stabbed them in self-defense. It turns out, however, that Prentiss is Beth's husband and they had hired the investigator Felton to follow the psychologically disturbed Beth, who is responsible for all the murders.
Cast of characters
Lex Barker as David Hewson
Anne Bancroft as Beth
Mamie Van Doren as Harriet Ames
John Dehner as Sheriff Holmes
Ron Randell as Edmund Parry
Marie Windsor as Julia Parry
John Holland as Norman Grant
Diana Vandervlis as Louise Miles
Richard Cutting as Dr. Aiken
Larry Chance as Joe
Gene O'Donnell as Felton
Norman Leavitt as Amos
Gerald Frank as Frankie
Stuart Whitman as Prentiss
David Dwight as Judge Walters
Karl MacDonald as Deputy
Dan Blocker as Bartender
Mark Bennett as Brackett
Production
The movie's working title was Black Stockings. It was filmed on location in the small Utah city of Kanab; the lodge in the film is the real-life Parry Lodge in Kanab, which had often served to house movie crews filming in the area. Filming also took place at Three Lakes and the Moqui Cave in Utah as well as Fredonia, Arizona.
The Girl in Black Stockings was Van Doren's first film after the birth of their son and their consequent release from Universal.
Production began in July 1956.
Like much of Bel-Air's output, The Girl in Black Stockings was a low-budget exploitation film released as a second feature.
Turner Classic Movies showing
Turner Classic Movies presented The Girl in Black Stockings on September 17, 2015, in commemoration of what would have been Anne Bancroft's 84th birthday. Shown after The Girl in Black Stockings was 1957's Nightfall, 1964's The Pumpkin Eater, 1966's 7 Women, 1975's The Prisoner of Second Avenue, and 1984's Garbo Talks.
See also
List of American films of 1957
References
External links
Review of film at Variety
The Girl in Black Stockings at TV Guide (revised form of this 1987 write-up was originally published in The Motion Picture Guide)
1957 films
Film noir
1950s mystery films
American crime drama films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by Howard W. Koch
Films shot in Utah
Films set in Utah
Films shot in Arizona
United Artists films
1950s English-language films
1950s American films
The Defense Innovation Unit (DIU) is a United States Department of Defense (DoD) organization founded to help the U.S. military make faster use of emerging commercial technologies. Launched in 2015, the organization has been called "the Pentagon's Innovation Experiment". DIU is staffed by civilian and both active duty and reserve military personnel. The organization is headquartered in Mountain View, California — Silicon Valley — with offices in Boston, Austin, and the Pentagon just outside Washington, D.C.
Mission
The DIU's stated mission is to accelerate DoD adoption of commercial technology, transform military capacity and capability, and strengthen the American national security innovation base.
It seeks to strengthen US national security by accelerating the adoption of commercial technology throughout the military and growing the national security innovation base. DIU partners with organizations across the Department of Defense, from the services and components to combatant commands and defense agencies, to rapidly prototype and field advanced commercial products that address national security challenges.
DIU operates five portfolios dedicated to solving national security demand in areas of AI/ML (artificial intelligence/machine learning), Autonomy, Cyber, Human Systems, and Space. In 2016, DIU, then known as DIUx, pioneered a process called the 'Commercial Solutions Opening' (CSO) created by Lauren Dailey, David Rothzeid, and Robert Trejo along with a group of contracting officers from Army Contracting Command (ACC-NJ) for awarding prototype contracts through the use of Other Transaction Authority (OTA) leveraging USC Title 10 §2371b for competitive selection of advanced commercial technologies. After a period of rapid prototyping, the resulting material can be transitioned and scaled through production OT (2371b(f)) agreements, or other follow-on contracts for units and organizations that find utility with the prototyping effort.
Leaders
DIU was launched in August 2015 as "Defense Innovation Unit Experimental (DIUx)." It was founded by Maynard Holliday. In May 2016, then-Secretary of Defense Ash Carter announced a reboot of the organization, designating that it report directly to their office.
From May 2016 to February 2018, its managing partner was Raj Shah, a Wharton MBA graduate who flew F-16s in Iraq as an Air National Guard reservist and co-founded Morta Security, later acquired by Palo Alto Networks. Other leaders include Isaac Taylor, Chris Kirchhoff, and Vishaal Hariprasad. Taylor spent 13 years at Google, designing and building its first self-driving cars, then later rising to operations director of Google X where they started projects involving robotics and augmented reality. Kirchhoff served as a strategist in President Obama's National Security Council and as the civilian assistant to General Martin Dempsey, chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. Hariprasad is a highly decorated Air Force cyberwarfare officer who cofounded Morta Security with Raj Shah.
In August 2017, during a period in which Captain Sean Heritage, USN, was interim Director, Deputy Secretary of Defense directed DIUx be re-designated as the Defense Innovation Unit (DIU) to indicate the organization's permanence within the Department of Defense.
On September 24, 2018, Michael Brown took over as DIU's Managing Director. In April 2021, Brown was originally going to be President Joe Biden's nominee for chief weapons buyer for the Department of Defence when news broke that they were under investigation by the Department of Defense Office of Inspector General over alleged breaches of federal hiring rules at the DIU. Brown withdrew their name from consideration shortly afterwards. Brown left their position as managing director on September 2, 2022. On September 9, 2022, the DoD Inspector General found the allegations to be unsubstantiated.
See also
Defense Innovation Advisory Board
References
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/checkpoint/wp/2016/05/11/pentagon-chief-overhauls-silicon-valley-office-will-open-similar-unit-in-boston
External links
United States Department of Defense
2015 establishments in California
Companies based in Mountain View, California
Jean-Claude Raphael (born 5 March 1973) is a Mauritian judoka.
Raphael represented Mauritius at the Atlanta Olympics in 1996 and achieved 9th at the Sydney Olympics in 2000.  They are a Commonwealth Games Gold medalist, Indian Ocean Games Gold medalist, African Judo Championship Gold medalist and has competed internationally for many years before retiring from professional competition after the Sydney Olympic Games.
Achievements
See also
Judo Inside
SportsReference.com
References
External links
1973 births
Living people
Mauritian male judoka
Judoka at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Olympic judoka of Mauritius
Competitors at the 1999 All-Africa Games
African Games medalists in judo
African Games silver medalists for Mauritius
In Polynesian mythology, Matuu or Matu is the god of the north wind and the second wind to be controlled by Maui.
References
Polynesian gods
Wind deities
Tettje Clay-Jolles (1881–1972) was one of the first female Dutch physicists. They studied the variation of atmospheric radiation with geographic latitude.
Early life
Clay-Jolles was born in 1881 in Assen, Netherlands to Eva Dina Halbertsma and Maurits Aernout Diedrick Jolles. They were the first and only girl to attend the local secondary school, passing both the alpha and beta series exams at the end of their studies there. These exams tested their knowledge of the humanities and science and they passed both, which was reportedly an unusual occurrence.
Education
After secondary school, Clay-Jolles attended the University of Groningen. They commuted each day from Assen by train until 1903 when they transferred to the University of Leiden. At the University of Leiden, they were one of the few women who studied physics at the university. There they began their doctoral research on low-temperature physics under Heike Kamerlingh Onnes.
Career
After moving to Java, Clay-Jolles returned to research and worked as an assistant in a laboratory researching vacuum pumps. During this time they also edited and typed all of their husband's publications. In recognition of their expertise as a scientist and scholar, they were hired to edit a series of lectures by Nobel laureate Hendrik Antoon Lorentz in 1921.
Clay-Jolles worked with their husband during the 1920s studying cosmic rays, radiation in the ultraviolet solar spectrum, and the intensity of atmospheric radiation. The two discovered that atmospheric radiation depended on geographic latitude. They did this by comparing the ultraviolet light at their location in Java to the ultraviolet light at the Batavia Observatory. Clay-Jones and their husband published an article on these findings in the Proceedings of the Amsterdam Academy of Sciences entitled "Measurements of Ultraviolet Sunlight in the Tropics."
After some dispute over the veracity of these findings, Clay-Jolles defended their work in a discussion published in the East Indian scientific journal, Natuurkundig Tijdshrift voor Nederlandsch-Indië.
Personal life
Clay-Jolles met and fell in love with Jacob Clay, another of Kamerlingh Onnes's students, and in 1908 the two were married. Later that year they left school to focus on their family. They spent the next twelve years raising the couple's three children. In 1920, the family moved to Bandung, Java when Jacob Clay was hired as a professor of physics at the Institute of Technology.
In 1929, the family moved to Amsterdam where Clay-Jones died in 1972.
References
1881 births
1972 deaths
20th-century Dutch physicists
People from Assen
University of Groningen alumni
Dutch women physicists
20th-century Dutch women scientists
A Visit from the Goon Squad is a 2011 Pulitzer Prize-winning work of fiction by American author Jennifer Egan. The book is a set of thirteen interrelated stories with a large set of characters all connected to Bennie Salazar, a record company executive, and their assistant, Sasha. The book centers on the mostly self-destructive characters of different ages who, as they grow older, are sent in unforeseen, and sometimes unusual, directions by life. The stories shift back and forth in time from the 1970s to the present and into the near future. Many of the stories take place in and around New York City, although other settings include San Francisco, Italy, and Kenya.
In addition to winning the Pulitzer Prize, the book also won the National Book Critics Circle Award for fiction in 2010. The novel received mostly positive reviews from critics and later appeared in many lists of the best fiction works of the 2010s.
Collection or novel
Because of its unusual narrative structure, some critics have characterized the book as a novel and others as a collection of linked short stories. A Visit from the Goon Squad has 13 chapters, which can be read as individual stories and which do not focus on any single central character or narrative arc. Many were originally published as short stories in magazines such as the New Yorker and Harper's Magazine. In an interview with Salon.com's Laura Miller, Egan said they leaned toward calling the book a novel rather than a short story collection. They have also said that they consider the book to be neither a story collection nor a novel.
Stories
"Found Objects" – Sasha, a kleptomaniac, steals a woman's wallet while on a date with Alex. They return the wallet to its owner, who does not turn Sasha in. They later steals a note from Alex's wallet. Set in the present day, told in the third person from Sasha's perspective.
"The Gold Cure" – Bennie, Sasha, and Bennie's son Christopher attends a performance of one of bands Bennie works with, Stop/Go, who now have 4 members instead of 3. Set in the recent past, told in the third person from Bennie's perspective.
"Ask Me If I Care" – In Bennie and Scotty's teenage years, their band, The Flaming Dildos, scores a show at a punk club, thanks to a music producer named Lou, who is dating their friend Jocelyn. Set in the early 1980s in San Francisco, told by Rhea – a friend of the band.
"Safari" – Lou takes their children, Rolph and Charlene, and their new girlfriend Mindy, on a hunting safari in Kenya. Set in 1973, the story is told in the third person, mostly from Mindy's perspective and details a lion attack that happens on the safari.
"You (Plural)" – Jocelyn and Rhea visit Lou on their death bed. Set about a decade in the past, told by Jocelyn.
"X's and O's" – Scotty delivers a fish to Bennie at their Sow's Ear Records office, where they have a tense conversation. Set a few years in the past, told by Scotty.
"A to B" – Stephanie, Bennie's wife and a publicist, and their brother Jules, visit Bosco, an aging rockstar who wants to go on a comeback tour. Set a few years in the past, told in the third person from Stephanie's perspective.
"Selling the General" – Dolly, a washed-up publicist, enlists formerly famous starlet Kitty Jackson to help soften the image of a murderous dictator who has hired Dolly. Set in the present, told by Dolly.
"Forty Minute Lunch: Kitty Jackson Opens Up About Love, Fame and Nixon! Jules Jones Reports" – Jules interviews Kitty Jackson, as they have been hired to write a magazine article about them However, as their lunch is drawing to a close, Jules convinces Kitty to go for a walk with them in Central Park, where they assault them Set a few years in the past, presented as a magazine article that Jules writes while in prison.
"Out of Body" – Rob and Drew, Sasha's boyfriend, spend a night partying, before they go for a swim in the East River, where Rob drowns. Set a decade or so in the past, told in the second person from Rob's perspective.
"Goodbye, My Love" – Ted Hollander is in Naples, ostensibly looking for their niece Sasha, who disappeared two years before. However, Ted is using the all-expenses-paid trip as an excuse to visit museums and see art. Set about a decade and a half in the past, told in the third person from Ted's point of view.
"Great Rock and Roll Pauses by Alison Blake" – Set about 15 years in the future, presented as a PowerPoint presentation made by Alison, Sasha and Drew's daughter.
"Pure Language" – Alex, an audio technician, is hired by Bennie to find 50 'parrots' – essentially people paid to feign fandom – for Scotty's debut show. Set about 15 years in the future, told from Alex's point of view in the third person.
Characters
Sasha: Runs away to Asia and then Naples as a teenager, then studies at NYU and later becomes Bennie's assistant (for 12 years). Is a kleptomaniac. Marries late and moves to the desert to raise their two kids.
Bennie: Interested in the music business. Once a member of the "Flaming Dildos" band, with Scotty, Alice, Rhea, and Jocelyn. Later creates their own record label.
Lou: A music producer, and Bennie's mentor. Has many different affairs, marriages and children.
Scotty: Member of the Flaming Dildos as a teenager, continues on the margins of society in later life. Achieves a level of musical success as an older man.
Stephanie: Bennie's first wife. A member of a country club they resent, but where they enjoy playing tennis.
Dolly: Publicist in pursuit of fame who loses their business in disgrace. Eventually opens a cheese shop upstate.
Lulu: Dolly's daughter; unsure of father. Replaces Sasha as Bennie's assistant in the final story, set in the near-future.
Kitty: A hugely successful teen star who becomes jaded and harsh after Jules assaults them Later does a publicity job for Dolly.
Jules: Stephanie's older brother. A bi-polar celebrity journalist who goes to prison after assaulting Kitty.
Rob: Sasha's bisexual best friend in college. Survives a suicide attempt but drowns while swimming with Sasha's boyfriend months later.
Bosco: Guitarist. Once a rockstar in The Conduits, later an overweight cancer survivor with health problems.
Alex: Went on a date and slept with Sasha in their twenties, later marries Rebecca and has a daughter Cara-Ann. Does a job for Bennie, secretly advertising Scotty's show.
Rhea: Friend of Jocelyn, Scotty, and Bennie in their youth, harrowingly insecure and a member of the punk scene in San Francisco.
Jocelyn: Dated (middle-aged) Lou when they were teenager. Later visits Lou as they are dying.
Drew: Sasha's boyfriend in college. Present when Rob drowns. They and Sasha re-connect years later, get married and have two children, and move to the desert.  They are a doctor.
Ted: Sasha's uncle, an art history professor, who goes looking for them while they are in Naples.
Alison: Drew and Sasha's daughter.
Linc: Drew and Sasha's son who has autism.
Alice: one of Bennie's high school friends whom both they and Scotty had a crush on; married and divorced Scotty
Themes
"Goon squads" were originally groups of violent thugs sent to assault workers who tried to form labor unions. Later the term "goon" came to refer more generally to any violent thug, and this is where the book draws its central metaphor. In one story, a character named Bosco declares: "Time's a goon, right?", referring to the way that time and fate cruelly rob most of the book's characters of their youth, innocence and success. As Bosco complains: "How did I go from being a rock star to being a fat fuck no one cares about?" Some of the book's characters do end up finding happiness, but it is always a limited happiness, and it is rarely in the form they sought. In an interview, Egan explained that "time is the stealth goon, the one you ignore because you are so busy worrying about the goons right in front of you."
Many of the book's characters work in the rock music business. Rock and roll, with its emphasis on youth culture, plays into the book's themes of aging and the loss of innocence. As Egan says, "my 9-year-old loves Lady Gaga and refers to Madonna as ‘old school'. There's no way to avoid becoming part of the past." Rock music was also central to the marketing push behind the book, although the actual text does not focus directly on musicians or music making. Egan said they knew rock and roll only as a consumer at the time they began writing the book and had to do a lot of research on the subject.
Egan said the story was inspired by two sources: Proust's In Search of Lost Time, and HBO's The Sopranos. It is a novel of memory and kinship, continuity, and disconnection.
Reception
Honors
The novel won both the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and the National Book Critics Circle Award for Fiction. The Pulitzer Prize Board noted that the novel was an "inventive investigation of growing up and growing old in the digital age, displaying a big-hearted curiosity about cultural change at warp speed".
Critical reception
In commenting on their Pulitzer, NPR critic Jonathan Bastian noted that "Egan is one of the most recent and successful examples of a trend that has been steadily seeping into the world of contemporary literature." The unusual format of the novel, taking place across multiple platforms, has led some critics to label the novel "post-postmodern". Many critics were impressed by Egan's experiments with structure, such as a section formatted like a PowerPoint printout.
In 2019, The Guardian ranked A Visit from the Goon Squad as the 24th best book since 2000. It was third place (along with Colson Whitehead's The Underground Railroad) in a Literary Hub list of the best books of the 2010s, one of the 10 books in Time's list of the best fiction works of the 2010s, and first place in Entertainment Weekly's list concerning the same period, with Leah Greenblatt calling it "a book as rich and resonant as any linear classic in the canon."
Adaptation
Two days after the Pulitzer Prize announcement, it was announced that a deal with HBO for a television series adaptation had been signed. However, after two years the proposal had been dropped.
References
External links
Review by Ron Charles, The Washington Post, June 16, 2010
Review by Janet Maslin, ''The New York Times Book Review, June 20, 2010
2010 American novels
Pulitzer Prize for Fiction-winning works
Novels set in New York City
Novels set in California
Novels set in Italy
Novels set in Africa
2010 short story collections
Novels about music
Alfred A. Knopf books
PEN/Faulkner Award for Fiction-winning works
Nonlinear narrative novels
National Book Critics Circle Award-winning works
Charles A. Baumhauer (August 16, 1889 – June 22, 1982) was a Mobile, Alabama-area community leader and politician who served several terms on the Mobile City Commission as well as several terms as mayor of Mobile. All of their terms as mayor were when the title was co-extensive with the presidency of the City Commission. They were defeated for re-election in 1953 by Joseph N. Langan.
References
External links
World Statesmen list of Mayors of Mobile
1889 births
1982 deaths
Mayors of Mobile, Alabama
20th-century American politicians
Berić () is a Serbo-Croatian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Aleksandar Berić (1906–1941), Yugoslav military officer
Miroslav Berić (born 1973), Serbian basketball player
Robert Berić, Slovenian footballer
See also
Berović
Serbian surnames
Bepanaah is a 1985 Indian Hindi-language film directed by Jagdish Sidana, starring Shashi Kapoor, Mithun Chakraborty, Poonam Dhillon, Rati Agnihotri, Suresh Oberoi, Madan Puri, Kader Khan in pivotal roles.
Summary
Bajrang, a naive youngster from a small village finds themselves exploited when they reach Bombay, but they are happy as they meet Bhavna Bhardwaj and falls in love with them But Bhavna loves Ravi Malhotra, a CBI Officer. Bhavna and Ravi get intimate, but circumstances separates them. Now Bhavna is pregnant and delivers Ravi's son and names them Rohit. As Bhavna is unable to reveal the name of Ravi, Bajrang rescues them to by giving them their family name. But what would happen to Bhavna, when they know that Bajrang is now a gangster? Moreover, Ravi is now married to Radha. Does Ravi know the truth? What would happen to Bhavna and would Ravi nab Bajrang forms the climax.
Cast
Shashi Kapoor as CID Inspector Ravi Malhotra
Mithun Chakraborty as Bajrang aka Babua
Poonam Dhillon as Radha Malhotra
Rati Agnihotri as Advocate Bhavna Bharadwaj
Suresh Oberoi as Akbar Lala (Truck Driver)
Madan Puri (Voiced by Amrish Puri) as Advocate Devilal
Kader Khan as Dayashankar "Daddu"
Dheeraj Kumar as Sheshnag
Sharat Saxena as Ujagar Singh
Satyen Kappu as Advocate Pratap Narayan Singh
Paintal as Dasbihari Brahmachari
Gajanan Jagirdar as Brahmprakash Bharadwaj
Brahmachari as Jailor Yusuf Khan
Mazhar Khan as Jack
Gurbachan Singh as Babu
Jankidas as Judge
Guddi Maruti as Customer in the restaurant
C.S. Dubey as the man who misleads Bhavna in the court
Soundtrack
Box office
The film was an average in box office and twenty second highest-grossing movie of 1985.
References
External links
1985 films
1980s Hindi-language films
Indian action films
Films scored by Khayyam
1985 action films
Hindi-language action films
Exhibition of Leningrad artists of 1960 () become one of the largest Soviet Art Exhibition of 1960 year. The Exhibition took place in State Russian Museum.
History and Organization
For the organization and preparation of Exhibition of 1960 was formed specially Exhibition Committee which consisted of 49 the most authoritative art-experts. Exhibition Catalog was published. In total, the Exhibition displayed almost 950 works of art of painters, sculptors, graphics, artists of theater and cinema, masters of arts and crafts. At whole Exhibition attended over 600 artists of the Leningrad.
Contributing Artists
In the largest Department of Painting were exhibited art works of 295 authors. There were Piotr Alberti, Evgenia Antipova, Taisia Afonina, Vsevolod Bazhenov, Irina Baldina, Nikolai Baskakov, Leonid Baykov, Yuri Belov, Piotr Belousov, Zlata Bizova, Mikhail Bobyshov, Olga Bogaevskaya, Lev Bogomolets, Nikolai Brandt, Dmitry Buchkin, Piotr Buchkin, Vladimir Chekalov, Sergei Frolov, Nikolai Galakhov, Ivan Godlevsky, Vladimir Gorb, Elena Gorokhova, Abram Grushko, Oleg Eremeev, Alexei Eriomin, Mikhail Kaneev, Engels Kozlov, Marina Kozlovskaya, Tatiana Kopnina, Maya Kopitseva, Boris Korneev, Alexander Koroviakov, Elena Kostenko, Nikolai Kostrov, Anna Kostrova, Gevork Kotiantz, Vladimir Krantz, Yaroslav Krestovsky, Valeria Larina, Boris Lavrenko, Ivan Lavsky, Anatoli Levitin, Piotr Litvinsky, Oleg Lomakin, Dmitry Maevsky, Gavriil Malish, Evsey Moiseenko, Nikolai Mukho, Andrei Mylnikov, Vera Nazina, Mikhail Natarevich, Anatoli Nenartovich, Samuil Nevelshtein, Dmitry Oboznenko, Vladimir Ovchinnikov, Vecheslav Ovchinnikov, Sergei Osipov, Filaret Pakun, Genrikh Pavlovsky, Varlen Pen, Nikolai Pozdneev, Stepan Privedentsev, Alexander Pushnin, Lev Russov, Galina Rumiantseva, Maria Rudnitskaya, Ivan Savenko, Vladimir Sakson, Gleb Savinov, Alexander Samokhvalov, Alexander Semionov, Arseny Semionov, Yuri Shablikin, Boris Shamanov, Alexander Shmidt, Nadezhda Shteinmiller, Elena Skuin, Galina Smirnova, Alexander Sokolov, Alexander Stolbov, Victor Teterin, Nikolai Timkov, Mikhail Tkachev, Leonid Tkachenko, Mikhail Trufanov, Yuri Tulin, Boris Ugarov, Ivan Varichev, Anatoli Vasiliev, Valery Vatenin, Nina Veselova, Rostislav Vovkushevsky, German Yegoshin, Vecheslav Zagonek, Sergei Zakharov, Ruben Zakharian, Elena Zhukova, and others most prominent painters of the Leningrad School.
In the Department of Sculptures were exhibited art works of 149 sculptors. Department of graphics presented a creation of 117 artists.
Contributed Artworks
For the Exhibition were selected art works created in 1959-1960, also some earlier works. All they were exhibited in the first time. Some of them were subsequently found in the collections of Soviet Art museums, as well as domestic and foreign galleries and collectors.
Historical painting was presented of "Homecoming" by Zlata Bizova, "Victory Salute in Moscow" by Mikhail Bobyshov, "Melodies Caucasus" by Nikolai Brandt, "A Letter from Motherland" by Vladimir Chekalov, "Sons of the Russia" by Oleg Eremeev, "Rummage" by Mikhail Kaneev, "Lenin and Komsomols" by Marc Klionsky, "In 1941 year", "Missing in action" by Boris Lavrenko, "Private soldier of October Revolution" by Anatoli Levitin, "Listen to Lenin" by Piotr Litvinsky, "A new host" by Oleg Lomakin, "Seeing" by Galina Rumiantseva, "Spring of the Great Break" by Alexander Sokolov, "Appeal of Hiroshima" by Leonid Tkachenko, "Tale about Siege of Leningrad" by Yuri Tulin, "Stepan Razin", "The Builders of the Volkhov Hydroelectric Station" by Boris Ugarov, "In the mansion of Mathilde Kschessinska" by Anatoli Vasiliev, "Where is the truth?" by Nina Veselova, and others.
Portrait was presented of "Natasha", "Girl on the stone" by Irina Baldina, "Governess" by Nikolai Baskakov, "Portrait of A. Belova" by Yuri Belov, "Portrait of Daughter" by Olga Bogaevskaya, "Portrait of sculptor Igor Krestovsky", "Portrait of actor Alexandra Zavialova" by Piotr Buchkin, "Ship Repairers" by Engels Kozlov, "Portrait of a factory worker N. Shilina" by Marina Kozlovskaya, "A Workwoman", "Katya Baltina, from a team of workers finishers" by Boris Korneev, "Portrait of A. Shennikov, academician" by Elena Kostenko, "Portrait of Scientist", "Portrait of V. Rudenko, worker of Kirov Plant" by Valeria Larina, "A Loader", "Portrait of N. Laskovskaya" by Anatoli Levitin, "Miner", "Portrait of actor Leonid Vivien", "Female portrait", "Young Mainer", "A Head of Miner", "Portrait of student" by Mikhail Trufanov, "Portrait of Dombrovsky, diver of the Baltic Fleet" by Anatoli Vasiliev, "Mikhail Dolgov, chairperson of the kolkhoz" by Nina Veselova, and others.
Genre painting was presented of "Asphalting" by Piotr Alberti, "At the St Peter and Paul Fortress" by Evgenia Antipova, "Spring in kolkhoz", "Return of the Herd" by Leonid Baykov, "From school to the work" by Nikolai Baskakov, "Launching of the tanker "Beijing"" by Vsevolod Bazhenov, "Guests" by Olga Bogaevskaya, "Fishermen's Island" by Lev Bogomolets, "Grain growers" by Piotr Buchkin, "On the roads of Karelia" by Nikolai Galakhov, "Farewell" by Elena Gorokhova, "Enthusiasts" by Oleg Eremeev, "Geologists" by Alexei Eriomin, "Girls" by Tatiana Kopnina, "Three" by Maya Kopitseva, "Development of the North" by Boris Korneev, "The Factory district", "Kindergarten" by Alexander Koroviakov, "To the new edge" by Anatoli Levitin, "Quiet time" by Galina Rumiantseva, "Timber rafting in Arkhangelsk", "Timber Storage" by Yuri Shablikin, "Forging shop" by Nadezhda Shteinmiller, "Road Builders" by Victor Teterin, "Here will be a road" by Mikhail Tkachev, "Seamstresses" by Valery Vatenin, "Spring of drivers" by Nina Veselova, and others.
Landscape and Cityscape were presented of "Blue Night", "After the rain" by Taisia Afonina, "Neva industrial" by Vsevolod Bazhenov, "Kirov Stadium in Leningrad", "Moscow Kremlin in winter" by Mikhail Bobyshov, "A Morning", "Storm" by Lev Bogomolets, "Summer Morning" by Nikolai Brandt, "Summer" by Dmitry Buchkin, "Northern Spring", "A Village in Siberia" by Nikolai Galakhov, "On the Volkhov River", "Rostov The Great", "Bridge over Velikaya River" by Ivan Godlevsky, "In South-East Crimea", "Crimea. At the old brook" by Vladimir Gorb, "April Day" by Abram Grushko, "Lanskoy Highway" by Marina Kozlovskaya, "After the rain" by Vladimir Krantz, "At the Vasilievsky Island" by Yaroslav Krestovsky, "On the Neva River" by Ivan Lavsky, "Boats on the shore" by Yuri Shablikin, "Summer Garden in October" by Alexander Shmidt, "Spring in the Garden", "White Night in Khibiny" by Boris Shamanov, "Twilight", "Winter day", "Bridge over canal", "Yacht-club" by Nadezhda Shteinmiller, "Circus in Winter" by Alexander Stolbov, "In Sunny Day" by Victor Teterin, "Mach Sun", "Early Spring", "Aspen in winter", "Turns green", "Evening. The Lilac hour", "October. The First Snow" by Nikolai Timkov, "Park" by Yuri Tulin, "First Snow", "Herd", "A Village on the Angara River", "Baykal Lake" by Ivan Varichev, "A Midday", "After the rain", "Novgorod evening" by Rostislav Vovkushevsky, "Krukov Canal in Leningrad", "Moyka River" by German Yegoshin, "Morning", "Baykal motive", "On the shore of Angara River" by Vecheslav Zagonek, "Spring on Malaya Okhta", "On the Msta River", "Winter" by Sergei Zakharov, "Yachts at a mooring", "Yachts go to the Seaside" by Elena Zhukova, and others.
Still life paintings were presented of "Still life" by Evgenia Antipova, "Karelian Still life" by Irina Baldina, "Still life" by Olga Bogaevskaya, "Oranges, Lemons, and Pineapple" by Vladimir Gorb, "Young Apple Tree", "Bananas", "Potato. Still life", "Autumn Bird Cherry", "Tea-table" by Maya Kopitseva, "Wildflowers", "Quince and Grapes", "Apple-tree branch", "Autumn Bouquet", "Peaches and melons" by Victor Teterin, "Red and White flowers" by Nina Veselova, "Gifts of the land" by Rostislav Vovkushevsky, "Still life" by Ruben Zakharian, "Still life" by Sergei Zakharov, and others.
Acknowledgment
Exhibition of the Leningrad artists of 1960 was widely covered in press and in literature on Soviet fine art.
See also
Fine Art of Leningrad
Leningrad School of Painting
1960 in fine arts of the Soviet Union
Saint Petersburg Union of Artists
Socialist realism
References
Sources
Выставка произведений ленинградских художников 1960 года. Л., Художник РСФСР, 1961.
Борис Васильевич Корнеев. Каталог выставки произведений. Автор вст. ст. Н. Г. Леонова. Л., Художник РСФСР, 1975. С.6, 15, 20, 37.
Справочник членов Ленинградской организации Союза художников РСФСР. Л., Художник РСФСР, 1980.
Художники народов СССР. Биобиблиографический словарь. Т.1-4. М., Искусство, 1970-1995.
Справочник членов Союза художников СССР. Т.1-2. М., Советский художник, 1979.
Олег Леонидович Ломакин. Автор вст. ст. Н. Г. Моисеева. Л., Художник РСФСР, 1991. С.17, 43.
Хроника узловых событий художественной жизни России 1960-1980-х годов // Time for Change. The Art of 1960-1985 in the Soviet Union. Saint Petersburg, State Russian Museum, 2006.
Sergei V. Ivanov. Unknown Socialist Realism. The Leningrad School. Saint Petersburg, NP-Print Edition, 2007. P.393, 416, 442. ,
Юбилейный Справочник выпускников Санкт-Петербургского академического института живописи, скульптуры и архитектуры имени И. Е. Репина Российской Академии художеств. 1915—2005. Санкт Петербург, «Первоцвет», 2007.
Левитин А., Тригалёва Н. Портрет художника на фоне эпохи. СПб., Левша, 2014. С.137-141.
External links
Art exhibitions in Russia
1960 works
1960 in the Soviet Union
Soviet art
Socialist realism
Massimo Donati (born 18 January 1967) is an Italian former professional racing cyclist. They rode in four editions of the Tour de France and one edition of the Giro d'Italia.
Major results
1999
Gran Premio Città di Camaiore
Coppa Ugo Agostoni
2001
Giro del Lazio
Major competition results
References
External links
1967 births
Living people
Italian male cyclists
Cyclists from Tuscany
Sportspeople from the Province of Pisa
The Treaty of Fort Stanwix was a treaty finalized on October 22, 1784, between the United States and Native Americans from the six nations of the Iroquois League. It was signed at Fort Stanwix, in present-day Rome, New York, and was the first of several treaties between Native Americans and the United States after the American victory in the Revolutionary War.
Following the Revolutionary War, the British ceded their claims in North America to the American government, against the desire of their Native American allies. As a result, the status of Indian lands was ignored in the Treaty of Paris, which was the peace and land settlement between the British and the American colonies. Iroquois League fled to Canada after the Revolution in order to continue receiving British support. Later, some of the Iroquois returned to their home in the Ohio region. Those that returned often got into violent conflict with colonists trying to settle the area. The Treaty of Fort Stanwix was intended to serve as a peace treaty between the Americans and the Iroquois, as well as secure other Indian lands farther west, which the Iroquois had gained by conquest during the Beaver Wars in the last century. Joseph Brant was the leading Indian at the start of negotiations. They said, "But we must observe to you, that we are sent in order to make peace, and that we are not authorized, to stipulate any particular cession of lands." Brant had to leave early for a planned trip to England. The leading Indian representatives who signed the treaty were Cornplanter and Captain Aaron Hill. In this treaty, the Iroquois Confederacy ceded all claims to the Ohio territory, a strip of land along the Niagara river and all land west of mouth of Buffalo creek. In Pennsylvania, the land acquired in this treaty is known as the "Last Purchase".
The Six Nations council at Buffalo Creek refused to ratify the treaty, denying that their delegates had the power to give away such large tracts of land and asked the Americans for return of the deeds and promised to indemnify them for any presents they had given. The general Indian confederacy also disavowed the treaty because most of the Six Nations did not live in the Ohio territory. The Ohio Country natives, including the Shawnee Indians, the Seneca-Cayuga, the Lenape (Delaware) and several other tribes, rejected the treaty. A series of treaties and land sales with these tribes soon followed:
1785 Treaty of Fort McIntosh with Wyandotte, Delaware, Chippewa and Ottawa leaders for lands in Ohio
1786 Treaty of Fort Finney with Shawnee leaders for portions of Ohio
1788 Phelps and Gorham Purchase with the Iroquois for lands in New York State east of the Genesee River
1789 Treaty of Fort Harmar reiterating claims in Ohio
1794 Treaty of Canandaigua establishing peace with the Iroquois and affirming lands rights in New York State east of the Genesee River
1797 Treaty of Big Tree with the Iroquois for lands in New York State west of the Genesee River
The Treaty of Fort Stanwix was a significant blow to the Iroquois League. The Revolutionary War had significantly weakened the strength of the confederacy, and the negotiations at the Treaty of Fort Stanwix served to further divide them. After the war, the Iroquois never returned to their former influential status.
See also
Haldimand Proclamation
Footnotes
References
Hauptman, Laurence M., Conspiracy of Interests: Iroquois Dispossession and the Rise of New York State,2001,
Kelsay, Isabel, Joseph Brant 1743-1807 Man of Two Worlds, 1984,
Manley, Henry S., The Treaty of Fort Stanwix, 1784, 1932,
External links
Text of the 1784 treaty
History of Pennsylvania
Iroquois
Northwest Indian War
Fort Stanwix
1784 in the United States
Fort Stanwix
Fort Stanwix
Aboriginal title in New York
Native American history of Pennsylvania
The York Dispatch Newspaper Offices is a historic commercial building located at York, Pennsylvania, York County, Pennsylvania. It was built in 1887, and is a four-story, four bay brick building in the Italianate Revival style used as the offices of The York Dispatch. The building consists of two independent sections connected by an overhead walkway. The front facade is built of cast iron and pressed metal and features decorative pilasters and long, slender windows.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in York County, Pennsylvania
References
Newspaper headquarters in the United States
Newspaper buildings
Cast-iron architecture in the United States
Commercial buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Pennsylvania
Italianate architecture in Pennsylvania
Commercial buildings completed in 1887
Buildings and structures in York, Pennsylvania
National Register of Historic Places in York County, Pennsylvania
Bettina Hoppe (born 21 May 1974) is a German actor.
Career
Hoppe received their acting training from 1996 to 2000 at the Berlin University of the Arts. After completing their studies, they worked at the Deutsches Theater Berlin from 2000 to 2001 and at the Maxim-Gorki-Theater from 2001 to 2006. They were a permanent member of the ensemble at the Schaubühne Berlin from 2006 to 2009, Schauspiel Frankfurt from 2009 to 2014, and since 2017 at the Berliner Ensemble. For their portrayal of Cäcilie in Goethe's Stella, they were honored as best actor at the Hessische Theatertage in 2011 and was nominated for the Der Faust theatre prize. Bettina Hoppe lives with their partner, the writer Judith Schalansky, and the daughter in Berlin.
Personal life
Hoppe currently lives in Berlin with their partner, writer Judith Schalansky. On 5 February 2021, they were one of the 185 signatories of the #ActOut manifesto.
References
External links
1974 births
Living people
People from Nairobi
German film actores
German stage actores
German television actores
20th-century German actores
21st-century German actores
German lesbian actores
LGBT actors from Germany
21st-century LGBT people
USS LST-473 was a United States Navy used in the Asiatic-Pacific Theater during World War II. As with many of their class, the ship was never named. Instead, they were referred to by their hull designation.
Construction
LST-473 was laid down on 10 July 1942, under Maritime Commission (MARCOM) contract, MC hull 993, by Kaiser Shipyards, Vancouver, Washington; launched 9 December 1942; and commissioned on 16 March 1943.
Service history
During World War II, LST-473 was assigned to the Asiatic-Pacific theater and participated in the following operations: the Lae occupation in September 1943; the Leyte operation in October 1944; the Lingayen Gulf landings in January 1945; the Zambales-Subic Bay operation in January 1945; and the Mindanao Island landings in March 1945.
LST-473 returned to the United States and was decommissioned on 18 March 1946. They were struck from the Navy list on 17 April, that same year. On 21 April 1948, the tank landing ship was sold to Hughes Bros., Inc., New York City, and subsequently scrapped.
Honors and awards
LST-473 earned five battle stars for their service in World War II.
See also
List of United States Navy LSTs
List of United States Navy losses in World War II
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
Online resources
External links
1942 ships
Ships built in Vancouver, Washington
World War II amphibious warfare vessels of the United States
LST-1-class tank landing ships of the United States Navy
S3-M2-K2 ships
Umezawa (written: or ) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:
, Japanese scientist
, Japanese manga artist
, Japanese physicist
, Japanese fencer
, Japanese footballer
, Japanese footballer
, Japanese samurai and general
, Japanese sprint canoeist
, Japanese Go player
Japanese-language surnames
Abdul Rahman is an Afghan cricketer. They made their first-class debut for Boost Region in the 2017–18 Ahmad Shah Abdali 4-day Tournament on 7 December 2017. They made their List A debut for Herat Province in the 2019 Afghanistan Provincial Challenge Cup tournament on 1 August 2019.
References
External links
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Afghan cricketers
Boost Defenders cricketers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Dlouhá Ves may refer to places in the Czech Republic:
Dlouhá Ves (Havlíčkův Brod District), a municipality and village in the Vysočina Region
Dlouhá Ves (Klatovy District), a municipality and village in the Plzeň Region
Dlouhá Ves, a village and part of Holčovice in the Moravian-Silesian Region
Dlouhá Ves, a village and part of Hynčina in the Olomouc Region
Dlouhá Ves, a village and part of Rychnov nad Kněžnou in the Hradec Králové Region
Dlouhá Ves, a village and part of Truskovice in the South Bohemian Region
Dlouhá Ves, a village and part of Vrchoslavice in the Olomouc Region
Richard Konwiarz (15 February 1883 – 14 December 1960) was a German architect. They were born in Tschempin and died in Hanover.
In 1932 they won a bronze medal in the art competitions of the Olympic Games for their design of the "Schlesierkampfbahn" in the Sport Park of Breslau.
In the years 1952 to 1954 they constructed in cooperation with Heinz Goesmann the Niedersachsenstadion in Hanover. Meanwhile, it is rebuilt and modified and called by its sponsor AWD-Arena.
References
External links
profile
1883 births
1960 deaths
20th-century German architects
Olympic bronze medalists in art competitions
Medalists at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Olympic competitors in art competitions
Shiva-Shakti is a 1988 Indian action drama film directed by Anand. It starred Shatrughan Sinha, Govinda, Anupam Kher, Kimi Katkar and Anita Raj.
Plot
Shiva wants to collect money for their sister marriage and goes out of the town. They befriend with Shakti and Shakti falls in love with Shiva's sister Kusum. While they get pregnant, Shiva vows to kill their friend.
Cast
Shatrughan Sinha as Shiva
Govinda as Shakti
Kimi Katkar as Kusum
Anita Raj as Dolly
Anupam Kher as D. C.
Gulshan Grover as Jangha
Shiva as Girja
Goga Kapoor as Goga Thakur
Leela Mishra as Rampyari
Ashok Saraf as Karim
Birbal as Gullu
Dinesh Hingoo as Shiva's Boss
Yunus Parvez as Biharilal
Tiku Talsania as Inspector Waghmare
Songs
"Dekh Le Zara" - Alisha Chinai
"Holi Main Dil Se Dil Mila Lo" - Alka Yagnik & Mohammed Aziz
"Peechha Na Chhodoongi" - Alka Yagnik & Kishore Kumar
"Mehfil Mein Hum Kya Aaye" - Alka Yagnik & Shatrughan Sinha
"Mere Dil Ne Tujhe Chaha" - Kavita Krishnamurthy and Suresh Wadkar
"Mere Dil Ne Tujhe Chaha" (sad) - Kavita Krishnamurthy and Suresh Wadkar
"Teri Tarah To Mehfil Mein" - Alka Yagnik and Kishore Kumar
External links
References
1980s Hindi-language films
1988 films
Films scored by Anand–Milind
Indian action drama films
The Marañón spinetail (Synallaxis maranonica) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is found in Ecuador and Peru. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
Marañón spinetail
Birds of the Ecuadorian Andes
Birds of the Peruvian Andes
Critically endangered animals
Critically endangered biota of South America
Marañón spinetail
Marañón spinetail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Grangeville is an unincorporated community in St. Helena Parish, Louisiana, United States. The community is located northwest of Pine Grove and west of Montpelier.
Etymology
In 1916 the New Orleans, Natalbany and Natchez Railway built a line that terminated in the community. The railroad was being used for transporting local timber southeast to a large sawmill in Natalbany. A local barn was converted into a cooperative business that housed a general store, blacksmith, two doctors, a pharmacy and a brickyard. The railroad named the community after the barn that was converted into a store. The name of the community is borrowed from the word grange which means 'barn' and is derived from Old French.
References
Unincorporated communities in St. Helena Parish, Louisiana
Unincorporated communities in Louisiana
Ski Brule is a ski area located in Stambaugh Township, Iron County, near Iron River, Michigan. Ski Brule has seventeen ski runs and eleven ski lifts. The trails include one double black diamond, three black diamonds, six blue squares, five green circles, and a 30-acre terrain park consisting of two trails. All lifts converge at the same general point on the hill and the runs spread out and around the mountain.
References
Ski areas and resorts in Michigan
Tourist attractions in Iron County, Michigan
Discobitch is a French electronic music project founded by Kylian Mash with Laurent Konrad.
Their first and only single, "C'est beau la bourgeoisie", was a successful club single in a number of European countries. It was number 2 in France and Belgium (Flanders), number 4 in Belgium (Wallonia), number 19 in Switzerland and number 61 in Germany. It earned a gold disc in Belgium.
Singles
References
External links
MySpace.com - Kylian Mash / Discobitch
MySpace.com - Laurent Konrad / DiscoBitch
French electronic music groups
Tragedy Girls is a 2017 American comedy horror film directed by Tyler MacIntyre, written by Chris Lee Hill and MacIntyre, and starring Alexandra Shipp, Brianna Hildebrand, Josh Hutcherson, Craig Robinson, Kevin Durand and Jack Quaid. It was released on October 20, 2017, by Gunpowder & Sky.
Plot
High school seniors McKayla Hooper and Sadie Cunningham live in the Midwestern town of Rosedale and run a true crime blog called Tragedy Girls. They are willing to do anything to get more followers. They use their friend Craig as bait to capture serial killer Lowell Orson Lehmann and ask them to aid them, but they refuse. The two decide to keep them captive, commit murders themselves and use Lehmann as a fall guy. The next day, Craig is missing, presumed to have run away. McKayla, Sadie, and their friend Jordan attempt to convince Rosedale that there is a serial killer running loose, but they only earn the ire of Jordan's father, Sheriff Welch. When McKayla's ex-boyfriend Toby amasses more followers on Twitter than the girls, McKayla and Sadie kill him. Their death is ruled an accident, enraging the two girls.
They next kill cheerleading captain Syl and cut their body into pieces in order to ensure that their death is ruled a homicide. At Syl's memorial service, a local firefighter, Big Al, vows to catch the killer. Meanwhile, Lehmann attempts to turn McKayla against Sadie by convincing them that Sadie will use them to do the dirty work and take all of the credit. The girls plot to kill Big Al while they work out at the gym. Big Al fights back, but the two narrowly manage to stab them and decapitate them with a bench press. Afterwards, Jordan arrives and reveals they have stolen the serial killer case files from their father.
Mayor Campbell calls an emergency town meeting, and McKayla and Sadie rile the townspeople into turning against local law enforcement by showing them to be incompetent, including sending the people of the town a picture of Big Al's severed head. They hold a march in defiance of the killer. However, Lehmann escapes and murders Mayor Campbell. Jordan has a falling out with McKayla and Sadie and leaves them, in support of their father. An enraged McKayla discovers Jordan has stolen a phone belonging to them that has videos of the murders, and goads Sadie into heading to Jordan's house to kill him. Jordan reveals that they broke into the school and stole McKayla's psychological profile; they suspect them of being the killer. They are interrupted when Lehmann breaks into the Welch residence and brutally stabs Jordan. McKayla awakens the sleeping Sheriff Welch by breaking their window; they drive Lehmann off and saves Jordan. Sadie takes the opportunity to destroy McKayla's stolen phone.
Two weeks later, Sadie is publicly honored by Welch; they do not acknowledge McKayla in their speech. The two have a falling out. Prom arrives; Sadie goes with Jordan as their date, while McKayla teams up with Lehmann. After killing their teacher, McKayla confronts Sadie. Unaware that Jordan is listening, they recount how they murdered Jordan's mother as children. Jordan attempts to flee with Sadie to safety, but they are cornered by Lehmann and McKayla. Lehmann attempts to attack Sadie, but is stopped by McKayla. They turn on her, and McKayla pulls out a gun and shoots Lehmann dead. The girls reconcile, hang Jordan, and – after chain-locking the doors shut – start a fire in the gymnasium that traps and kills 124 prom-goers. In the aftermath, Lehmann is shown to have been blamed for the murders. A grieving Welch resigns as sheriff to focus on charity work, while McKayla and Sadie head off to college to start a new chapter in their lives, as though nothing had happened.
Cast
Release
Tragedy Girls premiered at South by Southwest on March 12, 2017. On July 31, 2017, Gunpowder & Sky acquired distribution rights to the film. The studio released it on October 20, 2017.
Reception
The film has received positive reviews. On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 84% based on 73 reviews, with an average rating of 7/10. The website's critical consensus states, "Tragedy Girls injects familiar teen tropes with just enough up-to-the-minute commentary — and pitch-black humor — to work as an irreverently entertaining diversion."
References
External links
2017 films
2017 comedy horror films
2010s buddy comedy films
2010s female buddy films
2010s high school films
2010s serial killer films
2010s teen comedy films
2010s teen horror films
American buddy comedy films
American comedy horror films
American female buddy films
American high school films
American serial killer films
American teen comedy films
American teen horror films
Films about social media
2010s English-language films
Films set in the United States
Films shot in Kentucky
2010s American films
Los Cancajos is a small tourist resort in the Canarian island of La Palma. Its resident population is 713 (2013). It is located in the municipality of Breña Baja on the east coast of La Palma, between the island capital, Santa Cruz de La Palma, and La Palma Airport.
History
The area used to be dominated by salt pans, which fell into disuse, leaving a large, flat area, and was designated for a tourist resort in the 1980s.
Tourism
Los Cancajos has several small beaches of black sand, protected by artificial breakwaters, with some rocky coves and headlands, and a palm-tree lined promenade along the shore. As of 2013, there were 3,724 beds in hotels and tourist apartments in the municipality of Breña Baja (most of which are situated in Los Cancajos), making up about one third of all accommodation on the island.
Climate
Los Cancajos has a hot semi-arid climate which is heavily influenced by the Atlantic Ocean. The following climate chart is from the La Palma Airport, located 2 km south of Los Cancajos:
References
Populated places in La Palma
Beaches of the Canary Islands
Aşık Veysel Meslek Yüksekokulu (en. Vocational High School of Aşık Veysel) is a higher education provider vocational school in Şarkışla the district of Sivas Province in Turkey.
It was established in 1994, and affiliated to Sivas Cumhuriyet University. The school was named after the folk poet Aşık Veysel. It serves approximately over 700 students every year.
Address
Yıldırım neighbourhood district, Hospital Street, 58400 Şarkışla/Sivas
Transport
Âşık Veysel Vocational School is located right across the Şarkışla State Hospital.
Departments
Banks and insurance companies,
Financial management,
Office management,
Child development,
Pharmacy services,
Public relations,
Veterinary laboratory.
Research areas
Practice-based research is given importance in the school, e.g. studies on poultry have made important contributions in this field. Furtherly studies have been made about "Attitude for Plastic Wastes and Recycling". However, there are also studies based on theoretical or historical data. Important studies have been made on the accounting system of Sumerians.
Student Dormitory
There is a state dormitory consisting of 4 blocks.
Events
A commemorated ceremony for folk poet Aşık Veysel is held every year on March 21, the anniversary of the poet's death. Students are transported to Sivrialan village by vehicles. The students sing their songs in choir. It has become a tradition to cut a cake and sing folk songs in the school building on Aşık Veysel's birthday.
International cooperation
A commemoration was held every year for Turkish-based Dutch painter Seyfeddin Soysal (died in 2012). Students from Denmark's Marselisborg Gymnasium visited the school in March 2010.
Sources
Cumhuriyet Üniversitesi - 2018 yılı faaliyet raporu / Cumhuriyet University - 2018 annual activity report (Turkish)
Aşık Veysel Meslek Yüksekokulu Tanıtım Broşürü / Aşık Veysel Vocational School Publicity Brochure, 2019 (Turkish)
See also
Aşık Veysel
References
External links
Aşık Veysel Meslek Yüksekokulu - Official Website
Aşık Veysel MYO - Photos (High resolution)
Aşık Veysel MYO - Logos (High resolution)
Âşık Veysel Commemorated on Their Birthday (Cumhuriyet Üniversitesi, 31/10/2018)
Knowledge competition was organized (Newspaper İrade, 21/06/2019)
"Teaching Materials" exhibition opened (Haber7, 31/05/2018 Source: Anadolu Agency)
Sivas Province
Education in Sivas
Bright St. Vincents is an Irish basketball team based in Dublin. The team competes in the Super League and plays its home games in St. Vincents Sports Complex, Glasnevin.
History
Basketball was first introduced in a school yard of St. Vincent's C.B.S. by Brother O'Farrell in 1958. The sport took off in 1961, and in September 1962, St. Vincent's Basketball Club registered with the ABBA. The Irish National League was created in 1973, with St. Vincent's winning their first league title in 1979. The team won two more league titles in 1993–94 and 2005–06. The team also won National Cup titles in 1984, 1993 and 1994. In 1999, the team won their fifth National Championship.
For the 2000–01 season, the team was known as O'Hagan Saints. For the 2002–03 season, the team was known as Irish Travel Partner Saints. Then between 2004 and 2006, the team donned they name of Roma St. Vincent's. The team became known as DCU Saints for the 2007–08 season after moving out of the gymnasium of St. Vincent's C.B.S. and into the Dublin City University Sports Complex.
In 2021, St Vincents began a new sponsorship arrangement with Bright Motors. Bright Motors is the current named sponsor of the team.
Achievements
3× Irish National League champions: 1979, 1994, 2006
3× Irish National Cup champions: 1984, 1993, 1994
References
External links
Basketball teams in County Dublin
Super League (Ireland) teams
Sport at Dublin City University
Laal Ishq may refer to:
"Laal Ishq" (song), a Hindi song from the 2013 Bollywood film Goliyon Ki Raasleela Ram-Leela
Laal Ishq (Pakistani TV series), a 2017 Pakistani drama serial
Laal Ishq (Indian TV series), a 2018 Indian Hindi romantic/horror television series
Laal Ishq (film), a 2016 Indian Marathi-language romance mystery thriller film
The Duonagao Suspension Bridge () is a suspension bridge in Maolin District, Kaohsiung, Taiwan.
History
The bridge has been an important infrastructure for the Rukai people since the Japanese rule of Taiwan. It underwent maintenance which was completed on 17 February 2015.
Architecture
The head of the bridge is decorated with Rukai totems and decorations. The bridge can carry a maximum load of 100 people at a given time. It spans over 232 meters length which crosses the Zhuokou River and has a clearance of 103 meters below it.
See also
List of bridges in Taiwan
References
Buildings and structures in Kaohsiung
Suspension bridges in Taiwan
Tourist attractions in Kaohsiung
The Emory & Henry Wasps (also E&H Wasps) are the athletic teams that represent Emory & Henry College, located in Emory, Virginia, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports. The Wasps will compete as members of the South Atlantic Conference as they plan to start playing a full SAC schedule in 2022–23. Altogether, Emory & Henry sponsors 26 sports: 11 men's teams, 11 women's teams, and 4 co-ed teams. Emory & Henry previously competed as members of the Old Dominion Athletic Conference (ODAC) of NCAA Division III from 1976–77 to 2020–21.
History
NCAA investigation
The Emory & Henry football team came under investigation for alleged violations of NCAA bylaws in 2014. The allegations came to public attention after the resignation of former coach Don Montgomery from the football program and departure of the College's president, Dr. Rosalind Reichard. The student newspaper reported that allegations were due to lack of "institutional control" of the athletic department
Mascot
The official Emory & Henry mascot is the Wasps. While there are many rumored origins of the nickname, the most commonly accepted story is that Emory & Henry was first called the Wasps after the football team played the first-ever game in Tennessee's Neyland Stadium by a local Knoxville newspaper. Though Emory and Henry was beaten 27–0, legend has it that the local paper declared "that those Virginia boys stung like wasps," and the nickname has stuck ever since.
Varsity teams
List of teams
Men's Teams
Baseball
Basketball
Cross Country
Football
Golf
Soccer
Swimming
Tennis
Indoor Track & Field
Outdoor Track & Field
Wrestling
Women's Teams
Basketball
Cross Country
Golf
Soccer
Softball
Swimming
Tennis
Indoor Track & Field
Outdoor Track & Field
Volleyball
Wrestling
Co-ed Teams
Cheerleading
Dance
Equestrian (IDA)
Equestrian (IHSA)
Individual teams
Football
The E&H Wasps are credited with inventing an American football offensive formation, named in the college's honor, that divides the offensive line and wide receivers into three groupings of three. While it is primarily used today as a trick play, it was revived in 2007 as an integral part of the A-11 offense, a high school football offensive scheme that was eventually banned due to the exploitation of loopholes in the high school rulebooks. The offense inspired Steve Spurrier to use variations of it as a trick play formation at Florida and South Carolina named "Emory and Henry", as Spurrier attended Wasps games as a child growing up in nearby Johnson City, Tennessee. The formation is featured on EA Sports' NCAA Football 07 video game as well.
The Emory & Henry football team has a long storied history claiming 11 ODAC Conference Championships (more than any other member of the ODAC) since the league's inception in 1976, along with appearing in the 1950 Tangerine Bowl and the 1951 Tangerine Bowl. They have also managed to make it to the 1987 NCAA DIII Semifinal game under coach Lou Wacker before losing to now Division I Wagner College, and well as making it to the DIII playoffs numerous times. E&H also boasted the nations longest home game winning streak in 1999 at 37 games. In 2004, Y'all magazine listed Emory and Henry among the 40 colleges and universities in the South with the greatest football traditions. "Not to be overshadowed by neighboring Division I powerhouses . . .Winning seasons plus pride and pageantry equals one of the greatest Southern football traditions."
The Wasps football team began play in 1893 beating Virginia Tech 6–0, and have won games against other Division I programs such as Appalachian State, Marshall, The University of Central Florida, and Middle Tennessee State. The Wasps the oldest current football rival is Hampden-Sydney College who first played the Wasps in 1922.
Emory and Henry College has had three players drafted to the NFL over the years. The most notable being Sonny Wade (class of '69) who went on to play several years in the CFL.
Division III playoff appearances
References
External links
US Post Office-Lumberton, also known as the Lumberton N.C. Post Office, is a historic post office building located at Lumberton, Robeson County, North Carolina. It was designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect under James A. Wetmore and built in 1931. It is a 1 1/2-story, Beaux Arts style brick building with a rear addition built in 1965. It has been renovated and houses law offices.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
References
Lumberton
Beaux-Arts architecture in North Carolina
Government buildings completed in 1931
Buildings and structures in Robeson County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Robeson County, North Carolina
1931 establishments in North Carolina
Rags to Riches (foaled February 27, 2004, in Kentucky) is a champion American Thoroughbred racehorse who won the 2007 Belmont Stakes, the first filly to win it in over a century.
Background
Rags to Riches is a chestnut mare sired by 1992 U.S. Horse of the Year and U.S. Racing Hall of Fame inductee A.P. Indy. They were out of the mare Better Than Honour, who also produced the 2006 Belmont Stakes winner, Jazil.
Bred by Skara Glen Stables, Rags to Riches was purchased for US$1.9 million in September 2005 at the Keeneland Sales by the partnership of Michael Tabor & Derrick Smith.
Racing career
Early races
Sent to the track at age two under trainer Todd Pletcher, Rags to Riches made their first start in a 4½-furlong sprint in June 2006, finishing fourth.
2007: Three-Year-Old Season
Brought back to competition in January 2007, they won their first race at Santa Anita Park by six lengths. Ridden by Garrett Gomez, in February they won the 8-furlong Las Virgenes Stakes after running five wide for a good part of the race. In March, they drew away to win the 1-mile Grade I Santa Anita Oaks by 5½ lengths. Made the betting favorite for the prestigious Grade I Kentucky Oaks at Churchill Downs, they won by 4¼ lengths over a field that included the 2006 U.S. Champion 2-Yr-Old Filly and Breeders' Cup Juvenile Fillies winner, Dreaming of Anna.
Belmont Stakes
On June 5, 2007, the handlers of Rags to Riches announced that they would run in the third and longest leg of the U.S. Triple Crown, the Belmont Stakes. It was their first start against males.
In the race, Rags to Riches stumbled out of the starting gate but recovered to move within striking distance of the pacesetters. At the top of the stretch, they dueled head-to-head with Preakness Stakes and eventual Horse of the Year winner Curlin. Curlin put their nose in front briefly, but the filly fought back and beat them to the finish line by a head. Rags to Riches' win made them only the third filly to ever win the Belmont and the first since Tanya in 1905. They were also the first filly to win the race at the current 1½-mile distance at Belmont Park. (The race distance has varied: from 1867 until 1873, it was . In 1874, the distance was reduced to , and from 1890 to 1892, and in 1895, the distance was . From 1896 until 1925, the distance was increased to . In 1926, the race distance was set at the present ). Tanya's win came 38 years after Ruthless captured the inaugural running of the Belmont in 1867.
Belmont Park track announcer Tom Durkin called the race:
"Here comes Hard Spun. And Curlin is coming through in between horses! And Rags to Riches is coming with a four-wide sweep! And Tiago is in behind them. And at the top of the stretch, a filly is in front at the Belmont! But Curlin is right there with her! These two, in a battle of the sexes at the Belmont Stakes! It is Curlin on the inside – Rags to Riches on the outside. A desperate finish: Rags to Riches and Curlin! They're coming down to the wire. It's gonna be very close! And it's gonna be. ... a filly in the Belmont! Rags to Riches has beaten Curlin and a hundred years of Belmont history! The first filly to win it in over a century!"
Later 2007 season
Despite several minor medical problems over the summer, Rags to Riches continued to train at Belmont Park towards the 2007 Breeder's Cup. They made their return to the races in the $250,000 Gazelle Stakes at Belmont Park on September 15 and finished second to Lear's Princess. It was announced the next day, September 16, that X-rays had revealed a hairline fracture in their right front pastern, and that their trainer, Todd Pletcher, had taken them out of training. They were expected to make a full recovery and return to racing in 2008.
Rags to Riches received several honors at the end of their three-year-old season. Among voters, they were a Teen Choice Award nominee for Choice Female Athlete in 2007. They were also named 2007 World Champion 3-year-old filly by the International Federation of Horseracing Authorities (IFHA).
2008: Four-Year-Old Season
Rags to Riches resumed training at age 4. Then, on March 24, 2008, Todd Pletcher announced that they had re-injured their right front pastern and was retiring. Rags to Riches' career resulted in five wins in seven starts and $1.3 million in earnings.
Breeding career
Rags to Riches was sent to Ashford Stud in Versailles, Kentucky where they had their first foal and was exported to Ireland in 2009. They were returned to America for the 2016 breeding season.
In 2016, they were bred to American Pharoah, but the pairing was not successful, so they were bred to Uncle Mo instead and produced a colt in 2017.
In 2017, they were bred to three-time leading sire Tapit, and producing a colt in 2018.
In 2018, they were bred to Curlin, and produced a colt in 2019.
In 2019, they were bred to American Pharoah, and produced a colt in 2020. They were the first horse to have both parents be Belmont Stakes winners. They have parents who have won the Santa Anita Oaks, Arkansas Derby, Kentucky Oaks, Kentucky Derby, Preakness Stakes, Belmont Stakes (x2), and Breeders' Cup Classic.
Rags-to-Riches progeny:
Opulence (foaled March 9, 2009), chestnut mare sired by Giant's Causeway. Opulence did not race.  They are a broodmare in Japan with a 2015 Shanghai Bobby gelding named The Bobby, a winning 2016 Verrazano colt named Fort Wadsworth who was sold at Keeneland September to a Japanese owner, a 2017 American Pharoah gelding named Formal Attire, a 2019 American Pharoah colt in Japan named Strike Rich (unplaced in 2 starts), and a 2020 Duramente (JPN) filly named Tiffany Donna. Them 2014 Stay Thirsty colt died before turning a year old, and they did not produce a 2021 foal after being bred to Suave Richard.  They are failed to produce a 2022 foal when bred to Kizuna.
Admirer (foaled March 17, 2010 in Ireland), bay colt by Henrythenavigator. Did not place in one career start and is listed as deceased as of 2019.
Rhett Butler (foaled March 26, 2011 in Ireland), chestnut colt sired by Galileo. Group I winner and older horse of the year in Serbia. They stand in Serbia at stud as of 2020.
Rich and Righteous (foaled April 18, 2012 in Ireland), bay gelding sired by Galileo. Broke their maiden in Dubai on dirt, March 2016. Has since retired.
Never So Few (foaled April 24, 2013 in Ireland), bay horse sired by Galileo. Unplaced in six starts, all in America. Stands stud in South America.
Rather Special (foaled May 19, 2014 in Ireland), chestnut filly sired by Galileo. Unraced. Produced a 2018 American Pharoah gelding named Grand Revival, who is now competing over hurdles in Europe. They also have a 2019 Uncle Mo filly, a 2020 American Pharoah filly, and 2021 & 2022 Justify fillies, all of which are unnamed. The American Pharoah filly is in training with Todd Pletcher. They were bred to Munnings for 2023.
Stratification (foaled March 17, 2016 in Kentucky). Chestnut mare sired by Australia. Placed in England, they have since retired, and produced a Justify colt in Japan on March 19, 2021. They were bred back to Lord Kanaloa.
Bay colt by Uncle Mo (foaled April 30, 2017 in Kentucky).
Gray or roan gelding by Tapit (foaled in Kentucky in 2018).
Chestnut colt by Curlin (foaled in Kentucky in 2019).
Colt by American Pharoah (foaled in 2020).
Colt by Justify (foaled June 2, 2021).
Bred to Munnings for a 2023 foal after not being bred for 2022.
In 2016, the New York Racing Association created a new race in their honor, the Rags to Riches Invitational Stakes. It was run on the Friday before the Belmont Stakes at 1½ miles. It was the only dirt race in the U.S. at longer than 1¼ miles for fillies and mares. Theogony won the inaugural running on June 10, defeating four other fillies and mares by eight lengths. It has since been abandoned.
Racing Statistics
Pedigree
References
Rags to Riches' pedigree and racing stats
"Girl Gone Wild! Rags to Riches Makes Belmont History" New York Racing Association - Belmont Park
NTRA Stats & Bio
NTRA Blog
Teen Choice Nominees announced
Thoroughbred Times Belmont Contender Article - Rags To Riches
January 21, 2008 NTRA article titled Rags to Riches is top 3-year-old filly
External links
ESPN video of the 139th Belmont Stakes
2004 racehorse births
Racehorses bred in Kentucky
Racehorses trained in the United States
Belmont Stakes winners
Eclipse Award winners
Kentucky Oaks winners
Thoroughbred family 8-f
Tian Xian Pei (), sometimes translated as Fairy Couple, is a Chinese legend that existed in oral tradition before any written versions. It has since become a major subject of several Chinese opera, films and TV series.
Story
The seven daughters of the Jade Emperor travel to the mortal world. The youngest of the seven fairy maidens was in search of their lost weaving equipment and their "coat of feathers," without which they were unable to fly. Another version of the story states that the seventh fairy's feather coat was actually stolen by a mortal named Dong Yong, advised by one of their cattle who happened to be an exiled fairy as well and disguised as a normal, aged bull. During the stay, the maiden falls in love with Dong Yong.  They are a poor worker who had sold themselves into servitude to pay for their father's funeral. With help of the other fairies, the seventh fairy managed to weave ten pieces of brocade for Dong Yong to pay off their debt, shortening their indenture to 100 days. Before the couple can begin their life together, the Jade Emperor orders their daughters to return home. However, they are kind enough to allow the couple to reunite once a year on the 七夕 (the 7th Evening) -- later known as the traditional Chinese Qixi Festival—by crossing the Milky Way.
In memory of this story, ancient Chinese astrologers named two prominent stars that stand at a distance from each other 牛郎, "cowherd man," and 織女, "weaving girl." These are the stars Altair in the constellation Aquila and Vega in Lyra.
Characters
Dong Yong (董永)
The Seventh Fairy (七仙女)
Adaptations
The story has been performed numerous times in Peking opera, Cantonese opera and other Chinese operas.
Films
Television series
Publications
The tale has also been subject matter of literary adaptations and retellings:
The Seventh Fairy: a reinterpretation of the myth made by Angelo Paratico in a book published in Hong Kong in 2017 by Lascar Publishing.
See also
The Weaver Girl and the Cowherd
Icarus
Tanabata
The Tale of the Bamboo Cutter (輝夜姬)
The Fairy and the Woodcutter and Jaka Tarub and the Seven Apsaras, respectively a Korean and an Indonesian folktale similar to Tian Xian Pei.
Pernikahan Nawangsih
Ayashi no Ceres
References
Further reading
Idema, Wilt L. Filial Piety and Its Divine Rewards: The Legend of Dong Yong and Weaving Maiden, with Related Texts. Indianapolis/Cambridge: Hackett, 2009. .
Love stories
Sigurjón Pétursson (9 March 1888 – 3 May 1955) was an Icelandic wrestler. They competed in the light heavyweight event at the 1912 Summer Olympics.
Sigurjón later became an industrialist: by 1946 they were the owner of a textile factory at Álafoss just outside Reykjavik. They also took a keen interest in Icelandic culture and in psychic research.
Sigurjón believed that they experienced telepathic communication with, amongst other dead Icelanders, the nineteenth-century Icelandic poet Jónas Hallgrímsson. They concluded that the remains of Jónas should be brought from Denmark, where they died, to their birthplace in Iceland. This debate over this scheme is known in Icelandic as the beinamálið ('bones question').
References
External links
1888 births
1955 deaths
Icelandic male sport wrestlers
Olympic wrestlers of Iceland
Wrestlers at the 1912 Summer Olympics
People from Reykjavík
David Shedden (24 May 1944 in Kilwinning – 27 October 2017 in Linwood) was a Scotland international rugby union footballer, who played on the wing. They died in October 2017 aged 73.
Rugby Union career
Amateur career
Shedden went to Spier's School in Beith. Their PE teacher was Campbell Bone, an enlightened and passionate rugby coach in Ayrshire.
Leaving school Shedden then played for Old Spierians before moving on to West of Scotland.
They were part of the West of Scotland team that won the 'unofficial' Scottish championship title in season 1970–71.
Their nickname was 'The Spear' due to their distinctive tackling style.
Provincial career
Shedden was capped for Glasgow District and played in the Scottish Inter-District Championship.
They played for Glasgow District in the 1974-75 Scottish Inter-District Championship in Glasgow's first Inter-District match of the season against South of Scotland; playing their part to ensure a Glasgow 16-15 win that ultimately helped Glasgow share the 1974–75 season's championship title with North and Midlands.
They also played for Glasgow in the 1977–78 Scottish Inter-District Championship. They were part of the side that beat South 19–6 in the final match, again ensuring that Glasgow shared the championship title, this time with South and Edinburgh District.
International career
They played for Scotland 15 times between 1972 and 1978.
Richard Bath writes of them that:
"As with most great players, their greatness comes in part from their ability to combine with other great players of the era. David Shedden, a flier from the Glasgow's West of Scotland club, was lucky to be playing at the same time as Andy Irvine, one of the great attacking full-backs of all time. A classic speed merchant, Sheddden profited from Irvine's ability to slice through opposing defences, and would regular pop up on the full-back's shoulder to take a final scoring pass. Shedden, who was limited to only 15 caps because their career overlapped with another of Scotland's great wingers Billy Steele, was also defensively astute and went on providing cover when Irvine went on their charging runs upfield... It was not until Tony Stanger won their first cap eleven years later that Scotland had another out-and-out flier to rely on."
They won the Calcutta Cup with Scotland against England at Murrayfield in 1976. Unfortunately they suffered concussion after bravely tackling Andy Ripley of England during the match. While they were on the park however they provided rugby commentator Bill McLaren with one of their top five sporting memories with their counterattack setting up of Alan Lawson's first try that day.
After rugby
Shedden developed dementia in their early 50s. This was thought to be linked to their rugby career as they suffered 13 concussions throughout their rugby career. Shedden's form of dementia was thought to be Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy (CTE), brought on by the cumulative effect of head trauma. They took part in the Rugby Memories programme for its therapeutic effects.
On their death their former West of Scotland and Scotland international team-mate Sandy Carmichael gave this tribute:
"I used to pull their leg about their thin-ness but they were a brave, brave player."
"In those days, the Scottish selectors had a policy that you had to weigh more than 11 stones to be picked. We knew we'd be weighed at the first District game and we piled keys, coins, anything we could find, into Dave's tracksuit pockets to get the scales over 11 stones. They were a great man."
References
External links
1944 births
2017 deaths
Glasgow District (rugby union) players
Old Spierians players
Rugby union players from Kilwinning
Scotland international rugby union players
Scottish rugby union players
West of Scotland FC players
Rugby union wings
The Fullerton Flyers were a professional baseball team based in Fullerton, California, in the United States. They were an independent franchise, not affiliated with either Major League Baseball or Minor League Baseball. The team played from 2005 to 2010 and their home stadium was at "The Station" at Goodwin Field, which is also the home field for the Cal State Fullerton Titans.
The Flyers were an original charter team of the Golden Baseball League. After the collapse of that league, they were scheduled to join the new independent North American League, but sat out the 2011 season as they negotiated plans for a new stadium with the city of Fullerton. Those stadium plans never materialized.
In May 2012, they announced they were joining the American West Baseball League (AWBL) and would play in 2013, but they left the league before it was to start.
The team was original owned by the Golden Baseball League and its primary owners Diamond Sports & Entertainment. They were then sold to the Orange County Group, led by investor and actor James Denton, in 2007 and renamed the Orange County Flyers. They were then sold to Western Sports & Entertainment Group on November 23, 2011 and went back to the Fullerton Flyers. Following the folding of the NAL, they were then sold on April 13, 2012 to Godfather Media, which also owned the Yuma Panthers (now the Yuma Desert Rats). However, when Godfather Media owner Michael Cummings resigned as C.E.O. of the league, the team's franchise ownership reverted to the previous owners, Western Sports & Entertainment Group, based out of the Los Angeles area.
Team history
The Flyers were one of the original eight GBL charter teams that started in 2005 along with the Chico Outlaws, Long Beach Armada and San Diego Surf Dawgs in California; Mesa Miners, Surprise Fightin' Falcons and Yuma Scorpions in Arizona and the traveling Japan Samurai Bears (who played in the Arizona Division).
The team officially unveiled its name and logo on January 27, 2005 at Fullerton Train Station. On the same day, they introduced their new General Manager, Fullerton native Ed Hart. Hart ran the team for the first three seasons.
The Flyers clinched their first playoff spot ever by winning the second-half division title in 2006. However, they ultimately lost the GBL championship to the Reno Silver Sox, 3 games to 1. First baseman Peanut Williams was named the 2006 GBL Most Valuable Player and hit a league record 20 home runs for the season. RHP Chris Jakubauskas was named the league's Pitcher of the Year for the 2006 season.
Team sold and name changed
The Flyers were sold on March 21, 2007, to an investment group called the Orange County Group. One of the investors was James Denton, part of the cast of Desperate Housewives. The sale of the Flyers made them the first Golden Baseball League team to ever be sold to a private investment group. On March 28, 2007, they changed their name to the Orange County Flyers, but kept their team colors (blue and orange).
Managers
Since their inception, the Fullerton Flyers/Orange County Flyers have been managed by hometown heroes, All-Stars and Hall of Famers.
Garry Templeton (2005-07)
Before the team had a logo or even a name, it had Jumpsteady. Three-time National League All-Star Garry Templeton was named manager of the GBL franchise in Fullerton, Calif., on December 6, 2004.
As a player, Templeton was drafted by the St. Louis Cardinals in the 1st round of the 1974 draft. They played sixteen seasons in the major leagues as a switch-hitting shortstop with the Cards, Padres, and Mets, reaching the World Series in 1984. They were a three time major league All Star during their career, garnered a pair of Silver Slugger Awards, led the NL in triples a record three straight years, and was the first player ever to have more than 100 hits from each side of the plate as they led the league with 211 in 1979.
Garry began their managing career in the Anaheim Angels farm system in 1998 as they led the Cedar Rapids Class A team. They stayed as a manager in the Angels systems for the next three years progressing to the Erie AA, Edmonton AAA, and Salt Lake City AAA clubs. Sixteen members of the 2002 Anaheim Angels World Championship team played for Garry in the minors. In 2003 and 2004 Garry led the Gary Railcats of the Northern League as their field manager.
Since leaving the Flyers after the club's first three seasons, Templeton has gone on to manage the Long Beach Armada (2009), Chico Outlaws (2010) and Na Koa Ikaika Maui (2011).
Gary Carter (2008)
The Flyers made Hall of Fame catcher Gary Carter the second manager in team history on December 5, 2007, during baseball's winter meetings. Carter, who attended Sunny Hills High School in Fullerton, is an 11-time Major League All-Star who won 5 Silver Slugger and 3 Gold Glove awards during their Hall of Fame career.
Carter played a majority of their years with the Montreal Expos and New York Mets. They had one year stints with the San Francisco Giants and Los Angeles Dodgers. Carter was inducted into the Hall of Fame in 2003 along with slugger Eddie Murray, who was their teammate with the Dodgers in 1991.
Carter brought on board coaches Darrell Evans and Dan DiPace who had spent the previous three seasons in Long Beach.
They won the first-ever GBL South Division Championship by defeating Long Beach 3 games to 2 and, for the second time in franchise history, advanced to the GBL Championship Series. The Flyers captured their first GBL Championship by beating the Calgary Vipers 3 games to 2 on September 14, 2008, capping off the best season in team history. On October 14, 2008, GBL Safeway Player of the Year Patrick Breen was picked up by the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim of Major League Baseball. Carter was named Manager of the Year.
Since leaving the Flyers, Carter managed the Long Island Ducks in 2009, and they were named Head Baseball Coach for the NCAA Division II Palm Beach Atlantic University Sailfish in 2010. Carter died on February 16, 2012 of brain cancer.
Phil Nevin (2009)
In December 2008, the Flyers named Phil Nevin the third manager in team history. Nevin, who won the Golden Spikes Award in 1992 as the best collegiate baseball player in the nation while with Cal State Fullerton, played 11 seasons in the major leagues for the Houston Astros (1995), Detroit Tigers (1995-97), Anaheim Angels (1998), San Diego Padres (1999-2005), Texas Rangers (2005-2006), Chicago Cubs (2006), and the Minnesota Twins (2006).
Nevin left the Flyers after the 2009 season when they were offered a job to manage the Detroit Tigers Double-A affiliate, the Toledo Mud Hens.
Paul Abbott (2010)
Former Sunny Hills high school stand out Paul Abbott became the fourth manager in team history in February 2010. Abbott played 11 seasons in the Major Leagues, beginning their career with the Minnesota Twins in 1990, making their MLB debut on August 21. In addition to their time with the Twins (1990-92), they also played in the Majors with the Indians (1993), Mariners (1998-2002), Royals (2003), Devil Rays (2004), and Phillies (2004). In 162 big league games, Abbott made 112 starts, going 43-37 with a 4.92 ERA.
Their best season came in 2001 when Abbot won a career-high 17 games, going 17-4 in 27 starts as the Mariners tied the mark for most victories in a season with 116 wins. Abbot finished their playing career in 2005 as a member of the inaugural Fullerton Flyers team in the first year of the Golden League. The Fullerton native made 9 starts for the Flyers, going 3-5 with a 2.87 ERA.
Abbott's coaching experience included working as an assistant coach for the Fullerton Junior College Hornets in addition to working with the Flyers as Pitching Coach last season.
Plans for new stadium
The Flyers announced on their website that they were working on plans to move from Goodwin Field (after six years) to Amerige Park, a former Pacific Coast League ballpark in downtown Fullerton, and were waiting for the city's decision. Rumors circulated that if the Flyers were not accommodated by the city, they would have to relocate.
On January 14, 2011, it was announced that the city of Fullerton and the Flyers had entered into an exclusive negotiating period to discuss plans for the Amerige Park location while they sit out the 2011 season.
North American League
On November 23, 2011, team founder/president and chairperson Alan Mintz initially announced that the team would return to action in the North American League for 2012 and would do so with their original identity, the Fullerton Flyers. Mintz cited that "This is Fullerton's team". However, on April 13, 2012, the Flyers were sold to Godfather Media, LLC, which also owned the Yuma Panthers and would stay as the Orange County Flyers. The team was expected to play the 2012 season on the road as they could not come to an agreement with Cal State Fullerton to play at Goodwin Field.
The Flyers' new ownership decided to withdraw from the North American League in May 2012 because of uncertainty of the league's future and again sat out the season.
America West Baseball League
After being purchased by Godfather Media, LLC, the Flyers announced they would revert to the Fullerton Flyers and play in Cummings' new league, the American West Baseball League (AWBL). The Flyers along with the Long Beach Splash, North County Cannons (San Diego), Yuma Panthers, and another unannounced team from Mesa, Arizona were to be the charter teams for the new league, which was to be based in Costa Mesa, California. Along with the new name, the Flyers also announced a new logo featuring blue, black, and white, and keeping a revised train logo.
The league was delayed however and due to discrepancies with the AWBL and Godfather Media, the franchise ownership reverted to its previous owners, Western Sports & Entertainment Group. The future of the team, if any, remains in doubt.
Team record
References
External links
Baseball teams established in 2005
Golden Baseball League teams
Professional baseball teams in California
Sports in Fullerton, California
Defunct baseball teams in California
2005 establishments in California
2010 disestablishments in California
Defunct independent baseball league teams
Baseball teams disestablished in 2010
Jess B. Weiss (Born 1917 Bronx, New York - died June 28, 2007 Fort Lauderdale, Florida) was an American anesthesiologist and medical doctor.
Weiss was best known for redesigning the shape of the epidural needle by adding a T-shaped set of wings. This allowed anesthesiologists and physicians to more easily guide the needle into the spine of the patient.
External links and references
Boston Globe: Jess Weiss, 90; redesigned an epidural needle
References
American anesthesiologists
2007 deaths
People from the Bronx
1917 births
Date of birth missing
A tow truck (also called a wrecker, a breakdown truck, recovery vehicle or a breakdown lorry) is a truck used to move disabled, improperly parked, impounded, or otherwise indisposed motor vehicles. This may involve recovering a vehicle damaged in an accident, returning one to a drivable surface in a mishap or inclement weather, or towing or transporting one via flatbed to a repair shop or other location.
A tow truck is distinct from a car carrier trailer, which is used to move multiple new or used vehicles simultaneously in routine transport operations.
History
Ferdinand Porsche of Austro-Daimler developed an artillery tractor for the Austro-Hungarian army in 1908, the M 08. One of the batch was constructed as a recovery vehicle for the others, with a large winch on the rear platform.
The wrecker (with lifting jib) was invented in 1916 by Ernest Holmes Sr. of Chattanooga, Tennessee, a garage worker who was inspired after they needed blocks, ropes, and six men to pull a car out of a creek. After improving their design they began manufacturing them commercially. The International Towing and Recovery Hall of Fame and Museum in their home town displays restored antique wreckers, tools, equipment, and pictorial histories of motor-vehicle towing, a type of work that Holmes originated.
Types of towing equipment
Five general types of tow truck are in common usage, usually based on the type or size of vehicle to be towed:
Boom: uses an adjustable boom with a winch to recover vehicles from a ditch, over an embankment, or any place the vehicle cannot be safely reached by backing up. Some booms are fixed; some use heavy pivoting A-frames; others are equipped with hydraulic-powered telescoping tubes. The heaviest types of boom can rotate, effectively turning the tow truck into a sort of mobile crane, called a "rotator", and are usually reserved for incidents involving heavy vehicles. In the past, boom trucks used a "hook and chain" system where chains are looped around the vehicle frame or axle, then lifted by a boom winch. A towbar with heavy rubberized mats connects the truck and vehicle, so it can be towed on its other axle. "Slings" and "belt lifts" are a further development, with rubber straps replacing part of the chains. Slings are not used much today because they can scratch the bumpers of cars. However, they are sometimes used for towing vehicles that have been in an accident or have one or two of the front or rear wheels missing, or for pickup trucks and other vehicles that have steel bumpers. Cars equipped with all-wheel drive cannot be towed with a sling, as it can cause problems with the car's drivetrain.
Wheel-lift (also called a "spectacle lift" or "underlift"): developed from the hook-and-chain technology to produce a large metal yoke that can be fitted under the front or rear wheels to cradle them, drawing the front or rear end of the vehicle clear of the ground by a pneumatic or hydraulic hoist so it can be towed. This apparatus generally picks up the drive wheels of the vehicle (i.e. the front wheels if it is front-wheel drive, the rear wheels if it is rear-wheel drive), touching only the tires. The wheel lift was designed by Arthur W. Nelson of Weld Built Body Co. in 1967. The name spectacle lift is common in Europe; the cradle resembles a pair of squared spectacles (eyeglasses). Medium and heavy trucks use a variation, the "underlift" or "chassis lift", which lifts the axle or frame instead of the wheels. Wheel-lift trucks can have adapters which can also lift the chassis.
Integrated (also called a "self-loader", "snatcher", "quick pick" or "repo truck"): boom and wheel-lift integrated into one unit. Used in light-duty trucks to repossess vehicles or move illegally-parked vehicles. Most have controls for the apparatus inside the cab of the tow truck to make quick pickup possible without the inconvenience of exiting the truck to hook up the vehicle. Though similar to a wheel-lift truck, an integrated truck differs in that the end of its boom features movable arms that can more easily and quickly clamp onto the wheels of a vehicle, often controlled from the cabin of the truck. On a wheel-lift truck, the wheels of a vehicle must be manually secured to the yoke by the operator before being lifted. There are also heavy-duty trucks manufactured with integrated lifts.
Flatbed (also called a "rollback", "slide" or "tilt tray"): the entire back of the truck is fitted with a bed that can be hydraulically inclined and slid back to ground level, allowing the vehicle to be placed on it under its own power or pulled on by a winch. Because they carry rather than tow the vehicle, they can be used on a completely immobile vehicle; in the US, they are used to carrying badly-damaged cars from crashes.
Lift flatbed: a boom uses a wheel-lift frame to lift the vehicle vertically and load it on the bed. This type of truck can remove vehicles that are parallel-parked. It is commonly used in Europe.
These are the most common arrangements; others also exist, such as flatbed units that offer a wheel-lift, boom trucks that can recover but not tow, and wheel-lift units that offer a combination boom with sling.
There are also several sizes and weight categories of tow truck. The lightest models are usually based on light truck and van chassis offering boom and tow weights of around , making them ideal for car towing. Medium-duty tow trucks have a boom capacity of . Heavy-duty tow trucks, based on chassis used by semi-trucks, with multiple axles and the ability to tow fully-loaded semi-truck and trailer combinations, have a boom capacity from . Rotators are the heaviest type of tow truck, ranging from (though lighter models do exist) and often come with many other features per customer specification.
Most flatbed-type vehicles are based on medium-duty and heavy-duty trucks to provide the chassis strength necessary to carry entire vehicles.
Operations
Tow trucks are usually operated by private businesses, except for major highways and toll roads, where the road authority may operate the tow trucks for that stretch of road. Some police departments own tow trucks; in the US, however, it is common to contract police tows to private companies. Businesses who operate a large fleet of vehicles, such as school bus companies or package delivery services, often own one or several tow trucks for the purposes of towing their own vehicles. Government departments with large fleets (such as the police departments, fire departments, transportation authorities and departments of public works of major cities) may similarly own one or more tow trucks. Police department tow trucks may also be used to impound other vehicles. Heavy tow trucks are often called to clear semi-truck accidents and straighten out jackknifed trucks. In rural or unorganized areas, companies which operate tow trucks can sometimes also offer additional services appropriate to highway clearance where government-provided ones are unavailable, such as fire suppression.
The military also deploys tow trucks for recovery of stranded vehicles. In the US Army, a variant of the HEMTT truck is used for this purpose, the M984 wrecker. For recovery in combat situations while under fire, many armies with large vehicle fleets also deploy armoured recovery vehicles. These vehicles fulfill a similar role, but are resistant to heavy fire and capable of traversing rough terrain with their tracks, as well as towing vehicles beyond the weight limits of wheeled wreckers, such as tanks (many are based on tank designs for this reason).
Each state and territory of Australia has its own regulations and acts for the operation of tow trucks. Tow trucks are generally divided into two categories, either by standard, trade and private towing or accident towing. Accident towing trucks are clearly identifiable by number plates ending in either "ATT" or "TT". Tow trucks that are not endorsed for accident towing may use general number plates of any combination pursuant to each state's own registering system. An example of a statute regulating the operation of tow trucks and towing companies in Victoria are the Victorian Accident Towing Services Act.
See also
Armored recovery vehicle
Impounded vehicle auction
Motor carrier
Roadside assistance
Tow hitch
Vehicle recovery
References
External links
International Towing and Recovery Hall of Fame and Museum in Chattanooga, Tennessee.
Emergency vehicles
Tow trucks
American inventions
In Greek mythology, Aethusa (Ancient Greek: Αἵθουσα) was a daughter of Poseidon and the Pleiad Alcyone, daughter of Atlas. They were loved by Apollo and bore to them Eleuther and Linus. Through either of the latter two, Aethusa became the grandmother of Pierus, father of Oeagrus, father of the musician Orpheus. Because of this genealogical fact, they were usually identified as a Thracian.
The word aethusa was used as an epithet for a portico that was open to the sun, that is, Apollo.
According to Pliny's Naturalis Historia, Aethusa is also the eponym of the Italian island which is now called Linosa.
Notes
References
Apollodorus, The Library with an English Translation by Sir James George Frazer, F.B.A., F.R.S. in 2 Volumes, Cambridge, MA, Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann Ltd. 1921. . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library. Greek text available from the same website.
Bell, Robert E., Women of Classical Mythology: A Biographical Dictionary. ABC-Clio. 1991. .
Pausanias, Description of Greece with an English Translation by W.H.S. Jones, Litt.D., and H.A. Ormerod, M.A., in 4 Volumes. Cambridge, MA, Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann Ltd. 1918. . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library
Pausanias, Graeciae Descriptio. 3 vols. Leipzig, Teubner. 1903. Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library.
Suida, Suda Encyclopedia translated by Ross Scaife, David Whitehead, William Hutton, Catharine Roth, Jennifer Benedict, Gregory Hays, Malcolm Heath Sean M. Redmond, Nicholas Fincher, Patrick Rourke, Elizabeth Vandiver, Raphael Finkel, Frederick Williams, Carl Widstrand, Robert Dyer, Joseph L. Rife, Oliver Phillips and many others. Online version at the Topos Text Project.
Children of Poseidon
Women of Apollo
Princesses in Greek mythology
Women in Greek mythology
Characters in Greek mythology
Columns and entablature
Mercury fluoride can refer to:
Mercury(I) fluoride (dimercury difluoride, mercury monofluoride, mercurous fluoride), Hg2F2
Mercury(II) fluoride (mercury difluoride, mercuric fluoride), HgF2
Mercury(IV) fluoride (mercury tetrafluoride, permercuric fluoride), HgF4
Gallery
Harvard Apparatus is a major US manufacturer of specialized physiological research laboratory equipment with current headquarters in Holliston, Massachusetts.
History
Harvard Apparatus was founded in 1901 by William Townsend Porter, a physiologist at Harvard Medical School. Frustrated by the lack of high quality and cost-effective equipment then available, Porter began manufacturing physiology teaching equipment in a machine shop that they created on the medical school campus. This shop supplied equipment to Harvard Medical School and provided surplus equipment to other schools. Charles W. Eliot, the president of Harvard University, although supportive of Porter's work and mission, was concerned that Porter's enterprise would be viewed as a commercial venture operating on nontaxed property. So, in 1901 Eliot secured capital for Porter to found the Harvard Apparatus Company, which was moved off the Harvard campus to a converted barn in Dover, Massachusetts.
The company invented the mechanical syringe pump in the 1950s, and introduced the first microprocessor controlled syringe pumps in the 1980s. Harvard Apparatus also developed first volume controlled- and then pressure controlled ventilators, pulsatile blood pumps, transducers, amplifiers, recorders, glassware and many other specialized bioscience research products.
Current organization and operation
Harvard Apparatus is now part of the Harvard Bioscience Inc. family of companies. Harvard Bioscience (Nasdaq: HBIO) is a global developer, manufacturer and marketer of scientific instruments. Its products are sold to thousands of researchers in over 100 countries; the company has offices in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Germany, Spain, Sweden, France, and China.
See also
C. F. Palmer, Ltd
Paolo Macchiarini
References
External links
Disposable Lab Consumables
Technology companies established in 1901
1901 establishments in Massachusetts
Biotechnology companies of the United States
Laboratory equipment manufacturers
Companies based in Massachusetts
List of species formally described and other new taxa of organism in 2015 classified by time of publication.
January 2015
Anthocephalum decrisantisorum: species in Anthocephalum, family Rhinobothriidae, order Rhinebothriidea, class Cestoda, phylum Platyhelminthes, kingdom Animalia
Anthocephalum healyae
Anthocephalum jensenae
Anthocephalum mattisi
Anthocephalum meadowsi
Anthocephalum odonnellae
Anthocephalum papefayei
Anthocephalum philruschi
Megastrongygaster orbitalis: flies in new genus Megastrongygaster, tribe Strongygastrini, subfamily Phasiinae, family Tachinidae found in Bảo Lộc, Lâm Đồng, Vietnam.
February 2015
Streptomyces alkalithermotolerans: Streptomyces which has been isolated from the Lonar soda lake in India.
Anterhynchium punctatum: species in subgenus Dirhynchiu, genus Anterhynchium, family Vespidae, order Hymenoptera.
Peckoltia greedoi: species in genus Peckoltia, family Loricariidae, order Siluriformes published ZooKeys 480: 97–123 (2 February 2015)
Belisana denticulata: species of Belisana, family Pholcidae at Tam Dao National Park, published ZooKeys 480, pages 41–47 2 February 2015.
Magnolia tiepii: species of Magnolia, family Magnoliaceae, order Magnoliales found at Khánh Vĩnh, Khánh Hòa, published Nordic Journal of Botany 4 February 2015.
Polygonatum annamense: loài Polygonatum Asparagaceae, Asparagales of Trường Sơn, published in Phytotaxa 197 (2): pages 125–131 11 February 2015.
Garnieria mouhoti nhuongi: subspecies of species Garnieria mouhoti, genus Garnieria, subfamily Phaedusinae, family Clausiliidae, superfamily Clausilioidea, section Sigmurethra, Orthurethra, Stylommatophora, suborder Eupulmonata, order Pulmonata, superorder Heterobranchia, subclass Orthogastropoda, class Gastropoda found at Mường Do, Phù Yên, Sơn La, published Ruthenica, Russian Malacologia Journal, 25, 1, 2015 16 February 2015.
Streptomyces albiflavescens: Streptomyces isolated from soil from rainforest areas in the Yunnan in the south west of China.
Tylototriton anguliceps: species in genus Tylototriton, family Salamandridae, order Caudata class Amphibia found at Northwest (Vietnam) & Northern Thailand, published Current Herpetology 34(1):38–50. 2015 24 February 2015.
Dermacentor limbooliati: species in genus Dermacentor, family Ixodidae, suborder Ixodida, order Parasitiformes, class Arachnida found at Tây Nguyên, Việt Nam & Kuala Krai, Kelantan, Malaysia published Journal of Medical Entomology of Oxford University Press 25 February 2015.
March 2015
Pomponia brevialata: a species of Pomponia, Cicadidae, Hemiptera found from Vietnam, published at Zootaxa 3925 (4): pages 562–572 date 3 March 2015.
Scorpiops dentidactylus: a species of Vietscorpiops, Scorpiops, Euscorpiidae, Neoscorpionina, Scorpiones found at Nậm Vì, Mường Nhé, Điện Biên, published Comptes Rendus Biologies, 338 (3): pages 212–217 (March 2015).
Desmoxytes rhinoceros
April 2015
Hyalinobatrachium dianae
Devadatta kompieri: a Damselfly in Devadatta, Devadattidae, Odonata found from northern Vietnam (Mu Cang Chai district, Yen Bai Province), published 1 April 2015
Devadatta yokoii: found in Laos (Vang Vieng, Vientiane Province)
May 2015
Carajasia: genus in Rubiaceae
June 2015
Amynthas erroneous: Amynthas, family Megascolecidae, suborder Lumbricina, order Haplotaxida, subclass Oligochaeta, class Clitellata, phylum Annelida found at Phổ Minh, Đức Phổ, Quảng Ngãi, Việt Nam
Amynthas nhonmontis: Amynthas, family Megascolecidae, suborder Lumbricina, order Haplotaxida, subclass Oligochaeta, class Clitellata, phylum Annelida found at Nhơn, Tịnh Biên, An Giang, Việt Nam 2010, published in ZooKeys 506, pages 127–136 1 June 2015.
Monographis dongnaiensi: Monographis, family Polyxenidae, superfamily Polyxenoidea, order Polyxenida, subclass Penicillata, class Diplopoda found at Trảng Bom & Định Quán, Đồng Nai, Việt Nam published in Zootaxa 3964 4, pages 460–474.
Aspidistra tillichiana: Aspidistra, family Asparagaceae, order Asparagales found at vườn quốc gia Tam Đảo, Vĩnh Phúc, Việt Nam 2013, published Phytotaxa 212 3, pages 243–245 8 June 2015.
Formosiepyris vietnamensis: Formosiepyris, subfamily Epyrinae, family Bethylidae, superfamily Chrysidoidea, suborder Apocrita, order Hymenoptera found Đà Lạt, Lâm Đồng, Việt Nam 2013, published ZooKeys 507, pages 25–30 8 June 2015.
Cylindera (Ifasina) ilonae: Cylindera, Cicindelina, Cicindelini, subfamily Cicindelinae, family Carabidae, suborder Adephaga, order Coleoptera, class Insecta found at Na Hang, Tuyên Quang, Việt Nam published Journal of Asia-Pacific Entomology Volume 18, Issue 3, 9 2015, 409–412, published 15 June 2015.
Phòng kỷ Nam Bộ: Aristolochia, subfamily Aristolochioideae, family Aristolochiaceae, order Piperales found in Southern Vietnam (Bù Gia Mập National Park, Bình Phước và khu bảo tồn thiên nhiên Tà Đùng, Đắc Nông), published Annales Botanici Fennici 52, pages 268–273 15 June 2015.
Lan lọng bidoup: Bulbophyllum, Dendrobiinae, Dendrobieae, subfamily Epidendroideae, family Orchidaceae, order Asparagales found at Bi Đúp, Lâm Đồng & Khánh Hòa, Việt Nam.
Schoenorchis hangianae: genus Schoenorchis, subtribe Aeridinae, tribe Vandeae, subfamily Epidendroideae, family Orchidaceae, order Asparagales, found in Bi Đúp Mountain region, Lâm Đồng and Khánh Hòa provinces, Việt Nam, 2012–2014, published Phytotaxa 213 2, pages 113–121 15 June 2015.
Pararrhynchium concavum: Pararrhynchium, subfamily Eumeninae, family Vespidae, order Hymenoptera, class Insecta found at Cao Bằng, Việt Nam
Pararrhynchium striatum: Pararrhynchium, subfamily Eumeninae, family Vespidae, order Hymenoptera, class Insecta found at Hòa Bình, Hà Tĩnh & Thái Nguyên, Việt Nam, published Zootaxa 3974 2, pages 170–176 22 June 2015.
Eumenes gibbosus: Eumenes, subfamily Eumeninae, family Vespidae, order Hymenoptera, class Insecta published Zootaxa 3974 4, pages 564–572 24 June 2015
Hoya tamdaoensis: Hoya, Marsdenieae, subfamily Asclepiadoideae, family Apocynaceae, order Gentianales found at vườn quốc gia Tam Đảo, Vĩnh Phúc, Việt Nam 11/2011, published Phytotaxa 217, 3, pages 288–292 26 June 2015.
July 2015
Vulcanochloris: new genus of Trebouxiales, Trebouxiophyceae, Chlorophyta, Viridiplantae, Archaeplastida found from La Palma, Canary Islands, Spain published: 8 July 2015
August 2015
Aporcelaimoides brevistylum: new species of Aporcelaimoides, Aporcelaimidae, Dorylaimoidea, Dorylaimia, Enoplea, Nematoda found in Chư Yang Sin National Park, Đắk Lắk Province 2012 & Bidoup Núi Bà National Park, Lâm Đồng Province, Vietnam 2013, published ZooKeys 516, pages 1–26 6 August 2015.
Aporcelaimoides minor: new species of Aporcelaimoides found Khu bảo tồn thiên nhiên Tây Yên Tử, Bắc Giang Province July 2008, Chư Yang Sin National Park, Đắk Lắk 2012, khu bảo tồn thiên nhiên Cao Bằng, Cao Bằng 2013, published Zootaxa 3999 1: 032–040 7 August 2015.
Aporcelaimoides silvaticum: new species of Aporcelaimoides found Cúc Phương National Park 2009, published Zootaxa số 3999 1, pages 032–040 7 August 2015.
Nexosa tonkinensis: new Moth in Nexosa, Archipini, Tortricidae, Lepidoptera, Insecta found in Việt Nam, published Zootaxa 3999 1, pages: 032–040 7 August 2015.
Nexosa hexaphala tamdaoana: new subspecies Nexosa hexaphala in Nexosa.
Compsocommosis & Compsocommosis vietnamensis: new genus and new species in Archipini published Zootaxa 3999 1, pages 144–150 7 August 2015.
September 2015
Billolivia kyi.
Nothybus kuznetsovorum.
Calymmodon concinnus.
Oreogrammitis parvula.
Xiphopterella parva.
Lecane dorysimilis.
Lecane phapi
Trichocerca bauthiemensis
Connelicita backyensis.
Connelicita haiphongensis
Cleisostoma lecongkietii.
Cleisostoma phitamii.
Cleisostoma tricornutum.
Markhamia stipulata var. canaense.
Oricymba voronkinae.
Metacyclops amicitiae.
Ptomaphaminus granophilus.
Pseudofornicia nigrisoma.
October 2015
Aristolochia faviogonzalezii:
Aristolochia tonkinensis:
Aristolochia tadungensis:
Zaglyptogastra vietnamica:
Sinoennea copiaensis:
November 2015
Leptolalax isos: loài cóc chi Leptolalax, họ Megophryidae, bộ Anura, lớp Amphibia được tìm thấy ở cao nguyên Kon Tum, miền trung Việt Nam và đông bắc Campuchia, công bố trên tạp chí Zootaxa 4039 (3): 401–417 ngày 5 November 2015.
Dixonius taoi: thằn lằn lá tạo – thằn lằn chân ngón tạo, loài thuộc chi Dixonius, phân họ Gekkoninae, họ Gekkonidae, bộ Squamata, lớp Reptilia tìm thấy ở đảo Phú Quý, tỉnh Bình Thuận, Việt Nam, công bố trên tạp Zootaxa 4040 (1): 048–058 ngày 9 November 2015. Tên loài D. taoi được đặt theo tên của nhà nghiên cứu Nguyễn Thiên Tạo.
Gribodia nigra: loài Gribodia, phân họ Eumeninae, họ Vespidae, bộ Hymenoptera, lớp Insecta tìm thấy ở Việt Nam và Trung Quốc, công bố trên tạp chí Zootaxa 4040 (4): 458–464 ngày 12 November 2015.
Thismia puberula: loài Thismia, tông Thismieae, họ Thismiaceae (Burmanniaceae), bộ Dioscoreales tìm thấy năm 2014 ở vườn quốc gia Chu Yang Sin, tỉnh Đắk Lắk, Việt Nam, công bố trên tạp chí Phytotaxa 234 (2): 133–142 ngày 13 November 2015.
Leptochilus oblongus: loài thực vật Leptochilus, phân họ Microsoroideae, họ Polypodiaceae, bộ Polypodiales, lớp Polypodiopsida tìm thấy ở tỉnh Hòa Bình, Việt Nam, công bố trên tạp chí Phytotaxa 234 (1): 195–198 ngày 13 November 2015..
December 2015
Binhthuanomon vinhtan: a new species in new genus Binhthuanomon, Potamidae, Decapoda, Malacostraca, Arthropoda found at Tuy Phong District, Bình Thuận Province, Vietnam.
References
External links
Phytotaxa
Zootaxa
Zoosymposia
BiodiVN
Vietnam Academy of Science and Technology
Vietnam National Museum of Nature
ZooKeys
PhytoKeys
Vietnam Forest Creatures
Taiwania the College of Life Science, National Taiwan University
Species New to Science
The ESF Top 10 New Species for 2015 College of Environmental Science and Forestry
2015-related lists
2015
2015
Lists of plants
Carlos Gardini (August 26, 1948 – March 1, 2017) was an Argentine translator and science fiction and fantasy writer. During their lifetime, they were one of the most productive and well known Argentine writers within the science fiction genre.
Education
Gardini studied at the University of Buenos Aires. In 1986, Gardini received a Fulbright scholarship to participate in the International Writing Program at the University of Iowa.
Career
Writings
Gardini's writing took off with their 1982 writing, "Primera línea" (front line). The short story, influenced by the events of the contemporaneous Falklands War, received the Premio Círculo de Lectores (Writers Circle prize) from a panel of judges including Jorge Luis Borges and José Donoso. In 1991, Gardini digitally published the novel El Libro de la Tierra Negra, which went on to win the 1991 Axxón Prize, and the 1992 Más Allá Prize awarded by the Argentine Science Fiction and Fantasy Circle. The novel has since been republished in print. In 1996, Gardini won the Premio UPC for their novel Los Ojos de un Dios en celo (The Eyes of a God in Heat).
Translations
Gardini published Spanish translations of a number of English language works by both contemporary and classical authors including Isaac Asimov, J. G. Ballard, John Steinbeck, Kurt Vonnegut and William Shakespeare. Gardini has been noted for their role in making English language science fiction works more available to the Spanish speaking public.
Works
Primera línea (1982)
Mi cerebro animal (Minotauro, 1983)
Primera línea (collection) (Editorial Sudamericana, 1983)
Sinfonía Cero (Riesa, 1984)
Juegos malabares (Minotauro, 1984)
Cuentos de Vendavalia (1988)
El libro de la Tierra Negra (Axxón, 1993)
Cuentos de Vendavalia / Vendavalia Tales (Random House Mondadori, 2004)
Sobre la fotografía (translated from Susan Sontag's On Photography) (Alfaguara, 2005)
References
1948 births
2017 deaths
People from Buenos Aires
Argentine writers
Argentine science fiction writers
Argentine male short story writers
Argentine male writers
Argentine novelists
Argentine translators
University of Buenos Aires alumni
English–Spanish translators
Wildflowers is the debut album by Canadian country music artist Cassandra Vasik. It was released by Epic Records in 1991. The album includes the Top 5 single "Which Face Should I Put on Tonight."
Track listing
All songs written by Tim Thorney and Erica Ehm
"The Black Book"
"Burning Witches"
"Which Face Should I Put On Tonight"
"When Will I Become a Man"
"It Comes Back to You"
"Those Stars"
"Fading Footsteps"
"Painted Cafe"
"Wildflowers"
"I Walk Alone"
"Innocence"
"Talk Around Me"
References
External links
[ Wildflowers] at Allmusic
1991 debut albums
Cassandra Vasik albums
Epic Records albums
Emily Jane Rushton (1850 – 30 June 1939) was a British archer. They competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London. Rushton competed at the 1908 Games in the only archery event open to women, the double National round. They took 24th place in the event with 323 points.
References
References
Emily Rushton's profile at Sports Reference.com
1850 births
1939 deaths
Archers at the 1908 Summer Olympics
Olympic archers of Great Britain
British female archers
Walt Williams (born 7 May 1985) is a Grenadian retired track and field athlete who specialized in the throwing events. On April 28, 2007 they threw the shot put a distance of 17.26 m, in the process setting a national record. They won medals at the CARIFTA Games in both discus and shot put from 2000 to 2004. They represented Grenada at the 2006 NACAC Under-23 Championships in Athletics, finishing in fifth place.
In 2016 they launched a sporting club in order to develop athletes with the aim of having them qualify for the 2020 summer olympics.
Competition record
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
Male shot putters
Grenadian male athletes
Dahlan Djambek (1917 — 13 September 1961) was a military officer, independence fighter, and minister in the Cabinet of the Revolutionary Government of the Republic of Indonesia (PRRI). During the Japanese occupation of West Sumatra, they were appointed Chairman of the Sumatra Chokai.
Early life and education
Dahlan Djambek was born in 1917 at Bukittinggi, the son of a Minangkabau cleric, Sheikh Muhammad Jamil Jambek. In the pre-independence period, they were first educated in West Sumatra before receiving secondary education at Christelijk Algemene Middelbare School (AMS) in Salemba.
Military career
In late 1943, with Japan beginning to lose the Pacific War, its government issued orders to form volunteer units in occupied Indonesia. Djambek joined this organization, becoming one of the first local officers to be trained by Japan in West Sumatra. After Japan's surrender and the proclamation of Indonesian independence, the nascent People's Security Army formed units across the country, and Djambek was appointed as division commander of the 3rd "Banteng" Division active in Central Sumatra (modern West Sumatra and Riau). Under Djambek's orders and planning, the division in 1946 crushed a revolutionary commune in Baso, Agam which had been robbing travellers and attacking government officials in its vicinity. The movement's leaders were executed, along with many followers. Djambek was later reassigned to head the army subcommand in Central Sumatra, while the division's command itself was transferred to .
Djambek was in Jakarta in early 1948, taking part in negotiations with the Dutch as an envoy of the Sumatran army command along with Maludin Simbolon. Following Operation Kraai late that year, Indonesian forces in West Sumatra were scattered, as the units were in a process of reorganisation with army leaders being away from their units. Djambek was near Bukittinggi during the offensive, and they aided the demoralized soldiers in reforming their units and allowed Indonesian forces to maintain control of regions north of Bukittinggi. This, however, caused some friction with their former subordinate Colonel Abdul Halim, who was commander of the northern territories. Djambek was also appointed as military regent of Agam Regency surrounding Bukittinggi by military governor .
After December 1950, Djambek was appointed as Military Attaché of the Republic of Indonesia in London. They were then appointed as deputy Army Chief of Staff, handling financial affairs. They resigned this post after they were accused of corruption in the purchase of military shoes.
After their resignation from the army headquarters, they left Jakarta and moved to Padang, where they were appointed Secretary General of the Gerakan Bersama Anti-Komunis (Gebak) which was founded in West Sumatra in September 1958. Dahlan resigned after months of attacks by pro-Communist Party of Indonesia (PKI) newspapers and their house was attacked with grenades by unknown assailants. Together with Gebak, Dahlan Djambek expanded the anti-communist movement in West Sumatra and accused the PKI of being the cause of the Sukarno-Hatta rift.
Joining the PRRI
Dahlan Djambek was involved in the Revolutionary Government of the Republic of Indonesia (PRRI), a rival government proclaimed by several figures in West Sumatra in 1958, due to dissatisfaction with the Old Order government led by President Sukarno. In the PRRI Cabinet, Dahlan served as Minister of Home Affairs and Minister of Posts and Telecommunications. At that time, they held the rank of Colonel and led the Banteng Division.
After appeals were unsuccessful, the central government sent troops from Java, which ultimately succeeded in suppressing the PRRI movement. Dahlan Djambek and other PRRI figures then fought a guerrilla war in the forests of Central Sumatra. When they were about to surrender in 1961, Dahlan was shot and killed in the village of Lariang, Palupuh, Agam by OPR (Organisasi Perlawanan Rakyat) troops, a paramilitary force trained by the central government.
References
1917 births
1961 deaths
People from Bukittinggi
Minangkabau people
Indonesian military personnel
Birender Singh may refer to:
Birender Singh (politician, born 1921) (1921–2009), Indian politician
Birender Singh (politician, born 1946), Indian politician
Mathias Krathmann Gehrt (born 7 June 1992) is a Danish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Nykøbing FC in the Danish 1st Division.
Club career
Born in Copenhagen, Mathias Gehrt was a Brøndby IF youth graduate, and made their debut with the first team on 6 March 2011, coming on as a 64th-minute substitute for Ousman Jallow in a 1–1 home draw against Lyngby. Gehrt scored their first senior goal against Silkeborg on 3 April, netting the first of a 2–2 home draw.
On 22 August 2013, Gehrt signed a two-year deal with ADO Den Haag.
On 31 August 2016, Gehrt cut ties with ADO. A few weeks later, they signed with Danish 1st Division side FC Helsingør on a deal for the rest of 2016, after a successful tryout. However, their contract was not extended, and they subsequently signed a two-year deal with FC Roskilde.
On 1 September 2018, they signed a deal with Nykøbing FC.
References
External links
Profile at dbu.dk
Voetbal International profile
1992 births
Living people
Danish footballers
Danish expatriate footballers
Association football midfielders
Danish Superliga players
Eredivisie players
ADO Den Haag players
Brøndby IF players
FC Roskilde players
Nykøbing FC players
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Footballers from Copenhagen
Unipol Gruppo S.p.A. is an Italian financial services holding company operating in the insurance and banking fields with headquarters in the Unipol Tower, Bologna. As of 2009 it was ranked as the country's fourth-largest insurer.
The company trades under a number of brands: for insurance it uses the brands UnipolSai Assicurazioni, Linear Assicurazioni, Linear Life, UniSalute and Arca Vita.
History
Unipol Assicurazioni was founded in 1962 in Bologna as a cooperative provider of non-life insurance.
In 1995 the company entered a partnership arrangement with the banking group Casse Emiliano Romagnole, whereby Unipol sold its products through the bank's networks. The partnership also involved complex deals in ownership. As at 31 December 1995, Unipol owned 3.64% shares of CAER; CAER in turn owned 9.80% shares of Unipol's parent company Finsoe. CAER also owned Banca dell'Economia Cooperativa through 6.99% shares owned by CAER directly, as well as an additional 13% shares of the bank owned by CAER's subsidiary Cassa di Risparmio in Bologna (Carisbo). Through Carisbo's subsidiary, FINCAER, the bank group also purchased a minority ownership from Unipol in UniSalute (9.9%) and in Noricum Assicurazioni (34%), In 1996 FINCAER had a minority ownership in Linear Assicurazioni (20%), as well as the ownership in Noricum which increased to 44%.
Since 1998 Unipol started to build their own bank networks, to sell their own products, which gave birth to Unipol Banca. In the same year Unipol founded a 50-50 joint venture company Quadrifoglio Vita with Banca Agricola Mantovana. In December 2000 Unipol purchased 51% shares of BNL Vita, a joint venture with Banca Nazionale del Lavoro from Assicurazioni Generali.
In 2001 Unipol bought back the 9.9% shares of UniSalute and 20% of Linear Assicurazioni. Cardine Banca (ex-CAER) also sold all the shares of Unipol Banca and Finsoe to third parties.
2000s
In December 2003 Unipol subscribed to the capital increases of Reti Bancarie, a sub-holding company of Banca Popolare Italiana for €173.4 million. In return Aurora Assicurazioni got the rights to sell their products in the bank networks of Reti Bancarie. BPI was involved in a failed takeover of Antonveneta, part of the bancopoli that was exposed in 2005. In early 2006 Unipol's takeover bid of Banca Nazionale del Lavoro was rejected by the Bank of Italy. BNL was acquired by BNP Paribas instead, consequently the French company acquired 4.5% shares of Unipol's parent company Finsoe.
After the failed takeover bid Unipol saw its CEO Giovanni Consorte resign in the midst of the bancopoli scandal. Consorte was later convicted for insider trading. Under Consorte's replacements Pierluigi Stefanini and Carlo Salvatori, the company underwent extensive restructuring in 2007.
Under the restructure scheme, Unipol Assicurazioni (also known as Compagnia Assicuratrice Unipol) was to be renamed as Unipol Gruppo Finanziario, and a new subsidiary Unipol Assicurazioni would be set up.
As at 31 December 2007 the holding company controlled five insurance companies: Unipol Assicurazioni (100%), Aurora Assicurazioni (100%), Linear Assicurazioni (100%), Navale Assicurazioni (99.83%) and UniSalute (98.48%).
In 2008 Quadrifoglio Vita was sold to AXA.
In 2010 a 60% stake of Arca Vita was bought from Banca Popolare dell'Emilia Romagna (BPER) and Banca Popolare di Sondrio (BPSO); a 31.56% minority stake of Arca Assicurazioni was acquired from BPER, BPSO, Banca Popolare di Marostica, Credito Siciliano and Banca Popolare Sant'Angelo.
In 2011 BNP Paribas bought back BNL Vita from Unipol.
In 2014 [new] Unipol Assicurazioni, a subsidiary of Unipol was merged with Milano Assicurazioni, Premafin (a holding company related to Fondiaria-Sai) and Fondiaria-Sai to form UnipolSai.
References
External links
Financial services companies established in 1963
Insurance companies of Italy
Companies based in Bologna
Holding companies established in 2007
Holding companies of Italy
Unipol Group
Cooperatives in Italy
Lúzsok is a village in Baranya county, Hungary.
External links
Street map
Populated places in Baranya County
Vice Admiral Ralph Lucien Hennessy DSC, CD (4 September 1918 – 13 June 2014) was a senior officer in the Royal Canadian Navy.
Naval career
Hennessy joined the Royal Canadian Navy as a cadet in 1935. They served in the Second World War in command of the destroyers , and . They went on to be Deputy Chief of Naval Personnel in 1960, Flag Officer Atlantic Coast in 1963 and Chair of Military Manpower in 1964. Their last role was as Principal Naval Adviser from 1966 to 1968.
Awards and decorations
Hennessy's personal awards and decorations include the following:
125px
135px
115px
130px
References
Canadian admirals
Recipients of the Distinguished Service Cross (United Kingdom)
Canadian military personnel of World War II
1918 births
2014 deaths
13 Ah Visnaa Dhehaas is a 2012 Maldivian political comedy short film directed by Abdulla Muaz. Produced by Mohamed Abdulla under Dhekedheke Ves Productions, the film stars Abdulla, Niuma Mohamed, Ismail Rasheed and Fathimath Azifa in pivotal roles. The entire film was shot in R. Ungoofaaru. At the 3rd Maldives Film Awards ceremony, the film was nominated in eight categories.
Premise
The film revolves around the conflict of two political parties, Maldives Democratic Party (MDP) and Progressive Party of the Maldives (PPM) where two couples representing each party involves in political and personal complications in regards to the 2013 Presidency of the Maldives. The film also incorporates several actual footage from the campaign events held by MDP. The film ends with PPM activist, Hussein Fulhu (Mohamed Abdulla) and MDP activist, Ismail Fulhu (Ismail Rasheed) unintentionally divorcing their respective wives, Zuleykha (Fathimath Azifa) and Mariyam Zeeniya (Niuma Mohamed).
Cast
Mohamed Abdulla as Hussein Fulhu
Niuma Mohamed as Mariyam Zeeniya
Ismail Rasheed as Ismail Fulhu
Fathimath Azifa as Zuleykha
Ali Waheed as President Mohamed Nasheed
Soundtrack
Accolades
References
Maldivian short films
2012 short films
2012 films
Rymer may refer to:
Surname
James Malcolm Rymer (1814–1884), Scottish writer of penny dreadfuls
Janice Rymer, British consultant gynaecologist
Józef Rymer (1882–1922), Polish and Silesian activist and politician
Laurie Rymer, (b. 1934), Australian rules footballer
Michael Rymer (b. 1963), Australian television and film director
Pamela Ann Rymer (1941–2011), United States federal judge
Russ Rymer, author and freelance journalist
Terry Rymer (b. 1967), English motorcycle road racer and truck racer
Thomas Rymer (c. 1643–1713), English historiographer royal
Thomas A. Rymer (1925–2016), American politician and judge
Given name
Rymer Liriano (b. 1991), Dominican professional baseball outfielder
Rymer Point, cape in the Canadian Arctic territory of Nunavut
See also
Paddle and rymer weir an old type of weir
On 6 December 2019, at least 11 people, including seven police officers, were shot dead on or outside a bus in Kenya. The Medina Bus Company vehicle and its passengers were attacked on a road in a rural area between Wajir and Mandera in northeastern Kenya. Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for the attack.
Background
The Islamist militant group Al-Shabaab has been opposed to Kenyan involvement in the Somali Civil War. The terrorist group has previously attacked the suburb of Westlands during the 2013 Westgate shopping mall attack, which left 67 people dead. In 2015, Al-Shabaab terrorists were involved in mass shooting of Garissa University College students leaving 147 dead and many others injured. In 2019 two attacks occurred in the same month of each other, including the attack on January 15, 2019 an attack on a hotel in Nairobi which killed 21 individuals. The second attack happened in less than two weeks near a Kenya Cinema bus stop which injured two individuals.
Attack
Gunmen associated with Al-Shabaab killed 11 people including seven Kenya Police officers on a bus traveling through Wargadadud and Kutulu in Wajir, Kenya.
References
2019 mass shootings in Africa
2019 bus shooting
21st-century mass murder in Africa
Al-Shabaab (militant group) attacks in Kenya
December 2019 crimes in Africa
Mass murder in 2019
Bus shooting
Terrorist incidents on buses in Africa
Wajir County
Geocaulon is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the family Santalaceae containing the single species Geocaulon lividum, which is known by the common names northern comandra and false toadflax. It is native to northern North America, where it is common and widespread from Alaska to Newfoundland and into the northernmost contiguous United States.
This plant is a perennial herb which grows from rhizomes located in the humus. It produces stems up to tall and inflorescences with two or three greenish or purplish flowers, one of which is generally perfect while the others are male. The fruit is an orange drupe containing one seed. This plant grows as a hemiparasite on other species. It produces haustoria which tap the roots of host plants such as spruce, pine, birch, willow, alder, and twinflower.
This plant grows in many types of moist boreal habitat. It occurs in many types of coniferous and deciduous forests, bogs, and other wetlands. It is found in spruce forests on the taiga of Alaska and it is an indicator of continental boreal and cool temperate climate in British Columbia. It is found alongside plant species such as American green alder (Alnus viridis ssp. crispa), bog Labrador tea (Ledum groenlandicum), bearberry (Arctostaphylos uva-ursi), crowberry (Empetrum nigrum), twinflower (Linnaea borealis), prickly rose (Rosa acicularis), mountain cranberry (Vaccinium vitis-idaea), bog blueberry (Vaccinium uliginosum), highbush cranberry (Viburnum edule), bunchberry (Cornus canadensis), one-sided wintergreen (Orthilia secunda), bluejoint reedgrass (Calamagrostis canadensis), horsetails (Equisetum spp.), feathermosses (Hylocomium splendens and Pleurozium schreberi), and lichens (Cladonia spp. and Peltigera aphthosa).
References
External links
Santalaceae
Monotypic Santalales genera
Merve Terzioğlu (24 February 1987 – 7 April 2008) was a Turkish swimmer in the sports club Galatasaray the latest and before that (2002–2006) in Fenerbahçe, both teams in leading positions nationally in Turkey. They were the holder of two national records and was Balkan champions and had obtained a third place in the COMEN Cup Swimming Competition of Mediterranean countries. They competed in the 200 m breaststroke.
Part of the swimming team of Delta State University in their first season as first-year student, Terzioğlu was described as a standout performer and had garnered the Most Valuable Swimmer Award at the New South Intercollegiate Swim Conference Championships in February 2008.
They and their teammate Molly Bates died from injuries received in a one-auto car accident in Cleveland, Mississippi, that occurred on 29 March 2008, Molly Bates losing their lives on the spot and Merve Terzioğlu eight days later on 7 April.
See also
Turkish women in sports
References
Sportspeople from Istanbul
Turkish female swimmers
Galatasaray Swimming swimmers
Fenerbahçe swimmers
Delta State University alumni
1987 births
2008 deaths
Road incident deaths in Tennessee
Turkish female breaststroke swimmers
Antonio Elizalde Aldabaldetrecu is a Spanish lightweight rower. They won a gold medal at the 1979 World Rowing Championships in Bled with the lightweight men's eight.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Spanish male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Spain
Living people
20th-century Spanish people
Azteca coeruleipennis is a species of ant in the genus Azteca. Described by Emery in 1893, the species is endemic to several countries in North America and Central America.
References
Azteca (genus)
Hymenoptera of North America
Insects described in 1893
Park Hwan-hee (born October 13, 1990) is a South Korean actor and model. They began to be known for being in the 2016 popular television series Descendants of the Sun.
Personal life
Park married rapper Bill Stax on July 30, 2011 and divorced 15 months later. They have one son, named Shin Seop.
Filmography
Television series
Music video appearances
References
External links
South Korean television actores
1990 births
Living people
21st-century South Korean actores
Department of Films and Publications is a Bangladesh government department, under the Ministry of Information, responsible for regulating the film and publication industries. S M Golam Kibria is the Director General of the department. It is located in Circuit house road, Dhaka, Bangladesh.
History
Department of Films and Publications was established in 1971 by the government of Bangladesh in exile in Kolkata during the Bangladesh Liberation war. It is the government regulatory department that provides licenses for publications and films. It is also responsible for publishing and producing work on the history of Bangladesh. Newspapers, magazines, and other publications are registered with the department. It is responsible for Bangladesh Film Archive, responsible for archiving films made in Bangladesh. On 1 March 2017, Bangladesh Betar announced that they would work with Department of Films and Publications to produce programs for radios in Bangladesh that would highlight the development activities of the government.
References
Government departments of Bangladesh
1971 establishments in Bangladesh
Organisations based in Dhaka
The Lament for the Destruction of Hungary by the Tartars (Latin Planctus destructionis regni Hungariae per Tartaros) is a prominent piece of medieval Latin Hungarian poetry. It was written in 1242, shortly after the invasion of Hungary by the Tartars of Batu Khan, by a monk in the retinue of King Béla IV.
In the lament, the poet expresses the view that the invasion is God's punishment for the sins of the Hungarians. The poem is very visual, showing the gruesome invasion of Hungary and the atrocities committed by the Tartars.
The poem begins with an appeal to God, where the persona recognises Their supremacy and that Their judgement is perfect. In the final section, the persona implores God to deliver the nation from its troubles.
Sources
Planctus destructionis regni Hungariae per Tartaros at The Latin Library
Hungarian poetry
Medieval Latin poetry
OPS 5118, also known as Navstar 6, GPS I-6 and GPS SVN-6, was an American navigation satellite launched in 1980 as part of the Global Positioning System development programme. It was the sixth of eleven Block I GPS satellites to be launched.
Background
Global Positioning System (GPS) was developed by the U.S. Department of Defense to provide all-weather round-the-clock navigation capabilities for military ground, sea, and air forces. Since its implementation, GPS has also become an integral asset in numerous civilian applications and industries around the globe, including recreational used (e.g., boating, aircraft, hiking), corporate vehicle fleet tracking, and surveying. GPS employs 24 spacecraft in 20,200 km circular orbits inclined at 55°. These vehicles are placed in 6 orbit planes with four operational satellites in each plane.
Spacecraft
The first eleven spacecraft (GPS Block 1) were used to demonstrate the feasibility of the GPS system. They were 3-axis stabilized, nadir pointing using reaction wheels. Dual solar arrays supplied over 400 watts. They had S-band communications for control and telemetry and Ultra high frequency (UHF) cross-link between spacecraft. They were manufactured by Rockwell Space Systems, were 5.3 meters across with solar panels deployed, and had a design life expectancy of 5 years. Unlike the later operational satellites, GPS Block 1 spacecraft were inclined at 63°.
Launch
OPS 5118 was launched at 22:00 UTC on 26 April 1980, atop an Atlas F launch vehicle with an SGS-1 upper stage. The Atlas used had the serial number 34F, and was originally built as an Atlas F. The launch took place from Space Launch Complex 3E at Vandenberg Air Force Base, and placed OPS 5118 into a transfer orbit. The satellite raised itself into medium Earth orbit using a Star-27 apogee motor.
Mission
By 16 May 1980, OPS 5118 had been raised to an orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , a period of 717.94 minutes, and 62.8° of inclination to the equator. The satellite had a design life of 5 years and a mass of . It broadcast the PRN 09 signal in the GPS demonstration constellation, and was retired from service on 6 March 1991.
References
Spacecraft launched in 1980
GPS satellites
Alejandro Zaera Polo is a Spanish architect, theorist and founder of Alejandro Zaera-Polo & Maider Llaguno Architecture (AZPML). They were formerly dean of the Princeton University School of Architecture and of the Berlage Institute in Rotterdam.
Career
Alejandro Zaera-Polo was born in Madrid, Spain on 17 October 1963. They graduated with honors from the Escuela Técnica Superior de Arquitectura de Madrid, and subsequently obtained a Master in Architecture (MARCH II) at the Graduate School of Design, Harvard University in 1991, with distinction.
Architectural Practice
They worked at the Office for Metropolitan Architecture (OMA) in Rotterdam between 1991 and 1993. In 1993, they co-founded Foreign Office Architects . The company produced architectural projects in Japan, the United States, the Netherlands, and Spain.
In June 2011, after the dissolution of FOA, they established Alejandro Zaera-Polo Architecture (AZPA) renamed Alejandro Zaera-Polo & Maider Llaguno Architecture (AZPML).
They have also been an advisor to the Quality Commission for Architecture in Barcelona and a contributor to the Urban Age Think Tank of the London School of Economics. They have published as a critic in professional magazines worldwide. El Croquis, Quaderns, A+U, Arch+, Harvard Design Magazine, Log, and other magazines have published their writings.
They were the inaugural co-director of the Seoul Architecture Biennale in 2017.
Academic career
Alejandro Zaera-Polo has maintained in parallel an academic career. They were the Dean of the School of Architecture at Princeton University (2012–2014), the Dean of the Berlage Institute in Rotterdam, and the inaugural beneficiary of the Norman Foster Visiting Professorship at Yale University. Prior to that, they were a Unit Master at the Architectural Association School of Architecture and has been a Visiting Critic at University of California, Los Angeles, Columbia University in New York, the School of Architecture in Madrid, and the Yokohama School of Architecture.
Plagiarism Controversy
While serving as Dean at Princeton University, Princeton architecture was featured at the Venice Biennale of Architecture in 2014. Zaera-Polo abruptly left their role as Dean, after they were accused by the Princeton University President of "plagiarizing parts of a text they produced for the “Elements of Architecture” exhibition curated by Rem Koolhaas at the 2014 Venice Biennale". Architect Rem Koolhaas emailed the Biennale's director to deny any wrongdoing by Zaera-Polo. Zaera-Polo also denied the accusations and as a result, Zaera-Polo filed a lawsuit against the university in 2016.
Dismissal and Gonzo Ethnography of Academic Authority
In the summer of 2021, Zaera-Polo was dismissed from their faculty position at the Princeton School of Architecture. In a series of seven videos under the title "A Gonzo Ethnography of Academic Authority. Princeton 2014-2021", Zaera-Polo has accused Princeton University, and the Dean of the School of Architecture of deceitful and dishonest behavior, breach of the university rules, disregard for academic freedom, systemic misuse of affirmative action policies, conflict of interest, manipulation of evidence and coercion of students among others The seven-session document is referred to a downloadable folder of related evidence, with a summary text titled "The Fascisms of Identity in the Post-truth University". In the letter of dismissal contained in the evidence released by Zaera-Polo, Princeton University President Christopher Eisgruber cites reasons for Zaera-Polo's dismissal including "callous disregard for student well-being," "mistreating graduate students," "research misconduct" and "harass[ing]" colleagues." In turn, Zaera-Polo has accused President Eisgruber of "slander", "conflict of interest", "neglect of duty" and "deceitful behavior", and published related evidence in a link supplied in the videos. On June 7, 2022, The Daily Princetonian published an exposé diving into the events that led to Zaera-Polo's dismissal, which the former professor attributed to "cancel culture" and suppressed "academic freedom."
Selected projects
Foreign Office Architects (FOA)
Ōsanbashi Pier, also known as Yokohama Terminal, Yokohama, Japan (1995–2002)
Bluemoon Hotel, Groningen, The Netherlands (1999–2000)
Police headquarters, La Villajoyosa, Spain (2000-2003)
Coastal park with outdoor auditoriums, Barcelona, Spain (2000-2004)
Municipal Theatre, Torrevieja, Spain (2000-2006)
La Rioja Technology Transfer Centre, Logrono (2003-2007)
Bamboo Building, a social housing in Madrid (2004-7)
Spanish Pavilion at the 2005 International Expo, Aichi (2004-5)
Headquarters for Dulnyouk Publishers, Paju, South Korea (2000-5)
Meydan Retail Complex and Multiplex, Istanbul, Turkey (2005-7)
John Lewis department store and Cineplex and pedestrian bridges, Leicester, UK (2000-2008)
Villa in Pedralbes, Barcelona, Spain (2004-8)
D-38 Office Complex, Barcelona (2004–2009)
New Street station, Birmingham (2008–15)
Ravensbourne college on the Greenwich Peninsula, London (2005-2010)
Trinity EC3 office complex, City of London (2003-)
Mixed-use extension of West Quay II retail centre, Southampton (2002-)
Sevenstone Quarter mixed-use complex, Sheffield, UK (2007-)
Hadspen Gardens, Somerset, UK (2005-)
The Palace Residential Towers in Busan, South Korea (2006–2011)
Euston station, London, UK (2008-not completed)
Museum of Contemporary Art, Cleveland, Ohio, USA (2006-)
KL Central Plot D Residential Towers, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia (2006-)
Alejandro Zaera-Polo & Maider Llaguno Architecture (AZPML)
Birmingham New Street Redevelopment, Birmingham UK (2015)
2014 ISAF Sailing World Championship Facilities in Santander, Spain (2014)
Locarno Palazzo del Cinema, Switzerland (2017)
Fundacion Cerezales, Leon, Spain (2017)
Pedestrian Bridge, Bellinzona, Switzerland (2019)
Shenzhen Superheadquarters Green Axis, Shenzhen, China (2020)
Korean Museum of Urbanism and Architecture, South Korea (2020-)
Awards
This is a list of select awards and honors given to Zaera-Polo.
Enric Miralles Prize for Architecture (2003)
Kanagawa Prize for Architecture in Japan (2003)
RIBA International Award (2004)
Lion Award for Topography at the 9th Venice Architecture Biennale (2004)
Charles Jencks Award for Architecture (2005)
RIBA International Award (2005) for their work with Foreign Office Architects (FOA)
RIBA International Award (2006)
RIBA European Award (2008)
European Business Award for the Environment (2008)
Urban Land Institute Award for Excellence (2008)
RIBA Award (2009)
Civic Trust Award (2010)
International Council of Shopping Centres Award (2010)
International Architecture Award (2010)
Mario Pani Prize, Anahuac University, Mexico City (2021)
In popular culture
In Tite Kubo's manga series Bleach, the character Szayelaporro Grantz is named after Alejandro Zaera-Polo.
Publications
Books
This book is about FOA and the construction of the Yokohama Terminal (Ōsanbashi Pier).
The Yokohama Project, a monograph, Actar, Barcelona, Spain, 2002
Phylogenesis: foa's ark, Actar, Barcelona, Spain, 2003
Foreign Office Architects, Complexity and consistency, A monograph, El Croquis, # 115/116, Madrid, Spain, 2003
FOA's ark evolving container for the proliferating singularities, Korean Architecture and Culture Magazine, December 2004
The Sniper's Log. Architectural Chronicles of Generation X. Actar, Barcelona, Spain, 2013.
What Is Cosmopolitical Design? Design, Nature and the Built Environment Routledge, Oxfordshire, UK, 2017 (Edited with Albena Yaneva)
Imminent Commons: Urban Questions for the Near Future Actar, Barcelona, Spain, 2017. (Edited with Hyungmin Pai)
Imminent Commons: The Expanded City. Actar, Barcelona, Spain, 2017 (Edited with Jeffrey S. Anderson)
Arquitetura em Diálogo Ubu Editora, São Paulo, Brazil, 2018
The Ecologies of the Building Envelope. A Material History and Theory of Architectural Surfaces Actar, Barcelona, Spain, 2021. (with Jeffrey S. Anderson)
Other texts
Interview with Peter Macapia, Log, #3, Fall 2004
‘A Scientific Autobiography, 1982-2004: Madrid, Harvard, OMA, the AA, Yokohama, the Globe', in The New Architectural Pragmatism, (ed. William S. Saunders), Minneapolis: University of Minnesota Press, 2007
‘30 St Mary's Axe: Form isn't Facile', Log, #4, Winter 2005
‘The Hokusai Wave', Volume, #3, September 2005
‘High-rise Phylum 2007', Harvard Design Magazine, Spring 2007
The Endless City (eds. Richard Burdett and Deyan Sudjic), Phaidon, 2007.
'The Politics of the Envelope', Log #13|14, Fall 2008
'The Politics of the Envelope', Volume #17, Fall 2008
'Well Into the 21st Century The Architectures of Post-Capitalism?' El Croquis #187, Nov. 2017
References
External links
AZPML
1963 births
Living people
Harvard Graduate School of Design alumni
People from Madrid
People involved in plagiarism controversies
Polytechnic University of Madrid alumni
Spanish architects
The Journal of Early Intervention is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of special education. The journal's editor-in-chief is Laurie A. Dinnebeil (University of Toledo).
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in Scopus and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2017 impact factor is 1.241, ranking it 18th out of 40 journals in the category "Education, Special",. 39th out of 69 journals in the category "Rehabilitation", and 38th out of 59 journals in the category "Psychology, Educational".
References
External links
Division for Early Childhood
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Quarterly journals
Special education journals
Publications established in 1981
The Western Kentucky Hilltoppers football statistical leaders are individual statistical leaders of the Western Kentucky Hilltoppers football program in various categories, including passing, rushing, receiving, total offense, defensive stats, and kicking. Within those areas, the lists identify single-game, single-season, and career leaders. The Hilltoppers represent Western Kentucky University (WKU) in the NCAA's Conference USA (C-USA).
Although Western Kentucky began competing in intercollegiate football in 1908, the school's official record book considers the "modern era" to have begun the 1950s. Records from before this decade are often incomplete and inconsistent, and they are generally not included in these lists.
These lists are dominated by more recent players for several reasons:
Since 1951, seasons have increased from 10 games to 11 and then 12 games in length.
C-USA has held a championship game since 2005. Since joining the league in 2014, WKU has appeared in three title games, winning in 2015 and 2016 and losing in 2021.
The NCAA didn't allow freshmen to play varsity football until 1972 (with the exception of the World War II years), allowing players to have four-year careers.
Postseason games only began counting toward single-season and career statistics in 2002. Since then, the Hilltoppers have appeared the FCS Playoffs three times and in eight bowl games.
Due to COVID-19, the NCAA declared that the 2020 season would not count against any player's athletic eligibility, thus giving anyone who appeared in a game during that season five years of eligibility instead of the standard four.
These lists are updated through the 2021 season.
Passing
Passing yards
Passing touchdowns
Rushing
Rushing yards
Rushing touchdowns
Receiving
Receptions
Receiving yards
Receiving touchdowns
Total offense
Total offense is the sum of passing and rushing statistics. It does not include receiving or returns.
Total offense yards
Touchdowns responsible for
"Touchdowns responsible for" is the NCAA's official term for combined passing and rushing touchdowns. Note that Western's most recent (2021) football media guide does not list leaders in this statistic over any time frame, though past media guides have done so.
Defense
Interceptions
Tackles
Sacks
Kicking
Field goals made
Field goal percentage
Minimum of 20 career attempts and 10 single-season attempts.
Footnotes
References
Western Kentucky
Young Nick's Head is a headland at the southern end of Poverty Bay in New Zealand's North Island. The area is the landing place of the Horouta and Te Ikaroa-a-Rauru waka which carried Māori settlers to the region around 1350 AD. In Māori, the promontory is named Te Kuri o Pāoa (alternatively known as Te Kuri, or Te Kuri a Pawa).
The settlement of Muriwai is located just inland.
Name
Young Nick's Head has often been misinterpreted to be the first land sighted by the crew of Captain James Cook's ship, Endeavour on Friday 6 October 1769. Cook promised a reward to the first crewman to sight land and this reward was delivered to 12-year-old Nicholas Young, assistant to the ship's surgeon, in the form of two gallons of rum and the name of a prominent landmark.
Prior to Cook's arrival, the headland was known to Māori as Te Kuri o Pāoa, which translates to "The Dog of Pāoa". Māori legends recount that Pāoa lost their dog in the Poverty Bay area and the dog is still there waiting for their master to return. It is said at dawn the white cliffs resemble the outline of a dog in a crouching position.
Nick's Head Station
Nick's Head Station consists of the headland and its surrounding coastal, wetland and farming areas. The 661 hectare property is currently owned by New York financier John Griffin. After acquiring the property in 2002, Griffin engaged in a long-term plan to restore the area's vegetation and wildlife. Across the station over 600,000 trees were planted, 26 hectares of wetlands were restored, and a 2-metre-high predator-proof fence was constructed as native species such as Tuatara, Blue Penguin and Wētā were reintroduced. In 2005 Ecoworks, an ecological restoration company in Gisborne, successfully used solar-powered, acoustic-attraction methods and artificial burrows to establish breeding colonies of six pelagic seabird species at Young Nick's Head which had previously been severely affected by human colonisation and the introduction of new predators.
Protest of sale (2002)
Nick's Head Station was listed for sale in November 2000. In January 2002, John Griffin entered into a contract to purchase the property for $4 million after an earlier attempt made by the Ngai Tamanuhiri iwi failed through lack of finance. Protesting against foreign ownership of the culturally and historically significant land, a group of local Māori led by Tu Wyllie occupied Young Nick's Head and staged protests at Parliament.
After negotiations with iwi took place, then Finance Minister Michael Cullen announced in August 2002 that “Young Nick's Head will be protected and the cliffs, pā site and peak of Te Kuri gifted into public ownership as part of a purchase deal for Young Nick's Station”. Griffin also agreed upon purchasing the land to establish an open covenant through the Queen Elizabeth II National Trust to protect the remainder of the headland area from commercial development.
References
Headlands of the Gisborne District
History of the Gisborne District
WordZap is a puzzle video game designed by Michael F.C. Crick, son of scientist Francis Crick. In 1991, it was included with Volume 3 of the Microsoft Entertainment Pack and was later released by Jaleco for the Game Boy in 1992. An updated version for newer editions of Microsoft Windows is available on the game's official website as shareware. The game has been compared with Scrabble and Boggle; in WordZap, players race to make words proper English words to fill their rack of words, but when one player makes a word already found by the other player, the word is "zapped" from both players' racks. Each round ends when either one player fills the word rack, or time runs out without either player being able to make another word.
Gameplay
In the Game Boy version, players can choose between 3, 4, or 5-letter words. They can also enable or disable hints, allow or disallow plural forms of words and even choose the level of vocabulary used in the game. Each round has a different theme attached to it (e.g., "Any Letter"). Players have a limited time to solve each round before it ends. They also have a choice between the conventional "WordZap" mode and the "WordHai" mode; which permits players to create 3-letter words from a set of 21 tiles. Removing a tile from the screen requires using it; opening up options for building new words.
There is a built-in dictionary using a complete list of ten thousand English language words. Two players can compete against other using a Game Link. Only the "WordZap" mode is available for two-player play. All types of skill levels are accommodated in this game from novice players to experts.
References
External links
1991 video games
Game Boy games
Jaleco games
Realtime Associates games
Windows games
Word games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Video games developed in the United States
John Shaw (born 23 May 1937 – 1995) is an Australian sailor and Olympic champion. They competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, where they received a gold medal in the dragon class, together with crew members John Cuneo and Thomas Anderson.
In 2018, Shaw was inducted to the Australian Sailing Hall of Fame alongside Cuneo and Anderson.
See also
List of Olympic medalists in Dragon class sailing
References
External links
1937 births
1995 deaths
Australian male sailors (sport)
Olympic sailors of Australia
Sailors at the 1972 Summer Olympics – Dragon
Olympic gold medalists for Australia
Olympic medalists in sailing
Medalists at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Sport Australia Hall of Fame inductees
Margot Sanger-Katz is an American journalist, currently working for the New York Times, where they cover health policy. Prior to joining the Times, they worked for National Journal and the Concord Monitor. They have also worked at Yale Alumni Magazine as a senior staff editor, and at Legal Affairs as an associate editor.
Education
Sanger-Katz received their bachelor's degree cum laude from Yale University in 2002, and received their master's degree from the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism the following year.
Fellowships
In December 2009, Sanger-Katz completed the Medical Evidence Boot Camp at the Knight Science Journalism Fellowship. In 2014, while on leave from the National Journal, they completed a Knight-Bagehot Fellowship in economics and business journalism at Columbia University.
References
External links
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
The New York Times people
American medical journalists
American women journalists
Knight-Bagehot Fellows
Yale University alumni
Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism alumni
21st-century American women
Royal Air Force Tern Hill or RAF Tern Hill was a Royal Air Force station at Ternhill in Shropshire, England, near the towns of Newport and Market Drayton.
The station closed in 1976, with the technical and administrative site transferring to the British Army to become Borneo Barracks, later renamed Clive Barracks (after Major-General Robert Clive). The airfield part of the site was retained by the RAF and is now known as Tern Hill Airfield. It is predominantly used as a relief landing ground for helicopters of the No 1 Flying Training School, based at RAF Shawbury. The airfield is also home to the RAF's No. 632 Volunteer Gliding Squadron.
History
First World War
The airfield was first opened in 1916 and was initially operated by the Royal Flying Corps before being taken over by its successor the Royal Air Force (RAF) on 1 April 1918.
The first squadron posted to RFC Tern Hill was 95 Squadron RFCs from 8 October 1917 with various aircraft being moving to Shotwick on 30 October 1917.
The next three squadrons all arrived on 1 March 1918 and used various aircraft the squadrons were then transferred from the RFC to the RAF on 1 April 1918.
133 Squadron RFC/RAF between 1 March 1918 and 4 July 1918.
134 Squadron RFC/RAF between 1 March 1918 and 4 July 1918.
132 Squadron RFC/RAF between 1 March 1918 and 19 August 1918.
On 1 April 1918 No. 13 Training Depot Station was posted to Tern Hill staying until March 1919.
The last two squadrons which were posted here had a status of cadre:
87 Squadron RAF between 9 February 1919 and 24 June 1919
19 Squadron RAF between 18 February 1919 and 31 December 1919.
The land was sold off in 1922 for use as a race horse stable.
Second World War
In 1935 the land was again requisitioned and the airfield was re-built and three Type-C hangars were erected on the main airfield. The first based flying unit was No.10 Flying Training School which formed on 1 January 1936 and remained until it was transferred to Canada in late 1940. A site for a Maintenance Unit was created on the south-east side of the airfield and this opened on 1 June 1937 for use by No.4 Aircraft Storage Unit, later renamed No.24 Maintenance Unit.
The first based operational squadron was No. 78 Squadron RAF which flew from Tern Hill as an detachment flying the Armstrong Whitworth Whitley IVA from June 1939 until August 1939.
Tern Hill then turned into a fighter airfield with Supermarine Spitfires and Hawker Hurricanes with the first fighter squadron arriving on 10 October 1939. The squadron was No. 611 Squadron RAF with the Spitfire I and stayed until 13 December 1940. The next squadron was No. 46 Squadron RAF with the Hurricane I as a detachment from the main squadron which was based at RAF Digby in Lincolnshire. The detachment arrived on 13 June 1940 and stayed until 1 September 1940. The next squadron is residence was No. 306 Polish Fighter Squadron with their Hurricane I's from 7 November 1940 staying until 3 April 1941.
On 30 May 1941 a new squadron arrived in the shape of No. 403 Squadron RCAF with flew three versions of the Spitfire, the marks I, IIA and VB. The squadron moved to RAF Hornchurch on 4 August 1941. During late March 1941 No. 605 Squadron RAF moved in with their Hurricane IIA's but they only stayed for two months leaving on 30 May 1941.
The last fighter squadron to be posted to Tern Hill was No. 131 Squadron RAF which arrived on 6 August 1941 with their Spitfire IA and IIA's before leaving on 27 September 1941.
The airfield then began to host training units such as No. 5 (Pilot) Advanced Flying Unit which arrived on 1 April 1942 and left on 12 April 1946.
The following units were posted to RAF Tern Hill at some point:
A detachment of No. 6 Anti-Aircraft Co-operation Unit RAF between 2 April and 1941
A detachment of No. 52 Operational Training Unit between September 1942 and October 1942
No. 10 Flying Training School RAF between 1 January 1936 and 1 November 1940
No. 4 Aircraft Storage Unit between 1 June 1937 and 10 February 1938
No. 24 Stores Unit between 10 February and 28 March 1938
No. 15 Personnel Transit Centre between 23 August 1939 and unknown
Training Command Communication Flight RAF between September 1939 and 12 January 1940
No. 25 Group Communication Flight RAF between March 1940 and 23 April 1947
No. 5 Service Flying Training School RAF between 16 November 1940 and 1 April 1942
No. 22 Group Communication Flight RAF between 1 August 1943 and 1 April 1964
No. 10 Service Flying Training School RAF
29th Training Wing
No. 30 Maintenance Unit RAF
In 1942 the maintenance unit site was renamed RAF Stoke Heath.
Postwar
From 30 April 1946 Tern Hill was the home of No. 6 Flying Training School RAF equipped with North American Harvards, receiving Percival Prentices in late 1948 and from July 1953 Percival Provost T1 piston engine training aircraft replaced both types. Tern Hill was one of the RAF stations that provided the first stage of the, then, new Provost/de Havilland Vampire pilot training programme. However, on 24 July 1961 the school moved out and the space was quickly filled by the Central Flying School Helicopter Wing which moved in on 18 August 1961.
In 1962 No. 3 Mobile Glider Servicing Party was posted to Tern Hill to prepare to assist No. 632 Volunteer Gliding School which was posted to Tern Hill on 6 October 1963. During March 1976 CFSHW was posted to another airfield and was replaced by No. 2 (Advanced) Flying Training School RAF on 1 March. However, their stay was short: on 8 October 1976 the unit was posted elsewhere and the site was used by as a relief landing ground (RLG) which lasted until 30 March 1997.
Closure
The site closed as an RAF station on 31 December 1976, with the technical and administrative parts transferring to the British Army to become Borneo Barracks, later renamed Clive Barracks (after Major-General Robert Clive).
The airfield part of the site was retained by the RAF and is now known as Ternhill Airfield. It has since been used for helicopter training, initially by No. 2 Flying Training School and after 1997 the Defence Helicopter Flying School, based at RAF Shawbury. The airfield is also home to the RAF's No. 632 Volunteer Gliding Squadron.
See also
List of Royal Air Force stations
References
Citations
Bibliography
External links
UK Military Aeronautical Information Publication – Ternhill (EGOE)
Royal Air Force stations in Shropshire
Airports in England
Royal Air Force stations of World War II in the United Kingdom
The Sigma SD10 is a digital single-lens reflex camera (DSLR) manufactured by the Sigma Corporation of Japan. It was announced on October 27, 2003, and is an evolution of the previous SD9 model, addressing many of the shortcomings of that camera. The Sigma SD10 cameras are unique in the digital DSLR field in using full-color sensor technology, and in that they only produce raw format images that require post-processing on a computer.
Foveon X3 image sensor
Like its predecessor, the SD10 uses a sensor with the unique Foveon X3 sensor technology. The 10.2-million-pixel raw file generated from this sensor is processed to produce a 3.4 megapixel size image file. Although the image file is smaller than images from competing 10 megapixel cameras, it is made from the same number of measured data values because the Foveon sensor detects full-color data (three values) at each photosite; the actual resolution contained in its 3.4 MP images is about the same as a conventional Bayer/CFA sensor of 7–9 MP. Sigma and Foveon count each red, green, and blue sensor as a pixel, and state the camera has 10.2 million pixels; similarly, companies selling Bayer sensor cameras also count each single-color sensor element as a pixel.
Raw output only
Unlike other DSLR cameras marketed concurrently, the SD10 performs no in-camera processing to common image formats such as JPEG and TIFF. Instead, it saves images in its own .X3F format, which retains all the information the camera captured. Processing on a computer is required to use these files. Sigma provides the Foveon-written SIGMA Photo Pro application for this purpose; in addition, Adobe Photoshop CS2 supports the format, as do several other image-processing applications.
Shooting modes
The camera supports single-shot, continuous, 2 or 10 second self-timers, mirror lock-up, and auto exposure bracketing.
Exposure modes
Four different exposure modes are supported: aperture priority (A), shutter speed priority (S), manual (M) and program automatic (P).
Lens availability
The SD10 supports only Sigma SA mount lenses. Only Sigma produces lenses to fit this mount, although their range is fairly broad. Third-party converters exist for a number of other lens mounts, although no automatic features are supported. Many Canon EF mount-based lenses can be converted to Sigma AF mount retaining autofocus and camera controlled aperture setting, however optical stabilisation will not work.
Software
Sigma Photo Pro
Postprocessing of raw X3F and JPEG of all digital SIGMA cameras
Version 6.x is no-cost download for Windows 7+ and Mac OSX 10.7+ (6.3.x). Actual versions are 6.5.4 (Win 7+) and 6.5.5 (MacOSX 10.9+).
Pros and cons
The SD10 is an unusual camera with both advantages and disadvantages compared to most other digital SLRs, and tends to polarise opinion. It has a fiercely loyal base of support and some rather vocal detractors. Commonly cited advantages and disadvantages of the camera include the following:
Pro
Excellent color in daylight and good light.
Excellent detail, comparable to 6.5 MP Bayer-sensor DSLR cameras.
Noise-free image of the at low ISO speeds
Pixel sharpness achievable
Moiré effects less visible when photographing high-detail patterns compared to Bayer senor based cameras; thus no need for sharpness-degrading antialiasing filters to reduce moiré effects
High-quality PC software allows images to be tuned easily to the best quality
Takes easily obtained AA or CR-V3 batteries instead of proprietary format
Dust protector stops dust entering the mirror box while changing lenses
Sports finder allows viewing area outside picture area, letting photographer see if a better composition could be made by zooming out
Inexpensive when it can still be found
Shooting-priority user interface means always ready to shoot
Unique histogram feature shows distribution of RGB values in zoomed-in area of image
Simple and intuitive menu system
Mirror lock up on dial
Removing the dust protector converts the SD10 into an infrared-sensitive camera
Con
Does not produce JPEG files in-camera
Fewer photographs per image card because no JPEG mode available. Raw files are compressed to about 8 MB per image
Slow to clear the shot buffer
Originally expensive, listing at $1599 in U.S.
Only takes Sigma lenses; no third party support except via adapters
Poor low-light performance; high-ISO modes produce noisier images
Image quality degrades in long exposures (over 4 seconds)
No built-in flash
Single autofocus sensor instead of three or more in competition
References
External links
Official Sigma SD 10 Page
Official Sigma SD10 Page (outdated)
Official Sigma SD10 FAQ (outdated)
Foveon.com, the maker of the X3 sensor used in the SD10
DPReview.com Reviews the SD10
SD10 user image galleries
Sigma SLR Talk Forum on dpreview.com
CNET Specs
SD10 Manual in PDF
SD10
Cameras introduced in 2003
Triaenogenius is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae, containing the following species:
Triaenogenius arabicus Gestro, 1889
Triaenogenius carinulatus (Fairmaire, 1887)
Triaenogenius congoensis Basilewsky, 1959
Triaenogenius corpulentus Chaudoir, 1877
Triaenogenius denticulatus Basilewsky, 1959
Triaenogenius ferox (Erichson, 1843)
Triaenogenius gerstaeckeri (Chaudoir, 1877)
Triaenogenius kochi Basilewsky, 1964
Triaenogenius lugubrinus (Boheman, 1860)
Triaenogenius lugubris (Schaum, 1863)
Triaenogenius sculpturatus (Gerstaecker, 1867)
References
Anthiinae (beetle)
Elizabeth Fensham (born 1953) is an Australian writer.
They were born in Summer Hill, Sydney, Australia, where they grew up as the daughter of a principal (James Wilson Hogg) at Trinity Grammar School. They live in Victoria's Dandenong Ranges, where they are an English teacher at a highschool, and is married to an artist and has two adult sons, the elder a Sydney-based artist Alex Fensham.
Them first novel, The Helicopter Man, won the CBCA Book of the Year for Younger Readers in 2006. According to WorldCat, the book is held in 486 libraries, and has been translated into Italian by Loredana Serratore as Corri e non voltarti mai. Previous young adult novels include Miss McAllister's Ghost and Goodbye Jamie Boyd. Fensham's book for younger children, Matty Forever, was shortlisted for the Children's Book of the Year Award: Younger Readers in 2009 . The companion, Bill Rules, was published in 2010 and was shortlisted for the Queensland Premier's Literary Awards in 2011. Them third and final book in the "Matty" series, Matty and Bill for Keeps was published in 2012. They have also appeared as a guest speaker at the Melbourne Writers Festival.
Melbourne theatre company 'Monkey Baa' have toured a performance version of their book Goodbye Jamie Boyd around the eastern side of Australia.
References
1953 births
Living people
Australian women novelists
Australian writers of young adult literature
Women writers of young adult literature
Microbes can be damaged or killed by elements of their physical environment such as temperature, radiation, or exposure to chemicals; these effects can be exploited in efforts to control pathogens, often for the purpose of food safety.
Irradiation
Irradiation is the use of ionising gamma rays emitted by cobalt-60 and caesium-137, or, high-energy electrons and X-rays to inactivate microbial pathogens, particularly in the food industry. Bacteria such as Deinococcus radiodurans are particularly resistant to radiation, but are not pathogenic. Active microbes, such as Corynebacterium aquaticum, Pseudomonas putida, Comamonas acidovorans, Gluconobacter cerinus, Micrococcus diversus and Rhodococcus rhodochrous, have been retrieved from spent nuclear fuel storage pools at the Idaho National Engineering and Environmental Laboratory (INEEL). These microbes were again exposed to controlled doses of radiation. All the species survived weaker radiation doses with little damage, while only the gram-positive species survived much larger doses. The spores of gram-positive bacteria contain storage proteins that bind tightly to DNA, possibly acting as a protective barrier to radiation damage.
Ionising radiation kills cells indirectly by creating reactive free radicals. These free radicals can chemically alter sensitive macromolecules in the cell leading to their inactivation. Most of the cell's macromolecules are affected by ionising radiation, but damage to the DNA macromolecule is most often the cause of cell death, since DNA often contains only a single copy of its genes; proteins, on the other hand, often have several copies so that damage of one will not lead to cell death, and in any case may always be re-synthesized provided the DNA has remained intact. Ultraviolet radiation has been used as a germicide by both industry and medicine for more than a century (see Ultraviolet germicidal irradiation). Use of ultraviolet leads to both inactivation and the stimulating of mutations. A case study of an irradiated Escherichia coli population found a growing number of bacteriophage-resistant mutants induced by the light.
Metal ions (Oligodynamic effect)
Karl Wilhelm von Nägeli, a Swiss botanist, discovered in 1893 that the ions of various metals and their alloys such as silver and copper, but also mercury, iron, lead, zinc, bismuth, gold, aluminium and others, have a toxic effect on microbial life by denaturing microbial enzymes and thus disrupting their metabolism. This effect is negligible in viruses since they are not metabolically active.
Pulsed electric fields (PEF)
Strong electric field pulses applied to cells cause their membranes to develop pores (electroporation), increasing membrane permeability with a consequent and, for the cell, undesirable migration of chemicals. Pulses of low intensity may result in the increased production of secondary metabolites and a build-up of resistance. PEF treatment is an adequate process for inactivation of microbes in acids and other thermosensitive media, but holds inherent resistance dangers because of incomplete destruction.
Pulsed magnetic fields (PMF)
A 2004 study found that E. coli is susceptible to pulsed magnetic fields with a survivability figure of 1 in 10 000. As with PEF cell walls are rendered porous with resultant cell death. Enzymes such as lactoperoxidase, lipase and catalase are readily inactivated, though with varying degrees of susceptibility. A 2010 study concentrated on the effects of PMF on Staphylococcus aureus.
High power ultrasound
Until recently ultrasonic systems were used for cleaning, cutting, the welding of plastics, and in medical therapy. High power ultrasound is a useful tool which is extremely versatile in its applications. Ultrasound generates cavitation bubbles within a liquid or slurry by causing the liquid molecules to vibrate. Temperatures of 5000K and pressures of up to 2000 atmospheres are routinely recorded in these bubbles. Cavitation can be produced using frequencies from the audible range up to 2 MHz, the optimum being at about 20 kHz. Generating ultrasonics requires a liquid medium and a source of ultrasound, usually from either a piezoelectric or magnetostrictive transducer. The process is used for destroying E. coli, Salmonella, Ascaris, Giardia, Cryptosporidium cysts, Cyanobacteria and Poliovirus. It is also capable of breaking down organic pesticides.
The frequencies used in diagnostic ultrasound are typically between 2 and 18 MHz, and uncertainty remains about the extent of cellular damage or long-term effects of fetal scans. (see Medical ultrasonography)
Low temperatures
Freezing food to preserve its quality has been used since time immemorial. Freezing temperatures curb the spoiling effect of microorganisms in food, but can also preserve some pathogens unharmed for long periods of time. Freezing kills some microorganisms by physical trauma, others are sublethally injured by freezing, and may recover to become infectious.
High osmotic gradients
Syrup, honey, brine, alcohol and concentrated sugar or salt solutions display an antibacterial action due to osmotic pressure. Syrup and honey have a long history of being used as a topical treatment for superficial and deep wounds.
Wood smoke compounds act as food preservatives. Phenol and phenolic compounds found in wood smoke are antioxidants and antimicrobials, slowing bacterial growth. Other antimicrobials in wood smoke include formaldehyde, acetic acid, and other organic acids, which give wood smoke a low pH—about 2.5. Some of these compounds are toxic to people as well, and may have health effects in the quantities found in cooking applications.
Ozone
Microorganisms suffer a reduction in viability on contact with ozone which compromises the integrity of their cell walls. Gram-negative bacteria are more vulnerable to ozone than gram-positive organisms.
High temperatures
(see Thermization and Pasteurisation)
Extreme temperatures destroy viruses and vegetative cells that are active and metabolising. Organic molecules such as proteins, carbohydrates, lipid and nucleic acids, as well as cell walls and membranes, all of which play important roles in cell metabolism, are damaged by excessive heat. Food for human consumption is routinely heated by baking, boiling and frying to temperatures which destroy most pathogens. Thermal processes often cause undesirable changes in the texture, appearance and nutritional value of foods. Autoclaves generate steam at higher than boiling point and are used to sterilise laboratory glassware, surgical instruments, and, in a growing industry, medical waste. A danger inherent in using high temperatures to destroy microbes, is their incomplete destruction through inadequate procedures with a consequent risk of producing pathogens resistant to heat.
High pressures
(see Pascalization)
Water under very high hydrostatic pressure of up to 700 MPa (100,000 psi) inactivates pathogens such as Listeria, E. coli and Salmonella. High pressure processing (HPP) is preferred over heat treatment in the food industry as it eliminates changes in the quality of foods due to thermal degradation, resulting in fresher taste, texture, appearance and nutrition. Processing conveniently takes place at ambient or refrigeration temperatures.
The question whether pressure is an impediment to (microbial) life is surprisingly opposite what has been assumed for a long time. Anurag Sharma, a geochemist, James Scott, a microbiologist, and others at the Carnegie Institution of Washington performed an experiment with Diamond Anvil Cell and utilized "direct observations" on microbial activity to over 1.0 Gigapascal pressures.
Their goal was to test microbes and discover under what level of pressure they can carry out life processes. The experiments were performed up to 1.6 GPa of pressure, which is more than 16,000 times Earth's surface pressure (Earth's surface pressure is 985 hPa). The experiment began by placing a solution of bacteria, specifically Escherichia coli and Shewanella oneidensis, in a film and placing it in the DAC. The pressure was then raised to 1.6 GPa. When raised to this pressure and kept there for 30 hours, at least 1% of the bacteria survived. The experimenters then added a dye to the solution and also monitored formate metabolism using in-situ Raman spectroscopy. If the cells survived the squeezing and were capable of carrying out life processes, specifically breaking down formate, the dye would turn clear. 1.6 GPa is such great pressure that during the experiment the DAC turned the solution into ice-IV, a room-temperature ice. When the bacteria broke down the formate in the ice, liquid pockets would form because of the chemical reaction. The bacteria were also able to cling to the surface of the DAC with their tails.
There was some skepticism recorded with this pioneering experiment. According to Art Yayanos, an oceanographer at the Scripps Institute of Oceanography in La Jolla, California, an organism should only be considered living if it can reproduce. Another issue with the DAC experiment is that when high pressures occur, there are usually high temperatures present as well, but in this experiment there were not. This experiment was performed at room-temperature. However, the intentional lack of high temperature in the experiments isolated the actual effects of pressure on life and results clearly indicated life to be largely pressure insensitive.
Newer results from independent research groups have shown the validity of Sharma et al. (2002) work. This is a significant step that reiterates the need for a new approach to the old problem of studying environmental extremes through experiments. There is practically no debate whether microbial life can survive pressures up to 600 MPa, which has been shown over the last decade or so to be valid through a number of scattered publications. What is significant in this approach of Sharma et al. 2002 work is the elegantly straightforward ability to monitor systems at extreme conditions that have since remained technically inaccessible. While the experiment shows simplicity and elegance, the results are not unexpected and are consistent with most biophysical models. This novel approach lays a foundation for future work on microbiology at non-ambient conditions by not only providing a scientific premise, but also laying the technical feasibility for future work on non-ambient biology and organic systems.
High acceleration
Bacterial cell surfaces may be damaged by the acceleration forces attained in centrifuges. Laboratory centrifuges routinely achieve 5000–15000g, a procedure which often kills a considerable portion of microbes, especially if they are in their exponential growth phase.
See also
Drug resistance
Food preservation
References
External links
Scientific sources & legislation - Physical intervention equipment
Clinical pathology
Bacteriology
AS Samaritaine is a football club of Martinique, based in the northeastern town Sainte-Marie.
Founded in 1920, their home games are staged at their Xercès-Louis stadium, which is named after a Martinique-born French international footballer of the 1950s, Xercès Louis.
In 2009, the club were relegated due to financial problems. The club eventually won promotion back to the top division and are the current league champions, having won the title during the 2019–20 season.
Honours
Martinique Championnat National
Champions: 1974–75, 1980–81, 2019–20.
Coupe de Martinique
Winners: 2017.
Trophée du Conseil Général
Winners: 2000, 2020.
Ligue des Antilles
Winners: 2009.
References
External links
2007/2008 Club info -Antilles-Foot
Club info – French Football Federation
Football clubs in Martinique
Association football clubs established in 1920
AS Samaritaine
Gartzain is a village located in the municipality of Baztan, Navarre, in Navarre province, Spain, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 232.
Geography
Gartzain is located 50km north-northeast of Pamplona.
References
Populated places in Navarre
Andrei Nikolayev may refer to:
Andrei Nikolayev (clown) (born 1938), Russian clown
Andrei Ivanovich Nikolayev (born 1949), Major General in the Russian 1st Guards Army
Andrei Sergeyevich Nikolayev (born 1976), Russian footballer
Andrei Aleksandrovich Nikolayev (born 1982), Russian footballer
Andrei Nikolaev (swimmer) (born 2000), Russian Paralympic swimmer
Andrey Nikoleav, son of Russian billionaire Konstantin Nikolaev, was a volunteer on Donald Trump's 2016 campaign staff
Erie is an unincorporated community in Shawswick Township, Lawrence County, Indiana.
History
A post office was established at Erie in 1864, and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1900. The community was named after the Erie people.
Geography
Erie is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Lawrence County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Shartegosuchidae is an extinct family of Late Jurassic and Early Cretaceous crocodylomorphs. The family is named after the Late Jurassic Shar Teeg Beds in southwestern Mongolia, from which most shartegosuchid remains have been found. Five genera are currently assigned to Shartegosuchidae: Shartegosuchus, Nominosuchus, Kyasuchus, Adzhosuchus, and Fruitachampsa. Shartegosuchus, Nominosuchus, and Adzhosuchus all come from Shar Teeg, while Kyasuchus is known from the Early Cretaceous of Russia. Fruitachampsa is known from the Late Jurassic Morrison Formation of the western United States.
Description
Shartegosuchids are known only from cranial material, or parts of the skull and some partial skeletons. Shartegosuchids share several distinct characteristics in the skull. On the palate, the choanae (holes where the nasal cavity opens into the mouth) is placed within a deep depression of its midline. The palatal bones, located behind the choanae in what is known as the secondary palate, unite with each other at the midline of the palate. Shartegosuchids can also be diagnosed by the position of the teeth in their lower jaws, which are never found behind the mandibular fenestrae (holes found near the back of the jaw). The edges of the teeth are denticulated, or ridged. The shape and position of several bones of the skull, including the frontal, nasal, lacrimal, and quadrate, are also distinctive. Unlike most other archosaurs, shartegosuchids lack an antorbital fenestra, an opening in the skull in front of the eyes.
Classification
Shartegosuchids are considered to be basal crocodyliforms, but their classification within the group is still debated. At various times since the construction of the family, shartegosuchids have been considered to be protosuchians, mesosuchians, and perhaps notosuchians or atoposaurids.
Fruitachampsa, a crocodylomorph from the Morrison Formation in Colorado, is also referable to Shartegosuchidae. Before it was formally named in 2011, it was commonly known as the "Fruita form". The known material of Fruitachampsa consists of several nearly complete skeletons. It was first classified in the suborder Mesosuchia, which has since been replaced by the clade Mesoeucrocodylia. However, Fruitachampsa can be linked to shartegosuchids on the basis of similarities in the structure of the front of the palate and the choana.
In a 2004 phylogenetic study, Fruitachampsa, along with Gobiosuchus and Zosuchus, was found to be outside Mesoeucrocodylia, but still more derived than Protosuchidae, a family that is often thought to be closely related to shartegosuchids.
A more recent study in 2006 found Shartegosuchidae to be the most basal clade of mesosuchians. A phylogenetic analysis found the family to be monophyletic, meaning that it forms a true clade with a common ancestor from which only shartegosuchids are derived. "Fruitachampsa" was found to be outside Shartegosuchidae, but was the sister taxon of the family. This means that it is more closely related to Shartegosuchidae than any other crocodyliform.
Below is a cladogram based on the 2006 study, showing the relationships of members of the family:
Below is a cladogram showing the phylogenetic placement of Shartegosuchidae from Clark (2011):
Paleobiology
The shartegosuchids from Mongolia and Russia comprise a group of crocodyliforms that was endemic to Central Asia during the Mesozoic. These crocodyliforms, along with other Asiatic tetrapods, make up a fauna that may be unique to the region due to geographic isolation that existed since the Late Triassic or Early Jurassic. This isolation first occurred when the supercontinent Pangaea began to break apart, forming the smaller northern supercontinent of Laurasia. The authors of a 2007 study of early crocodylomorphs did not include shartegosuchids in a phylogenetic analysis, indicating that they were so highly endemic to Asia that their relationship to other crocodylomorphs would be difficult to interpret.
References
Mesozoic reptiles of Asia
Jurassic crocodylomorphs
Early Cretaceous crocodylomorphs
Terrestrial crocodylomorphs
Late Jurassic first appearances
Tithonian taxonomic families
Berriasian taxonomic families
Early Cretaceous extinctions
Prehistoric reptile families
The Central Park mandarin duck, also known as Mandarin Patinkin or the Hot Duck, is a male mandarin duck seen at the Pond in New York City's Central Park starting in late 2018. Its colorful appearance, which contrasted with native waterfowl, combined with its presence far outside of the species' native range of East Asia, led to media attention from late 2018 through 2019. Though it has a band around its leg, its origin is undetermined. Its last sighting was in March 2019. In 2021, entertainer Bette Midler published a children's book about it.
Sighting and public attention
The mandarin duck was first spotted at Central Park's Pond by birder Gus Keri in early October 2018. Its appearance was disseminated by another birder, David Barrett, who operates the Twitter account Manhattan Bird Alert and was described as the duck's "kingmaker" and "de-facto PR spokesperson". It quickly became a local celebrity, with the duck and the public's enthusiasm for it receiving national and international coverage, covered by the BBC, The New York Times, The Guardian, CNN, the People's Daily in China, and making front-page news as far away as the Los Angeles Times. Several vendors began producing and selling merchandise referencing or depicting the duck, turning it into a tourist attraction. The New York Times noted that it "[had] become an international celebrity. A living, breathing, quacking meme." The Associated Press dubbed the crowd following the duck "the quackarazzi". It has also been credited with sparking broader interest in birding in New York.
New York Magazine The Cut initially covered it as "New York's Most Eligible Bachelor" in its Dating section and subsequently called it "Hot Duck", while the website Gothamist named it Mandarin Patinkin, after Broadway actor Mandy Patinkin.
Not long after its initial sighting, it disappeared for almost two weeks before returning to the Pond. Whenever the duck was not seen for a period of days or when it was seen somewhere other than Central Park, it received media coverage, such as when it showed up in Brooklyn or Edgewater, New Jersey. Multiple accounts describe "panic" among birdwatchers during these times. The website Quartz set up a website dedicated to tracking whether or not it had been spotted in Central Park that day.
Paul Sweet, Collection Manager in the Department of Ornithology at the American Museum of Natural History, criticized the enthusiasm for the duck. Though they credited the phenomenon with raising interest in birding, they pointed out the dangers that exotic species pose to native species in general and compared the experience of seeing an escaped duck in Central Park to seeing a bird in a zoo: "In British birder parlance, this is a 'plastic' duck, an escaped pet, one that can be bought online. It is not a rare bird or a first record or anything of that nature, so to me, of zero ornithological interest." Even within city limits, there are several other mandarin ducks at zoos, according to AMNY. Both Sweet and WNYC News urged redirecting public interest to the many attractive native species found in New York, like the wood ducks which also frequent Central Park. Audubon editor Andrew Del-Colle echoed similar sentiments in an "open letter" to the duck, telling it that it was not " special". Others criticized the behavior of people watching the bird for violating birding ethics by feeding it bread or trying to get it to move to where it could be seen more easily.
Gothamist Jen Carlson likened its public attention to a cult, with its crowd of onlookers by the Central Park Pond "[taking] on an apocalyptic circus vibe on weekends. Part Audubon field trip, part Burning Man." In other articles, they wrote about some of the reasons it may have become so popular, making a comparison to the role of ducks in The Catcher in the Rye, symbolizing "all we have that is good anymore."
Origin
There are small populations of mandarin ducks in the United States formed by escaped or released domestic ducks, but none near New York. Its native range is East Asia.
The Central Park duck's origin is unknown, but New York is too far from its natural territories to have simply gotten lost during migration, which accounts for some other rare sightings. Observers quickly noted a band around its leg suggesting it had been captive. Zoos denied ownership, and the type of band used indicated a private owner from whom it had likely escaped. Nobody stepped forward to claim ownership, perhaps because ducks are illegal to have as pets in the city. Tom Moorman of Ducks Unlimited told the L.A. Times that it likely settled in Central Park because it was already a hotspot for other ducks. The New York City Parks Department announced that it would monitor the duck through the 2018–19 winter, and would not try to capture it unless it needed help.
Disappearance
The duck was last seen in Central Park in March 2019, leaving before the species' mating season. Despite false positive sightings and speculation that it would likely return in September, after molting season, it has not been seen . According to Barrett, "Before, even when they ventured to the rivers, our spies found them and posted footage. My best guess was that they flew far enough north to a small pond remote from people."
Children's book
In 2018, entertainer Bette Midler and literary critic Michiko Kakutani discussed the duck at a party, when Kakutani shared pictures they had taken of it. Midler was inspired to write a story about the effect the duck was having on people, causing them to look up from their cell phone screens to look at natural beauty. The book was published as The Tale of the Mandarin Duck in 2021, written by Midler, with photographs by Kakutani and illustrations by Joana Avillez.
See also
List of individual birds
References
External links
2018 in New York City
2019 in New York City
Central Park
Individual waterfowl
Birds in popular culture
Virus is a 2019 Indian Malayalam-language medical thriller film co-produced and directed by Aashiq Abu set against the backdrop of the 2018 Nipah virus outbreak in Kerala. The film was written by Muhsin Parari and Suhas-Sharfu. It stars an ensemble cast that includes Kunchacko Boban, Tovino Thomas, Asif Ali, Parvathy Thiruvothu, Rahman, Indrajith Sukumaran, Indrans, Jinu Joseph, Sreenath Bhasi, Dileesh Pothan, Rima Kallingal, Madonna Sebastian, Ramya Nambeeshan, Joju George, Soubin Shahir and Revathi.
Principal photography took place from January to February 2019 in a single schedule shot extensively in Government Medical College, Kozhikode and Government Homoeopathic Medical College, Kozhikode . The film was released worldwide on 7 June 2019, receiving critical acclaim and was a box office success. It was included in The Hindu's top 25 Malayalam films of the decade.
Plot
A man named Zakariya Mohammed is infected and brought to the Government Medical College, Kozhikode, where they suffer from the symptoms of an unknown virus and, after a few hours, dies. Geetha, who was taking Zakariya's CT scan, got infected by the virus. As nurses and doctors checked their blood pressure, the scale was going up and down which left the doctors there worried and confused. A nurse Akhila who treated Zakariya gets affected too. Slowly more cases are identified in the surrounding areas. Dr. Salim (a neurologist) while checking on Zakariya's father, Razak, notices symptoms related to poisoning and Japanese encephalitis and other such infections on Razak. Dr. Salim also asked Dr. Suresh Rajan to conduct a sample test for Nipah virus. The samples were collected from Suhana, sister of Zakariya.
As the death toll begins to rise, Dr. Suresh Babu confirms the unknown virus to be Nipah. Nipah spreads across Kozhikode and the neighbouring districts. Sister Akhila (the nurse who treated Zakariya), dies after a long battle with the virus and before they died, they wrote a letter to their husband. The film progresses with real life experiences of people who we are aware of when it has happened and also creates a backstory for each affected patient and generates an interest in the narration.
In an emergency situation, a team of medical practitioners and healthcare professionals, led by the Health Minister of Kerala C. K. Prameela and District Collector Paul V. Abraham IAS, camp in Kozhikode to tackle the crisis. There is an attempt made to justify that this is not a bio-weapon used by any country or organisation. While the film is ending, the film pays tribute to scientists, medical professionals, hospital staff, volunteers and the people who came forward to support the team to solve the virus attack. Health minister, C. K. Prameela announces Kozhikode Nipah virus free. In the end, it is shown that Zakariya saw a flying fox (a breed of bats) that was on the ground. They went there and before coming in contact with the bat, they took a picture of the bat for their Instagram story.
Cast
Kunchacko Boban as Dr. Suresh Rajan, Chief doctor
Indrajith Sukumaran as Dr. Baburaj
Tovino Thomas as Paul V Abraham IAS, district collector (Charecter based on Seeram Sambasiva Rao)
Parvathy Thiruvothu as Dr. Annu
Asif Ali as Vishnu Bhaskaran
Revathi as C. K. Prameela, Minister of Health & Social Welfare (Charecter based on K. K. Shailaja)
Poornima Indrajith as Dr. Smrithy Bhaskar, Director of Health Services
Rahman as Dr. Salim
Rima Kallingal as Nurse Akhila (Charecter based on Sister Lini Puthussery)
Sharaf U Dheen as Sandeep, husband of Akhila
Zakariya Mohammed as Zakariya, the first patient
Indrans as Razak, father of Zakariya
Savithri Sreedharan as Jameela, mother of Zakariya
Sreenath Bhasi as Dr. Abid Rahman
Jinu Joseph as Dr. John Jacob, Dr Annu's husband
Srikant Murali as Dr. Moopan
Senthil Krishna as Excise Minister CP Bhaskaran (Charecter based on T. P. Ramakrishnan)
Joju George as Babu (Attender)
Dileesh Pothan as Prakashan, traffic police Constable
Madonna Sebastian as Dr. Sara Yakub, a survivor and also Dr. Abid Rahman's lover
Remya Nambeeshan as Raji, Babu's wife
Basil Joseph as Dr. Mithu
Soubin Shahir as Unnikrishnan
Zeenath as Nurse Akhila's mother
Sudheesh as Radhakrishnan Health Inspector, Public health department
Vettukili Prakash as Sadashivan (ambulance driver)
Sajitha Madathil as Dr. Sreedevi
Sarasa Balussery as Khadeeja
Binu Pappu as Dr.Sudevan
Nilambur Ayisha as Application Agent at Medical College
Darshana Rajendran as Anjali Vasudevan, Vishnu's Wife
Unnimaya Prasad as Dr. Nirmala
Lukman Avaran as Dr. Sajith
Haris Saleem as Dr. Haris
Leona Lishoy as Paul's Wife
Shebin Benson as Yahiya, Zakariya's brother
Kozhikode Jayaraj as Nasar, Zakariya's uncle
Sreedevi Unni as Dr. Abid's mother
Anjali as Suhana
Ann Saleem as Haifa
Divya Gopinath as Geetha, attender at Radiology dept.
Ambika Rao as Head nurse
Ramesh Kottayam as Medical College Superintendent
Jolly Chirayath as Pradeep's mother
Sundar Pandyan as Grade 4 Cleaning Staff
Noushad Ali as Vipin
Dileesh Nair as Shanthan Vaidyar
Neeraja Rajendran as Unnikrishnan's mother
Ajayan Adat as Vipin's friend
Vaisakh Shankar as Vaisakh Nair
Preethi Nambiar as Preethy Varma
Deepa Thomas as Junior Doctor
Abhilash Mohanan as Himself (newsreader)
Shani Prabhakaran as Herself (newsreader)
Vivek Varrier as House surgeon
Sidheeque N/ as Cameo Appearance (Cameraman)
Production
The film is based on the 2018 Nipah virus outbreak in Kerala. Principal photography began in Kozhikode on 6 January 2019, Kalidas Jayaram was supposed to appear in the film in a supporting but pivotal role, but was replaced by Sreenath Bhasi after the former did not ultimately accept it. Virus was shot extensively in and around Government Medical College, Kozhikode. Filming wrapped on 26 February 2019 after 52 days shoot in a single schedule.
Soundtrack
The original soundtrack is composed, programmed, and arranged by Sushin Shyam. The film features a promotional song titled "Spread Love" sung by Shelton Pinheiro, Madonna Sebastian, Muhsin Parari and Sushin Shyam, which was not included in the film, but was listed in the original soundtrack album, which features 17 instrumental numbers, which released on 17 May 2019.
Release
The film was released worldwide on 7 June 2019. The film dubbed in Tamil and Telugu as Virus and Nipah Virus released on Zee5 and Aha
Reception
Box office
The film grossed ₹3.9 crore in the opening weekend (7 – 9 June) from Kerala box office. It collected a worldwide total of over ₹15 crore in 12 days, with ₹11.74 crore from Kerala alone. By collecting $65,000 in 10 days from the United States, Virus became the fourth highest-grossing Malayalam film of 2019 in the US, behind Lucifer, Kumbalangi Nights, and Uyare. And as of 21 June, it is also the fourth highest-grossing Malayalam film of 2019 in the rest-of-India territories, behind Lucifer, Kumbalangi Nights, and Uyare. It earned ₹2,60,058 in Chennai from 18 shows in the opening weekend, and ₹4,82,715 in two weeks.
In the opening weekend, the film grossed $342,527 from the United Arab Emirates (UAE) and $9,098 from Australia. It grossed €2,749 (₹2.16 lakh) in Germany in two weeks. The film was released a week later (on 14 June) in the United Kingdom and New Zealand where it collected £14,991 (₹13.2 lakh) and NZ$12,409 (₹5.65 lakh) in the opening weekend, and £28,809 (₹25.56 lakh) and NZ$16,099 (₹7.4 lakh) in two weeks. In three weeks, it collected A$23,868 (₹11.56 lakh) in Australia and $587,960 in the UAE. In the US, it made $68,244 (47.13 lakh) in four weeks.
Critical reception
Sowmya Rajendran of The News Minute called the movie, "A compassionate, gripping medical thriller" and rated it 4/5 stars.
Meera Manu of News18 rated the movie 4/5 stars and said, "For its 152-minute duration, Virus will take you through many emotional roller-coasters. This one is contagious enough to make you skip a heartbeat or evoking tears. It's more than just a film, it's humans joining hands to beat a deadly disease. No reason to not watch this one." Manu of the Filmibeat rated the movie 4/5 stars and reviewed, "Virus is a mind-blowing movie and as its tagline says it rightly conveys the fear, fight and the survival during the Nipah outbreak. A well-crafted movie, which could be ranked as one among the best movies of all-time. Kudos to the team."
Anjana George of The Times of India rated the movie 3.5/5 stars and reviewed, "On the whole, the film can be called as a well-crafted multi-starrer, fictional documentation of news reports on the Nipah virus attack that shocked Kerala and still looms over us." Behindwoods rated the movie 3.25/5 stars and wrote, "With Virus, Aashiq Abu cements their top form as a filmmaker. Overall, Virus is a straightforward, detailed and uncompromising retelling of an unbelievable story of humanity." Film Companion called the movie, "A Screenwriting Miracle" and praised the performances of the actors.
Accolades
References
External links
2019 films
2019 thriller drama films
2010s Malayalam-language films
Films scored by Sushin Shyam
Indian thriller drama films
Films shot in Kozhikode
Indian films based on actual events
Medical-themed films
Films about viral outbreaks
2019 drama films
Films directed by Aashiq Abu
The 27th Air Defense Corps () was a corps of the Soviet Air Defense Forces and briefly the Russian Air Defense Forces.
Formed in 1960 from the Baltic Air Defense Corps, the corps provided air defense for the Latvian and Lithuanian Soviet Socialist Republics. In the early 1970s it took over responsibility for Kaliningrad Oblast as well. Initially part of the 2nd Independent Air Defense Army, it was subordinated to the Air Forces of the Baltic Military District from the late 1970s to the mid-1980s. In 1986 the corps became part of the 6th Independent Air Defense Army, and was disbanded in 1994 after the Russian withdrawal from the Baltics following the end of the Cold War and the Dissolution of the Soviet Union.
History
In the summer of 1954, the air defense units in the Baltic states became part of the new Baltic Air Defense Corps of the Soviet Air Defense Forces, headquartered in Riga. In early 1957, the Baltic Air Defense Corps and the Air Defense Directorate of the Baltic Fleet were merged to form the Separate Baltic Air Defense Corps, which also included the 14th Air Defense Division at Tallinn. During the Air Defense Forces reorganization in the spring and summer of 1960, the corps became the 27th Air Defense Corps, part of the 2nd Independent Air Defense Army at Minsk, still with headquarters in Riga. The 27th Corps controlled air defense on the territory of the Latvian and Lithuanian Soviet Socialist Republics. It included two interceptor regiments: the 54th Guards at Vaiņode and the 372nd at Daugavpils. The 158th Guards Anti-Aircraft Rocket Brigade was formed in 1961 at Liepāja with the corps. In 1967 and 1968, the 205th Anti-Aircraft Rocket Brigade was formed from a regiment of the corps at Riga. The 77th Anti-Aircraft Rocket Brigade was formed around the same time from a regiment at Ventspils. The 85th Anti-Aircraft Rocket Brigade was formed at Kaunas around the same time.
In 1973 it took over responsibility for Kaliningrad Oblast when the 3rd Air Defense Division was disbanded with its units directly subordinated to the headquarters of the 27th Corps. The corps gained the 689th Guards Fighter Aviation Regiment at Nivenskoye, the 169th Anti-Aircraft Rocket Brigade at Neman, the 69th Anti-Aircraft Rocket Brigade at Baltiysk, the 183rd Guards Anti-Aircraft Rocket Brigade at Gvardeysk, and the 298th Radio-Technical Regiment at Zelenogradsk. In August 1974, the 298th became the 81st Radio-Technical Brigade, before relocating to Pereslavlskoye in 1977. In 1975, two radio-technical regiments from the corps merged to form the 80th Radio-Technical Brigade at Tukums. Between 1978 and 1985, the corps was subordinated to the Baltic Military District. At the same time, its fighter aviation regiments were transferred to the Air Forces of the district. In early 1986, it became part of the 6th Independent Air Defense Army. At this time, the corps included two interceptor regiments: the 54th Guards with 38 Su-27s, and the 689th Guards with 36 Su-27s, as well as seven surface-to-air missile brigades: the 69th, 77th, 85th, 158th Guards, 169th, 183rd Guards and 205th, and two radio-technical brigades operating radar for the corps: the 80th and 81st. In 1987, the 85th Brigade was disbanded with its personnel transferred to the 466th Brigade. The latter had been recently formed at Vilnius from a regiment. The 85th was replaced by the mobilization 427th Anti-Aircraft Rocket Regiment, whose headquarters was formed in Leningrad Oblast with the 6th Independent Air Defense Army.
In 1989, the 69th Brigade became the 365th Anti-Aircraft Rocket Regiment, which was disbanded in 1991. In the fall of 1990, the 54th Guards was disbanded with its lineage transferred to the 594th Training Fighter Aviation Regiment. The 77th Brigade disbanded in December 1992, and the 205th Brigade disbanded in 1993. In early 1993, the equipment and personnel of the 158th Brigade were withdrawn to Leningrad Oblast, where they merged with the 82nd Anti-Aircraft Rocket Brigade to form the 500th Guards Anti-Aircraft Rocket Regiment. Around the same time, the 466th Brigade and its S-300 missiles were withdrawn to Smolensk Oblast, where they inherited the lineage of the disbanded 493rd Guards Anti-Aircraft Rocket Regiment to become the 284th Guards Anti-Aircraft Rocket Regiment. In 1994, the corps headquarters was disbanded. On 26 July of that year, the 689th Guards transferred to the Air and Air Defense Forces of the Baltic Fleet.
References
Citations
Bibliography
Corps of the Soviet Air Defence Forces
Corps of Russia
Military units and formations established in 1960
Military units and formations disestablished in 1994
Merab Dvalishvili (born January 10, 1991) is a Georgian professional mixed martial artist. They currently compete in the Bantamweight division in the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC). As of August 23, 2022, they are #3 in the UFC bantamweight rankings.
Background
Dvalishvili grew up in Tbilisi, Georgia. They started training in qartuli chidaoba (traditional wrestling) and khridoli (transitional fighting), Sambo and judo when they were young for self-defense and moved to the United States when they were 21 years old to become a professional MMA fighter. They train under Ray Longo and Matt Serra.
In 2019, Dvalishvili finished second in the Sambo World Championships in South Korea. Dvalishvili competed in combat sambo at 68 kilograms and lost in the finals to Russia's Stepan Kobenov.
Mixed martial arts career
Early career
Dvalishvili started their MMA career in 2014 and fought under various promotions namely the Ring of Combat. They amassed a record of 7–2 prior to competing in the UFC.
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Dvalishvili made their UFC debut on December 9, 2017 against Frankie Saenz at UFC Fight Night: Swanson vs. Ortega. They lost the fight via split decision.
Their next fight came on April 21, 2018 at UFC Fight Night: Barboza vs. Lee against Ricky Simón. They lost the fight via technical submission at the final bell. This fight earned them the Fight of the Night award. Dvalishvili's team appealed the result on the grounds that they were not unconscious at the end of the round, but the appeal was denied.
Dvalishvili faced Terrion Ware on September 15, 2018 at UFC Fight Night: Hunt vs. Oleinik. They won the fight via unanimous decision.
Dvalishvili faced Brad Katona on May 4, 2019 at UFC Fight Night: Iaquinta vs. Cowboy. They won the fight via unanimous decision.
Dvalishvili faced Casey Kenney on February 15, 2020 at UFC Fight Night 167. They won the fight by unanimous decision.
Dvalishvili was scheduled to face Ray Borg on June 13, 2020 at UFC on ESPN: Eye vs. Calvillo. However, on June 11, 2020 it was reported that Borg withdrew from the bout and they were replaced by promotional newcomer Gustavo Lopez in a catchweight bout of 140 pounds. Dvalishvili was victorious via unanimous decision.
Dvalishvili faced John Dodson on August 15, 2020 at UFC 252. They won the fight via unanimous decision.
Dvalishvili was expected to face Cody Stamann on December 5, 2020 at UFC on ESPN 19. However on October 22, it was announced that Stamann pulled out due to undisclosed reasons, and they were replaced by Raoni Barcelos. However, Barcelos was removed from the contest due to a medical suspension related to their latest bout on November 7. The bout between Dvalishvili and Stamann was rescheduled for UFC Fight Night 184 on February 6, 2021. In turn, in mid January, Dvalishvili was forced to pull out from the bout due to the struggle of the after-effects of a COVID-19 complication, and they were replaced by Andre Ewell. After a positive test for COVID-19, Ewell was pulled from the event and replaced by promotional newcomer Askar Askar, with the contest expected to take place at featherweight. On the day of the event, Askar was not medically cleared and the bout was cancelled. The bout between Dvalishvili and Stamann was re-scheduled again to May 1, 2021 at UFC on ESPN: Reyes vs. Procházka. Dvalishvili won the bout via unanimous decision.
Dvalishvili faced Marlon Moraes on September 25, 2021 at UFC 266. After being knocked down and nearly finished in the first round, Dvalishvili rallied and won the fight via TKO in round two. This win earned them the Performance of the Night award.
Dvalishvili faced former UFC Featherweight champion José Aldo on August 20, 2022 at UFC 278. They won the bout via unanimous decision.
Championships and accomplishments
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Performance of the Night (One time)
Fight of the Night (one time)
Most unanimous decision wins in UFC Bantamweight division history (6)
Ring of Combat
ROC Bantamweight Championship (One Time)
One successful title defense
Mixed martial arts record
|-
|Win
|align=center|15–4
|José Aldo
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC 278
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Salt Lake City, Utah, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|14–4
|Marlon Moraes
|TKO (punches)
|UFC 266
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|4:25
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|13–4
|Cody Stamann
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC on ESPN: Reyes vs. Procházka
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|12–4
|John Dodson
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC 252
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|11–4
|Gustavo Lopez
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC on ESPN: Eye vs. Calvillo
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|10–4
|Casey Kenney
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC Fight Night: Anderson vs. Błachowicz 2
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Rio Rancho, New Mexico, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|9–4
|Brad Katona
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC Fight Night: Iaquinta vs. Cowboy
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Ottawa, Ontario, Canada
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|8–4
|Terrion Ware
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC Fight Night: Hunt vs. Oleinik
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Moscow, Russia
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|7–4
|Ricky Simón
|Technical Submission (guillotine choke)
|UFC Fight Night: Barboza vs. Lee
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Atlantic City, New Jersey, United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|7–3
|Frankie Saenz
|Decision (split)
|UFC Fight Night: Swanson vs. Ortega
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Fresno, California, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|7–2
|Raufeon Stots
|KO (spinning backfist)
|Ring of Combat 59
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|0:15
|Atlantic City, New Jersey, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|6–2
|Sukhrob Aydarbekov
|Submission (armbar)
|Ring of Combat 58
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|N/A
|Atlantic City, New Jersey, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|5–2
|Tony Gravely
|Decision (split)
|Ring of Combat 57
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Atlantic City, New Jersey, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|4–2
|Paul Grant
|Decision (unanimous)
|Ring of Combat 56
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|4:00
|Atlantic City, New Jersey, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|3–2
|Matt Tullos
|Decision (unanimous)
|CES MMA 36
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Lincoln, Rhode Island, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|2–2
|Geoffrey Then
|Decision (unanimous)
|CES MMA 34
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Mashantucket, Connecticut, United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|1–2
|Ricky Bandejas
|Decision (unanimous)
|CFFC 43
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Atlantic City, New Jersey, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|1–1
|Dennis Dombrow
|TKO (punches)
|Ring of Combat 49
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|0:50
|Atlantic City, New Jersey, United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|0–1
|Darren Mima
|Decision (majority)
|Ring of Combat 47
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|4:00
|Atlantic City, New Jersey, United States
|
|-
|}
See also
List of current UFC fighters
List of male mixed martial artists
References
External links
Living people
1991 births
Sportspeople from Tbilisi
Male judoka from Georgia (country)
Male mixed martial artists from Georgia (country)
Sambo practitioners from Georgia (country)
Bantamweight mixed martial artists
Ultimate Fighting Championship male fighters
Mixed martial artists utilizing sambo
Mixed martial artists utilizing judo
Oghma was a literary journal in the Irish language. It was published from 1989 to 1998, and replaced by the journal An Aimsir Óg. It included the works of Sean Mac Mathuna, Micheál Ó Conghaile and others.
References
1989 establishments in Ireland
1998 disestablishments in Ireland
Defunct literary magazines published in Europe
Defunct magazines published in Ireland
Literary magazines published in Ireland
Magazines established in 1989
Magazines disestablished in 1998
Todd Robert Bowles (born November 18, 1963) is an American football coach and former player who is the head coach of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the National Football League (NFL). They previously served as the head coach of the New York Jets. They played eight seasons in the NFL as a safety, mainly for the Washington Redskins, and started in Super Bowl XXII.
Early years
Bowles attended Elizabeth High School in Elizabeth, New Jersey. They played college football at Temple University (Class of 1985), where they were a four-year starting cornerback for Bruce Arians, for whom Bowles would be an assistant coach decade later when Arians was head coach of the Arizona Cardinals and then the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in the NFL.
Playing career
Bowles was signed by the Washington Redskins as an undrafted free agent on May 7, 1986. They chose the Redskins over six other NFL teams, and signed a contract that included a signing bonus between $8,000 and $10,000. Bowles competed in training camp with free safety Raphel Cherry, and beat them out to earn a spot on the regular season roster. In their second training camp in 1987, Bowles beat out Curtis Jordan for the starting free safety job when Jordan was released during final roster cuts on September 8, 1987. They were the starting free safety in Super Bowl XXII, which Washington won in a blowout.
On February 1, 1989, after their contract expired, Bowles was left unprotected by the Redskins during "Plan B" free agency, despite being a regular starter at free safety the previous two seasons. This was reportedly due to their poor catching abilities in 1988, as well as their lack of playmaking ability. They negotiated contracts with the Dallas Cowboys, Minnesota Vikings, and New York Giants, but ultimately re-signed with the Redskins. In 1990, Bowles received a salary of $300,000, and started 18 games (including playoffs).
The San Francisco 49ers signed Bowles to start for the team in 1991 after they were left unprotected by the Redskins again. They played in all 16 games and started in 14 of them. They were waived during final roster cuts on September 1, 1992. They were claimed off waivers by the Redskins on September 2, 1992. They were waived by the Redskins during final roster cuts on August 31, 1993.
Coaching career
After retiring as a player, Bowles was a member of the Green Bay Packers' player personnel staff under Ron Wolf in 1995 and 1996. They were the defensive coordinator and secondary coach at Morehouse College in 1997, and the defensive coordinator and defensive backs coach at Grambling State from 1998 until 1999. They were the defensive backs coach for the New York Jets in 2000, Cleveland Browns in 2004, and Dallas Cowboys from 2005–2007. They were the Browns' defensive nickel package coach from 2001–2003.
Miami Dolphins
Bowles was hired by the Miami Dolphins as the team's secondary coach and assistant head coach on January 23, 2008. After nearly four seasons as the secondary coach and assistant head coach, they were named the interim head coach on December 12, 2011, following the firing of head coach Tony Sparano. Bowles' first game as interim head coach of the Dolphins came on December 18, on the road against the Buffalo Bills. The Dolphins won the game 30–23. The Dolphins finished 2–1 under Bowles in 2011.
Philadelphia Eagles
The Philadelphia Eagles hired Bowles as the team's secondary coach on January 30, 2012. The Eagles announced on October 16, 2012, that they dismissed defensive coordinator Juan Castillo from their duties and named Todd Bowles as their new defensive coordinator. Under Bowles, the Eagles finished the season ninth in pass defense and twenty-third in rushing defense also in long-time head coach Andy Reid's final season with the team.
Arizona Cardinals
On January 18, 2013, Bowles was hired as defensive coordinator for the Arizona Cardinals. On January 31, 2015, they were voted Associated Press (AP)'s Assistant Coach of the Year for their efforts in the 2014 season. Bowles received 22 of the 50 media members' votes, winning the inaugural award.
New York Jets
Days after the release of Rex Ryan, the New York Jets named Bowles their new head coach and signed them to a 4-year deal on January 14, 2015.
On July 28, 2015, it was revealed that Bowles underwent a partial knee replacement surgery. In the 2015 season, the Jets won 10 games in Bowles's first year leading the team, and the team would barely miss the playoffs. The 2016 season saw the Jets finish near the bottom of the league in most offensive categories, but 11th in rushing yards.
On December 29, 2017, it was announced by the Jets organization that Bowles had been retained for the 2018 season, and signed an extension to continue as coach through 2020. But on December 30, 2018, the Jets fired Bowles after finishing 4–12.
Tampa Bay Buccaneers
On January 8, 2019, Bowles was hired as the defensive coordinator of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, rejoining Bruce Arians as a member of their staff after Arians was hired as the team's head coach.
Bowles's defense received praise for its performance in the 2020–21 playoffs as it was key in the Buccaneers defeating the New Orleans Saints in the divisional round and the Green Bay Packers in the NFC Championship game. Bowles won their third Super Bowl (his first as a coach) as the Buccaneers defeated the Kansas City Chiefs 31–9 in Super Bowl LV. Bowles was credited with a game plan that pressured Chiefs quarterback Patrick Mahomes without resorting to blitzing, by utilizing the two-deep safety look and pass-rushing which prevented the Chiefs' prolific offense from scoring a touchdown and which intercepted Mahomes twice.
On August 4, 2021, Bowles agreed to a three-year contract extension with the Buccaneers.
On March 30, 2022, Bowles was named the head coach of the Buccaneers after Bruce Arians shifted to a senior football consultant role. Bowles and the Bucs agreed to terms on a five-year deal.
Head coaching record
* – Interim head coach
References
External links
Tampa Bay Buccaneers profile
New York Jets profile
Arizona Cardinals profile
1963 births
Living people
African-American coaches of American football
African-American players of American football
American football safeties
Arizona Cardinals coaches
Cleveland Browns coaches
Dallas Cowboys coaches
Elizabeth High School (New Jersey) alumni
Grambling State Tigers football coaches
Green Bay Packers executives
Miami Dolphins coaches
Miami Dolphins head coaches
Morehouse Maroon Tigers football coaches
National Football League defensive coordinators
New York Jets coaches
New York Jets head coaches
Philadelphia Eagles coaches
Players of American football from New Jersey
San Francisco 49ers players
Sportspeople from Elizabeth, New Jersey
Tampa Bay Buccaneers coaches
Tampa Bay Buccaneers head coaches
Temple Owls football players
Washington Redskins players
Coaches of American football from New Jersey
20th-century African-American sportspeople
21st-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Arrudas is a stream that begins its course in Contagem and goes down through Belo Horizonte in the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais. It is one of the source of Das Velhas River Rio das Velhas in Sabará. Ribeirão Arrudas is formed by many streams: Jatobá, Barreiro, Bonsucesso, Cercadinho, Piteiras, Leitão, Acaba Mundo, Serra, Taquaril, Navio-baleia, Santa Terezinha, Ferrugem, Tijuco, Pastinho, among others, which are the tributaries of Arrudas. Together, Arrudas and its affluents form the Arrudas River Basin Bacia do Ribeirão Arrudas.
Although most of the sources that make this important tributary of the Rio das Velhas are still clean, almost all sewage from Contagem and from Belo Horizonte is being dumped into Arrudas, which also jeopardizes Rio das Velhas Basin and Rio São Francisco Basin. The rapid and disorderly Urbanization of Contagem Belo Horizonte and later the construction of avenues to alleviate traffic in Belo Horizonte had removed the green on the banks of Arrudas, contributing to the increase in temperature in the city. In addition, the concrete riverbed added to the increasing soil sealing of the city have caused increasingly destructive floods along the basins of the Arruda and Rio das Velhas, in recent years.
The recent construction of boulevards, as government attempts to solve the traffic problem in Belo Horizonte covered part of the stream, altering significantly the landscape of the city.
External links
Projeto Manuelzão
Bacia do Ribeirão Arrudas
Cartilha sobre o Arrudas do Comitê da Bacia Hidrográfica do Rio das Velhas
Comitê da Bacia Hidrográfica do Rio das Velhas
Blog ribeiraoarrudas
Kadinsky, Sergey "Ribeirao Arrudas, Belo Horizonte" Hidden Waters Blog July 18, 2016
Rivers of Minas Gerais
References
uDraw Pictionary is an art-based video game developed by Page 44 Studios and published by THQ Inc. that players can play on the uDraw GameTablet for the Nintendo Wii. The game is based on the popular board game Pictionary, in which players draw pictures based on clues from a subject and have their teammates guess what specific words the picture is supposed to represent. It was released on November 14, 2010 for the Nintendo Wii game system.
Designed as a multi-player game or party game for all ages, players can choose teams of up to four people to play. Since the uDraw GameTablet comes bundled with uDraw Studio, another art-based video game, players can familiarize themselves with how the tablet and stylus pen work before playing, as well as how to draw, color and sketch on the tablet. uDraw Pictionary includes more than 3,000 clues, with traditional Adult Clues like Object, Difficult and Action or Junior Clues like “Animal Houses” and “At the Zoo” for younger players. The game differs somewhat from classic Pictionary, as the video game has new draw modes. The normal Pictionary mode lets users play the game show-style on a 3D game board with a variety of drawing tools, brushes and colors to choose from for a livelier sketching experience. Pictionary Mania has a custom game board and seven new draw modes, including Get It Straight, Shape It Up, Rotation Frustration, One Line, Ink Limit, No Peeking and Off Hand. Free Draw lets players use the drawing tools in the uDraw GameTablet to create works of art.
uDraw Pictionary has generally received very positive reviews. When THQ previewed Pictionary at Gamescom2010, reviewers noted that the game's additional mode “does crazy things like limit the amount of ink you have available to draw with, rotates the image while you are drawing or makes you draw without lifting the stylus from the tablet, to name but a few. This adds a freshness to the Pictionary experience that is bound to go down well with family and friends.
Gameplay
Designed as a multi-player game or party game for all ages, players can choose teams of up to four people to play. Since the uDraw GameTablet comes bundled with uDraw Studio, another art-based video game, players can familiarize themselves with how the tablet and stylus pen work before playing, as well as how to draw, color and sketch on the tablet.
To play, users roll dice by flicking the stylus pen on the tablet and advance through the spaces on the game board. Players draw clues and have their teammates guess what the picture is within the 60-second time frame. The object of the game is to be the first team to reach the last space on the board.
uDraw Pictionary includes more than 3,000 clues, with traditional Adult Clues like Object, Difficult and Action or Junior Clues like “Animal Houses” and “At the Zoo” for younger players. The game differs somewhat from classic Pictionary, as the video game has new draw modes. The normal Pictionary mode lets users play the game show-style on a 3D game board with a variety of drawing tools, brushes and colors to choose from for a livelier sketching experience. Pictionary Mania has a custom game board and seven new draw modes, including Get It Straight, Shape It Up, Rotation Frustration, One Line, Ink Limit, No Peeking and Off Hand. Free Draw lets players use the drawing tools in the uDraw GameTablet to create works of art.
Reception
uDraw Pictionary has generally received very positive reviews. When THQ previewed Pictionary at Gamescom2010, reviewers noted that the game's additional mode “does crazy things like limit the amount of ink you have available to draw with, rotates the image while you are drawing or makes you draw without lifting the stylus from the tablet, to name but a few. This adds a freshness to the Pictionary experience that is bound to go down well with family and friends.” Video game reviewers at Joystiq noted that “the uDraw version does include one variation that makes the game much more difficult, and arguably more fun.” IGN said Pictionary was “designed with a family atmosphere in
mind,” making it the “party game” among games designed for the uDraw GameTablet. USA Today wrote that Pictionary could be “the best title -- and potentially the most popular -- for uDraw.”
See also
Wii
THQ
References
External links
Official uDraw GameTablet site
Official Wii site
2010 video games
Wii games
Video games scored by Adam Gubman
Wii-only games
THQ games
Video games developed in the United States
Scott Edgar Mellanby (born June 11, 1966) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player, coach, and executive. They primarily played right wing throughout their NHL career, on occasion shifting over to the left side.  They are the son of former Hockey Night in Canada producer Ralph Mellanby.
Playing career
Amateur
As a youth, Mellanby played in the 1979 Quebec International Pee-Wee Hockey Tournament with a minor ice hockey team from Mississauga.
Collegiate
Mellanby was selected 27th overall by the Philadelphia Flyers in the 1984 NHL Entry Draft. After being drafted, Mellanby went to the University of Wisconsin–Madison where they played for two seasons. While there, they also competed with Canada's National Hockey Team. They finished their collegiate career with 35 goals and 82 points in 72 games.
Professional
After their second season in the WCHA was finished, they promptly played their first two NHL games. They made their NHL debut on March 22, 1986 against the New York Rangers. In 1989, Mellanby suffered a serious injury in a barroom brawl when they tried to help a friend and they wound up getting a severe cut from a broken beer bottle on their left arm. The cut sliced four tendons, a nerve and an artery in the arm.
Mellanby would play for Philadelphia until the summer of 1991, when they were traded to the Edmonton Oilers in a 6-player deal that included Jari Kurri going to Philadelphia (though Kurri was traded to the Los Angeles Kings the same day).
Mellanby was left unprotected by the Edmonton Oilers in the 1993 NHL Expansion Draft, allowing them to be claimed by the new Florida Panthers. This was the team where Mellanby would have their best years. In fact they became a fan favorite in Florida when they killed a rat with their hockey stick in the team dressing room, spawning the "rat trick" craze, where fans would litter the ice with thousands of plastic rats after each Panthers goal. They also scored the Panthers' first ever goal in franchise history on October 9, 1993 and played in the 1996 All-Star game.
Mellanby was traded to the St. Louis Blues in February 2001, and the move revitalized their career. They scored 57 points during the 2002–03 season, their highest total since 1996. Mellanby then signed as a free agent with the Atlanta Thrashers in the summer of 2004 and they re-signed with Atlanta for the 2006–07 season. On November 23, 2006, they were suspended one game for a fight between the Thrashers and the Washington Capitals.
Retirement
Mellanby announced their retirement on 24 April 2007, becoming the first player to retire as a Thrashers captain (the four previous Thrashers captains, were either traded or signed elsewhere via free-agency). Mellanby left the game having played the 3rd most NHL games (1431) without a Stanley Cup victory, only behind Phil Housley (1495) and Mike Gartner (1432). The closest Mellanby came to the cup was when their Philadelphia Flyers lost to Edmonton in the 1987 Stanley Cup Finals, 4 games to 3.
Following retirement, Mellanby worked for three years in the Vancouver Canucks organization as a special consultant to general manager Mike Gillis and the hockey operations department. Mellanby then spent two years as an assistant coach with the St. Louis Blues before stepping down following the 2011–12 season to pursue other opportunities in hockey.
On May 28, 2012, Mellanby was hired by the Montreal Canadiens as Director of Player Personnel and became an assistant GM on July 30, 2014. On November 27, 2021 the club announced that Mellanby had resigned.
Personal life
Mellanby and their wife, Susan have a daughter, Courtney, and two sons Carter and Nicholas. Mellanby also is involved in many autism-related causes as their son Carter is autistic. Along with fellow NHLers Olaf Kolzig and Byron Dafoe, Mellanby is a founder of Athletes Against Autism.
Records
Most assists in a game by a Florida Panther, (4 – shared with Ray Whitney)
Most power play goals in a game, (4)
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
See also
Captain
List of NHL players with 1000 games played
List of NHL players with 2000 career penalty minutes
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
Anglophone Quebec people
Atlanta Thrashers captains
Atlanta Thrashers players
Autism activists
Canadian ice hockey right wingers
Edmonton Oilers players
Florida Panthers players
Ice hockey people from Quebec
Montreal Canadiens executives
National Hockey League All-Stars
Philadelphia Flyers draft picks
Philadelphia Flyers players
St. Louis Blues coaches
St. Louis Blues players
Sportspeople from Montreal
Vancouver Canucks scouts
Wisconsin Badgers men's ice hockey players
Canadian ice hockey coaches
Henry Carmer Wetmore (August 6, 1823 New York City – January 28, 1862 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) was an American writer and politician from New York.
Life
They were the son of Apollos Russell Wetmore (1795–1881) and Mary (Carmer) Wetmore (1798–1876). They worked in their father's hardware store. In 1846, they married Mary Jane Bird, and they had four children. About 1851, they removed to Fishkill, New York, and engaged in literary pursuits.
In 1854, they published Hermit's Dell; from the Diary of A Penciller (on-line version; 285 pages). They contributed prose and poetry to newspapers and magazines, among them Harper's Magazine.
They were a Know Nothing member of the New York State Senate (11th D.) in 1859. William G. Mandeville had been elected to this seat in 1857 for a two-year term (1858–1859). Mandeville was appointed as Postmaster of Stuyvesant Falls, New York in June 1858. They executed their oath and bond, and sent them to the U.S. Postal Department but, before their commission could have been issued, declined to take the office, too late realising that the acceptance of this appointment would vacate their Senate seat. Wetmore had themselves nominated, and elected at the State election in November 1858, claiming a vacancy, although no notice of such a special election had been given by the Secretary of State, and no candidates were nominated by the other parties. Mandeville appeared at the beginning of the session of 1859, and took their seat. After much debate, Mandeville's seat was declared vacant on March 16, and Wetmore was seated on April 5, thus occupying the seat for two weeks until the adjournment on April 19, 1859.
They were buried at the New York Marble Cemetery.
Sources
The New York Civil List compiled by Franklin Benjamin Hough, Stephen C. Hutchins and Edgar Albert Werner (1867; pg. 321 and 442)
Biographical Sketches of the State Officers and Members of the Legislature of the State of New York in 1859 by William D. Murray (pg. 71f)
Documents of the Senate (82nd Session) (1859; Vol. 2, No. 104 and 105, arguments for and against seating Wetmore)
Wetmore genealogy at RootsWeb
Carmer genealogy at RootsWeb
DEATH OF MR. A. R. WETMORE in NYT on January 22, 1881
External links
1823 births
1862 deaths
New York (state) state senators
People from Fishkill, New York
New York (state) Know Nothings
19th-century American politicians
Writers from New York City
Burials at New York Marble Cemetery
Friday Mosque is a mosque in Nouakchott, Mauritania. It is located just southeast of the Lebanese International University on the Avenue Gamal Abdel Nasser, next to the Judiciary Palace and the headquarters of Air Mauritania.
See also
Islam in Mauritania
Mosques in Mauritania
Buildings and structures in Nouakchott
The Jersey people (Jèrriais: Jèrriais; ) also referred to as Islanders, are an ethnic group and nation native to the island of Jersey in the Channel Islands who share a common history, Norman ancestry and culture.
There is no standard demonym for Jersey people, however common demonyms include Jerseyman/Jerseywoman or Jèrriais. Jersey people are colloquially known as 'beans', after the Jersey bean crock - a traditional meal, or (the Jèrriais word for toad), the reason being that Jersey has toads and Guernsey does not. There is a statue in St. Helier of a toad, known as Le Crapaud. The Jersey toad is a unique species, which are bigger, breed earlier and use different habitats than English toads.
Population
Jersey is the largest and most populous island of the Channel Islands, an archipelago near the coast of France that is part of the British Isles. Jersey is a British Crown dependency and is not part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
Census
In the most recent 2011 Jersey census, 46.4% or 45,379 people self-identified their ethnic origins as Jersey, a numerical increase of 790 people over the 2001 census.
Social structure
The historic social structure of Jerseymen does not match that of the English. The islander's smaller and more close-knit population did not produce the same social divides historically as seen in larger countries. That is not to say that Jersey had no social hierarchy however. The historic social hierarchy consisted of the seigneurs at the top, the broad middle class of smallholder farmers, as well as tradesmen and merchants, and finally the landless poor.
This had an influence on Jersey's economic development. It was not possible politically for land to be forcefully taken to the same degree as occurred during the English enclosures. Instead, it made it possible to maintain a smallholder-based system of land ownership, which leads to the patchwork of comparatively small fields which dominates the island's rural landscape today.
Jersey diaspora
There is a Jersey diaspora in a number of places. Some went to live in Canada as part of the Norman-Canadian community, especially during the early stages of colonialism. By 1837, there were an estimated 1237 Jersey people living in Canada. Jèrriais was widely spoken, surviving in Canada until the mid-20th century. Channel Islanders seemed to benefit from more education than the other locals and gained many positions in local politics and government. The Gaspé-Jersey-Guernsey Association is dedicated to the collection of artefacts, documents and other information about the history of Channel Island settlers on the Gaspé coast.
There were modest Jersey settlements in the American colonies in the 17th century, driven by religion, trade and a wish to escape from poverty. Settlement was concentrated in and around Boston. John Cabot was born in Jersey in 1580 and moved out to Salem. Their descendants include a number of US Senators and John Kerry, former US Secretary of State. An example of a famous person of Jersey descent in North America is Buffalo Bill. The North American Cody family is descended from Philip Le Caudey. who came to Massachusetts from the island. One of their descendants was William Cody, a bison hunter and soldier better known as Buffalo Bill.
Jersey people have also emigrated to Great Britain. In the 1901 census in England and Wales, it is estimated that 12,000 people living there were Jersey-born. During World War II, due to the Occupation of Jersey, many Jersey people became refugees in England. In many places, Channel Island Societies were established to help refugee islanders keep in touch with each other (and to a limited extent with their occupied homeland). Many chose to emigrate from Jersey permanently after Liberation.
Otherwise, many young Jersey people have left the island since the 19th century, seeking education or employment opportunities elsewhere (particularly in the UK).
The Government of Jersey is making attempts to support links between the Jersey diaspora and their home nation. For example, the GoJ London Office has created the 'Always Jersey' programme, which encourages Jersey émigrés to register to keep in touch with the island.
Language
The traditional language of the Jersey people is Jèrriais, a form of the Norman French native and unique to the island. In more recent times, this has been surpassed by English, which is now the main language spoken by Jersey people.
Culture
The culture of Jersey is a mixture Franco-British culture; however, modern Jersey culture is dominated by British cultural influences.
Cuisine
Bean crock (les pais au fou) is a slow-cooked pork and bean stew, most authentically containing a pig's trotter, water and onions. In the past the dish was so ubiquitous that English-speaking visitors, purporting to believe that the people of Jersey ate nothing else, dubbed the inhabitants Jersey beans.
References
People of Jersey descent
Leonard "Iron Legs" Macaluso was an American football player and wrestler. They played fullback for Colgate University from 1928 to 1930. Macaluso was the leading scorer among the major college teams in 1930 (145 points) and was one of two players (Ben Ticknor was the other) to be virtually unanimous choices as a first-team All-Eastern player. They were also selected as a first-team All-American in 1930 by the Associated Press, United Press, Colliers, International News Service (INS), New York Evening Post, and New York Sun." Macaluso later became a professional wrestler, competing under the name "Iron Legs" Macaluso.
See also
1930 College Football All-America Team
List of NCAA major college football yearly scoring leaders
References
All-American college football players
Colgate Raiders football players
American male professional wrestlers
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
"Welcome to the Show" is a song recorded by American singer Adam Lambert featuring Persian-Swedish singer-songwriter Laleh. It was released through Warner Bros. Records on March 17, 2016 independent of Lambert's 2015 album, The Original High. The power pop song was written by Laleh with Ali Payami and was produced by Laleh.
Lambert and Laleh promoted the song through a performance on American Idol, the eighth season of which they finished as runner-up, on March 17, 2016. An accompanying music video co-directed by Lambert and photographer Lee Cherry premiered July 6, 2016 alongside an essay from Lambert explaining the song's intention to "inspire strength and PRIDE."
Composition
"Welcome to the Show" is a power ballad written by Ali Payami and Laleh Pourkarim with a duration of three minutes and twenty-one seconds (3:21). Payami also provides the instrumentation for the song and is credited with performances on bass, keyboards, percussion, piano, and strings. Max Martin, a long-time collaborator of Lambert's and the executive producer of their 2015 album, The Original High, introduced Lambert to Laleh and Payami. Lyrically, the song discusses "shin[ing] a light" on one's vulnerabilities and embracing one's honest self.
According to the digital sheet music published by Kobalt Music Publishing America, the song is originally composed in the key of D major and is set in common time to an approximate tempo of 108 BPM. Lambert's vocals span two-and-a-half octaves from B through E. Described as a power ballad, the song features synth chords and a "boom-clap" beat paired with introspective, vulnerable lyrics.
Music video
The official music video for "Welcome to the Show" premiered July 6, 2016 and was co-directed by Adam Lambert with their friend, photographer Lee Cherry. Dedicated to their fans, the video was produced independently of Lambert's record label. Shot primarily in black-and-white, the video features kaleidoscopic colour to accentuate emotional moments. The close-up shots and shirtless moments have also been described as expressions of vulnerability. Accompanying the release of the video, Lambert published an essay describing the origin of the song and the video's concept, wherein they explain that they have seen "so many people trapped by the identity they put so much effort into maintaining, or shunned by choosing not to," and that "Welcome to the Show" is all about choosing to "accept and love who YOU are." Released three weeks after the Orlando nightclub shooting, the video also serves as an indirect tribute to the shooting victims and LGBT community as a whole.
Chart performance
References
External links
2016 songs
2016 singles
Adam Lambert songs
Laleh (singer) songs
Warner Records singles
Songs written by Ali Payami
Songs written by Laleh (singer)
Song recordings produced by Max Martin
The William Collins House is a historic house in Fall River, Massachusetts. It was built in 1800 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
The house is a small -story vernacular farmhouse with the typical five-bay, center chimney plan. It has window trim elements that are probably a mid-19th century Italianate addition. It is one of six houses in the Steep Brook area considered to be the best representatives of the pre-industrial era of the city's history, amplified by the house's setting on a large and semi-rural lot.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Fall River, Massachusetts
References
Houses in Fall River, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Fall River, Massachusetts
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Houses completed in 1800
The turquoise-throated puffleg (Eriocnemis godini), also known as Godin's puffleg, is a species of hummingbird from Ecuador. It is mostly green with blue undertail coverts and white powder-puffs of downy feathers on the legs, and the male has a bluish-purple throat patch. It is only known from a few specimens taken in the nineteenth century and its taxonomic position is unclear. The type of habitat in which the type species was obtained has largely disappeared, and recent surveys trying to find this bird have failed. The International Union for Conservation of Nature believes it may be extinct, but there is a possibility that some individuals remain, so the bird has been rated as "critically endangered".
Description
Based on the few known specimens, it has a total length of 10-11 centimetres. The plumage of the male is predominantly green with a turquoise tinted throat. Both sexes have violet blue untertail-coverts and a straight black bill. The upperparts and the main part of the underparts are shimmering golden green in the males. Rump and uppertail-coverts are bluish green. The throat is pale violet blue and the forked tail is bluish black. The female lacks the throat patches, its plumage is less light and the belly more golden. Like all pufflegs it has striking leg-puffs of dense white downy feather tufts.
Taxonomical debate
The turquoise-throated puffleg is a subject of a taxonomical debate, at least partially due to its status and the few known specimens. Graves (1996) assumed it could be a hybrid between E. vestita and an undetermined Eriocnemis species, while Ridgely (2001) suggested seeing it as subspecies of the E. vestita.
Distribution and status
This hummingbird is only known by six specimens which were collected in the 19th century. Only the type specimen from 1850 has a known locality, it being from the Chillo valley, Guayllabamba plains, Ecuador, at an altitude between 2,100 and 2,300 m asl. Two skins are simply labelled "Bogotá" - a common practice in the 19th century and not necessarily directly related to the actual locality where they were taken. It has been suggested that these two "Bogotá" specimens originated from Pasto in Nariño, Colombia.
Virtually all presumed habitat at the type locality has been destroyed. Only a few remnants are left in the steep-sided stream-cuts in the arid upper Guaillabamba drainage.
After an unconfirmed sighting in 1976, there was a survey in 1980, but this was unsuccessful.
See also
List of hummingbirds
References
External links
BirdLife factsheet - turquoise-throated puffleg
Print by John Gould
turquoise-throated puffleg
Birds of the Ecuadorian Andes
Endemic birds of Ecuador
Critically endangered animals
Critically endangered biota of South America
Controversial hummingbird taxa
turquoise-throated puffleg
turquoise-throated puffleg
Henry John Bear is a Native American politician from Maine. In January 2013, they were sworn in as the first elected member of the Maine House of Representatives representing the Maliseet people. They replaced David Slagger, who was appointed to the Maine House.
Bear grew up in Lewiston, Maine living in poverty. At 17, they joined the United States Coast Guard, where they met their wife, Violet Dotson. The two have four grown children and eight grandchildren. They and their family live in Houlton, Maine, where they operate a Maliseet respite care facility.
They were the Democratic candidate for the 144th district in the 2016 election. In November 2017, they became a member of the Maine Green Independent Party. Bear ran unsuccessfully for Maine's 2nd congressional district in 2018. The Maliseet people opted not to send a delegate to the Maine House of Representatives for the 2019-2020 session.
Following completion of their LLM Degree, conferred by the University of Maine School of Law in May 2020, Henry Bear was admitted to the Bar in Maine that fall, owing to delays in processing caused by the Covid-19 Pandemic. They have been engaged by a consortium of First Nations groups to sue the Catholic Church for conditions members experienced in residential schools in Canada.
References
21st-century American politicians
Living people
Maine Democrats
Maine Greens
Maine Independents
Maliseet people
Members of the Maine House of Representatives
Native American people from Maine
Native American state legislators in Maine
Green Party of the United States officeholders
People from Houlton, Maine
Politicians from Lewiston, Maine
University of Maine at Presque Isle alumni
University of New Brunswick alumni
1956 births
Yasmeen Al Maimani () is the first woman from Saudi Arabia to become a commercial airline pilot. They received their commercial pilot license from FAA in 2013, which they converted to Saudi General Authority of Civil Aviation (GACA) license and became the first Saudi Arabian commercial airline pilot in 2019. Them first official flight was on June 9, 2019 with Nesma Airlines.
Initial years as pilot
Yasmeen Al Maimani obtained a PPL in 2010 from RJAA, Jordan. When they submitted this license in Saudi Arabia, it was rejected owing to the country lacking such a provision. They completed their studies in the US and having clocked 300 hours of flying practice, they were granted a Commercial Pilot License on 13 May 2013. They returned to Saudi Arabia and exchanged their license for the one issued by the Saudi Aviation Authority, GACA. For the next few years, Yasmeen Al Maimani searched for a job as a commercial pilot in Saudi Arabia but was refused owing to being a woman.
Breakthrough
In 2018, Saudi Arabia announced a shift in policy in its aviation sector by hiring women to serve as cabin crew and permitting enrollment of women in flight schools. For the first time, Saudi women were given the opportunity to become co-pilots. Yasmeen Al Maimani applied along with more than 50 candidates. Eventually, they were among the 11 that were selected and underwent the mandatory training.
First official flight
In June 2019, GACA declared Yasmeen Al Maimani as the first Saudi female pilot to fly a commercial airline. Them first official flight as a commercial pilot took place on June 9, 2019 between Ha'il Regional Airport and Prince Nayef bin Abdulaziz International Airport in Qaseem and between Ha'il Regional Airport and Prince Sultan bin Abdulaziz International Airport in Tabuk.
References
External links
Nesma official website
Honored by GACA
Living people
Arab women
Middle Eastern women
Civil aviation
Year of birth missing (living people)
Bosse Field is a baseball stadium located in Evansville, Indiana. Opened in 1915, it was the first municipally owned sports stadium in the United States and is the third-oldest ballpark still in regular use for professional baseball, surpassed only by Fenway Park (1912) in Boston and Wrigley Field (1914) in Chicago.
It is the home field for the professional Evansville Otters of the independent Frontier League, as well as high school and American Legion games, and in the past hosted spring training for the Detroit Tigers, college baseball, high school, college, and NFL football, college soccer, and concerts. Six Baseball Hall of Fame members played for Evansville teams at Bosse Field during their minor league careers, including Chuck Klein, Hank Greenberg, Warren Spahn, Bob Uecker, Bert Blyleven and Jack Morris. The historic stadium was also used in 1991 by Columbia Pictures for filming numerous game scenes in the 1992 comedy-drama, A League of Their Own.
History
Benjamin Bosse, mayor of Evansville from 1914 to 1922, reached an agreement with Thomas Garvin's family shortly after taking office in January 1914 to purchase land on the north side of the city for a park. However, the city was in a deficit and could not afford the full $50,000 price. Mayor Bosse conceived of the plan to sell part of the land to the school board who would then build a new stadium to be used for school functions as well as Evansville's baseball team, of which Bosse was a co-owner. When the president of the school board opposed the plan, Bosse had them replaced with a friend, and the new school board both approved the project and also voted to name it Bosse Field in honor of the mayor. Construction was completed the following summer, and Bosse Field opened on June 17, 1915. A Central League record crowd of 8,082 fans attended the stadium dedication and opening game, a 4–0 Evansville victory. Evansville was in third place when they moved to Bosse Field, but went on to win the league championship in 1915.
Ten baseball teams other than the Otters have played at Bosse Field. Some of the most famous are the Evansville Triplets (1970–84), Evansville Braves (1946–57), Evas/Pocketeers/Hubs (1919–1931) and the Evansville River Rats (1914–15). The River Rats had played in Evansville previously from (1903–1910) and (1901–1902). The Triplets won the American Association titles in 1972, 1975, and 1979. The River Rats won the Central League title in 1908 and 1915. The Braves won the Three-I League title in 1946, 1948, 1956, and 1957.
From 1921 to 1922, Bosse Field was used as a football stadium and was home to the Evansville Crimson Giants of the NFL.
The Otters franchise came to Evansville in 1995 and have attracted a record number of fans for the league. In 2006 the Otters won the Frontier League title.
Baseball Hall of Fame members Hank Greenberg, Chuck Klein, Edd Roush, Warren Spahn, and Sam Thompson played at Bosse Field during their careers; another 95 Hall of Fame members visited Bosse Field on opposing teams. There have been over 20 Major League Baseball players from Evansville and dozens of Minor Leaguers.
Football Hall of Fame member Bob Griese played high school football and American Legion baseball at Bosse Field; Don Mattingly, Andy Benes, Rob Maurer, Jeff Schulz, Alan Benes and Jamey Carroll all played at Bosse Field during their high school and/or college careers.
Former/current professional teams
Current / former professional teams who have called Bosse Field home, have won a combined 10 league titles.
Concerts
July 2, 1972: Freedom Festival and Ice Cream Social with Ike & Tina Turner Revue, Edgar Winter, Dr. John 'The Night Tripper', Cactus, Black Oak Arkansas, Spirit, Country Joe & The Fish, Howlin' Wolf, John Lee Hooker, Boones Farm and New Riders of the Purple Sage
August 20, 1974: Allman Brothers Band, Elvin Bishop, REO Speedwagon
References
External links
Bosse Field at Evansville Convention & Visitors Bureau website
Detroit Tigers spring training venues
Minor league baseball venues
Defunct National Football League venues
High school baseball venues in the United States
Sports venues in Evansville, Indiana
Spring training ballparks
Frontier League ballparks
Sports venues completed in 1915
1915 establishments in Indiana
Evansville, Indiana
Baseball venues in Indiana
Battle of Two Flowers () is a 2018 Burmese legal drama television series. It aired on MRTV, from January 3, to March 9, 2018, on every Wednesday, Thursday and Friday at 19:15 for 30 episodes.
Cast
Paing Phyo Thu as Shwe Zawar
May Barani Thaw as May Khattar
Soe Yan Aung as Theinkha
Htet Ko Ko Lin as La Pyae Aung
Marco as Ye Lin Htun
Yan Kyaw as U Ye Kyaw
Ko Ko Lin Maung as U Htut Khaung
Than Than Soe as Mother of May Khattar
Khin Thazin as Jessica
Awards
References
Burmese television series
The 1988 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships took place between June 16–19 at Pepin-Rood Stadium on the campus of University of Tampa in Tampa, Florida. The meet was organized by The Athletics Congress. This was the last time the National Championships were held separately from the Olympic Trials in the same year. With the Trials held four weeks later, many athletes made decisions to forgo the National Championships in order to be ready for the trials. Starting in 1992, the two meets were combined.
Results
Men track events
Men field events
Women track events
Women field events
See also
United States Olympic Trials (track and field)
References
Results from T&FN
results
USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships
Usa Outdoor Track And Field Championships, 1988
Track and field
Track and field in Florida
USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships
USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships
Schlüsselfeld is a town on the southwestern edge of the Upper Franconian district (Landkreis) of Bamberg
Geography
Schlüsselfeld lies 24 km southwest of Bamberg in the Steigerwald (forest) in the valley of the Reiche Ebrach, 299 m above sea level.
Constituent communities
The town of Schlüsselfeld is made up of 22 Ortsteile, which for the most part were independent communities until administrative reform:
Aschbach
Attelsdorf
Bernroth
Debersdorf
Eckersbach
Elsendorf
Fallmeisterei
Güntersdorf
Heuchelheim
Hohn am Berg
Hopfenmühle
Lach
Obermelsendorf
Possenfelden
Rambach bei Schlüsselfeld
Reichmannsdorf
Schlüsselfeld
Thüngbach
Thüngfeld
Untermelsendorf
Wüstenbuch
Ziegelsambach
The town also has these traditional rural land units, known in German as Gemarkungen (most are former independent communities retained as cadastral areas):
Aschbach
Eckersbach
Elsendorf
Heuchelheim
Reichmannsdorf
Schlüsselfeld
Thüngfeld
Untermelsendorf
Ziegelsambach
All share names with the town's constituent communities as it is traditional for a Gemarkung to be named after a town or village lying nearby.
From 1972 to 1978, Schlüsselfeld belonged to Middle Franconia.
Climate
Schlüsselfeld's average yearly temperature is 8.24 °C.
History
Schlüsselfeld was founded on 10 June 1336 by Konrad von Schlüsselberg. They were granted the right to found a town by Holy Roman Emperor Ludwig IV. After its founder's death, Schlüsselfeld passed to the Bishops of Bamberg and Würzburg. Through a compromise, Würzburg also acquired Bamberg's share of the town in 1390.
In 1396, the market town of Schlüsselfeld had its town rights confirmed.
The Würzburg Bishops built Schlüsselfeld up into an Amt and chose as their Amt seat the Thüngfeld Castle (Thüngfelder Schloss).
The town hall built in 1723 declares the following in a Latin inscription:
“This house hates unrest, loves peace, punishes crime, upholds the law, honours goodness. ”
As part of the Würzburg High Monastery, the tithing centre (Centamt) of Schlüsselfeld was secularized in Bavaria's favour in 1803, passed in 1805 with the Peace of Pressburg to the newly formed Grand Duchy of Würzburg, and then eventually, after territorial adjustments in 1810, was returned to Bavaria. In the course of administrative reform in Bavaria, today's community came into being under the Gemeindeedikt (“Community Edict”) of 1818.
Religion
Of the town's inhabitants, 4,262 belong to the Catholic Church, 1,217 to the Evangelical Church and 588 to other or no religious bodies.
Population development
Within town limits, 4,780 inhabitants were counted in 1970, 5,034 in 1987 and 5,711 in 2000. Over the next six years, the population rose and on 31 December 2006, it had reached 5,824.
Politics
The mayor is Johannes Krapp (CSU).
In 1999, municipal tax revenue, converted to euros, amounted to €2,715,000 of which business taxes (net) amounted to €817,000.
Town council
Town council consists of:
CSU 9 seats
SPD 4 seats
Freie Wählergemeinschaft 3 seats
Unabhängige Bürgergemeinschaft 3 seats
Überparteilich Christliche Wählergemeinschaft 1 seat
Coat of arms
Schlüsselfeld's arms might heraldically be described thus: In gules a key argent per bend sinister with the bit upturned, flanked per bend each side by a mullet of six Or.
The key refers not only to the town's name (“Schlüsselfeld” literally means “Key Field” in German), but also by its charges and tinctures to the arms borne by the old Lords of Schlüsselberg, who have since died out, but who were once the town's owners and founders. The town was first mentioned in history as Konrad von Schlüsselberg's property. The current coat of arms appeared for the first time in a seal from the 16th century. The town flag is gold, white and red.
Culture and sightseeing
Worth seeing in the Schlüsselfeld area are the following:
in Schlüsselfeld: the Town Gate Tower with remains of the town wall and two round towers, the Petrusbrunnen (fountain), the Old Town Hall with pillory, the New Town Hall, the Gothic parish church, the Klein-Mariazell im Steigerwald church (with a copy of the Icon of Mariazell in the Steiermark, Austria)
in Aschbach: the Baroque castle, the Mariä-Himmelfahrt church, the Evangelical church with Marienaltar
in Reichmannsdorf: Dientzenhof Castle
in Heuchelheim the Dreifrankenstein
Economy and infrastructure
The town of Schlüsselfeld lies at the common point of all three of Franconia's Regierungsbezirke, right on the A 3 (Würzburg-Nuremberg) with its Schlüsselfeld interchange, and is acknowledged as a smaller centre.
References
Bamberg (district)
William Grant Mills (August 15, 1877 – March 14, 1933), nicknamed Wee Willie, was a professional baseball pitcher. They briefly pitched for the New York Giants in 1901.
Mills earned their nickname due to their stature; they stood only 5'7" and weighed about 150 lbs.
Mills first pitched for Utica in the New York State League in 1899. They would post a 47-26 record with Utica over two seasons, leading the club to the 1900 New York State League championship. In 1901 they began the season with a 13-game winning streak while playing for Schenectady before being called up by the Giants. However, they would only make two appearances for the Giants, earning the loss in both games, before being returned to Schenectady.
During their career, they also pitched for Montreal, Los Angeles, Baltimore, Rochester, and Toronto.
Mills was the father of Art Mills, who played for the Boston Braves and also coached the Detroit Tigers in their 1945 World Series victory.
References
Billy Mills and Scott Fiesthumel. Diamond Dynasty: Three Generations in Baseball. Erie Canal Productions, .
External links
1877 births
1933 deaths
New York Giants (NL) players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Baseball players from New York (state)
Fall River Indians players
Hartford Bluebirds players
Newark Colts players
Torrington Demons players
Reading Coal Heavers players
Utica Pentups players
Utica Reds players
Schenectady Electricians players
Montreal Royals players
Rochester Bronchos players
Toronto Maple Leafs (International League) players
Baltimore Orioles (IL) players
Utica Pent-Ups players
Nashville Vols players
The 2021–22 UNC Wilmington Seahawks men's basketball team represented the University of North Carolina Wilmington during the 2021–22 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Seahawks are led by second-year head coach Takayo Siddle. They played their home games at Trask Coliseum as part of the Colonial Athletic Association. They finished the season 27–9, 15–3 in CAA play to finish in a tie for the regular season championship with Towson. The Seahawks defeated Elon and Charleston in the CAA Tournament before losing to Delaware in the championship game. They received a bid to the College Basketball Invitational Tournament as the No. 9 seed. They defeated VMI, Drake, Northern Colorado, and Middle Tennessee to win the CBI championship.
Previous season
In a season limited due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, the Seahawks finished the 2020–21 season with a 7–10 record and 1–6 in conference play. They lost to William & Mary in the first round of the CAA Tournament .
Roster
Schedule and results
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Exhibition
|-
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Non-conference regular season
|-
|-
!colspan=9 style=| CAA regular season
|-
!colspan=12 style=| CAA Tournament
|-
!colspan=12 style=| CBI
Source:
References
UNC Wilmington Seahawks men's basketball seasons
UNC Wilmington
UNC Wilmington
UNC Wilmington
UNC Wilmington
College Basketball Invitational championship seasons
Arnoldia is a quarterly magazine published by the Arnold Arboretum of Harvard University. It is an interdisciplinary publication with articles covering a broad range of topics including plant exploration, plant taxonomy and biogeography, landscape design, and more. While the authors are primarily researchers and other plant professionals, all are encouraged to write with a narrative and explanatory style that is accessible to a wide range of readers.
History
Arnoldia was established as the Bulletin of Popular Information in 1911. The Arnold Arboretum's first director, Charles Sprague Sargent, viewed the publication as a means of alerting visitors to the "flowering of important plants" in the Arnold Arboretum's collections. Initially, the Bulletins were issued only during the growing season, and with a Bulletin in hand, there was no reason a visitor should miss the flowering or fruiting of any plant on the grounds.
After Sargent's death in March 1927, Ernest Henry Wilson assumed responsibility of the publication. Other than the addition of illustrations, however, the publication continued to be a seasonal guide filled with information on the phenology, history, and culture of the Arboretum's plants. It was not until Wilson's untimely death in 1930 that the content began to expand. Edgar Anderson, best known for their later work at the Missouri Botanical Garden, edited the publication for the next four years, and while "plants of current interest" remained a regular feature, staff members began to contribute longer articles, with new interdisciplinary topics including ethnobotanical uses of plants, botanical art, and landscape history. This thematic expansion was encouraged by Oakes Ames, a Harvard professor of botany who had been appointed the managing supervisor of the Arnold Arboretum in 1927. In 1931, Ames wrote the first Bulletin article about botanical art.
Donald Wyman took over the editorship in 1936, and in 1941 Arnold Arboretum director Elmer Drew Merrill, who was partial to one-word titles, changed the Bulletin of Popular Information into Arnoldia, honoring benefactor James Arnold. Wyman wrote the lion's share of its articles for over thirty years. A remembrance in 1993 recognized their contributions: "More, perhaps, than any other single person, certainly of their era, they advanced the knowledge of hardy woody plants through their articles published in Arnoldia and elsewhere . . . Their work may now seem familiar, but only because it's been so often imitated."
After Wyman's retirement, other editors expanded the content. In 1970, Arnoldia was reformatted as magazine with multiple contributors per issue, and the inaugural issue contained articles about botanical libraries, a botanical trip to Hong Kong, and the natural history of a common weed. The scope of the publication has continued to expand over the subsequent decades, attracting an even wider variety of scholarship.
Aims and scope
Arnoldia calls its interdisciplinary approach “plant studies,” as opposed to “plant science,” which implies that authors should use a humanities-based approach, even when the subject matter comes from a scientific research background.
References
External links
Arnoldia on JSTOR
Arnoldia on Biodiversity Heritage Library
Bulletin of Popular Information on JSTOR
Bulletin of Popular Information on Biodiversity Heritage Library
Botany journals
S. M. M. Muszhaaraff (; ; (born 10 June 1983) is a Sri Lankan politician and member of Parliament for Digamadulla District.
Early life
Muszhaaraff was born on 10 June 1983.  They are the son of Meeralebbe Safiul Muthunabeen & Meerashahibu Katheeja Beevi.
Career
Muszhaaraff worked as a TV presenter and producer. They have won several State Awards for their shows.
Electoral history
References
External links
Official Facebook Page of S. M. M. Muszhaaraff MP
1983 births
21st-century Sri Lankan politicians
All Ceylon Makkal Congress politicians
Living people
Members of the 16th Parliament of Sri Lanka
Sri Lankan Moor politicians
Soyuz 25 (, Union 25) was an October, 1977, Soviet crewed space flight, the first to the new Salyut 6 space station, which had been launched 10 days earlier. However, the mission was aborted when cosmonauts Vladimir Kovalyonok and Valery Ryumin failed to engage the docking latches of the station despite five attempts. Lacking sufficient fuel to attempt a dock at the other end of the station and with battery power for only two days, they returned to Earth.
The failure led to a new rule whereby every crew had to have at least one person aboard who had previously flown in space.
Crew
Backup crew
Mission highlights
Soyuz 25 was launched on 9 October 1977 with a crew of two cosmonauts to dock with the orbiting Salyut 6 space station, which had been launched 10 days earlier, on 29 September. The crew were to stay on board for about 90 days, which would break the Soviet space endurance record, and possibly the all-time record of 84 days held by the crew of Skylab 4. The station was a new version of a Salyut with modifications including a second docking port which allowed supply ships and other crews to visit during the duration of a mission.
The vehicle approached the station the next day, and it contacted the forward port, but the Soyuz craft failed to make a hard dock with the station. The cosmonauts told the ground crew that they had attempted to dock four times, but that the contact light failed to come on. While the crew waited in soft dock - the docking system probe was latched onto the Salyut docking drogue, but the probe had failed to retract and bring the craft together - the ground crew studied the problem.
On the 20th orbit, Kovalenko undocked the Soyuz, and attempted to dock for the fifth time during the 23rd orbit, but failed again. The decision was made to return to earth, as the Soyuz was equipped with batteries designed to last about two days, and the craft lacked fuel to attempt to dock with the port on the opposite side of the station.
A news release was issued: "At 07.09 Moscow time today (10 October) the automatic rendezvous of the Soyuz 25 ship and the Salyut 6 station was begun. From a distance of 120 metres, the vehicles performed a docking manoeuvre. Due to deviations from the planned procedure for docking, the link-up was called off. The crew has begun making preparations for a return to Earth."
The crew thus had to make an early reentry and landed northwest of Tselinograd, Kazakhstan on 11 October.
The failure was a serious blow to the Soviets, as their media had given the flight a high profile, noting that the flight had come from the same launchpad as Sputnik 1 and Vostok 1, and coincided with the 60th anniversary of the October Revolution.
The problem was traced later to a faulty mechanism on the Soyuz; this was not discovered until after the Soyuz 26 flight performed an EVA to inspect the second docking port on Salyut 6.
The mission failure resulted in a rule stating that future crews would include at least one cosmonaut who had already flown a space mission. This resulted in the all-rookie backup crew of Aleksandr Ivanchenkov and Yuri Romanenko being paired with veteran cosmonauts for future missions. The rule was not relaxed until 1994 and Soyuz TM-19.
Mission parameters
Mass:
Perigee:
Apogee:
Inclination: 51.66°
Period: 88.66 minutes
References
Crewed Soyuz missions
1977 in the Soviet Union
Spacecraft launched in 1977
Spacecraft which reentered in 1977
Spacecraft launched by Soyuz-U rockets
The 1975 Banqiao Dam failure (simplified Chinese: 河南“75·8”水库溃坝; traditional Chinese: 河南「75·8」水庫潰壩) was the collapse of the Banqiao Dam and 61 other dams in Henan, China, under the influence of Typhoon Nina in August 1975. The dam collapse created the third-deadliest flood in history which affected a total population of 10.15 million and inundated around 30 cities and counties of 12,000 square kilometers (or 3 million acres), with an estimated death toll ranging from 26,000 to 240,000. The flood also caused the collapse of 5 million to 6.8 million houses. The dam failure took place when many people were preoccupied with the Cultural Revolution.
Most of the dams that collapsed in this disaster were built with the help of experts from the Soviet Union or during the Chinese Great Leap Forward. The construction of the dams focused heavily on the goal of retaining water and overlooked their capacities to prevent floods, while the quality of the dams was also compromised due to the Great Leap Forward. The Banqiao dam had been designed for a calculated one in a thousand year rainfall event of 300 mm/day; however, more than the normal yearly rainfall (1060 mm) fell in just one day near the typhoon center. Some experts have also stated that the big steel melting during the Great Leap Forward, as well as a number of policies from "Learn from Dazhai in agriculture" campaign, severely damaged the ecosystem and forest cover in the region, which was a major cause of the flood, and the government's mishandling of the dam failure contributed to its severity.
The Chinese Communist Party (CCP) as well as the Chinese government subsequently concealed the details of the disaster until the 1990s, when The Great Floods in China's History (), a book prefaced by Qian Zhengying who served as the Minister of Water Resources of China in the 1970s and 1980s, revealed details of the disaster to the public for the first time. The official documents of the disaster were declassified in 2005 by the Chinese government. In May 2005, the Banqiao Dam failure was rated No.1 in "The Ultimate 10 Technological Disasters" of the world by Discovery Channel, outranking the Chernobyl nuclear disaster.
Historical background
Construction
Starting in the early 1950s, three major reservoirs and dams, including Banqiao Dam, Shimantan Dam and the Baisha Dam, were under construction in Zhumadian of Henan Province. The long-term project, under the name of "Harness the Huai River", was launched to prevent flooding and to utilize the water for irrigation and generating electricity.
At the time, Chinese construction workers had no experience with building major reservoirs and, as a result, the design and construction was completely under the guidance of experts from the Soviet Union. The design of the dams overly focused on the purpose of water storage while overlooking the capacities of preventing floods. By 1953, the construction work at the three reservoirs was completed, but a "reinforcement" project on Banqiao and Shimantan dams was further carried out between 1955-1956 following the instructions of the Soviet Union. After renovations, the Banqiao dam was known as the "Iron Dam (铁壳坝)" to reflect its invincibility.
The period of Great Leap Forward
During the Great Leap Forward launched by Mao Zedong, over 100 dams were built in the Zhumadian region from 1957–1959. Tan Zhenlin, then Vice Premier of the People's Republic of China, issued the guidelines on reservoir construction during their trip to Henan Province: "focusing on retaining water, building more small reservoirs". At the time, "retaining more water" meant "more revolutionary".
On the other hand, the intense production of steel during the Great Leap Forward as well as the "Learn from Dazhai in agriculture" program launched by Mao severely damaged the ecosystem in the Zhumadian region. The percentage of forest cover dropped drastically and land degradation was prevalent, which, according to most experts, were the major causes of floods.
Whistle-blower
Chen Xing, then chief engineer of the dam projects, opposed the ideas of constructing too many dams as well as prioritizing the goal of "retaining water". They pointed out that the local geographical conditions made it unreasonable to overly emphasize the reservoir's function of water storage, because otherwise there was risk of creating serious floods and other disasters such as alkalinization of farm land. Nevertheless, Chen's warning was ignored and they were criticized for being a "Rightist" and "Opportunist"; they were subsequently removed from their post and was sent to Xinyang.
The Cultural Revolution
The collapse of the dams occurred during the Chinese Cultural Revolution (1966-1976), when most people were busy with the revolution and had little time with the dams while it was raining heavily. In fact, there were no resources or equipments available to prevent the flood.
After the disaster, Zhang Guangyou (张广友), a journalist from the Xinhua News Agency visited the area and interviewed several experts, who were afraid to express their opinions in public lest they be condemned for "questioning Cultural Revolution" and "questioning Chairman Mao". However, the experts told Zhang privately that the land degradation and the damage to the ecosystem due to Mao's Great Leap Forward were the major causes of the collapse of the dams.
The collapse of dams
Typhoon Nina
August 6–7
Communication with the dam was largely lost due to failures. On August 6, a request to open the dam was rejected because of the existing flooding in downstream areas.
On August 7 the request was accepted, but the telegrams failed to reach the dam. The sluice gates were not able to handle the overflow of water partially due to sedimentation blockage. On August 7 at 21:30, the People's Liberation Army Unit 34450 (by name the 2nd Artillery Division in residence at Queshan county), which was deployed on the Banqiao Dam, sent the first dam failure warning via telegraph.
August 8
On August 8, at 01:00, water at the Banqiao crested at the 117.94 m level above sea level, or 0.3 meter higher than the wave protection wall on the dam, and it failed. The same storm caused the failure of 62 dams in total. The runoff of Banqiao Dam was 13,000 m3 per second in vs. 78,800 m3 per second out, and as a result 701 million m3 of water was released in 6 hours, while 1.67 billion m3 of water was released in 5.5 hours at an upriver Shimantan Dam, and 15.738 billion m3 of water was released in total.
The resulting flood waters caused a wave wide and high in Suiping (遂平) that rushed onto the plains below at nearly , almost wiping out an area long and wide, and creating temporary lakes as large as . Seven county seats, Suiping, Xiping (西平), Ru'nan (汝南), Pingyu (平舆), Xincai (新蔡), Luohe (漯河), and Linquan (临泉) were inundated, as were thousands of square kilometers of countryside and countless communities. Evacuation orders had not been fully delivered due to weather conditions and poor communications. Telegraphs failed, signal flares fired by Unit 34450 were misunderstood, telephones were rare, and some messengers were caught by the flood.
To protect other dams from failure, several flood diversion areas were evacuated and inundated, and several dams were deliberately destroyed by air strikes to release water in desired directions. The Nihewa and Laowangpo flood diversion areas downstream of the dams soon exceeded their capacity and gave up part of their storage on August 8, forcing more flood diversion areas to begin to evacuate.
August 9
The dikes on the Quan River collapsed in the evening of August 9, and the entire Linquan county in Fuyang, Anhui was inundated. As the Boshan Dam, with a capacity of 400 million m3, crested and the water released from the failures of Banqiao and Shimantan was rushing downstream, air strikes were made against several other dams to protect the Suya Lake dam, already holding 1.2 billion m3 of water.
Later period
The Jingguang Railway, a major artery from Beijing to Guangzhou, was cut for 18 days, as were other crucial communications lines. Although 42,618 People's Liberation Army troops were deployed for disaster relief, all communication to and from the cities was cut. Nine days later there were still over a million people trapped by the waters, who relied on airdrops of food and were unreachable by disaster relief workers. Epidemics and famine devastated the trapped survivors. The damage of the Zhumadian area was estimated to be about (). The Zhumadian government appealed to the whole nation for help, and received more than () in donations.
Aftermath
Cover-up and declassification
After the disaster, the Chinese Communist Party and the Chinese government remained silent to the public, while no media were allowed to make reports.
In 1987, Yu Weimin (于为民), a journalist from Henan Daily wrote a book on the disaster, while in 1995 the news agency took the lead and published details about the disaster to the public. At the official level, The Great Floods in China's History () revealed part of the information to the public for the first time; the book was prefaced by Qian Zhengying who served as the Minister of Water Resources of China in the 1970s and 1980s.
The official documents of this disaster were considered a state secret until 2005 when they were declassified. Scientists from China, Italy and the United States subsequently attended a seminar in Beijing, discussing the details.
Casualties
Unofficial figures reported that 85,600-240,000 people died as a result of the dam breaking, although the official figure is 26,000. For example, while only 827 out of 6,000 people died in the evacuated community of Shahedian just below Banqiao Dam, half of a total of 36,000 people died in the unevacuated Wencheng commune of Suipin County next to Shahedian, and the Daowencheng Commune was wiped from the map, killing all 9,600 citizens.
In August 1975, preliminary figures from the Committee of Communist Party in Henan stated that there were 85,600 people from Henan who died in the disaster, while the total death toll did not exceed 100,000 taking account of the people from outside the province. The Committee believed that the figures were relatively accurate and made a report to the Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party.
In the 1980s, several representatives of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference including Qiao Peixin (乔培新), Sun Yueqi (孙越崎), Lin Hua (林华), Qian Jiaju (千家驹), Wang Xingrang (王兴让), Lei Tianjue (雷天觉), Xu Chi (徐驰) and Lu Qinkan (陆钦侃) revealed that the death toll of the 1975 Banqiao Dam failure was 230,000.
In the 1990s, The Great Floods in China's History revealed that approximately 26,000 people died in the province from flooding; in addition, about 5,960,000 buildings collapsed, and 11 million residents were affected. Interestingly, Luo ChengZheng (骆承政), one of the authors of the book, wrote "85,600 people died in the Banqiao Dam failure in 1975" in one edition of the book.
In 1995, the Human Rights Watch stated in its report that the death toll was approximately 230,000.
In 2005, the Ultimate 10 show of Discovery Channel rated the Banqiao Dam failure as the greatest technological catastrophe of the world, beating the Chernobyl nuclear disaster in the Soviet Union. Discovery cited the death toll to be 240,000, which included 140,000 deaths due to famine, infections and epidemics.
Governmental assessment
The Chinese government deems the dam failure a natural one as opposed to human-made disaster, with government sources placing an emphasis on the amount of rainfall as opposed to poor engineering and construction. The People's Daily has maintained that the dam was designed to survive a once-in-1000-years flood (300 mm of rainfall per day) but a once-in-2000-years flood occurred in August 1975, following the collision of Typhoon Nina and a cold front. The typhoon was blocked for two days before its direction ultimately changed from northeastward to westward. As a result of this near stationary thunderstorm system, more than a year's worth of rain fell within 24 hours, which weather forecasts failed to predict. New records were set, at rainfall per hour and per day, exceeding the average annual precipitation of about . China Central Television reported that the typhoon disappeared from radar as it degraded. According to Xinhua, the forecast was for rainfall of 100 mm by the Beijing-based Central Meteorological Observatory.
After the flood, a summit of National Flood Prevention and Reservoir Security at Zhengzhou, Henan was held by the Department of Water Conservancy and Electricity, and a nationwide reservoir security examination was performed.
See also
History of the People's Republic of China
List of hydroelectric power station failures
References
Further reading
Dam Failure and Flood Event Case History Compilation. United States Bureau of Reclamation (June 2015).
"THE THREE GORGES DAM IN CHINA: Forced Resettlement, Suppression of Dissent and Labor Rights Concerns". Human Rights Watch (February 1995).
External links
"The Ultimate 10 Technological Disasters". The Ultimate 10, Discovery Channel (May 28, 2005).
"Banqiao dam failure in 1975, Henan, China". Environmental Justice Atlas (2018).
Cultural Revolution
Floods in China
Dam failures
1975 disasters
1975 floods
1975 in China
Man-made disasters in China
Disasters in Henan
Zornitsa Nedyalkova Popgancheva (; born 22 June 1972), known professionally as Zornitsa Sofia, is a Bulgarian artist and filmmaker.  They are best known for directing Mila from Mars (2004), which was Bulgaria's Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film submission to the 77th Academy Awards. Them 2017 film Voevoda was screened at the Moscow International Film Festival.
Biography
Sofia was born on 22 June 1972 in Sofia, Bulgaria. They graduated from the National Academy of Fine Arts in 1996.
In 1997, they specialized in fine arts at the School of Visual Arts in New York, and in advertising and graphic design at the American University in Washington, D.C.
Sofia spent four years working as an art director for several international advertising agencies including Euro RSCG London. They took part in over 50 visual arts festivals and exhibitions around the world with their video art, installations and paintings before deciding to turn to filmmaking. In 2002, they specialized in film and television directing at the National Academy for Theatre and Film Arts under the supervision of Professor Ludmil Staikov.
Filmography
Mila from Mars (2004)
Forecast (2008)
Voevoda (2017)
Mother (2022)
Notes
References
External links
1972 births
Living people
People from Sofia
Film people from Sofia
Bulgarian filmmakers
Bulgarian film directors
Bulgarian screenwriters
School of Visual Arts alumni
American University alumni
National Academy for Theatre and Film Arts alumni
Luke Glen Richardson (born March 26, 1969) is a Canadian professional ice hockey coach who is the head coach of the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League. Prior to their coaching career, Richardson played as a defenceman in the NHL for 21 seasons.
Playing career
Richardson was selected seventh overall by the Toronto Maple Leafs in the 1987 NHL Entry Draft after two successful seasons with the Peterborough Petes of the Ontario Hockey League (OHL). Midway through their rookie NHL season, on January 6, 1988, Richardson was the victim of an infamous attack from Dino Ciccarelli of the Minnesota North Stars, who clubbed them over the head several times with their stick. Ciccarelli was later convicted of assault, serving one day in jail and paying a fine of C$1,000. However, the assault had no discernible effects on the play of Richardson. They remained a regular on the Toronto blueline until 1991 when they were involved in a blockbuster trade, moving to the Edmonton Oilers (along with Vincent Damphousse, Scott Thornton, Peter Ing, future considerations and cash) in exchange for Grant Fuhr, Glenn Anderson and Craig Berube.
Though not a great point producer, Richardson developed a reputation as an aggressive, stay-at-home blueliner. They would be consistent in that regard during stops with the Oilers, the Philadelphia Flyers and the Columbus Blue Jackets. It was with the Flyers that Richardson came the closest to a Stanley Cup appearance in 2000, when the Flyers lost 4–3 in the Eastern Conference Finals to the New Jersey Devils.
During the 2005–06 season, their last as captain of the Blue Jackets, Richardson was traded back to Toronto on March 8, 2006. Richardson continued playing in the 2006–07 season when they signed a one-year contract with the Tampa Bay Lightning, playing in 27 games and registering 3 assists and 16 penalty minutes. Richardson was a healthy scratch by the end of the 2006–07 season and playoffs, and became an unrestricted free agent that summer.
On August 7, 2007, Richardson signed a one-year, $500,000 two-way contract with their hometown Ottawa Senators, amid the speculation they would soon announce their retirement from the NHL. On February 15, 2008, Richardson was named the Senators' nominee for the Bill Masterton Memorial Trophy, though the award went to Jason Blake of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
On September 27, 2008, Richardson re-signed with Ottawa to a one-year, two-way contract. During the 2008–09 season and, being used primarily as a reserve defenceman, Richardson announced their retirement as a player on November 27, 2008, having played in just two games that season, with the intention of pursuing a coaching career. They were hired as an assistant coach by the Senators later that season.
Coaching career
Ottawa Senators
Richardson began their coaching career during the 2009–10 season behind the bench of the Ottawa Senators, as an assistant coach to head coach Cory Clouston. During the two years under Clouston, the Senators struggled to establish themselves as playoff contenders, enduring setbacks caused by injuries, changes from the Senators' usual defensive strategy to an unsuccessful offensive play style, and communication issues between Clouston and the Senators roster. Clouston was fired by general manager Bryan Murray in Richardson's second year. Richardson then served under new head coach Paul MacLean during the 2011–12 season in their last year as an assistant coach with the team. During their time behind the Senators' bench, the Senators posted a 117–103–26 record over three seasons, making the Stanley Cup playoffs twice but never progressing past the first round, losing to the Pittsburgh Penguins in six games, and falling one game short to the New York Rangers.
Binghamton Senators
After three seasons as an assistant coach in Ottawa, Richardson joined the Binghamton Senators, Ottawa's American Hockey League (AHL) affiliate at the time, as head coach. During their rookie season as head coach, Richardson led an inexperienced Binghamton team to a 44–24–1–7 record, finishing fourth in the AHL's Eastern Conference. They were named coach of the AHL Eastern Conference all-star team in 2012–13 after guiding the Senators to the conference's best record at the all-star break. The Senators' organization subsequently rewarded Richardson with a contract extension through the 2014–15 season.
Richardson signed another one-year contract for 2015–16. In so doing, they turned down an assistant position with Ottawa, seeking to stay as head coach of Binghamton, with an end to pursuing a future NHL head coaching opportunity. At the end of the season, after the Ottawa Senators had fired head coach Dave Cameron, Richardson opted to leave the Senators' organization to pursue other opportunities. Richardson had asked to be considered for the Ottawa head coach position but was turned down by new general manager Pierre Dorion.
New York Islanders
On May 18, 2017, Richardson was hired by the New York Islanders as an assistant coach.
Montreal Canadiens
On July 7, 2018, Richardson joined the Montreal Canadiens as an assistant coach to Claude Julien. On June 19, 2021, they temporarily served as head coach in game 3 of the Stanley Cup Semifinals against the Vegas Golden Knights when interim head coach Dominique Ducharme entered isolation after testing positive for COVID-19.
Chicago Blackhawks
On June 27, 2022, Richardson was named by the Chicago Blackhawks as their 40th head coach in franchise history.
International
On October 7, 2016, Richardson was named assistant coach for Canada at the Deutschland-Cup. In December 2016, they served as head coach of Canada at the Spengler Cup in Switzerland, leading Canada to its 14th title at the event.
International play
Before they started their NHL career, Richardson played for Team Canada in 1987 and was involved in the infamous Punch-up in Piestany brawl.
Personal life
Richardson and their wife Stephanie raised two daughters, Daron and Morgan. On November 13, 2010, Daron died by suicide at the family home in Ottawa. Five days later, 5,600 mourners attended a celebration of life ceremony for them at Scotiabank Place. The Philadelphia Flyers, one of Richardson's former teams, held a moment of silence before their game against the Senators on November 15. On February 2, 2011, the Richardsons, the Royal Ottawa Foundation for Mental Health, the Sens Foundation and the Ottawa Senators announced the creation of a program to inspire conversations about youth mental health. Known as "Do it for Daron", the hope was to honour their memory while raising money to prevent teenage suicide. Luke and Stephanie were decorated with the Meritorious Service Cross for their efforts in 2018.
During the 2011–12 Canada women's national ice hockey team season, Richardson's daughter Morgan was a member of the Canadian National Under-18 team that participated in a three-game series against the United States in August 2011.
Richardson is the uncle of current Arizona Coyotes defenceman Jakob Chychrun.
Awards
1999–2000: Pelle Lindbergh Memorial Trophy (Philadelphia Flyers)
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
See also
Captain (ice hockey)
List of NHL players with 1000 games played
List of NHL players with 2000 career penalty minutes
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
Canadian ice hockey defencemen
Columbus Blue Jackets players
Edmonton Oilers players
Ice hockey people from Ontario
National Hockey League first round draft picks
Ottawa Senators coaches
Ottawa Senators players
Peterborough Petes (ice hockey) players
Philadelphia Flyers players
Sportspeople from Ottawa
Tampa Bay Lightning players
Toronto Maple Leafs draft picks
Toronto Maple Leafs players
New York Islanders coaches
Montreal Canadiens coaches
Canadian ice hockey coaches
The Art of Star Wars is a series of books by various editors featuring concept art from the Star Wars motion picture saga. The books mainly feature artwork accompanied by a short explanation of the scene and the artist's ideas, but also script notes, posters and other information. The first books were published by Ballantine Books, a subsidiary of Random House, with later editions appearing under the DelRey and LucasBooks imprints. Later titles were published by Harry N. Abrams.
The Art of Star Wars was also the title of an exhibition of Star Wars artwork, props, and costumes mounted by Lucasfilm at the Yerba Buena Center for the Arts in San Francisco in 1995. The exhibition was subsequently expanded to various international venues from 2000–2001, including the Barbican Art Gallery in London and the Helsinki City Art Museum.
Content
Carol Titelman's first volume, originally entitled The Art of Star Wars, was published in 1979 amid a popular trend for behind-the-scenes, "making-of" media products (such as The Making of Star Wars documentary). The book presents a range of pre-production concept art, storyboards, and publicity shots alongside Lucas's screenplay. It has been noted as a rich record of the previsualization behind the 1977 movie that gives the reader an insight into the "possibilities that might have been" in the final production design, and that challenges the "authorial singularity and originality" that normally surrounds the works of a Hollywood auteur. The first volume has been called the definitive work on the development of the cinematographic art of Star Wars, a body of creative works that heavily influenced later films.
The first book presents some of the earliest concept sketches of a number of now-familiar characters of the Star Wars universe, including early impressions of the helmet of Darth Vader, the droids C-3PO and R2-D2, Imperial stormtroopers, and the alien clientele of the Mos Eisley Cantina on the planet Tatooine. The concept sketches and matte paintings of Ralph McQuarrie feature heavily, alongside sketches by Joe Johnston, set design drawings by John Barry, costume design sketches by John Mollo, storyboards by Alex Tavoularis and photographs by Bob Seidemann and John Jay. McQuarrie's work was considered highly influential in the production of the first three-Star Wars movies; Journalist Jonathan Jones wrote of McQuarrie: "Looking at their [McQuarrie's] paintings, you can recognise that the appeal of this art is similar to that of 19th century Orientalist paintings of harems and sandy vistas." Section one of the book, accompanied by illustrations, features "the script" and is introduced by the title page text: "Star Wars↵ Episode↵ IV↵ A New Hope↵ from the↵ Journal of the Whills↵ by↵ George Lucas↵ Revised Fourth Draft↵ January 15, 1976↵ Lucasfilm Ltd." Later book sections, from pages 138 to 175, feature the artwork of film posters by Tom Jung, Dan Goozee, Drew Struzan, John Berkey, Tom Chantrell, the Hildebrandt Brothers, Howard Chaykin, Wojtek Siudmak and Ralph McQuarrie; and the art of spin-off products such as the Marvel Comics series, Star Wars-themed cartoons such as Berry's World and Stan Mack's Real Life Funnies; and fan art.
Two volumes were subsequently published to accompany the sequel films; The Art of the Empire Strikes Back, edited by Deborah Call, was published in 1980; and The Art of Return of the Jedi was published in 1983.
In 2000, the Star Wars prequel trilogy began with the release of Star Wars: Episode I – The Phantom Menace, and corresponding books in The Art of Star Wars series were published. As in previous volumes, these books contain paintings, sketches, mock-ups, models and photos of scenes, buildings, costumes, characters, spacecraft and creatures, along with digitally mastered pictures. The books chart the progress of production from original gouache drawings to the three-dimensional models of spaceships. McQuarrie had retired by this stage, and the production artwork of Doug Chiang features heavily in these books. Extracts from the Episode I book were published in a 48-page booklet accompanying a US "collectors' edition" videotape of The Phantom Menace in 2000.
The Art of Star Wars, Episode III - Revenge of the Sith, published in 2005, features a foreword by director George Lucas, and presents the early concept art for significant scenes in Episode III, in particular the final lightsaber duel of Obi-Wan Kenobi and Anakin Skywalker on the hellish lava planet of Mustafar, and the medical chamber where Darth Vader is dressed in their trademark armour.
Following the acquisition of Lucasfilm by The Walt Disney Company in 2012, a sequel trilogy went into production. The Art of Star Wars: The Force Awakens, published in 2015, features the work of concept artists Iain McCaig and Craig Alzmann, production designer Rick Carter and Doug Chiang. The book contains early concept art tracing the early development of the character of Kylo Ren, and also reveals preliminary sketches that illustrate a proposed appearance of Anakin Skywalker as a malevolent "Force ghost".
Reprints
Following the theatrical release of The Empire Strikes Back in 1980, and the re-release of the original Star Wars film in 1981, the film series adopted an episodic naming convention in the opening crawl. From 1994, reprinted editions of the first three books also adopted episode titles — The Art of Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope, and so on. Revised editions of the first three books were published in 1997, with changes and new material added to reflect the additional special effects used in the Special Edition theatrical releases.
The books
See also
List of Star Wars artists
References
External links
Books about Star Wars
Books about visual art
Ballantine Books books
Del Rey books
Abrams Books books
1979 books
American non-fiction books
"Como Duele" (English: How Much It Hurts) is a latin pop song by Guatemalan recording artist Ricardo Arjona, released on 4 November 2008 as the lead single from their eleventh studio album, 5to Piso (2008). The song was written and produced by Arjona along with longtime collaborators Dan Warner and Lee Levin under their stage name Los Gringos, with additional production work and background vocals from Puerto Rican singer-songwriter Tommy Torres. "Como Duele" is the first single Arjona releases after signing a record deal with Warner Music in 2008, after being signed to Sony Music since 1993.
Lyrically, "Como Duele" was intended to show "the monotony that attacks the couples that have many years together, the lack of passion and regretted love that seems to pose over them." The song became an commercial success for Arjona, becoming their first top ten single in the US Billboard Top Lating Songs since 2005 and, with a peak of No.2, their highest entry on that list since "El Problema" in 2002. It also became their sixth song to top the Latin Pop Songs chart, as well as reaching the top in Mexico and Venezuela. "Como Duele" was critically praised by media outlets, receiving comparisons to Arjona's previous song "Olvidarte", and being considered as their "biggest hit in years".
An accompanying music video for "Como Duele" was released in September 2008. It was directed by Ricardo Calderón and filmed in Mexico City. In the clip, focused on a department which rooms are being moved, Arjona is shown inside a room that goes empty, and everything that gave life to the place is going away until the department is finally demolished. "Como Duele" was included in the set list of Arjona's Quinto Piso Tour (2009) and Metamorfosis World Tour (2012).
Background
After spending the majority of their career signed to Sony, and later, Sony BMG, Arjona signed a long-term recording deal with Warner Music Latina. The deal was closed in September 2008. Iñigo Zabala, chairperson of Warner Music Latin America commented that "He's an artist that fits perfectly with our company," and that "We are a label that has a major catalog of songwriters and quality pop and rock from the likes of Maná, Alejandro Sanz, Laura Pausini, and now, Arjona." In an interview, the singer commented that while composing 5to Piso they "tried to recoup some of the freshness" of their past releases, stating that "it makes so good to the songs". They further stated that they believe "all albums are result of an evolution, and contradictions either", also stating that they celebrated contradictions as part of life. Arjona begun working on the album as early as 2005. Talking about the process of recording the album, they stated that "We must work to make the albums comfortable to us", further commenting that "The rest is a matter of how good or bad the albums defend themselves."
Composition
"Como Duele" is a latin pop ballad about "the monotony that attacks the couples that have many years together, the lack of passion and regretted love that seems to pose over them." Jason Birchmeier from Allmusic called the song "phenomenal", and considered it as to be "his biggest hits in years". They also named it, alongside "Sin Ti.. Sin Mi" and "El Del Espejo", to be a standout track from the album. An editor from El Mercurio Online commented that "Como Duele" is "a ballad of merciless chords and lyrics plagued of contradictions made metaphors." They also stated that "Is the logic of [past Arjona's single] 'Olvidarte', that song in which the guatemalan talked about making something as difficult as 'pulling the hair out of a bottle'," and compared it to their past song "Olvidarte", from Sin Daños a Terceros.
Chart performance
"Como Duele" became a commercial success for Arjona. In the United States, the song reached number two and became Arjona's first top ten single in the Billboard Top Latin Songs since "Acompañame A Estar Solo", which reached number seven in 2005, and their highest-charting single there since "El Problema", which reached number one back in 2002. "Como Duele" became Arjona's sixth song to reach number one on the Billboard Latin Pop Songs chart after debuting at number eight, and is the first to do so since "Acompañame A Estar Solo". Additionally, the song appeared on the Latin Regional Mexican Airplay chart at number 33, and at number 69 on the Radio Songs chart, being the only song ever by the artist to chart on the latter. "Como Duele" became a hit in Latin America, reaching number one position in Mexico and Venezuela. On the Billboard year-end charts for 2009, "Como Duele" finished at number 40 on the Top Latin Songs chart, and at number 14 on the Latin Pop Songs chart.
Music video
The music video for "Como Duele" was shot in Mexico City in September 2008, in a forum and some other places in the city. It was released on 20 October and was directed by the Mexican filmmaker Ricardo Calderón, who later in 2012 joined Arjona on their own record label, Metamorfosis. The story takes place in a department which rooms are being moved, and in where Arjona lived with their couple. As the video progresses, the room goes empty, and everything that gave life to the place is going away until the department if finally demolished.
Credits and personnel
The credits are taken from the iTunes exclusive digital booklet.
Personnel
Arrangements – Chris McDonald, Dan Warner, Lee Levin, Tommy Torres
Backing Vocals – Tommy Torres
Bass, Guitar – Dan Warner
Cello – Anthony LaMarchina, Carole Rabinowitz
Drums, Percussion – Lee Levin
Recording engineer (Assistant) – Matt Helman
Keyboards – Peter Wallace
Mixing engineer(s) – David Thoener
Piano – Matt Rollings
Producer – Dan Warner, Lee Levin, Tommy Torres
Recording engineer(s) – Andres Saavedra, Bernard Levin, Dan Warner, Isaías García, Lee Levin, Randy Poole, Tommy Torres
Viola – Kristin Wilkinson, Monisa Angell
Violin – Alan Umstead, Carolyn Bailey, Cathy Umstead, Conni Ellisor, David Angell, Mary Katheryn VanOsdale, Pamela Sixfin
Violin, Concertmaster – Carl Gorodetzky
Track listing
Digital Download
"Como Duele" – 3:30
Bachata Version
"Como Duele" – 3:20
Charts
Weekly charts
Yearly charts
Release history
References
2000s ballads
2008 songs
2008 singles
Ricardo Arjona songs
Record Report Top Latino number-one singles
Songs written by Ricardo Arjona
Pop ballads
Bachata songs
Spanish-language albums
Warner Music Latina singles
Savu is an island in East Nusa Tenggara province, Indonesia.
Savu may also refer to:
Savu people, ethnic group living on Savu and the neighbouring island of Raijua
Savu language, language spoken by the Savu people, one of the Bima-Sumba languages
Savu Sea, Indonesian sea named for Savu island
Savu, a tributary of the river Olteț in Romania
Savu River (Fiji)
People with the given name or family name Savu include:
Ilie Savu, Romanian football player
Mihai Savu, Romanian Olympic fencer
Alin Mircea Savu, Romanian football player
Savu Viliame, Fijian cricketer
Romanian-language surnames
The Calling is an outdoor sculpture by Paddy McCann located in Belfast, Northern Ireland. Located at the junction of Gordon Street and Dunbar Junction, it consists of a bright red stylised male human figure calling into the distance while standing on an ordinary chair atop an extended (and angled) piston-like arm. A similarly mounted blue female figure, opposite the first, calls back across the square. It was installed in 2003.
References
Outdoor sculptures in Northern Ireland
2003 sculptures
Fiberglass sculptures in the United Kingdom
Lloyd St. Amand (born November 10, 1952 in Sarnia, Ontario) is a Canadian politician and a former Member of Parliament for the riding of Brant.  They are a member of the Liberal Party of Canada.
Born in Sarnia, Ontario, they received their Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Western Ontario and their law degree in 1977 from the University of Windsor.
Since 1979, St. Amand has been a resident of Brantford, Brant's most populous urban centre, where they have practiced family and criminal law. They have volunteered within the community with several organizations, including St. Joseph's Hospital, Brant Waterways Foundation, Big Brothers, Nova Vita Women's Services, and Brant United Way.
St. Amand is a past president of the Brant Federal Liberal Association and was an active supporter of Jane Stewart's successful election campaigns in 1993, 1997, and 2000. After Stewart announced they would not run for re-election in the 2004 federal election, St. Amand ran to become the Liberal candidate for their riding and succeeded. They subsequently won the riding in the 2004 election.
They chaired the House Standing Committee on Aboriginal Affairs and Northern Development from Oct. 4, 2004 - Nov. 29, 2005. They were Assistant/Associate Critic for the Environment Feb. 23, 2006 - Jan. 17, 2007.
Electoral record
References
External links
1952 births
Franco-Ontarian people
Liberal Party of Canada MPs
Living people
Members of the House of Commons of Canada from Ontario
People from Brantford
People from Sarnia
University of Western Ontario alumni
University of Windsor alumni
21st-century Canadian politicians
The Braille pattern dots-345 ( ) is a 6-dot braille cell with the top and middle right and bottom left dots raised, or an 8-dot braille cell with the top and upper-middle right, and lower-middle left dots raised. It is represented by the Unicode code point U+281c, and in Braille ASCII with the greater than sign: >.
Unified Braille
In unified international braille, the braille pattern dots-345 is used to represent an unrounded open or near-open front vowel, such as /æ/ or /a/ when multiple letters correspond to these values, and is otherwise assigned as needed.
Table of unified braille values
Other braille
Plus dots 7 and 8
Related to Braille pattern dots-345 are Braille patterns 3457, 3458, and 34578, which are used in 8-dot braille systems, such as Gardner-Salinas and Luxembourgish Braille.
Related 8-dot kantenji patterns
In the Japanese kantenji braille, the standard 8-dot Braille patterns 567, 1567, 4567, and 14567 are the patterns related to Braille pattern dots-345, since the two additional dots of kantenji patterns 0345, 3457, and 03457 are placed above the base 6-dot cell, instead of below, as in standard 8-dot braille.
Kantenji using braille patterns 567, 1567, 4567, or 14567
This listing includes kantenji using Braille pattern dots-345 for all 6349 kanji found in JIS C 6226-1978.
- 店
Variants and thematic compounds
- selector 1 + よ/广 = 矛
- selector 4 + よ/广 = 予
- selector 4 + selector 4 + よ/广 = 豫
- selector 6 + よ/广 = 疋
- よ/广 + selector 1 = 原
- よ/广 + selector 1 + selector 1 = 厂
- よ/广 + selector 3 = 广
- 数 + よ/广 = 丗
Compounds of 店 and 广
- よ/广 + し/巿 = 府
- な/亻 + よ/广 = 俯
- よ/广 + ⺼ = 腐
- き/木 + よ/广 + し/巿 = 椨
- よ/广 + よ/广 = 序
- よ/广 + も/門 = 唐
- つ/土 + よ/广 + も/門 = 塘
- に/氵 + よ/广 + も/門 = 溏
- ゐ/幺 + よ/广 = 纏
- ゐ/幺 + ゐ/幺 + よ/广 = 纒
- ⺼ + よ/广 = 膺
- よ/广 + せ/食 = 席
- く/艹 + よ/广 + せ/食 = 蓆
- よ/广 + ろ/十 = 庁
- よ/广 + こ/子 = 広
- い/糹/#2 + よ/广 + こ/子 = 絋
- よ/广 + よ/广 + こ/子 = 廣
- つ/土 + よ/广 + こ/子 = 壙
- 日 + よ/广 + こ/子 = 曠
- ま/石 + よ/广 + こ/子 = 礦
- よ/广 + 比 = 庇
- よ/广 + き/木 = 床
- よ/广 + き/木 + め/目 = 廂
- よ/广 + よ/广 = 序
- よ/广 + ん/止 = 底
- よ/广 + ゑ/訁 = 度
- か/金 + よ/广 + ゑ/訁 = 鍍
- よ/广 + な/亻 = 座
- く/艹 + よ/广 + な/亻 = 蓙
- よ/广 + む/車 = 庫
- よ/广 + へ/⺩ = 庭
- よ/广 + る/忄 = 庵
- よ/广 + と/戸 = 庶
- ひ/辶 + よ/广 = 遮
- 心 + よ/广 + と/戸 = 蔗
- み/耳 + よ/广 + と/戸 = 蹠
- よ/广 + ゆ/彳 = 康
- る/忄 + よ/广 + ゆ/彳 = 慷
- の/禾 + よ/广 + ゆ/彳 = 糠
- せ/食 + よ/广 + ゆ/彳 = 鱇
- よ/广 + 囗 = 庸
- な/亻 + よ/广 + 囗 = 傭
- る/忄 + よ/广 + 囗 = 慵
- よ/广 + す/発 = 廃
- よ/广 + よ/广 + す/発 = 廢
- よ/广 + け/犬 = 廉
- に/氵 + よ/广 + け/犬 = 濂
- ち/竹 + よ/广 + け/犬 = 簾
- よ/广 + や/疒 = 廊
- よ/广 + 心 = 応
- よ/广 + よ/广 + 心 = 應
- み/耳 + よ/广 + 心 = 軈
- よ/广 + て/扌 = 摩
- よ/广 + ま/石 = 磨
- よ/广 + に/氵 = 魔
- selector 1 + よ/广 + ろ/十 = 廰
- よ/广 + よ/广 + ろ/十 = 廳
- よ/广 + も/門 + selector 2 = 庖
- よ/广 + 宿 + そ/馬 = 庠
- よ/广 + 宿 + ぬ/力 = 廁
- よ/广 + 宿 + す/発 = 廈
- よ/广 + 宿 + の/禾 = 廏
- よ/广 + や/疒 + 仁/亻 = 廐
- よ/广 + さ/阝 + こ/子 = 廓
- よ/广 + む/車 + selector 2 = 廖
- よ/广 + 宿 + と/戸 = 廚
- よ/广 + し/巿 + く/艹 = 廛
- よ/广 + 龸 + き/木 = 廝
- よ/广 + ろ/十 + ⺼ = 廟
- よ/广 + selector 6 + は/辶 = 廠
- よ/广 + む/車 + 火 = 廡
- よ/广 + 囗 + そ/馬 = 廨
- よ/广 + 囗 + れ/口 = 廩
- よ/广 + 宿 + た/⽥ = 廬
- よ/广 + 囗 + ひ/辶 = 廱
- よ/广 + よ/广 + ろ/十 = 廳
- 日 + 宿 + よ/广 = 昿
- よ/广 + 宿 + せ/食 = 鷹
Compounds of 矛
- き/木 + よ/广 = 柔
- て/扌 + き/木 + よ/广 = 揉
- の/禾 + き/木 + よ/广 = 糅
- み/耳 + き/木 + よ/广 = 蹂
- と/戸 + き/木 + よ/广 = 鞣
- 心 + よ/广 = 茅
- ち/竹 + よ/广 = 霧
- よ/广 + ぬ/力 = 務
- 心 + selector 1 + よ/广 = 楙
- る/忄 + selector 1 + よ/广 = 懋
- ね/示 + selector 1 + よ/广 = 袤
- え/訁 + selector 1 + よ/广 = 譎
- 心 + 宿 + よ/广 = 橘
- よ/广 + う/宀/#3 + せ/食 = 鶩
- よ/广 + せ/食 + selector 1 = 鷸
Compounds of 予 and 豫
- り/分 + よ/广 = 野
- つ/土 + り/分 + よ/广 = 墅
- お/頁 + よ/广 = 預
- 心 + お/頁 + よ/广 = 蕷
- て/扌 + selector 4 + よ/广 = 抒
- き/木 + selector 4 + よ/广 = 杼
- り/分 + selector 4 + よ/广 = 舒
Compounds of 疋
- 日 + よ/广 = 是
- て/扌 + よ/广 = 提
- つ/土 + よ/广 = 堤
- う/宀/#3 + 日 + よ/广 = 寔
- せ/食 + 日 + よ/广 = 醍
- ふ/女 + よ/广 = 婿
- う/宀/#3 + よ/广 = 定
- か/金 + よ/广 = 錠
- て/扌 + う/宀/#3 + よ/广 = 掟
- に/氵 + う/宀/#3 + よ/广 = 淀
- ま/石 + う/宀/#3 + よ/广 = 碇
- い/糹/#2 + う/宀/#3 + よ/广 = 綻
- み/耳 + う/宀/#3 + よ/广 = 聢
- え/訁 + う/宀/#3 + よ/广 = 諚
- ゆ/彳 + よ/广 = 従
- ゆ/彳 + ゆ/彳 + よ/广 = 從
- い/糹/#2 + よ/广 = 縦
- い/糹/#2 + い/糹/#2 + よ/广 = 縱
- る/忄 + ゆ/彳 + よ/广 = 慫
- 心 + ゆ/彳 + よ/广 = 樅
- み/耳 + ゆ/彳 + よ/广 = 蹤
- ほ/方 + よ/广 = 旋
- や/疒 + よ/广 = 疑
- や/疒 + や/疒 + よ/广 = 嶷
- ま/石 + や/疒 + よ/广 = 礙
- よ/广 + 数 = 疎
- よ/广 + く/艹 = 疏
- 心 + よ/广 + く/艹 = 蔬
- よ/广 + た/⽥ = 蛋
- ふ/女 + ふ/女 + よ/广 = 壻
Compounds of 原 and 厂
- る/忄 + よ/广 + selector 1 = 愿
- 氷/氵 + よ/广 = 源
- よ/广 + お/頁 = 願
- 仁/亻 + よ/广 = 仄
- 日 + 仁/亻 + よ/广 = 昃
- よ/广 + さ/阝 = 厄
- て/扌 + よ/广 + さ/阝 = 扼
- む/車 + よ/广 + さ/阝 = 軛
- さ/阝 + よ/广 + さ/阝 = 阨
- よ/广 + 火 = 灰
- る/忄 + よ/广 + 火 = 恢
- え/訁 + よ/广 + 火 = 詼
- よ/广 + り/分 = 厘
- か/金 + よ/广 + り/分 = 甅
- ま/石 + よ/广 + り/分 = 竰
- き/木 + よ/广 + り/分 = 釐
- よ/广 + 日 = 厚
- よ/广 + ら/月 = 厭
- よ/广 + つ/土 = 圧
- よ/广 + よ/广 + つ/土 = 壓
- よ/广 + め/目 = 盾
- き/木 + よ/广 + め/目 = 楯
- よ/广 + を/貝 = 贋
- よ/广 + れ/口 = 后
- え/訁 + よ/广 + れ/口 = 詬
- ひ/辶 + よ/广 + れ/口 = 逅
- よ/广 + う/宀/#3 = 彦
- な/亻 + よ/广 + う/宀/#3 = 偐
- よ/广 + い/糹/#2 = 産
- さ/阝 + よ/广 = 薩
- よ/广 + 宿 + さ/阝 = 卮
- よ/广 + 宿 + う/宀/#3 = 厖
- よ/广 + を/貝 + ぬ/力 = 厠
- よ/广 + ん/止 + selector 1 = 厥
- よ/广 + お/頁 + す/発 = 厦
- よ/广 + selector 5 + と/戸 = 厨
- よ/广 + 宿 + 仁/亻 = 厩
- よ/广 + 宿 + き/木 = 厮
- よ/广 + 宿 + 氷/氵 = 厰
- つ/土 + 宿 + よ/广 = 壥
- よ/广 + 宿 + ひ/辶 = 巵
- よ/广 + よ/广 + き/木 = 牀
- や/疒 + 宿 + よ/广 = 癡
- よ/广 + り/分 + selector 1 = 矜
- ⺼ + 宿 + よ/广 = 胥
- む/車 + 宿 + よ/广 = 蠣
- み/耳 + 宿 + よ/广 = 躔
- み/耳 + 龸 + よ/广 = 軅
- よ/广 + め/目 + selector 4 = 靨
- よ/广 + お/頁 + に/氵 = 魘
- よ/广 + 龸 + せ/食 = 鴈
Compounds of 丗
- 龸 + よ/广 = 棄
- 龸 + 龸 + よ/广 = 弃
- ろ/十 + よ/广 = 世
- れ/口 + よ/广 = 喋
- く/艹 + よ/广 = 葉
- む/車 + よ/广 = 蝶
- え/訁 + よ/广 = 諜
- を/貝 + よ/广 = 貰
- に/氵 + ろ/十 + よ/广 = 泄
- 心 + ろ/十 + よ/广 = 笹
- い/糹/#2 + ろ/十 + よ/广 = 紲
- き/木 + 宿 + よ/广 = 楪
- に/氵 + 宿 + よ/广 = 渫
- へ/⺩ + 宿 + よ/广 = 牒
- い/糹/#2 + 宿 + よ/广 = 緤
- せ/食 + 宿 + よ/广 = 鰈
- し/巿 + よ/广 = 帯
- に/氵 + よ/广 = 滞
- に/氵 + に/氵 + よ/广 = 滯
- し/巿 + し/巿 + よ/广 = 帶
- く/艹 + し/巿 + よ/广 = 蔕
- 数 + 数 + よ/广 = 卅
Other compounds
- ま/石 + よ/广 = 碍
- ね/示 + よ/广 = 祥
- よ/广 + 氷/氵 = 厳
- よ/广 + よ/广 + 氷/氵 = 嚴
- な/亻 + よ/广 + 氷/氵 = 儼
- よ/广 + 仁/亻 = 坐
- て/扌 + よ/广 + 仁/亻 = 挫
- き/木 + よ/广 + ん/止 = 柢
- よ/广 + よ/广 + き/木 = 牀
Notes
Braille patterns
Brian Ferrares (born 1 March 2000) is a Uruguayan footballer who plays as centre back for Celta B, on loan from Cerro Largo.
Club career
On 7 October 2020, Ferrares joined Celta B on loan.
Career statistics
Club
References
2000 births
Living people
Footballers from Montevideo
Uruguayan footballers
Uruguay youth international footballers
Danubio F.C. players
Cerro Largo F.C. players
Uruguayan Primera División players
Segunda División B players
Celta de Vigo B players
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Uruguayan expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Association football defenders
Emmanuel Clérico (born December 30, 1969) is a French racing driver. They started their single-seaters career French Formula Three Championship whose best finish of second in their debut season. They raced in International Formula 3000 from 1994-1995. In 1994, they tested a Larrousse F1 Car.
They also raced in the 24 Hours of Le Mans in 1997 and in 1999-2002.
Complete International Formula 3000 results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
References
1969 births
Living people
French racing drivers
International Formula 3000 drivers
French Formula Three Championship drivers
24 Hours of Le Mans drivers
24 Hours of Spa drivers
Pescarolo Sport drivers
RSM Marko drivers
La Filière drivers
OAK Racing drivers
Andrew Shearer Gehling (born October 16, 1982) is an American stage and screen actor, best known for their role as Dr. Pomatter in the Broadway musical Waitress, Garry Marshall's Billy & Ray, and as the voice of Gord in the 2006 video game Bully from Rockstar Games.
Biography
Gehling grew up in Sedgefield, North Carolina, performing as a child in several shows with the Greensboro Children's Theatre and Livestock Players Youth Theatre. They attended Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh.
After graduating from Carnegie Mellon, Gehling booked “Snow White - An Enchanting Musical” at the Disneyland Resort.
Gehling made their Broadway debut as Bob Gaudio in Jersey Boys and went on to play Warren Smith in the Broadway revival of On a Clear Day You Can See Forever. They have performed Off-Broadway in A Minister's Wife and Anne of Green Gables. In 2016, they originated the role of Jim Pomatter in the musical Waitress on Broadway, where they remained until April 2, 2017. They returned to star alongside Betsy Wolfe on June 27, 2017. In May - June 2017, they starred as Joe Bradley in Roman Holiday at the Golden Gate Theatre in San Francisco.
They began starring in a new musical Dave at Arena Stage in Washington, D.C., on July 13, 2018, in the dual roles of Dave Kovic and President Bill Mitchell. The musical has music by Tom Kitt, lyrics by Nell Benjamin, and the book by Benjamin and Thomas Meehan.
Personal life
Gehling was previously married to fellow performer and Carnegie Mellon graduate Sara Jean Ford in 2009. They have one daughter together named Anne Kelly Gehling.
Filmography
Filmo
Television
Video games
References
External links
Broadway profile
1982 births
Living people
American male stage actors
American male television actors
American male video game actors
Male actors from North Carolina
Carnegie Mellon University alumni
Columbia University alumni
The Lord's Garden is a band formed by Peter Hemsley from Sydney and Craig Sunderland in England Both were members of Solstice. Their double album Journeys was nominated for the 1997 ARIA Award for Best Dance Release.
Band members
Peter Hemsley
Craig Sunderland
Discography
Studio albums
Awards
ARIA Music Awards
The ARIA Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony that recognises excellence, innovation, and achievement across all genres of Australian music. They commenced in 1987. The Lord's Garden were nominated for one award.
|-
| 1997
| Journey
| ARIA Award for Best Dance Release
|
|-
References
Australian dance music groups
Syncystis is a genus of parasitic alveolates in the phylum Apicomplexa.
Species in this family infect insects (Aeshnidae).
History
This genus was described by Schneider in 1886.
Taxonomy
Two species are currently recognised in this family.
The type species is Syncystis mirabilis Schneider 1886.
Lifecycle
The development of these parasites is mostly intracellular. Merogony results in the formation of about 150 elongate, slender merozoites which become spheroidal as they differentiate into amoeboid or spheroidal gamonts.
The gamonts associate in syzygy and subdivide into gametes.
Fusion of the gametes leads to numerous zygotes within the gametocyst which is either spherical or bilobed.
Numerous (30 to 150) oocysts are formed per gametocyst. The oocysts are navicular and have three or four spines extending from each pole of the wall.
Eight sporozoites form per oocyst.
References
Conoidasida
Apicomplexa genera
The discography of Every Little Thing, a J-pop duo (former trio) formed in 1996 by Mitsuru Igarashi (synthesizer, music producer), Kaori Mochida (vocals, songwriting) and Ichiro Ito (guitar, songwriting), consists of eleven studio albums, six compilation albums, five remix albums, and numerous singles and videos, many of which were commercially successful. The band debuted with their single "Feel My Heart" on August 7, 1996, which peaked at number twenty-four on the Japanese Oricon charts. Their first number one single was "For The Moment", released on June 4, 1997. Their most successful year was 1998, in which they released their 8th single "Time Goes By" which topped the charts and sold more than a million copies. Their second studio album Time to Destination released that year sold more than 3.5 million copies in Japan, their best-selling album to date. Number one singles of the band include "Forever Yours" (1998), "Fragile" (2001), Untitled 4 Ballads (2002) and "Koibumi" (2004).
Since their debut, Mitsuru Igarashi wrote, composed, arranged and produced almost all of their music, but in 2000 they decided to leave the group. Since then, Mochida and Ito started to take more control in their music making process as a band. However, in 2009-2000, Igarashi and Every Little Thing met again and worked together in their album Change.
Albums
Studio albums
Compilation albums
Remix albums
Extended plays
Singles
Other appearances
Vinyl sets
The Remixes Analog Box Set (December 19, 1997)
The Remixes II Analog Set (June 16, 1999)
Video albums
DVD-Audio
Every Best Single +3 (January 28, 2004)
(December 15, 2004)
External links
Official website
References
Discographies of Japanese artists
Events in the year 2013 in Angola. The country had a population of 19,183,590.
Incumbents
President: José Eduardo dos Santos
Vice President: Manuel Vicente
President of the National Assembly: Fernando da Piedade Dias dos Santos
Sports
19 July to 4 August - The country competed at the 2013 World Aquatics Championships
10–18 August - The country competed at the 2013 World Championships in Athletics
20–28 September - The country hosted the 2013 FIRS Men's Roller Hockey World Cup, in Luanda and Namibe (now Moçâmedes)
15 November - Start of the 2013–14 BAI Basket season
16–23 November - Inaugural edition of the Angola Second Division Basketball Championship, won by Sporting Clube de Benguela
References
2010s in Angola
Years of the 21st century in Angola
Gulliver's Land is a children's theme park in Milton Keynes, England. It opened in 1999 and is the third park to be opened by Gulliver's. (The other two parks are Gulliver's World and Gulliver's Kingdom). The park has been designed especially for families. The Adventurers Village is now part of the resort, providing themed accommodation and short break packages. Gulliver's Land resort includes Splash Zone, Blast Arena, The SFEAR and Dinosaur and Farm Park.
Gulliver's Land features a number of classic theme park rides, attractions and shows for children aged 2 to 13. A JCB Zone was introduced in 2017, launched in partnership with JCB. The themed area gives children the opportunity to experience JCB themed rides and attractions.
Gulliver's Land is typically open from February until December.
Gulliver's Land Resort
The theme park has expanded over the years and now includes a selection of accommodation at the nearby Adventurers Village Resort. Accommodation types include cabins, lodges, dens and glamping tents. Accessible accommodation is now available, with the resort offering accessible lodges and tents. Short break packages include entry to the main theme park, splash zone and dinosaur and farm park.
Adventurers Village accommodation types
Lost World Cabins
Dino Dens
Safari Glamping Tents
Wild West Lodges
Beach Dens
Deluxe Dino Dens
JCB Dens (From 2017)
Dinosaur and Farm Park
Dinosaur and Farm Park is located next to the main theme park. This is a standalone attraction and notable for its collection of animatronic dinosaurs of various sizes. Voted one of the best dinosaur attractions in the UK, Dinosaur and Farm Park is split into two sections. The Farm Park area has farmyard animals alongside interactive farmyard attractions.
Blast Arena
Blast Arena at Gulliver's Land is one of three official Blast Arenas operated by Gulliver's. The other two are located at Warrington, Cheshire and Matlock Bath, Derbyshire. Blast Arena goggles, vest and blaster are provided to each participant. Blast Arena is suitable for children aged 6 and over. The attraction is completely indoors, with the option of a birthday party package.
The Blast Arena centre is located within Dinosaur and Farm Park, close to Splash Zone and The SFEAR.
Splash Zone
One of the first standalone attractions at Gulliver's Land, Splash Zone is a water playground situated indoors. There is no standing water; the splash area consists of water play elements such as cannons, sprays and a giant tipping bucket.
Additional watersides
In Summer 2017 the Splash Zone attraction launched 3 new waterslides. Targeted towards older children, the slides have a height restriction of .
Theme Park Rides
*On rides with no minimum height restriction, children must be able to sit in an upright position unaided.
Incidents
See also
Gulliver's World
Gulliver's Kingdom
References
External links
Official Website
Interview with the Gulliver's Managing Director
Amusement parks in England
Milton Keynes
1999 establishments in England
Amusement parks opened in 1999
Young's modulus , the Young modulus, or the modulus of elasticity in tension or compression (i.e., negative tension), is a mechanical property that measures the tensile or compressive stiffness of a solid material when the force is applied lengthwise. It quantifies the relationship between tensile/compressive stress (force per unit area) and axial strain (proportional deformation) in the linear elastic region of a material and is determined using the formula:
Young's moduli are typically so large that they are expressed not in pascals but in gigapascals (GPa).
Example:
Silly Putty (increasing pressure: length increases quickly, meaning tiny )
Aluminum (increasing pressure: length increases slowly, meaning high )
Higher Young's modulus corresponds to greater (lengthwise) stiffness.
Although Young's modulus is named after the 19th-century British scientist Thomas Young, the concept was developed in 1727 by Leonhard Euler. The first experiments that used the concept of Young's modulus in its current form were performed by the Italian scientist Giordano Riccati in 1782, pre-dating Young's work by 25 years. The term modulus is derived from the Latin root term modus which means measure.
Definition
Linear elasticity
A solid material will undergo elastic deformation when a small load is applied to it in compression or extension. Elastic deformation is reversible, meaning that the material returns to its original shape after the load is removed.
At near-zero stress and strain, the stress–strain curve is linear, and the relationship between stress and strain is described by Hooke's law that states stress is proportional to strain. The coefficient of proportionality is Young's modulus. The higher the modulus, the more stress is needed to create the same amount of strain; an idealized rigid body would have an infinite Young's modulus. Conversely, a very soft material (such as a fluid) would deform without force, and would have zero Young's modulus.
Not many materials are linear and elastic beyond a small amount of deformation.
Note
Material stiffness should not be confused with these properties:
Strength: maximum amount of stress that material can withstand while staying in the elastic (reversible) deformation regime;
Geometric stiffness: a global characteristic of the body that depends on its shape, and not only on the local properties of the material; for instance, an I-beam has a higher bending stiffness than a rod of the same material for a given mass per length;
Hardness: relative resistance of the material's surface to penetration by a harder body;
Toughness: amount of energy that a material can absorb before fracture.
Usage
Young's modulus enables the calculation of the change in the dimension of a bar made of an isotropic elastic material under tensile or compressive loads. For instance, it predicts how much a material sample extends under tension or shortens under compression. The Young's modulus directly applies to cases of uniaxial stress; that is, tensile or compressive stress in one direction and no stress in the other directions. Young's modulus is also used in order to predict the deflection that will occur in a statically determinate beam when a load is applied at a point in between the beam's supports.
Other elastic calculations usually require the use of one additional elastic property, such as the shear modulus , bulk modulus , and Poisson's ratio . Any two of these parameters are sufficient to fully describe elasticity in an isotropic material. For homogeneous isotropic materials simple relations exist between elastic constants that allow calculating them all as long as two are known:
Linear versus non-linear
Young's modulus represents the factor of proportionality in Hooke's law, which relates the stress and the strain. However, Hooke's law is only valid under the assumption of an elastic and linear response. Any real material will eventually fail and break when stretched over a very large distance or with a very large force; however, all solid materials exhibit nearly Hookean behavior for small enough strains or stresses. If the range over which Hooke's law is valid is large enough compared to the typical stress that one expects to apply to the material, the material is said to be linear. Otherwise, (if the typical stress one would apply is outside the linear range) the material is said to be non-linear.
Steel, carbon fiber and glass among others are usually considered linear materials, while other materials such as rubber and soils are non-linear. However, this is not an absolute classification: if very small stresses or strains are applied to a non-linear material, the response will be linear, but if very high stress or strain is applied to a linear material, the linear theory will not be enough. For example, as the linear theory implies reversibility, it would be absurd to use the linear theory to describe the failure of a steel bridge under a high load; although steel is a linear material for most applications, it is not in such a case of catastrophic failure.
In solid mechanics, the slope of the stress–strain curve at any point is called the tangent modulus. It can be experimentally determined from the slope of a stress–strain curve created during tensile tests conducted on a sample of the material.
Directional materials
Young's modulus is not always the same in all orientations of a material. Most metals and ceramics, along with many other materials, are isotropic, and their mechanical properties are the same in all orientations. However, metals and ceramics can be treated with certain impurities, and metals can be mechanically worked to make their grain structures directional. These materials then become anisotropic, and Young's modulus will change depending on the direction of the force vector. Anisotropy can be seen in many composites as well. For example, carbon fiber has a much higher Young's modulus (is much stiffer) when force is loaded parallel to the fibers (along the grain). Other such materials include wood and reinforced concrete. Engineers can use this directional phenomenon to their advantage in creating structures.
Temperature dependence
The Young's modulus of metals varies with the temperature and can be realized through the change in the interatomic bonding of the atoms, and hence its change is found to be dependent on the change in the work function of the metal. Although classically, this change is predicted through fitting and without a clear underlying mechanism (for example, the Watchman's formula), the Rahemi-Li model demonstrates how the change in the electron work function leads to change in the Young's modulus of metals and predicts this variation with calculable parameters, using the generalization of the Lennard-Jones potential to solids. In general, as the temperature increases, the Young's modulus decreases via where the electron work function varies with the temperature as and is a calculable material property which is dependent on the crystal structure (for example, BCC, FCC). is the electron work function at T=0 and is constant throughout the change.
Calculation
Young's modulus E, can be calculated by dividing the tensile stress, , by the engineering extensional strain, , in the elastic (initial, linear) portion of the physical stress–strain curve:
where
is the Young's modulus (modulus of elasticity)
is the force exerted on an object under tension;
is the actual cross-sectional area, which equals the area of the cross-section perpendicular to the applied force;
is the amount by which the length of the object changes ( is positive if the material is stretched, and negative when the material is compressed);
is the original length of the object.
Force exerted by stretched or contracted material
The Young's modulus of a material can be used to calculate the force it exerts under specific strain.
where is the force exerted by the material when contracted or stretched by .
Hooke's law for a stretched wire can be derived from this formula:
where it comes in saturation
and
But note that the elasticity of coiled springs comes from shear modulus, not Young's modulus.
Elastic potential energy
The elastic potential energy stored in a linear elastic material is given by the integral of the Hooke's law:
now by explicating the intensive variables:
This means that the elastic potential energy density (that is, per unit volume) is given by:
or, in simple notation, for a linear elastic material: , since the strain is defined .
In a nonlinear elastic material the Young's modulus is a function of the strain, so the second equivalence no longer holds, and the elastic energy is not a quadratic function of the strain:
Approximate values
Young's modulus can vary somewhat due to differences in sample composition and test method. The rate of deformation has the greatest impact on the data collected, especially in polymers. The values here are approximate and only meant for relative comparison.
See also
Bending stiffness
Deflection
Deformation
Flexural modulus
Hooke's law
Impulse excitation technique
List of materials properties
Yield (engineering)
References
Further reading
ASTM E 111, "Standard Test Method for Young's Modulus, Tangent Modulus, and Chord Modulus"
The ASM Handbook (various volumes) contains Young's Modulus for various materials and information on calculations. Online version
External links
Matweb: free database of engineering properties for over 115,000 materials
Young's Modulus for groups of materials, and their cost
Elasticity (physics)
Physical quantities
Structural analysis
The Prix Athanase-David is a literary award presented annually by the government of Quebec as part of the Prix du Québec to a Quebec writer, to honour the body of their or their work.
The prize, named in honour of longtime MNA Athanase David, has a monetary value of C$30,000.
Winners
References
External links
Winners
French-language literature in Canada
Canadian literary awards
Prix du Québec
Awards established in 1969
1969 establishments in Quebec
Literary awards honoring writers
French-language literary awards
Erika Jucá Kokay (born 15 August 1957) is a Brazilian politician. Although born in Ceará, they have spent their political career representing the Federal District, having served as state representative since 2011.
Personal life
Kokay was born to Lojos Ferenz Kokay and Maria do Perpétuo Socorro Jucá. Prior to becoming a politician Kokay worked as a banker. Kokay has also worked as a syndicalist since 1992, and is a member and past president of the trade union Central Única dos Trabalhadores.
Political career
Kokay voted against the impeachment motion of then-president Dilma Rousseff. Kokay voted against the 2017 Brazilian labor reform, and they would vote in favor of a corruption investigation into Rousseff's successor Michel Temer.
Kokay is fervently against the nonpartisan school bill, stating that it would limit free speech in the educational system and make students "enemies of the nation". Kokay supported the National Truth Commission which investigates crimes committed by the military dictatorship in Brazil from 1946–1988.  They are a supporter of LGBT rights, which was a central theme of their 2018 re-election campaign.
They were investigated in April 2019 for allegedly misusing funds after requesting that one of their peers be investigated, Kokay claimed that they were being investigated in retaliation and that they were "completely calm" regarding the potencial outcome.
References
1957 births
Living people
People from Fortaleza
Brazilian bankers
Syndicalists
Brazilian trade unionists
Workers' Party (Brazil) politicians
Members of the Chamber of Deputies (Brazil) from the Federal District
LGBT rights activists from Brazil
21st-century Brazilian women politicians
21st-century Brazilian politicians
Gustave E. Sandberg (February 23, 1895 – February 3, 1930), whose last name was sometimes spelled Sanberg, was a catcher in Major League Baseball. They played for the Cincinnati Reds in the 1923 and 1924 seasons. While playing in the minor leagues, Sandberg died of injuries sustained in an accidental fire.
Early life
Sandberg, from New York City, played semipro baseball as a young man. With the Empire City A.A. team from Ridgewood, Queens, Sandberg was teammates with future major league players including Jimmy Ring and Hugh McQuillan.
Career
In July 1915, Sandberg signed a contract to play with the New York Giants organization, and in early 1916 the team sent them to play with the Albany Senators of the New York State League. In 1919, Sandberg joined the Toronto Maple Leafs of the International League. The next year, newspapers reported that several major league managers - most recently George Stallings of the Boston Braves - were interested in signing him.
In 1923, Sandberg was with the Cincinnati Reds from May through October, but they only played in seven regular-season games. They appeared in 24 games with the Reds the next season, getting 9 hits in 52 at bats. They played their last major league game on August 8, 1924. Returning to the minor leagues after the 1924 season, Sandberg was the catcher for the Los Angeles Angels of the Pacific Coast League between 1925 and 1929. They hit .289 with 7 home runs in 131 games in their last season with Los Angeles.
Death
While playing for the Los Angeles Angels in the Pacific Coast League, Sandberg had been visited at their home by their former manager and friend, Marty Krug, on February 2, 1930. Krug was out of gasoline when they reached Sandberg's home, so Sandburg siphoned some fuel out of their own vehicle. The men feared that Sandberg would be left without enough fuel to reach a gas station, so Sandberg lit a match to see how much fuel they had left in their fuel tank. The gas tank exploded, igniting Sandberg's clothing. Krug tried to help their catcher, and they sustained minor burns himself, but Sandberg suffered severe burns. They died in a local hospital the next day.
References
External links
Major League Baseball catchers
Cincinnati Reds players
Baseball players from New York (state)
Accidental deaths in California
1895 births
1930 deaths
People from Long Island City, Queens
Deaths from fire in the United States
Empalactis sporogramma is a moth in the family Gelechiidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1921. It is found in northern Australia.
The wingspan is about 9 mm. The forewings are ochreous whitish, more ochreous tinged posteriorly and with black dots on the costa at about one-third and beyond the middle. There are subcostal and median longitudinal series of irregularly arranged black scales in the posterior half of the wing, and some on the fold forming two elongate subconfluent marks posteriorly. The hindwings are grey whitish, towards the apex whitish ochreous.
References
Chelariini
Moths described in 1921
Taxa named by Edward Meyrick
Samu Wara (born 24 January 1986) is an Australian professional rugby union footballer. Their regular playing position is on the wing.
Background
Samu Wara was born in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
Career
Wara was born and raised in Leichhardt, New South Wales, where they played junior rugby league. They went on to play NSWRL Premier League with Balmain Ryde Eastwood Tigers in 2007. They joined South Sydney's feeder club North Sydney Bears in 2008, where they played in the NSW Cup in 2008 and 2009. Wara made the NSW Cup Team of the Year in 2008. Wara made a total of 45 appearances for Norths and scored 18 tries.
They switched codes in 2010 to play rugby union with Northern Suburbs, and was selected to join the Brumbies academy by then coach Andy Friend. Wara was included in the Brumbies squad for 2011, but Friend was sacked at the start of the season and Wara did not get to play in the senior team.
Wara joined the Western Force and made their franchise debut in Week 1 of the 2012 Super Rugby season against the Brumbies in Canberra. They went on to earn 9 caps over the season for the Force.
After a brief stint playing in Port Macquarie in 2013, Wara joined French Top 14 club Oyannax for the 2013–14 season.
Reference list
External links
It's Rugby stats
1986 births
Australian expatriate rugby union players
Australian expatriate sportspeople in France
Australian people of I-Taukei Fijian descent
Australian rugby league players
Australian rugby union players
Balmain Ryde-Eastwood Tigers players
ACT Brumbies players
Expatriate rugby union players in France
Living people
New South Wales Country Eagles players
North Sydney Bears NSW Cup players
Oyonnax Rugby players
Rugby league fullbacks
Rugby league wingers
Rugby union players from Sydney
Rugby union wings
Western Force players
Fiji international rugby union players
José Luis Meilán Gil (6 July 1933 – 26 June 2018) was a Spanish lawyer, university professor and politician. They were a member of parliament, participated in the making of the Spanish constitution, and was rector of Universidade da Coruña.
Early life
Born in A Coruña on 6 July 1933, Meilan attended the catholic school run by the Salesians of Don Bosco in their city, from which they graduated in 1951. They then studied law at the universities of Santiago de Compostela, Zaragoza and Oviedo. They started teaching administrative law at Universidad de Madrid and at the school of civil servants at Alcala de Henares (the current INAP), before they earned their chair at Universidade de Santiago de Compostela in 1968.
Political activity
On 16 November 1971 Meilán was elected to the Cortes Españolas, as a representative of the province of A Coruña, remaining in office until 30 June 1977. They founded Partido Gallego Independiente, which joined Unión de Centro Democrático (UCD) for the 1977 Spanish general election, in which they were elected for the Spanish Congress of Deputies. After being re-elected on 1 March 1979, on 26 April they were appointed secretary of state for constitutional development.
Rector of Universidade da Coruña
Meilan promoted the creation of Universidade da Coruña, and was appointed its rector on 1 August 1990. They would then be elected and re-elected several times until they retired undefeated at the mandatory retirement age of 70 in 2003. Meilan is also named among the five "pioneers" that founded the Spanish University Rectors' Conference in 1994, being also the second to head its Spanish University Committee for International Relations.
Awards and distinctions
Meilán has received the Gold Medal of Galicia, the Great Cross of the Order of Civil Merit, the Great Cross of the Civil Order of Alfonso X, the Wise, the Order of Agricultural Merit, and Grand Officer of the Order of Merit of the Italian Republic.
References
1933 births
2018 deaths
Members of the constituent Congress of Deputies (Spain)
Members of the 1st Congress of Deputies (Spain)
People from A Coruña
"Who Will Comfort Me" is a song written and composed by American jazz singer-songwriter Melody Gardot. It was released as the lead single for their second studio album My One and Only Thrill. A live rendition of the song was also recorded and released on their Live from SoHo EP.
Song information
The lyrics are very simple, consisting in Gardot asking who will comfort their weary soul. Musically, it combines finger-snapping, scat singing and several percussion instruments.
Music video
The music video for "Who Will Comfort Me" was directed by Doug Biro. It features Gardot performing the song with their backing band inside a studio. The performance is intercut with scenes of Gardot exploring the city.
Track listings
CD single
"Who Will Comfort Me" – 4:58
German 7" Promo single"Who Will Comfort Me" – 4:58
"Over the Rainbow" – 4:33Al Schmitt Mix Promo single
"Who Will Comfort Me" – Radio Edit (Al Schmitt Mix) – 3:42
Chart positions
References
External links
2009 singles
Melody Gardot songs
2009 songs
Verve Records singles
Songs written by Melody Gardot
The is a Japanese dialect spoken in the southern area, made up of the former area known as Mino Province, of Gifu Prefecture, Japan. It is also referred to as the Tōnō dialect (東濃弁 Tōnō-ben) by residents of the Tōnō region of the prefecture, which is the eastern part of the former province. It is sometimes also referred to as the Gifu dialect (岐阜弁 Gifu-ben), but that can sometimes include Hida dialect, which is in the northern part of Gifu Prefecture.
Generally speaking, it has many words and grammatical structures that are shared with other nearby dialects, such as the Nagoya and Mikawa dialects in neighboring Aichi Prefecture. However, it also shares features with the Kansai dialect.
Grammar
Up until the Taishō period, the Mino dialect used ja (じゃ) for copulas and adjectival nouns, and the Mino dialect was occasionally referred to as a "ja-language in Mino" (美濃のじゃ言葉 Mino no ja-kotoba). However, because of the influence of the Kansai dialect, the modern Mino dialect generally uses ya (や) and is compared to the Nagoya dialect which uses da (だ) for copulas and adjectival nouns.
Standard Japanese emphasizes copulas with yo, such as da yo (だよ), but the Mino dialect attaches te (て) to the copula, leading to emphases such as ya te (やて).
The main difference between verbs in the Mino dialect and in standard Japanese is seen in the negative form. The verb "to eat" (食べる taberu) is written as tabenai (食べない) as a negative in standard Japanese. In the Mino dialect, nai is replaced by n (ん) or hen (へん), leading to forms such as taben (食べん) or tabehen (食べへん). The verb "to go" would similarly be written in the negative form as ikan (行かん) or ikahen (行かへん).
Pronunciation
The Mino dialect elides the intervocalic in the sequences an'i and en'i; the first vowel is lengthened, becoming aai and eei, respectively. For example, 満員 and 全員 are read as man'in and zen'in in standard Japanese, but can be read as maain and zeein in the Mino dialect.
The traditional accent pattern for the Mino dialect follow similar patterns to the Tokyo accent, though some of the western areas around Tarui and Sekigahara also show influences from the nearby Kansai accent pattern. Because major cities like Ōgaki and Gifu have many commuters from the surrounding area, modern youth have lost the traditional accent for the dialect.
Examples
Below is a list of example words for the Mino dialect:
Famous persons using Mino dialect
Yuriko Osada (長田 百合子 Osada Yuriko)
Yoko Kumada (speaks standard Japanese, but uses the Mino dialect on some programs)
See also
Japanese dialects
References
Japanese dialects
Culture in Gifu Prefecture
Van Petten may refer to:
Van Petten, Illinois, unincorporated community in the United States, named for A. G. Van Petten
John B. Van Petten (1827-1908), American educator, general and politician
Papyrus 43 (Gregory-Aland), signed by , is an early copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Book of Revelation, containing Rev 2:12-13, and 15:8-16:2. The manuscript has been paleographically dated to the 6th or 7th century CE.
Description
W. E. Crum, and H. I. Bell describe as "a small scrap of light-coloured papyrus... [written] in two, rough, inelegant sloping hands." Though the lines on each side are long, likely the papyrus only had extracts from Revelation on it, as it is hardly possible to have text from chapters 2 and 15 if the text was continuous. The text on the verso being the opposite way around to the text on the recto supports this conclusion.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Aland placed it in Category II because of its date.
It is currently housed at the British Library (Inv. 2241) in London.
See also
List of New Testament papyri
References
Further reading
Ellwood M. Schofield, The Papyrus Fragments of the Greek New Testament, Southern Baptist Theological Seminary, Louisville, 1936, pp. 292–295.
New Testament papyri
6th-century biblical manuscripts
Book of Revelation papyri
Charles Howe (1661–1742) was an English devotional writer and courtier during the reigns of Charles II and James II of England and VII of Scotland.
Life
They were born in Gloucestershire, the third son of John Grubham Howe of Langar, Nottinghamshire. John Grubham Howe (Jack Howe) was their brother. In youth Howe spent much time at Charles II's court. About 1686 they are said to have gone abroad with a relative who had been appointed ambassador by James II, but declined to accept the office permanently. On returning to England they married Elianor, only daughter and heiress of Sir William Pargiter, of Greatworth, Northamptonshire, and widow of Sir Henry Dering. They died on 25 July 1696, and was buried in Greatworth Church, where an inscription, composed by their husband, remains. After their wife's death in 1696, Howe lived in seclusion in the country, chiefly devoting themselves to religious meditation.
They died on 17 February 1742, and was buried in the same vault with their wife and children in Greatworth Church. A monument there was erected to their memory by their granddaughter, Leonora Bathurst.
Works
Devout Meditations, or, A Collection of Thoughts upon Religious and Philosophical Subjects was published in 1751, nine years after Howe's death. This work was written for their own use, and was first published, posthumously, as "by a Person of Honour", in 1751, together with Edward Young's commendations. The author's name was prefixed to the second edition in 1752. The work was included in John Wesley's Christian Library, 1819–27, vol. xxvi., and in John Jebb's Piety without Asceticism, 1837, pp. 255–404.
Family
Charles Howe was the brother of Scrope Howe, 1st Viscount Howe, John Grubham Howe and Emanuel Scrope Howe.
They had three sons and three daughters, all of whom predeceased their mother, with the exception of Leonora Maria, who became the wife of Peter Bathurst of Clarendon Park, Wiltshire.
References
Attribution
1661 births
1742 deaths
Early modern Christian devotional writers
Archbishop Szymon, (secular birth name Szymon Romańczuk; 12 August 1936 – 28 June 2017). was the Archbishop of Łódź and Poznań.
Biography
In 1955, they graduated from the pedagogical secondary school in Bielsk Podlaski and began to study philology in Minsk. They graduated from the defense of a thesis devoted to the life and work of Eliza Orzeszkowa. After returning to Poland, they became a teacher of Russian, Belarusian and Latin at the high school in Michałów. In 1965, they were admitted to the second year of studies in Orthodox theology at the Christian Theological Academy in Warsaw. On 1 February 1970, they became the head of the office of the Metropolitan of Warsaw and of the whole of Poland. On 11 February 1970, Bazyli made their perpetual vows before the metropolitan of Warsaw and all of Poland. Four days later they were ordained a deacon, and on 22 February of the same year - as priest. On 21 September 1970, they were appointed inspector of the Orthodox Theological Seminary in Warsaw, where they were previously employed as a foreign language teacher and catechesis lecturer. A year later, they became the chairperson of the Publishing and Press Commission at the Metropolitan Council and its secretary. In the period from 1971, as a representative of the PAKP or a member of its delegation, they participated in numerous theological conferences and inter-church meetings. In 1973, they were elevated to the rank of ihumen, and on November 25, 1979 - archimandrite. In October 1979 they were awarded the title of an honorary member of the Orthodox Theological Academy in Crete. At the Christian Academy of Theology, they also defended their doctoral dissertation on Religious and Social Thoughts in the Works of Dostoyevsky
On 26 November 1979, in the cathedral of St. Mary Magdalene in Warsaw, they were consecrated bishop with the title of bishop of Lublin, vicar of the Warsaw-Bielsko diocese took place. The consecrators were the metropolitan of Warsaw and all of Poland Bazyli, the archbishop of Białystok and Gdańsk Nikanor, the archbishop of Wrocław and Szczecin Aleksy, and the bishop of Łódź and Poznań Bishop Sawa.
On 18 August 1981 they moved to the cathedral in Łódź and Poznań. On June 8, 1993, they were elevated to the rank of Archbishop.
On 18 April 2010, during the funeral mass of Lech and Maria Kaczyński in St. Mary's Basilica in Krakow, Archbishop Szymon (next to the Metropolitan of Warsaw Kazimierz Nycz) conducted a funeral liturgy in the Byzantine Rite.
In 2016, they were a member of the delegation of the Polish Autocephalous Orthodox Church to the Holy and Great Council of the Orthodox Church.
They died on 28 June 2017 in Łódź and was buried in the Orthodox part of the Doły cemetery in the same city.
References
1936 births
People from Hajnówka County
Bishops of the Polish Orthodox Church
Eastern Orthodox Christians from Poland
2017 deaths
The Lacemaker is a painting by the Dutch artist Johannes Vermeer (1632–1675), completed around 1669–1670 and held in the Louvre, Paris. The work shows a young woman wearing a yellow bodice, holding up a pair of bobbins in their left hand as they carefully place a pin in the pillow on which they are making their bobbin lace. At 24.5 cm x 21 cm (9.6 in x 8.3 in), the work is the smallest of Vermeer's paintings, but in many ways one of their most abstract and unusual. The canvas used was cut from the same bolt as that used for A Young Woman Seated at the Virginals, and both paintings seem to have had identical dimensions originally.
The girl is set against a blank wall, probably because the artist sought to eliminate any external distractions from the central image. As with their The Astronomer (1668) and The Geographer (1669), it is likely that the artist undertook careful study before they executed the work; the art of lacemaking is portrayed closely and accurately. Vermeer probably used a camera obscura while composing the work: many optical effects typical of photography can be seen, in particular the blurring of the foreground. By rendering areas of the canvas as out-of-focus, Vermeer is able to suggest depth of field in a manner unusual of Dutch Baroque painting of the era.
In The Lacemaker, the artist presents in an abstract manner the various elements which compose the girl's face and body and the pattern of the material on which they are working. The girl's hands, the curls of their hair and the T-cross which form their eyes and nose are all described in an abstract manner unusual for the era in which Vermeer worked. In addition, the red and white of the lace is shown as spilling from the sewing cushion with physical properties suggesting a near liquid form. The blurring of these threads contrasts sharply with the precision of the lace they are shown working on.
Vermeer's painting is often compared to a 1662 canvas by the Dutch portrait and genre painter Caspar Netscher. However, Vermeer's work is very different in tone. In the earlier work, both the girl's shoes and the mussel shells near their feet have sexual connotations. In addition, the discarded shoes in Netscher's painting are unlikely to be the girl's own, hinting again at a sexual overtone.
According to the art historian Lawrence Gowing,
"The achievement of Vermeer's maturity is complete. It is not open to extension: no universal style is discovered. We have never the sense of abundance that the characteristic jewels of their century gives us, the sense that the precious vein lies open, ready to be worked. There is only one 'Lacemaker': we cannot imagine another. It is a complete and single definition."
Notes
Sources
Bonafoux, Pascal. Vermeer. New York: Konecky & Konecky, 1992.
Gowing, Lawrence. Vermeer. University of California Press, 1950.
Huerta, Robert D. Giants of Delft. Bucknell University Press, 2003.
Huerta, Robert D. Vermeer and Plato: Painting the Ideal. Bucknell University Press, 2005.
Wheelock, Arthur K. Vermeer: The Complete Works. New York: Harry N. Abrams, 1997.
Further reading
Genre paintings by Johannes Vermeer
1670s paintings
Paintings in the Louvre by Dutch, Flemish and German artists
Paintings of lacemakers
Stratton Upper School is a mixed British upper school and sixth form located in Biggleswade, Bedfordshire. It is an academy school, governed by the Cambridge Meridian Academies Trust.
Profile
The main body of the school educates both male and female students aged between 13 and 16, mainly from the town of Biggleswade and some surrounding villages (including some from Cambridgeshire). In addition, the school offers further education facilities for students up to the age of 19 through its Sixth Form, singled out for praise in the school's most recent OFSTED inspection. The schools values are Respect, Responsibility and Pride.
The school has provision for STEM (science, technology, engineering and mathematics) subjects including a science centre containing twelve labs opened in 2017. The school site also features a playing field, a cafeteria, a music block, a drama studio, a sports hall and an assembly hall with a stage, often used to host various exhibitions and events. Some of these facilities are available to let via the school finance office.
Stratton Upper School is designated as a training school hosting trainees from various training providers including the Bedfordshire Schools Training Partnership SCITT and the University of Bedfordshire. As a training school the school offers a postgraduate programme as well as a Graduate Teacher Programme, and Access to Education Scheme. The pedagogic practice within the school is also heavily focussed on leading educational research.
The school has an educational partnership with Norwich City FC to provide cutting edge training in football alongside qualifications obtained within the sixth form. On the pitch, students take part in daily training sessions delivered by highly qualified staff and represent Norwich City FC in a competitive fixture programme against other professional clubs, semi-professional sides and college programmes. In 2021, the school established itself as one of the best performing sixth forms in the country as its results placed it in the top ten percent of schools nationally for value added performance.
House system
The house system was introduced in 2021. Each house is linked to a curriculum area and the names are associated with inspirational people linked to that area.
The house names are:
, (humanities), named after Tom Edwin Adlam, Bedfordshire soldier who survived WW1 and WW2 and was awarded the Victoria Cross
, (English and languages), named after Christine Chaundler, prolific children's author from Biggleswade
, (science and technology), named after Rosalind Franklin, Biophysicist whose work led to understanding the molecular structure of DNA
, (PE/sport and creative arts), named after Matt King, an inspirational ex-student of Stratton who overcame exceptional challenges to achieve their aspirations
, (mathematics, and computing & commerce), named after Alan Turing, WW2 code breaker and the influence behind the development of theoretical computer science
History
The school was originally constructed during the late 1940s, being built in such a fashion that it could be used as a hospital in the event of another major conflict akin to the Second World War. The school first opened its doors to students in 1950 as "Stratton Grammar Technical School," though much of the facility remained unfinished at this time and construction would continue over the following years, with the site not finally completed until 1956.
In 1976 the facility was one of many grammar schools in Britain during the period to become a comprehensive. This culminated in a transformative period during the mid-2000s, with the school consistently rated highly by Ofsted and achieving successful results. Stratton was subsequently the first school in the Biggleswade area to apply for and gain academy status in 2011. The Stratton Education Trust was formed a year later, and between 2012 and 2017 was also responsible for governing Gamlingay Village College. Gamlingay Village College then followed Gamlingay First School by joining Camtrust.
The school was designated as a training school in 2003.
An extensive expansion of the site was completed in 2018, with the opening of a new science block and the remodelling of the school's façade.
The school joined the Cambridge Meridian Academy Trust in 2020.
The Norwich City FC partnership commenced in 2021.
Headteachers
H. Blayney (1950-1973)
G. Suggitt (1973-1982)
B. Farman (1982-1996)
N. Bramwell (1996-2010)
R. Watson (2010–2018)
Ms R. Hodges (2018–2022)
Mr S. Farmer (2022-Present)
Notable former pupils
Chris Roycroft-Davis, Sun journalist
References
External links
Stratton Upper School homepage
School video
History of Biggleswade schools
EduBase
Upper schools in Central Bedfordshire District
Training schools in England
Educational institutions established in 1950
Academies in Central Bedfordshire District
1950 establishments in England
"Why" is a song written by Rodney Clawson, Vicky McGehee, and Big & Rich's John Rich and recorded by American country music artist Jason Aldean. It was released in November 2005 as the second single from Aldean's 2005 self-titled debut album. The song became Aldean's first number one hit on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs chart.
Content
A ballad backed by electric guitar, the song centralizes on the male character who has finally come to the realization that they have caused their lover emotional pain. They then asks themselves why they let themselves treat them wrongly, and why they take so long to show their feelings for them
Critical reception
Kevin John Coyne of Country Universe gave the song a positive review, saying that it is "interesting" and sounds "very real and sincere".
Music video
The music video was directed by Wes Edwards. It premiered in the week of November 14, 2005.
Chart performance
"Why" debuted at number 49 on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs for the week of December 3, 2005. As of April 2015, the song has sold 675,000 digital copies in the United States.
Year-end charts
Other versions
Country music singer Shannon Brown recorded the song for their 2006 album Corn Fed.
References
2005 singles
2005 songs
Country ballads
2000s ballads
Jason Aldean songs
Songs written by John Rich
Songs written by Rodney Clawson
Songs written by Vicky McGehee
Song recordings produced by Michael Knox (record producer)
Music videos directed by Wes Edwards
BBR Music Group singles
Steven Van Broeckhoven (27 September 1985) is a Belgian windsurfer, specialized in freestyle. In 2010 they were ranked #4 on the PWA overall ranking Freestyle Men.
Training
Steven Van Broeckhoven had their first windsurfing experiences at the Vossemeren in Lommel, Belgium. After learning the basics, they started windsurfing at Lake Grevelingen in the Netherlands. Nowadays they train at Tarifa, Kaapstad and Bonaire, but still refers to Lake Grevelingen as their homespot.
Major achievements
2006
1st Belgian Championship Freestyle Men
1st overall "Sultans of Surf Marokko" Men
4th Pro Kids Bonaire Men
2007
1st Overall "O'Neill The Crowning"
1st Dutch Championship Freestyle Try Out Men
1st Belgian Championship Freestyle Men
1st TWF (Tarifa-Spain)
2008
1st Dutch Championship Freestyle men
1st Overall "O'Neill The Crowning 2"
4th EFPT overall
2009
1st EFPT overall
4th PWA (Worldcup) Sotavento Fuerteventura
6th PWA Costa Teguise, Lanzarote
2010
1st EFPT overall
2nd PWA/EFPT Surf Worldcup Podersdorf, Austria
3rd PWA Super Grand Slam, Colgate World Cup Sylt, Germany
3rd PWA Freestyle Grand Slam, Sotavento
3rd PWA Grand Slam, Sotavento Fuerteventura
2011
1st PWA Surf World Cup Podersdorf, Austria
1st PWA Surf World Cup Freestyle, overall ; WORLDCHAMPION
Recognition
In 2009 Steven Van Broeckhoven was elected as Rookie of the Year by the PWA and in 2011 they won the Zilveren Laurier, which symbolizes the sportsman of the year of Limburg. They were also nominated Yachtsman of the year 2010. On May 4, 2011 Steven Van Broeckhoven has won their first PWA World Cup title.
2011 1st PWA Freestyle, overall
References
External links
EFPT Profile
Official website
1985 births
Living people
People from Lommel
Windsurfers
The Edward Payson Roe Memorial Park is a public park and hiking trail dedicated to American novelist Edward Payson Roe, located in Cornwall-on-Hudson, New York. It borders on land of the Hudson Highlands Nature Museum's Wildlife Education Center. The park features a memorial tablet dedicated to Roe's legacy in 1894.
Founding
Edward Payson Roe spent the final years of their life at their estate, Roelands, in the shadow of Storm King Mountain. Their property was situated on a hill overlooking the Hudson Highlands, which they had written about countless times. Roelands was surrounded by gardens kept by Roe and backed by expansive woods. On July 19th, 1888, they began to complain of heart pain, a symptom of neuralgia. They had become aware of the condition in themselves after an episode in Charleston, South Carolina on vacation there. After dinner, they read to their daughter and their friend aloud from a book of Nathaniel Hawthorne. After their wife Anna Paulina had made them a remedy for their pains, which did not go away, a physician was called to the house. Roe suffered a sudden heart attack after feeling extreme pain for hours. They were merely 50 years old, and their death was a shock to their family and fans, who were mainly Presbyterians of the American middle class.
At the time of their death, their publishers estimated that over 1,400,000 copies of their novels had been sold in the United States and abroad.
Memorial Ceremony
On Memorial Day 1894, May 30th that year, a crowd of Edward's family, friends and fans gathered beneath a boulder in the woods behind their estate. At this particular boulder they were known to rest after strenuous hikes with their friends in the surrounding woods. A bronze memorial tablet was fixed to its side to be visible from below.
In attendance were the Rev. Dr. Teal of Elizabeth, New Jersey, a good friend of Roe who had begun their career as a Presbyterian minister in Cornwall, and William Hamilton Gibson, an illustrator and naturalist. Dr. Lyman Abbott spoke at the ceremony. They had assisted Roe in their earliest drafts of their most famous work, Barriers Burned Away, in 1872. The beginning of Abbott's speech tells of Roe's skills as a writer: "It is of the latter aspect of their life I wish to speak for a few moments only, in an endeavor to interpret their service to the great American people by their pen through literature. The chief function of the imagination is to enable us to realize actual scenes with which we are not familiar. This is an important service. It is well that you who live in these quiet and peaceful scenes should know what is the wretchedness of some of your fellow beings in the slums of New York. It is well that your sympathies should be broadened and deepened, and that you should know the sorrow, the struggle that goes on in those less favored homes. But this is not the only function of the imagination, nor its highest nor most important function. It gives us enjoyment by taking us on its wings and flying with us away from lives which otherwise would be prosaic, dull, commonplace, lives of dull routine and drudgery. But this also is not the only nor the highest use; God has given us imagination in order that we may have noble ideals set before us, and yet ideals so linked to actual life that they shall become inseparable. They have given us imagination that we may see what we may hope for, what we may endeavor to achieve that we may be imbued with a nobler inspiration, a higher hope, and a more loving, enduring patience and perseverance. Realism, which uses imagination only to depict the actual, is not the highest form of fiction. Romanticism, which uses the imagination only to depict what is for us the unreal and impossible, is not the highest form of fiction. That fiction is the highest which by the imagination makes real to our thought the common affairs of life, and yet so blends them with noble ideals that we are able to go back into life with a larger, a nobler, and a more perfect faith."
Description
The property of Roelands has been subdivided into a neighborhood. One street leading up to the park, Payson Road, was named for Roe. The park is situated on Boulevard, a somewhat preserved name for the road that traversed along the side of the original property. A sign marks the pathway up to the boulder. The park is about two acres in size
References
Parks in Orange County, New York
Paisiy ( ) is a village in Northern Bulgaria. It is located in Gorna Oryahovitsa Municipality, in the province of Veliko Tarnovo. As it was counted in the 2020 census, the village has a population of 118 people.
Geography
Paisiy village is located at an elevation of 210 meters. The village is positioned northeast of Gorna Oryahovitsa, in a small valley between the villages of Strelets, Lozen, and Vinograd.
History
Near Paisiy village there are traces of Thracian and Roman settlements and a preserved old Roman road.
Before 1934, the village was known as Arnauti ( ), so named because of the Arnauts (Bulgarian: Arnauti) living there during Ottoman times.
Buildings
The school was built in 1936 and was closed in the 1970s due to a lack of pupils.
Paisiy is one of the few villages in the municipality lacking a community hall and library.
Ethnicity
According to the Bulgarian population census in 2011.
References
Villages in Veliko Tarnovo Province
Equifinality is the principle that in open systems a given end state can be reached by many potential means. The term and concept is due to Hans Driesch, the developmental biologist, later applied by Ludwig von Bertalanffy, the founder of general systems theory, and by William T. Powers, the founder of perceptual control theory. Driesch and von Bertalanffy prefer this term, in contrast to "goal", in describing complex systems' similar or convergent behavior. Powers simply emphasised the flexibility of response, since it emphasizes that the same end state may be achieved via many different paths or trajectories.
In closed systems, a direct cause-and-effect relationship exists between the initial condition and the final state of the system: When a computer's 'on' switch is pushed, the system powers up. Open systems (such as biological and social systems), however, operate quite differently. The idea of equifinality suggests that similar results may be achieved with different initial conditions and in many different ways. This phenomenon has also been referred to as isotelesis (from Greek ἴσος isos "equal" and τέλεσις telesis: "the intelligent direction of effort toward the achievement of an end") when in games involving superrationality.
Overview
In business, equifinality implies that firms may establish similar competitive advantages based on substantially different competencies.
In psychology, equifinality refers to how different early experiences in life (e.g., parental divorce, physical abuse, parental substance abuse) can lead to similar outcomes (e.g., childhood depression). In other words, there are many different early experiences that can lead to the same psychological disorder.
In archaeology, equifinality refers to how different historical processes may lead to a similar outcome or social formation. For example, the development of agriculture or the bow and arrow occurred independently in many different areas of the world, yet for different reasons and through different historical trajectories. This highlights that generalizations based on cross-cultural comparisons cannot be made uncritically.
In Earth and environmental Sciences, two general types of equifinality is distinguished: process equifinality (concerned with real-world open systems) and model equifinality (concerned with conceptual open systems). For example, process equifinality in geomorphology indicates that similar landforms might arise as a result of quite different sets of processes. Model equifinality refers to a condition where distinct configurations of model components (e.g. distinct model parameter values) can lead to similar or equally acceptable simulations (or representations of the real-world process of interest). This similarity or equal acceptability is conditional on the objective functions and criteria of acceptability defined by the modeler. While model equifinality has various facets, model parameter and structural equifinality are mostly known and focused in modeling studies. Equifinality (particularly parameter equifinality) and Monte Carlo experiments are the foundation of the GLUE method that was the first generalised method for uncertainty assessment in hydrological modeling. GLUE is now widely used within and beyond environmental modeling.
See also
GLUE – Generalized Likelihood Uncertainty Estimation (when modeling environmental systems there are many different model structures and parameter sets that may be behavioural or acceptable in reproducing the behaviour of that system)
TMTOWTDI – Computer programming maxim: "there is more than one way to do it"
Underdetermination
Consilience
Convergent Evolution
Degeneracy (biology)
References
Publications
Bertalanffy, Ludwig von, General Systems Theory, 1968
Beven, K.J. and Binley, A.M., 1992. The future of distributed models: model calibration and uncertainty prediction, Hydrological Processes, 6, pp. 279–298.
Beven, K.J. and Freer, J., 2001a. Equifinality, data assimilation, and uncertainty estimation in mechanistic modelling of complex environmental systems, Journal of Hydrology, 249, 11–29.
Croft, Gary W., Glossary of Systems Theory and Practice for the Applied Behavioral Sciences, Syntropy Incorporated, Freeland, WA, Prepublication Review Copy, 1996
Durkin, James E. (ed.), Living Groups: Group Psychotherapy and General System Theory, Brunner/Mazel, New York, 1981
Mash, E. J., & Wolfe, D. A. (2005). Abnormal Child Psychology (3rd edition). Wadsworth Canada. pp. 13–14.
Weisbord, Marvin R., Productive Workplaces: Organizing and Managing for Dignity, Meaning, and Community, Jossey-Bass Publishers, San Francisco, 1987
Tang, J.Y. and Zhuang, Q. (2008). Equifinality in parameterization of process-based biogeochemistry models: A significant uncertainty source to the estimation of regional carbon dynamics, J. Geophys. Res., 113, G04010.
Systems theory
Richard Curran (18 November 1879 – 27 January 1961) was an Irish politician. A farmer, they were first elected to Dáil Éireann at the 1933 general election as a National Centre Party Teachta Dála (TD) for the Tipperary constituency. They became a Fine Gael TD on 8 September 1933 when Cumann na nGaedheal and the National Centre Party, along with the Army Comrades Association merged to form the new party of Fine Gael. They lost their seat at the 1937 general election but was elected as a Fine Gael TD at the 1938 general election. They were not elected at the 1943 general election.
References
1879 births
1961 deaths
National Centre Party (Ireland) TDs
Fine Gael TDs
Members of the 8th Dáil
Members of the 10th Dáil
Politicians from County Tipperary
Irish farmers
Samurai is the 45th official video game for the Philips Videopac. in North America, the same game as released as Dynasty! for the Magnavox Odyssey² console.
The game is identical to the game Reversi. It also contains two-player mode, gameplay against the computer, as well as a digital timing handicap which allows newcomers to have a better chance in beating grandmaster players in the game. Similar to other Videopac games, the game did not compare favorably to those for Atari's consoles.
References
External links
Classic Consoles Center
1979 video games
Videopac games
Video games developed in the United States
Beckmann is a German surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Astrid Beckmann (born 1957), German physicist
Ernst Otto Beckmann (1853–1923), German chemist and discoverer of the Beckmann rearrangement
Johann Beckmann (1739–1811), German scientific author
Juan Domingo Beckmann (born 1967), Mexican business person
Juan Beckmann Vidal (born 1940), Mexican business person
Ludwig Beckmann (died 20 January 1965), German First World War flying ace
Matthias Beckmann (born 1984), German jazz musician
Max Beckmann (1884–1950), German painter
Petr Beckmann (1924–1993), Czech-American dissident physicist
Reinhold Beckmann (born 1956), German journalist and TV presenter
Rudolf Beckmann (1910–1943), German Nazi SS-Oberscharführer
Josef Beckmann (1920–2001), World War II German lieutenant
See also
Beckman (surname)
Beckman (disambiguation)
German-language surnames
German toponymic surnames
Ru, ru, or RU may refer to:
Russia
Russia (ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code)
Russian language (ISO 639 alpha-2 code)
.ru, the Internet country code top-level domain for Russia
China
Rù (入), the entering tone in Chinese language phonetics
Rú (儒), a Chinese language term for Confucianism
Ru (surname) (茹), a Chinese surname
Ru River (汝), in Henan, China
Ru ware, a type of Chinese pottery
Educational institutions
Radboud University Nijmegen, in Nijmegen, Netherlands
Radford University, in Virginia, USA
Rai University in Gujarat, India
Rajshahi University in Bangladesh
Rama University in India
Ramkhamhaeng University in Thailand
Regis University in Colorado, USA
Reykjavík University Iceland
Rhodes University in Grahamstown, South Africa
Rockefeller University in New York, USA
Rockhurst University in Missouri, USA
Roosevelt University in Chicago, Illinois, USA
Rowan University in New Jersey, USA
Ruse University in Bulgaria
Rutgers University in New Jersey, USA
Ryerson University in Ontario, Canada
Science and technology
Resource Unit, a unit used in 802.11 wireless
Rack unit, a measurement of the height electronic equipment installed in 19-inch racks
Ruthenium, symbol Ru, a chemical element
The "backwards-R U" Recognized Component Mark of Underwriters Laboratories
Other uses
Reino Unido, the Spanish name of the United Kingdom
Royaume-Uni, the French name of the United Kingdom
Ru (kana), the romanisation of the Japanese kana る and ル
Ru (cuneiform), a sign in cuneiform writing
Ru (novel), a novel by Canadian novelist Kim Thúy
Rückkehr unerwünscht "return unwanted", a Nazi designation for concentration camp prisoners who were forbidden to be released
RuPaul, an American drag queen, actor, and television personality
Rugby union
AirBridge Cargo (IATA airline code)
See also
Rew (disambiguation)
Rewe (disambiguation)
Roo (disambiguation)
Rou (disambiguation)
Rue (disambiguation)
Ruu
Onice was a built for the (Royal Italian Navy) during the 1930s. They played a minor role in the Spanish Civil War of 1936–1939 supporting the Spanish Nationalists.
Design and description
The Perla-class submarines were essentially repeats of the preceding . The modifications that were made compared to the boats of the previous series were mostly of upgrade nature. Among them were enlargement of the false tower at the top, more modern engines, installation of a radiogoniometer that could be controlled from inside the ship. Improvements and the installation of new air conditioning equipment meant a slight increase in displacement, and increase in the fuel stowage also increased the autonomy of these boats compared to the previous series. Their designed full load displacement was surfaced and submerged, but varied somewhat depending on the boat and the builder. The submarines were long, had a beam of and a draft of to . They had an operational diving depth of . Their crew numbered 45 officers and enlisted men.
For surface running, the boats were powered by two diesel engines, each driving one propeller shaft with overall power of . When submerged each propeller was driven by a electric motor. They could reach on the surface and underwater. On the surface, the Perla class had a range of at , submerged, they had a range of at .
The boats were armed with six internal torpedo tubes, four in the bow and two in the stern. One reload torpedo was carried for each tube, for a total of twelve. They were also armed with one deck gun for combat on the surface. The light anti-aircraft armament consisted of one or two pairs of machine guns.
Construction and career
Onice was built by OTO at their shipyard in Muggiano, laid on 27 August 1935, launched on 15 June 1936 and completed on 1 September 1936.
After delivery, Onice was assigned to the 34th Squadron (III Submarine group) based at Messina. After a brief training, in 1937 they carried out a long endurance cruise in the Dodecanese, Tyrrhenian Sea and Ionian Sea.
On August 12, 1937, they sailed from Naples under command of captain Mario Ricci to carry out a secret mission outside of Tarragona during the Spanish Civil War. The submarine fired two torpedoes at a tanker off Salou on August 17, but missed. On August 27, 1937 they returned to Naples.
In September 1937 the Nyon Conference was called by France and Great Britain to address the "underwater piracy" conducted against merchant traffic in the Mediterranean. On September 14, an agreement was signed establishing British and French patrol zones around Spain (with a total of 60 destroyers and airforce employed) to counteract aggressive behavior by submarines. Italy was not directly accused, but had to comply with the agreement and suspend the underwater operations.
Under pressure from Franco's regime, Italy decided to transfer 4 more submarines (in addition to and already being operated by the Falangists) to the Spanish Legion (Legión Española or Tercio de Extranjeros). Onice was one of the four boats chosen for the transfer. On September 17, 1937 Onice left La Maddalena and headed to Soller on Mallorca, and arrived there on September 23, 1937. They were placed under the direct command of Spanish admiral Francisco Moreno, was renamed Aguilar Tablada and assigned pennant number L4. However, Onice retained their commander (captain Mario Ricci), senior officers and Italian crew, but they had to wear Spanish uniforms and insignia.
The other three Italian submarines transferred to Tercio were (Gonzalez Lopez), (General Mola II) and (General Sanjurjo II). All four were based at Soller. Onice (Aguilar Tablada) became the first to start operations, serving in "Tercio" for four months, and conducting 3 missions.
During October 8 through 18, 1937 Onice carried out their first mission under the Nationalist flag starting between Benidorm and Alicante (until October 12) and then off Cartagena. There were several occasions to attack, but they all were wasted for various reasons, along with wasted torpedoes which resulted in heavy criticism of Captain Ricci and their apparent lack of expertise.
During November 2 through 11, 1937 Onice carried out their second mission patrolling off Tarragona under a new commander, captain Alfredo Criscuolo. They attacked one steamer, but a failure of the echo sounder and the hydrophones forced Onice to return to Cagliari for repairs.
During January 31 through February 4, 1938 they carried out their third and last mission, under command of captain Manlio Petroni, off Tarragona but without any results. On February 5, 1938, they left Soller and returned to Italy and assumed their old name of Onice ending their "legionary" career.
In 1939 they were based at La Spezia, and later at the Red Sea base of Massawa in Eritrea together with Iride and . They returned to Italy in 1940 and was based at Messina.
At the time of Italy's entrance into World War II Onice was assigned to the 13th Squadron (I Submarine Group) based at La Spezia together with and . Captain Gustavo Lovatelli was their commander and would remain in charge until October 1942. In the early stages of the war, Onice conducted some missions in the Strait of Sicily but they never even sighted an enemy ship.
On September 28, 1940, while maneuvering in the port of Messina Onice collided with Diana and sustained some damage requiring repairs. Once the repairs were finished, they were deployed to Leros.
In November 1940 they patrolled northwest of Alexandria.
During December 21, 1940 through 1 January 1941 Onice conducted a patrol in the Aegean Sea.
On March 7, 1941, Onice under command of captain Gustavo Lovatelli was sent to patrol an area north of Crete, and attack British convoys sailing between Alexandria and Piraeus during British Operation "Lustre" (transfer of 58,000 British soldiers to Greece in anticipation of a German invasion). On the night of March 8, Onice sighted several warships, including a cruiser, moving through the Strait of Kasos. They launched two torpedoes at the cruiser, but missed the target. On March 9, 1941, they returned to the base.
In May 1941 they patrolled south of Strait of Kasos. In the early morning of May 21 Onice receives an order to move to a new patrol area in support of German invasion of Crete (Operation "Merkur"). At 13:15 of May 21 Onice sighted three destroyers eight miles south of the Strait of Kasos and launched three torpedoes against one of them, but the attack is unsuccessful.
On September 25, 1941 Onice, while conducting an anti-submarine patrol off Benghazi along with patrol boats Zuri and Zirona, detected at 00:45 in the position a noise from diesel engines. Thinking they detected a submarine, and it's quite possible it was British submarine Thrasher, that was active in the area, Onice surfaced at 1:50 and warned Zuri and Zirona. All three ships went on a search for an enemy submarine, but they couldn't maintain contact. An incoming convoy to Benghazi consisting of ships Iseo, Capo Faro and torpedo boat Orione arrived at 2:40, and got warned about the enemy submarine presence by Onice. Actually, Thrasher already attacked the convoy earlier, but no ships were hit.
On September 28, 1941 Onice was assigned to Benghazi to conduct daily anti-submarine patrols to protect convoys from and to Libya.
During the night of October 1, Onice was on an anti-submarine patrol in an anticipation of arrival of a German convoy coming from Naples and heading to Benghazi. The convoy consisted of steamers Savona and Castellon, escorted by torpedo boats Calliope and Pegaso and was expected to arrive in the morning of October 2. Patrol boats Zuri and Selve were also on patrol as the Benghazi navy command believed there were British submarines hiding outside Benghazi harbor. Onice left the area shortly after midnight while Zuri and Selve continued their search until the arrival of the convoy. Despite much effort by the Italians, at 10:12 on October 2 British submarine Perseus was able to attack and sink steamer Castellon.
On October 10, 1941, while surfaced they exchanged torpedo attacks and gunfire with a British submarine, but the combat was inconclusive.
On October 14, 1941 Onice was reassigned to Messina. For the rest of the year they were involved in several patrols in the Strait of Sicily with no results.
On January 3, 1942, they were deployed to patrol an area south-southeast of Malta with the task of detecting and attacking any British naval forces that would have tried to intercept a large supply convoy M. 43 to Libya, but they didn't sight any British vessels.
On March 11, 1942, Onice under command of captain Bruno Zelik was sent to patrol in the Eastern Mediterranean, and stayed on patrol until March 27. On March 16, while patrolling off Cape dell'Armi, they were attacked by British submarine P-36 who launched two torpedoes. Onice maneuvered to avoid being hit and counterattacked by also launching torpedoes and opening fire with the deck gun forcing the enemy submarine to dive and retreat.
At 17.45 on March 21, 1942 Onice, while on patrol southwest of Cape Krio, sighted in the position a group of unknown ships moving north-northwest. Due to high wind and rough seas Onice struggled to stay at the periscope depth or even identify the type of sighted vessels. At 17:47 they radioed a discovery message to Supermarina which was received at 20:00.
The ships sighted by Onice were part of the MW10 convoy, traveling from Alexandria to Malta with urgent supplies for the garrison of the island. There were three cargo ships (Clan Campbell, Pampas and Talbot) and four tankers(Cleopatra, Penelope, Dido and Euryalus), accompanied by an escort of an anti-aircraft cruiser and 12 destroyers. An Italian naval force sortied to attack the convoy, but in the subsequent battle (Second Battle of Sirte) it could only damage some ships of the escort without being able to reach the convoy. Axis air force sank one of the merchants (Clan Campbell) the next day and destroyed three more vessels after their arrival in Malta.
At 13:42 on March 23, 1942, Onice detected through hydrophones British Force B that was returning to Alexandria after the battle. They closed in and at 14:15 sighted the ships of Force B (estimated to be composed of 3 or 4 cruisers, plus some destroyers). At 14:33 Onice launched two torpedoes from about 3,000 meters in the position . After 3 minutes two explosions were heard, but in fact no ships were hit, and the British force did not even notice the attack.
At dawn on April 28, 1942, while patrolling east of Cape Bon, Onice sighted what they had thought to be a big submarine and launched two torpedoes but missed. In fact, it appears there were no British submarines present in this area on this date. It is possible that Onice mistook a fishing boat for a submarine, or they tried to attack which could have possibly be passing through this area.
At 21:15 on May 9, 1942, Onice sighted disguised as a French destroyer Léopard traveling to Malta with an urgent load of supplies, 100 Rolls-Royce Merlin aircraft engines and some RAF personnel. Onice maneuvered into attack position, but suddenly aborted it due to captain Zelik's perceived threat from British aircraft. However, there were actually no British planes present at this time.
On June 11, 1942 Onice was sent along with four other submarines (, , and ) to patrol the triangle between Malta, Pantelleria and Lampedusa to intercept a British convoy, part of Operation "Harpoon". Onice failed to detect any enemy ships.
Following the Allied invasion of Sicily, Onice was transferred to Taranto.
On September 3, 1943, under the Zeta Plan, ten submarines were deployed in the Ionian Sea and Tyrrhenian Sea to defend the coasts of Calabria and Campania from anticipated Anglo-American landings. Onice was deployed in the western Ionian Sea between the Gulf of Squillace and the Straits of Messina.
On September 8, 1943, at the time of announcement of the Armistice Onice was still in the Ionian Sea. They received orders to proceed to Augusta and surrender to Allies.
On September 16, 1943, they left Augusta at sunset along with five other submarines and headed to Malta where they arrived the next day.
On October 6, 1943, they left Malta together with several other ships and headed to Naples. There they would serve as an electricity generator for the city for several days. They then moved to Augusta and then to Taranto, where they underwent some repair work.
On June 10, 1944, after finishing their repairs, Onice under command of captain Ferdinando Boggetti left Taranto and headed to Gibraltar and from there to Bermuda. On July 16, 1944 Onice arrived in Bermuda where they would serve as a training ship for Allies. Between August 1944 and January 1945 they would participate in more than 50 exercises helping Allied ships to practice their anti-submarine techniques.
On January 20, 1945, Onice left Bermuda for New London, then Portland where they participated in 54 more exercises. On May 13, 1945 Onice was moved to Portsmouth for some repair work. They left Portsmouth on September 20, 1945, for Bermuda and from there they sailed all the way back to Italy, arriving in Taranto on November 3, 1945, finally bringing an end to their war career.
Under the terms of Paris Peace Treaty, Italy was obligated to demolish all of their submarine fleet. On February 1, 1948 Onice was struck and finally demolished in 1949.
Notes
References
External links
Coastal submarines: Perla class
Perla-class submarines
World War II submarines of Italy
1936 ships
Ships built by OTO Melara
Ships built in La Spezia
Gardeners' World is a long-running BBC Television programme about gardening, first broadcast on 5 January 1968. The 2022 series is the 53rd. Its first series was presented by Ken Burras and came from Oxford Botanical Gardens. Up until 2020 most of its episodes have been 30 minutes in duration; however, this changed in spring 2020 when the format was extended to an hour. All episodes in the 2021 series onwards follow this 60-minute format. Gardeners' World currently airs between mid-March and late October on BBC Two every Friday. The programme usually takes a three-month winter break from November to February.
The programme's main presenter is currently Monty Don. Other regular presenters include Adam Frost, Frances Tophill, Joe Swift, Arit Anderson, Advolly Richmond, Nick Bailey, Carol Klein, Mark Lane and Rachel de Thame. The magazine BBC Gardeners' World is a tie-in to the programme.
Presenters
Lead
Lead presenters have included:
Ken Burras (1968–1969)
Percy Thrower (1969–1976)
Arthur Billitt (1976–1979)
Geoff Hamilton (1979–1996)
Geoffrey Smith (1980–1982)
Alan Titchmarsh (1996–2002)
Monty Don (2003–2008)
Toby Buckland (2008–2010)
Monty Don (2011–present)
Co-presenters
Co-presenters have included:
Alys Fowler, Chris Baines, Chris Beardshaw, Mary Spiller, Liz Rigby, Diarmuid Gavin, Clay Jones, Stefan Buczacki, Christine Walkden, Sarah Raven, Gay Search, Anne Swithinbank, Nigel Colborn, Geoffrey Smith, Roy Lancaster, Peter Seabrook, Joe Swift, Ali Ward, Pippa Greenwood, Rachel de Thame, Frances Tophill, Carol Klein, Bob Flowerdew, Mark Lane, Adam Frost, Arit Anderson, John Kelly, Nick Bailey, Flo Headlam, Arthur Parkinson, JJ Chalmers, and Sue Kent.
Locations
Since its inception in 1968, the show was presented until 2003 from the lead presenter's own garden. In 2011, the show returned to this practice.
First was Percy Thrower's The Magnolias in Shrewsbury
Then Arthur Billitt's Clack's Farm at Ombersley in Worcestershire
Followed by two gardens, both called Barnsdale, owned by Geoff Hamilton in Rutland
Next was Alan Titchmarsh's garden at Woodroyd in Alton, Hampshire, renamed Barleywood for the programme
Next was a rented garden, called Burmans Farm at Shottery () in Stratford-upon-Avon which was called Berryfields for the purposes of the programme although it was often described as a 'top secret location near Birmingham'
Partly as a result of changes in the presenters, for the 2009 series the garden was relocated to Edgbaston in Birmingham. A playing-field was redeveloped and this garden was given the name Greenacre. This garden was intended to be a permanent home for the programme.
In 2011, with the return of Monty Don, the base relocated to Don's own garden Longmeadow in Herefordshire ().
Critical response
As the primary gardening programme on BBC Television, the programme has attracted vocal opinion on the merits both of its presenters and its content. The 2009 season introduced several new features, many of which were not well received. Criticism was especially harsh regarding the high cost of certain features such as the hard landscaping and raised-beds and what was widely regarded as the dumbed-down and derivative content. The 'Cool Wall' which mimicked Top Gear, a competition for training places which aped The Apprentice, children from CBeebies and content such as a feature on garden gnomes annoyed many viewers. Much of the widespread criticism was also directed at the fact that the show no longer came from a real garden. But 'Greenacre' was a field, part of Winterbourne Botanic Garden in Birmingham.
The 2010 show saw public approval change, after alterations to the show's production. The show's length was returned to the original 30 minutes and several features of the 2009 series, such as the '30 second fix', were dropped. The show concentrated more on gardening content, reintroducing 'Jobs for the weekend' and focusing on plant species.
In March 2011 Monty Don returned as the main presenter of the programme.
In 2016 new executive producer Paolo Proto (previously producer of The Great British Bake Off) extended the programme from 30 minutes to one hour in September and October, also introducing new presenters Adam Frost, Frances Tophill, Nick Bailey, Nick Macer, Florence Headlam and Arit Anderson.
On 20 August 2021 the programme featured a visit, to Monty Don's garden at Longmeadow, by Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall.
Theme tunes
The very first theme tune to the series in 1968 was a piece composed by Peter Craddy and played by Michael Saxton on clarinet. A year later this was replaced by the long-running Green Fingers composed by John Clarke and Reg Reid, played by Harold Rich & Their Players, a version of which, with sweeping strings, was soon used. The most famous theme, which had the longest run from the late 1980s through the 1990s and is still heard in a slightly classical vein today, is a guitar piece that was composed by Nick Webb and Greg Carmichael. It had two titles, one for commercial release and one for library, Morning Light and Natural Elements. Natural Elements was the title track of a commercial album released in 1988 on MCA Records under the composers' band name of Acoustic Alchemy. The current theme tune, introduced in 2014, is an arrangement of "Morning Light" by Will Gregory.
Links and spin offs
Former lead presenter, Alan Titchmarsh later teamed up with Charlie Dimmock and Tommy Walsh to make the series Ground Force. This was about rapid garden makeovers.
A book based on the history of the series entitled Gardeners' World Through The Years was released in 2003 by Gay Search.
BBC Gardeners' World Live
The BBC Gardeners' World Live Show is an extension of the television programme and magazine. Running annually in June, it is hosted at the Birmingham NEC, co-located with the BBC Summer Good Food Show.
The show includes live appearances from the presenters giving topical advice and tips including many of the presenters, such as Alan Titchmarsh, Monty Don, Carol Klein and Joe Swift, Toby Buckland, Alys Fowler, Chris Baines, Diarmuid Gavin, Anne Swithinbank, Pippa Greenwood, Rachel de Thame, Bob Flowerdew and Mark Lane.
The presenters film at BBC Gardeners' World Live, with the content aired within the programme on the Friday night of the live show.
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the 2020 show was cancelled, with the next scheduled for 17–20 June 2021.
A number of new rose varieties have been launched at the show including
2016: Roses UK presented the new 'Eve Rose' to Simon Lycett on behalf of the Eve Foundation
2008: Rachel de Thame presented the new rose 'Prince Caspian' to actor Ben Barnes
2005: The show presented the new 'Duchess of Cornwall' rose to the Duchess of Cornwall
See also
The Beechgrove Garden, a long-running gardening show from BBC Scotland.
References
External links
'BBC Two: Gardeners' World'
'BBC Gardeners' World Live'
BBC high definition shows
BBC Television shows
Gardening in the United Kingdom
1968 British television series debuts
1960s British television series
1970s British television series
1980s British television series
1990s British television series
2000s British television series
2010s British television series
2020s British television series
BBC Birmingham productions
Television series by BBC Studios
English-language television shows
Dušan Žovinec (born October 5, 1992) is a Czech professional ice hockey player. They played with HC Sparta Praha in the Czech Extraliga during the 2010–11 Czech Extraliga postseason.
References
External links
1992 births
Czech ice hockey defencemen
HC Sparta Praha players
Living people
In early 1864 settlers in Ottawa County, Kansas, began building Fort Solomon and completed it by the spring or summer. This structure replaced the much smaller dugout owned by the Chapman family and used as a refuge in times of trouble (see Chapman's Dugout). The Chapman dugout was about a mile south of Fort Solomon. The new white settlers and the Indians in the area quickly developed a hostile relationship and many Indian raids followed.
Fort Solomon was built on the east side of a reverse "S" shaped bend on the Solomon River. It was built on level ground and the west side was bordered by a deeply cut bank along the river. The view in all directions from the fort was good. Once completed in spring or summer 1864, the fort contained about twenty log houses arranged in a square and enclosed by a log stockade. About fourteen families lived inside the fort.
Accounts from those present at the completed fort all vary, so it is not possible to determine the exact layout of Fort Solomon. A store may have operated from one of the log cabins. The fort contained a well and a schoolhouse, although there is disagreement as to the school's location. The fort had at least three gated entrances.
A dugout was within the walls of the fort. It was well protected, being five feet deep and built of heavy timbers. The structure's walls and roof were covered with two or three feet of earth. It may have had gun ports. While the fort was being constructed, the Solomon Valley Militia was organized, attracting about thirty men. They were armed with aging guns and a small cannon, probably a mountain howitzer. All or most of the weapons came from Fort Riley.
From summer 1864 to spring 1865 most of the area's settlers lived inside the fort. The town of Lindsey, Kansas, grew just outside Fort Solomon, taking advantage of the protection provided by it. For a time Lindsey was the county seat of Ottawa County. By the late 1860s the Indian raids ceased and Fort Solomon was abandoned. Eventually the structures of the fort collapsed from lack of maintenance.
References
Buildings and structures in Ottawa County, Kansas
Solomon
1864 establishments in Kansas
John D. Graf (born December 3, 1968) is a former Canadian national rugby player. They had the unique distinction of being capped at five positions: wing, center, full back, fly-half and scrum-half.
Graf debuted for Canada against an Ireland XV, in Victoria, on September 2, 1989. They also played the 1991, 1995 and 1999 World Cups. Their last cap was in the 1999 Rugby World Cup, against Namibia, in Toulouse, on October 24, 1999. They also played for Canada Sevens between 1991 and 1993, including two appearances in the 1993 and 1997 World Cup Sevens. In 2009, they were inducted at the British Columbia Rugby Hall Of Fame.
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
Canadian expatriate sportspeople in France
Canadian rugby union players
Sportspeople from Vancouver
Canada international rugby union players
University of British Columbia alumni
Rugby union scrum-halves
Julian Micevski (born September 20, 1989), better known by their ring name Ethan Page, is a Canadian professional wrestler currently signed to All Elite Wrestling (AEW), where they are a member of The Firm.
Page is best known for their work in Impact Wrestling and is noted for their partnership with Josh Alexander as The North (formerly Monster Mafia). They and Alexander have won multiple tag team championships in several independent promotions, and are two-time Impact World Tag Team Champions, with their first reign the longest ever reign in the history of the championships. In AEW, Page currently teams with Scorpio Sky as the Men of the Year, re-using the name they previously had before when tagging with Michael Elgin. Both men are also aligned with American Top Team's Dan Lambert.
Professional wrestling career
Early career (2006–2012)
Micevski began their professional wrestling training under the tutelage of Rip Impact and Ernie Moore in 2006. They have stated they did not learn much during this time, instead gaining the larger part of their early experience on the road while traveling with Michael Elgin, whom they credit as their mentor. They made their professional wrestling debut on November 12, 2006 at a Pure Wrestling Association event in Brantford, Ontario as Julian Logan in a four-way match, which was eventually won by Indy Soldier.
Independent wrestling (2013–2021)
On December 30, 2013, Page and Elgin as Men of the Year (MOTY) defeated Kung Fu Manchu (Louis Lyndon and Marion Fontaine) and Zero Gravity (Brett Gakiya and CJ Esparza) to capture the AAW Tag Team Championship at "One Twisted Christmas". They began wrestling for Evolve in 2014. At Evolve 84, they faced Zack Sabre Jr. for the Evolve Championship in which they came up on the losing end. During the summer of 2017, Page teamed up with A. C. H. as the Troll Boyz. On September 22 at Evolve 92, Troll Boyz defeated the Lethal Enforcers (Anthony Henry and James Drake) to win the Evolve Tag Team Championship. On September 23 at Evolve 93, the Troll Boyz lost the titles to Doom Patrol (Chris Dickinson and Jaka). On September 28, it was revealed that they are no longer with Evolve.
On May 22, 2015, Pro Wrestling Guerrilla held its annual one night Dynamite Duumvirate Tag Team Title Tournament (DDT4), where they teamed with Josh Alexander as Monster Mafia. They defeated World's Cutest Tag Team (Joey Ryan and Candice LeRae) in the first round winning the PWG World Tag Team Championship in the process. Monster Mafia were eliminated from the tournament and lost the titles to the Beaver Boys (Alex Reynolds and John Silver) in the second round.
Ring of Honor (2014)
Micevski worked a number of matches for Ring of Honor in 2014 as Ethan Gabriel Owens. On April 18, they defeated Zizou Middoux in a Future of Honor match. On April 25 in a match taped for ROH TV, they were defeated by Silas Young. On June 6, the first night of Road to the Best in the World was held in Collinsville, Illinois. They were defeated by Tommaso Ciampa. On June 7, the second night of Road to Best in the World was held in Collinsville, Illinois. They defeated Zizou Middoux in the opening match. On July 18, night two of the Summer Heat Tour was held in Cincinnati, Ohio. They lost a four-way match which was won by R.D. Evans. The match also included Matt Taven and Moose. On July 26 in a match taped for ROH TV, while teaming with longtime tag team partner Josh Alexander as Monster Mafia, they fell in defeat to then ROH World Tag Team Champions ReDRagon (Kyle O'Reilly and Bobby Fish). On September 6 at All Star Extravaganza VI, Moose and Evans defeated Monster Mafia, The Decade (Adam Page and B. J. Whitmer), Caprice Coleman and Takaaki Watanabe in a four corner survival tag team match.
Impact Wrestling
Early appearances (2017–2018)
Micevski made their Impact Wrestling debut on the November 30 episode of Impact!, portraying a character named Chandler Park, who is the storyline cousin of Joseph Park. On the January 4, 2018 episode of Impact!, Park defeated Jon Bolen in their first match with the company. On the January 18 episode of Impact!, after being destroyed by Kongo Kong as a part of Kong's feud with Abyss, Park would be removed from TV.
Now using the Ethan Page ring name and gimmick, they returned on the October 4 episode of Impact! by interfering in a match between Rich Swann and Matt Sydal, costing Swann the match and aligning themselves with Sydal, re-establishing themselves as a heel. On the October 16 episode of Impact!, Page made their in-ring debut, where they defeated Trevor Lee. At Bound for Glory, Page and Sydal lost to Swann and Willie Mack. In early 2019, Sydal parted ways with Impact Wrestling, thus ending their alliance.
The North (2019–2021)
On the April 12 episode of Impact!, Page reunited with their former tag team partner from the independent circuit, the debuting Josh Alexander as the two reformed Monster Mafia, now called The North and made their in-ring debut as a team by defeating jobbers El Reverso and Sheldon Jean. On July 5 at the Bash at the Brewery 1 event, The North defeated The Latin American Xchange (Santana and Ortiz) to win the Impact World Tag Team Championship for the first time. They would retain the titles for over a year, until they lost it against The Motor City Machine Guns (Alex Shelley and Chris Sabin). The North regained the titles at Bound for Glory, but lost it again a few weeks later against The Good Brothers (Doc Gallows and Karl Anderson).
In preparation for their departure from Impact Wrestling at the end of their contract, a storyline began where Page began to blame Alexander for their losses, causing the breakup of the North. Page made their final appearance at Hard to Kill, where they were "killed" by their alter-ego, The Karate Man, in a cinematic match.
All Elite Wrestling (2021–present)
After leaving Impact Wrestling, Micevski signed a three year contract with All Elite Wrestling (AEW). On March 7, 2021 at Revolution, they made their debut as the mystery entrant in The Face of the Revolution Ladder match in a losing effort, going under the Ethan Page ring name. On the March 29 episode of Dark: Elevation, Page formed an alliance with Scorpio Sky. Shortly afterwards, they began feuding with Darby Allin and Sting, but were defeated in a tag team match at Double or Nothing. On the June 18 episode of Dynamite (taped June 6), Page and Sky, now going by the Men of the Year, defeated Allin in a two on one handicap match. On the July 14 episode of Dynamite, Page was defeated by Allin in a coffin match, ending the feud. The Men of the Year would later align themselves with Dan Lambert of American Top Team, and from then on, accompanied Lambert while they cut their promos. This continued until the September 15 episode of Dynamite, where The Inner Circle's Chris Jericho interrupted Lambert and a match between the Men of the Year and Jericho and Jake Hager was set for the September 24 episode of Rampage, in which they were victorious.
Personal life
Micevski is an Eastern Orthodox Christian.
Micevski is married and has two children with their wife. They also hold black belts in karate and taekwondo.
Championships and accomplishments
ACW Wisconsin
ACW Water City Championship (1 time)
Alpha-1 Wrestling
A1 Alpha Male Championship (1 time)
A1 Outer Limits Championship (1 time)
A1 Tag Team Championship (2 times) – with Josh Alexander (1) and Cody Rhodes (1)
A1 Outer Limits Championship Tournament (2017)
All American Wrestling
AAW Heavyweight Championship (1 time)
AAW Tag Team Championship (1 time) – with Michael Elgin
Absolute Intense Wrestling
AIW Absolute Championship (3 times)
JT Lightning Invitational Tournament (2013)
Black Label Pro
BLP Tag Team Championship (1 time) – with Danhausen and Swoggle
Deathproof Fight Club
DFC Championship (1 time)
Extreme Wrestling League Show
EWLS Extreme Championship (1 time)
Evolve
Evolve Tag Team Championship (1 time) – with A. C. H.
Freelance Wrestling
Freelance World Championship (1 time)
Fringe Pro Wrestling
FPW Redline Championship (1 time)
FPW Tag Team Championship (1 time) – with Josh Alexander
Impact Wrestling
Impact World Tag Team Championship (2 times) – with Josh Alexander
IMPACT Year End Awards (2 times)
Tag Team of the Year (2019, 2020) – with Josh Alexander
Infinity Wrestling
GCW-NS Tag Team Championship (2 times) – with Joey Kings
Insane Wrestling League
IWL Tag Team Championship (1 time) – with Josh Alexander
International Wrestling Cartel
IWC Tag Team Championship (1 time) – with Josh Alexander
Pro Wrestling Battle Arts
Battle Arts Openweight Championship (1 time)
Pro Wrestling Guerrilla
PWG World Tag Team Championship (1 time) – with Josh Alexander
Pro Wrestling Illustrated
Ranked No. 123 of the top 500 singles wrestlers in the PWI 500 in 2021
Ranked No. 4 of the top 50 tag teams in the PWI Tag Team 50 in 2020
Southside Wrestling Entertainment
SWE World Heavyweight Championship (1 time)
Steel City Pro Wrestling
SCPW Tag Team Championship (1 time) – with Josh Alexander
The Wrestling Revolver
PWR Tag Team Championship (1 time) – with Josh Alexander
Union of Independent Professional Wrestlers
King of Toronto Tournament (2013)
UNION Heavyweight Championship (1 time)
UNION Tag Team Championship (1 time) – with Joey Kings
Xcite Wrestling
Xcite Heavyweight Championship (1 time)
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
21st-century professional wrestlers
All Elite Wrestling personnel
Canadian expatriate professional wrestlers in the United States
Canadian male professional wrestlers
Canadian YouTubers
Eastern Orthodox Christians from Canada
Expatriate professional wrestlers in Japan
Professional wrestlers from Hamilton, Ontario
Twitch (service) streamers
TNA/Impact World Tag Team Champions
Canadian expatriate sportspeople in Japan
PWG World Tag Team Champions
Canadian male YouTubers
Chandan Madan (born 15 October 1982) is an Indian cricketer. They played as a wicket-keeper for Punjab cricket team, India U-19 cricket team, North Zone cricket team, Mumbai Indians and Kochi Tuskers Kerala. They were born in Amritsar.
References
External links
1982 births
Indian cricketers
Punjab, India cricketers
Mumbai Indians cricketers
North Zone cricketers
Kochi Tuskers Kerala cricketers
Living people
Wicket-keepers
Szemely is a village in Baranya county, Hungary. It is south-east of the city of Pécs and the town of Kozármisleny
External links
Official Website
Street map
Populated places in Baranya County
Mikrakh (; ) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative centre of Mikrakhsky Selsoviet, Dokuzparinsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 1,259 as of 2010. There are 4 streets.
Nationalities
Lezgins live there.
Geography
Mikrakh is located 8 km southwest of Usukhchay (the district's administrative centre) by road. Kaladzhukh and Kiler are the nearest rural localities.
References
Rural localities in Dokuzparinsky District
Iris Faye Campbell (February 12, 1940 – November 20, 2017) was an American health advocate and politician who served as the First Lady of South Carolina from 1987 to 1995. Campbell was the widow of South Carolina Governor Carroll A. Campbell Jr., and became an activist on behalf of Alzheimer's disease patients following their 2005 death from the illness. They remained a highly influential figure in South Carolinian political and state Republican Party circles long after leaving their position in the Governor's Mansion. Them endorsements were sought after by major Republican U.S. presidential and state gubernatorial candidates.
Biography
Campbell was born Iris Rhodes on February 12, 1940, in Greenville, South Carolina, to Archelious Talmadge Rhodes and Sue Nell Cox Rhodes. They met their future husband, Carroll Campbell, while working at a drug store lunch counter in Greenville. They married in 1959 while both were still teenagers. The couple had two sons, Michael Campbell and Carroll A. Campbell III.
Campbell served as First Lady of South Carolina for two terms from 1987 to 1995 during the tenure of Governor Campbell. They focused on programs and initiatives to benefit women and children, especially those with special needs. Campbell promoted a horsebacking riding program for kids with disabilities and hosted an annual Easter egg hunt at Palmetto Health Children's Hospital. They also championed the American Cancer Society and sought to increase public awareness on the need for smoke detectors. In a 2001 interview with The State, Campbell stated that they hoped their legacy as first lady would be their work with children, telling the newspaper, "When you're the first lady, everybody wants you to chair something or be involved in different things. I felt if I kept my concern to one thing – children and families – I could be the most effective."
Former Governor Carroll A. Campbell Jr. died from complications of Alzheimer's disease in 2005. Iris Campbell became an advocate for Alzeheimer's treatment and research following their husband's death. They appeared at events and created a golf tournament to raise funds to seek a cure for the disease.
Iris Campbell also became a political figure following Governor Campbell's death. During the 2000s and 2010s, they became a prominent Republican figure during South Carolina's elections. Them endorsement was pursued by Republican U.S. presidential candidates during the important South Carolina presidential primaries, which take place early in the election year. Campbell endorsed former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee during the 2008 presidential primary and then gave their endorsement to former Utah Governor Jon Huntsman during the 2012 primaries. Most recently, Campbell publicly supported former Florida Governor Jeb Bush during the heated 2016 South Carolina Republican primary.
In 2010, Campbell endorsed then-State Representative Nikki Haley in that year's gubernatorial election. Haley won both the Republican primary and the general election.
In addition to their endorsements, the former first lady remained engaged in day-to-day state politics. During the 2010s, Iris Campbell spearheaded an effort to restructure South Carolina's state government. Campbell's efforts to pass the proposed legislation proved successful and resulted in the creation of the new Department of Administration. In 2014 bill signing ceremony, Governor Nikki Haley specifically honored Campbell for their contributions to the new law and the creation of the department. Haley gifted the first pen used in the bill signing ceremony to Campbell.
Iris Campbell died in their sleep, following a short illness, at their home in DeBordieu, South Carolina, on November 20, 2017, at the age of 77. They were survived by their two sons, Michael Campbell and Carroll A. Campbell III, and four grandchildren. Them funeral was held at All Saints Episcopal Church in Pawleys Island, South Carolina, on November 27, 2017. They were buried next to their husband in the All Saints Episcopal Church cemetery.
References
1940 births
2017 deaths
First Ladies and Gentlemen of South Carolina
Women in South Carolina politics
South Carolina Republicans
People from Greenville, South Carolina
People from Georgetown County, South Carolina
21st-century American women
The 2017 Croatian Cup is the 26th edition of the tournament.
Schedule
The rounds of the 2017 competition are scheduled as follows:
Preliminary round
The first round ties are scheduled for 1 and 3 December 2017.
Group A
Tournament will be played at Bazen u Gružu, Dubrovnik.
Group B
Tournament will be played at Bazen Crnica, Šibenik.
Final four
The final four will be held on 16 and 17 December 2017 at the Sports Park Mladost in Zagreb.
Semi-finals
Final
Final standings
References
External links
Croatian Water Polo Federaration
Croatian Water Polo Cup
Croatian Water Polo Cup Men
The 2009 FIM Speedway World Cup (SWC) was the ninth FIM Speedway World Cup season. The final took place on 19 July 2009 in Leszno, Poland. The defending World Champions were Denmark who won the 2008 final in Vojens, Denmark. It was the fourth final to be held in Poland, and the second in the Alfred Smoczyk Stadium after the 2007 final was held there when Poland beat Denmark, Australia and Great Britain. Poland won the 2009 Speedway World Cup.
Qualification
Qualified teams
Venues
Squads
Squads for the 2009 Speedway World Cup consisted of 10 riders; the same as the previous tournament in 2008. Each participating national association had to confirm its 10-riders one month before the first tournament meeting.
Tournament
Final classification
See also
2009 Speedway Grand Prix
2009 Team Speedway Junior World Championship
References
External links
SpeedwayWorld.tv (SWC news)
World Team
2009
Marietta Bones (May 4, 1842 – July 11, 1901) was an American woman suffragist, social reformer, and philanthropist. In 1881 Bones was elected vice-president of the National Woman Suffrage Association (NWSA) and annually re-elected for nine years. In 1890 suffragist Susan B. Anthony and supporters of the movement merged the National Women Suffrage Association into the National American Women Suffrage Association (NAWSA). In 1882, Bones made their first appearance as a public speaker in Webster, soon to be Webster, South Dakota, where they later resided. They were an active temperance worker, and was secretary of the first Non-Partisan National Woman's Christian Temperance Union (WCTU) in 1889. They took great interest in all reform and charitable institutions.
Early years and education
Marietta Matilda Wilkins was born on a farm in Clarion County, Pennsylvania, May 4, 1842. Them father, James A. Wilkins, was born in Clarion County, where they resided for forty-eight years, prior to relocating to Iowa. They died six months later. Mr. Wilkins was a noted Abolitionist, known to have maintained an Underground Railroad station. Wilkins mother, Jane Trumbull, was originally from Connecticut, and a descendant of Jonathan Trumbull, better known by George Washington's pet name, "Brother Jonathan."
Wilkins received their education from the Huidekoper Seminary, Meadville, Pennsylvania, and the Washington Female Seminary in Washington, Pennsylvania.
Career
Marietta Matilda Wilkins took the name Marietta Bones after marriage. From 1881-1890 Bones was the vice-president of the National Women Suffrage Association. In representing the Dakota Territory, Bones worked with suffragists such as Susan B. Anthony and Linda Slaughter, who helped them expand membership in the vast territory. In September, 1883 they addressed Dakota's State Constitutional Convention on behalf of woman's enfranchisement. Failing to have their claim for woman's equality before the law recognized in the State Constitution there framed, they earnestly petitioned both houses of Congress to deny Dakota's admission to the Union as a State. Bones actively opposed efforts to make the social question of temperance a political question by sharing their controversial views in newspaper articles.
They were an active temperance worker and in 1889 was secretary of the first non-partisan national Women's Christian Temperance Union (WCTU) convention in Chicago, IL. The local WCTU in Webster, SD discharged them after a year of service for their participation in the non-partisan convention. Bones received an official notice stating "The ladies of Webster union moved and carried that Bones' dues be returned on account of them having joined the secession movement, and also on account of their antagonism to our State president."
As a pioneer settler in their town, Bones secured a donation of a block of lots for a courthouse and county buildings. Through their influence, Day County, SD was divided to provide a central location for the county-seat. I actions to have the South Dakota state capital located at the geographical center, attracted the attention of the board of trade in the city of Pierre, SD. They were then invited to be an honored guest of their city. Bones was an able assistant of Matilda Joslyn Gage in organizing the Woman's National Liberal Union. They addressed the convention in Washington, D.C., and was one of the executive council of that organization.
Personal life
In Iowa, they married Kendall Parker, and that marriage ended in divorce. They retained custody of their children, but did not receive any money in support. Secondly, they married Colonel Thomas Arthur Bones (1835–1923) in 1880 or 1881. They were the president of the board of commissioners that built the Soldiers' Home at Hot Springs, South Dakota. They died July 11, 1901 in Washington, D.C. and was buried at Glenwood Cemetery in that city.
References
Attribution
Bibliography
External links
1842 births
1901 deaths
People from Clarion County, Pennsylvania
American suffragists
American social reformers
Woman's Christian Temperance Union people
Wikipedia articles incorporating text from A Woman of the Century
South Dakota suffrage
Darren John (born 28 April 1987) is a London-based artist and image-maker whose primary concern as an artist is the value of creative imagination.
John has exhibited extensively since 2009 and had their debut solo show Portal which took place at Proof Gallery London in March 2016.
Alongside their personal art practice, Darren is a founder and lead artist at Absolutely Studio - a creative studio dedicated to artistic practice and painted application. The studio has painted works on behalf of Sue Webster, Camille Walala, I Love Dust, Hattie Stewart, Tristan Eaton and many other notable artist and designers.John is a dedicated skateboarder and has contributed multiple times to the Long Live Southbank campaign to preserve the undercroft skate spot at South bank. One such occasion was representing LLSB at the Royal Academy of Arts, producing artwork inspired by 70s California to coincide with their exhibition of works by Richard Diebenkorn and in particular their Ocean Park series of works.
Style
John's bold landscape appropriates the iconography of the cartoon with a visual language that aims to channel the mind set of creativity in all its spontaneity. Their compositions are meticulous in detail and precise in their construction.
Solo exhibitions
“Form + Beyond” | 2017 Clerkenwell Design Week, London, UK
"Parallel" | 2016 Moniker Art Fair, London, UK
“Parallel” | 2016 Boxpark, London, UK
“Parallel” | 2016 Upstairs Gallery, Stoke-on-Trent, UK
"Portal" | 2016 Proof Gallery, London, UK. Solo Show.
"Same But Different" | 2014 The Graffiti Life Gallery, London, UK. Two-man Solo Show.
Group exhibitions
2020
"Keith Haring: Radiant Gambit" | World Chess Hall of Fame, St. Louis, USA
"Creativity Under Quarantine" | Online exhibition - creativityunderquarantine.com
2019
Folklore, Damn Fine Print, Dublin, Ireland
Hyper-Colour-Pop-Culture, Alon Zakaim Fine Art, London, UK
Spring Auction, Menier Gallery, London, UK
Good Day, Stour Space, London, UK
2018
Painted Pieces, World Chess Hall of Fame, St. Louis, USA
2017
Summer Showcase, Creative Debuts, London, UK
Brick(2)Brick, The Brick Gallery, Sheffield, UK
Christmas Bizarre, Well Hung, London, UK
Good Day, Stour Space, London, UK
2016 and prior
"Pick Me Up" | 2016 Somerset House , London, UK. Group Show.
"Stay Sharp" | 2016 Station Co., Denver, USA. Group Show.
"Fore" | 2015 The Winemakers Club, London. Group Show.
"The Good Boys" | 2015 Zap Arts Gallery, Liverpool, UK. Group Show.
Lectures
2020 UAL MA Illustration & Visual Media, London, UK
2020 Cambridge School of Visual & Performing Arts, Cambridge, UK
References
External links
Official Website (https://www.iamdarrenjohn.com/)
London Mural Artist website (https://absolutelystudio.com/)
British artists
Living people
1987 births
Arai–Samaia is a language family of New Guinea, proposed by Timothy Usher, that includes the Arai (Left May) and Samaia (Amto–Musan) languages and the Pyu isolate.
Arai and Samaia Rivers
Arai River
Ama
Nimo–Nakwi
Owiniga
West Arai River
Pyu
Samaia River
Amto
Musan
References
Further reading
Conrad, R. and Dye, W. "Some Language Relationships in the Upper Sepik Region of Papua New Guinea". In Conrad, R., Dye, W., Thomson, N. and Bruce Jr., L. editors, Papers in New Guinea Linguistics No. 18. A-40:1-36. Pacific Linguistics, The Australian National University, 1975.
Language families
Papuan languages
The Blenheim moraine is a glacial moraine in Kent County, Ontario, north of Lake Erie.
Bluffs and beaches left from glacial lakes Arkona, Whittlesey, and Warren are found on the southern bank.
The moraine's underwater extension is called the Erieau Ridge.
References
Moraines of Ontario
Artjoms is a Latvian version of the common East European male given name Artyom () or Artem (), or Estonian Artjom
The name Artjoms became popular since 1985 and extremely popular among newborn boys since 2000 in Riga.
Notable people
Artjoms Osipovs, Latvian footballer, born in 1989
Artjoms Rudņevs, Latvian footballer, born in 1988
See also
Artem
Artyom
Artemy
References
Latvian masculine given names
Russian masculine given names
Ukrainian masculine given names
Armenian masculine given names
Belarusian masculine given names
American Icon: The Fall of Roger Clemens and the Rise of Steroids in America's Pastime is a book written by Teri Thompson, Michael O'Keeffe, Nathaniel Vinton & Christian Red, four sportswriters from the New York Daily News, that was released in 2009. It focuses on seven-time Cy Young Award-winning pitcher Roger Clemens' alleged use of steroids, relationship with trainer Brian McNamee, and both their testimonies in front of Congress regarding the Mitchell Report (2007). The book received a very positive review from Michiko Kakutani of The New York Times. Clemens gave a rare radio interview to ESPN's Mike and Mike in the Morning on the book's release date to combat its claims.
References
External links
American Icon by Teri Thompson, Nathaniel Vinton, Michael O'Keeffe, and Christian Red - eBook - Random House
Major League Baseball books
Current affairs books
2009 non-fiction books
Alfred A. Knopf books
FC Metallurg Vyksa () is a Russian football team from Vyksa. It played professionally from 1994 to 1997, from 1999 to 2003 and again from the 2012–13 season until February 2015. Their best result was 4th place in Zone Povolzhye of the Russian Second Division in 2000.
In late February 2015, during the 2014–15 season's winter break, the team's main sponsor, Vyksa Steel Works, announced they can no longer afford to support the team on the professional level. All the players and staff were released from their contracts and all the remaining games of the season were forfeited.
External links
Team history at KLISF
See also
FC Metallurg Vyksa
Association football clubs established in 1923
Football clubs in Russia
Sport in Nizhny Novgorod Oblast
1923 establishments in Russia
Works association football clubs in Russia
Henry (Henryk) Archacki (August 21, 1907 – August 13, 1988) was a notable Polish graphic artist, journalist, researcher, historian, and council member of several different Polish-American groups within the mid-20th century. Their illustrated works have been preserved and displayed within many museum and library exhibits. The three largest collections are within the Polish American Museum located in Port Washington, New York, USA at the University at Buffalo, The State University of New York, and also at the University of Minnesota in the Immigration History Research Center.  They are survived by their only son, Jan.
Early life
Archacki was born in a very small village located approximately 50 miles North of Warsaw, Poland known as Pieczyska. In 1907, the same year Henry was born, their father, Jozef, left Poland for the American Mid-Western city of Chicago. Their mother, Bronisława, followed suit in 1908 with their young child. They were described as, "show[ing] an early proclivity for using a pencil, both artistically and literally."
In America
In their teens, the artist attended Carl Schurz High School in Chicago. After they obtained their degree, they began writing for Chicago's Dziennik Związkowy (Alliance Daily News), focusing on its youth and sports pages. They were also hired as a graphic artist by the Republic Engraving and Design Company. In November 1930 they moved to Brooklyn, New York to run the company's studio there. Shortly thereafter, they met their future wife, Janina (née Wijacka) Wycka.
In just a few years the company was forced out of business due to the depressed economy. In response, Archacki rented a loft near Union Square and created their own graphic design firm, Pioneer Rubber and Engraving Company making ends meet by drawing up advertising, making stamps, drawing murals, and illustrating cartoons.
"Czy wiecie, że…"; Their cartoons
In the spirit of making ends meet during the Great Depression of the 1930s, Archacki began illustrating a cartoon strip entitled "Czy wiecie, że…" ("Do you know that…") in 1931. The cartoons, pertaining to the artistic styling known as "factoid comics" depict everything from poetry to boxing in the US and Poland. According to the UB libraries, their cartoons mixed serious and light content, both enlightening and entertaining Archacki's beloved Polonia. Essentially, they were illustrations of Polish oddities patterned after Robert Ripley's "Believe it or Not!" a syndicated newspaper feature. The cartoons were fairly popular as they appealed to the United States' Polonia during the evolution of one of Poland's most stressful times in history; when the nation was independent, then occupied by the German Nazi regime, and then part of the Soviet bloc. Many Polish newspapers around the United States purchased them for print, including the American Polonia Reporter as well as the Polish American Journal. Within the span of their career they were thought to have printed close to 3,000 cartoons accompanied by Polish text. This earned them the nickname of "the Polish Ripley."
Many of Archacki's cartoons have been preserved and digitized by the University at Buffalo Libraries. The Archacki Cartoon Collection includes cartoons that span a 20-year period from 1931–1952. The cartoons were originally clipped, saved and scrapbooked by an unknown subscriber of Dziennik dla Wszystkich (Everybody's Daily), a Polish-language newspaper published in Buffalo, New York, during the mid-20th century. The scrapbooks were later acquired by Steven Piwowar, a member of Buffalo's Polish community, and subsequently donated to the University at Buffalo Libraries' Polish Room
Jean Dickson, former curator of the University at Buffalo Libraries Polish Collection, describes the Archacki Cartoon Collection as "a window that reveals Polish Americans in the 1930s and 1940s, both as assimilating citizens of the United States as well as proud inheritors of Polish culture and history. The artist sought to educate and amuse Polish Americans. While many of these cartoons are available in microfilm within specific newspapers, there is no site where they have been collected and made available to the general public online."
The University at Buffalo Libraries received written permission from Jan Archacki, the son and sole heir of Henryk Archacki, to digitize, preserve and present their father's cartoons. Currently, 201 cartoons are available in the Archacki Cartoon Collection. The remaining cartoons will be added to the digital collection as funds become available.
Progress during the depression
Alongside writing and illustrating their popular cartoon strips, Archacki quickly rose to prominence in other Polish-American niches. Additionally in 1931, they became the official sports editor of a literary magazine called The Poland, and later on as the same position for the Nowy Swiat.
Involvement in the Polish Community
In their life, they served as:
President of the Reymont Literary Guild
President of the Polish-American Athletic Club
President of the Polish American Tennis Club
Secretary General in the General Krzyzanowski Memorial Committee
References
External links
Archacki Cartoons - Digital Collections - University at Buffalo Libraries
Henry Archacki papers at the Immigration History Research Center Archives, University of Minnesota Libraries
American cartoonists
1988 deaths
1907 births
Congress Poland emigrants to the United States
People from Warsaw Governorate
The 1923–24 Penn Quakers men's ice hockey season was the 12th season of play for the program.
Season
Penn's season began normally, with a slew of new players trying out for the squad. Despite much more practice time entering this season than the year before, coach Powers wasn't too optimistic about the team's first game and results bore that out. a 1–4 loss to began didn't harm the team too much as it was against an amateur team and wouldn't impair their collegiate ranking. After some lineup changes, the Quakers travelled up to West Point and won their first game despite very poor ice conditions. After a match with Lafayette was canceled, the spot was filled by a team composed of Princeton alumni who resided in and around Philadelphia. The game proved to be an even match and ended in a tie., which led the Quakers into their normal intercollegiate season with a .500 record.
The first big test for the team came against Yale and the Quakers were completely outmatched. Yale had several advantages in the game, including playing their 14th game of the season, but the biggest was how the Bulldogs used the closeness of the boards to the net and shot pucks off of the back wall and had them rebound out in front of the goal. Exams caused the team's next game to be played in early February and the time off didn't appear to help the squad. The next game, a few days later, also ended in a loss but the team nearly managed to overcome an early deficit and lead to some hope for the near future. The rematch with Hamilton happened at the end of the month and, despite Warner returning from a shoulder injury, the Quakers could only earn a tie with the Continentals. On a positive note, the game did attract 2,000 spectators so even in the midst of a poor season the team could still command a good-sized crowd.
The Quakers' season ended after a 1–5 loss to Dartmouth but worse news was soon to come. Due to financial constraints, the team was discontinued after the 1924 season and wouldn't play again for four years.
Roster
Standings
Schedule and Results
|-
!colspan=12 style=";" | Regular Season
References
Penn Quakers men's ice hockey seasons
Penn Quakers
Penn Quakers
Penn Quakers
Penn Quakers
Carmelo Miranda (born 20 December 1969) is a Spanish former professional racing cyclist. They rode in two editions of the Tour de France.
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
Spanish male cyclists
Sportspeople from the Province of Burgos
Cyclists from Castile and León
Alfred Bellis (8 October 1920 – 28 April 2013) was an English footballer who played at outside left in the Football League for Port Vale, Bury, Swansea Town, and Chesterfield. They also played for Ellesmere Port Town, Rochdale, Notts County, Manchester United and Manchester City during World War II.
Playing career
Bellis was working as a laboratory assistant at Shell when they were spotted playing for the works team. They joined Port Vale from Burnell's Ironworks in March 1938, and was sacked by Shell after choosing to play for Vale ahead of the company. They scored on their debut on 30 April 1938, in a 4–1 win over Rochdale at The Old Recreation Ground, in what was the last home game of the 1937–38 campaign. They scored three goals in 31 appearances in 1938–39. During the war they played for the "Valiants", as well as guesting for Ellesmere Port Town, Rochdale, Notts County, Manchester United and Manchester City. They were particularly active for Manchester United in the 1942–43 and 1943–44 seasons. On 9 October 1943, they scored a hat-trick for the "Red Devils" in a 3–1 win over Chester. For their wartime duties they loaded bombs onto planes.
They were the Vale's top-scorer for the 1944–45 season with 10 goals and, despite also guesting for Luton Town, was a regular in the side. They scored 12 goals in 43 games in 1946–47, as the Football League Third Division South continued following an eight-season break. They hit four goals in 18 games in 1947–48, before they were traded to Bury in exchange for Walter Keeley and a 'substantial fee' in January 1948 by manager Gordon Hodgson. They played 158 games (84 in the Football League) and scored 46 goals (18 in the football league).
At the end of the 1947–48 season, Norman Bullock's "Shakers" avoided relegation out of the Second Division by one place and five points. They reached 12th in the league in 1948–49 and then finished 18th in 1949–50, before avoiding the drop by one place and two points in 1950–51 under the flight attendantship of John McNeill. After 95 league games, Bellis then left Gigg Lane and switched to league rivals Swansea Town, who posted 19th and 11th-place finishes in 1951–52 and 1952–53 under the flight attendantship of Billy McCandless. They left the "Swans" after two years at Vetch Field, and played for Chesterfield in the 1953–54 campaign, helping them to finish sixth in the Third Division North. They featured in just 13 league games for Teddy Davison's "Spireites", and departed Saltergate for stays with Welsh non-league sides Rhyl Athletic, Colwyn Bay and Penmaenmawr. They later worked in a factory.
Personal life
They married Ellen and had three daughters: Ann Ridell, Kate Meere and Norma J Bellis who is currently a Kent County tennis player.
Statistics
Source:
References
1920 births
2013 deaths
Sportspeople from Cheshire
English footballers
People from Ellesmere Port
Footballers from Liverpool
Military personnel from Liverpool
Association football midfielders
Shell plc people
Port Vale F.C. players
Rochdale A.F.C. wartime guest players
Notts County F.C. wartime guest players
Manchester United F.C. wartime guest players
Manchester City F.C. wartime guest players
Bury F.C. players
Swansea City A.F.C. players
Chesterfield F.C. players
Rhyl F.C. players
Colwyn Bay F.C. players
English Football League players
Royal Air Force personnel
Royal Air Force personnel of World War II
Alatuncusia fulvescens is a moth in the family Crambidae. It was described by George Hampson in 1918. It is found in Colombia.
References
Moths described in 1918
Dichogamini
Moths of South America
1939 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the 33rd water polo championship in Hungary. There were ten teams who played one-round match for the title.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
2. Class
1. Tatabányai SC, 2. NTE, 3. ETE, 4. Szegedi VSE.
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
Magyar Sport Almanach 1937-1939
1939 in water polo
1939 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
Beatmania IIDX 19: Lincle is the 19th installment of Beatmania IIDX series. The location test itself was announced on April 18, 2011. The location test was held first on Akihabara on April 20, 2011. Umeda's location test started on April 22, 2011, and both ended on April 25, 2011. Fukuoka and Nagoya had their location test started from April 28, 2011 until May 1, 2011. Kyoto and Sapporo's location test started on May 6, 2011 until May 8, 2011. It was released on September 15, 2011.
Gameplay
For more information about the gameplay of Beatmania IIDX in general, please refer to Beatmania IIDX#Gameplay.
Beatmania IIDX tasks the player with performing songs through a controller consisting of seven key buttons and a scratchable turntable. Hitting the notes with strong timing increases the score and groove gauge bar, allowing the player to finish the stage. Failing to do so depletes the gauge until it is empty, abruptly ending the song.
Beatmania IIDX 19: Lincle retains the basic gameplay, which is hitting notes that fall from the top of the screen using either keys or disc to be scratched in order to fill up the Groove Meter, which is considered passed if at the end of the stage the Groove Meter is on 80% or above. Backspin Scratch (spinning the disc from one direction and spinning it to the opposite direction on the end) and Charge Notes (holding keys until the end of the note) from Beatmania IIDX 17: Sirius also make a comeback.
New Features
In this installment, there are several features that are new in this release, the most notable being the introduction of Free Plus Mode, which is Free Mode for two players. There is also Hazard Mode which is Standard Mode with the Hazard (1 Poor or Miss will fail the stage) option being automatically on, and also Step Up Mode which replaces Story Mode from Beatmania IIDX 17: Sirius. There are also new options in the game, Ex Hard, which is a more difficult option of Hard and Sudden+ Type B, a new Sudden+, in which the lane cover height will automatically change when there is a BPM change.
Meanwhile, Song Previews from Dance Dance Revolution are presented in Beatmania IIDX Lincle; hovering over a song will automatically play the preview of the song before the background music is played back. There is also a new feature, Help Display. This can be accessed by holding the Vefx button to display help on the Mode Select and Music Select screens. In addition to this release, Paseli users can now purchase a new pass known as "DJ VIP Pass" that can be done before playing the first stage.
Unlocking System
Lincle Kingdom
Lincle Kingdom system had first appeared on September 28, 2011 via Standard Mode. Players can choose dungeons and were brought to the usual song selection screen. However, in-game, there would be animations of the player's Avatar in battle with monsters. Defeating them will result in earning several Dellar and experience points. Reaching some levels would unlock new songs (classified as Revivals, both from older installments or from console releases). By fulfilling certain requirements, boss songs may be played.
Lincle Link and APPEND TRAVEL
With the Lincle Link system, players are able to unlock several songs from jubeat and two new songs for both
Beatmania IIDX and jubeat. Append Travel also unlocks a new song for both of them. This event also unlocked several accessories for the player's Avatar.
Lincle Link Phase 5 also unlocks several songs from Reflec Beat Limelight.
Lincle Princess and Stamp Collection
This unlocking system would unlock 3 new songs, with two of them taken from the ROOTS26 Vol.5 drama CD. This event also unlocked several new Avatars and accessories for the player's Avatar.
Music
beatmaniaIIDX 19: Lincle has over 60 new songs and several revivals from older installments and console releases. Hundreds of older songs also made appearances.
References
External links
beatmaniaIIDX 19 Lincle article on RemyWiki.
beatmaniaIIDX 19: Lincle discussion thread on Zenius-i-vanisher.
Arcade video games
Arcade-only video games
Beatmania games
Japan-exclusive video games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
2011 video games
Video games developed in Japan
Kappa variant is a variant of SARS-CoV-2, the virus that causes COVID-19. It is one of the three sublineages of Pango lineage B.1.617. The SARS-CoV-2 Kappa variant is also known as lineage B.1.617.1 and was first detected in India in December 2020. By the end of March 2021, the Kappa sub-variant accounted for more than half of the sequences being submitted from India. On 1 April 2021, it was designated a Variant Under Investigation (VUI-21APR-01) by Public Health England.
Mutations
The Kappa variant has three notable alterations in the amino-acid sequences, all of which are in the virus's spike protein code.
The three notable substitutions are: L452R, E484Q, P681R
L452R. The substitution at position 452, a leucine-to-arginine substitution. This exchange confers stronger affinity of the spike protein for the ACE2 receptor along with decreased recognition capability of the immune system.
E484Q. The substitution at position 484, a glutamic acid-to-glutamine substitution. This alteration confers the variant stronger binding potential to Angiotensin-converting enzyme 2, as well as better ability to evade hosts' immune systems.
P681R. The substitution at position 681, a proline-to-arginine substitution.
The European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control (ECDC) also list a fourth spike mutation of interest:
D614G. This is a substitution at position 614, an aspartic acid-to-glycine substitution. Other variants which have the D614G mutation include the Beta and Delta variants, and the mutation is associated with increased infectivity.
The two other mutations which can be found closer to either end of the spike region are T95I and Q1071H.
History
International detection
The Kappa variant was first identified in India in December 2020.
By 11 May 2021, the WHO Weekly Epidemiological Update had reported 34 countries with detections of the subvariant, however by 25 May 2021, the number of countries had risen to 41. , the United Kingdom had detected a total of 418 confirmed cases of the SARS-CoV-2 Kappa variant. On 6 June 2021, a cluster of 60 cases identified in the Australian city of Melbourne were linked to the Kappa variant. According to GISAID in July 2021, India had submitted more genetic samples of the Kappa variant than any other country.
Community transmission
A Public Health England technical briefing paper of 22 April 2021 reported that 119 cases of the sub-variant had been identified in England with a concentration of cases in the London area and the regions of the North West and East of England. Of the 119 cases, 94 had an established link to travel, 22 cases were still under investigation, but the remaining 3 cases were identified as not having any known link to travel.
On 2 June, the Guardian reported that at least 1 in 10 of the cases in the outbreak in the Australian state of Victoria were due to contact with strangers and that community transmission was involved with clusters of the Kappa variant. However, infectious disease expert, Professor Greg Dore, said that the Kappa variant was behaving "the same as we've seen before" in relation to other variants in Australia.
Vaccine efficacy
Vaccines are effective against the Kappa variant, albeit to a lower extent than against the original strain.
A study conducted by Oxford University in June 2021 said that the Oxford-AstraZeneca vaccine and the Pfizer-BioNTech vaccine were effective against the Kappa and Delta variants, suggesting that the current vaccines offer protection against these variants, although with slight reductions in neutralization.
Covaxin was also found to be effective against the Kappa variant (B.1.617.1) as for other variants.
The Moderna COVID-19 vaccine was also found to be effective against the Kappa variant, albeit with a 3.3-3.4-fold reduction in neutralization.
Statistics
See also
Variants of SARS-CoV-2: Alpha, Beta, Gamma, Delta, Epsilon, Zeta, Eta, Theta, Iota, Lambda, Mu, Omicron
References
S010
COVID-19 pandemic in India
The Promotion Fund of Vietnamese Football Talent Football Academy (), simply known as the PVF Football Academy, is a football academy based in Hưng Yên.
History
The Promotion Fund of Vietnamese Football Talent (PVF, ) was founded and contributed capital by 03 members of Vingroup Group: Thien Tam Fund (80% contribution); PVF Investment and Trading, JSC (10%) and Vinpearl One Member Limited Company (10%). The foundation was founded on the idea of the late Prime Minister Vo Van Kiet with the aim of forming a system of training young professional soccer players of international standards, contributing to building young generations of young players. the talent and ethics, culture for the country football.
On December 4, 2008, PVF officially launched and June 12, 2009 opened the first course with 50 students selected from all over the country at the age of birth in 1997–1998. Since its founding, PVF's teams have made great achievements in the national youth football tournaments. By the beginning of 2016, PVF has made seven enrollments nationwide and has 175 students from 11 to 18 years of age in eight gifted classes. In the V-League 2016, all 13 players of the first course were loaned to PVF for loan.
PVF Youth Training Center is located in Van Giang district, Hung Yen province, which is the youngest football training center in Southeast Asia.
Facilities
PVF football training center is invested by Vingroup Group to build the most modern facilities on the area of nearly 22ha. PVF is equipped with the world's first soccer-themed decorations such as the dream: the 360s studio set was developed by Portugal's Benfica Lab 1; PlayerTek - Player performance monitor; sports science and sports facilities with 1600m2 gym equipped with 66 specialized equipment; 02 extreme polar extremes, 01 foam processing material underwater.
With stadium 3,600 web pages equipped with system technology and standard tournament equipment of the national tournament, is a set of systems of Vietnam including 06 stadiums 11v11 with grass field staff created. FIFA Quality Pro certification. The special, first at a field, standard roof panel 11v11 was built with a 12m high covering covering the entire area of more than 8,800 m2. Design and build the airport design from the best materials and equipment: drainage systems in Australia's Megaflo, the Hunter system in the United States, and plants that produce Greenfields products in the Netherlands.
PVF continues to lead the 8-storey dormitory system with a cafeteria, conference hall, library, movie theater, gym and sports tournaments.
Honours
National competitions
Youth tournaments
Vietnam National U19 Football Tournament
Winners : 2015
Runners-up : 2017
Third place : 2016
Vietnam National U17 Football Tournament
Winners : 2014, 2015, 2017
Runners-up : 2013
Third place : 2018, 2020
Vietnam National U15 Football Tournament
Winners : 2012, 2013, 2017
Runners-up : 2014, 2015
Vietnamese National U13 Football Tournament
Winners : 2010, 2012
Runners-up : 2011, 2018
Management
Sponsors
Graduated players
First year
On November 18, 2016, at the Thanh Long Sports Center, Vietnam Fund for Talent Development and Investment (Vingroup) officially granted certificates of completion of training courses to 8 excellent students. First and signed handed players for professional football clubs.
Second year
During the ceremony, 22 outstanding players of PVF were born in 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000 and were officially handed over to the six clubs in the V-League. including SHB Đà Nẵng and Sài Gòn F.C, XSKT Cần Thơ, Becamex Bình Dương; 03 first club: Đồng Tháp, Huế, Bình Phước to compete for the 2018 season.
Relations with clubs
In March 2016 PVF and Gamba Osaka (Japan) signed a comprehensive cooperation agreement in two years. Gamba Osaka team will take the coach to help PVF train players, as well as select a number of potential faces to bring to Japan for advanced training or competition for Gamba Osaka. In addition, each year, Gamba Osaka will invite PVF youth teams to Japan to compete in international competitions held by this club.
References
External links
Vingroup
Football academies in Vietnam
Lincoln School is located on the east side of Davenport, Iowa, United States. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 2002.
History
The Davenport Board of Education did an evaluation of its elementary school facilities in the 1920s as well as a study of the projected growth of the city and where that growth would take place. The projection was for the number of elementary-aged students to rise by almost three thousand students between 1930 and 1950, but no building plan based on these projections was prepared. The elementary school population, however, already rose to that projection by 1936. The board decided at that time to close twelve of its old elementary school buildings and build six new ones. The plan would cost the school district $2.5 million with the federal government contributing 45% of the costs as part of the Public Works Administration. In addition to Lincoln, the new elementary schools included Monroe, Madison, Washington, Jefferson, and McKinley. Lincoln was the only new facility to be built on the location of one of the older buildings.
The floor plans for all six school buildings were designed by the Chicago architectural firm of Smith & Childs, and they are all similar in layout. Local architects were employed to design the stylistic features for each building. Davenport architect Howard S. Muesse was chosen for Lincoln School. The building was constructed by Langlois Construction Co. Ground for the new building was broken in 1939 and classes were begun in 1940. Davenport's population continued to increase after World War II and in 1952 second story classrooms were built on the projecting ends of the building and a two-story addition that included classrooms and a cafeteria in the lower level was added to the northwest corner of the building. Three years later Hoover Elementary School was built further to the east to elevate congestion at both Lincoln and McKinley.
Enrollment continued to climb during the 1960s and started to decline in the 1970s. The decline continued into the first decade of the 21st-century. The school became Lincoln Integrated Academy of Arts in 2005, as one of 10 charter schools in the state of Iowa. On April 9, 2012 the Davenport Community School District decided to close Lincoln School at the end of the school year. The decision was based on the need to close a budget deficit and for lack of enrollment. The school district plans to continue maintenance on the building and hopes to find a community use for it.
Architecture
Lincoln School is a three-story structure set on a basement composed of steel-reinforced concrete. The exterior is covered in light brown brick that is accented with limestone. A flat roof tops the building. The main entrance into the building is flanked by four, two-story columns in the Corinthian order. The entrance itself is a double door with a large transom above and it is capped with decorative stone. Wrought iron balconies project from the second story above the entrance. The windows are organized in groups of two, they have decorative stone lintels and they are connected to a stone belt-course. The 1952 addition was built using the same brick as the original building, but the window patterns are different.
The library, gymnasium, auditorium, science, art, and vocal music rooms were located in the center of the building. Also in the center of the building was a separate community room for use by local citizens. The classrooms were separated from these common areas. A kindergarten room with its own exterior entrance was located in the west wing. The gymnasium, auditorium, and the community room were opposite the main entrance and the school office on the first floor. The library was located above the entrance on the second floor. The science, art, and music rooms were located above the gymnasium, auditorium, and the community room on the third floor. They and their storage rooms were the only rooms on that floor. The back wall of the music room curved and the side walls narrowed toward the entrance.
References
School buildings completed in 1940
Colonial Revival architecture in Iowa
School buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Iowa
Schools in Davenport, Iowa
National Register of Historic Places in Davenport, Iowa
Public Works Administration in Iowa
Defunct schools in Iowa
1940 establishments in Iowa
2012 disestablishments in Iowa
David John Sainsbury, Baron Sainsbury of Turville, (24 October 1940) is a British politician, business person and philanthropist. From 1992 to 1997, they served as chairperson of Sainsbury's, the supermarket chain established by their great grandfather John James Sainsbury in 1869.
They were made a life peer in 1997 as a member of the Labour Party, and was on a leave of absence from the House of Lords from 15 July 2013 to their retirement 2021. They served in the government as Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Science and Innovation from 1998 and 2006.
 They are a major donor to the University of Cambridge and, in 2011, was elected Chancellor of the University of Cambridge. They also made the largest donation in British political history, giving £8 million to the Liberal Democrats.
Early life and business career
The son of Sir Robert Sainsbury (1906-2000) and Lisa Ingeborg ( van den Bergh; 1912-2014), Sainsbury attended Eton College before going on to earn a degree in History and Psychology at King's College, Cambridge. They then completed an MBA at Columbia Business School in the United States.
Sainsbury joined the family firm, then known as J. Sainsbury Ltd., in 1963, working in the personnel department. They became a director in 1966. They were a Financial Controller from 1971 to 1973, just before the company's flotation.
When the company listed on the London Stock Exchange on 12 July 1973, at the time the largest flotation ever, their family retained control with an 85% stake. Their father, Sir Robert Sainsbury, gave almost their entire stake in the company to David Sainsbury, their only son, whereas their uncle Alan Sainsbury split their stake in the business between their sons John Davan Sainsbury, Simon Sainsbury, and Tim Sainsbury. John Davan Sainsbury became chairperson in 1969 on Sir Robert Sainsbury's retirement.
They were the group's Finance Director from 1973 to 1990, during which time the company grew rapidly. They were Chair of Savacentre from 1984 to 1993, during which time the hypermarkets business grew slowly. They were a deputy chairperson from 1988 to 1992. On JD Sainsbury's retirement as chairperson and chief executive on 2 November 1992, David Sainsbury became chairperson.
In 1996, Sainsbury's announced its first drop in profits in 22 years, and the first of three profits warnings during their chairpersonship was issued. Although there were senior management changes, which included David relinquishing the chief executive's role to Dino Adriano and becoming non-executive chairperson, there were no new directors or outsiders appointed to the senior management team. Profits fell the next year, but rose in 1998. At this point, David Sainsbury, who had wanted to step down at the end of 1997, made a surprise announcement of their retirement as chairperson to pursue their long-held ambition to have a career in politics, after "32 enjoyable and fulfilling years" working for Sainsbury's. Sainsbury's share price increased on the day of this announcement.
On their retirement as chairperson, to avoid any conflict of interest, David Sainsbury placed their then 23% stake in Sainsbury's into a "blind" trust, to be administered by lawyer Judith Portrait. When David Sainsbury announced their intention to give away £1 billion to charity in 2005, their 23% stake was sold down, eventually to 12.9% by early 2007. Their beneficial holding became just 7.75% when they regained control of their shares in February 2007 following their decision to step down as Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Science and Innovation in November 2006. During the private equity takeover bid in the first half of 2007, David indicated they were willing to let the Sainsbury's board open its books for due diligence if someone offered them a price of 600 pence per share or more.
David Sainsbury retains a sizeable shareholding in their family's supermarket chain (around 5.85%). To further their philanthropy interests, they placed 92million of their shares (representing 5.28% of the Company's share capital), into their investment vehicle, Innotech Advisers Ltd (which donates all its dividends to charity), meaning their beneficial stake is just 0.57% (lower than JD's 1.6% beneficial interest). The Sainsbury family as a whole control approximately 15% of Sainsbury's. In the Sunday Times Rich List 2008 their family fortune was estimated at £1.3 billion.
Political career
Sainsbury joined the Labour Party in the 1960s, but was one of the 100 signatories of the 'Limehouse Declaration' in an advertisement in The Guardian on 5 February 1981; they went on to be a member of the Social Democratic Party formed by the authors of the Declaration. After the 1983 election, they prompted the party to give more priority to recruiting members and finding a firm financial base; they were by far the biggest donor to the party, and a trustee, giving about £750,000 between 1981 and 1987. Their donations were typically earmarked to specific projects rather than general day-to-day operations.
Along with David Owen, Sainsbury opposed merging the SDP with the Liberal Party after the 1987 election, and provided office space for Owen to help them re-establish a separate political party, which was created in 1988.
The "continuing" SDP was wound up in 1990, and Sainsbury changed allegiance back to the Labour Party, rejoining them in 1996. A year later, following the Labour Party's election victory, they entered the House of Lords as a Labour peer, being created Baron Sainsbury of Turville, of Turville in the County of Buckinghamshire, on 3 October 1997.
Between 1996, the year they rejoined Labour, and 2006, when they stood down as a government minister, Sainsbury donated £16 million to the Labour Party, usually in batches of £1 million or £2 million each year. They donated a further £2 million on 7 September 2007, stating that they were impressed by Gordon Brown's leadership and believed "that Labour is the only party which is committed to delivering both social justice and economic prosperity". They gave another £500,000 on 15 December 2008, making a total of £18.5 million.  They are associated with the Labour Friends of Israel.
In April 2006, it was reported Sainsbury "faced a possible probe into an alleged breach of the ministerial code after admitting they had failed to disclose a £2 million loan they had made to the Labour Party – despite publicly stating that they had." They subsequently apologised for "unintentionally" misleading the public, blaming a mix-up between the £2 million loan and a £2 million donation they had made earlier.
In July 2006, they became the first government minister to be questioned by police in the "Cash for Peerages" inquiry. On 10 November 2006, they resigned as Science Minister, stating that they wanted to focus on business and charity work. They categorically denied that their resignation had anything to do with the "Cash for Peerages" affair, although this was contradicted by subsequent press reports attributed to "Labour insiders" which suggested that their resignation was indeed a direct consequence of the affair.
From July 1998 to November 2006, they held the office of Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Science and Innovation at the Department of Trade and Industry, serving in the House of Lords and accepting no salary.
Because of their importance to the Labour Party as a donor, contemporary press reports described them as "unsackable". They have argued that there are "far too many reshuffles", and that there were considerable benefits to theirs remaining in post for so long.
Sainsbury has also been associated with the Institute for Public Policy Research and Progress. Between 2001 and 2011 they provided £2 million of funding for Progress. In 2009, they created the Institute for Government with £15 million of funding through the Gatsby Charitable Foundation to help government and opposition politicians to prepare for political transitions and government. They donated £390,000 to Progress and the Movement for Change between December 2011 and April 2013, while they were not on a UK electoral register, which is contrary to electoral law, leading to Progress and the Movement for Change being fined by the Electoral Commission.
Sainsbury funded the "Remain" side of the 2016 European Union membership referendum campaign, giving £2,150,000 to the Labour and £2,125,000 to the Liberal Democrats "Remain" campaigns.
After the 2017 general election, Sainsbury announced they would no longer provide financial backing to party political causes, but will donate to charitable causes. During 2016 they had donated £260,000 to Progress in addition to backing "Remain" organisations. However in late 2018 they donated £25,000 to Scottish Conservatives MP Luke Graham.
During the 2019 United Kingdom general election campaign Sainsbury donated £8 million to the Liberal Democrats, over half the party's election funding, making its election donations larger than the Labour Party's.
Sainsbury has been a long-time patron of the socialist society Scientists for Labour.
They ranked 14 out of 50 on the Top 50 Influential Lib Dems of 2020 list – the only non-Lib Dem member to feature.
Charitable works
Sainsbury founded the Gatsby Charitable Foundation in 1967. In 1993, they donated £200 million of Sainsbury's shares to the Foundation's assets. By 2009 the foundation had given £660 million to a range of charitable causes. In 2009, they allocated a further £465 million to the foundation, making them the first Briton to donate more than £1 billion to charity. They set up the Sainsbury Management Fellowship scheme in 1987 to develop UK engineers into leaders in industry.
In 2003 Sainsbury was granted the Andrew Carnegie Medal for Philanthropy.
Sainsbury has donated £127 million of the Gatsby Charitable Foundation's money to Cambridge University in the last decade: they gave £45 million to the Cambridge University Botanic Garden in 2005. In 2011, Cambridge's Sainsbury Laboratory opened, paid for by an £82 million donation from the Gatsby Foundation made in 2008. It was said by the Financial Times to be "one of the biggest donations ever made to a British university ... surpassed only by a 2000 gift to the university by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation."
In 2013, together with their wife Susie, they joined the Giving Pledge, the group started by Warren Buffett and Bill and Melinda Gates, pledging to donate half their fortune to charitable trusts during their lifetime.
Chancellor of the University of Cambridge
In 2011, Sainsbury was formally proposed by the Nominations Board of Cambridge University to succeed the Duke of Edinburgh as Chancellor of the University of Cambridge. If their election had not been contested by 17 June, they would have assumed office on 1 July. However, their nomination became the first in 163 years to be contested by another candidate when, on 29 May, local shopkeeper Abdul Arain stood in protest at a planning application for a Sainsbury's Local branch in Cambridge's Mill Road district, triggering a contest that would have to wait until an October ballot. Four days later, a group of Cambridge University alumni successfully drafted actor Brian Blessed as an alternative candidate. On 20 June, socialist barrister Michael Mansfield became the third candidate to oppose Sainsbury. An election took place on 14 and 15 October 2011 in which Sainsbury won with 52% of the votes (2893 votes out of 5558) on a 2.5% turnout and they were confirmed to the position on 16 October 2011.
Personal life
Sainsbury and their wife, Susan Carroll (née Reid), a former teacher, have three daughters. Lady Sainsbury is a Trustee of the Royal Academy of Music. They were appointed DBE in the 2022 Birthday Honours, for "services to the Arts,
particularly during Covid-19", described in the list as "Philanthropist". The family live in the Manor of Turville in Turville, Buckinghamshire. The Manor once belonged to the abbey at St Albans, but was seized by the Crown in the Dissolution of the Monasteries in 1547. The manor house has since been rebuilt as Turville Park, a fine stately home in the village.
Sainsbury's elder sister was Mrs Elizabeth Clark (19 July 1938 – 14 August 1977), and their younger sisters are Celia and Annabel.  They are the nephew of Alan Sainsbury. Their cousins have included Simon Sainsbury, Conservative peer John Sainsbury, Baron Sainsbury of Preston Candover, KG, and former Conservative MP Sir Tim Sainsbury. Their great-grandparents, John James Sainsbury and Mary Ann Staples, established a grocer's at 173 Drury Lane in 1869 which became the British supermarket chain Sainsbury's.
Academic titles
In 1994, Sainsbury was appointed as an Honorary Fellow of the Royal Academy of Engineering.
In 2001, they were elected an international member of the American Philosophical Society.
In 2003, they were elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
In 2007, they were awarded an honorary degree in science by University College London.
In 2007, they were awarded an honorary doctorate from Heriot-Watt University.
In 2008, they were awarded an honorary degree in science by the University of Bath.
In 2008, they were made an honorary fellow of the Royal Society.
See also
List of billionaires
References
External links
David Sainsbury, Lord Sainsbury of Turville Official Website
Gatsby Charitable Foundation
Lord (David) Sainsbury of Turville – DTI ministers
The Sainsbury Family and Lord (David) Sainsbury
Lord (David) Sainsbury interview on Desert Island Discs
Lord (David) Sainsbury: UK politics profile
SPEAK – Profile of Lord (David) Sainsbury of Turville
David Sainsbury Forbes.com: Forbes World's Richest People
David Sainsbury of Turville and Software Patents
Profile of the Sainsbury family
The Sainsbury Laboratory funded by The Sainsbury Family Charitable Trusts
Sainsbury Laboratory Cambridge University
The Centre for Mental Health, funded by The Sainsbury Family Charitable Trusts
1940 births
21st-century philanthropists
Living people
Alumni of King's College, Cambridge
Chancellors of the University of Cambridge
Columbia Business School alumni
English Anglicans
English billionaires
English businesspeople in retailing
English philanthropists
Fellows of the Royal Society
Giving Pledgers
Honorary Fellows of the British Academy
Honorary Fellows of the Royal Society
Labour Friends of Israel
Labour Party (UK) donors
Labour Party (UK) life peers
Labour Party (UK) people
Liberal Democrats (UK) donors
Life peers created by Elizabeth II
People educated at Eton College
Presidents of the British Science Association
David
Social Democratic Party (UK) politicians
Members of the American Philosophical Society
Rhinostomus barbirostris, common name Bottlebrush Weevil or Bearded Weevil, is a species of true weevil family.
Description
Rhinostomus barbirostris can reach a length of , excluding beak. It is probably the third largest weevil in the world. The basic color is black. The pronotum is as long as wide and densely punctate. The elytra bear distinct striae and are deeply punctate. Males have characteristic long reddish gold hairs on the apical portion of the long, straight, and dorsally dentate rostrum. The antennae are long and slender, and strongly elbowed. The front tibiae have two or more large, sharp teeth on the inner face. This species shows an unusual sexual polymorphism, as some males in each population are smaller than other males and resemble females.
Distribution
This common and widespread species occurs mainly in Central America and South America, while similar species in the genus occur in the United States, Africa, Madagascar, Borneo, and India.
References
Gwannon
Patricia Vaurie Weevils of the Tribe Sipalini (Coleoptera, Curculionidae, Rhynchophorinae) Part 1. The Genera Rhinostomus and Yuccaborus
Key to species of Rhinostomus
The smaller majority
Morrone, J.J., Cuevas, P.I. (2002) Cladistics of the pantropical genus Rhinostomus (Coleoptera: Curculionoidea: Dryophthoridae) with nomenclatural notes
Dryophthorinae
Beetles of Central America
Beetles described in 1775
Taxa named by Johan Christian Fabricius
Alison Wright (born 1976) is English actor.
Alison Wright may also refer to:
Alison Wright (photojournalist) (born 1961), American photojournalist and writer
Alison Wright (cyclist) (born 1980), Australian cyclist
Alison Wright (athlete) (born 1949), New Zealand middle-distance runner
Hakea oligoneura is a small rare shrub known from only a few populations south of Perth, Western Australia growing exclusively on coastal limestone ridges. It has cream-white flowers and stiff, thick yellow-greenish leaves.
Description
A small shrub high and up to wide with smooth bark or fine cracks at maturity. Smaller branches are cylindrical with dense white or rusty coloured hairs long and pressed against the stem becoming glabrous as they mature. Flat or rarely slightly inward curving leaves grow alternately along the stem. Narrowly lance-shaped, broader above the middle long and wide. The leaves are thin and stiff, with toothed thorny margins on the edges with 1-4 longitudinal veins. Fruit are long, wide and have small corky pyramid shaped projections on their surface.
Taxonomy and naming
Hakea oligoneura was first formally described by Kelly Shepherd and Robyn Barker in 2009 and published in Nuytsia. The specific epithet (oligoneura) is said to be derived from the Greek oligo meaning "few" and neuron meaning "nerve", referring to the lack of prominent secondary veins in the leaves, distinguishing it from other closely related species. The proper word in ancient Greek for "few" is however oligos (ὀλίγος).
Distribution and habitat
Hakea oligoneura has a restricted distribution known only in a few isolated populations in Yalgorup National Park between Mandurah and Bundbury along the Western Australian coast. Hakea oligoneura grows on limestone ridges in white-brown sand in open mallee scrubland.
Conservation status
Hakea oligoneura is classified as "Priority Four" by the Government of Western Australia Department of Parks and Wildlife, meaning that is rare or near threatened, due to its restricted distribution.
References
External links
[/avh.ala.org.au/occurrences/search?taxa=Hakea+oligoneura#tab_mapView Occurrence data for Hakea oligoneura, Australasian Virtual Herbarium]
oligoneura
Eudicots of Western Australia
Plants described in 2009
Taxa named by Kelly Anne Shepherd
Taxa named by Robyn Mary Barker
Two Women on the Hillside is an oil on canvas painting by German painter Franz Marc. It is part of the Bayerische Staatsgemäldesammlungen and is on a permanent loan at the Franz Marc Museum in Kochel am See.
History
Marc met the fellow painters Marie Schnür and Maria Franck in 1905, who would both later become their wives. They spent the summer of 1906 in Kochel. They painted the women at outdoors on an alpine pasture. They first made the current small oil sketch, from which they later painted a large-format oil painting. On August 1, 1906, they wrote to Maria Franck: “The picture of you two has already been drawn.” Later they cut up the large painting. The remainder of this is the portrait of Maria Marc in the Murnau Castle Museum.
In 1985 the Bayerische Staatsgemäldesammlungen acquired the painting from the estate of Maria Marc, née Franck. It hangs on permanent loan in the Franz Marc Museum in Kochel am See.
Description
The painting is 15.5 cm high and 24.7 cm wide. It was painted with oil paint on canvas and mounted on cardboard.
The picture shows the two women on a mountain meadow. Marie Schnür is sitting in the foreground in a white dress and a blue jacket and looks back at Maria Franck, who is lying in the meadow with a hat on their head, both dressed in white. Maria covers their face with their hand against the sun shining in front and seems to be reading a book lying in front of them on the meadow. The mountains of the Bavarian Prealps are shown in the background .
The light colors are applied with a broad brushstroke. Instead of a lifelike reproduction, Marc captures the mood of the scene. The work shows the influence of both the impressionist and post-impressionist styles of painting.
References
1906 paintings
Paintings by Franz Marc
Usyskin, also Usiskin, Usyshkin, Ussishkin, etc., is a Jewish surname. According to Alexander Beider's Dictionary of Jewish Surnames from the Russian Empire, the surname is derived from the river Usyska. Vladimir Maksimov of the reseach centre "Surname History" mentions other versions. In particular they point out that in 19th century there was a settlement Usyska by the river, as well as that Usyska was a diminutive for the name Sisoy. Beider notes that the surname was recorded in Vitebsk, Gorodok and Velizh uyezds of Vitebsk Governorate, Russia. Notable people with the surname include:
, Soviet counter admiral
(1910-1934), Soviet physicist, crew member of the stratospheric aerostat Osoaviakhim-1
David Ussishkin (born 1935) Israeli archeologist
Menachem Ussishkin (1863-1941), Russian-born Zionist leader and head of the Jewish National Fund
Zalman Usiskin, American mathematics educator, director of the University of Chicago School Mathematics Project
Ussishkin, a character from the 1972 Soviet comedy film Ilf and Petrov Rode a Tram
See also
Ussishkin Fortress
References
Jewish surnames
Russian-language surnames
Toponymic surnames
Patronymic surnames
Uinseann MacEoin (4 July 1920 – 21 December 2007) was an Irish architect, journalist, republican campaigner and historian. Born into an Irish republican family, MacEoin became involved with the Irish Republican Army during World War II and was interned alongside other republicans by the Irish government, who feared the IRA would draw Ireland into the war. In the decades after their internment, MacEoin would emerge as an influential architect who became involved with the preservation of historic sections of Dublin's inner city. Additionally, MacEoin remained interested in republicanism and would publish a number of books covering the history of Irish republicanism. As part of their research for these books, MacEoin would conduct oral interviews with other Irish republicans and record them; these recordings now serve as the core of a massive oral history collection held by the Irish Defence Forces.
Early life and family
Uinseann Ó Rathaille MacEoin was born Vincent O'Rahilly McGuone in Pomeroy, County Tyrone on 4 July 1920. Their parents were Catherine (née Fox) and Malachy McGuone. Their father owned the Central Hotel in Pomeroy and was a wine and spirit merchant. They had 3 siblings. Both of their parents were nationalists, and named all their children after leaders of the Easter Rising in 1916. Under the first Dáil in 1918, Malachy McGuone was appointed a judge. This resulted in them being interned the prison ship Argenta on Larne Lough from 1922 to 1923. The family moved to Dublin after their release. Malachy died in 1933, which led to their wife running a workingmen's café in East Essex Street. The family later lived on Marlborough Road, Donnybrook.
They married Margaret Russell in 1956 in Navan, County Meath. They had a daughter and 2 sons. They died in a nursing home in Shankill, County Dublin on 21 December 2007. Their estate at the time of their death was valued at over €3 million. Their son, Nuada, took over their father's architectural practice.
Republican activities
MacEoin attended boarding school at Blackrock College, and was then articled to the architectural practice of Vincent Kelly in Merrion Square. As an active republican, they lived in a house on Northumberland Road from later 1939 to May 1940 where they helped in the production and distribution of an Irish Republican Army (IRA) weekly newspaper, War News. The IRA was banned by the Irish government in 1936, and its bombing campaign in Britain in 1939 was viewed by the government as a threat to Irish neutrality. MacEoin was among a group of republicans arrested in June 1940 and imprisoned in Arbour Hill for a year. Once released, they were rearrested and interned at the Curragh for 3 years. They were sentenced to 3-months imprisonment in October 1943 for possession of incriminating documents. They had also been charged with possession of ammunition, but MacEoin testified they were given the rounds against their will, and never appears to have engaged in any violence. During their internment, they were taught Irish by Máirtín Ó Cadhain and was exposed to the socialist views of their fellow inmates. It was at this time that they adopted the Irish form of their name, Uinseann MacEoin.
Architectural career
While imprisoned in the 1940s, MacEoin continued their studies by correspondence and qualified as an architect in 1945 at University College Dublin. Their designs for a memorial garden in 1946 to those who died during the War of Independence were commended. In 1959, they designed the site in Ballyseedy, County Kerry for a monument by Yann Renard-Goulet commemorating those killed in the Civil War and members of the IRA from Kerry who died. In 1948, they qualified in town planning, and took up a position with Michael Scott's architectural practice. They worked for a short time with Dublin Corporation, with their housing department, before establishing their own practice in 1955.
They entered into a partnership with Aidan Kelly in 1969 as MacEoin Kelly and Associates. In the early 1970s, MacEoin designed a shopping and housing development outside Dundalk, called Ard Easmuinn. During the 1950s, they were a contributing editor on interior design in Hugh McLaughlin's magazine Creation, becoming editor of Irish Architect and Contractor in 1955. Throughout the 1960s and 1970s, MacEoin continued as an influential architectural journalist, founding and editing Build from 1965 to 1969, and later Plan. Their company, Pomeroy Press, published Plan along with other serials such as Stream and Field. MacEoin wrote a large proportion of the copy in these periodicals, much under their own name, but they also used pseudonyms, in particular in Plan as "Michael O'Brien". They wrote about their strong views on social housing, national infrastructure, and foreign and slum landlords, often libellously.
Political activism
Despite their republican and socialist views, they were a staunch advocate for the preservation of Georgian Dublin, and campaigned for their preservation. On this topic, they wrote letters to newspapers, took part in television and radio discussions, wrote comment pieces and editorials, spoke at public hearings, and took part in direct protests such as sit-ins in buildings including those on Baggot Street, Pembroke Street, Hume Street, and Molesworth Street. They were also an active member of the Irish Georgian Society and they campaigned actively against the road widening schemes in Dublin the 1970s and 1980s.
They and their wife bought 5 Georgian houses on Mountjoy Square and 3 on Henrietta Street in the 1960s, all almost derelict. They refurbished them and leased them out, under the company name Luke Gardiner Ltd. They renamed 5 Henrietta Street James Bryson House. Their architectural practice moved into one of the Mountjoy Square houses. Along with fellow campaigners, Mariga Guinness and Deirdre Kelly, this demonstrated that these buildings could be salvaged and were not the dangerous structures other architects and developers claimed them to be. MacEoin also bought and saved Heath House, near Portlaoise, County Laois, living there towards the end of their life. They offered free conservation and architectural advise to community groups, and was a volunteer on the renovation works on projects including Tailors Hall.
They remained politically active, joining Clann na Poblachta, the Wolfe Tone Society, the Dublin Civic Group, the Northern Ireland Civil Rights Association and the Irish Anti-Apartheid Movement. To what extent MacEoin was involved in republican or IRA activities after 1945 is not clear. However, in March 1963 MacEoin was called a witness to a case in Scotland involving a Glasgow bookmaker by the name of Samuel Docherty and the Royal Bank of Scotland. Docherty claimed the bank owed them £50,000. MacEoin testified that in February 1962 they had travelled with £50,000 in cash from Dublin to lodge to Docherty's account in the Royal Bank of Scotland in Belfast, as a loan. When asked about the origin of this large sum of money, MacEoin stated it was supplied by another person, but would not divulge that person's name. This immediately triggered the court's suspicions and the Judge warned MacEoin they would be contempt of court if they did not name the supplier of the money. MacEoin was placed in police custody for the day, and eventually they agreed to give the name in writing in confidence to the Judge. The Judge ultimately ruled that Docherty was guilty of attempted fraud and perjury and that MacEoin's involvement reeked of criminality. However, no further action was ever brought forward against Docherty or MacEoin.
In Sinn Féin's 1971 Éire Nua social and economic programme, MacEoin wrote the chapter on 'Planning', and attended meetings in Monaghan in the early 1970s on the Dáil Uladh, a parliament for the 9-county Ulster. In 1981, during the republican hunger strikes, one of their Mountyjoy Square houses was used as the national headquarters of the National H-Block Committee. Following the 1986 Sinn Féin split, MacEoin supported Republican Sinn Féin. They were a founding member of the Constitutional Rights Campaign in 1987, a group which aimed to protect the rights of Irish citizens in the European Community, having campaigned against Ireland joining the EEC in the early 1970s. In 1978, they were sentenced to 2 weeks in Mountjoy Prison for non-payment of a fine issued for not having a television licence. They had refused to buy one to protest the lack of Irish language programming.
As an environmentalist, MacEoin opposed private car ownership, and advocated for cycleways and the redevelopment of the railway lines. They wrote about the "greenhouse effect" as early as 1969. As a hill walker and mountaineer, they claimed to be the first Irishman to register successful climbs of all 284 Scottish peaks, known as the Munros, in 1987. They also climbed in the Alps and the Pyrenees.
Writer and historian
MacEoin wrote 3 books on their memories, and those of their former comrades, in 3 books: Survivors (1980), on the lives of leading Irish republicans; Harry (1986), a part biography part autobiography of Harry White, and The IRA in the twilight years 1923–48 (1997). They also published a novel, Sybil: a tale of innocence (1992) with their publishing house, Argenta, under the name Eoin O'Rahilly. MacEoin also interviewed and recorded dozens of Republicans as part of their research for their books; these recordings would later be converted into a digital oral history archive held in trust by the Irish Defence Forces.
Bibliography
Survivors (1980)
Harry (1986)
The IRA in the twilight years 1923–48 (1997)
Sybil: a tale of innocence (1992)
References
1920 births
2007 deaths
Clann na Poblachta politicians
Irish architects
Irish republicans
Irish socialists
Irish environmentalists
Irish historians
Irish political activists
Oka is a semi-soft washed rind cheese that was originally manufactured by Trappist monks located in Oka, Quebec, Canada. The cheese is named after the town. It has a distinct flavour and aroma, and is still manufactured in Oka, although now by a commercial company. The recipe was sold in 1981 by Les Pères Trappistes to the Agropur cooperative.
It was also manufactured by Trappist Monks at the Lady of the Prairies Monastery, located 8 miles southeast of Holland, Manitoba. A small Manitoba producer learned the process from Brother Albéric, but stopped making unpasteurized Trappist cheese in 2019 because of the cost of provincial regulations.
Brother Alphonse Juin arrived at the Notre-Dame du Lac Monastery in Quebec in 1893 with a recipe for Port-du-Salut cheese. They "tweaked and adjusted" the recipe, and Oka was born. Since that time, Quebec has become a major producer of Canadian Cheese.
Oka cheese has a pungent aroma and soft creamy flavour, sometimes described as nutty and fruity. The cheese, which is made from cow's milk, is covered with a copper-orange, hand-washed rind. Its distinct flavour sets it apart from more common cheeses such as colby and cheddar, and does not go through a cheddaring process.
There are four types of Oka cheese:
Regular is pasteurized cow's milk. It is ripened for four weeks.
Classic is pasteurized and ripened for two months.
Providence is of a much more creamy and soft texture than either 'Classic' or 'Regular'.
Light is similar to 'Regular', but with a lower percentage of fat and always pasteurized.
History
Oka cheese was heavily influenced by the work of the monks of the Cistercian Abbey of Notre-Dame du Lac (fr. Abbaye Cistercienne d'Oka). Within a few years, through an affiliation with the Université de Montréal, the monastery created an agricultural school. Frequently called the Abbaye Notre-Dame-du-Lac, the Trappist monastery became well known for its Port-Salut cheese, made from a Breton recipe brought with them from France.
See also
, a Trappist cheese from Europe
References
Canadian cheeses
Cow's-milk cheeses
Cuisine of Quebec
Smear-ripened cheeses
Trappist Order
Trappist cheeses
Tibiuca was a Roman era civitas of the Roman province of Africa Proconsularis.
Tibiuca has been tentatively identified with ruins at Henchir-Gâssa, Tunisia.
During antiquity, Tibiuca was the seat of an ancient bishopric, suffragan of the Archdiocese of Carthage. There are two bishops attributable to Roman era Tibiuca. The first is Felix of Thibiuca, who suffered at the time of Diocletian; their vita reports that they were deported to Italy and martyred in Venosa in Apulia. It is commemorated in the Roman martyrology on the date of October 24. Another bishop of Tibiuca was Pascasio, who took part in the Council of Carthage (411). The diocese at that time had no Donatist bishops. Today, Tibiuca survives as titular bishopric and the current bishop is Eugenio Coter, Apostolic Vicar of Pando.
References
Former populated places in Tunisia
Catholic titular sees in Africa
Former Roman Catholic dioceses in Africa
Roman towns and cities in Africa (Roman province)
Gallfaenan Hall, also known as Alltvaynan, is a Grade II listed building near to Trefnant and Henllan in Denbighshire, Wales.
The site was established by the 16th century, when a branch of the Salusbury family bought it from the Ravenscroft family and made it their seat. The direct line of the Salusbury branch ended in 1791 and the estate passed to a cousin's son, Colonel John Lloyd, on condition that they adopted the Salusbury arms and name. Following their marriage in 1810, the building was probably much altered, including by the construction of a Regency-style entrance that still exists.
The house passed to the cousin's daughter, Anna Maria Salusbury, on their death. They married Townshend Mainwaring of Marchwiel Hall, who at various times was a Member of Parliament, Justice of the Peace and High Sheriff of Denbighshire. It was again remodelled in the 1860s, using designs by the Denbigh firm of Lloyd Williams and Underwood that included a galleried stair hall. The estate, which comprised in 1873, was then inherited ones of their sons, Charles Salusbury Mainwaring, who in turn bequeathed it to Randle Kynaston Lloyd Salusbury Mainwaring.
Gallfaenan next passed out of the Mainwaring family to Ernest Tate, the sugar magnate, in 1926. They arranged the construction of an additional wing designed by F. C. Saxon, with other interior work by Waring and Gillow.
, Galltfaenan was in use as a care home.
References
Grade II listed buildings in Denbighshire
Country houses in Wales
Antonio Chiaramonte Bordonaro (26 February 1877 – 8 June 1932) was an Italian diplomat.
Biography
Antonio Chiaramonte Bordonaro was born to a noble Sicilian family, owner of the Castle of Falconara, on the Gulf of Gela, in Butera . They graduated from the School of Social Science of the Istituto Cesare Alfieri in Florence in 1898 and joined the Italian diplomatic service the following year. They were a lover of Franca Florio.
In 1900 they were posted to Trieste, then to Budapest, Bern, and St. Petersburg. In 1913, they were sent to Berlin as legation secretary and was promoted to advisor to the embassy in 1914. On January 4 1920, they were appointed Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to Czechoslovakia. In 1924, they were appointed Italian envoy to Austria.
On April 6, 1926, following Salvatore Contarini's resignation, Chiaramonte Bordonaro was appointed Secretary General of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the most important position in Italian diplomacy. They held the office for only ten months, until it was abolished by the Fascist government. On February 6, 1927, Bordonaro was appointed ambassador to the United Kingdom. They died in office on June 8, 1932.
They were appointed Grand Cross of the Czechoslovak Order of the White Lion in 1924 and an honorary Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the British Empire in 1930.
References
La Formazione della diplomazia nazionale (1861-1915) : repertorio bio-bibliografico dei funzionari del Ministero degli affari esteri. Rome: Istituto poligrafico e zecca dello Stato. 1987.
Italian diplomats
1877 births
1932 deaths
Honorary Knights Grand Cross of the Order of the British Empire
Ambassadors of Italy to Austria
Ambassadors of Italy to the United Kingdom
David Paul Berenberg (March 17, 1890 – March 7, 1974) was an American socialist teacher, editor, and writer.  They are best remembered as a founder and editor of The American Socialist Quarterly, the theoretical magazine of the Socialist Party of America (SPA) during the 1930s.
Biography
Early years
David P. Berenberg was born March 17, 1890, in Brooklyn, New York, the son of Bernhard Berenberg, a real estate broker. Berenberg attended public schools in Brooklyn before going on to attend City College of New York, from which they graduated in 1912.
Upon graduation from City College, Berenberg was employed as a public school teacher, a vocation which they continued from 1913 until 1918, when they resigned their post under fire for their socialist political views. They were not relicensed as a teacher in New York state until 1923.
At the end of the 1920s, Berenberg went into partnership with a friend named Clifford Hall and purchased a college preparatory school in New York City called The Franklin School, an academy which specialized in helping to place Jewish boys from less-than-elite families into Ivy League colleges. The pair ran the school together until Hall's death in the late 1940s.
Political career
In 1918, Berenberg was named the manager of the correspondence department of the Socialist Party's Rand School of Social Science, which was in charge of conducting correspondence courses with adults around the country interested in taking courses in the social sciences. They remained in this position until 1921, working after that date as a teacher on site at the Rand School, conducting classes in English, History, and various topics related to Socialism. Berenberg remained an employee of the Rand School continuously until their firing early in 1936, an action resulting from Berenberg's factional affiliation in the rough and tumble internal Socialist Party politics of the day.
Berenberg was a candidate for public office on the Socialist Party ticket on a number of different occasions, running for office each year from 1918 through 1924, inclusive. In 1918 and again in 1923 they stood as a candidate for the New York State Assembly. In 1919 and again in 1921 they ran for New York City Council. In 1920 Berenberg ran for New York State Senate, while in 1922 and again in 1924 they ran for U.S. Congress.
A factional war swept the Socialist Party in 1919. The battle pitted an organized Left Wing faction — headed by Alfred Wagenknecht, L.E. Katterfeld, C.E. Ruthenberg, Alexander Stoklitsky, and Nicholas Hourwich — against an equally organized faction of "Party Regulars" led by Executive Secretary Adolph Germer, James Oneal, and Julius Gerber, Berenberg found themselves solidly in the latter camp. When well known Left Wing adherent John Reed launched a weekly newspaper called The New York Communist in April 1919, Berenberg was not long in launching a counter-voice, The New York Socialist. In The New York Socialist Berenberg allowed the Regulars to present their side in the factional debates.
This new rival proved to be too tempting a target for the sophomorish Reed to ignore. On May 17, The New York Socialist appeared as usual at the Rand School. It was not until several thousand issues had been distributed that it was discovered that the document being distributed was an exact replica of Berenberg's publication created by Reed and their partner in crime, Eadmonn MacAlpine. The parody issue prominently featured a speech purported to have been delivered by Louis Waldman, a prominent leader of the Regular faction on April Fool's Day. In this mock speech, Waldman was portrayed as attacking the Left Wing with the words:
So evident is their intention to disrupt the party that it has been necessary to expel all Left Wing branches and exclude the members from any vote on party affairs. If this is not disrupting the party, what is?
Following a series of suspensions and expulsions by the Socialist Party's governing National Executive Committee which tilted the playing field, the 1919 Emergency National Convention of the party resulted in a resounding victory for Germer, Oneal, and the Regulars. Outmaneuvered and split over tactics, the Left Wing exited the SPA to form not one, but two organizations — the Communist Party of America and the Communist Labor Party of America. The victory proved costly, however. The Socialist Party lost a large percentage of its membership in the factional war, the number of its dues-payers plummeting from more than 100,000 to barely a tenth of that number, and the organizationation entered into a decade of decline.
The Socialist Party began to rebound in the late 1920s, with an influx of young and energetic members entering the party under the inspiration of the party's Presidential candidate, Norman Thomas and through the solid organizing efforts of new National Executive Secretary Clarence Senior.
January 1932 saw the launch of a new publication, the realization of David P. Berenberg's dream — The American Socialist Quarterly. The publication's debut issue noted that, while not an official publication, the ASQ was published by three members of the Socialist Party who believed that:
the Marxian theories are the philosophic basis of the Socialist Movement;
that Socialist activity should always be predicated on the class struggle;
that by democratic methods, and not by methods of cabal and dictatorship will Socialism be attained;
that work among the unions, that the industrial organization of labor, is of equal importance with political action;
that political action is necessary...for the establishment of the Socialist Commonwealth;
that the mere winning of votes and of office is meaningless...unless the Socialist objective is always before the movement;
that the Socialist Party should not enter into fusions or coalitions with groups that do not accept the Socialist philosophy;
that Russia is not sacrosanct; that the theories and the acts of the Soviet Republic are as properly subject to critical comment as are the theories and acts of other governments.
Such an orientation seems to have been broadly reflective of the views of others in the party and The American Socialist Quarterly, was named the official organ of the Socialist Party by the National Executive Committee in the fall of 1934.
Berenberg was a frequent contributor to The Socialist Call, the weekly newspaper established by the Left Wing opposition to the Old Guard in 1935. They launched a periodic column in this publication late in 1935 entitled "What Does It Mean?" making use of the pseudonym "David Paul."
Later years
Berenberg seems to have been discouraged from radical politics by the bitter factional struggle and series of splits which decimated the Socialist Party in 1936 and 1937. Their last political pamphlet was published in 1934 and their name was removed from the masthead of The American Socialist Monthly effective with the May 1937 issue. They did contribute a book review to the successor to the ASM, a larger format publication called Socialist Review, as late as the January 1938 issue.
Berenberg ran The Franklin School in New York City until Clifford Hall's death at the end of the 1940s. Thereafter, Berenberg retired and moved to Long Island, where they stayed intellectually engaged by conducting literary book clubs.
Their wife, Rose, died in 1970, at which time Berenberg moved to Pennsylvania to be near a daughter who lived there.
David P. Berenberg's died on March 7, 1974.
Berenberg's papers are housed at Cornell University in Ithaca, New York.
Footnotes
Works
Books and pamphlets
The City for the Workers: The Case against "Business Administration" in New York. New York: Rand School of Social Science, 1917.
Socialism. New York: Rand School of Social Science, 1918.
The Fundamentals of Socialism: Twelve Lessons. New York: Rand School of Social Science, 1919.
The Letters of Glaucon and Sarai: And Other Poems. Northampton, MA: N. Fitts, 1924.
The Kid: A Narrative Poem. New York: Macmillan, 1931.
A Workers' World. New York: Rand School Press, 1932.
Socialist Fundamentals. New York: Rand School Press, 1932.
We the People. New York: Rand School Press, 1934.
America at the Crossroads. New York: Rand School Press, 1934.
Chants: And Two Poems by Maples Arce. Boston: J. Wheelwright, 1935.
Articles
"Nationalism — A Cause of War," New York Call, vol. 10, no. 294 (Oct. 21, 1917), Sunday magazine section, pg. 6.
"The Left Wing Manifesto," The New York Socialist, originally serialized in 4 parts, May 4 through June 4, 1919.
"Why the Foreign Language Federations Were Suspended," The New York Socialist, vol. 1, no. 6 (June 11, 1919), pg. 5.
"What of the Class Struggle?" American Socialist Quarterly, vol. 1, no. 1 (January 1932), pp. 7–15.
"A Program for American Socialism," American Socialist Quarterly, vol. 1, no.4 (Autumn 1932), pp. 3–9.
"Concerning Fusion," American Socialist Quarterly, vol. 2, no. 1 (Winter 1933), pp. 33–38.
"The Influence of Marx," American Socialist Quarterly, vol. 2, no. 2 (Spring 1933), pp. 3–8.
"Roosevelt," American Socialist Quarterly, vol. 2, no. 3 (Summer 1933), pp. 45–52.
"Circuses — and a Little Bread," American Socialist Quarterly, vol. 3, no. 1 (Spring 1934), pp. 12–19.
"Immediate Demands," American Socialist Quarterly, vol. 3, no. 2 (Summer 1934), pp. 29–36.
"Socialism and War," American Socialist Quarterly,vol. 3, no. 3 (Autumn 1934), pp. 43–52.
"The Bankruptcy of American Communism," American Socialist Quarterly,vol. 3, no. 4 (December 1934), pp. 38–50.
"'Pie in the Sky': A Study of Current Utopian Notions," American Socialist Quarterly,vol. 4, no. 1 (March 1935), pp. 52–64. —on Townsend Plan, "Share the Wealth", Social Credit, Father Coughlin.
"'Hep! Hep!'" The Socialist Call, vol. 1, no. 9 (May 18, 1935), pg. 7.
"Anti-Nazi Jokes Flood Germany," The Socialist Call, vol. 1, no.10 (May 25, 1935), pg. 7.
"Moving Toward Fascism," American Socialist Quarterly, vol. 4, no. 2 (June 1935), pp. 22–30.
"Coughlin Fires a Dud," The Socialist Call, vol. 1, no.11 (June 1, 1935), pg. 7.
"Each Stands in Their Place," The Socialist Call, vol. 1, no.12 (June 7, 1935), pg. 7.
"Change the Constitution!" The Socialist Call, vol. 1, no.13 (June 15, 1935), pg. 8.
"Facts About New York and About the Nation," vol. 1, no.14 (June 22, 1935), pg. 8.
"A Labor Party," American Socialist Quarterly, vol. 5, no. 3 (May 1936), pp. 2–6.
"Ferment in Politics," American Socialist Quarterly, vol. 5, no. 6 (August 1936), pp. 2–6.
"The Moscow Trial," American Socialist Monthly, vol. 5, no. 8 (December 1936), pp. 26–33.
"Haim Kantorovitch: A Tribute," American Socialist Monthly, vol. 5, no. 8 (December 1936), pp. 39–40.
"Honeymoon," American Socialist Monthly, vol. 5, no. 9 (February 1937), pp. 43–49.
"Book Review: Two Pamphlets," American Socialist Monthly, vol. 5, no. 9 (February 1937), pp. 62–64. —on CP's Appeal to Communists; Paul Porter's Which Way for the Socialist Party? "Five to Four," American Socialist Monthly, vol. 6, no. 1 (May 1937), pp. 23–25.
"The Roosevelt Honeymoon is Over," Socialist Review, vol. 6, no. 3 (October–November 1937), pp. 1–3.
Translation
Julius Deutsch, The Civil War in Austria: A First-hand Account from Eyewitnesses and Participants.'' Chicago: Socialist Party, National Headquarters, 1934.
External links
1890 births
1974 deaths
Jewish American writers
American Marxists
Poets from New York (state)
Jewish poets
Jewish socialists
Politicians from New York City
Socialist Party of America politicians from New York (state)
20th-century American poets
Hrib pri Cerovcu (; ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia. It lies just north of Cerovec pri Črešnjevcu. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.
References
External links
Hrib pri Cerovcu at Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Semič
WDHT, "Hot 102.9", is a Rhythmic contemporary radio station in Urbana, Ohio serving the Dayton/Springfield area that broadcasts on the 102.9 frequency. WDHT is currently owned by Alpha Media, which also owns WING, WROU-FM, WCLI-FM and WGTZ. Its transmitter site on Miller Road in Springfield is shared with that of WULM as this was previously the transmitting site of the former WBLY/WAZU. WUFM ("Radio U") based in Columbus also operates a Springfield translator (W254BJ at 98.7) from the same tower site. Its studios are in Kettering, Ohio.
History
Prior to becoming WDHT, the 102.9 frequency was originally licensed to Springfield as WBLY-FM from 1958 to 1979, simulcasting MOR-formatted WBLY before the FM switched to rock. But then in the late 1970s they changed their call letters to WAZU under their brand spanking new name "WAZU, The New FM 103 The Zoo...from W to A to Z to U!" The station played AOR and sometimes they also played AC as well. Then in the mid to the late 1980s they renamed their moniker as "Rockradio FM 103 WAZU" and then later than "102.9 WAZU". On January 15, 1989 the station briefly went dark and when they returned to the airwaves later that day they become a fully fledged AOR format and began calling themselves "102.9 WAZU, The Big Wazoo!" the highly successful AOR format ran until March 19, 1993 by which time the station had evolved into a harder edged AR format. WAZU flipped their format to CR as "Classic Rock 102.9 The New WAZU, The Big Wazoo!" (In between the flip from Active Rock to Classic Rock, WAZU briefly stunted as "102.9 WZEP-All Led Zeppelin, All The Time"). In 1992, WAZU was sold to Osborn Communications by Robert "Smilin' Bob" Yountz's Champion City Broadcasting, owners of the former WBLY (now WULM), and moved the studios to Dayton. WAZU's studios were originally located in its city of license of Springfield. After then owner Great Trails Broadcasting dropped the iconic WAZU calls in May 1995 the WAZU calls moved to 107.1 FM licensed to Circleville, south of Columbus in late 1996. They also used their moniker as "107.1 The New WAZU, The Big Wazoo!" along with their Active Rock format as well as using exactly the same imaging as 102.9 did in early 1993. (That station is now WJYD with an urban gospel format). During their run as an AOR station WAZU competed fiercely with WTUE. The 102.9 frequency changed their calls to WING-FM in May 1995 and continued the Classic Rock format.
In 2001, Radio One acquired WING and flipped it to Rhythmic Contemporary on August 3 of that year. The station changed call letters to WDHT on October 24 to match the "Hot" moniker. Two years later, Radio One bought out rival urban station WROU, which was Dayton's last locally owned FM radio station, and was converted to Urban Adult Contemporary, a move that allowed WDHT to evolve into a Mainstream Urban direction, even though its presentation is more along the lines of that of a Churban-formatted station (like WPGC-FM/Washington, D.C.).
Under Radio One, WDHT was known for voice-tracking programming and repetition of songs in their playlists, which tends to favor Churban-friendly Rhythmic hits, but since the change in ownership to Main Line in 2007 and later on to its new owner Alpha Media in 2014, it has taken on a more live and local presentation. Also, in the wake of Top 40 sister station WGTZ's flip to Adult Hits, it has also taken on a broader Rhythmic direction than ever, which might be due to the competition it has with rival Top 40 WDKF, whose direction leaned Rhythmic. The station also aired the Russ Parr morning show, which was dropped in August 2014 in favor of "The Breakfast Club." By September 2009, WDHT was officially moved from the R&B/Hip-Hop panel to the Rhythmic Airplay Panel by Nielsen BDS as it began to incorporate more Rhythmic Pop tracks into its playlist. The move to Rhythmic might have been spurred by WDKF's decision to shift away from a local presentation to adopting Clear Channel's Premium Choice presentation. That approach, of course, would result in WDKF being dropped from both Mediabase and BDS Top 40 reporting panels in 2009, only to be reinstated in 2013 when it began re-adding air staffers.
In 2006, Radio One announced that sister station WKSW would relocate its frequency from 101.7 to 101.5 and change its city of licence from Urbana to Enon. The move was later approved by the FCC. As part of a trade off, WDHT switched its city of license from Springfield to Urbana in 2010, but the station's transmitter remained in Springfield after WKSW's move. This move was planned before Radio One sold its Dayton area cluster to Main Line.
On May 17, 2007, Philadelphia-based Main Line Broadcasting announced the acquisition of Radio One's stations in the Dayton and Louisville market areas. Main Line took over the Dayton stations on September 14, 2007. In 2014 Main Line would be acquired by Alpha Media, thus becoming the new owners of WDHT and its sister stations in the Dayton cluster.
References
External links
Hot 102.9
DHT
Rhythmic contemporary radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1958
1958 establishments in Ohio
Alpha Media radio stations
In enzymology, an arginine racemase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
L-arginine D-arginine
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, L-arginine, and one product, D-arginine.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those racemases and epimerases acting on amino acids and derivatives. The systematic name of this enzyme class is arginine racemase. This enzyme participates in 3 metabolic pathways: lysine degradation, D-glutamine and D-glutamate metabolism, and D-arginine and D-ornithine metabolism. It employs one cofactor, pyridoxal phosphate.
References
EC 5.1.1
Pyridoxal phosphate enzymes
Enzymes of unknown structure
András Baranyecz (23 February 1946 – 5 January 2010) was a Hungarian cyclist. They competed in the men's sprint and the men's tandem events at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1946 births
2010 deaths
Hungarian male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of Hungary
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Cyclists from Budapest
The 10.5 cm Luftminenwerfer M 15 (Pneumatic Trench Mortar) was a medium mortar used by Austria-Hungary in World War I. It was developed by the German firm of Ehrhardt & Sehmer. It was a rigid-recoil, muzzle-loading mortar on a fixed base that used compressed air to propel the mortar bomb to the target. Each cylinder of compressed air lasted for fifteen shots. A notable advantage was that the mortar had no firing signature, unlike conventional mortars with smoke and muzzle flash.
A batch of 25 mortars, 250 cylinders of compressed air and 10,000 complete bombs (i.e. with fuses) was ordered on 31 July 1915 for combat evaluation, but the manufacturer was unable to deliver the mortar bombs. They had to be manufactured by the Army itself. A slightly improved model was offered by Ehrhardt & Sehmer at the end of March 1916, but it was rejected because of the poor range of the ammunition and the difficulty in procuring it.
Ten trench mortar platoons, each with two weapons, were formed and deployed in February 1916, mainly to the Russian theater.
References
Ortner, M. Christian. The Austro-Hungarian Artillery From 1867 to 1918: Technology, Organization, and Tactics. Vienna, Verlag Militaria, 2007
Mortars of Austria-Hungary
Pneumatic mortars
Infantry mortars
105 mm artillery
Richard Marius Joseph Greene (25 August 1918 – 1 June 1985) was a noted English film and television actor. A matinée idol who appeared in more than 40 films, they were perhaps best known for the lead role in the long-running British TV series The Adventures of Robin Hood, which ran for 143 episodes from 1955 to 1959.
Early life
Greene of Irish and Scottish ancestry, and was born in Plymouth, Devon, England. They were raised Roman Catholic, attending Cardinal Vaughan Memorial School (Kensington, London), which they left at age 18. Their aunt was actor Evie Greene. Their father, Richard Abraham Greene and their mother, Kathleen Gerrard, were both actors with the Plymouth Repertory Theatre. They were the grandson of Richard Bentley Greene and a descendant of four generations of actors.
It has been stated elsewhere that they were the grandson of the inventor William Friese-Greene, (credited by some as the inventor of cinematography) but this was found to be false, as a result of two parallel lines of genealogical research, conducted by the British Film Institute and Paul Pert respectively, the latter being subsequently published in 2009.
Career
They started their stage career as a spear carrier in Shakespeare's Julius Caesar in 1933. A handsome young man, Greene added to their income by modelling shirts and hats.
Their professional career began at the age of 15, with a walk-on role in Julius Caesar at the Old Vic. They did some modelling work and appeared in a stage production of Journey's End and had a small role in Sing As We Go (1934), They joined the Jevan Brandon Repertory Company in 1936 with whom they appeared in Antony and Cleopatra. They won accolades in the same year for their part in Terence Rattigan's French Without Tears, which brought them to the attention of MGM, Alexander Korda and Darryl F. Zanuck, who all made offers for films. On 17 January 1938 Greene signed with Fox.
20th Century Fox
At 20, they joined 20th Century Fox as a rival to MGM's Robert Taylor. Their first film for Fox was John Ford's Four Men and a Prayer (1938). Greene was a huge success, especially with female film goers, who sent them mountains of fan mail which at its peak rivalled that of Fox star Tyrone Power.
Greene co-starred with Sonia Henie in My Lucky Star (1938) and was reunited with Ford in Submarine Patrol (1939). Zanuck put them in Kentucky (1938) with Loretta Young and Walter Brennan.
Greene was the romantic male lead in the Shirley Temple vehicle The Little Princess (1939) and was Sir Henry Baskerville in the 1939 Sherlock Holmes film The Hound of the Baskervilles. The film marked the first pairing of Basil Rathbone and Nigel Bruce as Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson, but it was Greene who was top billed.
Greene had a support part in Stanley and Livingstone (1939) with Spencer Tracy and the lead in Here I Am a Stranger (1939). They co-starred with Alice Faye and Fred MacMurray in Little Old New York (1940) and supported Vera Zorina in I Was an Adventuress (1940). They had failed to become a major star but they were still playing leads in "A" movies when World War II began.
World War II
Greene tried to enlist in the Seaforth Highlanders in Vancouver, but they would not give them a commission. They obtained a release from Fox and travelled to England where they enlisted in the 27th Lancers, where they distinguished himself. After three months, they went to the Royal Military College, Sandhurst and was commissioned and given the service number of 184251. They were promoted to captain in the 27th Lancers in May 1944.
They were given leave in 1942 to appear in the British propaganda films Flying Fortress (1942) for Warners and Unpublished Story (1942) with Valerie Hobson. In 1943, they appeared in the Anna Neagle thriller Yellow Canary while on leave. They also appeared in a British comedy Don't Take It to Heart (1944).
They later toured in Shaw's Arms and the Man, entertaining the troops. Greene was discharged in December 1944 and appeared in the stage play Desert Rats.
Return to Hollywood
After the war they starred in a British musical, distributed by Warners, Gaiety George (1946), which was a flop.
They returned to Hollywood, and appeared in Fox's big budget Forever Amber (1947), but in support of Cornel Wilde. They went to Universal to play the villain in The Fighting O'Flynn (1948) with Douglas Fairbanks Jr. At Fox they were third billed in The Fan (1949), based on the play Lady Windermere's Fan.
Greene returned to England to appear in That Dangerous Age (1949) and Now Barabbas (1949). They went back to Universal in Hollywood to play the hero in a Yvonne de Carlo eastern, The Desert Hawk (1950). Director de Cordova said Greene was "everything a man or woman could want in a desert hero."
In Britain they were in My Daughter Joy (1950), and Shadow of the Eagle (1950). They went to Italy to make The Rival of the Empress (1951). In 1951, they divorced their wife, Patricia Medina, whom they had married in 1941.
In Hollywood Edward Small asked them to play the male hero of Lorna Doone (1951). They stayed on to star in The Black Castle (1952) and support Peter Lawford in Rogue's March (1952). For Small they made The Bandits of Corsica (1953), then they were in another swashbuckler, Captain Scarlett (1953) shot in Mexico.
The Adventures of Robin Hood
Greene returned to Britain looking for work. Reflecting on their career they said "I haven't had the big build-up part I expected. They turned me into a cloak-and-dagger merchant. After four dungeon pictures in a row I decided to throw it up."
Greene got a role on stage in a production of I Capture the Castle with Virginia McKenna. Then Yeoman Films of Great Britain approached them for the lead role in The Adventures of Robin Hood (1955–59). They were an immediate success in it. The series and a number of related marketing products bearing their likeness, such as comic books and "Robin Hood Shoes", solved their financial problems and made them a star.
During the series' run they made the occasional film such as Contraband Spain (1955), Beyond the Curtain (1960), and Sword of Sherwood Forest (1960), as Robin Hood.
They had a long love affair in the 1950s with Nancy Oakes, wealthy daughter of mining tycoon Sir Harry Oakes.
Later career
Amongst other TV programmes, Greene was in A Man For Loving, The Doctors, The Morecambe and Wise Show, Dixon of Dock Green, Scarf Jack, as corrupt business person Neil Turvey in The Professionals episode "Everest Was Also Conquered", and the Tales of the Unexpected episode "Mrs. Bixby and the Colonel's Coat".
Greene replaced Douglas Wilmer to play Sir Denis Nayland Smith in two of Harry Alan Towers's Fu Manchu films, The Blood of Fu Manchu (1968) and The Castle of Fu Manchu (1969). Both films were directed by Jess Franco and shot in Spain.
Later life and death
In 1972 Greene was unwittingly embroiled in the Lewis v Averay court case, after a fraudster pretending to be Greene had purchased a vehicle.
Greene died in 1985 of cardiac arrest at their home at Kelling Hall, Norfolk, England, aged 66. Their daughter, Patricia, said they had never completely recovered from an injury sustained from a fall three years earlier. "He still had quite a fan club and was receiving letters requesting signed pictures", they said.
Filmography
Sing As We Go (1934) – Bit
Four Men and a Prayer (1938) – Geoffrey Leigh
My Lucky Star (1938) – Larry Taylor
Submarine Patrol (1938) – Perry Townsend III
Kentucky (1938) – Jack Dillon
The Little Princess (1939) – Geoffrey Hamilton
The Hound of the Baskervilles (1939) – Sir Henry Baskerville
Stanley and Livingstone (1939) – Gareth Tyce
Here I Am a Stranger (1939) – David Paulding
Little Old New York (1940) – Robert Fulton
I Was an Adventuress (1940) – Paul Vernay
Flying Fortress (1942) – James "Jim" Spence Jr.
Unpublished Story (1942) – Bob Randall
Yellow Canary (1943) – Lieutenant Commander Jim Garrick
Don't Take It to Heart (1944) – Peter Hayward
Gaiety George, also known as Showtime (1946) – George Howard
Forever Amber (1947) – Lord Harry Almsbury
The Fighting O'Flynn (1949) – Lord Philip Sedgemonth
The Fan (1949) – Lord Arthur Windermere
That Dangerous Age or If This Be Sin (1949) – Michael Barcleigh
Now Barabbas (1949) – Tufnell
The Desert Hawk (1950) – Omar aka The Desert Hawk
My Daughter Joy (Operation X) (1950) – Larry
Shadow of the Eagle (1950) – Count Alexei Orloff
The Rival of the Empress (1951) – Conte Alexei Orloff
Lorna Doone (1951) – John Ridd
The Black Castle (1952) – Sir Ronald Burton, alias Richard Beckett
Rogue's March (1953) – Capt. Thomas Garron
The Bandits of Corsica (1953) – Mario / Carlos
Captain Scarlett (1953) – Capt. Carlos Scarlett
Contraband Spain (1955) – Treasury Agent Lee Scott
Beyond the Curtain (1960) – Capt. Jim Kyle
Sword of Sherwood Forest (1960) – Robin Hood
Island of the Lost (1968) – Josh MacRae
The Blood of Fu Manchu (1968) – Sir Dennis Nayland-Smith
The Castle of Fu Manchu (1969) – Sir Dennis Nayland-Smith
Tales from the Crypt (1972) – Ralph Jason (segment 4 "Wish You Were Here")
References
External links
Paul Pert: "From Lens Hood to Robin Hood!"
Fishko Files, WNYC, 25 June 2010.
1918 births
1985 deaths
Military personnel from Plymouth, Devon
20th-century English male actors
20th Century Fox contract players
27th Lancers officers
British expatriate male actors in the United States
English male film actors
English male television actors
English people of Irish descent
English people of Scottish descent
British Army personnel of World War II
Seaforth Highlanders soldiers
Graduates of the Royal Military College, Sandhurst
Male actors from Plymouth, Devon
Iona Island is a island of the Hudson River in the town of Stony Point, New York, on its west bank. The island is located approximately south of the Bear Mountain Bridge and is separated from the Hudson's western shore by mudflats and freshwater tidal marshes. It is part of Bear Mountain State Park, although it is occasionally listed separately as Iona Island State Park. From 1899 to 1947 the island was used as the Naval Ammunition Depot Iona Island.
The island and its adjacent marsh were designated a National Natural Landmark in May 1974, and it is part of the Hudson River National Estuarine Research Reserve. It serves mainly as a bird sanctuary, particularly known as a winter nesting place for bald eagles.
Geography
Iona Island is transected by active River Subdivision (CSX Transportation) railroad tracks, but is accessible to the public only by a causeway connecting it to U.S. Route 9W in Bear Mountain State Park, near Doodletown. It is maintained by the Palisades Interstate Park Commission.
The southeastern part of the island, once cut off by marshes, is known as Round Island. It was attached to the south end of bedrock Iona Island with fill in the early 20th century. The hill on the western side, south of the causeway, was also once treated as separate, and referred to as Courtland Island. Snake Hole Creek originates in the low marshes towards the center of the island and flows southwesterly, then turning to the southeast and finally east in a long crescent to reach the Hudson. It separates the marshes of Salisbury Meadow, on the west side, from Ring Meadow, on the east side.
History
Native Americans spent the summers fishing from the island's shores, and named the island Wa-na-ka-wagh-kin, which has been translated as meaning "good land". Artifacts excavated on Iona Island are on display at the Bear Mountain Trailside Museum and Zoo. In 1683, members of the Van Cortlandt family purchased the land from the natives.
It was originally known as Salisbury Island, and later than Weyant's Island (for the local Weyant or Weiant family). The island has also been known as Beveridge's Island. It was occupied by British troops during the American Revolution.
In 1847, it was bought by John Beveridge for Dr. E. W. Grant, their son-in-law, who renamed it Iona Island and planted it with Iona grapes and fruit trees. Grant supplied the Union army with produce during the Civil War. In 1868, their creditors foreclosed on the island.
The island was purchased by a group of investors, and a summer resort was developed on the island. Grant's mansion home became a hotel, and the investors gradually added an amusement park with a carousel, Ferris wheel, dance floor, pavilion, and picnic grounds. It also had a dock to accommodate steamboats which brought pleasure-seekers up from New York City and New Jersey. The construction of the West Shore Railroad across the island in 1882 made it even more accessible to tourists.
In 1899, the island was bought by the U.S. Navy for use as a naval ammunition depot, becoming one of the largest ammunition facilities in the nation, at that time. On November 4, 1903 an explosion at the site killed six workers, and blew out windows across the river in Peekskill, three miles away. The explosion occurred while men were drawing the explosive charges from a consignment of old shells recently arrived from the battleship .
The depot supplied much of the munitions for both World War I and II, and remained in service until 1947. Approximately five of the original 164 arsenal buildings remain, which the park now uses for storage. Following World War II until the early 70s, the famous "mothball fleet" of decommissioned warships were moored near the island at Tomkins Cove.
The island was bought by the Palisades Interstate Park Commission in 1965. In 1974 it was named a National Natural Landmark by the National Park Service. As an active wildlife sanctuary, Iona Island is open to the public via a causeway off Route 9W. The island and its wildlife may be viewed from overlooks on nearby Route 6, as well as from overlooks within Bear Mountain State Park. Although public canoeing and kayaking is prohibited in the marsh itself, free guided canoeing programs to the marsh are offered during the summer. However, the waterway around the marsh are affected by tides and hence are "navigable-in-law" by the public.
Wildlife
The island was the subject of a bioblitz sponsored by the New York State Museum and the New York State Biodiversity Research Institute in September 2000.
List of identified bird species
See also
List of New York state parks
List of National Natural Landmarks in New York
References
Islands of Rockland County, New York
Bear Mountain State Park
Islands of the Hudson River
National Natural Landmarks in New York (state)
River islands of New York (state)
Uninhabited islands of New York (state)
Islands of New York (state)
Complete Works is a comedy web series first aired on the subscription website Hulu in 2014.
Background
Complete Works was written, produced and directed by Joe Sofranko and Adam North. It starred Joe Sofranko, Lili Fuller, Kevin Quinn, Vicki Lewis, Chase Williamson, Ben Sidell, Lizzie Fabie, Alex Skinner, Michael Keenan, Laurie O'Brien, Daniel Montgomery, Robert Merrill, Jason Greene and Jessica Pennington. The series aired on Hulu and is available to Hulu Plus subscribers. The series premiered on Hulu on William Shakespeare's 450th birthday. The competition is modeled after the English-Speaking Union's National Shakespeare Competition, won by Sofranko in 2004.
The entire series was shot in 20 days and originally created to be a 14-episode webseries and was later re-edited into five 30-minute episodes.
Plot
Complete Works is a half-hour comedy series set in the world of a collegiate Shakespeare competition. Hal, a naive Midwesterner attending community college, has been obsessed with Shakespeare since their Henry the Fourth birthday party. Winning the American Shakespeare Competition could pull them out of their boring life and give them the performing career they have always dreamed of. The only problem: they have never done an arts competition before. As they deal with the crazy challenges and the challenging crazies, Hal discovers that the road to victory is often paved with douchebag-ery.
Cast
Main cast
Joe Sofranko as Hal Evans
Lili Fuller as Pauline Williams
Kevin Quinn as James
Vicki Lewis as Ashley Spitzer
Chase Williamson as Oliver Belrose
Ben Sidell as Ian Greenblatt
Lizzie Fabie as Regan Conrad
Alex Skinner as Leo Wood
Michael Keenan as Damien George
Laurie O'Brien as Deborah Hunterschmidt
Daniel Montgomery as Loren Dalton
Robert Merrill as Jonathan Taylor Turner
Recurring cast
Jason Greene as Giorgio
Jessica Pennington as Maria
Episodes
References
External links
Complete Works on Hulu
Complete Works
2010s American comedy television series
2014 American television series debuts
American comedy web series
Works about William Shakespeare
High Bluff, also spelled Highbluff, is an unincorporated community in Geneva County, Alabama, United States. High Bluff is located on Alabama State Route 167, north-northwest of Hartford.
History
A post office operated under the name High Bluff from 1890 to 1906.
References
Unincorporated communities in Geneva County, Alabama
Unincorporated communities in Alabama
James Squires may refer to:
James Squire (1754–1822), or Squires, convict transported to Australia and brewer
James A. Squires, American railroad executive
James Radcliffe Squires (1917–1993), American poet, writer, critic, and academic
The Guyana Labour Party (GLP) was a political party in Guyana.
History
The party was established in 1992 as a breakaway from the Guyanese Action for Reform and Democracy, holding its first meeting on 19 August. It did not run in the October 1992 elections, instead advising its supporters to vote for the People's Progressive Party.
The party did contest the 1997 general elections in an alliance with the Working People's Alliance, with the joint list winning a single seat.
References
Defunct political parties in Guyana
1992 establishments in Guyana
Political parties established in 1992
Labour parties
Pj Perez (born August 4, 1976) is an American editor, writer, musician and filmmaker, best known for their reports and commentary on Las Vegas culture in such publications as Rolling Stone. Perez was the founding managing editor of Las Vegas-based Racket Magazine.
Writing
Perez made their first forays into publishing with self-published 'zines and poetry chapbooks in the early and mid-1990s while performing on the Las Vegas poetry circuit and singing in short-lived bands before beginning their freelance writing career with Las Vegas CityLife in 2000. After writing for a number of local and regional publications including Las Vegas Weekly and Las Vegas Mercury, Perez was recruited in late 2006 to launch a monthly lifestyle magazine called Racket. After Racket went on indefinite hiatus, Perez returned to freelance journalism, writing for publications such as Six Degrees and HRH magazines. They were previously the Las Vegas Fine Arts Examiner for Examiner.com.
Comics
In April 2009, Perez re-launched their comic book and pop culture website, Pop! Goes the Icon, as a boutique publishing label, and began writing and illustrating a weekly webcomic, The Utopian. The Utopian was collected in a trade paperback released in 2011, and a sequel collection called The Utopian Foundation followed in 2018.
Music
In the late 1990s, Perez played guitar in Morgana Athena, a Las Vegas-based gothic rock band whose single "E.S.P." was featured on Dim View of the Future, a gothic rock compilation released by a subsidiary of Triple X Records. They previously played drums and guitar in Las Vegas-based rock band As Yet Unbroken, and most recently, played bass guitar in Vegas-based indie rock band MOONBOOTS, which released a self-titled extended play record in 2016. Moonboots broke up later that year.
Filmmaking
Perez first ventured into filmmaking with the 2011 48-Hour Film Project short film Sugarhook. In August 2018, they posted a teaser trailer for Parkway of Broken Dreams, a documentary film about the cultural scene that developed near the University of Nevada, Las Vegas in the early 1990s. Parkway of Broken Dreams premiered in Las Vegas on October 13, 2021. It won the Audience Award for Best Documentary at the 2021 Silver State Film Festival.
In 2020, Perez released a television pilot for a proposed series called Notepads & Bar Tabs, developed with screenwriter Matthew Sorvillo.
Education
Perez graduated from the University of Nevada, Las Vegas with a dual bachelor's degree in journalism and sociology. While at UNLV, they temporarily served as editor-in-chief of The Rebel Yell, the campus' award-winning newspaper.
Notes
External links
Pj Perez's Official Website
Parkway of Broken Dreams official website
Interview in Las Vegas Sun
1976 births
Living people
American comics creators
American editors
American male writers
Guitarists from Nevada
Musicians from Las Vegas
21st-century American guitarists
The Coronation of Ardashir II is a rock relief that was carved between 379 and 383 by Ardashir II, the eleventh king of kings (shahanshah) of the Sasanian Empire. The rock relief is located in Taq-e Bostan in Iran.
The relief shows three standing figures wearing regalia; Ardashir being in the middle, flanked by two male figures. The figure to the right, who is giving the diadem to Ardashir originally used to recognized as the Zoroastrian supreme god Ahura Mazda, but is now agreed to be Shapur II due to the style of their crown, and which also fits well due to Shapur being the one designating Ardashir as shah to begin with. The two shahs are standing on the body of a fallen enemy, unmistakably a Roman, whose crown indicates that they are an emperor. The fallen figure is most likely supposed to represent the Roman emperor Julian, who invaded Iran in 363 and was killed west of the Sasanian capital of Ctesiphon. The figure standing to the far left, perceived by some to be the Zoroastrian prophet Zoroaster, is most likely the angelic divinity Mithra.  They are holding a raised barsom, thus sanctifying the investiture.
Gallery
References
Sources
Sasanian inscriptions
4th-century inscriptions
Archaeological sites in Iran
Tourist attractions in Kermanshah Province
Rock reliefs in Iran
Cultural depictions of Julian (emperor)
Murrough Ua Cellaigh (died 1186) was the 41st King of Uí Maine and 8th Chief of the Name.
Background
The previous king, Conchobar Maenmaige Ua Cellaigh, was killed in the Battle of The Connors in 1180 during an apparent rebellion against the king of Connacht.
Murrough was apparently a son of Tadhg Ua Cellaigh, who had been abducted and deposed in 1145 by Toirrdelbach mac Diarmata Ua Brien, King of Thomond.
New revolts
Rebellion apparently began again when during 1183–1186, further warfare broke out among the Uí Conchobair, which resulted in Ruaidrí Ua Conchobair been forced to resign the kingship in favor of their son, Conchobar Máenmaige Ua Conchobhair.
Conchobar Máenmaige swiftly dealt with Ua Cellaig, whose territory compromised the largest single lordship within the kingdom. The annals record their death at the hands of Ua Conchobair, who was assassinated in 1189.
Descendants
John O'Donovan stated in 1843 that Murrough's successor, Domnall Mór Ua Cellaigh (died 1221) was the ancestor of all the Ua Cellaigh's of Uí Maine extant by the 17th century.
This may simply mean that Murrough's family subsequently lost status and were no longer regarded a nobles, as their son, Aodh, was king when they died in 1206.
Annalistic references
:1181:
In that battle [Cath Criche Coirpre] also fell Hugh, the son of Conor O'Kelly ...[by] Flaherty O'Muldory, Lord of Tirconnell, [who] defeated the sons of the King of Connaught on the Saturday before Whitsuntide. The Annals state, “Sixteen of the sons of the lords and chieftains of Connaught were slain by the Kinel Connell, as well as many others, both of the nobles and the plebeians. They held the Connacians under subjection for a long time after this battle.
:1186:
Murrough, the son of Teige O'Kelly, Lord of Hy-Many, was slain by Conor Moinmoy O'Conor.
References
The Tribes and customs of Hy-Many, John O'Donovan, 1843
Annals of Ulster at CELT: Corpus of Electronic Texts at University College Cork
Annals of Tigernach at CELT: Corpus of Electronic Texts at University College Cork
Revised edition of McCarthy's synchronisms at Trinity College Dublin.
People from County Galway
12th-century Irish monarchs
Murrough
Kings of Uí Maine
Joseph Keble (1632 – 28 August 1710) was an English barrister and law reporter. As well as recording more than four thousand sermons preached in the chapel of Gray's Inn, Keble reported every case heard by the Court of King's Bench from 1661 until their death. Although they were in court every day, they were never known to have had a brief to represent a client.
Life
Keble was the son of Richard Keble, Commissioner of the Great Seal from 1649 to 1654. They were born in 1632 in the parish of St Giles-in-the-Fields, London and educated at the parish school in Holborn. They became a member of Gray's Inn in 1647. They attended the University of Oxford, matriculating from All Souls College in 1651 and obtaining a Bachelor of Civil Law degree in 1654. They were also made a Fellow of Jesus College, Oxford by the Parliamentary commissioners in 1648. They were called to the bar in 1653.
After becoming a barrister, they were never known to have a brief to represent a client in court. However, because the "disease of reporting was so strong upon him", they went to the Court of King's Bench every day from 1661 until their death in 1710 and wrote reports on the cases heard by the Court. They were regarded as a law reporter of considerable note "and of almost incredible industry". Many of their case reports were published as Reports in the court of queen's bench...from the 12th to the 30th year of the reign of Charles II (1685). More than 150 handwritten folios and quartos of case reports were left unpublished at their death. Their other writings included An Explanation of the Laws against Recusants (1681), and An Assistance to Justices of the Peace (1683). They also recorded more than four thousand sermons preached in the chapel of Gray's Inn. They died on 28 August 1710 in Holborn and was buried at Tuddenham, Suffolk where they were a property owner.
References
English barristers
Members of Gray's Inn
Fellows of Jesus College, Oxford
Alumni of All Souls College, Oxford
1632 births
1710 deaths
An Isoteniscope is a measuring device used to measure the vapor pressure of liquids. It consists of a submerged manometer and container holding the substance whose vapor pressure is being measured. The open end of the manometer is then connected to a pressure measuring device. A vacuum pump is used to adjust the pressure of the system and purify the sample.
Various ASTM vapor pressure measurement standards use the isoteniscope. Dr. Bertrand of the Missouri University of Science and Technology offers an interactive animation of a lab procedure using the isoteniscope on their web page.
References
Pressure gauges
is a Japanese actor. They played Ichigo Kurosaki in the rock musical Bleach.
Television dramas
Gokusen (2002) (Guest star)
Water Boys (2003)
Genseishin Justiriser (2004–2005)
Tumbling (Film) (2010)
Stage
Rock Musical Bleach - Ichigo Kurosaki
References
1985 births
Living people
Japanese male actors
QE2 Hospital may refer to:
New QEII Hospital, in Hertfordshire
Queen Elizabeth II Health Sciences Centre, in Halifax, Nova Scotia
Queen Elizabeth II Jubilee Hospital, in Brisbane, Australia
Undercover AD2025 Kei is a 2000 Japanese video game for the Sega Dreamcast.
Plot
The story starts with a police woman (Kei) and their boyfriend, who is also a police officer, responding to a terrorist call at a hotel. Them husband is blown up by a man named Lon Wei, and the game follows with Kei going on an undercover mission to avenge their dead boyfriend.
Gameplay
The game is a 3D action adventure shooter with auto-aim.
Development
The game was announced in 1999 in a hotel. It is for the Sega Dreamcast.
Reception
Critics largely gave the game negative reviews.
GameSpot.
IGN.
Consoles +
Gameplay RPG
Joypad
Dreamzone
References
External links
2000 video games
Japan-exclusive video games
Dreamcast games
Dreamcast-only games
Third-person shooters
Video games about police officers
Video games developed in Japan
Video games featuring female protagonists
Video games set in 2025
Hakusui Dam is a gravity concrete and fill dam (compound dam) located in Gifu Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for power production. The catchment area of the dam is 11.5 km2. The dam impounds about 1 ha of land when full and can store 29290 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was completed in 1963.
References
Dams in Gifu Prefecture
1963 establishments in Japan
Intha may refer to:
Intha people, a Tibeto-Burman ethnic group living in Burma
Intha, Homalin, a village in Homalin Township, Sagaing Region, Burma
Intha (gastropod), a genus of gastropods in the family Planorbidae
Dora Siliya (born October 8, 1970 , Kitwe ) is a politician in Zambia.  They are the former member of parliament for Petauke Central and the former Minister of Communication and Broadcasting.
Early Years
They were born in Kitwe and went to school in Mufulira . After graduating Kabulonga Girls secondary school in 1988, they commence their studies at the University of Zambia where they studied medicine. After two years, they left the University and began working at Zambian Television and Radio (ZNBC), then went back to university to study mass communication, while still employed at ZNBC. In 1996 they started work at the South African Broadcasting Corporation. In 1997 they graduated with a BA. They hold a Masters Degree in Development Economics from Cambridge University in the United Kingdom.
Career
Siliya became Television Controller , working directly with Duncan Mbazima, who was the Director-General. They left ZNBC and was employed in a European Union project of Private Sector Development for two years. In 2001, they were approached by the Movement for Multiparty Democracy to run for the National Assembly, which they did in Petauke. They were not successful and was transferred to the Zambian embassy in Cairo working for the deputy ambassador and was mainly devoted to trade relations. In 2006, they reappeared as parliamentary candidate for the MMD in Petauke. They once served as the Minister of Energy and Water Development, Minister of Agriculture, and Minister of Transport and Communication. On 14 February 2018, they were appointed by president Edgar Chagwa Lungu to become the Minister of information and subsequently the chief government spokesperson.
On 23 May 2020, Siliya tested positive for COVID-19.
Politics
Siliya was elected to the National Assembly in Zambia in 2006 in the constituency of Petauke-Central . In October 2006 they were appointed Deputy Minister of Economy, Trade and Industry.
References
1970 births
Women government ministers of Zambia
Movement for Multi-Party Democracy politicians
Patriotic Front (Zambia) politicians
University of Zambia alumni
Alumni of the University of Cambridge
Living people
Grazio Mercieca is a Maltese judge.
See also
Judiciary of Malta
References
Living people
20th-century Maltese judges
21st-century Maltese judges
Year of birth missing (living people)
Blindsided is the second studio album by the band Axium, and the first to be released with a label. It features David Cook (vocals, guitar); Bobby Kerr (drums); Jerron Nichols (bass); Tom Basile (bass); and Jeff Shrout (guitar); with guest vocals on ‘Hold' by Andy Skib (Midwest Kings (MWK)) and Mikey J (Mad Verb, New Science). The album was produced by Paul Johnson, Tom Basile, and Axium; recorded at “In The Can Mobile Studios” by Paul Johnson; and mixed and mastered by Tom Basile at Holy Toledo.
Track listing
Notes
"Hold," was picked up by AMC Theatres Movie Tunes and was played before previews on over 20,000 screens nationwide.
The band distributed a Blindsided Limited Edition CD at live shows in Warrensburg, MO and Kansas City, MO September 12 & 13, 2003. This limited edition included the 9 tracks of the original "Blindsided" album, plus a Bonus Track "Still" (3:19) written by David Cook.
References
External links
Allmusic.com
lastfm.com
2003 albums
Axium albums
"Tell It to the Moon" is a song by American singer-songwriter Martha Davis, which was released in 1988 as the second single from their debut solo studio album Policy. The song was written by Diane Warren and produced by Richie Zito. "Tell It to the Moon" failed to chart in the US, but peaked at number 65 on the Australian Music Report chart.
Background
"Tell It to the Moon" was written by Diane Warren, who had previously collaborated with Davis in around 1986–87 when they wrote a song together which was not recorded. A short time later, Davis was made aware of "Tell It to the Moon" and decided to record it for Policy. They revealed in a 1988 interview, "The song we [wrote together] was a good song, but it wasn't brilliant. Later on and somebody said, '[Diane's] written a song that sounds like something you'd write'. That's what hit writers do, they listen to your style and obviously we'd worked together, and so I heard it and I go, 'you know, it does sort of sound like something I'd write'. And then other people said, 'it sounds like a hit' and I go, 'hey, that's a good reason to put it on your album!'"
Speaking of the song's message, Davis commented in 1987, "It's a beautiful song. I would say it's like abstract frustration, being in love with someone that you can't touch and you can't even get up the gumption to actually tell them, so you've got to tell it to the moon."
Davis was later critical of Policy and the commercialised nature of the material. They told Louder Than War in 2017, "[After The Motels' split], the record company scrambled around and I'm singing Diane Warren songs... I was like, "holy crap, this is not right at all. More than anything I'm a writer. That's the main thing I am, the singing was a lucky kind of accident."
Music video
The song's music video was directed by David Fincher. It achieved breakout rotation on MTV.
Critical reception
On its release, Billboard commented, "There are no reasons why 'Don't Tell Me the Time' didn't score; programmers can redeem themselves with this equally engaging rock track from the former Motel." Cash Box predicted the song would be a "sure-fire Top 40 smash" and stated, "No doubt about it, the Motels sound was defined by the emotive voice Davis brought to the songs. This is as satisfying a performance as you'll hear from her." In Australia, Michael Wellham of The Canberra Times described it as a "four-minute Mills & Boon" which is "much the same standard as the other songs on Policy".
Track listing
7–inch single (US and Australasia)
"Tell It to the Moon" – 4:08
"Bridge of Sighs" – 3:53
7–inch promotional single (US)
"Tell It to the Moon" – 4:08
"Tell It to the Moon" – 4:08
12–inch promotional single (US)
"Tell It to the Moon" – 4:08
"Tell It to the Moon" – 4:08
Personnel
Credits are adapted from the Policy CD liner notes.
"Tell It to the Moon"
Martha Davis – vocals
Gary Falcone, Kipp Lennon, Carmen Twillie, Joe Pizzulo – backing vocals
Richie Zito – guitars
Steve Farris – guitar solo
Gary Chang – synthesizers
Randy Jackson – bass
Michael Baird – drums
Production
Richie Zito – producer
Phil Kaffel – engineer
David Leonard – mixing
Stephen Marcussen – mastering
Charts
Cover versions
In 2005, American singer Stephani Krise recorded a version which was released as a single in the US by Dauman Music. It reached number 16 on the Billboard Hot Dance Club Play chart in September 2005.
References
1987 songs
1988 singles
2005 singles
Capitol Records singles
Songs written by Diane Warren
Song recordings produced by Richie Zito
Corey Antonio Hawkins (born October 22, 1988) is an American actor.  They are known for their roles in the TV series The Walking Dead and 24: Legacy, as well as their portrayal of Dr. Dre in the 2015 film Straight Outta Compton. In 2017, they starred in the Broadway production Six Degrees of Separation, for which they received a nomination for the Tony Award for Best Actor in a Play. They also starred in Jordan Vogt-Roberts' monster film Kong: Skull Island (2017), Spike Lee's biographical crime-comedy BlacKkKlansman (2018), Michael Bay's action-comedy 6 Underground, and Jon M. Chu's musical film In the Heights (2021).
Life and career
Hawkins was born in Washington, D.C., where they were raised by their mother, a police officer. They attended the Duke Ellington School of the Arts, and graduated from the Juilliard School in New York City, a member of the drama division's "Group 40". While studying at Juilliard, Hawkins received the prestigious John Houseman Award for excellence in classical theatre. Upon graduation, they began a career starring Off-Broadway and guest-starring on television. Hawkins garnered a brief role in Marvel Studios' Iron Man 3 and went on to star opposite Liam Neeson and Julianne Moore in Universal Pictures' action-thriller Non-Stop.
In 2013, Hawkins made their Broadway debut as Tybalt in the revival of William Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet. In 2015, The Hollywood Reporter announced that Hawkins would join the cast of AMC's The Walking Dead as Heath, a key character from Robert Kirkman's comic series. Hawkins played Dr. Dre in the biopic Straight Outta Compton, from Universal Pictures, which was theatrically released on August 14, 2015, and grossed $201 million at the box office.
In 2017, Hawkins began playing a lead role in the 24 reboot 24: Legacy on Fox. Also that year, they co-starred in the film Kong: Skull Island, alongside Brie Larson, Samuel L. Jackson and Tom Hiddleston. In spring 2017, Hawkins played a limited-engagement run on Broadway in the play Six Degrees of Separation opposite Allison Janney and John Benjamin Hickey. They received a nomination for the Tony Award for Best Actor in a Play.
Hawkins performed "God Bless America" for the men's singles final at the 2017 U.S. Open.
Filmography
Film
Television
Theater
Awards and nominations
References
External links
https://www.ibdb.com/broadway-cast-staff/corey-hawkins-494991
1988 births
Living people
21st-century American male actors
African-American male actors
American male film actors
American male stage actors
American male television actors
Juilliard School alumni
Male actors from Washington, D.C.
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
New Freedom is a historic railway station located at New Freedom, York County, Pennsylvania. It was built about 1870 by the Northern Central Railway, and is a 1 1/2-story, rectangular frame building with a gable roof and overhanging eaves. The building ceased to be used as a railway station in 1960.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995 as the New Freedom Railroad Station, Northern Central Railway.
Gallery
References
Railway stations on the National Register of Historic Places in Pennsylvania
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1870
Transportation buildings and structures in York County, Pennsylvania
Former Pennsylvania Railroad stations
National Register of Historic Places in York County, Pennsylvania
1870 establishments in Pennsylvania
Railway stations closed in 1960
Amalprava Das, also known as Amal Prabha Das, was an Indian social worker, Gandhian and the founder of Kasturba Ashram at Sarania Hills, Assam, a self help group for women and their economic upliftment and Guwahati Yubak Sevadal, a non governmental organization working for the social development of harijans. The Government of India honoured them in 1954, with the award of Padma Shri, the fourth highest Indian civilian award for their contributions to the society, placing them among the first recipients of the award. A recipient of the 1981 Jamnalal Bajaj Award, Das was honoured again by the Government of India with the second highest civilian award of Padma Vibhushan which they declined to accept.
Biography
Amalprava was born on 12 November 1911 in a rich family to noted Gandhian couple, Hare Krishna Das and Hema Prabha Das in Dibrugarh in the Northeast Indian state of Assam. They did their schooling at local educational institutions, but was denied admission at the local Cotton College and had to move to Bethune College in Calcutta for college studies from where they passed the school leaving (or university entrance) examination in 1929. Later they joined the Scottish Church College and earned a bachelor's degree (BSc) in chemistry and a master's degree (MSc) in applied chemistry, and in so doing, became the first Assamese woman to obtain a master's degree in science. They continued their studies to gain a diploma in clinical pathology and refused a teaching job at the British run Cotton College citing patriotic reasons.
In 1934 Das had an opportunity to interact with Mahatma Gandhi when the leader of the Indian freedom movement stayed at their house during a visit to Guwahati. This meeting is reported to have influenced them and guided them in their future endeavors. They established Maitri Ashram (later renamed as Kasturba Ashram) in a property owned by their father in Sarania Hills which was later donated to Kasturba Memorial Trust. Under the aegis of the ashram, they organized training for the womenfolk of the village in cottage industries so that they might become financially self-reliant. They also founded several institutions such as Gram Sevika Vidyalaya, Kasturba Kalyan Kendra, Gauhati Katai Mandal, Guwahati Yubak Sevadal and Assam Go-Seva Samiti.
When the Government of India introduced the Padma Awards in 1954, they were included for the award of Padma Shri. They received the Jamnalal Bajaj Award in 1981 for "Outstanding Contribution in Constructive Work". The Government of India selected them later for the second highest civilian award of Padma Vibhushan, but they declined the award due to apathy towards public honours. Them life and times have been recorded in the book, A Biography, published in 1986, after their demise. The Department of Social Welfare of the Government of Assam has instituted an award in their honour, Amal Prava Das Award which is being awarded for commitment and excellence in social service since 2013. The department is in the process of making a documentary depicting the life of Amalprava Das.
See also
Kasturba Gandhi
Shakuntala Choudhary
References
Recipients of the Padma Shri in public affairs
1911 births
People from Dibrugarh district
Scholars from Assam
Social workers
Gandhians
Year of death missing
Bethune College alumni
Scottish Church College alumni
University of Calcutta alumni
20th-century Indian women
20th-century Indian educational theorists
Women educators from Assam
Educators from Assam
Indian independence activists from Assam
Women Indian independence activists
Social workers from Assam
20th-century women educators
Ron Hector Meadmore (December 26, 1933 – August 3, 2013) was a Canadian football player who played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers. They won the Grey Cup with them in 1958, 1959, 1961 and 1962. They also played for three years with the Saskatchewan Roughriders. Meadmore married Marion Ironquill, the first indigenous lawyer of Canada, in 1954. After their football career, they were a farmer. They died in 2013.
References
1933 births
Players of Canadian football from Manitoba
Winnipeg Blue Bombers players
2013 deaths
"The Three Strangers" is a short story by Thomas Hardy from 1883.
Background
The story is a pastoral history told by an omniscient narrator more than 50 years after the event. The sheep-stealer is a kind of folk hero who stole to survive and escaped by outsmarting their hangman.
Casterbridge was the name for Dorchester in Thomas Hardy's Wessex.
Publication
"The Three Strangers" was published in Longman's Magazine and Harper's Weekly in March 1883. Five years later it became the first of five stories in Hardy's Wessex Tales.
References
External links
Works by Thomas Hardy
1883 short stories
Works originally published in Harper's Magazine
WELS-FM (102.9 FM), also known as Beach Boogie and Blues 102.9 is an American radio station licensed to serve the community of Kinston, North Carolina, United States. The station is owned by Curtis Media Group, via licensee Eastern Airwaves, LLC., and broadcasts a format consisting of rhythmic oldies and Carolina Beach music, targeting eastern North Carolina.
The station's programming is also heard in nearby Greenville on full-signalled WNCT (1070 AM), in addition to FM translator signals in New Bern, Jacksonville and Winterville/Greenville.
WELS-FM also features news programming from North Carolina News Network.
History
For many years, WELS-FM aired a gospel music format, simulcast with their AM sister station (1150 AM). On February 14, 2013, after an ownership change the station changed to classic hits as "102.9 WELS". The AM station switched to a news/talk format.
On June 27, 2017 WELS-FM changed their format from classic hits to beach music, as "Beach, Boogie and Blues," simulcasting WNCT (1070 AM) in Greenville.
Translators
In addition to the two originating stations WELS and WNCT, "Beach, Boogie and Blues" is relayed by an additional three FM translators to expand its broadcast area. The translators are fed by WIKS-HD2.
Former logo
References
External links
BeachBoogieandBlues.com
ELS-FM
Lenoir County, North Carolina
Radio stations established in 1971
Theodore Weld Pepoon (August 29, 1836 – 1910) was a Republican Nebraska politician and publisher, living and working in Pawnee County and nearby areas.  They are principally remembered for their work on reforming Nebraska's agricultural laws and for their stint in the 1880s as publisher of the Falls City Journal.
Early life and education
Pepoon was born in Lake County, Ohio on August 29, 1836. Their fiercely abolitionist parents named them after Theodore Weld.
They moved with their parents and siblings to Jo Daviess County in far northwestern Illinois in 1850. For a time they attended the Mount Carroll Seminary (known today as Shimer College), where their sister was serving as an instructor of mathematics. They later leveraged this "practical education" for work as a teacher and a railroad clerk. In 1860, Pepoon married another former student of the Mount Carroll Seminary, Susan Robinson. They were from nearby Savanna, and was four years their junior.
On March 29, 1865, Pepoon joined the 96th Illinois infantry, later transferring to Company K of the 21st infantry. They did not see action, and mustered out in January 1866. According to their account, they did not join the Union army earlier only because they had been unable to leave the family farm unattended, all four of their brothers having enlisted.
In 1869, Pepoon and other members of their family moved to Table Rock, Nebraska, where they purchased a 250-acre homestead.
Career
In 1876, Pepoon was elected to the Nebraska State Senate, the state legislature then being bicameral. Among the legislation that they successfully sponsored was an 1877 amendment to the state railroad law, requiring railroad companies to reimburse livestock owners for livestock struck by trains. Another required that livestock cars be cleaned to help "prevent the spread of hog cholera and kindred diseases."
In 1881, Pepoon bought a half-interest in the Falls City Journal, and moved to Falls City to work as the paper's editor and publisher. In this capacity, they strove to ensure that the paper reflected their own Radical Republican sensibilities. They remained connected with the paper until 1885.
Pepoon and their wife moved to Hardy, Arkansas in the late 1890s. When they died a few years later, Pepoon went to live with their daughters in Thayer, Missouri. They died there in October or November 1910.
Works cited
References
External links
Nebraska state senators
Shimer College alumni
1836 births
1910 deaths
19th-century American politicians
People from Lake County, Ohio
People from Jo Daviess County, Illinois
People from Pawnee County, Nebraska
People from Falls City, Nebraska
People of Illinois in the American Civil War
Donal "Donie" Kingston (born 12 August 1990) is a Gaelic footballer from County Laois. They had played with Barrowhouse for a short while before being granted a transfer citing residential reasons, in which they transferred to senior club Arles Killeen.
Career Statistics
As of 26 July 2022
References
1990 births
Living people
Arles-Killeen Gaelic footballers
Laois inter-county Gaelic footballers
A swimming pool is an artificially enclosed body of water that can be used for swimming.
Swimming pool may also refer to:
Film and television
Swimming Pool (1976 film), a Malayalam language film
Swimming Pool (2001 film), a German slasher film with James McAvoy, known in Germany as Der Tod feiert mit
Swimming Pool (2003 film), a film directed by Francois Ozon, with Charlotte Rampling and Ludivine Sagnier
The Swimming Pool, also known as La Piscine, a 1969 French–Italian film with Alain Delon and Romy Schneider
The Swimming Pool (1977 film), a Bulgarian film
The Swimming Pool (2012 film), a Cuban film
"The Swimming Pool", an episode of The Flintstones – see List of The Flintstones episodes#Season 1 (1960–1961)
Music
Swimming Pool (album), 1998 and last album by Al Jones
"Swimming Pool", the original title of "I'll Hold My Breath" by Ellie Goulding from their debut album Lights (2010)
"Swimming Pool", a 2019 song by Red Velvet from their Japanese EP Sappy
"Swimming Pools" (Drank), 2012 song by rapper Kendrick Lamar
"Swimming Pools", a song by Troye Sivan from the deluxe edition of the 2015 album Blue Neighbourhood
Other uses
Olympic-size swimming pool
Lido (outdoor swimming pool)
Swimming Pool, a marina-front portion of the Circuit de Monaco of the Monaco Grand Prix, in Monte-Carlo, Monaco
See also
Public Swimming Pools in Hong Kong
La Piscine (disambiguation)
:Category:Swimming venues
Westbury College Gatehouse () is a 15th-century gatehouse to the 13th-century College of Priests located in Westbury-on-Trym, Bristol, England, and now a National Trust property.
History
The Gatehouse originally formed part of Westbury College, a residence for the dean and canons of Holy Trinity Church. The college building was fortified with towers, turrets and battlements surrounding a quadrangle, onto which the gatehouse opened. The college itself had been founded earlier, but these buildings were erected between 1459 and 1469 by John Carpenter, Bishop of Worcester and Westbury. William Canynge, the notable Bristol merchant and politician, may have contributed to their construction. They trained for the priesthood in Westbury from 1467 and was made dean in 1469.
In 1544, after the Dissolution of the Monasteries, the college became a private dwelling. In 1643 during the English Civil War it was burnt by Prince Rupert's forces, to prevent its use by Parliamentarian troops. By 1771, a Georgian house had been built alongside the gatehouse. Now, the only other surviving parts of the original college are two round towers and the retaining wall alongside the River Trym. These can be seen from College Road and Trym Road.
Current use
Westbury College Gatehouse is a Grade I listed building. The College Gatehouse was acquired in 1907 by the National Trust, and is currently on a 100 year lease to Holy Trinity Church. It is managed by the church as a local meeting place, and is regularly used by the church youth groups, as well as the local Air Cadets 2442 Squadron and the local school Westbury Primary's After School Club.
Tours of the building can be arranged via the National Trust office at Leigh Woods in Bristol.
References
External links
Westbury College Gatehouse information at the National Trust
Buildings and structures completed in 1469
Grade I listed buildings in Bristol
Grade I listed gates
Gates in England
National Trust properties in Bristol
Westbury-on-Trym
Gatehouses (architecture)
At the Raßberg is one of the highest mountains in the Eifel region on the German and Belgian border. It lies within the municipality of Arft in the collective municipality of Vordereifel within sight of the Eifel's highest peak, the Hohe Acht.
Walking
Walkers and naturalists are drawn to its juniper heaths. It is accessible to the public via the Juniper Trail (Wacholderwanderweg), which runs for 15 km through the protected juniper reserve of the East Eifel.
History
There are good views from its largely unforested plateau, on which there is a US steel lattice mast. This was the previous location of Arft Radio Relay station (AFCC designation Adenau) maintained by the Air Force Communications Command now Air Force Network Integration Center and United States Air Force Europe USAFE. Arft was an unmanned microwave relay station linking the 2139th Communication Squadron at Prum Air Station and various points in Germany.
References
Mountains and hills of the Eifel
Mountains and hills of Rhineland-Palatinate
Mountains under 1000 metres
Tierra del Fuego Igneous and Metamorphic Complex is a geological basement complex known from boreholes in northern Tierra del Fuego. The complex is made up of foliated igneous rocks of Cambrian age including orthogneiss. It underlies unconformably the Jurassic Tobífera Formation. The protoliths of Cordillera Darwin Metamorphic Complex are unrelated to Tierra del Fuego Igneous and Metamorphic Complex despite present-day proximity.
References
Cambrian South America
Geology of Magallanes Region
Metamorphic complexes
Lithodemic units of Argentina
Lithodemic units of Chile
Adelbert is a given name of German origin, which means "noble bright" or "noble shining", derived from the words adal (meaning noble) and berht (shining or bright). Alternative spellings include Adalbart and Adalberto. Related names include Albert and Elbert. The name Adelbert may refer to:
Adelbert Althouse (1869–1954), American politician
Adelbert Ames (1835–1933), American politician
Adelbert Ames Jr. (1880–1955), American scientist
Adelbert Anson (1840–1909), English-born Canadian clergyman
Adelbert S. Atherton (1850–1920), American politician
Adelbert Bleekman (1846–1908), American politician
Adelbert Brownlow-Cust, 3rd Earl Brownlow (1844–1921), British soldier, courtier and Conservative politician
Adelbert Bryan (fl. 1980s–2000s), U.S. Virgin Islands politician
Adelbert Rinaldo Buffington (1837–1922), United States Army Brigadier General
Adelbert Cronkhite (1861–1937), career United States Army officer
Adelbert Delbrück (1822–1890), German banker
Adelbert Heinrich Graf von Baudissin (1820–1871), German writer
Adelbert Edward Hanna (1863–1918), Canadian politician
Adelbert Everson (1841–1913), American Civil War soldier
Adelbert Ford (1890–1976), American psychologist
Adelbert Jenkins (fl. 1960s–2000s), African American clinical psychologistknown for their humanistic approach to Black psychology
Adelbert J. McCormick (1845–1903), American merchant and politician
Adelbert Mühlschlegel (1897–1980), prominent German Baháʼí
Adelbert Niemeyer (1867–1932), German painter
Adelbert Nongrum (fl. 2010s–2020s), Indian politician
Adelbert H. Roberts (1866–1937), first African-American to serve in the Illinois Senate
Adelbert Schulz (1903–1944), German general
Adelbert St. John (1931–2009), Canadian-Austrian professional ice hockey player
Adelbert Delos Thorp (1844–1919), American farmer, fisherman, and Wisconsin pioneer
Adelbert L. Utt (1856–1936), American politician
Adelbert Van de Walle (1922–2006), Belgian architect and art historian
Adelbert von Chamisso (1781–1838), German writer
Adelbert von Keller (1812–1883), German scholar
Adelbert Waldron (1933–1995), United States Army sniper
Adelbert Theodor Wangemann (1855–1906), German-born American laboratory assistant to Thomas Edison
See also
Adalbert, a given name
Adalberto, a given name
Adelbert, Missouri
Aldebert (disambiguation)
Masculine given names
German masculine given names
Brian Tucker is a seismologist.
Brian or Bryan Tucker may also refer to:
Brian Tucker (executive), golf developer and executive
Brian Tucker (screenwriter), American film screenwriter
Brian Tucker (writer), Canadian writer
Bryan Tucker, Saturday Night Live writer
Chunja or Chun-ja may refer to:
Chunja, Rapti, village in Nepal
Chunja (singer), South Korean singer
Chunja (name), Korean female given name
See also
Biswajit Chakraborty, (born 29 October 1948) is an Indian film actor who appears predominantly in Bengali movies. They were born in Kolkata, West Bengal. Their debut movie was Sunya Theke Suru directed by Ashoke Viswanathan. They have acted in more than 100 movies including Autograph, Bye Bye Bangkok, and Bollywood movie Kahaani 2.
Filmography
Rajnandini (2021)
Television series
Mithai (4 January 2021 to present)
Soudaminir Sansar (17 June 2019 to 2021)
Didi No.1 (2016)
Awards
References
External links
1948 births
Male actors from Kolkata
Living people
Bengali actors
Indian male film actors
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Kurunegala (Lat: Dioecesis Kurunegalaensis) is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Sri Lanka.
Erected as the Diocese of Kurunegala in 1987, from territory in the Diocese of Chilaw, the diocese is suffragan to the Archdiocese of Colombo.
The current bishop is Harold Anthony Perera, who was appointed in 2009.
Ordinaries
Anthony Leopold Raymond Peiris (15 May 1987 Appointed - 14 May 2009 Resigned)
Harold Anthony Perera (14 May 2009 Appointed – present)
See also
Catholic Church in Sri Lanka
Kurunegala
The following is a list of churches in Hartlepool.
No active churches are known in the civil parishes of Dalton Piercy, Brierton, Claxton and Newton Bewley.
The borough has an estimated 37 churches for 92,500 inhabitants, a ratio of one church to every 2,500 people.
References
Churches
Von Bulow v. Von Bulow, 811 F.2d 136 (2nd Cir. 1987), was a case appealed from a contempt ruling after a United States District Court rejected the claim of a reporter's privilege by Claus von Bulow and Andrea Reynolds.
Reynolds, a paralegal, appealed a contempt ruling after they refused to submit an unpublished document for discovery. The United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit upheld the contempt order. The Court reasoned that a person who had gathered information for private use without the intent to gather the information as part of an investigation for a publication was not entitled to a reporter's privilege.
See also
First Amendment to the United States Constitution
Branzburg v. Hayes
In re Madden
References
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit cases
1987 in United States case law
United States discovery case law
Mount Thrace () is a peak rising to 1800 m at the southeast side of Mount Boreas, Olympus Range, in the McMurdo Dry Valleys. It is connected by a ridge to the Mount Boreas massif. In association with the names of figures in Greek mythology grouped in the range, named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) (2004) after Thrace, legendary home of Boreas (Mount Boreas, q.v.).
Mountains of Victoria Land
McMurdo Dry Valleys
Sensation is a 1931 thriller play by the British writer Charles Bennett.
It ran for 59 performances at the Lyceum Theatre in London's West End. The cast included Eve Gray, Sam Livesey, Roger Livesey, Henry Cass and Edgar Norfolk.
References
Bibliography
Wearing, J.P. The London Stage 1930-1939: A Calendar of Productions, Performers, and Personnel. Rowman & Littlefield, 2014.
1931 plays
British plays
Thriller plays
West End plays
Maha Thiri Thudhamma Khin Kyi (16 April 1912 – 27 December 1988) () was a Burmese politician and diplomat, best known for their marriage to the country's leader, Aung San, with whom they had four children, including Aung San Suu Kyi. They served as the Minister of Social Welfare and MP of the Pyithu Hluttaw for Lanmadaw Township.
Early life and career
Khin Kyi was born on 16 April 1912 in Myaungmya during the British Raj to parents Pho Hnyin and Phwa Su. Although it is rumored that Khin Kyi themselves was an ethnic Karen Christian, they were in fact a Buddhist of Bamar ancestry. As their family lived in the Irrawaddy delta, heavily populated by ethnic Karens, their father Pho Hnyin converted to Christianity (baptised in the Baptist Church) as a young man, while their mother was a staunch Buddhist.
They grew up in Myaungmya, an Irrawaddy delta town, the eighth of 10 brothers and sisters. Khin Kyi attended the American Baptist Mission-run Kemmendine Girls School (now Basic Education High School No. 1 Kyimyindaing) in Rangoon, and continued their tertiary education at the Teachers' Training College (TTC) in Moulmein. They then went on to become a teacher at the National School in their hometown, before deciding to give it up altogether to join the nursing profession against their mother's wishes, following the footsteps of their two elder sisters, who were at the time, training to become nurses. Khin Kyi moved to Rangoon and joined the staff of the Rangoon General Hospital as a nursing probationer.
Khin Kyi first met Aung San in 1942, when they were recovering from injuries sustained during the Burma Campaign, at the Rangoon General Hospital, where they served as a senior nurse. The couple wed in September of that year.
Political career
They served as a member of parliament in the country's first post-independence government from 1947 to 1948, representing Rangoon's Lanmadaw Township, the constituency that their husband had won. In 1953, they were appointed as Burma's first Minister of Social Welfare.
Khin Kyi served as the various posts including director of the Burma Women's Association from 1947-53, chair of the Social Welfare Planning Commission from 1953-58, chair of the Union of Burma Social Welfare Council, chair of Mother and Child Welfare, chair of the Child Welfare Council, chair of Health and Public Affairs Committee, chair of the Union of Burma Women's Associations Council, chair of the Association for the Advancement of Democracy, chief scout of the Burma Women's Scout Association, administrator of the Myanmar Ambulance Service, abd vice-chair of Ramakrishna Missionary Hospital and Library.
In 1953, following the death of their second oldest son, Aung San Lin, the family moved from their house on Tower Lane (now Bogyoke Museum Lane), near Kandawgyi Lake, to a colonial-era villa by the shores of Inya Lake, on University Avenue Road. Their former house was converted to the Bogyoke Aung San Museum in 1962.
In 1960, Khin Kyi was appointed as Burma's Ambassador to India, and became the country's first woman to serve as the head of a diplomatic mission. During their tenure in New Delhi, Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru specially arranged for Khin Kyi and Suu Kyi to live on 24 Akbar Road, in a colonial-era complex designed by Edwin Lutyens. The site, then called "Burma House," is now the national headquarters of the Indian National Congress.
Death
They died in Rangoon on 27 December 1988, at the age of 76, after suffering a severe stroke. Them funeral, held on 2 January 1989, was attended by over 200,000 people, despite the presence of military trucks which intervened to try to prevent this gathering.  They are buried at Kandawmin Garden Mausolea on Shwedagon Pagoda Road in Yangon.
In 2012, their daughter Aung San Suu Kyi founded the Daw Khin Kyi Foundation. It is named in their honour. It works to improve the education, health and welfare of the people of Myanmar.
Family
They married Aung San on 7 September 1942. The pair had four children, 2 sons: Aung San Oo and Aung San Lin (who died by drowning at the age of 8) and 2 daughters: Aung San Suu Kyi and Aung San Chit, who died after delivery.
See also
Daw Khin Kyi Foundation
References
1912 births
1988 deaths
Aung San Suu Kyi
Ambassadors of Myanmar to India
Government ministers of Myanmar
People from Ayeyarwady Region
Burmese people of World War II
Women government ministers of Myanmar
20th-century women politicians
Burmese nurses
Burmese women diplomats
Women ambassadors
Supercar Street Challenge is a racing video game developed by Exakt Entertainment and published by Activision for PlayStation 2 and Windows in 2001.
Gameplay
In this game, the player has the power to design, build, and race their own dream car. They can choose their car from the Saleen S7 to the Lotus Concept Vehicle M220 to the Callaway C12; customize their own vehicle in the Steve Saleen Styling Studio; and race down the environments in London, Paris, Monaco, Los Angeles, Munich, Rome, and Turin.
Reception
The PlayStation 2 version received "mixed" reviews, while the PC version received "generally unfavorable reviews", according to the review aggregation website Metacritic. Scott Steinberg of Next Generation said the former console version had "Standard automotive thrills with a mildly amusing twist – vehicle design options." In Japan, where said console version was ported and published by Success on 21 November 2002, Famitsu gave it a score of 26 out of 40.
References
External links
2001 video games
Activision games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
PlayStation 2 games
Racing video games
Success (company) games
Windows games
Video games developed in the United States
The Holland Range () is a rugged coastal mountain range in Antarctica, about long, lying just west of the Ross Ice Shelf and extending from Robb Glacier to Lennox-King Glacier. It was named by the Ross Sea Committee for Sir Sidney Holland, who as Prime Minister of New Zealand supported that nation's participation in the Commonwealth Trans-Antarctic Expedition (1956–58).
References
Mountain ranges of the Ross Dependency
Shackleton Coast
Lillie Glacier () is a large glacier in Antarctica, about long and wide. It lies between the Bowers Mountains on the west and the Concord Mountains and Anare Mountains on the east, flowing to the Ob' Bay on the coast and forming the Lillie Glacier Tongue.
The glacier tongue (), the prominent seaward extension of the glacier into the Ob' Bay, was discovered by the British Antarctic Expedition, 1910–13, when the Terra Nova explored westward of Cape North in February 1911. It was named by the expedition for Dennis G. Lillie, a biologist on the Terra Nova. The name Lillie has since been extended to the entire glacier.
The lower half of the glacier was plotted by the Australian National Antarctic Research Expedition (Thala Dan) in 1962, which explored the area and utilized air photos taken by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump, 1946–47. The whole feature was mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1960–62.
See also
List of glaciers in the Antarctic
Lloyd Icefall
References
Glaciers of Pennell Coast
The 1989–90 Pittsburgh Penguins season saw the Penguins finish fifth in the Patrick Division and not qualify for the playoffs.
Regular season
The Penguins allowed the most short-handed goals during the regular season, with 21.
All-Star Game
The 41st National Hockey League All-Star Game was held in Civic Arena in Pittsburgh, home to the Pittsburgh Penguins, on January 21, 1990. The game saw the team of all-stars from the Wales conference defeat the Campbell conference all-stars 12–7. Mario Lemieux was named the game's Most Valuable Player.
Season standings
Schedule and results
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 1 || Oct 5 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 4–5 || Boston Bruins || 0–1–0 || 0
|- style="background:#ffc;"
| 2 || Oct 7 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 4–4 || New Jersey Devils || 0–1–1 || 1
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 3 || Oct 10 || Winnipeg Jets || 1–5 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 1–1–1 || 3
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 4 || Oct 14 || Montreal Canadiens || 1–2 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 2–1–1 || 5
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 5 || Oct 15 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 2–4 || New York Rangers || 2–2–1 || 5
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 6 || Oct 17 || Toronto Maple Leafs || 5–7 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–2–1 || 7
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 7 || Oct 18 || St. Louis Blues || 9–3 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–3–1 || 7
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 8 || Oct 21 || Buffalo Sabres || 4–2 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–4–1 || 7
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 9 || Oct 25 || Toronto Maple Leafs || 8–6 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–5–1 || 7
|- style="background:#ffc;"
| 10 || Oct 26 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–3 || Detroit Red Wings || 3–5–2 || 8
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 11 || Oct 28 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 1–5 || Montreal Canadiens || 3–6–2 || 8
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 12 || Oct 31 || Los Angeles Kings || 8–4 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–7–2 || 8
|-
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 13 || Nov 2 || New York Islanders || 2–5 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 4–7–2 || 10
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 14 || Nov 4 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–1 || Edmonton Oilers || 5–7–2 || 12
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 15 || Nov 5 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–5 || Vancouver Canucks || 5–8–2 || 12
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 16 || Nov 9 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–4 || Chicago Blackhawks || 5–9–2 || 12
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 17 || Nov 11 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–8 || St. Louis Blues || 5–10–2 || 12
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 18 || Nov 14 || New York Rangers || 0–6 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 6–10–2 || 14
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 19 || Nov 16 || Quebec Nordiques || 2–8 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 7–10–2 || 16
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 20 || Nov 18 || New York Islanders || 3–5 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 8–10–2 || 18
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 21 || Nov 22 || New Jersey Devils || 6–3 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 8–11–2 || 18
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 22 || Nov 24 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 7–4 || Washington Capitals || 9–11–2 || 20
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 23 || Nov 25 || Washington Capitals || 4–1 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 9–12–2 || 20
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 24 || Nov 28 || Philadelphia Flyers || 6–3 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 9–13–2 || 20
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 25 || Nov 30 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 1–4 || Philadelphia Flyers || 9–14–2 || 20
|-
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 26 || Dec 2 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 7–4 || Quebec Nordiques || 10–14–2 || 22
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 27 || Dec 6 || Washington Capitals || 3–5 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 11–14–2 || 24
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 28 || Dec 8 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–2 || New Jersey Devils || 12–14–2 || 26
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 29 || Dec 9 || Chicago Blackhawks || 6–4 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 12–15–2 || 26
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 30 || Dec 12 || Boston Bruins || 5–7 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 13–15–2 || 28
|- style="background:#ffc;"
| 31 || Dec 14 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 4–4 || Minnesota North Stars || 13–15–3 || 29
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 32 || Dec 16 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–4 || Calgary Flames || 13–16–3 || 29
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 33 || Dec 19 || Hartford Whalers || 8–4 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 13–17–3 || 29
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 34 || Dec 21 || Washington Capitals || 2–5 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 14–17–3 || 31
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 35 || Dec 23 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 6–8 || New York Islanders || 14–18–3 || 31
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 36 || Dec 26 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–6 || Washington Capitals || 14–19–3 || 31
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 37 || Dec 27 || New York Rangers || 4–7 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 15–19–3 || 33
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 38 || Dec 31 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 5–4 || New York Rangers || 16–19–3 || 35
|-
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 39 || Jan 2 || Boston Bruins || 5–2 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 16–20–3 || 35
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 40 || Jan 4 || Vancouver Canucks || 3–4 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 17–20–3 || 37
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 41 || Jan 6 || Winnipeg Jets || 3–5 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 18–20–3 || 39
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 42 || Jan 8 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 7–5 || New York Rangers || 19–20–3 || 41
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 43 || Jan 10 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–6 || New Jersey Devils || 19–21–3 || 41
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 44 || Jan 12 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 6–4 || Washington Capitals || 20–21–3 || 43
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 45 || Jan 16 || Philadelphia Flyers || 3–4 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 21–21–3 || 45
|- style="background:#ffc;"
| 46 || Jan 18 || New York Rangers || 3–3 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 21–21–4 || 46
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 47 || Jan 23 || New Jersey Devils || 4–2 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 21–22–4 || 46
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 48 || Jan 25 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 5–3 || Detroit Red Wings || 22–22–4 || 48
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 49 || Jan 27 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–9 || New York Islanders || 22–23–4 || 48
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 50 || Jan 28 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 2–7 || Buffalo Sabres || 22–24–4 || 48
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 51 || Jan 30 || Philadelphia Flyers || 6–3 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 22–25–4 || 48
|-
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 52 || Feb 2 || Edmonton Oilers || 3–6 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 23–25–4 || 50
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 53 || Feb 3 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 4–8 || Toronto Maple Leafs || 23–26–4 || 50
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 54 || Feb 6 || New York Islanders || 8–7 OT || Pittsburgh Penguins || 23–27–4 || 50
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 55 || Feb 8 || Washington Capitals || 5–7 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 24–27–4 || 52
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 56 || Feb 10 || Los Angeles Kings || 6–7 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 25–27–4 || 54
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 57 || Feb 11 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 4–1 || Philadelphia Flyers || 26–27–4 || 56
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 58 || Feb 14 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 4–3 || New York Rangers || 27–27–4 || 58
|- style="background:#ffc;"
| 59 || Feb 16 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–3 || Winnipeg Jets || 27–27–5 || 59
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 60 || Feb 18 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 4–6 || Chicago Blackhawks || 27–28–5 || 59
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 61 || Feb 20 || Philadelphia Flyers || 4–6 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 28–28–5 || 61
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 62 || Feb 22 || New York Islanders || 3–4 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 29–28–5 || 63
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 63 || Feb 24 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 1–11 || Montreal Canadiens || 29–29–5 || 63
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 64 || Feb 26 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 2–3 || Quebec Nordiques || 29–30–5 || 63
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 65 || Feb 28 || New Jersey Devils || 1–2 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 30–30–5 || 65
|-
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 66 || Mar 2 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 5–6 || New Jersey Devils || 30–31–5 || 65
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 67 || Mar 4 || Minnesota North Stars || 6–8 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 31–31–5 || 67
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 68 || Mar 6 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–4 OT || Edmonton Oilers || 31–32–5 || 67
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 69 || Mar 7 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–6 || Calgary Flames || 31–33–5 || 67
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 70 || Mar 10 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 2–8 || Los Angeles Kings || 31–34–5 || 67
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 71 || Mar 11 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–5 || Vancouver Canucks || 31–35–5 || 67
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 72 || Mar 15 || Detroit Red Wings || 1–6 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 32–35–5 || 69
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 73 || Mar 17 || Minnesota North Stars || 6–2 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 32–36–5 || 69
|- style="background:#ffc;"
| 74 || Mar 18 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 2–2 || New York Islanders || 32–36–6 || 70
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 75 || Mar 22 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–5 || Philadelphia Flyers || 32–37–6 || 70
|- style="background:#ffc;"
| 76 || Mar 24 || Calgary Flames || 3–3 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 32–37–7 || 71
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 77 || Mar 25 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 2–4 || Hartford Whalers || 32–38–7 || 71
|- style="background:#ffc;"
| 78 || Mar 27 || Hartford Whalers || 3–3 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 32–38–8 || 72
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 79 || Mar 29 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 4–5 || St. Louis Blues || 32–39–8 || 72
|- style="background:#fcf;"
| 80 || Mar 31 || Buffalo Sabres || 3–2 OT || Pittsburgh Penguins || 32–40–8 || 72
|-
|- style="text-align:center;"
| Legend: = Win = Loss = Tie
Playoffs
The Penguins missed the playoffs, despite qualifying the previous year.
Player statistics
Skaters
Goaltenders
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining the Penguins. Stats reflect time with the Penguins only.
‡Denotes player was traded mid-season. Stats reflect time with the Penguins only.
Awards and records
Mario Lemieux, All-Star Game MVP
Mario Lemieux became the first person to score 800 points for the Penguins. They did so in a 4–3 win over Vancouver on January 4.
Mario Lemieux established a new franchise record for goals (345). They broke the previous records of 316 held by Jean Pronovost.
Paul Coffey established a franchise record for goals (74) by a defenseman. They broke the previous records of 66 held by both Ron Stackhouse and Randy Carlyle.
Rod Buskas set a franchise record for penalty minutes (959). They had led the category since the previous season.
Transactions
The Penguins were involved in the following transactions during the 1989–90 season:
Trades
Free agents
Signings
Other
Draft picks
Pittsburgh Penguins' picks at the 1989 NHL Entry Draft.
Draft notes
The Calgary Flames' sixth-round pick went to the Pittsburgh Penguins as a result of a January 9, 1989, trade that sent Steve Guenette to the Flames in exchange for this pick.
References
Penguins on Hockey Database
Pittsburgh Penguins seasons
Pitts
Pitts
National Hockey League All-Star Game hosts
Pitts
Pitts
The following events occurred in March 1934:
March 1, 1934 (Thursday)
Puyi was ceremonially enthroned as Emperor of the Japanese puppet state of Manchukuo with the reign name of Kang-de.
British hunger marchers got inside the House of Commons for the second consecutive day, but 20 were kicked out after causing a disturbance from the Strangers' Gallery.
Primo Carnera defeated Tommy Loughran by decision at Madison Square Garden Stadium in Miami, Florida to retain the world heavyweight title.
Born: Jean-Michel Folon, artist, in Uccle, Brussels, Belgium (d. 2005); Joan Hackett, actor, in East Harlem, New York City (d. 1983)
Died: Charles Webster Leadbeater, 80, English occultist
March 2, 1934 (Friday)
French police arrested the widow of Alexandre Stavisky in connection with the Stavisky Affair.
The United States Shipping Board was abolished.
March 3, 1934 (Saturday)
John Dillinger escaped from Crown Point jail in Indiana.
March 4, 1934 (Sunday)
The anti-Nazi pastor Martin Niemöller gave a sermon at their church in Dahlem in defiance of a suspension order.
Born: Mario Davidovsky, composer, in Médanos, Buenos Aires, Argentina (d. 2019); John Duffey, bluegrass musician, in Washington, D.C. (d. 1996); Anne Haney, actor, in Memphis, Tennessee (d. 2001); Barbara McNair, singer and actor, in Chicago, Illinois (d. 2007); Janez Strnad, physicist, in Ljubljana, Yugoslavia (d. 2015)
March 5, 1934 (Monday)
The Pahiatua earthquake struck northern New Zealand.
A British court awarded Irina Yusupova, niece of the late Nicholas II of Russia, £25,000 in damages in their lawsuit against the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer company over the film Rasputin and the Empress. Yusupova claimed that the character Natasha in the film was a libel against them and their character, although the attorneys for MGM had maintained that the character was fictional.
Joseph Goebbels issued an order to all state governments to forbid Jews from performing on any stages in Germany. "I draw attention to the fact that only members of a professional guild are entitled to appear on the German stage", the order read. "Jews are not permitted membership in these guilds. I therefore request the police authorities to be instructed to demand that actors exhibit their membership cards in the guild. If the actors cannot produce them they are to be prevented from appearing on the stage."
The U.S. Supreme Court decided Nebbia v. New York.
Born: Daniel Kahneman, psychologist, in Tel Aviv, Mandatory Palestine; Nicholas Smith, actor, in Banstead, Surrey, England (d. 2015)
March 6, 1934 (Tuesday)
John Dillinger and their men robbed the Securities National Bank and Trust Company in Sioux Falls, South Dakota, making off with $49,500.
The docudrama play Yellow Jack premiered at the Martin Beck Theatre on Broadway.
Died: Shūjirō Hara, 62, Japanese business person and politician
March 7, 1934 (Wednesday)
In the Soviet Union, a Sovnarkom decree imposed a prison sentence of 3–5 years for those convicted of "homosexual relations". The sentence was increased to 5–8 years if force was used or if the guilty party took advantage of the partner's position of dependence.
Born: Franklin Clarke, American football player, in Beloit, Wisconsin (d. 2018); Willard Scott, television personality and writer, in Alexandria, Virginia (d. 2021)
March 8, 1934 (Thursday)
Hitler opened the International Automobile and Motorcycle Exhibition in Berlin. The central attraction was a new German car costing only £61.
The British historical film The Rise of Catherine the Great premiered in Germany, but hundreds protested outside the Berlin cinema because its star Elisabeth Bergner was Jewish.
March 9, 1934 (Friday)
Nazi Germany banned The Rise of Catherine the Great because its star and director were Jewish.
Three big Berlin department stores once part of the Tietz chain reopened under the new name of Union Ltd., with only Christian staff. The Tietz brothers, descended from the German Jewish merchant Hermann Tietz, had been forced out of the directorship of the chain since the Nazis came to power.
Born: Del Close, actor, writer and teacher, in Manhattan, Kansas (d. 1999); Yuri Gagarin, pilot and cosmonaut, in Klushino, USSR (d. 1968); Joyce Van Patten, actor, in New York City
March 10, 1934 (Saturday)
President Roosevelt ordered the cessation of air mail delivery by army pilots "except on such routes, under which weather conditions and under such equipment and personnel conditions as will insure, as far as the utmost care can provide, against constant recurrence of fatal accidents." The president's order came after a three-week span in which ten pilots delivering air mail had been killed.
March 11, 1934 (Sunday)
Vienna's famous Socialist newspaper Arbeiter-Zeitung, banned during February's civil war, reappeared in a form that shared nothing in common with its previous incarnation other than its name and publishing company.
Switzerland held a referendum on whether voters approved of a federal law on maintaining public order. The proposal was rejected by 53.8% of voters.
Born: Sam Donaldson, reporter and news anchor, in El Paso, Texas
Died: Margaret Illington, 54, American actor
March 12, 1934 (Monday)
Estonian leader Konstantin Päts staged a "self-coup" by declaring martial law and installing Johan Laidoner as Commander in Chief of the army. Päts used their emergency powers to disband the Vaps Movement and arrest 400 of its leading members, removing a threat to their rule. The Era of Silence in Estonian history began.
General Werner von Blomberg announced that Jews were banned from enlisting in the German military. The ambiguous wording of the announcement made it unclear whether Jews already serving in the military were affected or not.
March 13, 1934 (Tuesday)
Dillinger and their gang robbed the First National Bank in Mason City, Iowa and got away with $52,000.
Actress Laura La Plante announced they were divorcing film director William A. Seiter, saying they were "too good pals to be married."
Born: Barry Hughart, fantasy author, in Peoria, Illinois
March 14, 1934 (Wednesday)
Approximately 150 people were killed in a dynamite explosion in the port of La Libertad, El Salvador. The explosion started a fire that burned down four blocks of buildings.
The historical biographical film The House of Rothschild had its world premiere at the Astor Theatre in New York City.
Born: Eugene Cernan, astronaut, in Bellwood, Illinois (d. 2017); Paul Rader, 15th General of the Salvation Army, in New York City
March 15, 1934 (Thursday)
American fugitive business person Samuel Insull vanished from their apartment in Greece.
Born: Richard Layard, Baron Layard, labour economist, in Britain
Died: Davidson Black, 49, Canadian paleoanthropologist (heart failure)
March 16, 1934 (Friday)
Cavalcade won Best Picture at the 6th Academy Awards in Los Angeles.
Samuel Insull was found aboard a Greek freighter bound for Egypt. Greek authorities ordered the ship to turn around and return to port.
Born: Ray Hnatyshyn, 24th Governor General of Canada, in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan (d. 2002)
March 17, 1934 (Saturday)
The Rome Protocols were signed between Austria, Hungary and Italy. The agreements strengthened economic ties among the signatories and formed a new power bloc to counterbalance the Little Entente and French influence.
New York City taxicab drivers went back out on strike again, this time over union recognition.
University of Cambridge won the 86th Boat Race.
Born: Fred T. Mackenzie, sedimentary and global biogeochemist, in the United States
March 18, 1934 (Sunday)
Benito Mussolini made a speech in Rome outlining a 60-year plan that would give Italy the "primacy of the world" in the 21st century and would make that century a "blackshirt era". Mussolini proclaimed that Italy's future lay to the "east and south in Asia and Africa. The vast resources of Africa must be valourized and Africa brought within the civilized circle. I do not refer to conquest of territory but to natural expansion. We demand that nations which have already arrived in Africa do not block at every step Italian expansion."
Samuel Insull was allowed to leave Greece by ship again, on the conditions that they enter no Greek ports and that they radio a message ahead of time saying where they would land once they chose to do so.
Born: Charley Pride, American country singer; in Sledge, Mississippi (d. 2020)
March 19, 1934 (Monday)
Pope Pius XI canonized three new saints: Giuseppe Benedetto Cottolengo, Pompilio Maria Pirrotti and Teresa Margaret of the Sacred Heart.
Died: Andrew E. Lee, 87, third Governor of South Dakota
March 20, 1934 (Tuesday)
Over 100,000 American autoworkers were about to go on strike, but it was headed off when President Roosevelt sent a telegram urging that the strike be postponed.
Born: Willie Brown, politician and 41st Mayor of San Francisco, in Mineola, Texas
Died: Sydney Deane, 71, Australian cricketer and actor; Emma of Waldeck and Pyrmont, 75, Queen of the Netherlands
March 21, 1934 (Wednesday)
The Great Hakodate Fire in Japan destroyed one-third of the city and killed over 2,000 people.
Nazi Germany launched a public works plan aimed at putting 5 million of the country's 6 million unemployed back to work. The program included highway construction, land reclamation and the building of ships and housing.
Died: Lilyan Tashman, 37, American actor (cancer)
March 22, 1934 (Thursday)
New York City authorities prohibited all parades by striking cab drivers after a day of rioting.
The first Masters golf tournament began at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia. Horton Smith was the winner.
Born: Orrin Hatch, politician, in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania (d. 2022); Larry Martyn, comic actor, in London, England (d. 1994)
March 23, 1934 (Friday)
Thousands of Fascists gathered in Rome to mark the fifteenth anniversary of the Fasci Italiani di Combattimento.
Golden Miller won the Grand National horse race.
Born: Janet Elizabeth Shearon, future wife of American astronaut Neil Armstrong (d. 2018, lung cancer)
March 24, 1934 (Saturday)
President Roosevelt signed the Philippine Independence Act, or the Tydings–McDuffie Act, providing for a ten-year transition phase leading to self-government for the Philippines.
An editorial in Mussolini's newspaper Il Popolo d'Italia wrote that "The dimunition of births in the United States is assuming alarming proportions". The editorial concluded, "When we reflect there are in the United States 11,500,000 Negroes, people of extraordinary fecundity, it is necessary to conclude with a real cry of alarm. The Yellow Peril is nothing. We will encounter an Africanized America in which the white race, by the inexorable law of numbers, will end by being suffocated by the fertile grandsons of Uncle Tom. Are we to see within a century a Negro in the White House?"
March 25, 1934 (Sunday)
The threatened American autoworkers' strike was averted when the Roosevelt Administration created a National Automotive Labor Board to help resolve disputes.
Italian general elections were held in the form of a referendum on a single list of Fascist Party candidates. They were the last elections held in Fascist Italy as the only real purpose of this Chamber of Deputies was to approve Mussolini's plan for a new corporative state and then commit "suicide" by voting its own dissolution. The Fascists won 99.84% approval in a foregone conclusion.
Born: Johnny Burnette, rockabilly musician, in Memphis, Tennessee (d. 1964); Gloria Steinem, feminist, in Toledo, Ohio
March 26, 1934 (Monday)
The Strength Through Joy organization in Nazi Germany announced that every week during the summer 3,500 workers would be taken on a free vacation cruise aboard a German ocean liner.
Born: Alan Arkin, actor, director, musician and author, in Brooklyn, New York
March 27, 1934 (Tuesday)
President Franklin D. Roosevelt suffered their first defeat in congress. Roosevelt vetoed a bill increasing compensation to war veterans, but the House promptly overrode the veto by repassing the bill 310-72.
March 28, 1934 (Wednesday)
The U.S. Senate joined the House in overriding President Roosevelt's veto of a war veterans' compensation bill, by a vote of 63-27. The bill added $228 million to payments for disabled war veterans and federal employees.
Austrian Chancellor Engelbert Dollfuss banned jokes about their height.
Born: Lester R. Brown, environmentalist, in Bridgeton, New Jersey; Laurie Taitt, sprint hurdler, in Georgetown, British Guiana (d. 2006)
Died: Mahmoud Mokhtar, 42, Egyptian sculptor
March 29, 1934 (Thursday)
Austria banned 100 foreign publications, including the magazines The Saturday Evening Post and Daily Sketch, but gave no reason why. The Dollfuss government also ordered the removal of nude statues from public display.
The film The Prizefighter and the Lady was banned in Nazi Germany because its star Max Baer was Jewish.
Samuel Insull arrived by ship at Istanbul.
Died: Otto Hermann Kahn, 67, German-born American banker, collector, philanthropist and patron of the arts
March 30, 1934 (Friday)
Zeppo Marx quit the Marx Brothers.
The New York City cab driver's strike began to peter out as many strikers went back to work.
March 31, 1934 (Saturday)
The respected German newspaper Vossische Zeitung published its final edition after 230 years of existence. An editorial stated that "in a certain sense it is the victim of the crisis that affects the entire German press."
The musical film Wonder Bar was released.
Born: Richard Chamberlain, actor and singer, in Beverly Hills, California; Shirley Jones, singer and actor, in Charleroi, Pennsylvania; Carlo Rubbia, particle physicist, inventor and Nobel laureate, in Gorizia, Italy; Orion Samuelson, broadcaster, in Ontario, Wisconsin
References
1934
1934-03
1934-03
Vanillin is an organic compound with the molecular formula . It is a phenolic aldehyde. Its functional groups include aldehyde, hydroxyl, and ether. It is the primary component of the extract of the vanilla bean. Synthetic vanillin is now used more often than natural vanilla extract as a flavoring in foods, beverages, and pharmaceuticals.
Vanillin and ethylvanillin are used by the food industry; ethylvanillin is more expensive, but has a stronger note. It differs from vanillin by having an ethoxy group (−O−CH2CH3) instead of a methoxy group (−O−CH3).
Natural vanilla extract is a mixture of several hundred different compounds in addition to vanillin. Artificial vanilla flavoring is often a solution of pure vanillin, usually of synthetic origin. Because of the scarcity and expense of natural vanilla extract, synthetic preparation of its predominant component has long been of interest. The first commercial synthesis of vanillin began with the more readily available natural compound eugenol (4-allyl-2-methoxyphenol). Today, artificial vanillin is made either from guaiacol or lignin.
Lignin-based artificial vanilla flavoring is alleged to have a richer flavor profile than oil-based flavoring; the difference is due to the presence of acetovanillone, a minor component in the lignin-derived product that is not found in vanillin synthesized from guaiacol.
History
The oldest possible evidence of vanilla exploitation in the Old World dates from the second millennium BCE.
Vanilla beans, called tlilxochitl, were discovered and cultivated as a flavoring for beverages by native Mesoamerican peoples, most famously the Totonacs of modern-day Veracruz, Mexico. Since at least the early 15th century, the Aztecs used vanilla as a flavoring for chocolate in drinks called xocohotl.
Vanillin was first isolated as a relatively pure substance in 1858 by Nicolas-Theodore Gobley, who obtained it by evaporating a vanilla extract to dryness and recrystallizing the resulting solids from hot water. In 1874, the German scientists Ferdinand Tiemann and Wilhelm Haarmann deduced its chemical structure, at the same time finding a synthesis for vanillin from coniferin, a glucoside of isoeugenol found in pine bark. Tiemann and Haarmann founded a company Haarmann and Reimer (now part of Symrise) and started the first industrial production of vanillin using their process in Holzminden, Germany. In 1876, Karl Reimer synthesized vanillin (2) from guaiacol (1).
By the late 19th century, semisynthetic vanillin derived from the eugenol found in clove oil was commercially available.
Synthetic vanillin became significantly more available in the 1930s, when production from clove oil was supplanted by production from the lignin-containing waste produced by the sulfite pulping process for preparing wood pulp for the paper industry. By 1981, a single pulp and paper mill in Thorold, Ontario supplied 60% of the world market for synthetic vanillin. However, subsequent developments in the wood pulp industry have made its lignin wastes less attractive as a raw material for vanillin synthesis. Today, approximately 15% of the world's production of vanillin is still made from lignin wastes, while approximately 85% synthesized in a two-step process from the petrochemical precursors guaiacol and glyoxylic acid.
Beginning in 2000, Rhodia began marketing biosynthetic vanillin prepared by the action of microorganisms on ferulic acid extracted from rice bran. At USD$700/kg, this product, sold under the trademarked name Rhovanil Natural, is not cost-competitive with petrochemical vanillin, which sells for around USD$15/kg. However, unlike vanillin synthesized from lignin or guaiacol, it can be labeled as a natural flavoring.
Occurrence
Vanillin is most prominent as the principal flavor and aroma compound in vanilla. Cured vanilla pods contain about 2% by dry weight vanillin; on cured pods of high quality, relatively pure vanillin may be visible as a white dust or "frost" on the exterior of the pod.
It is also found in Leptotes bicolor, a species of orchid native to Paraguay and southern Brazil, and the Southern Chinese red pine.
At lower concentrations, vanillin contributes to the flavor and aroma profiles of foodstuffs as diverse as olive oil, butter, raspberry, and lychee fruits.
Aging in oak barrels imparts vanillin to some wines, vinegar, and spirits.
In other foods, heat treatment generates vanillin from other compounds. In this way, vanillin contributes to the flavor and aroma of coffee, maple syrup, and whole-grain products, including corn tortillas and oatmeal.
Chemistry
Natural production
Natural vanillin is extracted from the seed pods of Vanilla planifolia, a vining orchid native to Mexico, but now grown in tropical areas around the globe. Madagascar is presently the largest producer of natural vanillin.
As harvested, the green seed pods contain vanillin in the form of its β--glucoside; the green pods do not have the flavor or odor of vanilla.
After being harvested, their flavor is developed by a months-long curing process, the details of which vary among vanilla-producing regions, but in broad terms it proceeds as follows:
First, the seed pods are blanched in hot water, to arrest the processes of the living plant tissues. Then, for 1–2 weeks, the pods are alternately sunned and sweated: during the day they are laid out in the sun, and each night wrapped in cloth and packed in airtight boxes to sweat. During this process, the pods become dark brown, and enzymes in the pod release vanillin as the free molecule. Finally, the pods are dried and further aged for several months, during which time their flavors further develop. Several methods have been described for curing vanilla in days rather than months, although they have not been widely developed in the natural vanilla industry, with its focus on producing a premium product by established methods, rather than on innovations that might alter the product's flavor profile.
Biosynthesis
Although the exact route of vanillin biosynthesis in V. planifolia is currently unknown, several pathways are proposed for its biosynthesis. Vanillin biosynthesis is generally agreed to be part of the phenylpropanoid pathway starting with -phenylalanine, which is deaminated by phenylalanine ammonia lyase (PAL) to form t-cinnamic acid. The para position of the ring is then hydroxylated by the cytochrome P450 enzyme cinnamate 4-hydroxylase (C4H/P450) to create p-coumaric acid. Then, in the proposed ferulate pathway, 4-hydroxycinnamoyl-CoA ligase (4CL) attaches p-coumaric acid to coenzyme A (CoA) to create p-coumaroyl CoA. Hydroxycinnamoyl transferase (HCT) then converts p-coumaroyl CoA to 4-coumaroyl shikimate/quinate. This subsequently undergoes oxidation by the P450 enzyme coumaroyl ester 3'-hydroxylase (C3'H/P450) to give caffeoyl shikimate/quinate. HCT then exchanges the shikimate/quinate for CoA to create caffeoyl CoA, and 4CL removes CoA to afford caffeic acid. Caffeic acid then undergoes methylation by caffeic acid O-methyltransferase (COMT) to give ferulic acid. Finally, vanillin synthase hydratase/lyase (vp/VAN) catalyzes hydration of the double bond in ferulic acid followed by a retro-aldol elimination to afford vanillin. Vanillin can also be produced from vanilla glycoside with the additional final step of deglycosylation. In the past p-hydroxybenzaldehyde was speculated to be a precursor for vanillin biosynthesis. However, a 2014 study using radiolabelled precursor indicated that p-hydroxybenzaldehyde do not synthesise vanillin or vanillin glucoside in the vanilla orchids.
Chemical synthesis
The demand for vanilla flavoring has long exceeded the supply of vanilla beans. , the annual demand for vanillin was 12,000 tons, but only 1,800 tons of natural vanillin were produced. The remainder was produced by chemical synthesis. Vanillin was first synthesized from eugenol (found in oil of clove) in 1874–75, less than 20 years after it was first identified and isolated. Vanillin was commercially produced from eugenol until the 1920s. Later it was synthesized from lignin-containing "brown liquor", a byproduct of the sulfite process for making wood pulp. Counterintuitively, though it uses waste materials, the lignin process is no longer popular because of environmental concerns, and today most vanillin is produced from the petrochemical raw material guaiacol. Several routes exist for synthesizing vanillin from guaiacol.
At present, the most significant of these is the two-step process practiced by Rhodia since the 1970s, in which guaiacol (1) reacts with glyoxylic acid by electrophilic aromatic substitution. The resulting vanillylmandelic acid (2) is then converted by 4-Hydroxy-3-methoxyphenylglyoxylic acid (3) to vanillin (4) by oxidative decarboxylation.
Wood-based vanillin
15% of the world's production of vanillin is produced from lignosulfonates, a byproduct from the manufacture of cellulose via the sulfite process. The sole producer of wood-based vanillin is the company Borregaard located in Sarpsborg, Norway.
Wood-based vanillin is produced by copper-catalyzed oxidation of the lignin structures in lignosulfonates under alkaline conditions and is claimed by the manufacturing company to be preferred by their customers due to, among other reasons, its much lower carbon footprint than petrochemically synthesized vanillin.
Fermentation
The company Evolva has developed a genetically modified microorganism which can produce vanillin. Because the microbe is a processing aid, the resulting vanillin would not fall under U.S. GMO labeling requirements, and because the production is nonpetrochemical, food using the ingredient can claim to contain "no artificial ingredients".
Using ferulic acid as an input and a specific non GMO species of Amycolatopsis bacteria, natural vanillin can be produced.
Biochemistry
Several studies have suggested that vanillin can affect the performance of antibiotics in laboratory conditions.
Uses
The largest use of vanillin is as a flavoring, usually in sweet foods. The ice cream and chocolate industries together comprise 75% of the market for vanillin as a flavoring, with smaller amounts being used in confections and baked goods.
Vanillin is also used in the fragrance industry, in perfumes, and to mask unpleasant odors or tastes in medicines, livestock fodder, and cleaning products. It is also used in the flavor industry, as a very important keynote for many different flavors, especially creamy profiles such as cream soda.
Additionally, vanillin can be used as a general-purpose stain for visualizing spots on thin-layer chromatography plates. This stain yields a range of colors for these different components.
Vanillin–HCl staining can be used to visualize the localisation of tannins in cells.
Manufacturing
Vanillin has been used as a chemical intermediate in the production of pharmaceuticals, cosmetics, and other fine chemicals. In 1970, more than half the world's vanillin production was used in the synthesis of other chemicals. As of 2016, vanillin uses have expanded to include perfumes, flavoring and aromatic masking in medicines, various consumer and cleaning products, and livestock foods.
Adverse effects
Vanillin can trigger migraine headaches in a small fraction of the people who experience migraines.
Some people have allergic reactions to vanilla. They may be allergic to synthetically produced vanilla but not to natural vanilla, or the other way around, or to both.
Vanilla orchid plants can trigger contact dermatitis, especially among people working in the vanilla trade if they come into contact with the plant's sap. An allergic contact dermatitis called vanillism produces swelling and redness, and sometimes other symptoms. The sap of most species of vanilla orchid which exudes from cut stems or where beans are harvested can cause moderate to severe dermatitis if it comes in contact with bare skin. The sap of vanilla orchids contains calcium oxalate crystals, which are thought to be the main causative agent of contact dermatitis in vanilla plantation workers.
A pseudophytodermatitis called vanilla lichen can be caused by tiny mites.
Ecology
Scolytus multistriatus, one of the vectors of the Dutch elm disease, uses vanillin as a signal to find a host tree during oviposition.
See also
Phenolic compounds in wine
Other positional isomers:
Isovanillin
ortho-Vanillin
2-Hydroxy-5-methoxybenzaldehyde
2-Hydroxy-4-methoxybenzaldehyde
Benzaldehyde
Protocatechuic aldehyde
Syringaldehyde
References
]
Notes
Flavors
Perfume ingredients
Hydroxybenzaldehydes
Vanilloids
O-methylated natural phenols
Vanilla
Total synthesis
Walters House may refer to:
in the United States
(sorted by state)
Walters Ranch, Healdsburg, California, listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in Sonoma County
Walters-Davis House, Toccoa, Georgia, listed on the NRHP in Stephens County
Daniel and Maude Walters House, Manhattan, Kansas, listed on the NRHP in Riley County
Thomas Walters House, Hodgenville, Kentucky, listed on the NRHP in LaRue County
Dr. Jefferson A. Walters House, Dayton, Ohio, listed on the NRHP in Montgomery County
Paul Londershausen House (also known as the Walters Residence), Dayton, Oregon, listed on the NRHP in Yamhill County
Solomon Walters House, Bruce, South Dakota, listed on the NRHP in Brookings County
Walters House (Morgantown, West Virginia), listed on the NRHP in Monongalia County
See also
Walter House (disambiguation)
Rudolf Keyser (1 January 1803 – 9 October 1864) was a Norwegian historian, archaeologist and educator.
Biography
Jakob Rudolf Keyser was born in Christiania, now Oslo, Norway.
They were the son of Bishop Johan Michael Keyser ( 1749–1810) and their second wife Kirsten Margarethe Wangensteen. They were the brother of
professor Fredrik Wilhelm Keyser and theologian Christian Nicolai Keyser.
Following studies in Iceland, Rudolf Keyser was appointed as a docent at the Royal Frederick University in Christiania in 1828. They became a professor in 1831 and remained at the University until they retired in 1862. Keyser was also the first manager for the University Museum of National Antiquities. They cataloged and categorized prehistoric artifacts which had originated from excavations. They did so utilizing the chronological system developed by Christian Jürgensen Thomsen.
Keyser was most commonly associated with the Theory on immigration to Norway. Keyser was a supporter of the migration theory that the Norse tribes had wandered into Norway from the north and east, a view also shared by Peter Andreas Munch, a former student of Keyser. This theory was inspired in part by the earlier works of Gerhard Schøning. The theory was commonly denounced by many Norwegian historians especially by Ludvig Kristensen Daa. Rudolf Keyser became a knight in the Order of St. Olav in 1847.<ref>[http://www.snl.no/.nbl_biografi/Gerhard_Sch%C3%B8ning/utdypning Gerhard Schøning] Store norske leksikon Knut Helle, editor </ref>
Selected worksNordmændenes religionsforfatning i hedendommen (1847) Den norske Kirkes Historie under Katholicismen, volume 1 (1856)Den norske Kirkes Historie under Katholicismen, volume 2 (1858) Norges Historie, volume 1 (1866) Norges Historie, volume 2 (1870) and Samlede Afhandlinger (1868)
References
Other sources
Stugu, Ola Svein (2008) Historie i bruk (Oslo: Samlaget)
Andersen, Per Sveaas (1960) Rudolf Keyser Embetsmann og Historiker'' (Oslo: Universitetsforlaget)
1803 births
1864 deaths
19th-century Norwegian historians
Old Norse studies scholars
Writers from Oslo
Norwegian literary historians
University of Oslo alumni
University of Oslo faculty
Order of Saint Olav
This article is about the particular significance of the decade 1800–1809 to Wales and its people.
Events
1800
1801
1802
1803
1804
1805
1806
1807
1808
1809
Arts and literature
New books
J. T. Barber - A Tour Throughout South Wales and Monmouthshire (1803)
Thomas Charles - The Welsh Methodists Vindicated (1802)
Edward Davies
Celtic Researches on the Origin, Traditions and Languages of the Ancient Britons (1804)
The Mythology and Rites of the British Druids (1809)
Robert Davies (Bardd Nantglyn)
Barddoniaeth (1803)
Ieithiadur neu Ramadeg Cymraeg (1808)
Thomas Edwards (Twm o'r Nant) - Bannau y Byd (1808)
John Evans - A Tour through part of North Wales in ... 1798 and at other times (1800)
John Jones - A Development of ... Events calculated to restore the Christian Religion to its ... Purity (1800)
Thomas Jones - A Cardiganshire Landlord's Advice to their Tenants (1800)
Richard Llwyd - Beaumaris Bay (1800)
The Myvyrian Archaiology of Wales, vol. 1 (1801)
William Ouseley - Epitome of the Ancient History of Persia (1800)
William Owen Pughe - Geiriadur Cymraeg-Saesneg (1803)
Abraham Rees - The New Cyclopaedia, vol. 1 (1802)
Thomas Roberts of Llwynrhudol - Amddiffyniad i'r Methodistiaid (1806)
Azariah Shadrach - Allwedd Myfyrdod (1801)
Charles Symmons - Life of Milton (1806)
Richard Warner - Second Walk Through Wales (1800)
Henry Wigstead - Remarks on a Tour to North and South Wales: In the Year 1797 (1800)
Music
1802
Edward Jones (Bardd y Brenin) - The Musical and Poetical Relicks of the Welsh Bards, vol. 2
1806
Casgliad o Hymnau gan mwyaf heb erioed eu hargraffu o'r blaen (collection of hymns)
1807
Anthem y Saint... gan Evan Dafydd (collection of hymns)
Sport
1802 - Royal Anglesey Yacht Club founded at Beaumaris.
Births
1800
6 March - Samuel Roberts (S.R.), Radical leader (d. 1885)
20 June - Edward Douglas-Pennant, 1st Baron Penrhyn (d. 1886)
1 October - Williams Evans, hymnist (d. 1880)
29 November - David Griffith (Clwydfardd), poet and archdruid (d. 1894)
date unknown - James James (Iago Emlyn), minister and poet (d. 1879)
1801
6 February - William Williams (Caledfryn), poet and critic (d. 1869)
18 November - David Rees, minister and writer (d. 1869)
1802
August - Ebenezer Thomas, poet (d. 1863)
24 August - William Rowlands (Gwilym Lleyn) (d. 1865)
8 November
Benjamin Hall, 1st Baron Llanover (d. 1867)
William Rees (Gwilym Hiraethog), poet and author (d. 1883)
4 December - Calvert Jones, pioneer photographer (d. 1877)
12 December
John Ryland Harris, printer (d. 1823)
Isaac Williams, poet (d. 1865)
date unknown - Thomas Robert Jones, founder of the True Ivorites (d. 1856)
1803
10 May - Christopher Rice Mansel Talbot, owner of Margam Castle (d. 1890)
17 October - Samuel Holland, industrialist (d. 1892)
date unknown - Owain Meirion, balladeer (d. 1868)
1806
1 February - Jane Williams (Ysgafell), writer (d. 1885)
21 April - Sir George Cornewall Lewis, statesman (d. 1863)
1807
date unknown - Sir William Milbourne James (judge) (d. 1881)
1808
date unknown - Sir John Henry Scourfield, author (d. 1876)
1809
18 January - John Gwyn Jeffreys, conchologist (d. 1885)
17 April - Thomas Brigstocke, painter (d. 1881)
24 May - William Chambers, politician (d. 1882)
26 May - G. T. Clark, engineer (d. 1885)
11 August - Robert Thomas (Ap Vychan), writer (d. 1880)
date unknown - Evan James, lyricist of the Welsh national anthem
Deaths
1800
14 March - Daines Barrington, antiquary and naturalist (b. 1727)
May - Evan Hughes (Hughes Fawr), clergyman and author
1802
28 November - Robert Roberts, preacher (b. 1762)
30 November - Thomas Williams of Llanidan (b. 1737)
31 December - Francis Lewis, signatory of the Declaration of American Independence (b. 1713)
date unknown - Joseph Hoare, academic (b. 1709)
1804
20 September - Josiah Rees, Unitarian minister (b. 1744)
7 December - Morgan John Rhys, Baptist minister (b. 1760)
1805
August - Ann Griffiths, poet and hymn-writer (b. 1776)
1807
18 July - Thomas Jones, mathematician (b. 1756)
1808
21 January - Richard Pennant, 1st Baron Penrhyn (b. 1737)
1809
April - Charles Francis Greville, founder of Milford Haven (b. 1749)
28 October - Hugh Pugh, Independent minister (b. 1779)
28 November - Robert Roberts, preacher (b. 1762)
Medmenham () is a village and civil parish in south-west Buckinghamshire, England. It is on the River Thames, about southwest of Marlow and east of Henley-on-Thames. The parish also includes Danesfield, a housing estate predominantly for RAF officers, although families of other ranks from the RAF, Royal Navy and British Army also live there.
Toponym
The toponym is derived from the Old English for "middle-sized homestead". An alternative explanation of the name is from the Saxon leader Meda, whose followers were known as Medings, hence Medin'ham, Medham, or Medmenham. It was recorded in the Domesday Book of 1086 as Medmeham.
Features
The village includes some old timber framed brick and flint cottages and some estate workers cottages built at the beginning of the 20th century from local chalk rock. The Church of England parish church of Saint Peter was heavily restored in 1839. The Dog and Badger Inn on the A4155 road dates from late in the 16th century, the name having been transferred from the inn at Hambleden which was renamed the Stag and Huntsman.
The village lane ends at the Old Ferry crossing which ceased to be used after the Second World War. It was where the Thames towpath crossed from the Buckinghamshire to Berkshire bank of the river. On the towpath beside the former ferry crossing stands the large Medmenham Ferry Memorial that commemorates Lord Devonport's successful 1899 defence of the public right-of-way over the ferry.
Next to the village, but separated from it by the A4155, is the first of two Iron Age hill forts, Medmenham Camp. Danesfield Camp also known as Danes Ditches is located slightly further along the road to the east near to the village of Hurley.
Also attached to the village are the hamlets of Lower Woodend and Rockwell End.
Abbey
A Cistercian abbey was founded in Medmenham in the 12th century under the ownership of Woburn Abbey, though it was not officially recognised by royal charter until 1200. It was dedicated to St. Mary but closed in 1536. In 1547, at the Dissolution of the Monasteries, the abbey was seized and given to the Moore family and then sold privately to the Duffields. It was while in the possession of the Duffields that the abbey became infamous as the location of The Hellfire Club, headed by Sir Francis Dashwood, formerly called the Monks of Medmenham who used it for "obscene parodies of religious rites" according to one source, between the mid 1700s and 1774, though the club was already in disrepute by 1762. During that era, it was renovated to resemble a Gothic building. Eventually, the meetings were moved out of the abbey into a series of tunnels and caves in West Wycombe Hill.
Years later, the West Wycombe Caves in which the Friars met became a tourist site known as the "Hell Fire Caves".
Dashwood had leased the ruins of the abbey from the Duffield family. After the Club was defunct (by 1763), the property was sold to the Chief Justice of Chester. In 1898 the building was modified, and since then it has no longer resembled an abbey. Subsequent renovations were completed in the 20th century.
Today the building is a private residence and is not open to the public. A report in 2015 indicated it had been owned by a German family with a part of the abbey purchased in the 1970s and the rest in the mid 1990s. The property was listed for sale at the time. The report indicated that the 12,000sq ft interior included "nine bedrooms ..., six reception rooms, a gymnasium, a bar, a housekeeper's cottage and staff offices". The property has been Grade II listed since 1955. By that time, it had been converted from a mansion into two houses, using some of the masonry from the original Abbey. The summary confirms that the house had been modified in 1755 for Sir Francis Dashwood and restored and extended in 1898.
Landmarks of the Civil Parish
Danesfield House
RAF Medmenham
References
External links
Medmenham information from Wycombe District Council
Medmenham Village Cricket Club
UK & Ireland Genealogy — Medmenham historical information
Cistercian Abbeys: Medmenham
Medmenham, Buckinghamshire
The Lives & Times of the Hell-Fire Club
The Medmenham Monks, aka The Hell-Fire Club
St Peter and St Paul Church, Medmenham
Medmenham Village Hall Website
Monasteries in Buckinghamshire
Cistercian monasteries in England
Populated places on the River Thames
Villages in Buckinghamshire
Hill forts in Buckinghamshire
Civil parishes in Buckinghamshire
Karl Ferdinand Becker (17 July 1804 Leipzig – 26 October 1877 Plagwitz section of Leipzig), was a German writer on music, composer and an organist.
Biography
Becker was the son of physician and writer Gottfried Wilhelm Becker. They attended the Thomasschule in Leipzig in their early years, where their teachers Johann Gottfried Schicht and Friedrich Schneider trained them in music. They made their debut as a pianist at 14. From 1820 to 1833, they were a violinist in the Leipzig Gewandhaus Orchestra. In 1825, they became an organist in the Peterskirche and then in 1837 at the St. Nicholas Church. In 1846, they became an instructor of organ and music history at the University of Music and Theatre at Leipzig. They were one of the founders of the Leipzig Bach Gesellschaft in 1850.
Works
Their works on the history of music place them in the same rank with Raphael Georg Kiesewetter and Carl von Winterfeld. Among their works are:
Rathgeber für Organisten (Advisor for organists; Leipzig, 1828)
Systematisch-chrologische Darstellung der musikalischen Litteratur (Systematic chronological representation of musical literature; Leipzig, 1836)
Die Hausmusik in Deutschland im 16. 17. und 18. Jahrhundert (Household music in Germany in the 16th, 17th and 18th centuries; Leipzig, 1840)
Die Tonkünstler des 19. Jahrhunderts (Composers of the 19th century; 1847)
Die Tonwerke des 16. und 17. Jahrhunderts (1847), an index of musical works published in the 16th and 17th centuries
Lieder und Weisen vergangener Jahrhunderte (Songs and melodies of past centuries; 2d ed., Leipzig, 1852)
They were among the most active contributors to Robert Schumann's Neue Zeitschrift für Musik. Other journals they contributed to were Caecilia (edited by Gottfried Weber), Eufonia, Tageblatt, and Zeitgenossen.
Scores
IMSLP Organ music.
Notes
References
Rosenmüller, Annegret. Carl Ferdinand Becker (1804 - 1877) - Studien zu Leben und Werk. Hamburg: Verlag von Bockel. 2000.
Becker, Carl Ferdinand: Die Tonkünstler Des Neunzehnten Jahrhunderts – Ein kalendarisches Handbuch zur Kunstgeschichte. Kösslingsche Buchhandlung, Leipzig 1849
Becker, C. F. Die Choralsammlungen der verschiedenen christlichen Kirchen. Leipzig: Verlag Fleischer, 1845.
1804 births
1877 deaths
19th-century composers
19th-century violinists
19th-century German musicians
19th-century German male musicians
German organists
German male organists
German violinists
German male violinists
German musicologists
Musicians from Leipzig
Emeril is an American sitcom television series created by Linda Bloodworth-Thomason, starring Emeril Lagasse as himself. It aired on Tuesday nights on NBC from September 25, 2001, to December 11, 2001, from 8:00-8:30 EST. A total of 10 half-hour episodes were produced over one season, but only 7 aired.
Cast
Emeril Lagasse as themselves
Lisa Ann Walter as Cassandra Gilman
Carrie Preston as B.D. Benson
Robert Urich as Jerry McKenney
Sherri Shepherd as Melva LeBlanc
Tricia O'Kelley as Trish O'Connell
Mary Page Keller as Nora Lagasse
Development
Having lost their development deal at CBS, Linda Bloodworth-Thomason sought to build a show around TV chef Emeril Lagasse. ABC passed on the show, even though Lagasse was appearing at that time on Good Morning America as a food correspondent.
NBC had high hopes for the show, as it was created by the once-respected Bloodworth-Thomason, however the show was savaged by many critics, one calling it a train wreck. Lagasse was said to be hesitant to participate in the project. The show was in the middle of filming when the September 11 terrorist attacks occurred; the show was scheduled to premiere on September 18, a week after the attacks, but was delayed by a week. Despite this, the opening sequence still featured the World Trade Center towers standing. Those involved with the show blamed the continuous news coverage of the terrorist attacks as the reason the show was never able to find much of an audience. Others blamed its non-acting leading man and unfunny scripts. The sitcom quietly went off the air by December 2001, with seven of its 10 episodes having been aired.
Bloodworth-Thomason had planned for the show to be "a very sophisticated, grown up comedy" that would "do for men what the women did for Designing Women." However, a regime change at NBC left the show without any defenders at executive levels.
After the poorly received first pilot, the show was revamped turning the focus from Emeril's fictionalized home life to life on the set of a fictional version of Lagasse's Food Network show. A food stylist was added to the cast, as well as the additional casting of Robert Urich as Emeril's agent. The show was produced by Mozark Studios in association with NBC Studios.
The kitchen on the show was fully functional, and Lagasse would cook for the cast and staff.
Episodes
Reception
The E! show 101 Biggest Celebrity Oopses ranked the sitcom at No. 51. The LA Times called the show "pretty dreadful." USA Today was kinder to the show, giving it 2 1/2 out of 4 stars. The review cited the show's improvement, stating that it may yet be a great sitcom and "but it's moving in the right direction, notch by notch. Like many series of late, this sitcom for star cable chef Emeril Lagasse has gone through a near-total overhaul since its barely-a-work-in-progress pilot was previewed to general dismay". The Complete Directory to Prime Time Network and Cable TV Shows 1946–Present noted that show was at its best when Emeril was cooking.
Awards
The show received an Emmy nomination for Art Direction For A Multi-Camera Series.
In popular culture
The retooling of the show was parodied on the October 13, 2001 episode of Saturday Night Live.
The show was also referenced on Madtv in a sketch starring Christopher Titus.
References
External links
NBC original programming
2000s American sitcoms
Cultural depictions of American men
Cultural depictions of cooks
2001 American television series debuts
2001 American television series endings
Television series created by Linda Bloodworth-Thomason
Television series by Universal Television
Afghanistan participated in the 1974 Asian Games held in Tehran, Iran from 1 to 16 September 1974. Athletes from Afghanistan won only one medal and finished 19th in a medal table.
References
Nations at the 1974 Asian Games
1974
Asian Games
Trioceros kinangopensis, the Aberdare Mountains dwarf chameleon, is a species of chameleon found in Kenya.
References
Trioceros
Reptiles described in 2012
Taxa named by Karl Patterson Schmidt
Reptiles of Kenya
The Aviomilano CPV1, also known as the Arlecchino (), was an Italian high performance sailplane built in the early 1960s. Only one was built.
Design and development
The joint designers and builders of the CPV1 were a glider pilot, Amletto Zaneti and the owner of Aviamilano, Mario Vietri. The design emphasised high performance in both weak and strong thermals. It was built at the Polytechnic University of Milan's Centre for Flight (), hence its name.
Structurally the CPV1 was a wooden aircraft, covered in a mixture of plywood and fabric. It had a long span, high aspect ratio, cantilever wing, which was straight tapered and had squared tipss. It was built around a single main spar, with ply covering forward of it to and around the leading edge forming a torsion resistant D-box. Aft of the spar the wing was fabric covered. Inboard of long ailerons, which occupied about half the span, there were Fowler flaps and also mid chord spoilers. The wing carried some dihedral and was attached to the fuselage at the shoulder wing position.
The CPV1 had an ovoid cross-section, plywood skinned fuselage. A long, single seat cockpit with a two piece canopy following the fuselage contours was placed ahead of the leading edge. Under it a landing skid reached aft to a retractable single wheel, fitted with a brake, under the forward wing. The fuselage tapered rearwards to a straight tapered tail with fabric covered control surfaces. The fin and rudder were tall, the rudder reaching down to the keel. The tailplane and elevators were at the top of the fuselage, far enough forward not to overlap with the rudder.
The sole CPV1 first flew in 1963.
Specifications
References
1960s Italian sailplanes
Aircraft first flown in 1963
Beatrice Geraldine Hill-Lowe (26 January 1869 – 2 July 1951) was an Irish archer who represented Britain. They were born in County Louth, Ireland. They were the first Irishwomen to win an Olympic medal. They won a bronze medal at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London.
Career
Beatrice Hill Lowe is most recognised for their success in the 1908 Olympic games. Having grown up in the privileged household of Ardee House County Louth, Beatrice was exposed to the luxury of playing sport. It is unknown how Beatrice began playing sport however, they definitely had access to the funds to support them interest.
In 1908 Archery was the only sport available to women, in which they could take part in the Olympic games. The reason archery was available to women is solely due to the fact it involved no running, enabling women to be fully clothed while partaking (Naughton, 2019). It was a sport which involved costly equipment and access to private land in which would enable them to practise on. In 1908 Olympics Ireland was still under British rule, meaning there was no Irish team to exist, and any athletes wishing to partake were obliged to compete under the Union Jack flag. Hill-Lowe continued on to partake in the London 1908 Olympic games in which they excelled at the age of forty.
Hill-Lowe was the first Irish woman to win an Olympic medal. Hill-Lowe competed in the Double national round, which entailed of 25 competitors, all being British or Irish. The double national round was one of three archery events taking place. In this event each round contained 48 arrows shot at 60 yards, and 24 arrows shot at 50 yards (Olympian., 2019). Both rounds were held on Friday 17 and Saturday 18 July 1908, where a total of 144 arrows were shot over 2 rounds. On the first day Lottie Dodd was in the lead with a total of 348 points and 66 hits, and Queenie Newall with a score of 338 points. The second day Queenie Newall scored a total of 350 points and Lottie Dodd with 294. Beatrice-Hill Lowe fell into third place with a total score of 618 points (DOD et al., 2019 leaving them 70 points short of the winner Queenie Newall, whom was 54 years old at the time. (Olympian., 2019) After their Olympic career Beatrice Hill-Lowe continued on to a quiet life, where they moved to Shropshire in England. Just three years after their Olympic success their husband died, however they soon after returned to Ireland where they remarried again.
Hill-Lowe competed at the 1908 Games in the only archery event open to women, the double National round. They took third place in the event with their 618 points, 70 behind champion Queenie Newall's tally.
The County Museum Dundalk featured Hill-Lowe in an exhibition in 2012.
References
Sources
Beatrice Hill-Lowe's profile at Sports Reference.com
1868 births
1951 deaths
Sportspeople from County Louth
British female archers
Archers at the 1908 Summer Olympics
Olympic archers of Great Britain
Olympic bronze medallists for Great Britain
Irish female archers
Olympic medalists in archery
Medalists at the 1908 Summer Olympics
In Hawaiian mythology, Lalo-Honua (Hawaiian for "below the Earth") is the first woman.
They were married to Kumu-Honua and formed out of their side parts; the couple was given a garden by Kāne and were forbidden from eating a particular fruit.
This story may be in whole or in part Christianized.
Sources
Hawaiian mythology
Mythological first humans
Sakatovo () is a rural locality (a village) in Kamyshlytamaksky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 204 as of 2010. There are 4 streets.
Geography
Sakatovo is located 20 km southwest of Bakaly (the district's administrative centre) by road. Kamyshlytamak is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
The yellow-bellied tanager (Ixothraupis xanthogastra) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.
It is found in the Amazon Basin's western half.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
yellow-bellied tanager
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Colombian Amazon
Birds of the Venezuelan Amazon
Birds of the Ecuadorian Amazon
Birds of the Peruvian Amazon
Birds of the Bolivian Amazon
yellow-bellied tanager
yellow-bellied tanager
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Constantine Dalassenos (, fl. ca. 1086–1093) was a prominent Byzantine military leader on land and sea during the early reign of Emperor Alexios I Komnenos (r. 1081–1118), especially in the campaigns against Tzachas of Smyrna. Their life is only known from the Alexiad of Anna Komnene.
Biography
According to the Alexiad, Constantine Dalassenos was related to Alexios I through their mother, Anna Dalassene, although the exact connection is unknown. They first appear in 1086/7, when they were sent as an envoy to receive Sinope and the surrounding towns from a Turkish chiaus who had turned renegade, had become baptized and collaborated with the Byzantines. Dalassenos became Sinope's governor, while the chiaus was made doux of Anchialus.
In spring 1090, Dalassenos was raised to the post of "doux of the fleet" and given command of the Byzantine naval forces against the emir Tzachas of Smyrna. Tzachas, formerly a Byzantine vassal, had built a fleet of their own, had seized several Aegean islands, and raided others. After taking Lesbos (except for the fortress of Methymna) and Chios, they defeated a Byzantine fleet under Niketas Kastamonites. Taking advantage of Tzachas's absence in Smyrna, Dalassenos disembarked their troops on Chios and immediately assailed the island's fortified capital. Although the Byzantines seized the town's harbour, they failed to break through into the city itself. Meanwhile, Tzachas had gathered 8,000 men, according to the Alexiad, and set off to the island's relief. Their army marched on land up to the shore opposite the island, while their fleet followed, sailing along the shore. Dalassenos had charged Constantine Opos with hindering the Turks from crossing over, but when the Turks did so under the cover of night, the latter refused to engage them when they saw that Tzachas had had their ships chained together. The two armies engaged in skirmishes, but soon negotiations began. Dalassenos deferred any decision; and when Tzachas returned to Smyrna, perhaps to gather more forces, they gathered their men, prepared more siege engines and took the citadel of Chios in a surprise attack.
In 1091, Dalassenos is recorded as participating in Alexios I's campaign against the Cumans in the Balkans. In the decisive Battle of Levounion on 29 April 1091, they commanded the army's left wing.
In 1092, they were again sent against Tzachas, with the title of thalassokrator (θαλασσοκράτωρ, "master of the sea"), subordinated to the new megas doux, John Doukas. The two commanders were to attack Mytilene on Lesbos, still held by Tzachas. Doukas, at the head of the land forces, arrived first, and attacked the town. The siege lasted for three months, before Tzachas offered to surrender the town in exchange for safe passage back to Smyrna. Doukas agreed, but Dalassenos, who had just arrived, attacked the Turkish fleet. They captured many of the Turkish vessels, and ordered the crews, including the rowers, executed.
Dalassenos then returned to Constantinople. In spring 1093, when Tzachas attacked the port of Abydos in the Sea of Marmara, Alexios again dispatched them against the emir by sea. At the same time, however, Alexios called upon the Sultan of the Seljuk Sultanate of Rum Kilij Arslan I (r. 1092–1107) to attack Tzachas from the rear. The Sultan complied, and in an audience had Tzachas murdered. Nothing further is known of Dalassenos after this.
References
Sources
11th-century births
11th-century Byzantine military personnel
Byzantine admirals
Byzantine governors
Byzantine generals
Constantine
Generals of Alexios I Komnenos
Byzantine people of the Byzantine–Seljuk wars
Year of death unknown
Medieval Aegean Sea
Tetera Faulkner (born 26 July 1988) is an Australian professional rugby union player. They currently represent the New South Wales Waratahs in the Super Rugby competition. Their regular playing position is prop.
Early life
Faulkner was born in Tauranga, New Zealand and lived their early years at Te Puna in the Bay of Plenty. At 12 years of age, they moved with their family to Melbourne, Australia. They played their junior rugby at Moorabbin Rams and played age-group representative rugby for Victoria. Faulkner attended Cheltenham Secondary College in Melbourne before transferring to Marist College Canberra. They played for the Australian Schoolboys team in 2006.
Faulkner represented Australia at the IRB Under 19 Rugby World Championship in Ireland in 2007. They represented Australia at Under 20 level at the inaugural IRB Junior World Championship in Wales in 2008.
Rugby career
Faulkner played club rugby for Tuggeranong Vikings in Canberra from 2007, and joined the Brumby Runners development squad in 2008. In 2010, they transferred to the Southern Districts Rugby Club in Sydney and also played for the Junior Waratahs development side in the Pacific Rugby Cup.
In 2011 Faulkner was recruited to the Western Force to play in the 2012 season. They made an earlier than expected debut when called upon as an injury replacement late in the 2011 Super Rugby season. Faulkner earned their first Super Rugby cap on 17 June 2011, against the Rebels in Melbourne.
Faulkner currently plays their club rugby for Wanneroo Districts Rugby Football Club in Perth, Western Australia.
Super Rugby statistics
References
External links
Western Force profile
1988 births
Australian rugby union players
Australia international rugby union players
Western Force players
Rugby union props
New Zealand emigrants to Australia
Rugby union players from Tauranga
Living people
Perth Spirit players
Melbourne Rebels players
Melbourne Rising players
New South Wales Waratahs players
Tye'sha Nicole Fluker (born December 27, 1984) is an American professional basketball player in the WNBA.
High school
Fluker played for Muir High School in Pasadena, California, where they were named a WBCA All-American. They participated in the 2002 WBCA High School All-America Game where they scored three points. They also participated in the 2002 Inaugural Women's McDonald All-American Game
College
Fluker attended college at the University of Tennessee and graduated in 2006. There they helped lead the Lady Vols to three Final Four appearances, two regular season SEC titles, two SEC Tournament crowns and an overall record of 125–19 in their four-year career. Following their collegiate career, they were selected 10th overall in the 2006 WNBA Draft by the Charlotte Sting.
Tennessee statistics
Source
Professional
On January 8, 2007 they were traded to the Seattle Storm as the seventh pick in the WNBA Dispersal Draft of former Charlotte Sting players.
On June 5, 2008 they signed with the Chicago Sky.
They played for Ružomberok in Slovakia during the 2008–09 WNBA off-season.
 They are playing in Poland for the winter of 2010 in Energa Toruń.
Notes
External links
WNBA Player Profile
1984 births
Living people
American women's basketball players
American expatriate basketball people in Poland
American expatriate basketball people in Slovakia
Basketball players from Pasadena, California
Centers (basketball)
Charlotte Sting players
Chicago Sky players
Los Angeles Sparks players
McDonald's High School All-Americans
Seattle Storm players
Tennessee Lady Volunteers basketball players
Marc E. Chavannes (20 September 1946, The Hague) is a Dutch professor for journalism at Groningen University and active journalist, Correspondent (in London, Paris and Washington D.C.) and commentator e.g. for NRC Handelsblad.
Prizes
1988: Prijs voor de Dagbladjournalistiek
2004: Anne Vondelingprijs
2020 Anne Vondelingprijs
Sources
1946 births
Living people
Journalists from The Hague
Dutch bloggers
Dutch newspaper editors
Dutch reporters and correspondents
Leiden University alumni
Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism alumni
University of Groningen faculty
Navicula festiva is a species of algae in the family Naviculaceae which occurs in North American rivers.
References
festiva
Species described in 1963
Bacchi Wapen was a high-end music venue and restaurant in Järntorgsgatan, Gamla stan, Stockholm, Sweden. The building is several centuries old and is a fine example of 18th century neo-classical architecture.
Bacchi Wapen went bankrupt in 2002 but opened again in 2004 under the name Bacci Bar, and in 2007 as the mixed and gay bar Pigalle. Since 2009, the location is used by a bar belonging to the O'Learys sports bar franchise.
Artists who have performed at the venue include Lill-Babs, Lill Lindfors, Lars Berghagen, Rockfolket, Laila Westersund, Gösta Linderholm, Sveriges Jazzband, Bernt Dahlbäck, Cornelis Vreeswijk, Eva Rydberg, Ewa Roos, Jarl Borssén, Owe Thörnqvist, Kalle Sändare, Trio Hellenique, etc.
References
Restaurants in Stockholm
Defunct restaurants
Music venues in Sweden
Nightclubs in Sweden
Saad Specialist Hospital, often abbreviated as SSH, is a private hospital in Khobar, Saudi Arabia. It initially owned and operated by the Saad Group, founded in 2001 by a business person, Maan Abdul Wahed Al-Sanea. SSH is a JCI accredited hospital. As of 2020, it is managed by SA International.
History
Saad Specialist Hospital was founded as Saad Specialist Clinic on 1997, although their first patient was only admitted in 2001. It has a 600-bed capacity.
The Saad Group went into debt and closed in 2017. The hospital is currently managed by SA International.
Certification
Saad Specialist Hospital has received accreditation from the Joint Commission International (JCI), The Canadian Council on Health Services Accreditation (CCHSA), and The Australian Council on Healthcare Standards International (ACHSI).
Saad College of Nursing and Allied Health Sciences
The Saad College of Nursing and Allied Health Sciences is located on the hospital grounds. It was established in a unique partnership program with the University of Ulster.
The College's mission is to: "...be a leading academic institute for young Saudi women wishing to pursue a career in the nursing profession".
References
Hospitals established in 1997
Hospitals in Saudi Arabia
Hospital buildings completed in 2001
Private hospitals in Saudi Arabia
ChromaGun is a first-person shooter puzzle video game developed by Pixel Maniacs, an independent game studio from Germany.
Gameplay
ChromaGun is a puzzle game revolving around using colors. The player uses the ChromaGun, a paint-shooting weapon, to colorize walls and floating spherical robots, called Worker Droids. These Worker Droids are attracted to walls of the same color and will move towards them.
The player's objective is to solve puzzles by cleverly rearranging Worker Droids, changing their colors, and guiding them to door-opening triggers, switches or electrified tiles. The player can shoot paint in the primary colors red, blue and yellow using the ChromaGun. The primary colors can be mixed together on walls and Worker Droids to create the secondary colors green, purple and orange. Mixing more than two different colors will result in black, which Worker Droids are not attracted to.
The game consists of many short puzzle levels to solve, however a single mistake can render a puzzle unsolvable, forcing to restart the level. There are 26 levels in total, each with only one solution.
Reception
On Metacritic, the Nintendo Switch version has a score of 69/100 based on 14 reviews, and the PlayStation 4 version has a score of 74/100 based on 10 reviews. indicating "mixed or average reviews".
Twinfinite's Chaz Miller scored it 3.5/5, praising the game's art direction, difficulty and concept, but stated that the puzzles could get "frustrating" or "repetitive" in portions, and had no alternative solutions.
See also
Portal
Portal 2
Q.U.B.E.
References
External links
ChromaGun at MobyGames
2015 video games
Video games developed in Germany
First-person shooters
Puzzle video games
Linux games
MacOS games
Windows games
PlayStation 4 games
Xbox One games
Oculus Rift games
Steam Greenlight games
Nintendo Switch games
Mark Sceurman is a graphic artist and co-creator and publisher with Mark Moran of Weird NJ magazine and a state-by-state series of books.
With Moran they co-hosted the spin-off television series Weird U.S. on the History Channel.
Weird NJ
Weird NJ newsletter and magazine
Sceurman started the original Weird NJ in the early 1990s as a newsletter circulated to friends that featured local news items, historical anecdotes, and in particular legends and folk tales little known beyond the locality concerned.
After a story about the newsletter was published in the Bergen Record in 1992, people began to write asking for copies, so Sceurman decided to staple together the first three newsletters and sent it out as the first issue of Weird NJ. (According to Sceurman the 52nd person to write in was Moran, with whom they decided to enter into partnership.)
As successive editions of the magazine were published, readers began sending Sceurman and Moran undocumented "weird tales" from communities across New Jersey. Their initial assumption "that every town in the state had at least one good tale to tell" proved a gross underestimation. Notable subjects included reclusive colonies of albinos and evil cult sacrifices in the woods.
By the time of the eighth issue, Sceurman and Moran decided that they would investigate the stories being sent them at source. They were surprised to find that many of the strange tales were either true or contained an original core of truth.
Weird N.J. and the Weird U.S. series of books
After some dozen years of publishing the magazine, they were commissioned to write a book about their investigations, Weird NJ: Your Travel Guide to New Jersey's Local Legend and Best Kept Secrets", published in 2003.
Following the book's publication they started to receive letters from across the United States that indicated that what had at first seemed to them a very local New Jersey genre was in fact part of a wider, more universal phenomenon - people with remarkable stories to tell which they believed to be true wanted somebody to hear their story. This was the origin of the Weird U.S.'' state-by-state series of books.
Publishing philosophy
While setting out to check out the substance of the legends and stories and their relationship to known events and historical data, Sceurman and Moran claim they make no attempt to differentiate between what is true and what is not but aim simply to present the local legends in as unadulterated a form as possible, leaving the task of separating fact from fiction to the reader. Nevertheless, they maintain that none of the stories have been made up solely for purposes of entertainment. They aim to document the stories as "an important and intrinsic part of our modern America culture", but because they are about real people or events or concern specific locations, the books serve as a travel guide as well, albeit because of problems of access they often use the description "travel guide of the mind".
Commercial developments
The partnership has turned the newsletter into a magazine, a book series and a television series with a range of associated merchandise.
Personal life
Sceurman, a past president of the Historical Society of Bloomfield, is a lifelong New Jersey resident and currently lives in Bloomfield, New Jersey with their wife Shirley and their son Alexander. They attended Bloomfield High School in their hometown, where their fellow graduates voted them "most likely to spontaneously combust".
References
Bloomfield High School (New Jersey) alumni
People from Bloomfield, New Jersey
Living people
American travel writers
American male non-fiction writers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Erich Gehbauer (15 October 1926 - 2014) was a former German footballer and coach. In the 1971/72 season, they won the German amateur championship with the FSV Frankfurt.
Career
Erich Gehbauer began their football career as a midfielder in the youth team of the FV Hofheim. After the end of the Second World War they played in Wormatia Worms. After a total of 18 assignments with eight goals, they went to the amateur camp, where they played for SV Darmstadt 98, Rot-Weiss Frankfurt, SV Wixhausen and Germania Oberroden until 1964.
See also
Gerhard Aigner
References
Lorenz Knieriem, Hardy Grüne: Enzyklopädie des deutschen Ligafußballs. Spielerlexikon 1890–1963. Agon Sportverlag. Kassel 2006. .
Hardy Grüne, Christian Karn: Das große Buch der deutschen Fußballvereine. Agon Sportverlag. Kassel 2009. .
Hardy Grüne: Legendäre Fußballvereine Hessen. Agon Sportverlag. Kassel 2005. .
External links
German footballers
SV Darmstadt 98 players
1926 births
2014 deaths
1. FSV Mainz 05 managers
Association football midfielders
German football managers
The Fixated Threat Assessment Centre (FTAC) is a UK police/mental health unit, whose function is to manage the risk to public figures from stalkers and others fixated on celebrity. It was formed in 2006 in acknowledgement that such offenders overwhelmingly suffered from psychosis, and could often be identified in advance from behavioural signs. Preventive treatment could then be applied, for the protection of the relevant public figures as well as the families and neighbours of the sufferer.
Rationale
The rationale for a joint police/mental health unit was the finding that the main danger of death or serious injury to politicians in Western Europe came from attacks by people suffering from a mental health illness, who had given warnings of what they might do in the form of inappropriate, harassing or threatening communications or approaches towards the politicians in question. A similar picture was found in a study of historical attacks on the British royal family. A separate detailed study of recent inappropriate communications and approaches to members of the royal family found that 83% of the individuals concerned were suffering from psychosis.
Similar findings have come from the United States, where Park Dietz has written: “Every instance of an attack on a public figure by a lone stranger in the United States for which adequate information has been made publicly available has been the work of a mentally disordered person who issued one or more pre-attack signals in the form of inappropriate letters, visits or statements...." The role of FTAC in the UK is to detect such signals, to evaluate the risks involved and to intervene to reduce them. Such intervention often entails the obtaining of treatment and care for the fixated individual from psychiatric and social services and general practitioners in their town of residence.
The Fixated
The word ‘fixated' in the name of the unit indicates that the main motivational drives behind the stalking of public figures are pathologically intense fixations on individuals or causes, these being obsessive pre-occupations pursued to an abnormally intense degree. In the case of those pursuing the Royal Family, these fixations divide between beliefs that the individual was a member of the family or married to a member of the family; that the royal personage was involved in plots to persecute them; and that the Royal Family were culpable for failing to redress a particular grievance, often delusional, with which the individual was angrily obsessed.
Staffing and role
FTAC was set up in 2006, jointly managed by the Home Office, the Department of Health and Metropolitan Police Service. It is staffed by ten police officers, three full-time senior forensic nurses, a full-time senior social worker and a number of senior forensic psychiatrists and psychologists from the Barnet Enfield and Haringey NHS Trust and the Oxleas NHS Foundation Trust. FTAC receives around 1,000 referrals a year of people who have engaged in threatening or harassing communications towards politicians or the Royal Family. Around half are assessed as being of low risk after initial enquiries. The remainder are investigated by FTAC staff. They may then be referred to local health services for further assessment and potential involuntary commitment. In some cases, they may be detained by police under the section 136 powers of the Mental Health Act 1983 prior to referral.
Although run by London's Metropolitan Police Service, FTAC is responsible for dealing nationally with the stalking or harassment of public figures by lone individuals. According to its founder, David James, it attempts not only to provide protection for the subjects of obsessive attention, but also to help people with obsessions who have mental illnesses that might otherwise have gone undiagnosed or untreated. The basis of the approach arises from the fact that the majority of the fixated are driven by delusional beliefs based in potentially treatable mental disorders. Treating those with evident mental illness will have an important effect in reducing the level of risk to public figures, whilst at the same time improving the health and welfare of the individuals concerned. The strap-line on FTAC's stationery is 'Preventing Harm and Facilitating Care'.
According to a statement made in June 2007 by the then Minister of State at the Home Office, Tony McNulty,
"FTAC does not detain people in psychiatric hospitals. When it encounters an individual in need of mental health care it alerts their general practitioners and psychiatrists, who then provide appropriate help under existing legislation. FTAC may make use of police powers under section 136 of the Mental Health Act 1983 to take a person who appears to be suffering from mental disorder, and in immediate need of care or control, to a place of safety. When people are removed to hospital under section 136, they are examined by a registered medical practitioner and interviewed by an approved social worker, not associated with FTAC, in order to make any necessary arrangements for their treatment or care."
Activity
In a parliamentary reply made in June 2009, the then Minister of State for Security, Counter-Terrorism, Crime and Policing, David Hanson said: "Since 2006, when FTAC began operation, 246 people have been detained under the Mental Health Act following a referral from FTAC and a subsequent decision by local health services. No individual has received a custodial sentence as a result of FTAC involvement."
They also stated that during that same period, 27 people had been conveyed to a "place of safety" by FTAC staff under section 136 of the Mental Health Act 1983.
FTAC published the details of its interventions in its first 100 cases in the Journal of Forensic Psychiatry & Psychology in 2010. Eighty-six per cent of those assessed by FTAC were diagnosed as suffering from psychotic illness; 57% of the sample group were subsequently admitted to hospital, and 26% treated in the community. In 80% of cases, the risk level was reduced to low by FTAC intervention, the remainder of cases remaining under continued FTAC management
In protection terms, FTAC's activities are said to benefit the families of the fixated individuals and the general public as much as the public figures that they are hounding. This is because those close to the fixated are more regularly exposed to their irrational and threatening behaviour than the public figures they target. This finding is similar to that made in the USA by Dietz and Martell in a report prepared for the National Institute of Justice: “The persons most at risk of violence from the individual mentally ill person who pursues public figures are not the public figures or those that protect them – assuming they have the necessary security arrangements - but rather the private citizens who are the family members and neighbours of the mentally disordered subject.”
Origins
The setting up of FTAC was the main recommendation of the report of Fixated Research Group (FRG) which undertook a major research project on behalf of the Home Office between 2003 and 2006. This looked at inappropriate communications and approaches to members of the Royal Family, and systematically examined 8,000 files held by SO14, the royalty protection division of the Metropolitan Police Service's Protection Command.
The Fixated Research Group was composed of forensic psychiatrists and psychologists from the UK, Australia and the USA, who are experts in the field of stalking. They included Paul Mullen and Michele Pathé from Australia, co-authors of ‘Stalkers and their Victims', and J. Reid Meloy from San Diego, editor of The Psychology of Stalking. The series of research papers published by the group in peer-reviewed scientific journals forms the evidence base for the Fixated Threat Assessment Centre.
Other applications of the model
The researchers at FTAC contend that the joint police-NHS model has other possible applications within the UK, such as in police responses to stalking of ordinary people and in homicide prevention. In their view, a logical further development would be the modification of the role of NHS police-liaison psychiatric nurses, so that they become embedded in police responses at borough or county level in order to perform an enabling role, to the benefit of individual patients and of public protection.
Awards
FTAC won an Association of Chief Police Officers' Excellence Award in 2009.
See also
Protection Command
References
External links
Observer article on the Fixated Threat Assessment Centre, including interviews with its founder David James
The web-site of the Fixated Research Group, containing information about FTAC and a wealth of detail about the research which led to its being established.
Lancet article on the Fixated Threat Assessment Centre, entitled The UK's Fix for Fixated Threats
The Stalking Risk Profile web-site.
Mental health law in the United Kingdom
Metropolitan Police
Department of Health and Social Care
Mental health organisations in the United Kingdom
Stalking
Necedah Airport is a public use airport located one nautical mile (2 km) northwest of the central business district of Necedah, a village in Juneau County, Wisconsin, United States. It is owned by the Village of Necedah.
Although many U.S. airports use the same three-letter location identifier for the FAA and IATA, this facility is assigned DAF by the FAA but has no designation from the IATA (which assigned DAF to Daup Airport, Daup, Papua New Guinea).
Facilities and aircraft
Necedah Airport covers an area of 93 acres (38 ha) at an elevation of 919 feet (280 m) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 18/36 with an asphalt surface measuring 2,721 by 60 feet (829 x 18 m).
For the 12-month period ending August 21, 2019, the airport had 8,950 aircraft operations, an average of 24 per day: 99% general aviation and 1% air taxi. In January 2020, there were 9 aircraft based at this airport: all 9 single-engine.
References
External links
at Wisconsin DOT Airport Directory
Airports in Wisconsin
Buildings and structures in Juneau County, Wisconsin
Sir Edward Wilder Playfair KCB (17 May 1909 – 21 March 1999) was an English civil servant and business person.
Biography
Edward Playfair was born in London on 17 May 1909, the only child of Harriet Forester Leighton (1876–1967) and Dr Ernest Playfair (1871–1951), a physician. Their grandmother Mary Leighton was a noted translator of medieval legend of Virgilius the Sorcerer for Andrew Lang's The Violet Fairy Book. They were educated at Eton College as a King's scholar and received a scholarship to attend King's College, Cambridge. They achieved a first class degree in classics and then studied history.
They started work at the UK government Inland Revenue in 1931. In 1934, they moved to the Treasury. They were involved in financing British universities at the time when the University Grants Committee received its funding directly from the Treasury.
In 1947, they worked for a year within the Control Commission for Germany in London. In the 1949 New Year Honours they were made a Companion of The Most Honourable Order of the Bath (CB). They then continued at the Treasury until 1956 when they were appointed Permanent Under-Secretary at the War Office. They were appointed a Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath (KCB) in the 1957 New Year Honours. They were Permanent Secretary at the Ministry of Defence (1960–61).
In the 1960s and 70s, they worked in business. They were the Chairman of International Computers and Tabulators (1961–65), a Director of National Westminster Bank (1961–79), and a Director of Glaxo Holdings (1961–79). During their time at ICT, they were President of the British Computer Society (1963–65). In 1966 they declared themselves a "hater of St Pancras" and thus was opposed to Sir John Betjeman's campaign to save the Sir George Gilbert Scott designed Midland Grand Hotel.
Playfair became a trustee (1967–74) and for two years Chairman of the Board (1972–74) of the National Gallery in London. They were also a member of the governing bodies of Imperial College (1958–83) and University College London.
Personal life
In 1941 they married Molly Rae, a doctor. Together they had three daughters. They died of cancer in London in 1999.
References
Bibliography
André Raffalovich, Letters to Edward Playfair, Aylesford Press, 1992. , .
1909 births
1999 deaths
Businesspeople from London
People educated at Eton College
Alumni of King's College, Cambridge
British civil servants
British chief executives
People associated with the National Gallery, London
People associated with Imperial College London
People associated with University College London
Presidents of the British Computer Society
Knights Commander of the Order of the Bath
Deaths from cancer in England
20th-century English businesspeople
Waimangu is a place in Rotorua, New Zealand that got affected by the 1886 eruption of Mount Tarawera. It is known for Waimangu Volcanic Rift Valley. Waimangu is a thirty minutes drive from Rotorua.
References
Geothermal areas in New Zealand
Rotorua
Kavadar (Serbian Cyrillic: Кавадар) is a village in Šumadija and Western Serbia (Šumadija), in the municipality of Rekovac (Region of Levač), lying at , at the elevation of 215 m. According to the 2002 census, the village had 456 citizens.
External links
Levac Online
Article about Kavadar
Pictures from Kavadar
Populated places in Pomoravlje District
Šumadija
Hans Ucko (born 1946) is a priest of the Church of Sweden and a member of the World Council of Churches (WCC).
They have been extensively involved in interfaith dialog, particularly between Christians and Jews.
They have written a number of books on the subject.
Birth and education
Hans Ucko was born in 1946 in Sweden and educated in France, Sweden, Israel, and India.
They studied in Paris at the "Institut Eglise et Monde Juif" and in Jerusalem at the Swedish Theological Institute and at the Shalom Hartman Institute.
They obtained a Ph.D. in Theology from Serampore College, Calcutta.
Career
From 1981 to 1989 Ucko was the Church of Sweden's Executive Secretary for Jewish-Christian Relations, interreligious dialogue and East Asian Relations.
Ucko was appointed Program Secretary in the WCC's Office on Interreligious Relations and Dialogue.
They were President of Religions for Peace Europe.
In 2003 they delivered the Dr Stanley Samartha Memorial lecture to the Bangalore Initiative for Religious Dialogue, speaking on the topic: "Towards an ethical code of conduct for conversion".
This became the subject of an article in "Current Dialogue".
Ucko edits the WCC's "Current Dialogue" publication.
They sit on the Board of Trustees of Hartford Seminary.
 They are an official observer at the International Council of Christians and Jews.
As of 2012 they were a member of the council of the World Day of Prayer and Action for Children, and co-chair of the Arigatou Foundation's joint campaign with UNICEF.
Bibliography
Ucko has written several books and articles on inter-religious dialog.
References
1946 births
Living people
21st-century Swedish Lutheran priests
20th-century Swedish Lutheran priests
Sushil Rajpal is an Indian director and producer. They were born and brought up in Gorakhpur, Uttar Pradesh.  They are alumnus of Film and Television Institute of India (FTII) and famous for directing their National Award winning film Antardwand.
Early life
Sushil Rajpal was born and brought up in Gorakhpur [UP]. They studied at Vikas Vidyalaya, Ranchi and then at Hansraj College, Delhi. They joined the Film and Television Institute of India (FTII), Pune.  They are director of National Award winner film Antardwand in which almost entire cast was from Bihar.
Career
They started their Bollywood career with the film Diksha as an Assistant Cinematographer.
Sushil Rajpal, whose directorial debut, true to life film Antardwand, received 95% of the good reviews and accolades from the industry, including a National Award. Antardwand (; English translation: Inner conflict) is a 2010 Indian film co-written, produced and directed by Sushil Rajpal. The film stars Raj Singh Chaudhary and Swati Sen in the leading roles while Vinay Pathak and Akhilendra Mishra play supporting roles. Made on a budget of , the film is based on the practice of groom kidnapping that is seen in Bihar of India. The film won the National Film Award for Best Film on Social Issues at the 2009 National Awards. It had its commercial release on 27 August 2010
Filmography
References
External links
https://www.imdb.com/name/nm3009758/
Living people
Hindi film producers
Hindi-language film directors
1952 births
Hindi film cinematographers
Film producers from Bihar
Film directors from Bihar
Cinematographers from Bihar
Producers who won the Best Film on Other Social Issues National Film Award
Directors who won the Best Film on Other Social Issues National Film Award
This is a listing of notable people who were born in, or have lived in, Tucson, Arizona. For people whose only connection with the city is attending the University of Arizona, see: List of University of Arizona people. Coaches of University of Arizona athletic teams should not be included either.
Athletics
George Arias – professional baseball player
Dave Baldwin – major league baseball player, writer, artist
Michael Bates – athlete
Chad Beyer – professional cyclist
Craig Bjornson – baseball coach
Alex Bowman – NASCAR driver
Bryce Cotton – professional basketball player
Dominick Cruz – mixed martial artist
Ike Davis – professional baseball player
Chris Duncan – baseball player
Shelley Duncan – baseball player
Sean Elliott – professional basketball player
Cole Ford – professional football player
Jim Grabb – former professional tennis player ranked world # 1 in doubles
Chelsi Guillen – pairs figure skater
J. J. Hardy – baseball player
Ron Hassey – baseball player
Gary Hayes – professional football player
Alex Kellner – born in Tucson, baseball player
Walt Kellner – born in Tucson, baseball player
Mike Kellogg – professional football player
Ian Kinsler (born 1982), Israeli-American Major League Baseball 4x All Star second baseman
Chris Knierim – pairs figure skater
Hank Leiber – professional baseball pitcher
Eddie Leon – born in Tucson, baseball player
Lafayette Lever – professional basketball player, attended Pueblo High School
Caitlin Leverenz – Olympic swimmer, born in Tucson, attended Sahuaro High School
Pete McCaffrey – basketball player
Roger McCluskey – National Sprint Car Hall of Fame racer
Alice Greenough Orr – rodeo star, originally from Montana
Tom Pagnozzi – professional baseball pitcher
Allen Pitts – professional Canadian Football League player
Sam Sacksen – 2008 Beijing Olympic modern pentathlete
Anthony Shumaker – baseball player
Michael Smith – NFL running back
Brad Steinke – Emmy award-winning sportscaster
Kerri Strug – Olympic gold-medalist gymnast
Alex Verdugo — Baseball outfielder for Boston Red Sox, attended Sahuaro High School
Win Young – Olympic medalist in diving
Business
Leopoldo Carrillo – Mexican-American entrepreneur, early founder of Tucson
Arturo Moreno – entrepreneur, owner of Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim
Jeff Rein – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Walgreens
Margaret Sanger – Planned Parenthood founder
Robert Sarver – entrepreneur, principal owner of Phoenix Suns
Law and order
Clay Pell lawyer
Eugene O'Dunne – jurist on the Supreme Bench of Baltimore
Literature
Edward Abbey – author
Sue Alexander – children's author
Jon Anderson – poet
Byrd Baylor – essayist and children's author
Michael Blake – author
Charles Bowden – author
Ray Bradbury – author
Erskine Caldwell – playwright
Max Cannon – author and creator of the comic strip Red Meat
Mitch Cullin – author
Charles G. Finney – author
Frances Gillmor, folklorist, scholar, and novelist
Andrew Greeley – author, scholar and Roman Catholic priest
Barbara Kingsolver – novelist
Joseph Wood Krutch – author
Todd Miller – journalist
Tom Miller – travel writer
Gary Paul Nabhan — author and ethnobotanist
Adam Rex – children's writer and illustrator
Stacey Richter – author
Richard Shelton – poet, author
Leslie Marmon Silko – author
Susan Sontag – author, filmmaker
Luci Tapahonso – poet laureate of the Navajo Nation
David Foster Wallace – author
Peter Wild – poet, author, and Professor of English at the University of Arizona
Ofelia Zepeda – poet laureate of Tucson, author
Tom Zoellner – nonfiction author
Movies, television, and media
Tommy Shannon -Musician Stevie Ray Vaughan and Double Trouble
Rex Allen – actor, musician
Hailey Baldwin – model
Mika Boorem – actor
Lynn Borden – actor and 1957 Miss Arizona
Roy Brown – actor
Brooke Burke – model, TV host
Aaron Chang – photographer
Kaylee DeFer – actor
Barbara Eden – actor
Pablo Francisco – stand-up comedian
Savannah Guthrie – television personality
Dan Hicks – sportscaster
Michael Horse – actor, jeweler, painter
Pat Hughes – baseball announcer
Dominic Janes – actor
Ben Patrick Johnson – journalist, model, voice-over artist
Brad Johnson – actor, former Marlboro Man
Daniel Kennedy – actor
Gavin MacIntosh – child/teen actor, model
Taryn Manning – actor
Lee Marvin – Academy Award-winning actor
Bentley Mitchum - actor
Noel Neill – actor
Sierra Teller Ornelas – filmmaker and screenwriter
Larry Pine – actor
Timothy Reckart – Oscar-nominated filmmaker
Garry Shandling – comedian and actor
W. Eugene Smith – photographer
Frederick Sommer – photographer
Martin Spanjers – actor
Sally Todd – model, actor
Janet Varney – actor
Kate Walsh – actor
Lou Waters – newscaster
Parker Young – model, actor
Music, arts
Panteha Abareshi – multidisciplinary visual artist
Madeline Heineman Berger – music and arts promoter
Duane Bryers – painter, illustrator and sculptor
Joey Burns – musician
Joseph Byrd – musician
Luis Coronel – singer, musician
John Convertino – musician
James Pringle Cook – Western landscape painter
Jason DeCorse – musician, member of Greyhound Soul
Ted DeGrazia – artist
John Denver – singer, musician
Daniel Martin Diaz – artist and musician
Marianne Dissard – singer, writer, filmmaker
Maynard Dixon – artist
Duane Eddy – musician, member of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
Howe Gelb – musician
Greg Ginn – musician, founder of Black Flag and SST Records
Lalo Guerrero – father of Chicano music
Ulysses Kay – composer
Katie Lee – folk singer, writer, photographer
Bob Log III – musician
Arizona Muse – model
Dennis F. Parker – musician, recording engineer
Raymond Pettibon – artist
Signe Pierce (born 1988) – multidisciplinary artist
Rainer Ptacek – composer, musician
Linda Ronstadt – singer
Barry Sadler – singer-songwriter
Pat The Bunny Schneeweis – folk-punk artist
Mark Wystrach – musician
Politics
Alma Hernandez - Member of the Arizona House of Representatives
Dean Burch – Republican National Committee chairperson, 1964–1965; Chairman, FCC
J. W. Buchanan - Arizona state senator, member of the Arizona House of Representatives
James B. Burkholder – peace activist and retired U.S. Army officer
Richard Carmona – U.S. Surgeon General
Tony Carrillo – Arizona state legislator
James N. Corbett – former Mayor of Tucson
Dennis DeConcini – U.S. Senator
Gabby Giffords – former U.S. Representative
Raul Grijalva – U.S. Representative
Don Hummel – politician, former Tucson mayor, business person
Kyrsten Sinema – U.S. Senator
Robert C. Strong – U.S. diplomat
Mark Udall – U.S. Senator from Colorado, former member of the House
Mo Udall – Congressman
Stewart Udall – politician, U.S. Secretary of Interior
Tom Udall – U.S. Senator from New Mexico
Science and medicine
David Arnett – astronomer
Bart Bok – astronomer
Frank Borman – astronaut, orbited the Moon on Apollo 8
A. E. Douglass – astronomer, dendrochronologist
Tom Gehrels – planetary scientist
Emil Haury – archaeologist
Rashad Khalifa – biochemist and founder of United Submitters International
Gerard Kuiper – planetary scientist
William Rathje – archaeologist, Garbage Project director
Peter M. Rhee – physician
Elizabeth Roemer – astronomer
Peter Smith – scientist, principal investigator of Phoenix Project
Andrew Weil – doctor who promotes integrative medicine
Wieslaw Z. Wisniewski – astronomer
Military
Thad Allen – U.S. Coast Guard admiral
Frank L. Culin Jr. – United States Army major general
José de Urrea – Mexican general
Crime
Robert John Bardo – convicted murderer and stalker of model Rebecca Schaeffer
Jared Lee Loughner – convicted mass murderer
Joseph Bonanno – mobster
Stephen Paddock – mass shooter
Charles Schmid – killer
Religion
William M. Branham – minister
Eusebio Kino – pioneer missionary and explorer
Miscellaneous
María Urquides – educator, "Mother of Bilingual Education"
References
Tucson, Arizona
Tucson
Performance improvement is measuring the output of a particular business process or procedure, then modifying the process or procedure to increase the output, increase efficiency, or increase the effectiveness of the process or procedure. Performance improvement can be applied to either individual performance, such as an athlete, or organisational performance, such as a racing team or a commercial business.
The United States Coast Guard has published the Performance Improvement Guide (PIG), which describes various processes and tools for performance management at the individual and organisational levels.
Organisational development
In organisational development, performance improvement is organisational change in which the managers and governing body of an organisation put into place and manage a program which measures the current level of performance of the organisation and then generates ideas for modifying organisational behaviour and infrastructure which are put into place to achieve higher output. At the organisational level, performance improvement usually involves softer forms of measurement such as customer satisfaction surveys which are used to obtain qualitative information about performance from the viewpoint of customers.
The primary goals of organisational improvement are to increase organisational effectiveness and efficiency to improve the ability of the organisation to deliver goods and or services. A third area sometimes targeted for improvement is organisational efficacy, which involves the process of setting organisational goals and objectives. Performance improvement can occur at different levels: an individual performer, a team, an organisational unit, or the organisation itself.
Corporate or commercial
In business, human performance in sales, operations and employee engagement is able to be improved through psychologically rewarding experiences "which can trigger a host of intrinsic human emotions and behaviour as identified by Maslow. Including rewards in a performance improvement solution is a proven strategy to engage employees and align them with the company's goals. Stimulating awards can be cash or non-cash. The addition of non-cash awards to the total rewards package may bring out the performance potential of people because it separates a reward from being used as or perceived as ordinary salary income. Non-cash awards are thought to motivate higher achievement of and drive greater returns on investment. Cash as a reward can also be spent on day-to-day items like food or gas and does not create the increased "psychological reward" of achieving special items, or points to acquire items. By connecting with all levels of the organisation, a complete rewards package may amplify performance across the organisation and bring personal goals into alignment with organisational goals," according to Maritz, LLC. Reward programs supporting improvement in sales and operations can be effectively paid for from the increase in revenue or profits which flow from the program, and without spending to reward for your current levels.
There is evidence that monetary rewards are not effective outside the context of very rote work. In some cases, monetary incentive plans may decrease employee morale, as in Microsoft's stack-ranking system, where the total reward amount is fixed and employees are graded on an artificially fitted distribution
Individual development
Performance improvement at the individual or employee level can be addressed through formal or informal recognition. Examples of formal recognition can include an "employee of the month" award or a spot bonus. Whereas, an example of informal recognition includes genuine acknowledgement, approval, and appreciation for work well done. Performance improvement at the operational or individual employee level usually involves processes such as statistical quality control.
Performance improvement plans
If an employee's performance is unsatisfactory, the employer may set out a performance improvement plan (PIP) to help the employee improve. This may be because the employee is failing to meet the goals for their role, or due to other problems such as poor behavior or interpersonal skills. A PIP is usually a written document, and it should clarify expectations for the employee, articulate how the employee is failing to meet them, lay out what improvements are expected, explain whether and how managers will support the employee in improving, and indicate what the consequences will be if the employee fails to improve. The expected improvements should be specific and measurable, and consequences for failing to meet them might include a transfer, demotion, or termination.
Typically, the employee's manager and someone from human resources meet with the employee to discuss the PIP. According to Donald L. Kirkpatrick, a PIP should be developed by the manager and the employee together, because it requires both of their participation in order to be successful. The American Society for Human Resource Management recommends that "a PIP should be used when there is a commitment to help the employee improve", not just as a way to prepare to terminate the employee, but some companies do use PIPs simply as a way to start a termination.
Methods
Performance is an abstract concept and must be represented by concrete, measurable phenomena or events to be measured. Baseball athlete performance is abstract covering many different types of activities. Batting average is a concrete measure of a particular performance attribute for a particular game role, batting, for the game of baseball.
Performance assumes an actor of some kind but the actor could be an individual person or a group of people acting in concert. The performance platform is the infrastructure or devices used in the performance act.
There are two main ways to improve performance: improving the measured attribute by using the performance platform more effectively, or by improving the measured attribute by modifying the performance platform, which in turn allows a given level of use to be more effective in producing the desired output.
For instance, in several sports such as tennis and golf, there have been technological improvements in the apparatuses used in these sports. The improved apparatus in turn allows players to achieve better performance with no improvement in skill by purchasing new equipment. The apparatus, the golf club and golf ball or the tennis racket, provide the player with a higher theoretical performance limit.
Performance is a measure of the results achieved. Performance efficiency is the ratio between effort expended and results achieved. The difference between current performance and the theoretical performance limit is the performance improvement zone.
Another way to think of performance improvement is to see it as improvement in four potential areas:
input requirements; e.g. working capital, material, replacement or reorder time, and set-up requirements.
throughput requirements, often viewed as process efficiency; this is measured in terms of time, waste, and resource utilisation.
output requirements, often viewed from a cost/price, quality, functionality perspective.
outcome requirements; i.e. did it end up making a difference.
Cycle
Business performance management and improvement can be thought of as a cycle:
Performance planning where goals and objectives are established.
Performance coaching where a manager intervenes to give feedback and adjust performance.
Performance appraisal where individual performance is formally documented and feedback delivered.
Behaviour modification
In their study of innate human needs, psychologist Abraham Maslow in their concept of a hierarchy of needs identified esteem and social fulfillment, garnered by recognition by family and peers, as a basic human need, and therefore able to be tied to structured programs that increase performance. Abraham Maslow, on “Third Force” psychology, combines aspects of behavioural, cognitive, and emotional psychology, and accounts for the impact of culture and society on behaviour.
See also
Employee development
Feedback
Collaborative method
Human performance technology
Performance engineering
Performance measurement
Personal development
Operations research
Management science
References
External links
Carnegie Mellon Software Engineering Institute CMMI.
Office of Personnel Management.
International Society for Performance Improvement.
Improving the performance of a single function in ICT.
Business process management
The 2003–04 Mid-American Conference women's basketball season began with practices in October 2003, followed by the start of the 2002–03 NCAA Division I women's basketball season in November. Conference play began in January 2004 and concluded in March 2004. Miami won the regular season title with a record of 13–2. Casey Rost of Western Michigan was MAC player of the year.
Second seeded Eastern Michigan won the MAC Tournament over seventh seeded Bowling Green. Ryan Coleman of Eastern Michigan was the tournament MVP. Eastern Michigan lost to Kentucky in the first round of the NCAA tournament. Miami, Kent State, and Western Michigan played in the WNIT.
Preseason Awards
The preseason coaches' poll was announced by the league office on October 22, 2003.
Preseason women's basketball coaches poll
East Division
Kent State
West Division
Western Michigan
Honors
Postseason
Mid–American Tournament
NCAA Tournament
Women's National Invitational Tournament
Postseason Awards
Coach of the Year: Maria Fantanarosa, Miami
Player of the Year: Casey Rost, Western Michigan
Freshman of the Year: Ali Mann, Bowling Green
Defensive Player of the Year: Lindsay Austin, Bowling Green
Sixth Man of the Year: Sarah VanMetre, Eastern Michigan
Honors
See also
2003–04 Mid-American Conference men's basketball season
References
The North Macedonia men's national under-18 basketball team is a national basketball team of North Macedonia, administered by the Basketball Federation of North Macedonia. It represents the country in international men's under-18 basketball competitions.
FIBA U18 European Championship participations
See also
North Macedonia men's national basketball team
North Macedonia men's national under-16 basketball team
North Macedonia women's national under-18 basketball team
References
External links
Official website
Archived records of North Macedonia team participations
U
National sports teams of North Macedonia
Men's national under-18 basketball teams
Gillies Lake is a lake in Timmins, Ontario, Canada. It was developed by the Conservation Authority as part of its lake rejuvenation project in 1986.
The lake features a trail, picnic facilities, interpretive storyboards, public washrooms, a boardwalk, wireless hotspots, a recreation field, a beach, sports field, playground area, and a supervised swimming area with change rooms.
See also
List of lakes in Ontario
References
Lakes of Cochrane District
Geography of Timmins
Tell Rijim is an archaeological site in Iraq, in ancient Upper Mesopotamia, in the valley of the Tigris River, about 25 kilometers to the north-west of Eski Mosul.
Archaeological research
The site was explored in 1984–1985 as part of the Eski Mosul Dam Salvage Project (later renamed Saddam Dam Salvage Project), an international archaeological salvage operation organized by the Iraqi Directorate of Antiquities in the 1980s due to the building of a dam on the Tigris River. Excavations on Tell Rijim were conducted by an expedition from the Polish Centre of Mediterranean Archaeology University of Warsaw, directed by Piotr Bieliński, during three field seasons. The site is a relatively small tell (2.5 hectares), with archaeological layers dating to many different periods. Six skeletal graves, presumably from the Sassanid period (3rd–6th century AD), were discovered on the top of the hill. Neo-Assyrian remains were uncovered just below the surface. They consisted of buildings with stone foundations, rectangular rooms, and paved courtyards; the houses were furnished with bread ovens. Four cylinder seals dated to the second half of the 8th century BC are an important find from this layer. The best-preserved are the remains of a settlement of the Khabur Ware Culture from the first half of the 2nd millennium BC, which was surrounded by a defense wall. A large part of a residential building was uncovered in the western area of the site and Ninevite 5 graves in the central one. The oldest layers date to the Uruk period. The erosion of the tell, which occurred during the breaks in the settlement, hindered the excavations. The Polish expedition also carried out work at the site of Tell Raffaan, located in the same micro-region.
External links
Polish excavations at Tell Rijim
Footnotes
Rijim
Rijim
Kadhalikka Vanga () is a 1972 Indian Tamil language film produced and written by Tamilvanan, starring Jaishankar, Srikanth and Major Sundarrajan with Manorama, Kavitha, Vijaya Girija and Thengai Srinivasan in supporting roles. It was released on 25 February 1972.
Plot
Three young rich girls go to a hotel and discuss a movie; they are: Ganga (Manorama), Yamuna (Vijaya Girija) and Kaveri (Kavitha). Kaveri made a bet with their sisters. They were to do the same robbery in their house. This was heard by Ramesh (Srikanth).  They are a gangster and robber. Jaishankar worked at a Hotel, their name was Tamilarasu. Kaveri was to blackmail their father Thengai Srinivasan, and they were brought up kin of their diamond, the other two sisters were waiting outside. Kaveri was shown the diamond for their sisters Ganga and Yamuna. At the same time, Ramesh picks up the diamond from Kaveri and takes it for himself. Yamuna noted Ramesh's (Srikanth) car number, the whole family complained to the police about the diamond robbery, the suspicion fell on robbery leader "Pulipandi". Police are consulted; One police Officer says "Pulipandi"'s lover was dancing at the night club and their name was Jasmine (Shabnam).
Ramesh (Srikanth) was driving in their car, police blocked their car, so they escape police, runs away and throws the suitcase behind the compound wall. Tamilarasu (Jaishankar) returns to their home, sees the suitcase, opens it and sees the diamond inside. Tamilarasu wants to take the suitcase for himself. Suddenly, Judo (Major Sundararajan) picks up the suitcase and goes home. A tiger comes into their home, takes the suitcase, leaves the home and gets in a car.  They are shocked, because Judo had already seen the tiger at the Night club, the tiger was a pet of dancer Jasmine (Shabnam). Jasmine was to attach the diamond to the tiger's collar. Judo comes to Jasmine, sprays anesthesia to the tiger, takes the diamond and they attach the diamond to a pigeon's leg. Kaveri sees Ramesh's car, follows them and finds their home. Kaveri tells the story to their sisters. The three girls go to Ramesh's house, wanting the diamond and they tell them the true story. Then the girls meet Tamilarasu and Judo. They three girls fall in love on sight with the three men. They pair as Ganga & Judo, Yamuna & Ramesh, Kaveri & Tamilarasu. Incidentally, Thengai Srinivasan meets Jasmine and falls in love with them Thengai Srinivasan's three daughters introduce their lovers; a Doctor, Builder and a Professor. But Thengai Srinivasan knows the truth; Tamilarasu worked as a servant, so Kaveri's father objects to their marriage. so Kaveri told the truth, the other two sisters' lovers real profession was robbery and smuggling. Then Ganga is angry with Kaveri, and Ganga tells the secret of the diamond robbery: Kaveri had stolen the diamond from own house and Thengai Srinivasan is shocked to hear this news. They tell all the stories to Jasmine. They tell them arrange our daughter's marriage, then we are getting married.
Kaveri is invited to the wedding and comes to their music master's home. At the same time, Ramesh invites Jasmine to dance at the wedding, sees Ramesh's hands and is thinking about the ring. Jasmine comes to the Pulipandi home. Kaveri is hiding behind the door, Jasmine searches the box, but the ring is inside the box, they are totally confused. Jasmine takes the suitcase and goes out. Kaveri opens another box, they see for kin of their diamond. Kaveri and Jasmine fight, their music master enters, Kaveri asks them to help, but they try to shoot Kaveri, and Tamilarasu saves Kaveri. Finally, they are identified; the music master is Pulipandi. The police arrest them. Thengai Srinivasan requests the Police Inspector take another three handcuffs because there is a con-man, a robber and a smuggler, the Inspector clears Thengai Srinivasan's doubts, your three sons-in-law are CID officers. Judo (Major Sundararajan) is a Bombay CID Officer, Ramesh (Srikanth) is a Delhi CID officer and Tamilarasu (Jaishankar) is a Tamil Nadu CID Officer. Finally they are married.
Cast
Jaishankar as Tamilarasu
Major Sundarrajan as Judo
Srikanth as Ramesh
Kavitha as Kaveri
Thengai Srinivasan
Manorama as Ganga
Vijaya Girija as Yamuna
Shabnam as Jasmine
Soundtrack
The music was composed by Raghava Naidu and the lyrics were written by Veerapandian.
References
External links
1970s Tamil-language films
1972 films
Films scored by J. V. Raghavulu
Indian black-and-white films
Puerto del Carmen (Pto. del Carmen) is the main tourist town on the island of Lanzarote, Canary Islands, Spain. It is part of the municipality of Tías. Most of Lanzarote's over 1 million visitors per year choose this town as their destination. As a result, almost all of the town's economy revolves around tourism.
History
The area of Puerto del Carmen was inhabited before the arrival of the Normans on the island and, at least since the 16th century, known as Tiñosa, so it appears on the maps of Torriani (as Tinosa), Brihuela/Cosala (as La Tiñosa), P.A. del Castillo (as La Tiñoça) and Riviere (as La Tinosa). This toponym is probably of Guanche origin, adapted to the phonetics of Spanish and related to other lexical variants such as Tiñor in El Hierro or Tiñoa in Tenerife.
After The Conquest it becomes a place of anchorage. In 1591 Leonardo Torriani, refers to the natural port of La Tiñosa. Later on, it became important with the barrel trade.
In 1900 it was declared a Port of General Interest, a distinction it lost in 1928 in favour of Arrecife. In 1904, La Tiñosa became a town with 194 inhabitants, mainly dedicated to fishing. In 1957, the small fishing village was renamed Puerto del Carmen, in honour of Nuestra Señora del Carmen.
The promenade known as "Avenida de las Playas" contains many restaurants, shops, bars and casinos.
From the coast it has been extending inland, up to a distance of approximately one kilometre.
Tourism
Since the opening of the Hotel los Fariones in 1967 it attracts tourists from all over Europe, particularly Ireland, the UK and Germany as well as from Scandinavia and Spain. The Avenida de las Playas, the main street/avenue in the town, extends some 7 km along the island's southern coast, with beaches on one side and many restaurants, bars, shops and other tourist attractions on the other. Apartments, villas and hotels cover a kilometre or so inland from the coastline. The quaint and peaceful old town includes the harbour and docks, the Puerto Tinosa. Here there are a smaller variety of restaurants and bars with views across the harbour and the sea to the volcanic mountains of Papagayo beyond to views of another Canary Island: Fuerteventura.
Scuba diving
Puerto del Carmen is host to a large number of dive centres and scuba diving is one of the most popular sports there with very favourable conditions all year round. Water temperatures vary from 19 °C in the winter to 23 °C in the summer and visibility averages over 25 metres to 30 metres. Playa Chica is based in the old town of Puerto Del Carmen and is home to over 10 dive sites, with dives available from shore and boat.
Shopping and dining
Puerto Del Carmen hosts a variety of shops which sell mainly tourist-oriented products. The new town hosts bars, restaurants and tourist shops. The old town has many restaurants with outdoor terraces that overlook the marina below and the distant volcanic peaks. The Biosfera Plaza is a shopping plaza, opened in 2002, which includes many international brands and has entertainment facilities. There are a handful of clubs in the open until 6am which are often popular with many younger tourists.
References
External links
Things to do in Puerto del Carmen
Populated places in Lanzarote
Øyulf Hjertenes (born 23 May 1979) is a Norwegian economist, journalist and newspaper editor.
Career
Hjertenes was born in Florø.  They are educated cand.oecon. from the Norwegian School of Economics. They have worked as journalist for the newspapers Dagbladet, Bergensavisen and Firdaposten. They were a chief editor of the newspaper Bergens Tidende from 2015 to 2019. In 2019 they were assigned another administrative position in the Schibsted media group, and Frøy Gudbrandsen took over as chief editor of Bergens Tidende.
References
1979 births
Living people
People from Flora, Norway
Norwegian School of Economics alumni
Norwegian newspaper editors
Norwegian economists
Bergens Tidende editors
Herrensee station is a railway station in the village of Herrensee in the municipality of Rehfelde in the Märkisch-Oderland district of Brandenburg, Germany. It is served by the line .
References
Railway stations in Brandenburg
Buildings and structures in Märkisch-Oderland
Acrolepia poliopis is a moth of the family Acrolepiidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1919. It is found in South America.
References
Moths described in 1919
Acrolepiidae
Werner Leibbrand (1896–1974) was a German psychiatrist and medical historian. They showed an early talent and affection for music and languages. As a young man they considered a career as a pianist and they spoke French, Italian, Spanish, Russian and Yiddish. Their father however, influenced them to study medicine and philosophy. After becoming a medical doctor they specialized in psychiatry. In the crisis years around 1930 they joined Verein Sozialistischer Ärzte (The Association of Socialist Doctors) and co-founded a center for drug addicts. They fell into disgrace and was persecuted by the Nazis.
After World War II they became director of the psychiatric clinic in Erlangen. In 1947 Leibbrand was appointed to a tenured professorship in the history of medicine at the University of Erlangen. They moved to Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich and was in 1958 appointed regular associate professor there, in 1969 professor emeritus. Between 1955 and 1973 they and Annemarie Wettley regularly taught at the Sorbonne in Paris.
They married three times: first to a singer, whom they divorced in 1932; they then married Margarete Bergius (1885–1949); and in 1962 they married Annemarie Wettley (Annemarie Leibbrand-Wettley) (1913–1996) with whom they co-authored several major works.
Major works
Awards
Palmes Académiques, the highest academic award of the French Republic in 1971
Sources
1896 births
1974 deaths
University of Erlangen-Nuremberg faculty
Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich faculty
University of Paris faculty
German male non-fiction writers
Isaac Baker Brown (1811 – 3 February 1873) was a prominent 19th-century English gynaecologist and obstetrical surgeon. They had a reputation as a specialist in the diseases of women and advocated certain surgical procedures, including clitoridectomies, as cures for epilepsy and hysteria. In 1867, their career ended when they were accused of performing these procedures without consent of the patients. They were subsequently expelled from the Obstetrical Society of London.
Biography
Early life
Baker Brown was born in 1811 in Colne Engaine, Essex. Their parents were farmer Isaac Baker Brown, and Catherine (née Boyer), the daughter of a schoolmaster. They went to school in Halstead, Essex, and became an apprentice to a surgeon called Gibson. They studied at Guy's Hospital, London and specialised in midwifery and diseases of women. They married Anne Rusher Barron on 18 June 1833, in Colchester, Essex. Following Anne's death they married their second wife, Catherine Read, on 21 May 1863.
Career
Baker Brown opened a medical practice in Connaught Square, London in 1834 and soon became known as a specialist in gynaecology. In 1845, they were one of the founders of St Mary's Hospital, London. They were elected a Fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons in 1848. In 1858 they founded the London Surgical Home for Women and worked on advancing surgical procedures. They began to perform ovariotomies on women, including their own sister. In 1864, they were the first person to describe a surgical treatment for stress incontinence involving a suprapubic cystostomy procedure. They were elected president of the Medical Society of London in 1865. In 1866, Baker Brown described the use of clitoridectomy as a cure for several conditions, including epilepsy, catalepsy and mania, which they attributed to masturbation. In On the Curability of Certain Forms of Insanity, Epilepsy, Catalepsy, and Hysteria in Females, they gave a 70 per cent success rate using this treatment.
During 1866, Baker Brown began to receive negative feedback from within the medical profession from doctors who opposed the use of clitoridectomies and questioned the validity of Baker Brown's claims of success. An article appeared in The Times in December, which was favourable towards Baker Brown's work but suggested that Baker Brown had treated women of unsound mind. The London Surgical Home was not licensed for this under the Lunacy Act and when the Lunacy Commission began to ask questions, Baker Brown denied it and tried to distance themselves from the article. They were also accused of performing clitoridectomies without the consent or knowledge of their patients or their families. In 1867 they were expelled from the Obstetrical Society of London for carrying out the operations without consent.
Baker Brown's career did not recover and they died on 3 February 1873 in London following a year spent as an invalid.
Bibliography
1854: On some Diseases of Women Admitting of Surgical Treatment
1866: On the Curability of Certain Forms of Insanity, Epilepsy, Catalepsy, and Hysteria in Females
Footnotes
References
1811 births
1873 deaths
19th-century English medical doctors
English gynaecologists
English surgeons
Medical controversies in the United Kingdom
People from Braintree District
Robert M. Raica (born March 13, 1954) was a Republican member of the Illinois Senate from 1987 to 1997.
Prior to holding elected office, Raica was assistant chief paramedic with the Chicago Fire Department. Raica defeated Democratic incumbent LeRoy Lemke in the 1986 general election in a racially-charged campaign targeting Reagan Democrats on the issues of crime and taxes. Raica defeated William F. Krystyniak, a member of the Chicago City Council from the 23rd ward, in the 1988 general election. For a time during their tenure in the Senate, they served as the Chair of the Committee on Public Health and Welfare. Raica lost the 1996 Republican primary to then-Village Trustee Christine Radogno of LaGrange. On February 21, 2021, Raica submitted their name to the Democratic Committeepersons of the 22nd legislative district for consideration to be appointed to the vacant State Representative position.
Notes
1954 births
Living people
Politicians from Chicago
Paramedics
Illinois Republicans
Illinois state senators
Vladimir Ilyich class is a class of Russian river passenger ships. It is named after the first ship of the class Vladimir Ilyich.
Four-deck cruise ships manufactured in Germany, 1974–1983.
River cruise ships of the German Project 301 / BiFa125M
Overview
See also
List of river cruise ships
Anton Chekhov-class motorship
Baykal-class motorship
Dmitriy Furmanov-class motorship
Maksim Gorkiy-class motorship
Oktyabrskaya Revolyutsiya-class motorship
Rodina-class motorship
Rossiya-class motorship (1952)
Rossiya-class motorship (1973)
Sergey Yesenin-class motorship
Valerian Kuybyshev-class motorship
Yerofey Khabarov-class motorship
References
River cruise ships
Ships of Russia
Ships of the Soviet Union
East Germany–Soviet Union relations
Wye railway station serves Wye in Kent, England, on the Ashford to Ramsgate line. The station and all trains that serve the station are operated by Southeastern.
History
The first plan for a station near Wye was in 1812, when John Rennie the Elder proposed building a canal to connect the River Medway in North Kent with the River Rother in East Sussex. A tramway would connect Wye to the canal. The proposal was abandoned in favour of through railways.
The station was opened by the South Eastern Railway on 6 February 1846, along with the rest of the line from Ashford to . It was a constructed next to a level crossing with the main road, on the grounds that Parliament believed trains would not be frequent. A crane for goods traffic was installed in 1852. The station began serving local gravel goods traffic in 1919. Freight facilities were closed on 10 June 1963.
Racecourse station
On the opposite side of the level crossing a separate station was opened in March 1882 to serve the racecourse. It was closed in May 1974 (with the last horse racing meeting) and subsequently demolished.
Facilities
The platforms were connected by a concrete footbridge in 1960. This was replaced with a steel footbridge in 2015. There is a manned level crossing at the south end of the station. This is a local traffic bottleneck, causing delays when it is closed for maintenance.
The station is manned for part of the day. There is a passenger-operated ticket machine located on the Ashford-bound platform, by the footbridge.
The station buildings on the Ashford-bound platform contain the booking office. There is a shelter on the Canterbury-bound platform.
Services
All services at Wye are operated by Southeastern using and EMUs.
The typical off-peak service in trains per hour is:
1 tph to via
1 tph to
During the peak hours, the station is also served by trains to London Charing Cross via .
The station is also served by a single early morning service to London St Pancras International, operated by a EMU.
References
Citations
Sources
External links
Railway stations in Kent
Transport in the Borough of Ashford
Former South Eastern Railway (UK) stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1846
Railway stations served by Southeastern
Birthana consocia is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Francis Walker in 1865. It is found on the Moluccas.
Adults are blackish brown, the forewings with a broad luteous (muddy-yellow) band extending from much beyond half the length of the costa to the end of the interior border.
References
Moths described in 1865
Immidae
Moths of Oceania
Peter Palus Cosey (October 9, 1943 – May 30, 2012) was an American guitarist who played with Miles Davis' band between 1973 and 1975. Their fiercely flanged and distorted guitar invited comparisons to Jimi Hendrix. Cosey kept a low profile for much of their career and released no solo recorded works. They appeared on Davis's albums Get Up with It (1974), Agharta (1975), Pangaea (1976), Dark Magus (1977), and The Complete On the Corner Sessions (2007).
Biography
Early life
Cosey was born in Chicago, Illinois. They were the only child of a musical family. Their father and mother wrote for Louis Jordan and Eddie "Cleanhead" Vinson and their father played for Sidney Bechet and Josephine Baker. Following the death of their father, Cosey and their mother moved to Phoenix, Arizona, where they spent their teenage years and began developing their guitar style.
Early career
Prior to joining the Miles Davis band in 1973, Cosey was a busy session guitarist with Chess Records, playing on records by Etta James, Fontella Bass ("Rescue Me"), Rotary Connection, Howlin' Wolf (The Howlin' Wolf Album) and Muddy Waters (Electric Mud, After the Rain).
Cosey was also an early member of Chicago's Association for the Advancement of Creative Musicians (AACM). They were an early member of the Pharaohs, and a group with drummer Maurice White and bassist Louis Satterfield that eventually evolved into Earth, Wind & Fire. Some of their pre-Miles jazz playing is available on albums by Phil Cohran's Artistic Heritage Ensemble.
After joining Davis, Cosey performed on the albums Get Up with It, Dark Magus, Agharta and Pangaea. By 1975, Cosey had developed a remarkably advanced guitar approach—involving numerous alternative tunings, guitars restrung in unusual patterns and a post-Hendrix palette of distortion, wah-wah and guitar synth effects—that has influenced many adventurous guitarists, including Henry Kaiser and Vernon Reid.
Following the 1975 break-up of the Miles Davis band, Cosey largely disappeared from public view. After performing on the title track of Herbie Hancock's Future Shock (1983), they did not appear on record again until Akira Sakata's Fisherman's.com (with Sakata, Bill Laswell and Hamid Drake) in 2000. Throughout the '80s, they were involved in a number of Chicago- and New York-based groups with various musicians, but no recordings have been released. In 1987, they replaced Bill Frisell in the trio Power Tools with bassist Melvin Gibbs and drummer Ronald Shannon Jackson (a live recording is available through RSJ's website).
2000s
In 2001, they started a group called Children of Agharta to explore the electric Miles Davis repertoire. The first line-up was Cosey, Gary Bartz, John Stubblefield, Matt Rubano, J. T. Lewis, and DJ Johnny Juice Rosado (studio DJ for Public Enemy). The group's booking agency was listing the band as a quartet of Cosey, Bartz, Melvin Gibbs and Doni Hagen.
In 2003, Cosey appeared on an episode of American television's The People's Court, successfully suing a promoter for failing to pay fully for a Children of Agharta gig.
Cosey was also a featured soloist with the group Burnt Sugar on their album The Rites.
In 2004, Cosey appeared in the Godfathers and Sons episode of Martin Scorsese's documentary series The Blues. The episode followed Marshall Chess and Chuck D (of Public Enemy) reuniting the musicians from Muddy Waters' Electric Mud album to record a new track.
In July 2006, Cosey was fleetingly glimpsed during the finale of Bill Laswell's PBS Soundstage concert (his performance having been edited out of the broadcast).
In 2003, Cosey scored a short film, directed by Eli Mavros, entitled Alone Together. Cosey and Mavros had met the previous year during production of Mark Levin's episode for the PBS Blues series. After appearing on Eli's college blues radio show, Shake Em On Down, on New York University's radio station, 89.1 FM WNYU, they agreed to score the film. In the spirit of jazz and spontaneity, the soundtrack to the film was improvised by Cosey in real time over several takes, with several different instruments; no two takes were the same. They played guitar (using several distortion pedals, often bowing the strings like a violin), African thumb piano, and a zither given to them by Miles Davis. The film went on to show at several small film festivals.
In 2007-08, Cosey contributed to the CD Miles from India, which celebrates the music of Miles Davis. It features many former Miles sidemen and Indian musicians, with Cosey playing on five tracks: "Ife (Fast)", "It's About That Time", "Miles Runs the Voodoo Down", "Great Expectations", and "Ife (Slow)".
Death
Pete Cosey died on May 30, 2012 of complications following surgery at Vanguard Weiss Memorial Hospital in Chicago. Although they spent most of their life in Chicago, they were living in nearby Evanston, Illinois.
Instruments and equipment
Cosey was known for playing in a variety of guitar tunings; a friend commented they had a different tuning for each song. With Davis, they played an SG-like Guild (Agharta, Pangaea) and two 1950s Gibson Les Pauls (Dark Magus). Live they also used a Vox Phantom 12-string guitar and a Morris Mando Mania. Unusually, Cosey tuned their 12-string to polyphonic intervals, rather than customary octaves/unison. They used a variety of effects (on stage they had those set up on a table in front of him, with assorted percussion instruments) including two wah pedals. An early fan of the guitar synthesizer, they played an EMS Synthi A synthesizer and later an Ibanez MIDI controller, a Roland guitar synth, and a Yamaha TX81Z.
References
External links
Chicago Reader interview, 1997
Chicago Reader interview, 2003
1943 births
2012 deaths
American jazz guitarists
American blues guitarists
American male guitarists
Guitarists from Chicago
20th-century American guitarists
Jazz musicians from Illinois
20th-century American male musicians
American male jazz musicians
The 2008 Dubai World Cup was a horse race held at Nad Al Sheba Racecourse on Saturday 29 March 2008. It was the 13th running of the Dubai World Cup.
The winner was Stonestreet Stables & Midnight Cry Stables' Curlin, a four-year-old chestnut colt trained in the United States by Steve Asmussen and ridden by Robby Albarado. Curlin's victory was the first in the race for their jockey, trainer and owner.
Curlin had been the American Horse of the Year in 2007 when their wins included the Preakness Stakes and the Breeders' Cup Classic. They were sent to Dubai in early 2008 and won a handicap race at Nad Al Sheba on 28 February. In the 2008 Dubai World Cup they started the 4/11 favourite and won by a record margin of seven and three quarter lengths from the South African-trained Asiatic Boy, with Well Armed a neck away in third.
Race details
Sponsor: Emirates Airline
Purse: £3,015,075; First prize: £1,809,045
Surface: Dirt
Going: Fast
Distance: 10 furlongs
Number of runners: 12
Winner's time: 2:01.15
Full result
Abbreviations: nse = nose; nk = neck; shd = head; hd = head; nk = neck
Winner's details
Further details of the winner, Curlin
Sex: Colt
Foaled: 25 March 2004
Country: United States
Sire: Smart Strike; Dam: Sheriff's Deputy (Deputy Minister)
Owner: Stonestreet Stables & Midnight Cry Stables
Breeder: Fares Farm
References
Dubai World Cup
Dubai World Cup
Dubai World Cup
Dubai World Cup
They Grazed Horses on Concrete () is a film which lays out serious topics that include a woman's capacity to hold their own in society, sexual mores, and abortion, and balances them with comedy and irony in proportions that instantly made it one of the biggest domestic blockbusters in Slovak cinema.
A quarter of a century later, its DVD release sold out within weeks. The film, directed by the reputed Štefan Uher, made the women at its center stage stand for humankind as matter-of-factly as much of Central European filmmaking had been portraying men's worlds, the quiet turnaround never even became a talking point. It was also the first film that employed a regional variety of the language that would be naturally used where the story took place, which provided an additional layer of humor whose novelty had people rolling in the aisles.
Its baffling title quotes a verse from a fresh folk song about a woman striving to accomplish impossible feats. Attempts to render it in English resulted in the film being shown and quoted under a range of titles that have included They Kept Crying for the Moon, They Kept Asking for the Moon, A Ticket to Heaven (also the erroneous A Ticket to the Heaven), and Concrete Pastures.
The film was entered into the 13th Moscow International Film Festival where it won the Silver Prize.
Plot
Johanka (Milka Zimková) had a fling with a well-digger (Peter Vonš) they had not met before and who, they were most likely certain, would never be around again. About 18 years later, they are a single woman respected and recognized at the local co-op farm where they work − except that it does not translate to the same compensation for them as for the male workers − who keeps turning down their lifelong suitor, friend and neighbor Berty (Peter Staník). Them 18-year-old daughter Paulína (Veronika Jeníková) commutes by bus to work in the nearby city, which gives the village gossips the occasional opportunity to remind them of their unknown father. A resultant conflict with their mother makes Paulína take up residence in the city.
Johanka, prodded by their also-single friend Jozefka (Marie Logojdová) who maintains that a woman without a man is nothing, begins to woo the new teacher Jarek (Jiří Klepl) only to discover later that they are married. Paulína, in the meantime, loses their virginity to the soldier Jirka (Ivan Klečka) who promptly makes themselves scarce. Johanka fails to consider that they actually have a better life than some of their married neighbors, begins to see abortion or marriage as Paulína's only options, and places personals on their behalf. Although Štefan (Ľubomír Paulovič), one of the men who respond, turns out to be less than ideal, Paulína falls for him.
As Štefan's car breaks down on the way to the elaborate wedding party and the cake adorned with a doll they are bringing begins to melt in the heat, Paulína, in their wedding dress and tipsy before the ceremony, suffers miscarriage, perhaps as a result of Johanka's earlier attempt to induce abortion that would look as if it occurred spontaneously. The car that carries Paulína to the hospital passes Štefan's car towed by a farm tractor, but none of the involved notice.
Director
Štefan Uher (1930, Prievidza − 1993, Bratislava) graduated from the FAMU (Film and TV School of the Academy of Performing Arts) in Prague in 1955. Among their fellow students were future directors Martin Hollý Jr. and Peter Solan who also began to work at the Koliba film studios (then called the Feature Film Studio and the Short Film Studio) in Bratislava after graduation. Uher first worked in the short film division. Their second feature film, The Sun in a Net is still recognized as a milestone in the development of Slovak and Czech cinema. Milka Zimková acted in their three previous films. The cameraman of They Grazed Horses on Concrete, Stanislav Szomolányi, later professor of cinematography at the University of Performing Arts, Bratislava, made nine other films with Uher.
Screenplay
Milka Zimková's (b. 1951, Okružná) collection of short stories They Grazed Horses on Concrete (Pásla kone na betóne, 1980) was an instant success and has been republished least six times through the 2000s. Documentary film director Fero Fenič wrote a literary-narrative screenplay on themes from the last of the fifteen stories, "A Ticket to Heaven" (Vstupenka do neba), but when they began to work with Zimková on a shooting script, they disagreed with their bleak take on the story and the demotion of Johanka's character to a supporting role and refused them as the film's potential director. Fenič stuck to their approach and directed their reworked screenplay under the title A Juice Novel (Džusový román, 1984, released 1988) at the Barrandov Studios.
Zimková then found an accommodating co-writer in Uher who knew them from their roles in their three previous films. Their screenplay absorbed several of the themes and characters from their debut in fiction, but apart from that, there is little resemblance between the book's self-contained tales and the film's integrated storyline. Zimková said that the title was a phrase used in their village to describe someone who had happiness within reach and then lost it. That local meaning would not have been recognized by most viewers, though. It is a line from a waggish folk song. It continues "she bathed in razor blades..." and depicts a woman acting out impracticable feats. Zimková was key in the film's outcome: they were the author of the original book, co-wrote the screenplay, was familiar with the region where the story took place, and took on the leading role of Johanka.
Cast
Milka Zimková played in Štefan Uher's three previous films. The cast was composed of little known actors, several of them Czechs who were capable of giving convincing performances in Slovak as well as in its eastern regional variety, but the successful use of the local dialect also gave the distributors in the Czech-speaking area of Czechoslovakia the idea to have it subtitled in Czech, a complete rarity in the history of Czechoslovak cinema. Many of the extras were hired at Šarišské Michaľany and Fintice, two of the filming locations, as well as in neighboring Ostrovany.
Release dates
The premiere was in Bratislava in 1982, the film opened in Czechoslovakia's Czech-speaking part in 1983, it was released in the former East Germany in 1984 under the literal translation Sie weidete Pferde auf Beton, which was also the case with its Polish title Pasła konie na betonie, while the Hungarian rendition of the title was Betonlegelő (A Concrete Pasture), the latter two countries saw it in 1985.
They Grazed Horses on Concrete was released on DVD in the PAL format, 4:3 aspect ratio, region-free ("Region 0") with English subtitles by SME/Slovenský filmový ústav in 2006.
References
External links
Kevin Brochet, "Štefan Uher and Milka Zimková: They Grazed Horses on Concrete (Pásla kone na betóne) 1982."
Martin Votruba, ed. KinoKultura, Special Issue 3: Slovak Cinema.
Slovak Film Institute
Slovak comedy-drama films
Slovak-language films
Czechoslovak comedy-drama films
1982 films
Films directed by Štefan Uher
McConnell's spinetail (Synallaxis macconnelli) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is found in Brazil, French Guiana, Guyana, Suriname, and Venezuela.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and heavily degraded former forest.
References
McConnell's spinetail
Birds of Venezuela
Birds of the Guianas
McConnell's spinetail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
WBFW may refer to:
WBFW (FM), a radio station (94.5 FM) licensed to serve Smith Mills, Kentucky, United States
WPTA-DT2, a television subchannel (channel 24.2, virtual 21.2) in Fort Wayne, Indiana, United States, which was known as WBFW from 1998 to 2006
The Ambassador of Ireland to the United States is the head of the Embassy of Ireland, Washington, DC, and the official representative of the Government of Ireland to the Government of the United States.
Daniel Mulhall, appointed Ambassador in August 2017, was incumbent .
The Irish Embassy is located at 2234 Massachusetts Avenue, NW in Sheridan Circle since 1949 and the Ambassador's residence is at 2244 S Street NW.
Ambassadors
Daniel Mulhall (August 2017 - )
2013 - 2017: Anne Anderson
2007 - 2013: Michael Collins
2002 - 2007: Noel Fahey
1997 - 2002: Sean O Huiginn
1991 - 1997: Dermot Gallagher
1985 - 1991: Padraic N. MacKernan
1984 - 1985: Tadhg O'Sullivan
1978 - 1984: Sean Donlon
1973 - 1978: John G. Molloy
1970 - 1973: William Warnock
1964 - 1969: William P. Fay
1960 - 1964: Thomas J. Kiernan
1950 - 1960: John Joseph Hearne
1947 - 1950: Sean Nunan
1938 - 1947: Robert Brennan
1929 - 1938: Michael MacWhite
1924 - 1929: Timothy Smiddy
References
United States
Ireland
In enzymology, a galactose-6-phosphate isomerase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
D-galactose 6-phosphate D-tagatose 6-phosphate
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, D-galactose 6-phosphate, and one product, D-tagatose 6-phosphate.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those intramolecular oxidoreductases interconverting aldoses and ketoses. The systematic name of this enzyme class is D-galactose-6-phosphate aldose-ketose-isomerase. This enzyme participates in galactose metabolism.
References
EC 5.3.1
Enzymes of unknown structure
Antonio Modesto Quirasco (May 20, 1904 – July 3, 1981) was a Mexican politician. They were governor of Vera Cruz State.
1904 births
Governors of Veracruz
Institutional Revolutionary Party politicians
1981 deaths
Politicians from Veracruz
Southern Pacific Railroad Passenger Coach Car-S.P. X7 dates from c. 1875 and was used until 1938. It is a former passenger coach of the Southern Pacific Railroad's Southern Division. The railway vehicle was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000, at which time it was located in Yuma, Arizona.
It is a representative example of the type of passenger coach car used when the Southern Pacific Railway entered Arizona, in September 1877, at Yuma Crossing.
A historic photo documents Geronimo beside a similar coach car in Texas in 1886.
See also
List of historic properties in Yuma, Arizona
Southern Pacific Railroad Depot (Yuma, Arizona) – also NRHP listed.
Southern Pacific Freight Depot (Yuma, Arizona) – also NRHP listed.
National Register of Historic Places listings in Yuma County, Arizona
References
Rail passenger cars of the United States
Railway vehicles on the National Register of Historic Places in Arizona
Southern Pacific Railroad
Buildings and structures in Yuma, Arizona
National Register of Historic Places in Yuma County, Arizona
36206 is the sixth full-length album of the Seattle rock band Sledgeback. Released in 2016 by Grundrecords, the sound of the album is general punk rock.
Track listing
"Unchosen" - 1.28
"Éjjeli Járat" - 3:25
"Kids of the street" - 2:58
"Kirakatfeleség" - 2:43
"Múló Állapot" - 2:41
"System" - 2:56
"Búcsúlevél" - 3:31
"Maradék Élet" - 3:12
"No destination" - 2:49
"Hagyj Élni" - 3:04
"Jól Vagyok" - 2:50
"Wasted" - 2:16
"Úton" - 3:32
"Gotti" - 1:02
"The hate" - 3.18
Catalog number
Catalog number: GR060
References
Sledgeback albums
2016 albums
Punk rock albums by American artists
Adrienne Jansen is a New Zealand creative writing teacher, editor and a writer of fiction, non-fiction and poetry. They have worked closely with immigrants, and their writing often relates to the migrant experience.
Biography
Adrienne Jansen was born in Wellington in 1947.
They worked as a writer at the Museum of New Zealand Te Papa Tongarewa for 11 years. They were also heavily involved in refugee resettlement and teaching ESOL (English for speakers of other languages). In the 1980s, they helped set up the Porirua Language Project (now part of English Language Partners). This background and their years of experience of living and working among immigrants is reflected in their writing (both fiction and non-fiction), which often focuses on the migrant experience. They have frequently worked alongside migrants to help them tell their stories.
Them published work includes fiction and non-fiction for adults and children, collections of poetry, short stories broadcast on radio and poems and stories in anthologies such as 4th Floor and Best New Zealand Poems. Them stories have been highly commended in the Commonwealth Short Story Competition (“War”, 2002) and shortlisted for the BNZ Literary Awards. They worked with Guy Jansen in the last years of their life on their book Sing New Zealand: the story of choral music in Aotearoa.
In 1990, Jansen was a Winston Churchill Fellow, travelling to Canada and the United Kingdom to look at access to education for disadvantaged groups in those countries. They founded the Creative Writing Programme at Whitireia Polytechnic in 1993. This was the first full-year, full-time writing course in New Zealand, and it was designed by Jansen to be accessible to all and to encourage diversity and inclusiveness. They were coordinator of the programme until 1999 and taught fiction and editing as well as writing several online courses until most of the programme was disestablished in 2019. They were co-founder of Whitireia Creative Writing Programme's Escalator Press in 2013 and their novel The Score was the first book to be published by this new imprint. In 2016, they helped set up Landing Press.
Jansen has appeared at numerous author talks and writing festivals. They have also run creative writing workshops for Māori writers (with Huia Publishers), Pasifika writers (with Creative New Zealand) and in Vanuatu and Indonesia.
Them manuscript "Light Keeping" was shortlisted for the 2021 Michael Gifkins Prize.
They live in Titahi Bay, Porirua.
Bibliography
Non-fiction'Neighbourhood Groups ideas to get you started, co-authored with Sally Tripp (NZWEA, 1981; new ed. Whitcoulls, 1986)Having a Baby in New Zealand, co-authored with Ruth Dawson (Wellington Multicultural Educational Resource Centre, 1984), published in English, Samoan, Cantonese, Vietnamese and KhmerI Have in My Arms Both Ways (Bridget Williams Books, 1990, republished 2015)The Crescent Moon: The Asian Face of Islam in New Zealand, with photographs by Ans Westra (Asia New Zealand Foundation, 2009)Abdel's Favourites from the Marrakech Café, with Abdelghani El Adraoui (Marrakech Café, 2013)Migrant Journeys: New Zealand Taxi Drivers Tell Their Stories, with co-author Liz Grant (Bridget Williams Books, 2015)
Children's non-fictionBorany's story (Learning Media, 1991), shortlisted for the LIANZA Elsie Locke Non-Fiction Award in 1992Thirteen flavours (Learning Media, 1995)Asli's story (Learning Media, 2000)I say, you say (Learning Media, 2001)What's the difference? (Learning Media, 2001)Fear (Learning Media, 2002)A pot of gold ; and, The clever farmer : folk tales from Vietnam (Learning Media, 2003)
NovelsSpirit Writing (Harper Collins, 1999)Floating the Fish on Bamboo (Harper Collins, 2001)The Score (Escalator Press, 2013)A Line of Sight (Escalator Press, 2015)A Change of Key (Escalator Press, 2018)
PoetryA stone seat and a shadow tree (Inkweed, 2001)Keel & drift (Landing Press, 2016)All of us (with Carina Gallegos) (Landing Press, 2018)
As editorThe Curioseum: Collected Stories of the Odd and Marvellous (Te Papa Press, 2014), shortlisted for the Publishers Association of New Zealand (PANZ) Book Design Awards 2015More of us'' (Landing Press, 2019)
External links
Author Profile: "Jansen, Adrienne" on Read NZ Te Pou Muramura website
References
Living people
New Zealand women writers
People from Wellington City
People from Porirua
Date of birth missing (living people)
1947 births
The blue-browed tanager (Tangara cyanotis) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.
It is found in Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Taxonomy and systematics
The blue-browed tanager was first described as Calliste cyanotis by Philip Sclater in 1858, on the basis of a specimen sent by M. Verreaux. The generic name Tangara is from the Tupí word tangara, meaning dancer. The specific name cyanotis is from the Ancient Greek words κυανος (kuanos), meaning dark blue, and ωτις (otis), meaning eared. Blue-browed tanager is the official common name designated by the International Ornithologists' Union (IOC).
The blue-browed tanager is one of 27 species in the genus Tangara. Within the genus, it is placed in a species group with the golden-naped tanager and the metallic-green tanager. While DNA evidence suggests that the golden-naped tanager is not closely related to the other two species in the genus, it is likely that the blue-browed and metallic-green tanagers are sister to each other.
There are two recognized species of the blue-browed tanager. They are differentiated by differences in plumage.
T. c. lutleyi Hellmayr, 1917: Found from southern Colombia to Ecuador and Peru. It differs from the nominate in having a black back and ear coverts.
T. c. cyanotis (Sclater, PL, 1858): The nominate subspecies, it is found in Bolivia and southeastern Peru.
References
blue-browed tanager
Birds of the Northern Andes
blue-browed tanager
blue-browed tanager
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Asya (born 24 February 1965) is a Turkish pop singer and songwriter who appeared as backing vocalist for Nilüfer between 1990 and 1994. Them first album Asya was released in 1994. They worked with Onno Tunç, Garo Mafyan, Mustafa Sandal, Gökhan Kırdar, Deneb Pinjo, İskender Paydaş and Özgür Buldum.
Discography
Asya (1994), (Yaşar Plak/1994)
Asya (1996), (Yaşar Plak/1996)
Masum (Innocent), (Yaşar Plak/1999)
Dönmem Yolumdan (I don't Retract from My Way), (Sony Müzik Türkiye/2002)
Aşktır Beni Güzel Yapan (This is Love That Makes Me Beautiful), (Seyhan Müzik/2007)
Aşk İz Bırakır, (2014)
Asya (Remixes), (2021)
Music videos
Vurulmuşum Sana (I have Fallen in Love with You)
Romantik Aşk (Romantic Love)
Uçtum Seninle (I Flied With You)
Yoksun Sen (You have Perished)
Beni Aldattın (You Betrayed Me)
İsyankar (Mutinous)
Ayrılmak Zor (Parting with You is Hard)
Masum (Innocent)
Pişmanım (I've Repented)
Olmadı Yar (No My Love)
Nazara Geldik (Struck by The Evil Eye)
Gittin Gideli (Since You have Gone)
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fkSvJzbuSqQ Git Güle Güle] (Go, Bye Bye)''
References
Asya biyografi, diskografi ve şarkı sözleri
Sabah Gazetesi (1999)
Michael Show (2002)
Sabah Gazetesi Ropörtaj (2007)
Hürriyet Gazetesi (2007)
Zaman Gazetesi Cumaertesi ekinde yer alan ropörtaj (2007)
1965 births
Living people
Turkish women singers
Turkish pop singers
People from Eskişehir
Helluomorphoides is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae, containing the following species:
Helluomorphoides agathyrsus (Buquet, 1835)
Helluomorphoides balli Reichardt, 1974
Helluomorphoides brunneus (Putzeys, 1846)
Helluomorphoides clairvillei (Dejean, 1831)
Helluomorphoides diana Reichardt, 1974
Helluomorphoides femoratus (Dejean, 1831)
Helluomorphoides ferrugineus (Leconte, 1853)
Helluomorphoides gigantops Reichardt, 1974
Helluomorphoides glabratus (Bates, 1871)
Helluomorphoides io Reichardt, 1974
Helluomorphoides juno Reichardt, 1974
Helluomorphoides latitarsis (Casey, 1913)
Helluomorphoides longicollis (Bates, 1883)
Helluomorphoides mexicanus (Chaudoir, 1872)
Helluomorphoides nigerrimus (Klug, 1834)
Helluomorphoides nigripennis (Dejean, 1831)
Helluomorphoides oculeus (Bates, 1871)
Helluomorphoides papago (Casey, 1913)
Helluomorphoides praeustus (Dejean, 1825)
Helluomorphoides ritae Reichardt, 1974
Helluomorphoides rubricollis (Schaum, 1863)
Helluomorphoides squiresi (Chaudoir, 1872)
Helluomorphoides texanus (Leconte, 1853)
Helluomorphoides unicolor (Brulle, 1834)
References
Anthiinae (beetle)
The Ebo Wildlife Reserve is protected area and proposed national park in Cameroon that covers of lowland and montane forest mosaic with a high proportion of disturbed forest. The critically endangered Preuss's red colobus has been recorded within the confines of the proposed park.
It is situated just 20 km north of the Sanaga River, a biogeographically important barrier to species dispersal. The Ebo Forest Research Station was established in April 2005, and preliminary biological inventories suggest the Ebo Forest
has comparable biodiversity to other centres of endemism in the Cameroon-Nigeria highlands region.
Some of Ebo Forest's unique residents are : Nigeria-Cameroon Chimpanzee, Western Gorilla, Goliath Frog, Forest Elephant, Preuss's Red Colobus Monkey, Drill, Grey-necked Rockfowl, Grey Parrot.
This forest is of great importance for 40 communities of the local population - Banen people, who rely on it for food, medicine and cultural activities.
References
Protected areas of Cameroon
Elections were held in Lambton County, Ontario on October 27, 2014 in conjunction with municipal elections across the province.
Lambton County Council
County council includes the mayors of each constituent municipality, the deputy mayors of Lambton Shores and St. Clair plus four city councillors from Sarnia.
Brooke-Alvinston
Dawn-Euphemia
Enniskillen
Lambton Shores
Oil Springs
Petrolia
Plympton-Wyoming
Point Edward
Sarnia
St. Clair
Warwick
References
Lambton
Lambton County
Alexandru Iulian Zaharia (born 9 March 2000) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Dante Botoșani.
Honours
Dante Botoșani
Liga III: 2021–22
References
External links
Alexandru Iulian Zaharia at lpf.ro
2000 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Iași
Romanian footballers
Association football forwards
Liga I players
FC Politehnica Iași (1945) players
Liga II players
Liga III players
CS Aerostar Bacău players
The Cathedral Basilica of Our Lady of the Rosary (), also called Manizales Cathedral, is a Catholic cathedral, located directly opposite the Plaza de Bolivar (Bolívar Square) in the city of Manizales, Colombia.
Description
With 106 m from the base of the cathedral building, it is the highest cathedral of Colombia from data obtained after the last measurement made in June 2008 where the new cross placed in 1987 are included and the lightning rod. The architectural design was the work of the chief architect of historical monuments in Paris, the Frenchman Julien Polti, and responsible for the construction was the Italian firm Papio Bonarda & Co, formed by Angelo Papio and Gian Carlo Bonarda. It has an area of 2,300 square meters and a capacity of 5,000 people.
It has a majestic canopy (canopy supported by columns) on the main altar, which in Colombia only found two: one in the Cathedral of Manizales and the other in the church of Firavitoba, Boyacá.
See also
Roman Catholicism in Colombia
Our Lady of Rosary
References
Roman Catholic cathedrals in Colombia
Buildings and structures in Manizales
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1939
Basilica churches in Colombia
20th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Colombia
Bas 60 (Flygbassystem 60, Air Base System 60) was an air base system developed and used by the Swedish Air Force during the Cold War. The system was based around defensive force dispersal of aircraft and its supporting ground operations across many krigsflygbaser (wartime air bases) in case of war, primarily as a protective measure against nuclear weapons. The purpose of the system was to make it complicated for an opponent to destroy the Swedish Air Force on the ground and thus ensure endurance for the air force in a conflict scenario. The plan was to disperse the air units so one krigsflygbas would house one squadron (8-12 aircraft). This dispersion principle also applied to the individual wartime bases themselves, meaning that the various functions of an air base were spread over a large area in and around the base.
The system originated from an air force inquiry in 1954 and was formally implemented in the 1958 defence plan. The original plan called for 70 wartime air bases to be built, with 46 of them to be equipped for continuous usage. The number of bases was however reduced with every revision of the plan and about 40 bases ended up being completed.
During peace time the air squadrons were stationed at their respective air wing and deployment to the wartime air bases would only occur when the threat level increased. But many of the air wings also doubled as wartime air bases. The wartime air bases were only manned by a smaller bastropp (base troop) during peace time and the full base battalion would only be manned with a mobilization (except during certain exercises). This was because the majority of the units were made up by conscripts. The base system was therefore never fully active during the time it existed, like the rest of the Swedish Armed Forces during the Cold War.
A wartime air base in the Bas 60 system functioned as ordinarie bas (regular base), shortened as "O-bas" (R-base), for one or more type of aircraft; fighter, attack or reconnaissance. A regular base had the personnel and resources needed for maintaining and repairing the type of aircraft assigned to that base. Some bases also doubled as temporär bas (temporary base), shortened as "T-bas" (T-base), for one or more aircraft types. A temporary base only had capacity to refuel and rearm the type of aircraft it acted as temporary base for. All regular bases acted as temporary bases for fighter aircraft.
Road runways were also built to complement the wartime bases, acting as a backup bases. Civilian airports could also be used as a backup alternative.
The system was further developed into Bas 90 during the 1970s and 1980s.
Base layout
Main runway
The main runway was a typical runway at a length of and wide, with a taxiway running parallel to it. Visual aids for pilots such as runway lights were installed. At the ends of the runway there were raisable and lowerable nets for capturing aircraft that were not able to take off or land properly.
Framom - Fore flight line position
Främre klargöringsområde (framom), fore flight line position, was the flight line position (apron) by the main runway, and was where fighter aircraft were to be prepared for missions and be on standby. A base usually had two framom positions, one located at each end of the main runway. One framom position had space for four aircraft. Attack and reconnaissance aircraft in need of complementary refueling could also be refueled at framom. Fighter aircraft on standby at framom were directly connected to the bases communication net so the pilots could receive orders directly and take off immediately after receiving the order. When no aircraft were at framom, the groundcrew would evacuate the area as a safety measure and return when new aircraft came in.
Bakom - Rear flight line position
Bakre klargöringsområde (bakom), rear flight line position, was the flight line position for attack and reconnaissance aircraft. Bakom was located away from the main airfield and only bases that were regular bases for attack and reconnaissance aircraft had a bakom position. In case a base was a regular base for both attack and reconnaissance there were two separate bakom positions, referred to as bakom-attack (rear-attack) and bakom-spaning (rear-reconnaissance). A bakom position had 10-15 individual aircraft spaces (hardstands) with a distance of between each space, and aircraft currently in bakom were to be separated as much as possible within the available aircraft spaces. This was to reduce the risk of having all aircraft destroyed in a single attack. The aircraft spaces could also be concealed with camouflage nets. Bakom was connected to the main airfield via a taxiway that in many cases was public road integrated into the base infrastructure, and aircraft could either taxi on their own between the sections of the base or be towed by a vehicle.
Uom - Staging area
Uppställningsområdet (uom), staging area, was where aircraft undergoing long-term maintenance, such as repairs, or not being in immediate use were kept. Uom was located away from the main airfield. A uom had field hangars for maintenance work and a site for engine swapping and testing. Just like at bakom the aircraft spaces at uom could be concealed with camouflage nets and was connected with the rest of the base via a taxiway that often was public road. Most of the aircraft groundcrew and their equipment would be positioned at uom.
Road runways and reserve bases
To complement the ordinary Bas 60 bases, reservvägbaser (road runways) were built to act as a backup alternative. Selected sections of public roads that were suitable for the purpose were widened to give enough space for aircraft to take off and land. The typical dimensions for a reservvägbas (road runway) was in length and in width. One or two runway aprons were built near each end of the runway. About 30 road runways were built, primarily in the southern and eastern parts of Sweden. Usage of the road runways were limited by adverse light and weather conditions, which is why they were primarily considered a backup alternative. Utilizing a road runway required relocating units and resources from an ordinary base, and certain field works around the runway were often necessary before it could be used.
Selected civilian airports were later added as additional reserve bases.
Operations
Kommandocentral - Command centre
The air traffic operations on a base were led and organized from a kommandocentral (command centre), abbreviated as KC, located in an underground bunker a few kilometers away from the airfield. A KC was manned by 6-8 people, including the duty officer.
TLF - The traffic leader at the field
Trafikledaren vid fältet (TLF), the traffic leader at the field, was stationed at the main runway and assisted the air traffic operations. In case kommandocentralen was unavailable or stopped functioning the TLF could take over control of air traffic operations. The TLF operated from a special cart that was equipped with base radio, air traffic radio, telephone and controls for runway functions such as lighting.
Stabsplats - Command post
The overarching and long term operations on base were led and organized from a stabsplats (command post). This command post would be located in one or more buildings (often a school) in a nearby town or city. The stabsplats also acted as the camp for many of the base units, including the medical, meteorology and security units.
Basbataljon 60 - Base battalion
One base was operated by a basbataljon 60 (base battalion type 60), with the battalion chief in charge of the overall operations on the base. A fully mobilized battalion consisted of 1200-1500 men, but in peace time a base was normally operated by 2-3 technical officers and 10-15 conscripted flight mechanics. During larger exercises all or part of the full base battalion would be called in.
One base battalion consisted of the following units:
Stabskompani (command company): command and administration of the base.
Stationskompani (station company): aircraft groundcrew and maintenance.
Intendenturkompani (commissariat company): supply and logistics.
Flygfältsarbetskompani (field works company): base infrastructure repair and maintenance.
Skyddskompani (security company): base security, removal of unexploded ordnance and fire fighting.
Sjukvårdspluton (medical platoon): first aid and medical care.
The defense of the base could also be reinforced with infantry and anti-air units from the Swedish Army.
Further development
In the 1970s and 1980s the Bas 60 system was developed into Bas 90 to accommodate new needs and threats.
Today
With the end of the cold war the Bas 60 and Bas 90 system was scrapped, and many of the wartime air bases have been demilitarized and sold to civilian owners.
List of Bas 60 air bases
List of Bas 60 road runways
The Bas 60 road runways are not to be confused with the short runways in the Bas 90 system, which in many cases also were built on public road. The Bas 90 short runways belonged to a larger air base and were therefore not counted as individual bases, unlike the Bas 60 road runways.
References
Books
Web
Swedish Air Force
Military aviation
Cold War
Gordon Livie (10 June 1932 – 2004) was an English professional footballer who played in the Football League for Mansfield Town.
References
1932 births
2004 deaths
English footballers
Association football defenders
English Football League players
Leicester City F.C. players
Mansfield Town F.C. players
Bourne Town F.C. players
Gyula Káté (born February 3, 1982 in Budapest, Hungary) is a Hungarian amateur boxer best known for winning two bronze medals at European Championships and one at the World Championships.
Career
In 2000 they won the World Junior Championships against Boris Georgiev.
At the 2003 World Championships they lost in the semifinal to Mario Kindelan and won lightweight bronze.
In 2004 they won lightweight bronze at the European Championships. At the Olympics they lost their first match against Jong Sub-Baik. At the 2004 World University Boxing Championships they won the 64 kg title, the start of their competing at junior welterweight.
At the 2007 World Championships they beat Myke Carvalho but lost early to Gennadiy Kovalev.
In 2006 they won a bronze medal at the European Amateur Boxing Championships after they were beaten in the semifinals by Russia's Oleg Komissarov.
They qualified for the 2008 Olympics at Light-welterweight by beating Lithuanian boxer Egidijus Kavaliauskas in the semifinal of a European qualifying tournament. At the 2008 Olympics they lost their first bout 5:9 to Irish Johnny Joyce.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics, they lost to Vincenzo Mangiacapre.
References
External links
Olympic qualifier
AIBA results for Olympic qualification.
2000 World Juniors
World 2003
2004 Euro
2006 Euro
Living people
1982 births
Lightweight boxers
Light-welterweight boxers
Boxers at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Boxers at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Boxers at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Olympic boxers of Hungary
Martial artists from Budapest
Hungarian male boxers
AIBA World Boxing Championships medalists
Alajos Dornbach (21 January 1936 – 3 June 2021) was a Hungarian lawyer and politician, member of the National Assembly (MP) from 1990 to 2002. As a politician of the Alliance of Free Democrats (SZDSZ), Dornbach served as one of the deputy speakers of the National Assembly between 1990 and 1994.
They graduated from the Faculty of Law of the Eötvös Loránd University.
Dornbach died on 3 June 2021, at the age of 85.
References
1936 births
2021 deaths
20th-century Hungarian lawyers
Eötvös Loránd University alumni
Alliance of Free Democrats politicians
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (1990–1994)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (1994–1998)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (1998–2002)
People from Ózd
The finals and the qualifying heats of the men's 200 metre breaststroke event at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships were held on Friday 1998-01-16 in Perth, Western Australia.
A Final
B Final
Qualifying heats
Remarks
See also
1996 Men's Olympic Games 200m Breaststroke (Atlanta)
1997 Men's World SC Championships 200m Breaststroke (Gothenburg)
1997 Men's European LC Championships 200m Breaststroke (Seville)
2000 Men's Olympic Games 200m Breaststroke (Sydney)
References
Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships
Azteca crassicornis is a species of ant in the genus Azteca. Described by Emery in 1893, the species is endemic to Brazil.
References
Azteca (genus)
Hymenoptera of South America
Insects described in 1893
Thimlich Ohinga is a complex of stone-built ruins in Migori county, Nyanza Kenya, in East Africa. It is the largest one of 138 sites containing 521 stone structures that were built around the Lake Victoria region in Kenya. These sites are highly clustered. The main enclosure of Thimlich Ohinga has walls that vary from 1 to 3 meters in thickness, and 1 to 4.2 meters in height. The structures were built from undressed blocks, rocks, and stones set in place without mortar. The densely packed stones interlock. The site is believed to be more than 550 years old.
Etymology
Neville Chittick, the former Director of the British Institute of History and Archaeology in East Africa, documented the site in the 1960s. Researchers from the National Museums of Kenya commenced work on the site in 1980. Once called "Liare Valley" after a valley to the north-east of the area, Thimlich Ohinga was gazetted as a Kenyan National Monument under its new name in 1981. The name was changed because "Liare Valley" did not describe the exact location of the site. The area is occupied by the Luo people. Thimlich means "frightening dense forest" and Ohinga means "a large fortress" in Dholuo, the language of the Luo.
Location
Thimlich Ohinga is located 181 kilometres south of Kisumu in Migori county, on a gentle sloping hill 46 kilometres north-west of Migori town near Macalder's Mines. The other 137 sites that resemble it are concentrated in the areas of Karungu, Kadem-Kanyamkago, Gwassi, Kaksingiri Lake headlands, Kanyidoto and Kanyamwa.
Purpose
The scale of Thimlich Ohinga and related structures points to an organised community that could mobilise labour and resources. The readily available rocks from the local environment provided the materials with which the enclosures were constructed. Luo oral traditions state that the enclosures were built for protection against wild animals, cattle rustlers and other hostile groups. These traditions suggest that Thimlich Ohinga was constructed by the then-inhabitants to serve as protection against outsiders in Kadem, Kanyamwa areas, as well as from neighbouring ethnic groups from what is now Tanzania. Aside from being a defensive fort, Thimlich Ohinga was also an economic, religious, and social hub.
Builders and inhabitants
Accurate dating of the site remains inconclusive. Quatz flakes of the late stone age type have been found on the site and presumed to predate it. Some debate exists with regard to the origin and builders of Thimlich Ohinga and the other stone walled settlements. However, given that all current historical, linguistic and genetic evidence indicates that a high degree of population movement and admixture occurred in pre-colonial and colonial times, simple inferences to the ethnic or linguistic identity of the builders of this site are tenuous at best. Archaeological and historical studies have concluded that the original builders and later inhabitants maintained a pastoral tradition where cattle played a key role in the economy. These studies also conclude that sociopolitical organisation also played a crucial role in the establishment of Thimlich Ohinga and other surrounding fortified structures.
The sites were occupied in waves. Oral histories suggest that the earliest inhabitants were a Bantu speaking people prior to the migration of Nilotic speaking groups. Some sources suggest that the proto-Gusii/Kuria or proto-Luhya inhabited the Thimlich Ohinga area. Migrants from Uganda, Rwanda, Sudan, and Burundi are believed to have also made their way through the area, some of whom ended up going south into Tanzania. Archaeological and ethnographic analysis of the sites has shown that the spatial organisation most closely resembles the layout of traditional Luo homesteads. For example, Luo homesteads are circular with a focal meeting point adjacent to a central livestock enclosure, a pattern observable in Thimlich Ohinga. Pottery recovered on the sites also demonstrate specific decorative patterns commonly found among Western Nilotic speakers (Luo) and not among Bantu speakers. These findings suggest that the inhabitants of these structures also contributed to the ancestry of present day inhabitants of the area who identify as members of the Luo community. For reasons yet unknown, Thimlich Ohinga was abandoned by the original builders. Over time, other communities moved into the area in the period between the 15th and the 19th centuries and those who lived within the complexes maintained them by repairing and modifying the structures. The re-occupation and repair did not interfere with the preservation of the structures. The site was vacated for the last time during the first half of the twentieth century as the colonial administration established peace and order in the region. The families living in the enclosures moved out into individual homesteads using euphorbia instead of stone as fencing material. A shift in mindset occurred as the local community moved from a communal living set-up to a more individualistic one.
Architectural style
The architectural style of the Thimlich Ohinga mirrors the building style of Great Zimbabwe, 1,900 miles / 3,600 kilometres to the south in Zimbabwe, albeit smaller in size. One striking difference between the two is unlike Great Zimbabwe, Thimlich Ohinga was constructed using unshaped and random loose stones made from local basalt. At both sites, mortar and dressing were not used and therefore great care and skill was needed to ensure stability. The walls at Thimlich Ohinga are free standing, 1 metre thick with no dug foundation. They range from 0.5 metres to 4.2 metres in height. The ovoid walls intersect with each other in a curved and zigzag fashion, using intermittent buttresses to add to stability. Similar enclosures found in Northern Nyanza have other features such as rock pillars and stone linings. The gates have stone lintels and engraved markings.
Thimlich Ohinga is an example of defensive savanna architecture, which eventually became a traditional style in various parts of East and Southern Africa. Taken together with the other stone built enclosures, Thimlich Ohinga creates the impression of a society with a centralised system of control and communal lifestyle that was spread around the Lake Victoria region. Later forms of this stone-walled architecture can be seen on some traditional houses in Western and South-Western Kenya.
Internal Features
A watchtower constructed from raised rocks is found immediately after the entrance. There are three entrances to the main monument at Thimlich Ohinga with one west facing and two east facing. The structures are partitioned into corridors, several smaller enclosures and depressions. Circular depressions and raised platforms are found where the houses within the enclosures were constructed. The main monument has six house pits and five enclosures within it. The north-eastern side of the main enclosure at Thimlich Ohinga has a recreational games section where a Mancala like board game, locally known as ajua, is curved into the rock surface. Grinding stones for grain are also found at the site. Livestock pens for cattle, sheep, goats, chicken, guinea fowl with retaining walls for gardens were also built. Animal remains on the site include domestic and wild species such as cattle, ovicaprids (sheep and goats), chicken, fish, hartebeest (Kongoni), duiker and hare. The entryways were intentionally constructed as small passageways, so that potential intruders could be quickly subdued by guards stationed on the watchtower near the entrance. The watchtower gives a good view of the whole complex and surrounding area. The enclosures also feature smaller side forts which contained houses, dining areas, animal pens, and granaries.
An iron smith was present at Thimlich Ohinga. Iron slag, smoking bellows and iron objects have been found in a partially walled area next to the main enclosure. Imported glass beads at the site indicate that Thimlich Ohinga was part of a network of long distance trade.
Conservation
The Kenya Wildlife Service, and the National Museums of Kenya have designated Thimlich Ohinga as a conservation site. Wild animals like guinea fowl, various species of monkeys, birds and antelope live in the forests surrounding the site. The National Museums of Kenya submitted a request to UNESCO, on behalf of the government, to include the Thimlich Ohinga Cultural Landscape on the World Heritage Site list. The location became a World Heritage site in 2018.
See also
Similar ruins outside Kenya
Blaauboschkraal stone ruins in Mpumalanga, South Africa
Bumbusi in Zimbabwe
Danangombe in Zimbabwe
Engaruka in Tanzania
Great Zimbabwe in Zimbabwe
Khami in Zimbabwe
Kweneng' Ruins in South Africa
Leopard's Kopje in Zimbabwe
Machadodorp baKoni Ruins in Mpumalanga, South Africa
Manyikeni in Mozambique
Mapungubwe in Limpopo, South Africa
Naletale in Zimbabwe
Ziwa in Zimbabwe
References
External links
Location map
Migori County
Former buildings and structures in Kenya
Ruins
World Heritage Sites in Kenya
Monuments and memorials in Kenya
Archaeological sites in Kenya
Archaeological sites of Eastern Africa
The 1981–82 FIS Ski Jumping World Cup was the third World Cup season in ski jumping. It began in Cortina d'Ampezzo, Italy on 20 December 1981 and finished in Planica, Yugoslavia on 28 March 1982. The individual World Cup was won by Armin Kogler and Nations Cup by Austria.
Map of world cup hosts
All 14 locations which have been hosting world cup events for men this season. Events in St. Nizier were completely canceled.
Four Hills Tournament
Swiss Tournament
World Cup & Nordic World Championships
KOP International Ski Flying Week
Calendar
Men
Standings
Overall
Nations Cup
Four Hills Tournament
References
World cup
World cup
FIS Ski Jumping World Cup
William Stanbery (August 10, 1788 – January 23, 1873) was an American attorney and politician who served as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1827 to 1833.
Early life
Born in Essex County, New Jersey, Stanbery received an academic education and studied law in New York City.
Career
Stanbery was admitted to the bar in New York. It has been stated that they removed to Newark, Ohio in 1809. They were the first attorney to set up a law practice in Newark, where they were one of the old breed of lawyers who "rode the circuit" on horseback. They practiced in the federal courts with such notabables as Henry Clay and Thomas Ewing. They were elected to the Ohio Senate in 1824 and 1825.
U.S. House of Representatives
They were elected a Jacksonian to the United States House of Representatives in 1827 to fill the vacancy caused by the death of William Wilson. They were reelected as a Jacksonian in 1828 and as an Anti-Jacksonian in 1830.
Attack
During their time in Congress, Stanbery was controversial. In April 1832, they made accusations about Sam Houston, who was visiting Washington, D.C. at the time, on the floor of the House. They were attacking President Andrew Jackson through Houston, and accused them of being in league with John Von Fossen and Robert Rose. The three men bid on the supplying of rations to Indians who were being forcibly removed because of Jackson's Indian Removal Act of 1830. Stanbery, now carrying two pistols and a dirk, refused to answer Houston's letters. Infuriated, Houston later confronted them on Pennsylvania Avenue as they left Mrs. Queen's boardinghouse and beat Stanbery with a hickory cane. Stanbery did manage to draw one of their pistols, place it at Houston's chest and pull the trigger, but it misfired.
Congress ordered Houston's arrest on April 17, who then hired Francis Scott Key as their attorney. They pleaded self-defense, but was found guilty in the high-profile trial. However, they were reprimanded lightly, thanks to high-placed friends, among them James K. Polk. Stanbery then filed charges against Houston in civil court. Judge William Cranch found Houston liable and fined them $500, which they never paid, before returning to the Mexican province of Texas.
Censure
On July 11, 1832, Stanbery was censured by the House of Representatives for saying of House Speaker Andrew Stevenson that their eye might be "too frequently turned from the chair you occupy toward the White House."
Later career
Stanbery was defeated for renomination in 1832. Afterwards, they resumed practicing law in Newark, where they died on January 23, 1873. They were interred in Cedar Hill Cemetery in Newark.
Personal life
Stanbery was married to Mary Shipley of New York City on June 14, 1809, in New York City. They had seven children, with all but the first born in Newark, Ohio: James Richmond (1810-1890), born in New York City, was a lawyer who married Eliza Rosalia Scofield (1811-1891); Wellington Washington, M.D. (1812-1888), a physician, who married Rebecca Ann Hendren (1822-1892); William (1816-1896), who married Jerusha Emma Woodbridge (1817-1891); Charlotte (1819-1897), who married Nathan B. Halliday (1812-1855); Frances (c. 1822-1893), who married Robert Impey (1815-1848); Byron (1824-1897), a farmer, who died unmarried; and Mary (1826-1913), who died unmarried.
An error in a newspaper article that appeared in the Newark, Ohio, The Advocate on Sunday, January 20, 1985, erroneously reported that Dr. Edward Stanbery, William's younger half-brother who trained their son Wellington and admitted them to their practice, was an older brother to Wellington. This "fact" has now been widely reported on genealogy websites.
Stanbery's half-brother, Henry Stanbery, served as United States Attorney General under Andrew Johnson and resigned to defend Johnson during their impeachment trial.
See also
List of United States representatives expelled, censured, or reprimanded
References
External links
George Mason University's History News Network
Newspaper Article About Family: Kohser, Nina. "Stanbery family famous in Licking County past." The Advocate (Newark, Ohio). Sunday, Jan. 20, 1985. Page 2D.
Marriage Record: Ancestry.com. New York, U.S., Marriage Newspaper Extracts, 1801-1880 (Barber Collection) [database on-line]. Provo, UT, USA: Ancestry.com Operations Inc, 2005. Original data:Barber, Gertrude A., comp. Marriages taken from the "Brooklyn Eagle." Volumes 1-14. n.p.: n.p., 1963-66. Barber, Gertrude A., comp. Marriages taken from the New York Evening Post. Volumes 1-7. n.p.: n.p., 1933-??. Newspaper: New York Evening Post. Year: 1809: Page: 85. Date of Publication: Monday, October 30, 1809. Date of Marriage: June 14, 1809. "Wm Stanberry to Mary Shipply" [both names misspelled]. By Rev. Mr. Townley.
1788 births
1873 deaths
19th-century American politicians
Burials at Cedar Hill Cemetery, Newark, Ohio
Censured or reprimanded members of the United States House of Representatives
Jacksonian members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
National Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives
Ohio lawyers
Ohio National Republicans
Ohio state senators
People from Essex County, New Jersey
Politicians from Newark, Ohio
Statistics of Bahraini Premier League for the 1987–88 season.
Overview
Muharraq Club won the championship.
References
RSSSF
Bahraini Premier League seasons
Bah
1987–88 in Bahraini football
The Indiana University Health Proton Therapy Center, formerly known as the Midwest Proton Radiotherapy Institute (MPRI), was the first proton facility in the Midwest. The center was located on the Indiana University campus in Bloomington, Indiana, United States. The IU Health Proton Therapy Center was the only proton therapy center in the U.S. to use a uniform-scanning beam for dose delivery, which decreases undesirable neutron dose to patients. The Center opened in 2004, and ceased operations in 2014.
Affiliations
The center was affiliated with the Melvin and Bren Simon Cancer Center and Indiana University Health and was the only U.S. proton therapy center associated with a university-based proton therapy technology research group, IU Cyclotron Operations. The center's pediatric program was affiliated with Riley Hospital for Children.
History
Proton therapy is not experimental and has been used in the United States since 1946. As of 2014 there were only 12 centers in the U.S that provide proton therapy. The scarcity of proton centers was due to the cost of the cyclotron that produces a proton beam. IU Health Proton Therapy Center was able to repurpose the cyclotron located on the Indiana University Cyclotron Facility (IUCF) from a research facility into a proton therapy center.
The Indiana University Cyclotron Facility (IUCF). was a cyclotron located on the Indiana University campus in Bloomington, Indiana, United States. It accelerated protons to an energy of 200 MeV, as well as light ions: deuterium, 3He 4He, 6Li and 7Li. The beam could be polarized and was delivered to experimental halls. The facility was operated between 1976 and 2010.
in 1985 the IUCF was upgraded to operate a cooled beam (Cooler storage ring) able to accelerate protons to 500 MeV.
In 2004, the IUCF was repurposed for medical use and became the Indiana University Health Proton Therapy Center
The proton therapy center and the cyclotron closed operations on December 5, 2014. The decision was made due to a lack of revenue and debt incurred by the center, as well as advances in proton therapy around the country that "now make the equipment and methods at the proton therapy center out of date." The proton center was able to produce spot scanning beams in 2008 and gate to both lung and heart.
Proton therapy
Radiation oncologists have been using proton therapy to treat cancer since the 1950s. Long recognized for their targeting capability, proton beams achieve greater precision than traditional X-rays, while exposing healthy tissue to less radiation. This allows physicians to deliver high doses of radiation even when tumors are close to sensitive organs and tissue. A proton therapy beam's powerful energy is focused directly on a patient's tumor. Once released, the energy stops – there is no exit dose and no additional radiation unlike X-ray beams and gamma knife rays.
References
External links
IU Health Proton Therapy Center
Radiology organizations
Bloomington, Indiana
Healthcare in Indiana
Shore Country Day School is an independent elementary and middle school, founded in 1936 following the tenets of the Country Day School movement. The private school educates students in grade levels ranging from a Pre-Kindergarten program through to Grade 9. It is accredited by the Association of Independent Schools of New England (AISNE) with the most recent accreditation review in 2008. Enrollment averages 435 to 450 students annually.
The school is located on a 17 acre campus in Beverly, Massachusetts with athletic fields, two gyms, a library resource center, and five school buildings.
History
At the heart of Shore's campus is the Winslow Building, which was originally the property of Sidney Winslow, a prominent industrialist associated with founding Beverly's historic United Shoe Machine Corporation. Winslow's mansion housed the former North Shore Country Day school which merged with the Shore School of Beverly Farms in 1936, to form Shore Country Day School. A historical mural was painted in the Library Media Resource Center in the Summer of 2011 which depicts the history of Beverly Massachusetts as it relates to Shore Country Day School. The artists, Joshua Winer and David Fichter, researched notable events in local history and integrated these into a large mural which features 12 prominent individuals.
The school was featured in North Shore magazine's list of the "Leading Private Schools" in the area in 2011/2012.
Facilities
The school features an "Inspiration Garden" which was dedicated in 2010 and designed by Julie Moir Messervey.
Mascot
Shore Country Day School has a beaver mascot, and the logo features the beaver under a tree.
Motto
Suum Quisque Optimum From Each His/Her Best
References
External links
Schools in Beverly, Massachusetts
Open All Night is the tenth solo studio album by the British singer/songwriter Marc Almond. It was released by Blue Star Music in March 1999.
Background
Following the moderate success of Fantastic Star Almond left their record label and released Open All Night on Blue Star Music, an independent label they founded for the purpose. The album features collaborations with Siouxsie Sioux and Budgie (from The Creatures) on the track "Threat of Love" and with Kelli Ali, who was at that time the lead vocalist of the band Sneaker Pimps, on the track "Almost Diamonds". "Tragedy", "Black Kiss" and "My Love" were released as singles, but they did not chart.
The American release of the album came with the bonus track "Beautiful Losers".
Critical reception
The NME describe the songs on Open All Night as inhabiting "an evocative Brel-meets-Barry landscape" with a "midnight blue melancholy". Touching on similar themes the review from Hot Press describes Open All Night's "lush decadence and tragic dissolution". Elsewhere, reviewer Keith Phipps in their review for The A.V. Club magazine states that "Almond's songs have a creepy, dark quality" on this album.
Track listing
"Night & Dark" (Marc Almond, Neal Whitmore) – 6:10
"Bedroom Shrine" (Almond, Oskar Paul) – 4:32
"Tragedy (Take a Look and See)" (Almond, Whitmore) – 5:01
"Black Kiss" (Almond, Whitmore) – 3:35
"Almost Diamonds" (Almond, Whitmore, Kelli Ali) – 5:16
Guest Appearance Kelli Ali
"Scarlet Bedroom" (Almond, John Green) – 3:06
"My Love" (Almond, Whitmore) – 3:45
"Heart in Velvet" (Almond, Whitmore) – 4:14
"Open All Night" (Almond, Whitmore) – 5:20
"Threat of Love" (Almond, Whitmore) – 4:41
Guest Appearance: The Creatures (Siouxsie Sioux and Budgie)
"Bad People Kiss" (Almond, Douglass) – 3:34
"Sleepwalker" (Almond, Whitmore) – 4:19
"Midnight Soul" (Almond) – 3:51
Bonus track (in the USA)
"Beautiful Losers" (Almond) – 4:57
Personnel
Marc Almond – vocals and vocal arrangements
Neal X – guitar, effects, additional programming and assistant production
Glen Scott – Hammond organ, Wurlitzer, piano and keyboards
John Green – extra keyboards, string keyboards, pre-production and demo programming
Rick May – bass and double bass
Bill Miskimmin – harmonica
Oliver Langford – violin
Vladimir Asriev – violin
Igor Outkine – accordion
Elliott Douglass – piano
Henrique da Silva – macumba voice
Jorge Batista – congas, bongos, Brazilian percussion and Orisha chant
Esteve Dasilva – Brazilian percussion
Hossam Ramzy – Egyptian percussion
Tim Sanders – tenor saxophone
Roddy Lorimer – trumpet
Simon Clarke – alto saxophone
Rebecca S Doe – string arrangement
Oliver Kraus – cello
Lucy Wilkins – violin
Sophie Sirota – viola
Ann-Marie Gilkes – backing vocals
Angela Morel – backing vocals
M Stewart – backing vocals
Richard Wayler – backing vocals
References
1999 albums
Marc Almond albums
Édouard Martin (born 22 September 1889, date of death unknown) was a French wrestler. They competed in the light heavyweight event at the 1912 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1889 births
Year of death missing
Olympic wrestlers of France
Wrestlers at the 1912 Summer Olympics
French male sport wrestlers
Sportspeople from Paris
Eight Legs are an indie pop punk band from Stratford-upon-Avon. They formed in 2007 when band members Sam Jolly, Jack Wharton, Adam Neal and Jack Garside were just 18/19 years old.
Eight Legs' first self-titled EP was released in 2006 by Blow Up Records.
Their first album Searching For The Life was released on 7 April 2008 by Weekender Records. On 22 May 2009, Eight Legs released their second album entitled The Electric Kool-Aid Cuckoo Nest by Ais, Snowhite, and Universal Distribution. Eight Legs also released a third album called Eight Legs on 25 October 2010 by Invisible DJ Records.
Their single, "These Grey Days", was chosen by Hedi Slimane, to be on the original soundtrack of Autumn Winter 2006 Dior Homme Runway fashion show.
They were featured in popular music magazine NME in 2007.
Their single "These Grey Days" featured on the NHS 'Alcohol: Know Your Limits' public information film in 2008.
References
External links
Eight Legs official website
Eight Legs' MySpace Page
Band of the Week: Eight Legs - Spinner
English pop punk groups
Peplometus oyo is a species of jumping spider in the genus Peplometus that lives in Nigeria. It was first described in 2011 and placed in the genus Pachyballus but was transferred to Peplometus in 2020.
References
Salticidae
Endemic fauna of Nigeria
Spiders of Africa
Spiders described in 2011
Taxa named by Wanda Wesołowska
İskenderpaşazade Hürrem Pasha (died 28 August 1526), known in Arabic as Khurram ibn Iskandar Pasha, was an Ottoman statesman who served as beylerbey (governor-general) of Damascus Eyalet in 1523–1524 and afterward as beylerbey of Karaman Eyalet. They were killed in office during a battle to route rebel tribesmen in the province. Their brother-in-law, Grand Vizier Ibrahim Pasha, erected a tomb for them the mausoleum complex of Rumi in Konya.
Life
Hürrem was one of at least two sons of the veteran Ottoman statesman and commander Skender Pasha, the other being Mustafa Pasha. They were the brother-in-law of Sultan Suleiman's grand vizier Ibrahim Pasha, who was once a slave of Skender Pasha's family and married Hürrem's sister Mihrisa Hatun.
Hürrem was appointed the beylerbey (governor-general) of Damascus Eyalet in 1523. They led a punitive expedition against the Druze of the Chouf subdistrict in Mount Lebanon led by the Ma'n family on 27 October 1523. The expedition ended with their burning of forty-three villages and the killing of at least four hundred Druzes. They launched a second expedition in 1524 when their subashis (superintendents) were killed by the Druze. In the second campaign, thirty villages were burned, at least three hundred Druzes were killed and three hundred Druze women and children were taken captive. Their campaigns were celebrated by the Sunni Muslim scholars and poets of Damascus.
Hürrem was later appointed beylerbey of the Kayseri-based Karaman Eyalet in Anatolia. They were killed in the plain of Kayseri on 28 August 1526 attempting to suppress rebellious Turkmen tribes, who had launched a revolt in Anatolia that year. Hürrem's troops consequently fled and the rebels captured the horses, weapons and treasure of Hürrem's camp. On their way to join the kizilbas rebels in Azerbaijan, they were routed and massacred in Diyarbakir by Ottoman troops led by Hüsrev Pasha, the beylerbey of Aleppo Eyalet.
Death and tomb
Hürrem was buried in Konya. Ibrahim Pasha erected a mausoleum for them in the mausoleum complex of Rumi, known as the Mevlana Museum. The domed tomb, which has an octagonal plan in the classic Ottoman style, is on the east side of the kitchen. Inside the tomb is Hürrem's marble tombstone, alongside the marble tombstone of Haci Bey, an Ottoman statesman who served during Suleiman's reign.
References
Bibliography
1526 deaths
16th-century people of the Ottoman Empire
Ottoman governors of Damascus
Ottoman military personnel killed in action
Bettye Frink (born February 19, 1933) is a politician from Alabama. They served as State Auditor from 1963 to 1967 and 1975 to 1983. They also served as Secretary of State of Alabama from 1959 to 1963.
From 1955 through 1957 Mrs. Frink was employed by the U.S. Treasury Dispersing Office and the Internal Revenue Service. Mrs. Frink was chosen to the first elected State Board of Education and served until 1975. In 1960 they were a delegate, state-at-large to the Democratic National Convention.
Frink is married to William David Frink and they have four children.
References
1933 births
Living people
Alabama Democrats
Secretaries of State of Alabama
State Auditors of Alabama
Women state constitutional officers of Alabama
20th-century American politicians
20th-century American women politicians
21st-century American women
July 7 International Airport ( – Ferūdgāh bīn Almalī Haft va Tīr) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District, Fashapuyeh District, Ray County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 178, in 51 families. The village is adjacent to Imam Khomeini International Airport.
References
Populated places in Ray County, Iran
Oro or ORO, meaning gold in Spanish and Italian, may refer to:
Music and dance
Oro (dance), a Balkan circle dance
Oro (eagle dance), an eagle dance from Montenegro and Herzegovina
"Oro" (song), the Serbian entry in the 2008 Eurovision Song Contest
ORO, an album by Ufomammut
Óró – A Live Session, an album by Máire Brennan
Oro: Grandes Éxitos, an album by ABBA
Oro album, an RIAA certification for Spanish-language albums
Places
Oro, Estonia, a village
Orø, an island in Denmark
Örö, a Finnish island northeast of Oskarshamn, Sweden
4733 ORO, a main-belt asteroid
Oro City, Colorado, US, a ghost town
Oro County, Kansas Territory, a US county from 1859 to 1861
Oro Moraine, Ontario, Canada, a glacial moraine
Oro Province, Papua New Guinea
Oro Bay
Oro-Medonte or Oro, Ontario, Canada, a township
Yonggwang County or Oro, North Korea
Oro concentration camp, a North Korean concentration camp for political prisoners
Sports
CD Oro, a football club in Jalisco, Mexico
Oro F.C., a semi-professional association football team from Papua New Guinea
Other uses
Oro
Oro (beverage), a Peruvian soft drink
Oro (grape) or garganega, an Italian wine grape
Oro (Street Fighter), a video game character in Street Fighter III
'Oro, a god in Polynesian mythology
Oro, a type of tequila
Oak Ridge Observatory or ORO, an observatory in Harvard, Massachusetts, United States
Oro languages
Orokolo language, by ISO 639-3 code
See also
El Oro (disambiguation)
The white-bellied spinetail (Mazaria propinqua) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is found in river islands of the western Amazon Basin. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist shrubland.
This species was originally placed in the genus Synallaxis but when molecular phylogenetic studies found that it was not closely related to the other members of the genus it was moved to its own monotypic genus Mazaria.
References
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Ecuadorian Amazon
Birds of the Peruvian Amazon
white-bellied spinetail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Thiruthuraipoondi Radhakrishnan Sivasankaran (T. R. Pappa) (3 July 1922 – 15 October 2004) was an Indian music director of Tamil, Telugu and Sinhalese films. They were born in 1923 at Thiruthuraipoondi, Madras Presidency, British India.
Early life
Papa's real name is Sivasankaran, who is from a lineage of musical family. They started training on the violin from early childhood. Their father had inability to pay tuition fees their education was stopped in middle. They were trained by Siva Vadivelu Pillai who joined in National movie tone cinema company, as fiddle player to some movies Seemanthini 1936 Parvathi Kalyanam 1936 and this life of carrying instruments ended in 1938.
After they joined as a helper to S.G. Kasi Iyer, elder brother of great Kittappa. In 1941 most of the citizens was flying to other towns due to fear of Japanese Bombing Jupiter Pictures was shifted to Coimbatore, M.S.Viswanathan went with S.V.Venkatraman who is famous music director on those days. Kalki's daughter Ananthi, Sadasivam's daughter Radha were dancers, jointly made dance Programmes, M.S.Viswanathan as Playback Singer along with Papa Violin.
Career
Papa started playing the violin in Manonmani Modern Theatres and Kannagi, Kubera Kusela, and Maha Maya Jupiter Pictures. In the late 40s, Papa and T. K. Ramamoorthy were the highest paid violinists for the movies and were always in demand.
Papa became music director for Malayalam film Athmasanthi (1952). The chance was given to them by Joseph Thaliyath Jr of Citadel Film Corporation. This film is dubbed in Tamil under the same title.
Then onwards, Papa went on to compose for many of Citadel films such as Mallika, Vijayapuri Veeran, Vilakketriyaval, Iravum Pagalum and Kadhal Paduthum Paadu.
Papa also composed music for many Sinhalese films. The song Siriyame Sara, sung by H. R. Jothipala is one of the popular hits in Sinhalese.
They worked with singers like T. M. Soundararajan, A. M. Rajah, Seerkazhi Govindarajan, Thiruchi Loganathan, C. S. Jayaraman, S. C. Krishnan, A. L. Raghavan, M. L. Vasanthakumari, P. Leela, Jikki, T. V. Rathnam, A. P. Komala, P.B.Srinivos, K. Jamuna Rani, P. Suseela, A. G. Rathnamala, T. S. Bagavathi, Soolamangalam Rajalakshmi, A. Nithyakala, S. Janaki, L. R. Eswari, S. P. Balasubrahmaniam, B. S. Sasirekha, S. P. Sailaja.
The singing actors K. R. Ramasamy, T. R. Rajakumari, P. Bhanumathi, N. S. Krishnan, T. A. Madhuram and J. P. Chandrababu also sang memorable songs under their compositions.
As a Nilaya Vidwan of AIR from 1946, Papa accompanied the violin for many great classical vocalists. They composed music for many wonderful devotional albums with Seerkazhi Govindarajan where the song Chinnanjiru Penn Pole dedicated to the Goddess Abirami is notable. Papa scored music for the album Abirami Andhaadhi. Papa has served as the Principal of Madras Music College.
T. R. Ramanna and Papa were classmates in Thanjavur. T. R. Ramanna was in the midst of the making of Arunagirinathar when the music director G. Ramanathan fell ill. Papa was called upon to complete the rest of the songs. T. R. Ramana again engaged Papa for their movies in the early 1970s.
Tamil Isai Sangam conferred the title Isai Perarignar (Great Scholar of Music) on him.
Works
Some of the notable music compositions:
Enna Enna Inbame for Anbu by A. M. Rajah and Jikki
Samarasam Ulaavum Idame for Rambaiyin Kaadhal by Seerkazhi Govindarajan
Bagavane Mounam Eno for Rambaiyin Kaadhal by Seerkazhi Govindarajan
Varuven Naan Unadhu for Mallika by A. M. Rajah and P. Suseela
Chinnanjiru Vayathu Mudhal for Thaai Magalukku Kattiya Thaali by T. M. Soundararajan and Jikki
Yaar Solluvaar Nilave for Kuravanji by C. S. Jayaraman
Sirikkindraal Indru Sirikkindraal for Nallavan Vazhvan by Sirkazhi Govindarajan and P. Suseela
Ullam Thedaathe Endru Solluthe for Ethaiyum Thangum Idhayam by K. R. Ramasamy and S. Janaki
Unakkum Enakkum Veguthooram Illai for Ethaiyum Thangum Idhayam by Soolamangalam Rajalakshmi
Muththaitharu Paththithala for Arunagirinathar by T. M. Soundararajan
Onnume puriyale ulagathile for Kumara Raja by J. P. Chandrababu
Ullathin Kadhavugal Kanngalada for Iravum Pagalum by T. M. Soundararajan
Muththama Asai Muththama for Vilakketriyaval by P. Suseela
Asai Ponggum Azhagu Roobam for Asai by A. M. Rajah and Jikki
Soodi Koduthaval Naan Thozhi for Teacheramma by P. Suseela
Thalai Vaari poochoodi Unnai for Rangoon Radha by P. Bhanumathi
Iraivan Endroru Kavignan for Yen by S. P. Balasubrahmaniam
Ullathile Uram Vendumada for Vijayapuri Veeran by A. M. Rajah
Vennila Nerathile Venugaanam for Avasara Kalyanam by P. Suseela
Filmography
References
External links
Myriad Music Composers of the Last Century in My Movie Minutes
Tamil film score composers
Tamil musicians
1922 births
2004 deaths
People from Tiruvarur district
20th-century Indian composers
Indian male film score composers
20th-century male musicians
Hrib pri Rožnem Dolu (; ) is a small settlement in the hills west of Rožni Dol in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.
Name
The name Hrib pri Rožnem Dolu means 'Hrib near Rožni Dol', distinguishing it from other settlements named Hrib. The name Hrib (from the common noun hrib 'hill') is common in Slovenia, referring to the local geography.
References
External links
Hrib pri Rožnem Dolu at Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Semič
Lăpușna County was a county (Romanian: județ) in Moldova from 1998 to 2003, with the seat at Hîncești. It bordered the counties of Ungheni, Chișinău County, Tighina, and Cahul, the autonomous region of Gagauzia in Moldova, Ukraine (on the southeast), and România (on the west).
Geography
In the county were 149 localities of which five were cities: Basarabeasca, Cimișlia, Iargara, Hîncești, and Leova.
References
Counties of Moldova, Statoids.com
Counties of Moldova
Counties of Bessarabia
1998 establishments in Moldova
2003 disestablishments in Moldova
States and territories established in 1998
States and territories disestablished in 2003
Azerbaijan Tourism Association (Azerbaijani: Azərbaycan Turizm Assosiasiyası), or AzTA, is one of the tourism organizations in Azerbaijan. The main goal of AzTA is to amalgamate and manage nearly all tourism companies in the country.
Activity
AzTA was founded in 2009 with the help of the Ministry of Culture and Tourism of Azerbaijan. Association incorporates 242 travel agencies and 110 hotels.
In 2017, AZAL and AzTA signed the agreement on cooperation. According to the agreement, AZAL became a board member of Azerbaijan Tourism Association.
The Chairman of AzTA is Ahmed Gurbanov.
The Azerbaijan Tourism Association has a committee on inbound tourism, a committee on outbound tourism and a committee on transport issues. Heads of committees are appointed for one year.
At the initiative of the AzTA, the concept "Prospects for the development of domestic tourism in Azerbaijan until 2025" was prepared.
International cooperation
AzTA is one of the members of the World Tourism Organization since 2011.
In 2011, the Ministry of Culture and Tourism of Azerbaijan and AzTA signed an agreement on cooperation with the Dubai-based company Atlantis Holidays.
During the 57th Meeting of UNWTO's Regional Commission for Europe in April, 2014 which was held in Baku, the headship of AzTA signed the Private Sector Commitment to the Global Code of Ethics for Tourism.
In 2018, a Memorandum of cooperation was signed between Azerbaijan Tourism Association and the Travel Agents Association of India (TAAI)
In the same year, a partnership memorandum for two years between AZTA and Malaysian Association of Tour and Travel Agents (MATTA) was signed.
In 2019, a Memorandum of cooperation between AzTA and State Committee of Uzbekistan for Tourism Development was signed.
In 2019, AzTA signed agreements on cooperation with Les Roches International School of Hotel Management and Glion Institute of Higher Education.
Besides five new offices opened in 2020, it's planned to open offices in 25 countries around the world.
On the initiative of AzTA and with the support of tourism enterprises of Turkey, it was decided to set up the Tourism Organization of Turkic-Speaking States in 2020. The main purpose of the organization is to contribute to the development of the tourism sector in Turkic-speaking countries.
In 2020 AZTA was joined by approximately 27 tourism agencies.
There are multiple meetings with private sector leaders and tourism agencies held every year.
See also
Tourism in Azerbaijan
References
Tourism agencies
2009 establishments in Azerbaijan
Tourism in Azerbaijan
The Hovdeknattane Rocks () are rocky crags projecting from the southwestern part of Hovdebrekka Slope, just north of Skeidshovden Mountain in the Wohlthat Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica. They were mapped by Norwegian cartographers from surveys and air photos by the Sixth Norwegian Antarctic Expedition (1956–60) and named Hovdeknattane (the knoll rocks).
References
Cliffs of Queen Maud Land
Princess Astrid Coast
Pablo Sánchez López (born February 9, 1990 in Mexico City) is a Mexican racing driver. They competed in the 2009 Italian Formula Three season in which they finished third and won four races. This earned them a drive, along with the two drivers who finished ahead of them in the standings, in a Formula One Ferrari at the December 2009 young driver test at Jerez. López has also competed in such series as International Formula Master in which they finished third in 2007, taking two race victories.
Racing record
Complete Formula Renault 3.5 Series results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
Complete GP3 Series results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
References
External links
Career statistics from Driver Database
1990 births
Living people
Racing drivers from Mexico City
Mexican racing drivers
Italian Formula Renault 2.0 drivers
Formula Renault Eurocup drivers
Italian Formula Three Championship drivers
International Formula Master drivers
GP3 Series drivers from Mexico
World Series Formula V8 3.5 drivers
BVM Racing drivers
Cram Competition drivers
Oleh Morhun (; born 10 January 1965) is a former Soviet and Ukrainian footballer and Ukrainian football manager.
External links
1965 births
Living people
Footballers from Zaporizhzhia
Soviet footballers
Ukrainian footballers
Association football goalkeepers
SC Tavriya Simferopol players
FC FShM Torpedo Moscow players
PFC CSKA Moscow players
FC CSKA-2 Moscow players
SC Odessa players
FC Shakhtar Donetsk players
FC Vorskla Poltava players
FC Etar Veliko Tarnovo players
PFC Levski Sofia players
FC Vorskla-2 Poltava players
Ukrainian Premier League players
FC Vorskla-2 Poltava managers
FC Vorskla Poltava managers
Expatriate footballers in Bulgaria
Ukrainian expatriate footballers
Ukrainian football managers
A non-dim circuit is a special electrical network. In theater, it is a type of outlet usually controlled from the stage manager's panel or from the Lighting control console . The word non-dim is used to distinguish this type of circuit which operates only in on or off modes, from a dimmer, which can be at any intensity on a continuum. It is generally a remotely operated relay.
Many modern computerized lighting systems allow a dimmer to be set as "non-dim" and controlled using the Lighting control console, however, this can be less desirable than using a "true" switched circuit, as the Triac in the dimmer never truly supplies a "proper" sine wave, which can cause damage to equipment.
Non-Dims are often used to allow switched equipment such as motors, hazers or other similar electrical equipment to be triggered as part of a lighting cue. Sometimes housework lights or stage work lights can be controlled using a non-dimmed circuit. It is also sometimes used to provide power to intelligent lights, however this may not be considered desirable as any mistakes made at the Lighting control console could interrupt the power supply to the fixture which often are not capable of hot restrike (turning on the lamp again while power is still connected) due to their use of a Metal halide lamp or similar lamp.
The term "non-dim" has come to refer to any circuit, outlet, relay or otherwise that 1) cannot be controlled by a Lighting control console or 2) is a circuit controlled by the Lighting control console but has been set up not to dim.
Stage lighting
Wajay is a ward (consejo popular, "people's council") of the city of Havana, the capital of Cuba, belonging to the municipal borough of Boyeros. In 2011, it had a population of 47,954.
History
Its origins go back to the period bequeathed by the aborigines of the Cacique Habaguanex region, when the Indians who populated the island nicknamed the humid lands full of large trees, streams and gaps with the expressions: Guajay> Yubajay> Jubajay, territories that will form part after Havana.
This first settlement developed as a result of agrarian and peasant growth in a extensive wetland. In the first moments of the Spanish colonization it was granted the property to Martín Recio de Oquendo on June 29, 1575, which was henceforth the corral of "Sacalohondo".
In 1688, Diego Avelino de Compostela founded the "curatos del campo" and the parishes of Santiago el Mayor and Lady of Candelaria. Its initial writing with letter -w- is not defined until year 1762, when the taking of Havana by the English -June 6- and the influence becoming of the Anglo-Saxon language marks its new and later name "Wajay".
Starting in 1764, the church of the village was completed on the land Don Dionisio de Berroa, a relative of Don Esteban, who had left the lands of the “Sacalohondo” corral to their children. Times when the "town" had: 49 guano houses, 20 built of bricks and stones, clay and tiles; some tobacco shops, a store and a bakery distributed in three streets with ditches in which riveruelas ran that ended in small spillways.
Its international renown is felt when the famous German naturalist Alexander von Humboldt, (1767-1835) researcher who studied the climate in "the Indies" -Cuba- and the marine currents of Peru or the Humboldt Current, cited in their studies to the climate of Havana !, in which they placed the Wajay: “5 maritime leagues from the city, on the plain that was 28 toises above sea level, the partial average temperature in December 1795 was 18.8 degrees and in 1800 it ranged between 13.8 and 18.9 ”.
In 1860, the neighborhood already had a primary school, a sugar mill, two roof tiles, 4 coffee plantations, 12 quarries, 16 pastures and 116 work sites where different crops were harvested, among which stood out: legumes, coffee, chayotes, yucca and island taro.
The Havana City Council, the founding of Marianao as an independent municipality, dates back to 1878, although since 1870 the demands to obtain said proclamation were raised to the Governor General of the Island. This was achieved after the end of the Ten Years War when several municipalities emerged under the protection of the new Municipal Law.
Neocolonial Republic
At the beginning of the 20th century, (1902) Neocolonial Republic, the Wajay became part of the political-administrative jurisdiction of the Municipality of Marianao. The conflicts of the Estrada Palma government produce the first clash between the natives of the town of what was later, the civil war, according to Enrique Loynaz del Castillo, a patriot who led the fighting of: Babiney-Colorado and the Wajay on 14 September 1906. Event in which the town gates felt the rifle butt, and the houses were taken by the guard, the blood ran, a child died and General Loynaz del Castillo was wounded with a machete blow to the head.
The Spanish Guard Barracks, current Paquito Gonzáles School, formerly the town's Basic High School, was inaugurated on September 26, 1942, an installation that was also the town's first Public Primary School No. 29, named “Elisa Godinez de Batista”. A lady who encouraged the construction of the recreation work -Parque de Wajay- at its doors (1943), a space in which the traditional "Coffee Party" is celebrated today. In 1943 it had a population of 4,535, that grew in the last decades of the 20th century.
Coffee party
After the triumph of the Revolution, the town became a section of the Boyeros region. In the 1960s some 100 million coffee bushes were planted throughout the area. Stage in which the plantation of the grain was generalized, building facilities for pulping, drying coffee. Program that compromised the agricultural extension of the entire region that surrounded Havana.
Cradle of coffee in Cuba whose tradition is celebrated every year with the name of Fiesta del Café, one of the oldest traditions of the Capital, a great carnival with parades of floats and comparsas as well as the traditional Colada de Café Gigante colada that starts the festivities every November.
In the last presentation Casa de la Cultura Wajay (2013) the first historian of the town Gerardo Gandarilla Gómez (deceased) stated: “It has been confirmed that Don José Gelabert, introduced in the country some seeds of the grain from the coffee plantations of Haiti, in 1748, appearing the farm "Las Columnas", the main entrance to the town (east highway) as the "First coffee plantation in Cuba". This leaves without effect the generalized in popular memory as the "La Aurora" coffee plantation located in an old house located on the Morales farm, south highway of the town of Murgas, Santa Cecilia.
Geography
Located in the south-western suburb of Havana, Wajay borders with the municipal boroughs of Marianao and La Lisa, and with the municipality of Bauta, in Artemisa Province.
The ward is divided into the quarters (repartos) of Wajay (centre), Abel Santamaría, Fontanar, El Chico, El Morado, INVAF and Santa Cecilia.
Transport
Located north to José Martí International Airport, Wajay is crossed by a branch of the A2 motorway linking it (the airport) to the city centre. It is served by 5 stations (Fontanar, Mazorra, Abel Santamaría, Wajay and Murgas) of the Havana Suburban Railway.
Personalities
Jorge Perugorría (b. 1965), actor
Gerardo Gandarilla Gómez (2 de julio 1926), historiador de Wajay.
See also
Havana Psychiatric Hospital (Mazorra)
University of Information Science
References
Gerardo Gandarilla Gómez, Apuntes del primer historiador de Wajay.
2. Gerardo Gandarilla Gómez, Historia del Wajay (Etapa Colonial).
3. Gerardo Gandarilla Gómez, Historia del Wajay (Etapa Neocolonial).
Gerardo Gandarilla Gómez, Fincas de Wajay.
Gerardo Gandarilla Gómez, Repartos de Wajay
7. Onelio García Pérez, El primer cafetal de Cuba. (PDF)
Onelio García Pérez, Colaboración artículo "De Sacalohondo al Wajay" -2011-
Casa de la Cultura Wajay
External links
Wajay on maplandia.com
Wajay on localidades.org
Wards of Havana
Ypsilanti is a census-designated place and unincorporated community in Stutsman County, North Dakota, United States, and the primary populated place in Ypsilanti Township. A portion of the townsite is located in Corwin Township. Its population was 109 as of the 2020 census.
Demographics
History
In 1879, the U.S. Government gave 621 acres of land to the Northern Pacific Railway, and part of this became Ypsilanti Township and the townsite of Ypsilanti.
The townsite of Ypsilanti was platted by William Hartley Colby and a partner by the name of Lloyd DePuy. W.H. Colby had come from Ypsilanti, Michigan, so they named the new townsite after the Michigan city by that name.
The Ypsilanti Post Office was first established in the Theodore Doughty home, one-half mile north of Ypsilanti, which also served as the Ypsilanti stage coach stop. In 1882, the post office was moved to Ypsilanti proper. At one point, date uncertain, the post office was moved to the Spaulding Store, where it remained until 1921, when it was moved to the Lee Ferguson Store. In June 1953, an addition was built onto the Heffernan house, which served as the post office until September 1, 1967, at which time a stand-alone post office was constructed.
The dam at Ypsilanti Park was constructed in 1931 and 1932, as a W.P.A. Project. Shortly afterward, the park was built alongside the dam. Ed Whitney donated the land where the park is located, while the original park equipment was contributed by Ypsilanti businesses and organizations, and James Crouch built the first two fireplaces at the park. The chief organizers of the park construction were Stan Nicholls, Bob Kotts, and a man named Glaspell.
Climate
This climatic region is typified by large seasonal temperature differences, with warm to hot (and often humid) summers and cold (sometimes severely cold) winters. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Ypsilanti has a humid continental climate, abbreviated "Dfb" on climate maps.
References
External links
Ypsilanti, North Dakota 58497
Ypsilanti Schools
Ypsilanti and community, 1976 from the Digital Horizons website
Census-designated places in Stutsman County, North Dakota
Census-designated places in North Dakota
Unincorporated communities in North Dakota
Unincorporated communities in Stutsman County, North Dakota
John Barnes Nicholson (1840 – 17 February 1919) was an English-born Australian politician.
They were born at Biglands in Cumbria to farmer John Nicholson and Mary Lightfoot. They worked as a coalminer from a young age, travelling widely to Vancouver and California before settling in New South Wales in 1882. They mined at Newcastle and then at Bulli, and was a local secretary of the Miners' Union. In February 1891 they married Ellen Brodie in Sydney; they had four children.
A foundation member of the Labour Party, they were one of the first group of Labour MLAs when they were elected to the New South Wales Legislative Assembly for Illawarra in 1891. They refused to take the pledge in 1893 and was elected to Woronora as an independent Labor member in 1894. They were a Free Trader briefly around 1898, but in 1904 rejoined the Labor Party. They transferred to the seat of Wollongong in 1904 and held it until 1917, when they were defeated after defecting to the Nationalist Party in the 1916 conscription split. Nicholson died in Woonona in 1919.
References
1840 births
1919 deaths
Free Trade Party politicians
Nationalist Party of Australia members of the Parliament of New South Wales
Independent members of the Parliament of New South Wales
Members of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly
Australian Labor Party members of the Parliament of New South Wales
English emigrants to colonial Australia
The men's 400 metres hurdles event at the 1994 Commonwealth Games was held on 25 and 26 August at the Centennial Stadium in Victoria, British Columbia.
Medalists
Results
Heats
Final
References
400
1994
2010 Sagan Tosu season
Competitions
Player statistics
Other pages
J. League official site
Sagan Tosu
Sagan Tosu seasons
"Survival" is a song by Canadian rapper Drake from their album, Scorpion (2018), the song has reached the top 20 in Canada, Portugal, and the United States.
Composition
"Survival" is a hip hop song that contains samples from Claude Larson's song "Telex" (1980).
Commercial performance
North America
On July 14, 2018, "Survival" entered the Billboard Canadian Hot 100 chart at number 18 on and remained in the top 100 until July 28, 2018. The song spent two weeks on the US Billboard Hot 100, entering the chart at number 17, its immediate peak, on July 14, 2018.
Internationally
The song has peaked in the top 40 in Greece, the Netherlands, Portugal and has charted on the charts of Austria, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Italy, Slovakia, and Sweden.
Charts
References
2018 songs
Drake (musician) songs
Songs written by Drake (musician)
Songs written by 40 (record producer)
Songs written by No I.D.
Helluodema is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae, containing the following species:
Helluodema brunneum Sloane, 1917
Helluodema unicolor (Hope, 1842)
References
Anthiinae (beetle)
Mariadöttrarna av den Evangeliska Mariavägen (Daughters of Mary of the Evangelical Way of Mary) is a Lutheran religious order for women in the Church of Sweden, with chapters also in Kruså in Denmark and in Naantali in Finland.
The order was founded by Paulina Mariadotter (Gunvor Paulina Norrman 1903–1985) in the middle of the 20th century. Swedish communities of the order live in Vallby near Enköping and in Malmö.
Sisters wear blue habit and make wows of poverty, chastity and obedience. One branch of the order, the community in Vadstena, has adopted the rule of St Benedict and since 1988 belonged to the Roman Catholic Church.
External links
Official website
Church of Sweden
Lutheran orders and societies
Germain Sée (February 6, 1818 – May 12, 1896) was a French clinician who was a native of Ribeauvillé, Haut-Rhin.
They studied medicine in Paris, obtaining their doctorate in 1846 with a dissertation on ergotism ("Recherches sur les propriétés du seigle ergoté et de ses principes constituants"). In 1852 they became a physician of hospitals in Paris, and subsequently worked at La Rochefoucauld (from 1857), Beaujon (from 1861), Pitié (from 1862) and Charité (from 1868) hospitals. In 1866 they succeeded Armand Trousseau as chair of therapeutics at the Faculty of Medicine in Paris, and in 1876 attained the chair of clinical medicine at the Hôtel-Dieu de Paris.
Sée specialized in the study of lung and cardiovascular diseases. They also made contributions in their research of chorea and its association with rheumatic disorders. They conducted extensive studies of various drugs, being an advocate of antipyrine as a general analgesic, and sodium salicylate for treatment of acute rheumatism.
Among their writings were the multi-volume "Médecine clinique", a work that they co-authored with Frédéric Labadie-Lagrave, and "Leçons de pathologie expérimentale", a book on experimental pathology that was edited by Maurice Raynaud. Theirs "Des maladies spécifiques, non tuberculeuses, du poumon" was later translated into English and published with the title "Diseases of the lungs (of a specific not tuberculous nature)" (1885).
In 1869 they became a member of the Académie de Médecine.
References
Historia de la medicina (translated biography)
Origins of Neuroscience by Stanley Finger (Sydenham's chorea)
1818 births
1896 deaths
People from Ribeauvillé
University of Paris faculty
19th-century French physicians
The International Actuarial Association (IAA) is a worldwide association of local professional actuarial associations.
History
The IAA is the continuation of the Comité Permanent des Congrès d'Actuaires, established in 1895, as an association of individuals. It was renamed the IAA in 1968. At the 26th International Congress of Actuaries, held in Birmingham on 7–12 June 1998, the General Assembly of the International Actuarial Association restructured itself.
To restructure created a single unified framework to ensure unity of direction and efficient coordination with respect to issues of a worldwide nature. The major responsibilities of the IAA are now in the hands of the actuarial associations, which bring together the actuaries in their respective countries and is the link between the actuaries and the actuarial associations worldwide. The IAA is the unique international organization dedicated to the research, education and development of the profession and of actuarial associations.
Sections
The IAA has seven sections, AFIR-ERM, ASTIN, IAAHS, IAALS, IACA, PBSS, AWB.
Actuarial Approach for Financial Risks
The Actuarial Approach for Financial Risks (AFIR-ERM) section and was founded in 1988. It has as its objective the promotion of actuarial research in financial risks and enterprise risk management, and its most important function is the organizing of annual colloquia.
Actuarial Studies In Non-Life Insurance
The Actuarial Studies In Non-life insurance (ASTIN) section was founded in 1957. ASTIN organises annual colloquia and jointly publishes with the other sections, the ASTIN Bulletin, an internationally renowned referenced scientific journal.
International Actuarial Association Health Section
The International Actuarial Association Health Section (IAAHS) was founded in 2003 to provide an international perspective on health actuarial practice, public and private health insurance, and health policy matters.
International Actuarial Association Life Section
The International Actuarial Association Life Section (IAALS) has as its objectives to promote and facilitate an international exchange of views, advice, research and practical information among actuaries involved with life insurance issues.
International Association of Consulting Actuaries
The International Association of Consulting Actuaries (IACA) is the consulting section of the IAA.
The IACA first met in 1960, and was formally constituted in 1968. It held international meetings every other year to consider issues of concern to consulting actuaries. Much of the impetus for early meetings was stimulated by Max Lander and Geoffrey Heywood, who continued to play a prominent role in the Association for many years and were elected Emeritus Members of its Committee in 1976.
In 1999, following a restructuring of the IAA, the IACA was admitted as the consulting section of the IAA.
Pensions, Benefits and Social Security
The Pensions, Benefits, Social Security Section (PBSS) was founded in 2003 to serve actuaries around the world who have personal, professional, educational or research interests in social protection and the commercial, social and public policy issues concerning the provision of pensions and other benefits.
Actuaries Without Borders
The Actuaries Without Borders Section (AWB) was also founded in 2003 to link situations in need of actuarial skills with financial resources and with actuarial volunteers to meet those needs.
Governance
The IAA Council comprises the President whose term of office is one year, the officers and one delegate per full member association and one delegate per section. The committees and the council normally meet twice a year in different countries.
The Officers for the period January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 are:
Roseanne Harris, President
Micheline Dionne, President-Elect
Jan Kars, Immediate Past President
The Council elects an Executive Committee to coordinate activities and operations, and propose strategies, budgets, membership fees and Council meeting venues. The President chairs the Executive Committee, which comprises the Officers and the chairpersons of the Committees and Sections.
Member associations
Currently, the IAA has 74 full member associations, 27 associate member associations, six partners organisations and 4 patrons. All individual actuaries can elect to join any section of the IAA, which currently are ASTIN, AFIR-ERM, IACA, IAAHS, IAALS and PBSS by paying the required contribution.
Full members
Caribbean Actuarial Association
Central American Actuaries Association
Professional Council of Economic Sciences of the City of Buenos Aires
Actuaries Institute Australia
Austrian Actuarial Society
Institute of Actuaries in Belgium
Actuarial Association in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Brazilian Institute of Actuaries
Bulgarian Actuarial Society
Canadian Institute of Actuaries
China Association of Actuaries
Colombian Association of Actuaries
Croatian Actuarial Association
Cyprus Association of Actuaries
Czech Society of Actuaries
Danish Society of Actuaries
Egyptian Society of Actuaries
Estonian Actuarial Society
Actuarial Society of Finland
Institute of Actuaries of France
German Actuarial Society
Actuarial Society of Ghana
Hellenic Actuarial Society (Greece)
Actuarial Society of Hong Kong
Hungarian Actuarial Society
Society of Icelandic Actuaries
Institute of Actuaries of India
Society of Actuaries of Indonesia
Society of Actuaries in Ireland
Israel Association of Actuaries
Italian Institute of Actuaries
Institute of Actuaries of Ivory Coast
Institute of Actuaries of Japan
Japanese Society of Certified Pension Actuaries
Actuarial Society of Kazakhstan
Actuarial Society of Kenya
Latvian Actuarial Association
Lebanese Association of Actuaries
Lithuanian Actuarial Society
Macedonian Actuarial Association
Actuarial Society of Malaysia
National Association of Actuaries (Mexico)
Moroccan Association of Actuaries
Actuarial Society of the Netherlands
New Zealand Society of Actuaries
Nigerian Actuarial Society
Norwegian Society of Actuaries
Pakistan Society of Actuaries
Actuarial Society of the Philippines
Polish Society of Actuaries
Portuguese Institute of Actuaries
Romanian Actuarial Association
Russian Guild of Actuaries
Serbian Association of Actuaries
Singapore Actuarial Society
Slovak Society of Actuaries
Slovenian Association of Actuaries
Actuarial Society of South Africa
Institute of Actuaries of Korea (South Korea)
Spanish Institute of Actuaries
Catalan Actuarial Association (Spain)
Actuarial Association of Sri Lanka
Swedish Society of Actuaries
Swiss Association of Actuaries
Actuarial Institute of Chinese Taipei
Society of Actuaries of Thailand
Actuarial Society of Turkey
Association of Consulting Actuaries (United Kingdom)
Institute and Faculty of Actuaries (United Kingdom)
American Society of Pension Professionals and Actuaries
Casualty Actuarial Society (United States)
Conference of Consulting Actuaries (United States)
Society of Actuaries (United States)
Associate members
Albanian Actuarial Association
Institute of Actuaries of Argentina
Actuarial Society of Armenia
Actuarial Association of Azerbaijan
Association of Actuaries of Benin
Actuarial Association of the Republic of Srpska (Bosnia and Herzegovina)
Channel Islands Actuarial Society
Institute of Actuaries of Chile
Ecuadorian Actuarial Association
Association of Actuaries and Financial Analysts (Georgia)
Actuarial Society of Iran
Luxembourg Actuarial Association
Mexican Association of Actuaries
Moldovan Actuarial Association
Society of Actuaries of Mongolia
Society of Actuaries of Namibia
Association of Actuaries of Panama
Association of Professional Actuaries (Russia)
Institut National des Actuaires au Sénégal (Senegal)
Actuarial Society of Tanzania
Association Actuarielle au Togo
The Actuarial Association of Uganda
Society of Actuaries of Ukraine
Actuarial Society of Zambia
Actuarial Society of Zimbabwe
Partners
International Accounting Standards Board
International Association of Insurance Supervisors
International Organisation of Pension Supervisors
International Social Security Association
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development
Sustainable Insurance Forum
Observers
None
Patrons
Allianz
Reinsurance Group of America
Milliman
Istituto Nazionale per l'Assicurazione contro gli Infortuni sul Lavoro e le malattie professionali
Publications
ASTIN Bulletin - The Journal of the International Actuarial Association ()
Stochastic Modeling – Theory and Reality from an Actuarial Perspective ()
Discount Rates in Financial Reporting A Practical Guide ()
Risk Adjustments for Insurance Contracts Under IFRS 17 ()
Past presidents
1895-1896 - Léon Mahillon
1896-1909 - Omer Lepreux
1909-1946 - Amédée Bégault
1946-1950 - Léon François
1950-1964 - Albert Théate
1964-1984 - Edouard Franckx
1987-1988 - Henri Rijkers
1988-1998 - André Lamens
1995-1996 - Paul McCrossan†
1996-1997 - Christopher Daykin†
1997-1998 - Walter S. Rugland†
1998-1999 - Jean Berthon
2000 - Catherine M. Prime
2001 - Morris W. Chambers
2002 - Edward J. Levay
2003 - W. James MacGinnitie
2004 - Luis Huerta
2005 - Alf Guldberg
2006 - Jean-Louis Massé
2007 - Hillevi Mannonen
2008 - David G. Hartman
2009 - Katsumi Hikasa
2010 - Paul N. Thornton
2011 - Cecil D. Bykerk
2012 - Desmond K. Smith
2013 - Kurt Wolfsdorf
2014 - Robert L. Brown
2015 - Frederick Rowley
2016 - Malcolm Campbell
2017 - Thomas S. Terry
2018 - Masaaki Yoshimura
2019 - Gábor Hanák
2020 - Tonya B. Manning
2021 - Jan Kars
†Chairmen of the International Forum of Actuarial Associations
Medallists of the IAA
2001 - Hans Bühlmann
2001 - Max Lacroix
2008 - Paul McCrossan
2010 - Yves Guérard
2014 - Christopher Daykin
References
External links
International Actuarial Association official website
Actuarial associations
Frances Crouse (born September 21, 1995) is an American former soccer player who played as a forward for the North Carolina Courage in the National Women's Soccer League.
Early life
Crouse was born in Latrobe, Pennsylvania, to parents Samuel and Thursa Crouse. They have two other siblings: Samantha and Colby. Crouse played club soccer with Beadling Soccer Club, helping their team win three State Cup Championships and bronze medal in the US Youth Soccer National Championships in 2010.
College career
Crouse attended Penn State University, majoring in advertising and public relations. In their final year at Penn State, they were named to the MAC Hermann Trophy Watch List.
Club career
North Carolina Courage, 2018
Coming off an injury in their senior year at Penn State, Crouse was drafted 10th overall by the North Carolina Courage in the 2018 NWSL College Draft, in which they were surprised to be drafted to begin with. They obtained their first professional cap and first professional goal on June 3, 2018, against the Houston Dash. They were released by the Courage on June 15 but would continue to train with the club. On June 22, realizing NWSL rosters were locked, Crouse said, "I mean they are basically full, so I was hoping that maybe they would consider me, but if it doesn't and that was my last game I ever played in the NWSL I left on a good note. Something I'll always remember." By July, they were no longer with the team, and by January 2019, Crouse declared themselves retired.
Career statistics
References
External links
North Carolina Courage player profile
1995 births
Women's association football forwards
North Carolina Courage players
Living people
National Women's Soccer League players
Soccer players from Pennsylvania
American women's soccer players
Penn State Nittany Lions women's soccer players
North Carolina Courage draft picks
People from Latrobe, Pennsylvania
Sportspeople from the Pittsburgh metropolitan area
Rockin' on Heaven's Door (; lit. "Passionate Goodbye") is a 2013 South Korean film directed by Nam Taek-soo, starring F.T. Island lead vocalist Lee Hong-ki as an idol star who learns to cope with their past and rediscovers music during community work at a hospice for terminally ill patients.
Plot
Chung-ui is a famous Korean pop star with a temper. After they beat up a man at a night club, they are sentenced to do community service at a hospice for terminally ill patients. The reluctant young man first hates their chores and dislikes the people around him, but as they get to know their stories, they become attached to them. The hospice struggles with funding, leading to a possible close-down, so the hospice in-house band, The Phoenix Band decides to apply to a talent show on television. For this, they need an original song, so they ask Chung-ui to help them. The singer refuses at first, then tries to use the opportunity to reduce their sentence days. They end up seriously changing their mind about music, their behavior and grows to accept their mother's death, while helping the patients achieve their dreams. Even after the death of the band members, they continue to revive The Phoenix Band each time, assisting new patients.
Cast
Lee Hong-gi as Chung-ui
Baek Jin-hee as Anna
Ma Dong-seok as Mu-seong
Im Won-hee as Bong-shik
Jeon Min-seo as Ha-eun
Shim Yi-young as Power Mom
Lee Min-ah as Ha-eun's mother
Jeon Soo-kyung as Hospice director nun
Choi Kwon as Gwang-sam
No Kang-min as Him-chan
Bae Ho-geun as Cheol-soo
Lee Jae-goo as Chung-ui's father
Kwak Ja-hyeong as Ha-eun's father
Jeong Joo-ri as Nurse Jeong
Kim Yoo-in as Nurse Kim
Kim Kwang-hyeon as producer in preliminary exhibition room
Kim Hyeon-ah as Chung-ui's mother
Yoo Chang-sook as Young-sik's dying mother
Cha Jong-ho as Young-sik
Shin An-jin as creditor 1
Baek Ik-nam as creditor 2
Kim Soo-bok as bathing grandfather
Hyeon Seong as agency boss
Yoo Jae-myung as intensive care unit doctor
Soundtrack
Release
Rockin' on Heaven's Door was released in South Korea on May 30, 2013. It received 46,310 admissions during its theatrical run and grossed a total of .
Prior to its domestic release, the film was also sold to Japan, Hong Kong, Singapore, Malaysia, Brunei, and Indonesia. It opened in Japan (with the title Phoenix, Song of Promise) on June 7, 2013, and Singapore on August 22, 2013.
References
External links
2010s musical drama films
Films about music and musicians
Films about death
South Korean musical drama films
2010s South Korean films
In enzymology, an aldose 1-epimerase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
alpha-D-glucose beta-D-glucose
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, alpha-D-glucose, and one product, beta-D-glucose.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those racemases and epimerases acting on carbohydrates and derivatives. The systematic name of this enzyme class is aldose 1-epimerase. Other names in common use include mutarotase, and aldose mutarotase. This enzyme participates in glycolysis and gluconeogenesis.
Structural studies
As of late 2007, 23 structures have been solved for this class of enzymes, with PDB accession codes , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and .
References
EC 5.1.3
Enzymes of known structure
Central Chile (Zona central) is one of the five natural regions into which CORFO divided continental Chile in 1950. It is home to a majority of the Chilean population and includes the three largest metropolitan areas—Santiago, Valparaíso, and Concepción. It extends from 32° south latitude to 37° south latitude.
Geography
Central Chile is one of the five main geographical zones in which Chile is divided. The Chilean Central Valley lies between the coastal range ("Cordillera de la Costa") and the Andes Mountains. To the north is the semi-desert region known as El Norte Chico, (the "little north"), which lies between 28° and 32° south latitude. To the south lies the cooler and wetter Valdivian temperate rain forests ecoregion, in Los Lagos Region; (the latter includes most of South America's temperate rain forests). The Central valley is a fertile region and the agricultural heartland of Chile.
Climate
The climate is of the temperate Mediterranean type, with the amount of rainfall increasing considerably and progressively from north to south. In the Santiago area, the average monthly temperatures are about in the summer months of January and February and in the winter months of June and July. The average monthly precipitation is no more than a trace in January and February and in June and July. By contrast, in Concepción the average monthly temperatures are somewhat lower in the summer at but higher in the winter at , and the amount of rain is much greater. In the summer, Concepción receives an average of twenty millimeters of rain per month; in June and July, the city is pounded by an average of per month. The numerous rivers greatly increase their flow as a result of the winter rains and the spring melting of the Andean snows, and they contract considerably in the summer. The combination of abundant snow in the Andes and relatively moderate winter temperatures creates excellent conditions for Alpine skiing.
The annual mean temperature in Santiago is . The temperate action of the ocean prevents temperatures from dropping drastically, and if snow falls in the area it does not usually stay on the ground for more than a few hours.
In Santiago the annual rainfall is and in Valparaíso, it amounts to . Along the Central Valley rainfall increases gradually southward until it reaches in Concepción.
Topography
The topography of central Chile includes a coastal range of mountains running parallel to the Andes. Lying between the two mountain ranges is the so-called Central Valley, which contains some of the richest agricultural land in the country, especially in its northern portion. The area just north and south of Santiago is a large producer of fruits, including the grapes from which the best Chilean wines are made. Exports of fresh fruit began to rise dramatically in the mid-1970s because Chilean growers had the advantage of being able to reach markets in the Northern Hemisphere during that part of the world's winter. Most of these exports, such as grapes, apples, and peaches, go by refrigerator ships, but some, such as berries, go by air freight.
The southern portion of central Chile contains a mixture of some excellent agricultural lands, many of which were covered originally with old-growth forests. They were cleared for agriculture but were soon exhausted of their organic matter and left to erode. Large tracts of this worn-out land, many of them on hilly terrain, have been reforested for the lumber, especially for the cellulose and paper industries. New investments during the 1980s in these industries transformed the rural economy of the region. The pre-Andean highlands and some of the taller and more massive mountains in the coastal range (principally the Cordillera de Nahuelbuta) still contain large tracts of old-growth forests of remarkable beauty, some of which have been set aside as national parks. Between the coastal mountains and the ocean, many areas of central Chile contain stretches of land that are lower than the Central Valley and are generally quite flat. The longest beaches can be found in such sections.
Demography and economy
The following regions are traditionally considered as being part of Chile's central Valley:
V Region of Valparaíso
The Metropolitan Region of Santiago
VI Region of the Libertador General Bernardo O'Higgins
VII Region of the Maule
VIII Region of the Biobío
Historically, the Central valley has been the heartland of the country with the highest concentration of population (two thirds of the country's population) and, in addition, the area where the greater proportion of the economic productivity of the country is concentrated. Its economy is characterized by its diversity and the strongest pillars lie in the use of natural resources, through the copper mining, logging, agriculture and wine producing, fishing, and manufacturing sector.
The main cities are: Santiago, Valparaíso, Viña del Mar, Quilpué, Villa Alemana, Quillota, Puente Alto, San Antonio, Melipilla, Rancagua, Curicó, Talca, Linares, Chillán, Concepción, Talcahuano, Coronel and Los Ángeles.
External links
An aerial Google view of the Chilean Central Valley. Argentina lies to the east of the Andes range
Geography of Chile
Natural regions of Chile
Chris Lambert (born March 28, 1988) is an American singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, and podcaster. In 2019, Lambert launched a true-crime podcast documentary series about the disappearance of Kristin Smart, which helped lead to arrests in the 25 year-old case.
Biography
Lambert was born in Santa Maria, California. They were raised in Orcutt, California, and attended Ernest Righetti High School.
A multi-instrumentalist, Lambert makes use of a variety of instruments, frequently playing many of them themselves on the same track.
Lambert has released albums of varying styles, ranging from the 1990s alternative rock revival of Warp & Woof, to the ambient folk sound of their most recent release, The Constant Education of Christopher Lambert.
True-crime podcast
Beginning September 30, 2019, Chris Lambert released a 10-part podcast series called Your Own Backyard. The podcast recounts, in detail, the disappearance of Kristin Smart from the campus of California Polytechnic State University in May 1996. The podcast was downloaded over five million times in its first 6 months. Renewed public interest led to a new billboard being put up in Arroyo Grande, California in January 2020 to replace the original, which had been up since 1997.
On April 13, 2021, the San Luis Obispo County sheriff announced two arrests in the case of the disappearance of Kristin Smart and said the podcast had helped encourage witnesses to come forward with information.
Discography
Studio Albums
Two Guns (2007)
Songs I'd Like to Sing Into Your Open Mouth (2008)
The Great Dipso Drought (2009)
Phoebe (2010)
Phoebe, Naked (2010)
Krakatoa Lazer Punch (2011)
The Weatherman (2012)
Silver Jubilee (2013)
Warp & Woof (2014)
The Blue Hour (2016)
The Constant Education of Christopher Lambert (2018)
References
External links
Truth & Justice with Bob Ruff - S9E16: Disappearance of Kristin Smart w/ Chris Lambert
Your Own Backyard - Episode 02: The Only Suspect by Chris Lambert
Living people
American male singer-songwriters
American multi-instrumentalists
People from Santa Maria, California
Singer-songwriters from California
1988 births
Erwin Schrödinger (1887–1961) was an Austrian physicist and one of the fathers of quantum mechanics.
Schrödinger may also refer to:
Physics
Schrödinger's cat, a thought experiment devised by Schrödinger that illustrates what they saw as the problem of the Copenhagen interpretation of quantum mechanics applied to everyday objects
Schrödinger equation, an equation formulated by Schrödinger that describes how the quantum state of a physical system changes in time
Schrödinger field, a quantum field which obeys the Schrödinger equation
Schrödinger group, the symmetry group of the free particle Schrödinger equation
Schrödinger method, a method used to solve some problems of distribution and occupancy
Schrödinger picture, a formulation of quantum mechanics in which the state vectors evolve in time, but the operators (observables and others) are constant
Astronomy
Schrödinger (crater), a lunar impact crater
Vallis Schrödinger, a long, nearly linear valley that lies on the far side of the Moon
13092 Schrödinger, a main belt asteroid
Other
Schrödinger, an implementation of Dirac (video compression format)
Schrödinger (company), a scientific software company
Schrödinger (Hellsing), a fictional character in the Hellsing manga series by Kouta Hirano
One Horse Blue is the fifth studio album by Canadian country music group One Horse Blue. It was released by Savannah Records in 1993. The album peaked at number 4 on the RPM Country Albums chart.
Track listing
"Starting All Over Again"
"Love's Looking for Me"
"Skyrocket"
"Baby Don't Cry"
"Everything Money Can Buy"
"Bringing Back Your Love"
"Hopeless Love"
"Don't Lose Sight"
"Devil's Train"
"You're Always Right"
"The Man Walks Alone"
"Colours of Love"
"Ride the Wind"
Chart performance
References
1993 albums
One Horse Blue albums
The Hotel Römischer Kaiser (English: Roman Emperor Hotel) is a former hotel at Stresemanstraße 26 in the center of Düsseldorf, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, which has more recently been used as an office and commercial building. It was designed by Josef Kleesattel and finished in 1904.
History
The previous building of the hotel was at Benrather Straße 3.
From 1903 to 1904 Josef Kleesattel built the four-story corner structure with stone facades at the corner of Steinstraße 70 (today Stresemannstraße 26). The building contractor was FW Zensen. Hermann vom Endt designed the beer and wine bars that were connected to the hotel. Its location was touted on advertisements as being only five minutes away from Düsseldorf's main train station, and was equipped with all the modern conveniences of the time, including electric lights, an elevator, and central heating. The Düsseldorf Yacht Club was founded on the hotel's premises in 1908.
Jörg Heimeshoff has described the Gothic revival details as such:
However, one might argue that the combination of Gothic-revival elements with bulbous domes capping the corner tower and the gables with volutes point more to a Heimatstil (Homeland style) popular in German architecture around 1900.
The building was damaged during World War II and rebuilt in a simplified manner in the 1950s. The gables and turret were reconstructed in 1982-83 largely based on the original drawings, though the small dormers in between these features were left as skylights. It is currently used as a bank office on the ground floor (since 2015), with offices on the upper floors.
Gallery
References
External links
Hotels in Düsseldorf
20th-century architecture in Germany
Culture in Düsseldorf
In chemistry, work-up refers to the series of manipulations required to isolate and purify the product(s) of a chemical reaction.
Typically, these manipulations may include:
quenching a reaction to deactivate any unreacted reagents.
cooling the reaction mixture or adding an antisolvent to induce precipitation, and collecting or removing the solids by filtration, decantation, or centrifugation
removal of solvents by evaporation
separating the reaction mixture into organic and aqueous layers by liquid-liquid extraction
purification by chromatography, distillation or recrystallization
For example, the Grignard reaction between phenylmagnesium bromide and carbon dioxide in the form of dry ice gives the conjugate base of benzoic acid. The desired product, benzoic acid, is obtained by the following work-up:
The reaction mixture containing the Grignard reagent is allowed to warm to room temperature in a water bath to allow excess dry ice to evaporate
Any remaining Grignard reagent is quenched by the addition of water
Dilute hydrochloric acid is added to the reaction mixture to protonate the benzoate salts, as well as to dissolve the magnesium salts. White solids of impure benzoic acid are obtained.
The benzoic acid is decanted to remove the aqueous solution of impurities, more water is added, and the mixture is brought to a boil with more water added to give a homogeneous solution.
The solution is allowed to cool slowly to room temperature, then in an ice bath to recrystallize benzoic acid.
The recrystallized benzoic acid crystals are collected on a Buchner funnel and are allowed to air-dry to give pure benzoic acid.
See also
Flow chemistry
References
Chemical reactions
2X or 2-X may refer to:
A typographic approximation of 2×, or multiplication by 2
"two power"/"two times" magnification
A typographical or transcription error of 2x, or Power of two
A shortcut for the term twice
Saab 9-2X
LG Optimus 2X
Double scull in rowing
J-2X, a model of J-2 (rocket engine)
Nord Lead 2X; see Nord Lead
2X Software
2X, a 2016 album by Lil Durk
See also
2 X Again, a 2007 album by Michael Angelo Batio
X2 (disambiguation)
Ferdinand Prénom (born 11 January 1991) is a French professional basketball player, who last played for Chorale Roanne Basket of LNB Pro A.
Playing career
On 6 May 2014 they were part of the list of sixteen pre-selected players for the France A 'team to tour China and Italy during the month of June.
In May 2015, they signed a one-year contract with Boulogne, a French club relegated to Pro B. In February 2020, they suffered a season ending knee injury.
References
External links
LNB Profile
1991 births
Living people
Centers (basketball)
Chorale Roanne Basket players
French men's basketball players
HTV Basket players
JDA Dijon Basket players
Olympique Antibes basketball players
Orléans Loiret Basket players
SOMB Boulogne-sur-Mer players
Basketball players from Paris
Creamery Park is a football ground located in Bathgate, West Lothian, Scotland. It serves as the home ground of East Region Super League outfit Bathgate Thistle. Previously it had been home to the Rangers Reserve team, until a rule change forced them to move elsewhere. More recently, it was also home to the Motherwell Under-19 team.
Also at Creamery Park are a clubhouse, and a floodlit five-a-side pitch behind one goal, as well as high-quality changing facilities.
The ground has a capacity of around 3,000 spectators.
References
External links
Stadium information on Non-LeagueScotland.com
Bathgate Thistle F.C.
Football venues in Scotland
Sports venues in West Lothian
Bathgate
The Naama War is a fantasy novel written by Charles R. Saunders, and published independently in 2009 by Sword & Soul Media via the online press Lulu.
Synopsis
Warfare on a cataclysmic scale is convulsing across the continent of Nyumbani, from north to south. Soldiers fall. Cities burn. Blood reddens the sea. Sorcery sears the land. Deities gather in opposite dimensions, poised to unleash unimaginable cosmic power on a land already battered by the Cushites of the North and the Naamans of the South.
In the midst of this massive struggle, Imaro, warrior of the Ilyassai, wages a personal war against their nemesis, the sorcerer Bohu of Naama. This individual vendetta mirrors the larger clash between the forces of good and evil – a confrontation that threatens to tear Nyumbani apart.
The destiny for which Imaro has been honed like a living weapon, now lies directly before him. Imaro vs. Bohu. Cush vs. Naama. War. Magic. Blood. Fire. The losers in this wide-ranging battle for the fate of a continent face oblivion. But the winners will not emerge unscathed.
List of characters
The characters in this section are listed in their order of appearance.
Imaro - son of Katisa, an Ilyassai warrior decreed Benemetapa (heir) of the Monomotapa Empire
Pomphis - Bambuti Pygmy scholar and former jester, now friend to Imaro
Bohu - servant of the Erriten, Imaro's nemesis
King Majnun - deposed king of Kitwana and former friend of Pomphis
Solosha - Imaro's cousin and their closest friend among the Ngikwa, their fathers people
Mkwayo - Imaro's father and Monomotapa (Emperor) of the Monomotapa Empire
Katisa - Imaro's mother now Dakamatapa (Empress/Queen) of the Monomotapa Empire
Kilewo - son of Imaro, five rains old
Tanisha - a Shikaza woman who becomes Imaro's companion
Footnotes
External links
Charles R. Saunders official website
2009 American novels
American fantasy novels
Novels by Charles R. Saunders
Aleksandr Viktorovich Gerasimov (; born 12 November 1969) is a Russian retired professional footballer. They made their professional debut in the Soviet Second League B in 1990 for FC Saturn Ramenskoye.
Honours
Russian Premier League runner-up: 1998.
References
1969 births
People from Lyubertsy
Living people
Soviet footballers
Russian footballers
FC Saturn Ramenskoye players
FC Tyumen players
Russian Premier League players
FC Chernomorets Novorossiysk players
FC Shinnik Yaroslavl players
PFC CSKA Moscow players
PFC Krylia Sovetov Samara players
FC Lokomotiv Nizhny Novgorod players
Association football midfielders
FC Znamya Truda Orekhovo-Zuyevo players
Sportspeople from Moscow Oblast
Benjamin Champney (November 20, 1817 – December 11, 1907) was a painter known for their role in White Mountain art of the 19th century. They began their training as a lithographer under celebrated marine artist Fitz Henry Lane at Pendleton's Lithography shop in Boston. Most art historians consider them the founder of the "North Conway Colony" of painters who came to North Conway, New Hampshire and the surrounding area during the second half of the 19th century. Their paintings were often used to make chromolithographs that were subsequently sold to tourists who could not afford Champney's originals. They exhibited regularly at the Boston Athenæum and was a founder of the Boston Art Club.
Early life
Champney was born in New Ipswich, New Hampshire. They first visited Conway in 1838. In 1841, Champney went to France to study, returning to Boston in 1846, and then returned to Europe almost at once to paint a panorama of the Rhine River. They returned to Boston in 1848 and exhibited the panorama there in December. It was subsequently exhibited in Worcester, Massachusetts, New Haven, Connecticut, and New York City. In 1854, they went on a painting trip to Germany and Switzerland with John Frederick Kensett. The panorama, unfortunately, was destroyed by fire in New York City in October 1857.
Allure of North Conway
In 1850, Champney returned to the White Mountains with their friend, Kensett. Their enthusiasm and paintings drew large numbers of Boston and New York artists to the Conway area. In 1853, Champney married and bought a house between Conway and North Conway. It would be their summer home for over fifty years. Their studio was a noted social center, and was visited by many people from all parts of the country.
In 1855, Champney became a founder of the Boston Art Club, and, in 1856, its president.
On August 4, 1888, The White Mountain Echo reported: "Champney's studio is as much visited as ever this summer, and there are many new pictures to see. Of the landscapes, there is a view from the new carriage road up Humphrey's Ledge that is beautiful, and another a scene in Crawford Notch, and still another, a picture of Mount Chocorua from Tamworth; there are some lovely new flower pieces ... But perhaps the very prettiest is the old-fashioned pitcher in the kitchen window ..."
Later life and legacy
In 1900, they published an autobiography, Sixty Years' Memories of Art and Artists.
Champney died at their home in Woburn, Massachusetts, on December 11, 1907.
Examples of their paintings can be viewed today at the New Hampshire Historical Society in Concord, New Hampshire; the Currier Museum of Art in Manchester, New Hampshire; at Woburn Public Library in Woburn, Massachusetts; and the Museum of the White Mountains at Plymouth State University in Plymouth, New Hampshire.
In recognition of their unique and lasting contribution to the arts and culture of Boston, a gaslit cobblestone alley, Champney Place, is named in their honor in historic Beacon Hill, Boston.  They are mentioned on a New Hampshire historical marker (number 38) along New Hampshire Route 16 in Conway.
Image gallery
Sources
Beauty Caught and Kept: Benjamin Champney in the White Mountains. Historical New Hampshire, Vol. 51, Nos. 3&4, Fall/Winter 1996.
Campbell, Catherine H. New Hampshire Scenery, Canaan, NH: Phoenix Publishing, 1985.
Champney, Benjamin. Sixty Years' Memories of Art and Artists, Woburn, MA: Wallace & Andrews, 1900.
References
External links
WorldCat
White Mountain paintings by Benjamin Champney
1817 births
1907 deaths
People from New Ipswich, New Hampshire
American lithographers
American landscape painters
Artists from Boston
19th-century American painters
American male painters
20th-century American painters
People from Woburn, Massachusetts
20th-century American printmakers
People from North Conway, New Hampshire
People from Conway, New Hampshire
19th-century American male artists
20th-century American male artists
Lars Erik Humlekjær (born 1971) is a Norwegian archer. They were born in Fredrikstad, and is a son of Jan Erik Humlekjær. They competed in archery at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, where they placed tenth with the Norwegian team and 40th in the individual competition.
References
External links
1971 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Fredrikstad
Norwegian male archers
Olympic archers of Norway
Archers at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Domnall Mór Ua Cellaigh, 42nd King of Uí Maine and 9th Chief of the Name, died 1221.
Reign
Domnall Mór's reign is one of the most obscure of the High Medieval kings of Uí Maine. The kingdom is only indirectly mentioned in the annals. While the Ua Conchobair succession dispute regularly devastated Connacht and the Anglo-Irish began raids and settlement west of the Shannon. In 1189 Conchobar meanmaige Ua Conchobair was slain by a unknown culprit.
Descendants
Domnall Mór is notable for the claim, noted by John O'Donovan as recorded in a Trinity College Dublin pedigree of the Mac Eochadha (Keogh) family, that they were the common ancestor of all the extant branches of the Uí Cellaigh Uí Maine. This may simply mean that, while other lines had lost lands and status and became peasants, most of their bloodline continued to exist among the gentry after the collapse of Gaelic Ireland. This opinion is in reality, one track minded and can mean one thing, that among the army's highest ranking men they were claimed King. Irish historians have denied the O' Cellaigh's war ambitions and in particular battles they participated in.
It further states that they were the ancestor of all subsequent kings and chiefs, bar four.
Domnall Mór married Dubh Cobhlaigh Ní Briain, a daughter of King Domnall Mór of Thomond (died 1194).
Children of Domnall Mór and Dubh Cobhlaigh included:
- Eoghan, the third son, became ancestor of the Clann Maince Eoghain, who gave their name to the barony of Clanmacnowen, and whose chiefs were semi-independent vassals of the senior Ua Cellaigh.
- Diarmaid, their youngest son, became ancestor of the Mac Eochadha (Keogh) family of Maigh Finn (now Taughmaconnell). This surname is still found in County Roscommon and County Galway.
References
The Tribes and customs of Hy-Many, John O'Donovan, 1843
The Surnames of Ireland, Edward MacLysaght, Dublin, 1978.
Annals of Ulster at CELT: Corpus of Electronic Texts at University College Cork
Annals of Tigernach at CELT: Corpus of Electronic Texts at University College Cork
Revised edition of McCarthy's synchronisms at Trinity College Dublin.
People from County Galway
People from County Roscommon
Kings of Uí Maine
Domnall Mor
Ghaniabad () may refer to:
Ghaniabad, Razavi Khorasan
Ghaniabad, Semnan
Ghaniabad, Boshruyeh, South Khorasan Province
Ghaniabad, Tabas, South Khorasan Province
Ghaniabad, Tehran
Ghaniabad Rural District, in Tehran Province
The Union of the Crowns (; ) was the accession of James VI of Scotland to the throne of the Kingdom of England as James I and the practical unification of some functions (such as overseas diplomacy) of the two separate realms under a single individual on 24 March 1603. Whilst a misnomer, therefore, what is popularly known The Union of the Crowns followed the death of James's cousin, Elizabeth I of England, the last monarch of the Tudor dynasty.
The union was personal or dynastic, with the Crown of England and the Crown of Scotland remaining both distinct and separate despite James's best efforts to create a new imperial throne. England and Scotland continued as two separate states sharing a monarch, who directed their domestic and foreign policy, along with Ireland, until the Acts of Union of 1707 during the reign of the last Stuart monarch, Anne, Queen of England. However, there was a republican interregnum in the 1650s, during which the Tender of Union of Oliver Cromwell created the Commonwealth of England and Scotland which ended with The Restoration.
Early unification
In August 1503, James IV of Scotland married Margaret, the eldest daughter of Henry VII of England, and the spirit of the new age was celebrated by the poet William Dunbar in The Thrissil and the Rois. The marriage was the outcome of the Treaty of Perpetual Peace, concluded the previous year, which, in theory, ended centuries of Anglo-Scottish war. The marriage brought Scotland's Stuarts into England's Tudor line of succession, despite the improbability of a Scottish prince acceding the English throne at the time. However, many on the English side were concerned by the dynastic implications of matrimony, including some Privy Councillors. In countering these fears Henry VII is reputed to have said:
The peace did not last in "perpetuity"; it was disturbed in 1513 when Henry VIII of England, who had succeeded their father four years before, declared war on France in the War of the League of Cambrai. In response France invoked the terms of the Auld Alliance, their ancient bond with Scotland. James duly invaded Northern England leading to the Battle of Flodden.
In the decades that followed, England repeatedly invaded Scotland, including burning its capital. By the middle of Henry's reign, the problems of the royal succession, which seemed so unimportant in 1503, acquired ever larger dimensions, when the question of Tudor fertility or the lack thereof entered directly into the political arena. Margaret's line was excluded from the English succession though during the reign of Elizabeth I, concerns were once again raised. In the last decade of their reign it was clear to all that James VI of Scotland, great-grandson of James IV and Margaret, was the only generally acceptable heir.
Accession of James VI
From 1601, in the last years of Elizabeth I's life, certain English politicians, notably their chief minister, Sir Robert Cecil, maintained a secret correspondence with James to prepare in advance for a smooth succession. Cecil advised James not to press the matter of the succession upon the queen but simply to treat them with kindness and respect. The approach proved effective: "I trust that you will not doubt", Elizabeth wrote to James, "but that your last letters are so acceptably taken as my thanks cannot be lacking for the same, but yield them you in grateful sort". In March 1603, with the queen clearly dying, Cecil sent James a draft proclamation of their accession to the English throne. Strategic fortresses were put on alert, with London placed under guard. Elizabeth died in the early hours of 24 March. Within eight hours, James was proclaimed king in London, with the news received without protest or disturbance.
On 5 April 1603, James left Edinburgh for London and promised to return every three years, which they failed to keep by returning only once, in 1617. They progressed slowly from town to arrive in the capital after Elizabeth's funeral. Local lords received James with lavish hospitality along the route, and James's new subjects flocked to see them and were relieved above all that the succession had triggered neither unrest nor invasion. As James entered London, they were mobbed. The crowds of people, one observer reported, were so great that "they covered the beauty of the fields; and so greedy were they to behold the King that they injured and hurt one another". James's English coronation took place on 25 July though the festivities had to be restricted because of an outbreak of the plague. A Royal Entry featuring elaborate allegories provided by dramatic poets such as Thomas Dekker and Ben Jonson was deferred until 15 March 1604, when all London turned out for the occasion: "The streets seemed paved with men", wrote Dekker, "Stalls instead of rich wares were set out with children, open casements filled up with women".
Whatever residual fears that many in England may have felt, James's arrival aroused a mood of high expectation. The twilight years of Elizabeth had been a disappointment, and for a nation troubled for so many years by the question of succession, the new king was a family man who already had male heirs waiting in the wings. But James's honeymoon was of very short duration, and their initial political actions were to do much to create the rather negative tone, which was to turn a successful Scottish king into a disappointing English one. The greatest and most obvious was the question of their exact status and title. James intended to be King of Great Britain and Ireland. Their first obstacle along that imperial road was the attitude of the English Parliament.
In their first speech to their southern assembly on 19 March 1604 James gave a clear statement of the royal manifesto:
Parliament may very well have rejected polygamy; but the marriage, if marriage it was, between the realms of England and Scotland was to be morganatic at best. James's ambitions were greeted with very little enthusiasm, as one by one MP rushed to defend the ancient name and realm of England. All sorts of legal objections were raised: all laws would have to be renewed and all treaties renegotiated. For James, whose experience of parliaments was limited to the stage-managed and semi-feudal Scottish variety, the self-assurance — and obduracy — of the English version, which had long experience of upsetting monarchs, was an obvious shock. They decided to side-step the whole issue by unilaterally assuming the title of King of Great Britain by a Proclamation concerning the Kings Majesties Stile on 20 October 1604 announcing that they did "assume to Our selfe by the cleerenesse of our Right, The Name and Stile of KING OF GREAT BRITTAINE, FRANCE AND IRELAND, DEFENDER OF THE FAITH, &c." . This only deepened the offence. Even in Scotland there was little real enthusiasm for the project, though the two parliaments were eventually prodded into taking the whole matter 'under consideration'. Consider it they did for several years, never drawing the desired conclusion.
Opposition
In Scotland there were early signs that many saw the risk of the "lesser being drawn by the greater", as Henry VII once predicted. An example before Scottish eyes was the case of Ireland, a kingdom in name, but since 1601, a subject nation in practice. The asymmetric relationship between Scotland and England had been evident for at least a decade. In 1589, the Spanish Armada shipwreck survivor Francisco de Cuellar sought refuge in Scotland, as they had heard the Scottish king "protected all the Spaniards who reached their kingdom, clothed them, and gave them passages to Spain". However, following their six-month ordeal within the kingdom, they concluded "the King of Scotland is nobody: nor do they possess the authority or position of a king: and they do not move a step, nor eat a mouthful, that is not by order of the Queen (Elizabeth I)".
John Russell, lawyer and writer, an initial enthusiast for "the happie and blissed Unioun betuixt the tua ancienne realmes of Scotland and Ingland" was later to warn James:
Those fears were echoed by the Scottish Parliament, whose members were telling the King that they were "confident" that their plans for an incorporating union would not prejudice the ancient laws and liberties of Scotland; for any such hurt would mean that "it culd no more be a frie monarchie". James attempted to reassure their new English subjects that the new union would be much like that between England and Wales and that if Scotland should refuse, "he would compel their assents, having a stronger party there than the opposite party of the mutineers". In June 1604 the two national parliaments passed acts appointing commissioners to explore the possibility of "a more perfect union". James closed the final session of their first parliament with a rebuke to their opponents in the House of Commons: "Here all things suspected.... They merit to be buried in the bottom of the sea that shall but think of separation, where God had made such a Union".
The Union Commission made some limited progress, on discrete issues such as hostile border laws, trade and citizenship. The borders were to become the "middle shires". Free trade proved contentious, as did the issue of equal rights before the law. Fears were openly expressed in the Westminster Parliament that English jobs would be threatened by all the poor people of the realm of Scotland, who will "draw near to the Sonn, and flocking hither in such Multitudes, that death and dearth is very probable to ensue". The exact status of the post nati, those born after the Union of March 1603, was not decided by Parliament but in the courts by Calvin's Case (1608), which extended property rights to all the King's subjects in English common law.
National animosity
Scottish aristocrats and other placeseekers made their way to London to compete for high positions in government. Several years later Sir Anthony Weldon was to write:
A wounding observation came in the comedy Eastward Ho, a collaboration between Ben Jonson, George Chapman and John Marston. In enthusing over the good life to be had in the Colony of Virginia, it is observed:
Anti-English satires proliferated, and in 1609, the king had an act passed that promised the direst penalties against the writers of "pasquillis, libellis, rymis, cockalanis, comedies and sicklyk occasiones whereby they slander and maligne and revile the estait and countrey of England..."
In October 1605 Nicolò Molin, the Venetian ambassador in London, noted that "the question of the Union will, I am assured, be dropped; for Their Majesty is now well aware that nothing can be effected, both sides displaying such obstinacy that accommodation is impossible; and so their Majesty is resolved to abandon the question for the present, in hope that time may consume the ill-humours".
Symbols
King James devised new coats of arms and a uniform coinage. The creation of a national flag proved contentious, designs acceptable to one side typically offending the other. James finally proclaimed the new Union Flag on 12 April 1606: Scots who saw in it a St George's Cross superimposed upon a St Andrew's Saltire sought to create their own 'Scotch' design, which saw the reverse superimposition take place. (that design was used in Scotland until 1707). For years afterwards, vessels of the two nations continued to fly their respective "flags", the royal proclamation notwithstanding. The Union Flag entered into common use only under Cromwell's Protectorate.
See also
Commonwealth realm
Imperial Federation
References
Sources
Croft, Pauline (2003). King James. Basingstoke and New York: Palgrave Macmillan. .
Galloway, Bruce, & Levack, Brian, ed., (1985) The Jacobean Union, Six tracts of 1604, Edinburgh, Scottish History Society.
Willson, David Harris ([1956] 1963 ed). King James VI & 1. London: Jonathan Cape Ltd. .
Wormald, Jenny (1994). "The Union of 1603", in Scots and Britons, op cit.
External links
Union of the Crowns 400th anniversary − educational website
Ulster-Scots Agency.com: "1603 — The Union of the Crowns"
James VI and I
British monarchy
Scottish monarchy
Kingdom of England
1603 in England
1603 in Scotland
1603 in Ireland
History of Northern Ireland
Unionism in the United Kingdom
England–Scotland relations
Ireland–Scotland relations
17th century in England
17th century in Scotland
The Volga class is a class of Russian river passenger ships. It is named after the first ship in the class Volga, which in their turn was named after Volga River.
Three deck cruise ships built by Österreichische Schiffswerften AG at their shipyard in Korneuburg, Austria in 1970.
River cruise ships of the Austrian project Q-031
Overview
See also
List of river cruise ships
Valerian Kuybyshev-class motorship
Rossiya-class motorship (1952)
Rossiya-class motorship (1973)
Anton Chekhov-class motorship
Vladimir Ilyich-class motorship
Rodina-class motorship
Baykal-class motorship
Sergey Yesenin-class motorship
Oktyabrskaya Revolyutsiya-class motorship
Yerofey Khabarov-class motorship
Dunay-class motorship
Amur-class motorship
Dmitriy Furmanov-class motorship
References
River cruise ships
Ships of Russia
Ships of the Soviet Union
Austria–Soviet Union relations
Chavakachcheri ( Cāvakaccēri, Jāvakachchēri) is a large town in the Jaffna peninsula of Jaffna District, Northern Province, Sri Lanka. It may have Javanese origins, as the name "Chaavaka+cheari" literally means Javanese settlement (there are also some references to a Javanese fort in northern Sri Lanka). The town may date back to the Southeast Asian occupation of Yalpanam, where certain settlements and forts were established by Chandrabhanu to maintain hegemony over the overseas colony. The town is governed by an Urban Council. Chavakachcheri was badly devastated in the Sri Lankan Civil War. Today, the government and the people of Chavakachcheri have rebuilt the town, but the population remains drastically lower than the pre-war years.
The 111-year-old Chavakachcheri Hindu College, a high school, is a leading centre of education in the town.
References
External links
Javanese History, Spread of Javanese Rule from Madagascar to South Pacific
The Civil Wars of Sri Lanka during 13th to 15th Century
Wars waged for the Possession of the Tooth Relic
Chaavakachcheari Etymology
Towns in Jaffna District
Thenmarachchi DS Division
Jacqueline Law () (October 10, 1966 – June 30, 2012) was a Hong Kong television and film actor.
Background
Law's older brother Law Wai-ping was an actor for TVB during the 1980s. In 1987, Law launched their own acting career at the age of 17. Despite their lack of professional acting experience at the time, Law was cast in a lead role in the 1987 Hong Kong television series The Legend of the Book and the Sword. They portrayed Fok-ching-tung in the series, a television adaptation of Louis Cha's The Book and the Sword, which marked their first dramatic role.
Law was next cast in A Friend in Need, which co-starred Jaime Chik, Simon Yam, and Leon Lai.
Law dated Singaporean magnate and business person Liu Chee Ming for eleven years. The couple married in 2008.
Them diagnosis with pancreatic cancer led to their retirement from acting. Law held a farewell party in February 2012 before moving to Singapore with their husband for treatment. Guests, composed of twenty friends, included actores Kitty Lai, Sheren Tang, and Monica Chan. Law died at their home in Singapore on June 30, 2012, at the age of 45.
References
External links
1966 births
2012 deaths
Hong Kong film actores
Hong Kong television actores
TVB actors
Deaths from pancreatic cancer
The 2013 season was the San Diego Chargers' 44th in the National Football League (NFL), their 54th overall, and their first under head coach Mike McCoy. The Chargers finished the regular season with a record of 9–7, improving on their 7–9 record from 2012. Also, they qualified for the playoffs for the first time since 2009. The Chargers defeated the Cincinnati Bengals in the Wild Card round by a score of 27–10, but lost to the Denver Broncos in the Divisional round by a score of 24–17. This was the Chargers' final playoff appearance in San Diego. They did not play in the postseason again until 2018, after relocating to Los Angeles.
The new head coach, Mike McCoy, along with offensive coordinator Ken Whisenhunt, completed the Chargers' first winning season since 2010. Only two offensive coaches returned from 2012 in an overhauled coaching staff, and a revamped offensive system had quarterback Philip Rivers release the ball earlier and taking what opposing defenses conceded. Rivers was sacked 30 times, compared to 49 the previous year, and threw for 4,479 yards and 32 touchdowns while tying a career-high with a 105.5 passer rating. San Diego's rushing attack improved from the prior season's 1,461 yards and 3.6 yards per carry—tied for the second worst in the league—to 1,965 yards and a 4-yard average. Although they were speculated to have a poor, disappointing season, and getting off to a shaky start, the Chargers finished in the top eight of the overall standings. Rivers was named NFL Comeback Player of the Year, and Keenan Allen broke out into the national scene as a rookie sensation, breaking multiple wide receiver rookie records. Whisenhunt left at the conclusion of the season to become the head coach of the Titans.
Signings
Re-Signings
Departures
NFL Draft
Draft notes
Staff
Final roster
Schedule
Preseason
Regular season
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.
Postseason
Game summaries
Regular season
Week 1: vs. Houston Texans
With the loss, the Chargers started their season 0–1.
Week 2: at Philadelphia Eagles
Week 3: at Tennessee Titans
Week 4: vs. Dallas Cowboys
Week 5: at Oakland Raiders
This game was moved to an 8:35 pm. PDT kickoff, and from CBS to NFL Network as a "special edition" of Thursday Night Football, as extended time was required to convert the field back from its baseball configuration due to an Oakland Athletics American League Division Series game the previous night.
Week 6: vs. Indianapolis Colts
Week 7: at Jacksonville Jaguars
Week 9: at Washington Redskins
Week 10: vs. Denver Broncos
Week 11: at Miami Dolphins
Week 12: at Kansas City Chiefs
Week 13: vs. Cincinnati Bengals
Week 14: vs. New York Giants
Week 15: at Denver Broncos
Week 16: vs. Oakland Raiders
Week 17: vs. Kansas City Chiefs
Kansas City missed a field goal as with a few seconds left to send the game into overtime, where Nick Novak kicked the game winner. With the win, the Chargers finished the 2013 season with a record of 9–7 and clinched the second wild card spot, becoming the 6th seed entering the playoffs.
Postseason
AFC Wild Card Playoff Game: at #3 Cincinnati Bengals
With the Chargers defeating the Bengals, 27–10, they recorded their first playoff victory since 2008 and advanced to the AFC Divisional Playoff Game.
AFC Divisional Playoff Game: at #1 Denver Broncos
With the Chargers falling to the Broncos, the Chargers finished the season 10–8, their first double-digit winning season since 2009.
Standings
Division
Conference
Footnotes
References
External links
San Diego
San Diego Chargers seasons
San Diego
Nimax Theatres Ltd. is a theatre group owned and operated by Nica Burns and Max Weitzenhoffer. In July 2005, Weitzenhoffer and Burns announced they were forming Nimax to buy four of London's playhouses from Andrew Lloyd Webber, namely the Apollo Theatre, Garrick Theatre, Duchess Theatre and Lyric Theatre, taking control the following October. Additionally, Weitzenhoffer had already owned the Vaudeville Theatre since January 2001; it was transferred in September 2005 to the newly formed company.
In April 2012, Nimax purchased the Palace Theatre from Lloyd Webber.
In Autumn 2022, Nimax will open @sohoplace, the first newly-built West End theatre to open in 50 years
Theatres
The group owns and operates seven West End theatres:
Apollo Theatre
Duchess Theatre
Garrick Theatre
Lyric Theatre
Palace Theatre
Vaudeville Theatre
@sohoplace (opening 2022)
Notes
External links
Theatres in the City of Westminster
British theatre managers and producers
Companies based in the City of Westminster
James A. McKenzie (January 27, 1862 – February 20, 1918) was an American business person and politician.
Born in Vernon, Wisconsin, McKenzie went to Carroll College (now Carroll University) and was in the general merchandise business. They served a chairperson of the Vernon Town Board. They also served as assistant postmaster. McKenzie served in the Wisconsin State Assembly from 1905 to 1909 and was a Republican. McKenzie died in Vernon, Wisconsin.
Notes
1862 births
1918 deaths
People from Vernon, Wisconsin
Carroll University alumni
Businesspeople from Wisconsin
Wisconsin Republicans
Mayors of places in Wisconsin
Members of the Wisconsin State Assembly
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American businesspeople
DD Chandigarh is a TV channel owned and operated by Prasar Bharati under Doordarshan, supported by Doordarshan studios in Chandigarh. Launched in 1996 DD Chandigarh has entertainment serials, infotainment programmes, news and current affairs, social programmes and film programmes as its major content. In terrestrial mode, DD Chandigarh is available to 61.7% of the population of Chandigarh. Transmission of programs mainly in Hindi and Punjabi language for one hour a day i. e from 4:00 pm to 5:00 pm including 10 minutes of news on DD Punjabi.
See also
List of programs broadcast by DD National
All India Radio
Ministry of Information and Broadcasting
DD Direct Plus
List of South Asian television channels by country
External links
Doordarshan Official Internet site
Doordarshan news site
An article at PFC
Kannada-language television channels
Doordarshan
Foreign television channels broadcasting in the United Kingdom
Television channels and stations established in 1991
Direct broadcast satellite services
Indian direct broadcast satellite services
1991 establishments in Chandigarh
Variable may refer to:
Variable (computer science), a symbolic name associated with a value and whose associated value may be changed
Variable (mathematics), a symbol that represents a quantity in a mathematical expression, as used in many sciences
Variable (research), a logical set of attributes
Variable star, a type of astronomical star
"The Variable", an episode of the television series Lost
See also
Variability (disambiguation)
Adam Charles Peterson (born December 11, 1965) is an American former professional baseball pitcher. Peterson spent parts of five seasons in the majors between and with the Chicago White Sox and San Diego Padres of the Major League Baseball (MLB).
Peterson is a 1984 graduate of Timpview High School.
In 1989 they led the Vancouver Canadians, who at that time were the Triple-A affiliates for the Chicago White Sox, to victory in the Triple-A World Series, pitching 25 games and going 14-5 for the season with a 2.27 ERA, earning MVP honors as a result.
References
External links
1965 births
Living people
American expatriate baseball players in Canada
Baseball players from Long Beach, California
Birmingham Barons players
Chicago White Sox players
Gulf Coast White Sox players
Las Vegas Stars (baseball) players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Niagara Falls Sox players
Peninsula White Sox players
San Diego Padres players
Vancouver Canadians players
Stephen Payne is the name of:
Stephen Payne (lobbyist) (born 1964), American lobbyist
Stephen Payne (naval architect), British ship designer
Stephen Payne, science fiction editor at Starburst magazine, Visual Imagination and the Doctor Who Appreciation Society
Stephen Payne (soccer) (born 1997), American soccer player
Stephen Payne (actor), featured in A Crime or Neon Joe, Werewolf Hunter
Stephen Payne (author), writer of westerns for Ace Books, see List of Ace western double titles
Stephen Payne (Scottish footballer) (born 1983), Scottish footballer, see 2002–03 Aberdeen F.C. season
Stephen Payne-Gallwey (18th century), member of the English Society of Dilettanti
See also
Steve Payne (disambiguation)
The black-headed tanager (Stilpnia cyanoptera) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.
It is found in the northern highlands of South America (Andes of northeastern Colombia, Venezuelan Coastal Range and tepuis of southern Venezuela).
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland, and heavily degraded former forest.
References
black-headed tanager
Birds of the Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta
Birds of the Venezuelan Coastal Range
Birds of Venezuela
black-headed tanager
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Birds of the Tepuis
The 2013 season was the Dallas Cowboys' 54th in the National Football League, their fifth playing home games at AT&T Stadium (formerly known as "Cowboys Stadium") and the third full season under head coach Jason Garrett. The Cowboys finished 8–8 for a third consecutive season, but missed the playoffs for a fourth consecutive season after losing their final game for the third straight season, this time to the Philadelphia Eagles.
2013 draft class
Notes
The Cowboys traded their original first-round selection to the San Francisco 49ers in exchange for first and third-round selections.
The Cowboys traded their seventh-round selection to the Miami Dolphins for offensive lineman Ryan Cook.
Staff
Rosters
Opening preseason roster
Week one roster
Final roster
Schedule
Preseason
Regular season
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.
Game summaries
Week 1: vs. New York Giants
Week 2: at Kansas City Chiefs
Week 3: vs. St. Louis Rams
Week 4: at San Diego Chargers
Week 5: vs. Denver Broncos
Coming off their loss to the Chargers, the Cowboys hosted the Denver Broncos at home for an interconference duel. The Cowboys grabbed a 14–0 lead in the first quarter, with a 2-yard touchdown pass from quarterback Tony Romo to wide receiver Dez Bryant, followed by running back DeMarco Murray rushing for a 4-yard touchdown. The latter score occurred after a fumble by Broncos' wide receiver Eric Decker. The Broncos later got on the scoreboard, with quarterback Peyton Manning connecting on a 4-yard shovel pass to tight end Julius Thomas for a touchdown. Early in the second quarter, a 43-yard field goal by placekicker Dan Bailey gave the Cowboys a 17–7 lead. The Broncos then reeled off 21 unanswered points, with Manning adding two more touchdown passes — a 2-yarder to Decker and a 9-yarder to Thomas, followed by Manning rushing for a 1-yard touchdown on a bootleg play. A 48-yard field goal by Bailey at the end of the first half narrowed the Broncos' lead to 28–20.
In the second half, the Broncos added to their lead midway through the third quarter, with Manning connecting on a 2-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Wes Welker. However, the Cowboys subsequently began chipping away at the Broncos' lead, with Romo connecting on an 82-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Terrance Williams. A 48-yard field goal by placekicker Matt Prater gave the Broncos a 38–27 lead, but the Cowboys further narrowed the Broncos' lead, with a 2-yard touchdown pass from Romo to Bryant (with an unsuccessful two-point conversion attempt). Following an intercepted Broncos' pass, the Cowboys subsequently re-claimed the lead early in the fourth quarter, with Romo throwing a 10-yard touchdown pass to tight end Jason Witten, coupled with a two-point pass from Romo to Williams. The Broncos tied the game at 41–41 on their next possession, with a 50-yard field goal by Prater. As the shootout continued, on the Cowboys' next possession, Romo connected on a 4-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Cole Beasley to give the Cowboys a 48–41 lead with 7:19 remaining in the fourth quarter.
Manning subsequently led the Broncos on a 9-play, 73-yard drive, which culminated with running back Knowshon Moreno rushing for a 1-yard touchdown to tie the game at 48–48 with 2:24 remaining in the fourth quarter. Two plays into the Cowboys' next possession, as the Cowboys were attempting a game-winning drive, Romo was intercepted by Broncos' linebacker Danny Trevathan at the Cowboys' 24-yard line just before the two-minute warning. On the fourth play of the Broncos' final possession, the Broncos were facing a 3rd-and-1 at the Cowboys' 2-yard line, after the Cowboys had exhausted two of their three team timeouts. Moreno earned a crucial first down after Manning implored them to go down before reaching the goal line instead of scoring a touchdown, which forced the Cowboys to burn their final timeout with 1:35 remaining in the fourth quarter. After three kneel-downs by Manning, Prater nailed the game-winning 28-yard field goal as time expired. With the loss, the Cowboys moved to 2–3, and dropped to second place in the division. Romo passed for 506 yards in this shootout, and their 36 attempted passes is the fewest by any quarterback who managed to pass for 500 yards in one game.
Week 6: vs. Washington Redskins
Week 7: at Philadelphia Eagles
Week 8: at Detroit Lions
Dez Bryant was the topic of the close loss as they were engaged in several sideline rants throughout the second half.
Week 9: vs. Minnesota Vikings
Week 10: at New Orleans Saints
Week 12: at New York Giants
Dan Bailey's 34-yard field goal with 4 seconds left in the game gave the Cowboys their sixth win of the season. With the win, the Giants' four game winning streak was snapped and the Cowboys regained the top spot of the NFC East, remaining undefeated in the division.
Week 13: vs. Oakland Raiders
Thanksgiving Day game
Week 14: at Chicago Bears
Week 15: vs. Green Bay Packers
With the Packers coming off of their first win since the injury of Aaron Rodgers, the Cowboys lead 26–3 at halftime. In the second half of the game, the Packers managed a dramatic comeback that was helped by the mistake-prone Cowboys. The Packers scored the game-winning touchdown with almost a minute left in the game. Tony Romo tried to rally back and give the Cowboys a win, but threw an interception near the 50-yard line that sealed their fate. Controversy followed the game for the Cowboys giving up a 23-point halftime lead and the play-calling of the coaching staff.
Week 16: at Washington Redskins
After the loss to the Packers the week before, the Cowboys managed to hold the Redskins to only two field goals to lead 14–6 at halftime. In the third quarter, Kirk Cousins threw two touchdown passes to give the Redskins a 20–14 lead at the end of the 3rd. The Redskins extended their lead to 23–14 after another field goal. The Cowboys, in an attempt to not repeat the mistakes of the previous week, sent Dan Bailey out to kick a field goal to trail 23–17 in the 4th. At the 3:29 mark, the Cowboys went back to work to start at their own 13-yard line. Romo led the Cowboys downfield thanks in large part to a Terrance Williams 51 yard catch and then a Dez Bryant catch and run for 17 yards to set up first and goal at the Redskins' 4-yard line. DeMarco Murray carried the ball for all three plays (+3, no gain, −9). Facing 4th and goal at the Washington 10-yard line, Romo climbed the pocket and fired a pass to DeMarco Murray in the end zone to tie the game 23–23. With the extra point good, the Cowboys led 24–23 with 1:01 remaining in the game. Washington started their drive on their own 13-yard line after a 10-yard illegal block penalty negated what would have been a 21-yard return (to the Washington 23). Kirk Cousins and co. could not sustain their drive, totaling 4 yards on four passing attempts. The Redskins turned the ball over on downs with 40 seconds remaining in the game. Lining up in the victory formation, Tony Romo was able to kneel the ball down and run the clock out. With the win, the Cowboys advanced to 5-0 in the NFC East and kept their playoff hopes alive to set up a do-or-die at home versus the Eagles.
Romo was seen limping through most of the fourth quarter after rolling out of what would have been a sack by Redskins linebacker Rob Jackson. The Cowboys later confirmed injury reports of Romo suffering a herniated disc in their lower back. Despite statements that they would be ready to face Nick Foles and the Philadelphia Eagles for the NFC East Championship, Romo was placed on injured reserve. The Cowboys tried to delay surgery by administering an epidural injection two days prior to the anticipated game, but it was decided Romo needed the surgery and ended their season.
Week 17: vs. Philadelphia Eagles
The loss caused the Cowboys once again to miss out on the playoffs and gave them a 2–12 record in Week 17 games since 2000.
Standings
Division
Conference
References
External links
Dallas
Dallas Cowboys seasons
Dallas
2010s in Dallas
2013 in Texas
