Çamalan is a village in the District of Nallıhan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
Juriquilla is an affluent suburb within the limits of Santiago de Querétaro, Querétaro, Mexico. It was founded as a hacienda in the 18th century and became a golf course and residential area in the 1970s. It is some to the northwest of Mexico City and about north of central Santiago de Querétaro.
The city is on the Querétaro-San Luis Potosí City road. The former hacienda has been converted into a hotel.
History
The main building of the hacienda was built in 1707. By the end of the 18th century, the owner of the property was Pedro Antonio de Septién Montero y Austri, son of Agustín de Septién y Montero, from León, Guanajuato. Pedro Antonio moved from Guanajuato to Querétaro in their youth and became Alférez Real of the city for almost 37 years. They were also dean and mayor on many occasions. Pedro Antonio died in December 1814.
In the 19th century, the hacienda was bought by Timoteo Fernández de Jáuregui, who later sold it to Bernabé Loyola. This last one sold the property to Francisco Contreras and finally was bought by José Mario Romero, a wealthy business person from nearby San Juan del Río.
The hacienda was finally transformed into a hotel in 1992.
Features
UNAM - Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México, Juriquilla Campus (Neurobiology Institute, LIPATA: Institute of Engineering, Geosciences Center, LIIGH: International Laboratory for Human Genome Research, and CFATA: Applied Physics and Advanced Technology Center).
CINVESTAV - Centro de Investigación Avanzada del Instituto Politécnico Nacional.
UAQ - Universidad Autónoma de Querétaro.
UVM - Universidad del Valle de México, Campus Qro.
Bullfighting ring, with a capacity of 4000.
Plaza Náutica.
Golf course
Juriquilla Golf Course is an 18-hole championship golf course of 72 par and a hotel.
Holes are flat 18-hole course, and the yardage is 6794-6192-4842, Designed by Larry Hughes in 1977, its facilities include a clubhouse, a restaurant, a bar, tuition, a pro-shop, and a driving range.
It also has a smaller 9-hole executive golf course of 9 par 3 holes.
Real Estate
Juriquilla has always been known as a residential area. A ten-minute drive from downtown puts Juriquilla far enough to avoid the city common problems, such as traffic jams but close enough to enjoy all of the city's advantages. During the last decade, Juriquilla has slowly been recognized as an investment opportunity area, due to the prices of the land and the arrival of many people from Mexico City. However, Juriquilla's population has grown enough as to suffer from traffic problems when inhabitants leave their homes for their jobs, which are usually in Santiago de Querétaro or El Marqués, or when they return home.
Gallery
References
External links
http://www.queretaro.gob.mx/
http://www.queretaro.travel/
https://web.archive.org/web/20080917222001/http://www.juriquilla.org/
http://www.geociencias.unam.mx
http://sitios.iingen.unam.mx/lipata
Populated places in Querétaro
Adonis Idaliou was a Cypriot football club based in Dali. Founded in 1956, was playing sometimes in Second, in Third and in Fourth Division.
Honours
Cypriot Third Division:
Champions (2): 1978, 1984
Cypriot Fourth Division:
Champions (1): 1996–97
Cypriot Cup for lower divisions:
Winner (1): 2013–14
References
Association football clubs disestablished in 2015
Defunct football clubs in Cyprus
Association football clubs established in 1956
1956 establishments in Cyprus
2015 disestablishments in Cyprus
Just for a Song is a 1930 British musical film directed by Gareth Gundrey and starring Lillian Hall-Davis, Roy Royston and Constance Carpenter. It was made at Islington Studios. Some singing and dancing sequences were photographed in an early colour process, believed to be Pathécolor. This film is believed to be lost.
Main cast
Lillian Hall-Davis as Norma Wentworth
Roy Royston as Jack
Constance Carpenter as Jill
Cyril Ritchard as Craddock
Nick Adams as Agent
Syd Crossley as Stage Manager
Dick Henderson
Albert Rebla
Syd Seymour and Their Mad Hatters as Themselves
References
Bibliography
Wood, Linda. British Films, 1927–1939. British Film Institute, 1986.
External links
See also
List of early color feature films
List of lost films
1930 films
1930s color films
1930 lost films
British musical films
1930 musical films
British films based on plays
Films directed by Gareth Gundrey
Gainsborough Pictures films
Islington Studios films
British black-and-white films
Lost British films
Lost musical films
1930s English-language films
1930s British films
Dunans refers to a former estate in Glendaruel, Cowal, Scotland.
Structures with the name include:
Dunans Castle, formerly Dunans house.
Dunans Bridge, a Thomas Telford bridge, the latest of a number of bridges on the same site.
Clan Fletcher
The Fairy Faith is a Canadian documentary film, directed by John Walker and released in 2000. The film is an exploration of the history of fairy imagery and folklore.
A shorter television edition of the film premiered on February 10, 2000, as an episode of the CBC Television documentary series Witness, prior to a full 75-minute version premiering at the 2001 Hot Docs Canadian International Documentary Festival.
The film received a Genie Award nomination for Best Feature Length Documentary at the 21st Genie Awards in 2001.
References
External links
2000 films
2000 documentary films
Canadian documentary films
Films directed by John Walker
National Film Board of Canada documentaries
Films about fairies and sprites
2000s English-language films
2000s Canadian films
Corrhenes stigmatica is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Francis Polkinghorne Pascoe in 1863. It is known from Australia.
References
Corrhenes
Beetles described in 1863
A transformation mask, also known as an opening mask, is a type of mask used by indigenous people of the Northwest Coast and Alaska in ritual dances. These masks usually depict an outer, animal visage, which the performer can open by pulling a string to reveal an inner human face carved in wood to symbolize the wearer moving from the natural world to a supernatural realm. Northwest coast peoples generally use them in potlatches to illustrate myths, while they are used by Alaska natives for shamanic rituals.
Transformation
Transformation masks are used to embody the act of transforming. These transformations usually portray an animal becoming another animal or an animal transforming into a fabled creature.
Myths and animals
During ceremonies and rituals, the transformation masks would sometimes be used to transform indigenous people of the Northwest Coast into animals or mythic creatures. According to native legends, transformation was often related to supernatural creatures such as tricksters - typically a god or goddess who uses their knowledge to cause chaos among humans.
Potlatches and ceremonies
As a way of honouring the natural milestones of Native American life, the Kwakwaka'wakw people, a Native American tribe that originates in the Pacific Northwest Coast, celebrates Potlatch. Potlatch is a tradition that includes wearing transformation masks, singing, and dancing. The ceremony is meant to celebrate the rituals of name-giving, inducting a new chief of the tribe, and honoring a death or marriage.
Potlatch ceremonies were used to establish social order, distribute resources and convey information to the clan. Typically, these masks were carved by master carvers of the First Nations of the Pacific Northwest Coastal region.
The word “Potlatch” comes from the Chinook word “to give." Potlatch ceremonies were conducted in a big community space called the Big House. Frequently, these ceremonies involve the telling of the origin story of the first Nations' group or clan.
Settlers, missionaries and the Canadian government sought to end the Potlatch because they wanted the indigenous people to assimilate to Anglo-Saxon beliefs and customs. In 1884, the Canadian government started a ban on Potlatch ceremonies that lasted until 1969.
Materials and design
To make the masks, natural, organic materials are used such as red cedar bark and other types of wood that are commonly used by these tribes to construct buildings and other structures. The masks are usually made using a color palette of earthy tones such as red, blue, green, and black, though other colors are sometimes used as well. The colors are made by using plants and minerals that were available to them in their natural surroundings.
Modern transformation masks
While very little seems to be known about the original masks and how they were used, one artist, Shawn Hunt, wanted to recreate a mask with the assistance of modern technology. Transformation Mask, a 3D-printed, meter-long replica of the Raven was released in 2018 with the help of Microsoft Vancouver. The wearer of the mask experiences it opening and closing, along with ambient light and sound coupled with holographics.
Seattle Seahawks logo
Before the Seattle Seahawks took part in 2014's Super Bowl, Robin K. Wright, Curator of Native American Art at Burke Museum, questioned the inspiration behind the design of the American football team's logo. Wright met with Burke Museum Curator Emeritus Bill Holm, who then showed them a picture of a Kwakwaka'wakw eagle mask displayed in Art of the Northwest Coast Indians by Robert Bruce Inverarity. Wright noticed that the transformation mask was almost identical to the team's original logo from 1976.
When the Seattle Seahawks discovered a forgotten newspaper article in their database from 1975, John Thompson, the Seahawks General Manager from 1976 to 1982, officially confirmed the influence behind the design for the team's 1976 logo.
Marvin Oliver, an artist who once worked alongside Holm, was inspired by the football team's first logo and created a redesign in 1975 that followed a more traditional form of the northern Northwest Coast principles. During the creation of the logo's original design in 1975, traditional art from tribes such as Tlingit, Haida, Tsimshian and Kwakwaka'wakw were becoming more and more familiar along the Pacific Northwest Coast. The reason for the art's familiarity dates back to the 19th century. On steam ship trips, American travelers passed by totem poles, a popularity during this time. In 1899, a design was stolen from one of the poles and later became an icon for Seattle, Washington.
The original eagle mask that influenced the Seattle Seahawks' 1976 logo was discovered in the northeast side of Vancouver Island.
In 2014, The University of Maine's Hudson Museum held the original, eagle mask in their collection. Hudson Museum then heard news that Burke Museum was searching for the location of the inspired Seattle Seahawk's logo. Upon hearing this news, they offered the mask to Burke Museum. Shortly after the mask's arrival, Wright and their team of artists were accompanied by artist Bruce Alfred, a member of the Namgis Band of the Kwakwaka'wakw Nations, to examine the transformation mask.
Upon examination, the mask revealed marks that proved the origin of the mask, along with evidence that the mask was used in Native American ceremonies. The mask, presented as an eagle or thunderbird, was meant to portray an animal to human transformation.
Burke Museum in Seattle, Washington displayed the original transformation mask as part of an exhibit inspired by Native American artists from November 22, 2014, to July 27, 2015.
Gallery
See also
Masks among Eskimo peoples
References
Davidson, Sarah and Robert Davidson. Potlach as Pedagogy: Learning Through Ceremony. Portage & Main Publishing , 2018. Print.
Edson, Gary. Masks and Masking: Faces of Tradition and Belief Worldwide. McFarland, 2015. Print.
Garage, Microsoft and Shawn Hunt. "Transformation Mask." Leonardo, vol. 51 no. 4, 2018, p. 435-436. Project MUSE muse.jhu.edu/article/702032.
“Origin of the Seahawks Logo: The Story Unfolds.” Burke Museum, Burke Museum, 27 Jan. 2015, https://www.burkemuseum.org/news/origin-seahawks-logo-story-unfolds.
“The History of the Potlatch Collection.” U'mista Cultural Centre, www.umista.ca/pages/collection-history.
“Transformation Masks.” Khan Academy, Khan Academy, www.khanacademy.org/humanities/ap-art-history/indigenous-americas/a/transformation-masks.
Wright, Robin K. “The Mask That Inspired the Seahawks Logo.” Burke Museum, Burke Museum, 28 Jan. 2014, https://www.burkemuseum.org/news/mask-inspired-seahawks-logo.
External links
Entry on the website of the Minneapolis Institute of Arts
Canadian Museum of Civilization example
Alaskan example from the Smithsonian
Pacific Northwest art
Indigenous woodcarving of the Americas
Masks in the Americas
Astragalus kirrindicus is a species of milkvetch in the family Fabaceae.
References
kirrindicus
Taxa named by Pierre Edmond Boissier
Bieniowice () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kunice, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Legnica, and west of the regional capital Wrocław.
References
Villages in Legnica County
Operation Curtain (also referred to as Caravan war) was set of raids and ambushes conducted by Soviet spetsnaz troops to block the Pakistani-Afghan and Iranian-Afghani border during the Soviet–Afghan War.
Background
By the beginning of 1984, the USSR Armed Forces leadership was aware of the urgent need to block the caravan routes along which arms, ammunition, food and manpower were being transferred from Pakistan to the armed opposition units.
Until 1984, a small number of Soviet troops stationed in the eastern and southeastern provinces were engaged in constant raids in places of concentration of the enemy and the elimination of enemy weapons depots, which included:
56th Guards Air Assault Brigade – provinces of Paktia province and Logar province.
66th Motorized Rifle Brigade – provinces of Nangarhar province and Kunar Province.
70th Guards Motorized Rifle Brigade – provinces of Kandahar province and Helmand province.
191st Motorized Rifle Regiment – Ghazni province.
860th Motorized Rifle Regiment – Badakhshan province. Blocked the exit from Wakhan Corridor.
These formations were deployed at a relatively small distance from the border with their units dispersed along the main roads, slightly hampered the enemy's ability to transport goods.
The presence of a sufficient number of formations was required, which were to engage in the search and destruction of caravans. Soviet troops needed a transition from passive guarding of the main roads to active search and destroy operations along all possible routes.
In February 1984, the leadership of the Soviet Armed Forces made a decision to adopt a plan to create the "Curtain" border zone, the main task of which would be to block most of the caravan routes along which the Mujahideen were supplied from Pakistan. Later it was decided to expand the sphere of control in the western direction, to eliminate the supply of the enemy from Iran. This operation in the memoirs of many military men and in the works of military historians is often referred to as the 'Caravan war'. The operational group at the command post of the 40th Army, for the coordination and organization of the fight against caravans, received the same name "The Curtain"
The beginning of the plan was the redeployment in March 1984 to the eastern provinces of two spetsnaz formations formed in 1980, which had been part of the OKSVA since October 1981.
These detachments (combined battalions) were:
154th Spetsnaz Detachment – formed on the basis of 15th Spetsnaz Brigade in the city of Chirchik, Uzbek SSR. Relocated from Samangan to Jalalabad, Nangarhar province.
177th Spetsnaz Detachment – formed on the basis of the 22nd Spetsnaz Brigade in the city of Kapchagai, Kazakh SSR. Relocated from Gulbahor to Ghazni, Ghazni Province.
Separately from USSR, the 173rd Spetsnaz Detachment (military unit 96044) was deployed. It was formed on February 29, 1980 on the basis of 12th Spetsnaz Brigade, in Lagodekhi Georgian SSR, as part of the Transcaucasian Military District. This unit was originally formed in the likeness of Muslim battalions, and was to be deployed in Afghanistan in 1980. However, it was introduced only on February 10, 1984. By February 14, the 173rd detachment arrived at the place of permanent deployment in the city of Kandahar of the southern province of the same name.
The interception of caravans was carried out in two ways:
In the daytime – insertion of recon teams by helicopters, which checked the caravans for weapons and ammunition.
In the nighttime – the organization of ambushes on caravan trails.
Separately from the 154th, 173rd and 177th detachments, the 459th separate special-purpose company (or military unit 44633) operated, formed on the basis of the 15th brigade, which was stationed in Kabul from February 1980 year.
To install signal telemetry equipment, which helped to identify the advancement of caravans on remote mountain routes, the 897th Reconnaissance Company was attached from the 40th army with special equipment (military unit 41377). Artillery or aircraft raided the targets designated by forward observers, after which the area was examined by a damage assessment group sent by helicopters.
Reforming military intelligence
On November 11, 1984, a directive was issued in which the reconnaissance units of the 40th Army were reformed. Reconnaissance platoons were created in each motorized rifle, paratrooper, airborne assault and tank battalion of the 40th Army. As a result, the number of reconnaissance platoons in the 40th Army reached 146 units (including regimental reconnaissance companies and separate reconnaissance battalions of divisions).
In total, by December 1984, 11 motorized rifle battalions were involved in the implementation of Operation "Curtain". In the end the task of setting up ambushes fell on 3 reconnaissance battalions (650th, 781st and 783rd), 4 spetsnaz detachments (in September 1984, the 668th detachment will be added), 1 spetsnaz company, 20 reconnaissance companies from brigades and regiments and 73 reconnaissance platoons from line battalions, that is, 33 settlement battalions. These units could set up 180 ambushes at once. Taking into account the rotation, rest and training of units, as well as the capabilities of 34th Aviation Corps under the 40th army, no more than 30-40 ambushes were set up every day.
Expansion of special forces
By the middle of 1984, it became clear that 3 detachments and 1 special forces company are not enough to radically change the situation on the ground. More special forces were required. In addition to caravans coming from Pakistan, control over the border areas with Iran was required.
In June 1984, a decision was made to create an additional 5 more spetsnaz detachments. These included:
186th Spetsnaz detachment – formed on February 15, 1985 on the basis of 8th Spetsnaz Brigade, in Izyaslav, Ukrainian SSR, part of Carpathian Military District. Relocated on April 30, 1985 to Shahjoy, Zabul province.
334th Spetsnaz detachment – formed on January 13, 1985 on the basis of 5th Spetsnaz Brigade, in Maryina Gorka, Byelorussian SSR, part off Byelorussian Military District. Relocated on March 14, 1985 to the city of Asadabad District, Kunar province.
370th Spetsnaz detachment – formed on January 13, 1985 on the basis of 16th Spetsnaz Brigade, in Chuchkovo, Russian SSR, part of Moscow Military District. Relocated on March 21, 1985 to Lashkargah, Helmand province.
411th Spetsnaz detachment – was formed latter directly on the territory of Afghanistan in the period from November 19 to December 17, 1985, in the city of Shindand from elements of the 22nd Spetsnaz Brigade and 5th Guards Motor Rifle Division. Relocated on 25 December 1985 to Farahrud, Farah province.
668th Spetsnaz detachment – formed on August 21, 1984 on the basis of 9th Spetsnaz Brigade, in Kirovograd, Ukrainian SSR, part of the Kiev Military District. Relocated in September 1984 to Bagram, Parwan Province. By March 4, 1985, the detachment was redeployed to Souffla near Baraki, Logar province.
To coordinate the detachments, 15th and 22nd special-purpose brigades Headquarters from Turkestan Military District were relocated to Afghanistan. Newly formed logistics units and a special communications detachments were attached to each brigade. Staffing of brigades was almost 2,500 people. On May 15, 1988 (at the beginning of the withdrawal of troops), the personnel of the 15th brigade numbered 2,482 people. Of these, 302 officers and 147 warrant officers.
Aviation support
Both brigades received air support from the 40th Army air assets in the form of attached helicopter regiments and helicopter squadrons, which carried out the transfer of special forces and their fire support.
15th Brigade was assigned the 239th Helicopter Squadron – Mi-24 (16 units) Mi-8 (16 units) with a deployment in Ghazni.
22nd Brigade was assigned the 205th Helicopter Squadron – Mi-24 (16 units) Mi-8 (16 units) with a deployment in Lashkargah.
459th Company was assigned a helicopter squadron from the 50th Aviation Regiment, stationed in Kabul.
In addition, 15th and 22nd brigades were supported by:
280th Helicopter Regiment – Mi-6 (12 units) Mi-24 (22 units) Mi-8 (23 units), subordinated to 70th Motor Rifle Brigade.
292nd Helicopter Regiment – Mi-6 Mi-24 Mi-8, subordinated to 66th Motor Rifle Brigade.
335th Helicopter Regiment – Mi-24 (24 units) Mi-8 (24 units), subordinated to 56th Guards Air Assault Brigade.
Effectiveness
According to the estimates of the leadership of the 40th Army, in the period from March 1984 to May 1988, the result of the activities of the military personnel of special forces was:
killing of 17,000 mujahideen with a further 825 prisoners captured.
capture and destruction of 990 caravans with weapons and ammunition.
detection and destruction of 332 warehouses with weapons and ammunition.
According to military experts, the operation had limited success as it was only possible to intercept 12–15% of the total number of caravans. This came at a cost of 581 servicemen killed and missing during the operation from March 1984 to the end of April 1988:
15th Brigade – 355 killed and 10 missing.
22nd Brigade – 199 Killed and 1 missing.
459th Company – 16 killed.
Despite causing seemingly heavy casualties to the mujahideen, the conduct and professionalism of the GRU special purpose units was called into question by veterans of other elite Red Army formations. Among the officers of the Soviet Airborne Forces, not only was the training of special forces servicemen considered low, but also the quality of intelligence supplied to them by their sources, which was confirmed by the special forces officers themselves.
See also
Spetsnaz
Soviet Airborne Troops
References
Curtain
Curtain
Curtain
Curtain
Gérard Granel (; 1930 – 10 November 2000) was a French philosopher and translator.
Life and work
Born in Paris, Granel attended the lycée Louis-le-Grand and the courses of Michel Alexandre, Jean Hyppolite and, later, of Louis Althusser and Jean Beaufret. They taught in Bordeaux, Toulouse, and Aix, before being appointed professor of philosophy at the Université de Toulouse-Le-Mirail, a position they held from 1972 until their death.
Granel translated numerous philosophical texts into French, including work by Martin Heidegger, Edmund Husserl, David Hume, Giambattista Vico, and Ludwig Wittgenstein.
Granel was an important influence on a number of French philosophers, including Jacques Derrida, Jean-Luc Nancy and Bernard Stiegler.
Works
In French
Le Sens du temps et de la perception chez E. Husserl (Paris: Gallimard, 1968).
L'Équivoque ontologique de la pensée kantienne (Paris: Gallimard, 1970; second edition : Mauvezin: T.E.R, 2009).
Traditionis traditio (Paris: Gallimard, 1972).
De l'Université (Mauvezin: Éditions TER, 1982).
Cartesiana (with Bernard Bouttes) (Mauvezin: T.E.R, 1983).
Écrits logiques et politiques (Paris: Galilée, 1990).
Études (Paris: Galilée, 1995).
Apolis (Mauvezin: T.E.R, 2009).
In English
"Who Comes after the Subject?" in Eduardo Cadava, Peter Connor & Jean-Luc Nancy (eds.), Who Comes after the Subject? (New York & London: Routledge, 1991), pp. 148–56.
"Untameable singularity (some remarks on [ Reiner Schürmann's ] Broken Hegemonies)," Graduate Faculty Philosophy Journal 19/2–20/1 (1997), pp. 215–28.
In German
Die totale Produktion. Technik, Kapital und die Logik der Unendlichkeit, hrsg. u. eingeleitet v. Erich Hörl, aus dem Französischen von Laura Strack (Vienna & Berlin: Turia+Kant, 2020).
References and further reading
English
Books
Alexandru Polgár, The Difference between Heidegger's Concept of Market and That of Granel. See: http://www.gerardgranel.com/txt_pdf/Alexandru_Polgar_Difference_Int+chap%20I.pdf. Published in Romanian as Diferența dintre conceptul de producție al lui Heidegger și cel al lui Granel (Cluj: IDEA Design + Print, 2013). See: http://www.idea.ro/editura/ro/diferena-dintre-conceptul-de-pia-al-lui-heidegger-i-cel-al-lui-granel-d131.html.
Articles
Christopher Fynsk, "But Suppose We Were To Take 'The Rectoral Address' Seriously…On Gérard Granel's De l'université," Graduate Faculty Philosophy Journal 14/2 (1991), pp. 335–362.
Christopher Fynsk, "A Politics of Thought: Gérard Granel's De l'université," in The Claim of Language: A Case for the Humanities (Minneapolis: University of Minnesota Press, 2004).
Douglas Steward, "Gérard Granel's Other University Now". See: http://www.gerardgranel.com/txt_pdf/about_flight attendant.pdf.
French
Books
Jean-Luc Nancy, Élisabeth Rigal (eds.), Granel - l'éclat, le combat, l'ouvert (Paris: Belin, 2001).
Gérard Granel ou la rigoeur du dénuement (coll.) (Mauvezin: Éditions Trans-Europ-Repress, 2012).
L'Archi-politique de Gérard Granel (coll.) (Mauvezin: Éditions Trans-Europ-Repress, 2013).
German
Articles
Erich Hörl, "Die Problematik Granels", in Gérard Granel, Die totale Produktion. Technik, Kapital und die Logik der Unendlichkeit, hrsg. u. eingeleitet v. Erich Hörl, aus dem Französischen v. Laura Strack (Vienna & Berlin: Turia+Kant, 2020), 7-37.
External links
Gérard Granel website
1930 births
2000 deaths
Writers from Paris
Lycée Louis-le-Grand alumni
Continental philosophers
20th-century French philosophers
20th-century French translators
20th-century French male writers
French male non-fiction writers
John Hartley, , FAHA, , ICA Fellow, (born 1948) an Australian academic. They were formerly Professor of Cultural Science and the Director of the Centre for Culture and Technology (CCAT) at Curtin University in Western Australia, and Professor of Journalism, Media and Cultural Studies at Cardiff University. They have published over twenty books about communication, journalism, media and cultural studies, many of which have been translated into other languages. Hartley continues with CCAT as an adjunct professor ().
Early life
Hartley was born in London, England. They attended Sir Roger Manwood's School, and completed a Bachelor of Arts (with Honours) in English Language and Literature at the University of Wales in 1975. They moved to Australia in 1985.
Academic life
Hartley's career spans Wales and Australia (Western Australia and Queensland).
Hartley worked at the Polytechnic of Wales from 1975 to 1984, initially as a research assistant and tutor, and then as a lecturer in communication and cultural studies. From 1985 to 1995 they held a number of positions at Murdoch University, ranging from lecturer to Director of the Centre for Research in Culture and Communication. In 1990 they received a PhD in communications from Murdoch University. They were a professor at Edith Cowan University from 1995 to 1998.
From 1996 to 2000 Hartley was Head of the newly created Cardiff School of Journalism, Media and Cultural Studies at Cardiff University, and Director of its Tom Hopkinson Centre for Media Research. In 2000 they received a Doctor of Letters from the University of Wales.
In 1998 Hartley founded the International Journal of Cultural Studies, published by Sage Publications Ltd in London.
They were elected a Fellow of the Australian Academy of the Humanities in 2001.
Hartley was Dean of the Creative Industries Faculty at Queensland University of Technology from 2000 to 2005. They were an Australian Research Council (ARC) Federation Fellow and Research Director at the ARC Centre of Excellence for Creative Industries and Innovation at Queensland University of Technology from 2005 to 2010.
In 2006 they were made a Life Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts, having been a member since 1996.
In 2012 they became a Fellow of the International Communication Association.
Between 2012 and 2019 Hartley was Professor of Cultural Science and Director of the Centre for Culture and Technology at Curtin University, and Professor of Journalism, Media and Cultural Studies at Cardiff University.
In December 2012 they were recognised for their academic contributions by being awarded the title of John Curtin Distinguished Professor.
In 2014 the Queensland University of Technology announced the John Hartley Oxford Institute Summer Doctoral Programme Scholarship, to allow two students per year for the next five to six years to attend the Oxford Internet Institute's summer doctoral programme. The scholarship is funded in part by "a generous personal gift" from Hartley, matched by funds from the university.
Hartley leads the Digital Culture & New Media research program at Curtin University's CCAT.  They are also a member of CCAT's Indigenous Culture and Digital Technologies; New Models of Publishing; and Digital China Lab research programs. They continue, , as an adjunct professor with the centre.
Publications
Hartley has published over twenty books about communication, journalism, media and cultural studies, and over 200 papers. Their works have been translated into over a dozen languages.
They published their first book, Reading Television, in 1978. The book, co-authored with John Fiske, was the first to analyse television from a cultural perspective, and is considered a defining publication in the field. It sold over 100,000 copies, in seven languages.
Bibliography
(with John Fiske)
(with others)
(with Alan McKee)
(with others)
(with Alan McKee)
(with John Fiske)
(with Kelly McWilliam)
(Foreword, afterword)
(with others)
(with others)
(with Jason Potts)
Honours
In 2001 Hartley received the Centenary Medal for "service to Australian society and the humanities in cultural and communication studies".
Hartley was made a Member of the Order of Australia (AM) in 2009, for "service to education as an academic and commentator in the areas of journalism, culture and media studies".
References
Queensland University of Technology faculty
Australian non-fiction writers
Fellows of the Australian Academy of the Humanities
Living people
Semioticians
Curtin University faculty
Alumni of the University of Wales
Members of the Order of Australia
People educated at Sir Roger Manwood's School
Recipients of the Centenary Medal
1948 births
Grants High School is a high school in Grants, New Mexico, United States. It was founded in 1920 and is the only high school in Grants with over 700 students. Grants High School is a part of the Grants-Cibola County School District and also it serves the local communities of Acoma, Bluewater, Laguna, Milan, and San Rafael. The school's mascot is the Pirate (called the Angry Jack) and the colors are red and black. Grants High School is known for recruiting top upcoming basketball players around the state. Grant has had 4 transfers in the past four years.
Athletics and Activities
State Championships
References
Public high schools in New Mexico
Schools in Cibola County, New Mexico
Grants, New Mexico
Mort Abrahams (26 March 1916 – 28 May 2009) was an American film and television producer. Among their credits are nine episodes of spy series The Man from U.N.C.L.E. and, as associate producer, the films Doctor Dolittle, Planet of the Apes, Goodbye, Mr. Chips and Beneath the Planet of the Apes, co-writing the story of the latter.
Biography
Abrahams was the son of a stockbroker. Their interest in film was piqued while they worked at Bank of America that tasked them to try and sell several unsuccessful films that the bank had invested in to the television market. They began their career by producing several early science fiction series: Tom Corbett, Space Cadet (1950–55) and Tales of Tomorrow (1951-53); and then a live anthology series for General Electric Theater (1954–55) which included actors James Dean and Natalie Wood.
As a producer at Music Corporation of America in the 1950s, Abrahams was an executive producer on early TV shows including "Suspicion," "Kraft Suspense Theatre" and "G.E. Theatre," hosted by Ronald Reagan.
For Herbert B. Leonard Prods. and ABC, they produced the on-the-road adventure "Route 66" in 1962–63 and the spy-themed "U.N.C.L.E." in 1964–65. From 1969–71, they were vice president in charge of production at Ray Stark's Rastar Prods., which during their tenure produced 1970's "The Owl and the Pussycat." Abrahams joined the American Film Theatre company in 1972 as an executive, and they closed production on eight films – including John Frankenheimer's "Iceman" and the Katharine Hepburn-starring "A Delicate Balance" – in a span of 10 months.
In the 1980s, Abrahams worked on telefilms, including "Separate Tables" starring Julie Christie and "The Arch of Triumph" starring Anthony Hopkins. They worked as vp production in 1986 for World Media Prods. They later worked as producer-in-residence for the Center for Advanced Film and Television at the AFI, serving from 1989 to 1994.
Personal life
Abrahams was married to their college sweetheart Dorothy Abrahams; they had two children. They were pre-deceased by their son. Among their survivors is their daughter, Marjie Abrahams of RSA Films.
References
External links
Hollywood Reporter
Google Groups Obituary
1916 births
2009 deaths
American film producers
20th-century American Jews
American television producers
21st-century American Jews
An anxiotropic () agent is one that modifies anxiety, a human emotion that has homologous processes in animals. In psychopharmacology anxiotropic agents consist of two categories of psychoactive drugs: anxiolytics that reduce anxiety and may be used therapeutically, and anxiogenic compounds that increase anxiety.
Most anxiolytic agents are minor tranquilizers, the founding compound of which was meprobamate, marketed in the United States as Miltown. Meprobamate was eventually eclipsed by the benzodiazepines. The target of both categories of anxiotropic compounds is the GABAA receptor.
Globally, the two most widely used psychoactive drugs are anxiotropic agents: ethanol, an anxiolytic, and caffeine, an anxiogenic. While intake of both ethanol and caffeine has been shown to exert an anxiolytic effect, their withdrawal is associated with anxiogenic effects.
Uses in psychiatry
Anxiotropic agents are commonly used in the treatment of a variety of mental conditions, such as anxiety, insomnia, and panic disorder. Some common anxiolytics include lorazepam (Ativan), clonazepam (Klonopin), and diazepam (Valium). Benzodiazepines are generally preferred to barbiturates, as there is a wider therapeutic index, meaning there is a greater distance between therapeutic and toxic dosage levels. Anxiolytics can be prescribed on a daily basis or to be taken as needed.
See also
Anxiety
Benzodiazepines
References
Anxiety
Psychoactive drugs
USS Swan is a name the U.S. Navy has used for more than one of its vessels, and may refer to:
USS Swan (SP-1437), Maryland police boat, proposed, not used by Navy
, a ship in commission from as a minesweeper from 1919 to 1922, from 1923 to 1933, and from 1934 to 1936, and as a seaplane tender (redesignated AVP-7) from 1936 to 1945
, a minesweeper laid down as PCS-1438 and later redesignated YMS-470, in commission from 1944 to 1946 and from 1950 to 1955
References
United States Navy ship names
Yahya Sadeq Vaziri (,11 October 1911 in Sanandaj – 30 January in Tehran) was an Iranian politician who served as the Minister of Justice from January 7, 1979 to January 17, 1979.
References
1911 births
2013 deaths
Ministers of Justice of Iran
20th-century Iranian politicians
People from Sanandaj
Eric Illayapparachchi (born 16 December 1954) is a Sinhalese writer and poet. They wrote the libretto for Agni, an opera composed by Premasiri Khemadasa which had its premiere on 26 May 2007 in Colombo. One of their short stories was made into a television drama for the series Vinividimi Adura (Through the Darkness) on Sri Lanka's ITN network. Another of their short stories appears in an anthology of Sri Lankan stories in English translation (Ashley Helpe (ed.), A Lankan Mosaic, Three Wheeler Press).
Books
See also
Sri Lankan literature
Sources
Ajith Samaranayake, "The dark face of the new left", Sunday Observer (Sri Lanka), 23 January 2005.
Aravinda, "Caliban's mirror ", Daily News (Sri Lanka), 3 October 2001.
Chamikara Weerasinghe, "Fire on stage in opera", The Daily News (Sri Lanka), 25 May 2007.
Susitha R. Fernando, 'Vinividimi Andura' To enlighten Lankan teledrama, The Sunday Times (Sri Lanka), 18 February 2007.
K. S. Sivakumaran, "A Lankan mosaic", The Daily News (Sri Lanka), 31 December 2003.
Malini Govinnage, "Memorable literary discourses" (review of Sahitha Samaja Prathiroopa by Sashi Prabhath Ranasinghe, profiles of 20 prominent literary figures in Sri Lanka, including Eric Illayapparachchi), The Daily News (Sri Lanka), 30 June 2004.
External links
"Sonic canvas of Premasiri Khemadasa" by Eric
Agni Opera - official web site
1954 births
Living people
Sinhalese poets
Sinhalese writers
Sri Lankan novelists
The Tridente-class submarines, also designated as U 209PN, are diesel-electric submarines based on the Type 214 submarine developed by Howaldtswerke-Deutsche Werft GmbH (HDW) for the Portuguese Navy.
This class of submarines was acquired by Portugal to replace the previous submarines of the , then being operated by the navy. Originally, HDW proposed the Type 209 submarine (U-209) during the competition, but decided to later enter a new proposal based on the Type 214. It is for this reason that the Tridente class is commonly designated as the U 209PN.
The class and its ships are the first to not be named after marine animals, thus breaking a tradition retracing back to 1913, when the first submarine entered service with the Portuguese Navy.
Ships
The Tridente-class submarines are wrongly classed in the "diesel-electric" class. Their propulsion is exclusively electric, with electric motors powered by batteries. These batteries may be charged while submerged by "fuel-cells" (inverse electrolysis) for which, this submarine carries a huge supply of liquid oxygen and hydrogen. Also, and solely as a second solution for recharging the batteries, this submarine carries two powerful diesel-electric generators (1,000 KVA) for use only when surfaced, or at snorkel depth.
Submerged, from Lisbon, Portugal, submarines of the class may reach the Cape of Good Hope and return, in 15 days.
Image gallery
External links
Tridente class information at the Portuguese Navy website (in Portuguese)
209PN profile at the Portuguese Navy website (in Portuguese)
Submarino de ataque (SSK) classe Tridente (tipo U-214) - Área Militar (in Portuguese)
Acquisition history of the U-209PN class (in Portuguese)
Article about the differences between the U209, U212, U214 and U209PN (in Portuguese)
Attack submarines
Submarine classes
Submarines of the Portuguese Navy
Type 214 submarines
The 1977–78 BBC2 Floodlit Trophy was the thirteenth occasion on which the BBC2 Floodlit Trophy competition had been held. This year there was another new name added when Hull Kingston Rovers won the trophy by beating St. Helens in the final by the score of 26-11. The match was played at Craven Park (1), in Hull, East Riding of Yorkshire. The attendance was 10,099, and the receipts were £6,586.
Background
The Rugby Football League's BBC2 Floodlit Trophy was a knock-out competition sponsored by the BBC and between rugby league clubs, entrance to which was conditional upon the club having floodlights. Most matches were played on an evening, and those of which the second half was televised, were played on a Tuesday evening.
Despite the competition being named as 'Floodlit', many matches took place during the afternoons and not under floodlights, and several of the entrants, including Barrow and Bramley did not have adequate lighting. And, when in 1973, due to the world oil crisis, the government restricted the use of floodlights in sport, all the matches, including the Trophy final, had to be played in the afternoon rather than at night.
The Rugby League season always (until the onset of "Summer Rugby" in 1996) ran from around August-time through to around May-time and this competition always took place early in the season, in the Autumn, with the final taking place in December (The only exception to this was when disruption of the fixture list was caused by inclement weather)
Competition and results
This season Bramley, winners in 1973, did not enter the competition (they returned next year), but Batley joined the competition; thus the number of entrants remaining the same at twenty-two. The format remained as a knock-out competition from the preliminary round through to the final. The preliminary round involved twelve clubs, to reduce the numbers taking part in the competition proper to just sixteen.
Preliminary round
Involved 6 matches and 12 Clubs
Round 1 – first round
Involved 8 matches and 16 Clubs
Round 1 – first round – replay
Involved 8 matches and 16 Clubs
Round 2 – quarter finals
Involved 4 matches with 8 clubs
Round 3 – semi-finals
Involved 2 matches and 4 Clubs
Final
Teams and scorers
Scoring - Try = three (3) points - Goal = two (2) points - Drop goal = two (2) points
The road to success
This tree excludes any preliminary round fixtures
Notes
1 * Batley join the competition and play first game in the competition, and first at home in the competition. It was also their one and only game as they did not enter the competition again
2 * At the time this highest score and greatest winning margin, never to be beaten
3 * This match was televised
4 * Abandoned after 25 Minutes due to Fog - Second Half was due to be Live on BBC 2
5 * Craven Park (1) was the home ground of Hull Kingston Rovers from 2 September 1922 to 9 April 1989. The final capacity was estimated to be under 10,000 although the record attendance was 22,282 set on 7 October 1922 in a match against local rivals Hull FC. The stadium was demolished in 1989 and a new supermarket constructed for the Co-op, and now occupied by Morrisons.
See also
1977–78 Northern Rugby Football League season
1977 Lancashire Cup
1977 Yorkshire Cup
BBC2 Floodlit Trophy
Rugby league county cups
References
External links
Saints Heritage Society
1896–97 Northern Rugby Football Union season at wigan.rlfans.com
Hull&Proud Fixtures & Results 1896/1897
Widnes Vikings - One team, one passion Season In Review - 1896-97
The Northern Union at warringtonwolves.org
Huddersfield R L Heritage
BBC2 Floodlit Trophy
BBC2 Floodlit Trophy
Mount Vartdal is a 1,505 m tall snow-capped peak surmounting and forming part of the plateau escarpment along the east coast of Graham Land. It is situated 4 nautical miles (7 km) northeast of Karpf Point on the north side of Mill Inlet. It was charted by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS) in 1947 and named for Hroar Vartdal, a Norwegian polar bibliographer. This feature was photographed from the air during 1947 by the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition (RARE) under Ronne.
Mountains of Graham Land
Foyn Coast
The School of Visual Arts New York City (SVA NYC) is a private for-profit art school in New York City. It was founded in 1947 and is a member of the Association of Independent Colleges of Art and Design.
History
This school was started by Silas H. Rhodes and Burne Hogarth in 1947 as the Cartoonists and Illustrators School; it had three teachers and 35 students, most of whom were World War II veterans who had a large part of their tuition underwritten by the U.S. government's G.I. Bill. It was renamed the School of Visual Arts in 1956 and offered its first degrees in 1972. In 1983, it introduced a Master of Fine Arts in painting, drawing and sculpture.
The school has a faculty of more than 1,100 and a student body of over 3,000. It offers 11 undergraduate and 22 graduate degree programs, and is accredited by the Commission on Higher Education of the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools and the National Association of Schools of Art and Design.
The interior design BFA is accredited by the Council for Interior Design Accreditation, the art therapy MPS is approved by the American Art Therapy Association, and the art education MA is accredited by the Council for the Accreditation of Educator Preparation.
The current school logo was created in 1997 by George Tscherny for its 50th anniversary, and redesigned in 2013.
In 2019 the school began the process of converting to nonprofit, with the SVA alumni organization (which is already an IRS tax-exempt entity) planning to purchase the school from its owners, who are retiring.
Commencement speakers have included Susan Sontag, Carrie Mae Weems, Gloria Steinem and John Waters.
Continuing education
The continuing education division offers noncredit courses from most departments; a selection of advertising, branding, cartooning, copywriting, illustration and marketing courses taught in Spanish; professional development and corporate training courses; and summer residency programs.
The school offers short-term study abroad programs in various creative fields.
Location and campus
The school has several buildings in the Gramercy Park neighborhood, on Manhattan's east side, and in the Chelsea neighborhood, on the west side. There is a residence hall on Ludlow Street, in the Lower East Side. From 1994 to 1997, it had a branch campus in Savannah, Georgia; this was closed following a lawsuit from the Savannah College of Art and Design.
Library
The library holds books, periodicals, audio recordings, films and other media; the Milton Glaser Design Study Center and Archives, which comprises the collections of Chermayeff & Geismar, Seymour Chwast, Heinz Edelmann, Milton Glaser, Steven Heller, Ed McCabe, James McMullan, Tony Palladino, George Tscherny and Henry Wolf; and the SVA Archives, a repository for materials pertaining to the college's history.
West 21st Street buildings
The building at 133 to 141 West 21st Street, between Sixth Avenue and Seventh Avenue in Chelsea, has studios for drawing and painting classes.
The buildings at 132 and 136 West 21st Street have offices, classrooms and studios for art criticism, art education, art therapy, cartooning, computer art, design, illustration and writing. The building at 132 West 21st Street houses the Visible Futures Lab, a workshop featuring traditional and emerging fabrication technology, which regularly hosts artists in residence.
Theatre
The Theatre, also known as the SVA Theatre, is at 333 West 23rd Street, between Eighth Avenue and Ninth Avenue, in Chelsea.
The site was formerly called the 23rd Street Theatre, and served as the home of the Roundabout Theatre Company, from 1972 until 1984; when their lease expired, the venue was converted into a movie theatre, the Clearview Chelsea West Cinema.
It was purchased in 2008, renovated, and reopened in January 2009. Milton Glaser designed the theatre's renovated interior and exterior, including the sculpture situated atop its marquee. The facility houses two separate auditoriums, one with 265 seats and one with 480, and hosts class meetings, lectures, screenings and other public events. It has also hosted the red-carpet New York première of Ethan Hawke's The Daybreakers and a diverse list of world premières, ranging from Lucy Liu's 2010 feature documentary Redlight, to the 2011 Fox animated comedy Allen Gregory; and the 2012 film The Hunger Games. In 2013, Beyoncé held a release party and screening for their record-setting, self-titled visual album at the theatre. Community partners that have used the theatre include the Tribeca and GenArt film festivals, Mayor Michael Bloomberg's PlaNYC environmental initiative, and the Mayor's Office of Film, Theatre & Broadcasting. The theater is also home to the Dusty Film & Animation Festival, held annually since 1990, which showcases the work of emerging filmmakers and animators from the college's BFA Film and Video and BFA Animation programs.
Residence halls
There are several residence halls available for students at SVA, including:
23rd Street Residence (formerly New Residence), at 215 East 23rd Street, is an apartment-style dormitory reserved for new students.
24th Street Residence, is a 146,000-square-foot, 14-story residence hall that opened in August 2016. The site was purchased by Magnum Real Estate Group and 40 North in April 2015 for $32.25 million from the nonprofit International Center for the Disabled. It houses 505 residents in 242 suites, including office space, and serves as the flagship residence hall for the school.
Ludlow Residence, at 101 Ludlow Street (abutting Delancey Street), on the Lower East Side, opened in 2009. This tower has 259 single and 47 double rooms.
Former residence halls
George Washington Residence, at 23 Lexington Avenue (between 23rd Street and 24th Street).
Notable alumni and instructors
References
External links
Art schools in New York City
Culture of New York City
Animation schools in the United States
Design schools in the United States
Educational institutions established in 1947
For-profit universities and colleges in the United States
Graphic design schools in the United States
Universities and colleges in New York City
Universities and colleges in Manhattan
1947 establishments in New York City
Gramercy Park
Chelsea, Manhattan
For profit schools in Manhattan
Debbie Silvester is a British-Australian chemist who is a professor at Curtin University. Them research considers electrochemical processes and sensing. They have explored room-temperature ionic liquids. In 2021, they were awarded the Australian Academy of Science Le Fèvre Medal.
Early life and education
Silvester was born in Essex in the United Kingdom. They were an undergraduate student at the University of Bristol, where they earned a master's degree in 2005. They competed their third year project with Royce W. Murray at the University of North Carolina, USA. They moved to the University of Oxford for graduate studies, where they studied room temperature ionic liquids using electrochemistry. Them doctoral research was supervised by Richard G. Compton. After a two-month internship Schlumberger Cambridge Research Centre, Silvester joined Curtin University as a postdoctoral scholar.
Research and career
Silvester has studied the electrochemical behaviour of room-temperature ionic liquids, which can be used to sense toxic gases and explosives. The electrochemical interactions of ionic liquids can be used to detect gases such as ammonia and chlorine. Silvester has shown that ionic liquids that contain hexafluorophosphate ions cannot detect hydrogen chloride because they form hydrogen fluoride. Redox active explosive compounds including TNT can be detected using electrochemistry by monitoring the reduction of the nitro groups. They showed that the reaction mechanisms are different in ionic liquids to how they behave in water. In ionic liquids, the nitro groups undergo a 1 electron reduction, whilst in water they undergo a 6 electron reduction at every nitro group.
Owing to their large sizes and complexities of miniaturisation, electrochemical cells are inappropriate for real-world sensing applications. Silvester developed a variety of device architectures with planar electrodes, including screen printed, thin film and microarray thin film electrodes. To enhance the sensitivity of the devices, Silvester has proposed surface-modified electrodes (including platinum nanoparticles and electrodeposited porous nanostructures). This patterning improves the radial diffusion, allowing for sub ppm gas sensing.
Silvester showed that by combining their ionic liquids with poly(methyl methacrylate) it was possible to form a gel-like material that can remain stable in various orientations, making the devices much more robust and adaptable to the demands of gas sensing. Ionic liquid - PMMA blends can be used for the long term detection of high oxygen concentrations. Them room-temperature ionic liquids can also permit the detection of ions in water with high levels of sensitivity. They believe that this occurs due to void-assisted pairing between the protons within the ions of the water with the anions of the room-temperature ionic liquids.
Beyond ionic liquids, Silvester has developed mesoporous materials for hydrogen storage.
Awards and honours
2013 Royal Australian Chemical Institute electrochemistry division Alan M Bond Medal
2017 Royal Australian Chemical Institute analytical & environmental division Peter W Alexander Medal
2019 Australian Institute of Policy and Science WA Young Tall Poppy Award
2019 Royal Australian Chemical Institute Rennie Memorial Medal
2020 Analytical Scientist Power List
2020 Elected Fellow of the Royal Australian Chemical Institute
2021 Australian Academy of Science Le Fèvre Medal
2021 Royal Australian Chemical Institute Physical Chemistry Lectureship
2021 Women in Technology WA Awards: Tech [+] 20 winner, Outstanding STEM Educator and First Among Equals winner.
2021 Royal Society of Chemistry Analyst Emerging Investigator Lectureship
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
British women chemists
Australian women chemists
Curtin University faculty
Alumni of the University of Bristol
Alumni of the University of Oxford
Iproca is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae, containing the following species:
Iproca acuminata Gressitt, 1940
Iproca aoyamaorum Hasegawa & Ohbayashi, 2006
Iproca flavolineata Hayashi, 1971
Iproca ishigakiana Breuning & Ohbayashi, 1966
Iproca laosensis Breuning, 1968
Iproca pedongensis Breuning, 1969
References
Apomecynini
Cerambycidae genera
The Narcotic Farms Act of 1929 is a United States federal statute authorizing the establishment of two narcotic farms for the preventive custody and remedial care of individuals acquiring a sedative dependence for habit-forming narcotic drugs. The United States public law designated the construction of the narcotic dependent treatment facilities, which became known as the United States Public Health Service Hospitals, with the first infirmary opening in 1935 at Lexington, Kentucky, while the second infirmary opened in 1938 at Fort Worth, Texas.
The H.R. 13645 legislation was passed by the U.S. 70th Congressional session and enacted into law by President Calvin Coolidge on January 19, 1929.
Repeal of Narcotic Farms Act of 1929
The 1929 United States public law was repealed by the enactment of the Public Health Service Act on July 1, 1944.
Abolishment of narcotic farms
By 1975, the two narcotic farm establishments had been abrogated as a national anti-narcotic treatment program in the rural United States. The narcotic farm concept was abandoned due to advancement in medication treatment along with the United States legislative policies regarding narcotic sedative dependence.
Anti-narcotic treatment
Drug detoxification
Methadone
Methadone maintenance
Naloxone (1961)
Naltrexone (1967)
Anti-narcotic legislative policies
Narcotic Addict Rehabilitation Act of 1966
Alcoholic and Narcotic Addict Rehabilitation Amendments of 1968
Community Mental Health Centers Amendments of 1970
Narcotic Addict Treatment Act of 1974
See also
Anti-Heroin Act of 1924
Community Mental Health Act
Deinstitutionalisation
Federal Bureau of Narcotics
Federal Correctional Institution, Fort Worth
Harry J. Anslinger
Hugh S. Cumming
Narcotic Drugs Import and Export Act
Narcotics Manufacturing Act of 1960
References
United States Narcotic Farm Pictorial Biography
External links
1929 in law
1929 in the United States
70th United States Congress
Drug policy of the United States
History of drug control
Pseudonannolenidae is a family of millipedes belonging to the order Spirostreptida.
Genera:
Cambalomma Loomis, 1941
Epinannolene Brölemann, 1903
Holopodostreptus Carl, 1913
Phallorthus Chamberlin, 1952
Physiostreptus Silvestri, 1903
Pseudonannolene Silvestri, 1895
Typhlonannolene Chamberlin, 1923
References
Spirostreptida
The Christian University of Indonesia (UKI, or Universitas Kristen Indonesia) is a private university located in Jakarta, Indonesia. It was established on October 15, 1953 with its main campus – Campus A – located in Central Jakarta. Campus B is in Cawang, East Jakarta.
The university comprises two tertiary levels of education, undergraduate and postgraduate.
History
Founding and early history
Shortly after the independence of Indonesia on August 17, 1945, national figures who were also prominent leaders in the Indonesian Christian community were compelled to establish The Church Council of Indonesia (DGI: Dewan Gereja Indonesia).
DGI formed a commission to assess the importance of establishing a university, led by Prof. Dr. I.P. Simandjuntak. As the result, DGI issued a resolution of Universiteit Kristen (a Christian-based-faith university) on June 30, 1953. The resolution, signed by Ds. W.J. Rumambi as the Secretary General of DGI in general session from June 20 to 30 of 1953, asked all churches and Christian people in Indonesia to help the completion of Universiteit Kristen morally or financially.
Indonesian Christian prominent leaders such as Mr. Todung Sutan Gunung Mulia, Mr. Yap Thiam Hien, and Benjamin Thomas Philip Sigar, on behalf of the churches incorporated in DGI, established a Christian university of Indonesia (Yayasan Universitas Kristen Indonesia ) on July 18, 1953. Its membership was expanded with the support of Elviannus Katoppo, Ong Jan Hong, Aminudin Pohan, Seri Condar Nainggolan, Benjamin Prawirohadmodjo, Rev. Komarlin Tjakraatmadja, Gerrit Siwabessy, Tan Tek Heng, and J.C.T. Simorangkir. Three months later, on October 15, 1953, Universitas Kristen Indonesia was officially established with the faculties of Language and Philosophy, and Economics. During those first days, campus life and administration were held at HSK on Jalan Diponegoro 86 and at three apartments on Jalan Salemba 10.
The Faculty of Law was created in 1956, Medicine in 1962, Engineering in 1963, and Social and Political Science in 1994.
Campuses
There are two campuses:
Postgraduate Campus
Located on Jalan Diponegoro, Central Jakarta
Graduate & Undergraduate Campus
Located on Jalan Mayjen Sutoyo No. 2, Cawang, East Jakarta.
Organization
University
Dr. Dhaniswara K.Harjono, SH., MH., MBA is the rector of The Christian University of Indonesia.
Schools and colleges
UKI is organized into schools and colleges, each with a different dean and organization:
Faculties
Faculty of Law
Faculty of Social and Political Science
Faculty of Economics
Faculty of Education
Faculty of Engineering
Faculty of Letters
Faculty of Medicine
Faculty of Vocational Studies
Post-Graduate schools
Master Program for Education
Master Program for Law
Master Program for Christian Religious Education
Master Program for Management
Master Program for Electrical Engineering
Master Program for Architecture
Doctoral Program for Law
Doctoral Program for Christian Religious Education
References
External links
Universitas Kristen Indonesia
Ranking
Educational institutions established in 1953
Universities in Indonesia
Universities in Jakarta
1953 establishments in Indonesia
Private universities and colleges in Jakarta
Association of Christian Universities and Colleges in Asia
The Krupp Protze (officially L 2 H 43 and L 2 H 143) was a six-wheeled 6x4 German truck and artillery tractor produced between 1934 and 1941 and heavily used in World War II. It was powered by a 4-cylinder, 55 hp or, from 1936, 60 hp Krupp M 304 petrol engines. Its main purpose was to tow artillery, especially the 3.7 cm Pak 36 anti-tank gun (designated Kfz 69), and transport motorized infantry (designated Kfz 70).
This vehicle was extensively used on the Eastern Front, during the North African campaign and in France and Sicily. The "Krupp-Protze" was of relatively advanced design. Its fuel consumption was relatively high (24 Litres / 100 km on road) in comparison to the comparable Opel Blitz 1.5 t truck (16.5 liters / 100 km, produced 1938 - 1942).
Total production was about 7,000 units.
Variants
A successful design, the Krupp-Protze was converted into several variants:
Kfz.19
Telephone truck
Kfz.21
Staff car
Kfz.68
Radio mast carrier
Kfz.69
Standard configuration for towing the 3.7 cm Pak 36 anti-tank gun. Carried 2 in front with 4 in a pair of forwards and rear facing seats.
Kfz.70
Standard configuration for personnel carrying. carried 2 in front with 10 seated in the rear on benches.
Kfz.81
Ammo carrier conversion for 2 cm FlaK anti-aircraft gun, usually towed
Kfz.83
Generator carrier for anti-aircraft searchlight, usually towed
Sd.Kfz. 247 Ausf. A
armoured personnel carrier, six-wheeled version, only 20 built in 1937; production went to Daimler-Benz, who built the Ausf. B four-wheeled version in 1941 and 1942.
Sometimes anti-tank (37 mm Pak 36) and anti-air (2 cm Flak) guns were mounted directly on the truck bed (Portée).
See also
List of World War II military vehicles of Germany
List of Sd.Kfz. designations
Notes
References
External links
Pictures at Olive-Drab.com
Pictures and technical data
Pictures of a Krupp-Protze carrying a PaK 36
Info and pictures about Krupp Protze
World War II vehicles of Germany
Military trucks of Germany
Military vehicles introduced in the 1930s
Military vehicles of Germany
Sartorio may refer to:
Three brothers from Venice:
Antonio Sartorio (1630–1680), Venetian composer
Gasparo Sartorio (1625–1680), Venetian composer
Girolamo Sartorio (died 1707), Venetian architect
Antoine Sartorio (1885–1988), French sculptor
Giulio Aristide Sartorio (1860–1932), Italian painter
See also
Museo Sartorio, Trieste
Italian-language surnames
Wrong Way Up is a 1990 album by Brian Eno and John Cale.
The album sits between the electronic, prog-rock and art rock genres and features some of both Eno and Cale's most mainstream work. The cover was conceived by Eno. The 2005 re-release on All Saints Records was remastered and had a different cover, but reverted to the original in 2020. It contains two bonus tracks, "Grandfather's House" and ″You Don't Miss Your Water″ by Eno. Both titles only appeared on single or EP before; the latter was taken from the 1988 OST album Married to the Mob.
Reception
Trouser Press praised the album, calling it "an absolutely wonderful pop record, a subversion of Top 40 formulae to the pair's own idiosyncratic (but utterly accessible) ends." In a retrospective review, Pitchfork called it "an album of contention, contrasts, cycles, and pop songs so layered and euphoric it ranks among the best albums either artist has ever made."
Track listing
All tracks written by John Cale and Brian Eno; except where indicated.
Original 1990 release
Side A
"Lay My Love" – 4:44
"One Word" – 4:34
"In the Backroom" – 4:02
"Empty Frame" – 4:26
"Cordoba" – 4:22
Side B
"Spinning Away" – 5:27
"Footsteps" – 3:13
"Been There, Done That" – 2:52
"Crime in the Desert" – 3:42
"The River" (Brian Eno) – 4:23
Bonus tracks on 2005 remaster
UK & rest of the world
"Grandfather's House" (John Cale)
"You Don't Miss Your Water" (William Bell)
US
"You Don't Miss Your Water" (William Bell)
"Palanquin" (John Cale)
Singles
"Been There, Done That" b/w ?, 1990 US ?
"Spinning Away" b/w "Grandfather's House", 1990 German 7"
"Spinning Away (edit)" b/w "Grandfather's House" / "Palanquin", 1990 German 12" & CD-single
"One Word" b/w "Grandfather's House" / "Palanquin", 1990 UK 12" & CD-single
"One Word" (edit) / "Empty Frame" / "You Don't Miss Your Water" / "One Word" (The Woodbridge Mix) / "Grandfather's House", 1991 US CD-EP
Promotional tracks
In the early 1990s, Warner Bros. US released a series of promotional-only 7" colored vinyl split-artist EPs called Soil Samples. Each side of these 7"ers would have unreleased tracks from the sessions of the artist's record these promos were ostensibly promoting.
Soil Samples #3 had unreleased tracks by House of Freaks on one side, and two unreleased cuts from the Eno/Cale Wrong Way Up sessions on the other side: a cover of "Ring of Fire" with vocals by Eno, and the instrumental "Shuffle Down to Woodbridge", apparently Cale solo.
To date, neither of these has been issued on CD, or anywhere else except this promotional 7".
Personnel
John Cale – lead vocals (2, 3, 5, 7, 8, 9), backing vocals, pianos, keyboards, bass, harp, horn, dumbek, viola, strings, omnichord
Brian Eno – lead vocals (1, 2, 4, 6, 9, 10), backing vocals, keyboards, rhythm bed, Indian drum, guitars, Shinto bell, bass, little Nigerian organ, cover picture
Robert Ahwai – rhythm guitar
Nell Catchpole – violins
Rhett Davies – backing vocals
Daryl Johnson – bass
Ronald Jones – tabla, drums
Bruce Lampcov – backing vocals
Dave Young – guitars, bass
Technical
Recordings engineered by Brian Eno, except John Cale's vocals recordings, which were engineered by Dave Young
Rhett Davies, Bruce Lampcov, Brian Eno – mixing
Brian Eno, Kevin Cann – art, design
References
Brian Eno albums
John Cale albums
1990 albums
Albums produced by John Cale
Albums produced by Brian Eno
Collaborative albums
All Saints Record albums
Roibal, also spelled Roybal and Ruibal, is a Galician surname, later introduced into the Americas . It has its origin in the hamlet of Ruibal, in the municipality of Moraña, Galicia, Spain where 3% of the inhabitants are surnamed Ruibal.
In Galicia, the surname is in use at least since the 14th century.
History
In the Americas, the name first appears in documents dating to around 1675. One of the first recorded instances is that of Ignacio Roibal, a soldier who traveled with Don Diego de Vargas to reconquer the city of Santa Fe, New Mexico from the Native Americans after the Pueblo Revolt of 1680. Fray Angélico Chávez, a New Mexico historian, is also a descendant of the New Mexico Roibal lineage and was one of the first to trace it. Many Roibals (Roybals) trace their ancestry to the New Mexico cities of Santa Fe, Pojoaque, El Rancho, Jacona, to the San Ildefonso Pueblo, where it is shared by Native Americans, and to the historical area of Cuyumungue.
Notable people with the last name Roybal
Alfonso Roybal (also known as Awa Tsireh), San Ildefonso Pueblo artist and painter
Antonio Roybal, American painter and sculptor
Edward R. Roybal (1916–2005), American politician, Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from California
Josefa Roybal, 20th-century Native American artist
Lucille Roybal-Allard, American politician
Patricia Roybal Caballero, American politician from New Mexico
Sources
Notes and References
Surnames
Ras Doumeira (Cape Doumeira) (, ) is a geographic cape that extends into the Red Sea, towards the Doumeira Islands. The area is shared by Djibouti and Eritrea, and was the subject of a 2008 border dispute between the two countries.
References
Geology of Djibouti
Geology of Eritrea
Peninsulas of Eritrea
Exosquad is an American animated television series created by Universal Cartoon Studios for MCA TV's Universal Family Network syndicated programming block as a response to Japanese anime. The show is set in the beginning of the 22nd century and covers the interplanetary war between humanity and Neosapiens, a fictional race artificially created as workers/slaves for the Terrans. The narrative generally follows Able Squad, an elite Terran unit of mecha pilots, on their missions all over the Solar System, although other storylines are also abundant. The series ran for two complete seasons in syndication from 1993 to 1994, and was cancelled after one third-season episode had been produced. Reruns later aired on the USA Network.
Series overview
Episodes
Season 1 (1993)
Season 2 (1994)
References
External links
Exosquad
Exosquad
Kelvin Skidmore Matthewson Thomas (14 September 191914 June 2019) was a Welsh conductor, composer, baritone, and author. They were the founder and conductor of The Silver Ring Choir of Bath, and one of the founders and first music director of the Bradford-on-Avon Choral Society.
Background
Born in Grangetown, Cardiff, Wales, Kelvin was one of the five children of the coal merchant Charles Thomas and their wife Lena Thomas. They received musical training from an early age from their musical parents.
As a boy soprano from the age of five, in 1931 (aged twelve) they had a test recording for the Concord record label (the recording was never released). In 1927, the Thomas family removed from Cardiff to Bathampton near Bath, Somerset, and were later involved in the building of Bathampton Methodist Church. During their early years of performances, Thomas once performed in the same concert as the American actor and bass baritone Paul Robeson at the Colston Hall, Bristol.
Having continued their musical studies (also playing the violin and piano) throughout their early years, and their interest in singing continued as a baritone (rather than soprano). After a period employed in their father's business as a coal merchant, they worked for the Engineering firm, Stothert and Pitt.
Musical Activities
The Silver Ring Choir of Bath
In 1951, they founded the mixed voice chamber choir, The Silver Ring Choir of Bath, and was their Conductor and Musical Director for almost forty years (1951–90). During this time, the Choir featured regularly on BBC Radio and Television (1958–94), achieving great success and winning numerous competitions, including first in its class in the National Eisteddfod of Wales. The Choir also toured various countries including Germany (1961), Hungary (1971), and the United States (1976).
Bradford-on-Avon Choral Society
In 1986, when the pianist Gaynor Briscoe was founding the Bradford-on-Avon Choral Society, they invited them to become the Society's first Musical Director, a post which they filled for eight years (1986–94). From initial performances of part songs, anthems, and madrigals, the choir progressed to performing works such as Haydn's Creation, Mendelssohn's Elijah, and Brahms's German Requiem, and later participated in annual Trowbridge and West Wiltshire Music Festivals, amongst others. Thomas also arranged and composed numerous pieces of music for these – and other – choirs (SATB), including many traditional Welsh and other melodies. One of their compositions was Samuel's Hymn, which they later recorded with The Silver Ring Choir of Bath.
Other activities
In addition to being a poet and composer, Thomas was also involved in several local and civic societies and organisations, including the Bathampton Historical Society, and was the author of works on local history. Thomas's lifelong involvement with Bathampton Methodist Church and musical career culminated, in 2013, in a fundraising concert held in their honour entitled My Life in Music during which their music, poetry, and compositions were performed. In 2017, aged 98, they again performed with The Silver Ring Choir of Bath in a Christmas Concert.
Awards
Thomas's notable local, national, and international activities and contribution to Music was recognised in their appointment as a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 1981 New Year Honours List.
Personal life
In 1942, Thomas married Megan Jones (1921–2012), and they had five children (two boys and three girls). Singing on the weekend before they died, Thomas died, aged 99, at the Royal United Hospital, Bath, on 14 June 2019.
Bibliography
Books
Musical arrangements
Compositions
Discography
References
External links
2019 deaths
British male conductors (music)
Musicians from Cardiff
21st-century British conductors (music)
20th-century composers
British composers
20th-century British musicians
1919 births
Welsh conductors (music)
Music directors
Members of the Order of the British Empire
21st-century composers
21st-century British musicians
20th-century British male musicians
21st-century British male musicians
Caitlin Tiffany Glass (born November 16, 1981) is an American voice actor, ADR director, and scriptwriter at Funimation, New Generation Pictures and Bang Zoom! Entertainment who provides voices for English versions of Japanese anime series and video games.
Biography
Caitlin Tiffany Glass was born on November 16, 1981 in Washington D.C., the daughter of Helen Glass. Glass grew up in the San Diego area and attended middle school and high school in Escondido, California. Glass graduated magna cum laude from the University of Texas at Arlington with a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Theatre Arts in 2004.
While still a college student, Glass went on a Funimation studio tour and was hired the same day by voice director Eric Vale. Them first roles were bit parts in Case Closed until they landed the role of Hiyono Yuizaki in Spiral. Glass then went on to voice Triela in Gunslinger Girl.
One of Glass's most notable roles is Winry Rockbell in the English-language adaptation of the Fullmetal Alchemist anime. Glass was cast as Winry, even though they never thought to audition for the role. Glass tried out for Al, Rose, Lust, and Riza Hawkeye; it was their audition for the character of Rose and their previous "hyper" Hiyono voice in the Spiral series that booked them the role, after reading only a single line of Winry's dialogue. Glass reprised their role in the second anime series, Brotherhood.
Glass's other notable roles include Nefertari Vivi in the Funimation dub of One Piece, Kaori Misaka in Kanon, Yakumo Tsukamoto in School Rumble, Saya Minatsuki in Black Cat, Hinata Hino in Future Diary, Accela Warrick in Solty Rei, Eleonora Viltaria in Lord Marksman and Vanadis and Satellizer L. Bridget in Freezing. They can also be heard in Negima!, Kodocha, The Galaxy Railways, Sakura Taisen: Ecole de Paris, and Lupin III OVAs. In addition to their voice work at Funimation, they have also done work for New Generation Pictures and Bang Zoom! Entertainment in California.
In 2006, Glass began their first major ADR directing project, Suzuka and is one of a select few directors working on One Piece. In 2008, they directed the English version of Ouran High School Host Club and played the lead role of Haruhi Fujioka in the show. Along with directing, Glass has sung on theme songs for Funimation dubs.
Personal life
Glass is married to Tony Patterson. They live in Dallas. Outside of voice acting, they have worked as an ESL teacher in Spain.
Filmography
Anime
Films
Video games
Animation
References
External links
(archive to 2012)
Caitlin Glass at the English Voice Actor & Production Staff Database
1981 births
Living people
Actresses from Dallas
Actresses from Madrid
Actresses from San Diego
Actresses from Washington, D.C.
American expatriates in Spain
American film actores
American television actores
American video game actores
American voice actores
People from Arlington, Texas
People from Escondido, California
People from Washington, D.C.
University of Texas at Arlington alumni
American voice directors
21st-century American actores
The women's team competition of the table tennis event at the 2007 Southeast Asian Games will be held from 3 to 5 December 2007 at the Klang Plaza in Nakhon Ratchasima, Thailand.
Schedule
All times are Thailand Time (UTC+07:00).
Results
Preliminary round
Pool 1
Pool 2
Knockout round
Semifinals
Gold medal match
References
External links
2007 Southeast Asian Games events
2007 in table tennis
2007
A Pilot Returns (Italian: Un pilota ritorna) is a 1942 Italian war film directed by Roberto Rossellini and starring Massimo Girotti, Michela Belmonte and Piero Lulli. The film forms part of Rossellini's "Fascist trilogy" along with The White Ship (1941) and The Man with a Cross (1943). It was made with the co-operation of the Italian Air Force. The film's sets were designed by the architect Virgilio Marchi.
Synopsis
During the 1940-1941 Italian invasion of Greece, an Italian pilot is shot down and captured by British forces who place them in a prisoner-of-war camp. While there they meet and falls in love with a young Italian woman who has volunteered to care for the prisoners. After escaping from the British, they manage to steal a plane and return to Italy for further duty. On their arrival they learn that Greece has been successfully conquered by the Axis Powers.
Cast
Massimo Girotti as Gino Rossati
Michela Belmonte as Anna
Piero Lulli as De Santis
Gaetano Masier as Trisotti
Elvira Betrone as Signora Rossati
Piero Palermini as English Official
Giovanni Valdambrini as medico
Nino Brondello as Vitali
Jole Tinta as madre
References
Bibliography
Bondanella, Peter. The Films of Roberto Rossellini. Cambridge University Press, 1993.
Haaland, Torunn. Italian Neorealist Cinema. Edinburgh University Press, 2012.
External links
1942 films
Italian war drama films
Italian black-and-white films
1942 drama films
1940s war drama films
1940s Italian-language films
Films directed by Roberto Rossellini
Italian aviation films
World War II films made in wartime
Films set in Greece
Greco-Italian War
Films scored by Renzo Rossellini
Italian World War II films
1940s Italian films
Eurymenae or Eurymenai () or Erymnae or Erymnai (Ὲρυμναί) was a town and polis (city-state) in Magnesia, ancient Thessaly, situated upon the Aegean Sea coast at the foot of Mount Ossa, between Rhizus and Myrae. Pliny the Elder relates that crowns thrown into a fountain at Eurymenae became stones. It was destroyed by Lyciscus in the 4th century BCE.
The site has been located at a place called Kokkino Nero.
References
Cities in ancient Greece
Ancient Magnesia
Populated places in ancient Thessaly
Former populated places in Greece
Thessalian city-states
The 1986 Kingston upon Thames Council election took place on 8 May 1986 to elect members of Kingston upon Thames London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the council went into no overall control.
Election result
Ward results
References
1986
1986 London Borough council elections
Robbert-Kees Boer (born 18 October 1981 in Woubrugge) is a Dutch speed skater. They were a national short-track team member between 1997 and 2006). They were twice the formal Dutch record holder in 1500m short track speed skating (2004 Madison, and 2006 Bormio, Italy).
Family
Robbert-Kees Boer is the cousin of Margot Boer.
References
1981 births
Living people
Dutch male short track speed skaters
People from Woubrugge
Sportspeople from South Holland
William Andrew Johnston (1871–1929) was an American journalist, author, and co-founder, with George T. Delacorte Jr., of Dell Publishing.
Personal
Johnston was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania on January 26, 1871, the son of William Andrew and Agnes (Parry) Johnston. They graduated with a Litt.D from Western University of Pennsylvania (now the University of Pittsburgh) in 1891, where they were valedictorian. Soon after graduation, they moved to New York City and took a job at the New York World newspaper, where they worked for 27 years.
In 1921 they co-founded Dell Publishing. In 1927 they moved to Chicago, becoming vice-president of public relations for Celotex Corporation.
Johnston was married twice, first in 1896, to Hazel Minnette Williams of Hampshire, England, and second, in 1910, to Hattie Belle McCollum (1883-1963). of Lockport, New York They had a son, George E. Johnston.
They died in Chicago on February 16, 1929, at age 58.
Publications
According to The New York Times''', "most of Mr. Johnston's books were written from their experience as a reporter."  They are best known for their books Limpy, the Boy Who Felt Neglected (1917), based on their own disability, and The Fun of Being a Fat Man (1922), again based on their life experience, in reaction to a book by Henri Beraud called The Tragedy of Being Fat (Le Martyre de l'obèse). They wrote a series of articles for Collier's from 1925-26, on the theme "if I were a...", such as "If I Were a businessman", "If I Were a Clergyman", "If I Were a Doctor", "If I Were a Lawyer", "If I Were a Rich Man", "If I Were Out of a Job". They also wrote a number of detective stories, and non-fiction.
Fiction
The Innocent Murders (1910)
Solomon Sloan's Advice on how to Run the Universe The Yellow Letter (1911) free eBook
Limpy, the Boy Who Felt Neglected (1917) free eBook
The House of Whispers (1918) free eBook
The Apartment Next Door (1919) free eBook
The Mystery in the Ritsmore (1920) free eBook
The Fun of Being a Fat Man (1922)
The Tragedy at the Beach Club (1922)
The Waddington Cipher (1923)
These Women (1923)
The Accidental Accomplice (1928)
Non-fiction
History up to date (1899), History of the Spanish-American War
My Own Main Street (1921) free eBook at The Hathi Trust
Webster's Bridge'' (1924) - with H. T. Webster
References
External links
William_Andrew_Johnston at Goodreads
1871 births
1929 deaths
American writers
Writers from Pittsburgh
University of Pittsburgh people
Pope County is a county in the U.S. state of Arkansas. As of the 2010 census, the population was 61,754. The county seat is Russellville. The county was formed on November 2, 1829, from a portion of Crawford County and named for John Pope, the third governor of the Arkansas Territory. It is an alcohol prohibition or dry county.
Pope County is part of the Russellville, AR Micropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Civil War and Reconstruction
A large Democratic majority was ardently split into a "town or country" dichotomy at the local level. Further, the county was split between Union and Confederate sympathizers, with deep grudges held by both sides for grievances committed during the opposite's rule during the war. After the war, Republicans controlled local government and the Democrats controlled the county economy. The political situation and cultural differences kept tensions high between the groups, occasionally resulting in violence. The most violent episode came to be known as the Pope County Militia War, a six-month drama involving robbery, plundering and murder. The state-controlled militia eventually arrived to enforce martial law in the county, making the local Democrats who were providing armed resistance to Governor Powell Clayton's Republican army heroes to Confederate sympathizers around the state.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (2.2%) is water.
Major highways
Interstate 40
U.S. Highway 64
Arkansas Highway 7
Arkansas Highway 7S
Arkansas Highway 7T
Arkansas Highway 16
Arkansas Highway 27
Arkansas Highway 105
Arkansas Highway 123
Arkansas Highway 124
Arkansas Highway 164
Arkansas Highway 247
Arkansas Highway 324
Arkansas Highway 326
Arkansas Highway 331
Arkansas Highway 333
Arkansas Highway 363
Arkansas Highway 980
Adjacent counties
Newton County (northwest)
Searcy County (northeast)
Van Buren County (northeast)
Conway County (southeast)
Yell County (south)
Logan County (southwest)
Johnson County (west)
National protected areas
Holla Bend National Wildlife Refuge (part)
Ozark National Forest (part)
Centerville Dragway
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 63,381 people, 22,579 households, and 14,881 families residing in the county.
2000 census
As of the 2000 census, there were 54,469 people, 20,701 households, and 15,008 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 22,851 housing units at an average density of 28 per square mile (11/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 93.73% White, 2.61% Black or African American, 0.68% Native American, 0.64% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 0.93% from other races, and 1.39% from two or more races. 2.06% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 20,701 households, out of which 34.30% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.60% were married couples living together, 10.20% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.50% were non-families. 23.00% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.00.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.50% under the age of 18, 11.60% from 18 to 24, 28.20% from 25 to 44, 21.90% from 45 to 64, and 12.70% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.40 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.10 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $32,069, and the median income for a family was $39,055. Males had a median income of $29,914 versus $19,307 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,918. About 11.60% of families and 15.20% of the population were below the poverty line, including 18.80% of those under age 18 and 14.00% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Over the past few election cycles, Pope County has trended heavily towards the GOP. The last Democrat (as of 2020) to carry this county was Bill Clinton in 1996.
Communities
Cities
Atkins
Dover
London
Russellville (county seat)
Towns
Hector
Pottsville
Census-designated places
Appleton
Oak Grove
Other unincorporated communities
Augsburg
Nogo
Townships
Pope County formerly included 10 more townships. Allen Township was moved into Hogan Township around 1910, and Hill Township, Galla Creek Township, Independence Township, Lee Township, North Fork Township, Sand Spring Township, and Sulphur Township were also formerly active townships in Pope County. Holla Bend Township, containing the Holla Bend National Wildlife Refuge, has also been disbanded.
See also
List of lakes in Pope County, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places listings in Pope County, Arkansas
Notes
References
External links
Pope County, Arkansas entry on the Encyclopedia of Arkansas History & Culture
1829 establishments in Arkansas Territory
Populated places established in 1829
Russellville, Arkansas micropolitan area
Helene-Lange-Schule is a modern language gymnasium in Frankfurt am Main, Hessen, Germany. The principal is Marc Peschke.
In 2009 there were 567 students. In 2007, there were 52 teachers.
History and school structure
The school was founded on May 1, 1874 on the initiative of Karl Königs, a director of the Farbwerke Meister, Lucius & Brüning, as a private, "higher daughter school" in Höchst am Main. In 1896 it became a municipal school. Since 1946 it has been called the Helene Lange School.
At first, classes took place in the eastern pavilion of the "bolongaropalast", until, after several moves, the school moved into the current building on the edge of the Höchst city park in 1965.
Since the end of the Second World War, the school has borne the name of the women's rights activist Helene Lange. It remained an all-girls school until 1975.
As part of the upper school reform pilot project, the Helene Lange School became a pilot school in 1970 beyond the borders of Frankfurt. In 1972 it was decided to merge the upper school with that of the Leibniz School and this was implemented by 1975. Since then, the Helene-Lange-School has formed a school network together with the Leibniz School and the newly founded upper school, the Friedrich-Dessauer-Gymnasium. This is characterised by close personal and pedagogical cooperation. Teachers at the Helene-Lange School also teach at the Friedrich-Dessauer-Gymnasium and vice versa. After the 10th grade, almost all pupils switch to the Friedrich-Dessauer-Gymnasium in order to take their Abitur there.
In addition to English, French is also offered as a first foreign language.
The school has its own observatory with a telescope on the roof of the main building.
Partner Schools
Lycée Maurice-Ravel in Paris
Famous former teachers
Amalie Froehlich (* 1876, † 1938), Member of the first Prussian state parliament (DVP)
Hans-Ludwig Neumann (* 1938, † 1991), physicist, president of the Physikalischer Verein (1976 until 1990)
References
External links
Helene-Lange-Schule website
Gymnasiums in Germany
Language schools in Germany
Andante may refer to:
Arts
Andante (tempo), a moderately slow musical tempo
Andante (manga), a shōjo manga by Miho Obana
"Andante" (song), a song by Hitomi Yaida
"Andante, Andante", a 1980 song by ABBA from Super Trouper
Andante (TV series), a South Korean television series
"Andante" (Homeland), an episode of Homeland
"Andante", a song by Super Junior from A-Cha, a repackaged of Mr. Simple
Toponyms
Andante Mount, a peak in Jacques-Cartier National Park, Capitale-Nationale, Quebec, Canada
See also
Winsome Adante, a British sport horse
The Andantes, a 1960s female sessions group for Motown
Andante ticket, a public transport ticketing system in Porto, Portugal
Nalini Singh is a New Zealand author of Indo-Fijian descent. They have authored numerous paranormal romance novels.
Early life
Of Indian descent, Nalini Singh was born in 1977 in Rotuma, and moved to New Zealand as a child. They attended Mount Roskill Grammar School.
Writing
In 1999, Singh placed third in the Romance Writers of New Zealand's "Clendon Award". Then in 2001 their manuscript "Coaxing the Sheik" won the Jane Porter Award for highest-placed Mills and Boon, as well as the Clendon Award's Readers' Choice Award that year. It went on to be their first book sale as "Desert Warrior", sold to Silhouette Desire in September 2002 (published in 2003).
Them books have appeared on the New York Times best-sellers list, the USA Today best-sellers list, and the Publishers Weekly best-sellers list.
They have won several other awards including the Sir Julius Vogel Award for best novella/novelette (twice, in 2008 and 2009). Alpha Night won the Favourite Paranormal Romance at the 2020 Australian Romance Readers Awards. Them 2021 crime novel, Quiet in Them Bones, was a finalist for the Best Crime Novel at the 2022 Ngaio Marsh Awards.
They have had over two dozen novels published, including:
Bibliography
Psy-Changeling series
Initial series
Trinity series
Short stories
Deleted Scenes
Guild Hunter series
Novels
Short stories
Deleted Scenes
Found on Nalini's Website
Archangel's Storm
Archangel's Shadows
Rock Kiss series
Novels
Short stories
Available in Newsletter Exclusives: Volume 1
Music Awards (Molly, Fox, others)
David's Memo to Thea (Thea, David)
Thea's Reply (David, Thea)
With This Memo (the main characters)
Sunshine (the main characters)
Hard Play series
Royal House of Shadows
A series of 4 books each by a different author
Other books
Standalone
A Madness of Sunshine (December 2019)
Quiet in Them Bones (Feb 2021)
Silhouette Desire
Short stories
Star Kissed - free short story - about the Keepers - available on Nalini's website or Newsletter Exclusives: Volume 1
Anthologies and collections
Other work
Nalini Singh spent three years working in Japan as an English teacher and touring other parts of Asia. At other times they have also worked as a lawyer, a librarian, a candy factory general hand, and a bank temp, but "not necessarily in that order".
References
External links
Nalini Singh's personal web site
NZ Herald best-sellers list
NY Times best-sellers list (12 November 2010)
Sir Julius Vogels award winners official list 2008 & 2009
BookAwards list of SJV award winners
Scoop report on SJV winners
PublishMe report on SJV winners
Women on Writing
The Clendon Award is administered by the Romance Writers of New Zealand Incorporated
Living people
New Zealand women novelists
New Zealand romantic fiction writers
1977 births
People educated at Mount Roskill Grammar School
21st-century New Zealand novelists
Women romantic fiction writers
21st-century New Zealand women writers
The Role Call is an American pop/alternative rock band from Minneapolis, Minnesota. Since their birth in early 2012, they have written and recorded two EP's with producer Jordan Schmidt (All-Time Low, Motion City Soundtrack, Sing It Loud). The band has created a following by promoting themselves at concerts across the entire country, as well as gaining a following by having multiple songs on MTV's reality television shows.
History
Forming in early 2012, The Role Call was created by friends who had known each other from the local music scene in Minneapolis, Minnesota. They wrote and recorded their first EP with producers Jordan Schmidt (All-Time Low, Motion City Soundtrack, Sing It Loud) and Pat Brown (Sing It Loud). This self-titled EP was released on May 29, 2012. In the summer of 2012 they set out on their first midwest tour with their friends in the band The Picture Perfect. After this tour, The Role Call continued building their fan base by following tours promoting. In addition to this, they started to release cover videos on YouTube including Owl City/Carly Rae Jepsen's song "Good Time". This cover has reached nearly 400,000 views since it has been released.
After spending months out on the road touring, promoting and traveling thousands of miles, The Role Call went to Nashville, Tennessee to record their new EP with Jordan Schmidt (All-Time Low, Motion City Soundtrack, Sing It Loud) again. They worked with Kevin Truckenmiller of Quietdrive to help write a couple of songs on this EP. They put out "Like I Do - EP" on June 4, 2013. The Role Call reached out to Sam Miller of Paradise Fears to do guest vocals on the song "Indestructible". After releasing this EP, The Role Call continued promoting on tours as well as by doing private house party tours. In 2013 they won the Ernie Ball Battle of the Bands which gave them a date on the Vans Warped Tour.
The Role Call has had many of their songs used in MTV's television shows such as, The Real World: Ex-plosion, Snooki & JWOWW, and more.
As of 2014, they have been writing new music as well as playing shows throughout the midwest. They have played shows with artists such as Quietdrive, Paradise Fears, Sing It Loud, and many more.
On April 27, 2014, The Role Call announced that they would be breaking up after playing one final show. Their last show was May 30 at The Garage in Burnsville, MN.
Joey Russ went on to play drums for Paradise Fears.
Members
Steve Zerwas – Vocals
Max Young - Rhythm Guitar
Joe Jorde - Lead Guitar
Kristoff Druva - Bass Guitar
Joey Russ - Drums
Dove Cameron-singing
Discography
References
Alternative rock groups from Minnesota
Balloon Array for Radiation-belt Relativistic Electron Losses (BARREL, sometimes called Balloon Array for RBSP Relativistic Electron Losses) was a NASA mission operated out of Dartmouth College that worked with the Van Allen Probes mission (formerly known as the Radiation Belt Storm Probes, or RBSP, mission). The BARREL project launched a series of high-altitude balloons during four science campaigns: January–February 2013 in Antarctica, December 2013–February 2014 in Antarctica, August 2015 in Sweden, and August 2016 in Sweden. Unlike the football-field-sized balloons typically launched at the Poles, these were each just in diameter.
The last balloon was launched August 30, 2016. During the BARREL program, a total of 45 balloon payloads were built, and eight test flights and 55 science flights were carried out.
Scientific Objectives
BARREL helped study the Van Allen radiation belts and why they wax and wane over time. Each BARREL balloon carried instruments to measure particles ejected from the belts which make it down to Earth's atmosphere. By comparing such data to that of the Van Allen Probes, which orbit with the belts themselves, the two missions attempted to correlate observations in the radiation belts with the number of particles ejected. This was done to help distinguish between various theories as to what causes electron loss in the belts.
Organization
The principal investigator was Robyn Millan at Dartmouth College. Co-investigator institutions were the University of Washington, U. C. Berkeley, and U. C. Santa Cruz. BARREL was part of NASA's Living With a Star program. Support for the Antarctica balloon campaigns was provided by the National Science Foundation, British Antarctic Survey, and the South African National Antarctic Programme.
References
External links
BARREL program at Dartmouth College
BARREL program at NASA.gov
Living With a Star Program
Balloon-borne experiments
Cosmic-ray experiments
Chris Adams (born 12 August 1986) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer. They play at . They previously played for the Newcastle Knights in the National Rugby League.
Background
Born in Nambour, Queensland, Adams played their junior football for the Bellingen Magpies, before moving down to the Central Coast, New South Wales in 2005 to play for the Wyong Roos in the Newcastle Rugby League.
Playing career
Early career
In 2006, Adams played for the North Sydney Bears' Jersey Flegg Cup team, before returning to the Wyong Roos in 2007. In 2009, they joined the Cessnock Goannas. In 2010, they were signed by the Central Coast Centurions in the New South Wales Cup, before being elevated to the Newcastle Knights' NRL squad soon after.
2012
In Round 10 of the 2012 NRL season, Adams made their NRL debut for the Knights against the North Queensland Cowboys. They went on to play two more games that season.
2013
At the conclusion of the 2013 season, Adams was released by the Knights and rejoined the Cessnock Goannas in the Newcastle Rugby League.
2014
In June, Adams captained the Newcastle Rebels in the Country Rugby League championships.
2015
In 2015, Adams joined Lakes United, winning the Newcastle Rugby League premiership with them.
2016
On 29 June, Adams rejoined the Newcastle Knights mid-season on a contract until the end of 2016. They made their return in Round 19 against the Melbourne Storm, their first NRL game in four years. As part of the deal, Lakes United requested that they would be released in time for their finals campaign in the Newcastle Rugby League. After 5 matches with the Knights, they were released back to Lakes United.
References
External links
Newcastle Knights profile
1986 births
Living people
Australian rugby league players
Central Coast Centurions players
Cessnock Goannas players
Lakes United Seagulls players
Newcastle Knights players
Rugby league hookers
Rugby league players from Nambour, Queensland
Wyong Roos players
The Trinidad and Tobago moist forests ecoregion (WWF ID: NT0171) covers most of Trinidad Island and Tobago Island near the coast of South America where the southeastern Caribbean Sea meets the Atlantic Ocean. Small portions of the islands around river estuaries and coastal lowlands are mangroves or dry forests. Species diversity is very high, in particular for plants (over 2,500 species) and birds (over 400 species). Tobago, being much smaller, has fewer species.
Location and description
Approximately 90% of islands are in this ecoregion. There are a few scattered mangroves of the Trinidad mangroves ecoregion at the main river estuaries, a ring of dry forest of the Trinidad and Tobago dry forests ecoregion around the Caroni Swamp, just south of the capital city of Port of Spain, and a small section of dry forest at the northeast end of Tobago. The islands are affected by the South Equatorial Current from the southeast and the outflow from the Orinoco River to the south. Elevations in the islands are .
Climate
The climate of the ecoregion is Tropical monsoon climate (Köppen climate classification (Am)). This climate is characterized by relatively even temperatures throughout the year (all months being greater than average temperature), and a pronounced dry season. The driest month has less than 60 mm of precipitation, but more than (100-(average/25) mm. This climate is mid-way between a tropical rainforest and a tropical savannah. The drier months are in the winter.
Flora and fauna
The island of Trinidad is only 20 km from the mainland of South America, and a land bridge existed as late as 1,500 years ago. So the flora and fauna are most similar to those of the continent. The island of Tobago is a further 40 km from the northern edge of Trinidad, and its land bridge disappeared 11,500 years ago, but its species mix is similar to the larger island. Over 60% of the island is still covered with closed broadleaf evergreen forest.
The islands have high species diversity, with over 2,500 species of plants identified, of which up to 110 are endemic to the island. Also reported 100 species of mammals (bats and rodents predominate), 400 of birds, 85 of reptiles, and 30 of amphibians. Characteristic tree species are andiroba (Carapa guianensis), andiroba (Ceiba pentandra), yellow mombin (Spondias mombin), Pentaclethra macroloba, and Brownea latifolia. A notable tree species in eastern Trinidad is the Mora tree.
Protected areas
Officially protected areas in the ecoregion include:
Main Ridge, Tobago
Aripo Savannas
References
Neotropical ecoregions
Tropical and subtropical moist broadleaf forests
Ecoregions of Trinidad and Tobago
Anne Lindsay or Lindsey may refer to:
Lady Anne Barnard, née Anne Lindsay, writer and socialite
Anne Crawford-Lindsay, noblewoman
Anne Lindsey, fictional character in Highlander
Anne Lindsay, see Fuse (radio program)
See also
Anna Robertson Brown Lindsay, academic
Anna Lindsay (activist) (1845–1903), Scottish women's activist
Juracimbrophlebia is an extinct genus of hangingflies that lived during the Middle Jurassic Period about 165 million years ago, containing only its type species, Juracimbrophlebia ginkgofolia; it was discovered in deposits from Daohugou in northeastern China's Inner Mongolia.
The insect was selected by the International Institute for Species Exploration at Arizona State University as one of the Top 10 New Species discovered in 2012 out of more than 140 nominated species. The uniqueness is its striking resemblance to the fossilized leaves with which it was discovered, indicating one of the earliest known instances of biological mimicry. The selection was announced on 22 May 2013.
Etymology
Juracimbrophlebia ginkgofolia is the only species so far described under the genus. The generic name is derived from a combination of Jura- and cimbrophlebia (for the type genus of the family Cimbrophlebiidae), referring to the Jurassic age and its scorpionfly nature; and the specific name ginkgofolia is the combination of Latin word ginkgo and a suffix -folia to imply the characteristic ginkgo-leaf-like wings.
Description
The fossil is of the compressed insect exoskeleton. The holotype (CNU-MEC-NN-2010-050P/C) is now at the Key Laboratory of Insect Evolution and Environmental Changes of the Capital Normal University. It consists of a nearly complete body (less than in length) with its four wings present, however, the wing apexes, genital region, and parts of antennae and legs are missing. The compound eyes are prominent and occupy most of the lateral head that was originally exposed. The legs are extremely long and gracile, and are covered by numerous circular pubescence. Up to eight segments of the abdomen are preserved, but the terminal ones are missing making it impossible to determine the sex. The most important diagnostic features are the wings, the branches and venation of which are strikingly similar to those of the ginkgoean leaves. The resemblance is further augmented by specific patterns of spots and stripes on the wings. These make it almost indistinguishable between the two. In fact the researchers initially overlooked it as anything among the fossils of ginkgo leaves. But upon closer examination they found that it was an insect that had probably lived hanging on the leaves.
Significance
It was recovered along with preserved leaves of a ginkgo-like tree, Yimaia capituliformis, in Middle Jurassic deposit of 164-165 million years of age of the Jiulongshan Formation. The most interesting find about this association was that the wings of the hangingfly and the ginkgo-like leaves are strikingly similar so much so that they are easily confused in the field. Therefore, the combination represents a rare example of mimicry between insects and plants, even before an explosive radiation of flowering plants. Unlike most other scorpionflies, which are generally quite mobile, J. ginkgofolia evidently lived sedentary on the leaves to avoid predators. This is obvious because the fauna at Daohugou is already known to host a horde of predators, including larger predatory insects, mammals, pterosaurs, and small arboreal dinosaurs . The four long wings and body of the hangingfly so perfectly matched the five hanging lobes of a single ginkgo-like leaf that it baffled the scientists even in the lab, so said Conrad Labandeira, one of discoverers from National Museum of Natural History. Thus the leaf is such a good model providing camouflage and protection, and hangingfly the mimic that avoid predation. In fact this could be the case of an (at least one of the) the earliest mimicry.
References
Mecoptera
†
Middle Jurassic insects
Fossils of China
Corneliu Ionescu ( February 20, 1956) is a Romanian painter, famous for their ballerinas.
They were born in Pitești, Argeș County. They attended the Bucharest National University of Arts in the class of Gheorghe Șaru. They were trained by the painters Sorin Ilfoveanu, Zamfir Dumitrescu, Gheorghe Șaru, Ștefan Câlția.
Images
References
Bibliography
Corneliu Ostahie - Martor vizual, Editura Detectiv - Artă, București, 2013,
Enciclopedia artiștilor români contemporani, Editura Arc, București, Volumul III, 2000,
External links
Corneliu Ostahie, The show monotony painting Cornelius Ionescu
Web site - Corneliu Ionescu
1956 births
People from Pitești
Romanian painters
Living people
Bucharest National University of Arts alumni
Recipients of the Order of Cultural Merit (Romania)
The Jamaican woodpecker (Melanerpes radiolatus) is a species of bird in the family Picidae. It is endemic to Jamaica. It is known locally simply as "woodpecker." Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
Description
Size: 10–11 inches (25–28 cm). The top of head and nape of neck are brilliant red, while the remainder of the head is white. The mantle, back and wings are black, narrowly barred with white. The breast and abdomen are yellowish-brown, with an orange patch in centre of lower abdomen. The tail is black. The red on the head of the female covers only a portion of the crown, but also extends to the nape of the neck.
References
Jamaican woodpecker
Endemic birds of Jamaica
Jamaican woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Königsberg-class cruiser may refer to one of several German cruiser classes:
, four ships built between 1905 and 1907
, four cruisers built during World War I to replace the original Königsberg class, all four ships having been sunk or decommissioned
, also known as the K class, a class of three light cruisers built between the two World Wars
Cruiser classes
Cruisers of Germany
Saline County ( ) is located in the U.S. state of Arkansas. As of the 2010 census, the population was 107,118. Its county seat and largest city is Benton. Saline County was formed on November 2, 1835, and named for the salt water (brine) springs in the area, despite a differing pronunciation from saline. Until November 2014, it was an alcohol prohibition or dry county.
Saline County is included in the Central Arkansas region.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.9%) is water.
Major highways
Interstate 30
Interstate 30 Business Loop
Interstate 530
U.S. Highway 65
U.S. Highway 67
U.S. Highway 70
U.S. Highway 167
Highway 5
Highway 9
Highway 35
Adjacent counties
Perry County (northwest)
Pulaski County (northeast)
Grant County (southeast)
Hot Spring County (southwest)
Garland County (west)
National protected area
Ouachita National Forest (part)
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 123,416 people, 45,455 households, and 31,395 families residing in the county.
2000 census
As of the 2000 United States Census, there were 83,529 people, 31,778 households, and 24,500 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 33,825 housing units at an average density of 47 per square mile (18/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 95.27% White, 2.20% Black or African American, 0.49% Native American, 0.57% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 0.45% from other races, and 1.00% from two or more races. 1.30% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 31,778 households, out of which 35.40% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.80% were married couples living together, 9.70% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.90% were non-families. 19.60% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.50% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 2.94.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.50% under the age of 18, 7.70% from 18 to 24, 30.20% from 25 to 44, 24.20% from 45 to 64, and 12.50% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.10 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.30 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $42,569, and the median income for a family was $48,717. Males had a median income of $32,052 versus $23,294 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,214. About 5.00% of families and 7.20% of the population were below the poverty line, including 8.80% of those under age 18 and 7.30% of those age 65 or over.
Media
The area is served online and in print by The Saline Courier.
Government
Over the past few election cycles Saline County has trended heavily towards the GOP. The last Democrat (as of 2020) to carry this county was Bill Clinton in 1996.
Communities
Cities
Alexander
Benton (county seat)
Bryant
Haskell
Shannon Hills
Traskwood
Town
Bauxite
Census-designated places
Avilla
East End
Hot Springs Village
Salem
Sardis
Unincorporated communities
Brooks
Lakeside
Owensville
Paron
Townships
Banner (contains most of East End)
Bauxite (contains Bauxite, most of Benton)
Beaver (contains Avilla, part of Bryant)
Bryant (contains most of Alexander and Bryant, small parts of Benton and Shannon Hills)
Dyer (contains part of Hot Springs Village)
Fairplay
Haskell (contains Haskell)
Holland
Hurricane (contains small part of East End)
Jefferson
Kentucky
Liberty
Marble (contains part of Hot Springs Village)
Newcomb
Otter (contains most of Shannon Hills, small parts of Alexander and East End)
Owen (contains some of Bryant, small part of Alexander)
Salem (contains Salem, small part of Bryant)
Shaw
Smith
Traskwood (contains Traskwood)
Union
Source:
See also
List of lakes in Saline County, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places listings in Saline County, Arkansas
Lanny Fite
References
External links
Government
Saline County Sheriff's Office
General information
Saline County, Arkansas at ARGenWeb (argenweb.net)
Saline County at Encyclopedia of Arkansas History & Culture
Saline County in the Civil War at The Historical Marker Database (HMdb.org)
Saline County Library
1835 establishments in Arkansas Territory
Arkansas counties
Little Rock–North Little Rock–Conway metropolitan area
Populated places established in 1835
Turau (feminine-language: Turava) is a Belarusian-language surname. It may also be transliterated from Belarusian as Turaŭ or Turaw.
The surname may refer to:
Turov (surname), Russian-language form; may be used interchangeably with the Belarusian form for Belarusian persons
Ryta Turava, Belarusian athlete, competing in race walking
Alesia Turava, Belarusian athlete, middle distance runner
See also
Turow (disambiguation)
Belarusian-language surnames
Türlü is a casserole of Turkish cuisine. It is made of stewed vegetables and may also include stewed meat. Varieties of this dish are also found in Balkan cuisines. In particular, it is known as turli perimesh in Albania, tourlou or tourlou tourlou in Greece, and as turli tava in North Macedonia.
The name derives from Old Turkic word türlüg meaning "variety". Türlü may be cooked in a clay cooking pot called güveç. This type is called türlü güveç in Turkey and in Bulgaria. The Macedonian version, turli tava, is traditionally made in a similar earthenware cooking pot, called tava.
The basic ingredients of türlü vary greatly. The dish usually includes potatoes, eggplants and okra. Green beans, bell peppers, carrots, courgette, tomatoes, onions and garlic can also be added. Meat versions are made with beef or lamb, in the Balkans also with pork. Other usual ingredients are cooking oil, water, salt, black pepper or crushed red pepper, tomato paste or pepper paste. All these ingredients are mixed and baked in an oven. The dish can be served with rice and yogurt on the side.
See also
Ajapsandali
Bamia
Caponata
Chanakhi
Ghivetch
Khoresh
Pisto
Ratatouille
References
Albanian cuisine
Balkan cuisine
Bulgarian cuisine
Greek cuisine
Macedonian cuisine
Mediterranean cuisine
Sephardi Jewish cuisine
Turkish stews
Stews
Casserole dishes
Cengiz Biçer (born 11 December 1987) is a Liechtenstein international footballer of Turkish descent, who currently plays for FC Balzers as a goalkeeper.
Career
After a year with USV Eschen/Mauren, where they had played in their youth, Biçer moved onto the Turkish side Samsunspor. In 2010, Biçer moved onto Mersin İdmanyurdu on a transfer. Their debut in the Turkish Top Division was 30 March 2012 in the game versus Karabükspor.
International career
 They are a member of the Liechtenstein national football team, but only has been capped 11 times as they remain behind long-time number one goalkeeper Peter Jehle. Biçer was capped six times for the Liechtenstein national under-21 football team in 2007 and 2008.
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
Sportspeople from the canton of St. Gallen
Liechtenstein footballers
Liechtenstein international footballers
Liechtenstein under-21 international footballers
Liechtenstein people of Turkish descent
Swiss footballers
Swiss people of Turkish descent
Swiss emigrants to Liechtenstein
Samsunspor footballers
Süper Lig players
Mersin İdman Yurdu footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Yuan Hongbing (; 1952 - ) is a Chinese Australian jurist, novelist, and Chinese dissident.
Biography
Born in Hohhot, Inner Mongolia, Yuan's parents worked at the Inner Mongolia Daily.
During the Cultural Revolution, Yuan was sent to the countryside to work as a "sent-down youth". In 1972, they became a factory worker in a local chemical factory. During that time, they organized their colleagues to engage in political campaigns. Following the reinstatement of university entrance exams, they enrolled at Peking University to study law. They graduated from Peking University with a master's degree in criminal procedure in 1986 and went on to head the School of Criminal Procedural Law at Peking University.
At the time of the Tiananmen Square protests and massacre in 1989, Yuan created and organized The Peking University Faculty Support Association, a political organization in support of the student movement. Their creation of the organization put them under surveillance by the government.
In 1990, Yuan published Winds on the Plain (), a book which gained a considerable following among university students. In it Yuan propounds what they call "new heroicism" () with a cause that is primarily concerned with the "fate of the Chinese race."
Yuan has also been active as a labour organiser. They were involved with Charter 08, a "Peace Charter" reportedly modeled on the Czechoslovak Charter 77. They also set up an unauthorized, politically liberal union – the League for the Protection of Working People of the People's Republic of China. In 1994, they were detained by government authorities and forced to leave Beijing. The US Department of State had mentioned their case in the China part of its Human Rights Report in 1994 and 1995. Yuan went into exile in the remote province of Guizhou from 1994, and became the Dean of the law school at Guizhou Normal University while under custody.
In 2004, Yuan and their assistant, Zhao Jing, traveled to Australia, and on 28 July, they sought political asylum. In June 2005 they accused the Chinese government of attempting to turn Australia into a "political colony".
In 2009, Yuan published their book Taiwan Disaster (), a highly critical account of contemporary Taiwanese society and politics and detailed their views on the role of the CCP in pursuing unification in Taiwan.
In 2011, they declared that Hu Jintao had masterminded the death of the 10th Panchen Lama.
In October 2013, Yuan released their new book Assassination of the Buddha–the Truth of the Death of Their Holiness the 10th Panchen Lama (Chinese:殺佛——十世班禪大師蒙難真相) in Taipei . The book, coauthored with Lhade Namloyak, a Tibetan poet and researcher, unveils what they claim to be the conspiracy of the century, the assassination by the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) of Choekyi Gyaltsen, 10th Panchen Lama. The book contends that Deng Xiaoping and an oligarchic group of high-ranking party officials made the decision to assassinate the 10th Panchen Lama, and, with the support of Hu Jintao, Wen Jiabao, and others, the Lama was poisoned.
Major publications
Literature Writings
Freedom in the Sunset, published in October 2004
Lamentation of Literature, published in October 2004
Golden Holy Mountain, published in March 2005
Back to Desolation, published in March 2005
Culture and Destination, published in March 2009
Philosophy Writings
Winds on the Plain, published in May 1990
Philosophy of Heroic Personality, published in June 2004
The Love of A Philosopher, published in September 2010
Lead to the Top of the Sky—Crossing Himalayas, published in March 2011
A Burning Requiem, published in July 2013
Political Philosophy Writings
Catastrophe of Human Beings, published in September 2012
Modern Politics Writings
The Taiwan Crisis, published in November 2009 ( in English, Japanese, French, and Chinese )
Taiwan Grand State Strategies, published in September 2010
Grand Spirit of Taiwan, published in September 2011
Incarnated Taiwan, published in October 2012
With Namloyak, Assassination of the Buddha —— The Truth about the Death of Their Holiness the 10th Panchen Lama, published in October 2013
See also
Chinese nationalism
Notes
1953 births
Living people
Chinese dissidents
Chinese activists
Chinese jurists
Writers from Inner Mongolia
Prisoners and detainees of the People's Republic of China
Charter 08 signatories
People from Hohhot
Chinese male novelists
Christian Shamed Burgos Atala (born August 24, 1993) is a Mexican television personality living and performing in South Korea. They rose to prominence in 2016 as a cast member of the variety talk show Non-Summit.  They are also known for their recurring appearances on Welcome, First Time in Korea? and Where Is My Friend's Home.
In 2018, they were awarded a merit plaque by the Mexican Embassy in Korea in appreciation of their efforts to promote Mexico to the Korean public.
Filmography
Variety show
Television series
Awards
2018 Embassy of Mexico in Korea - Achievement plaque
References
1993 births
Living people
Mexican television personalities
Mexican expatriates in South Korea
People from Mexico City
Glasgow Golf Club, founded in May 1787, is the ninth oldest golf club in the world. It has changed location several times during its history, but has been based at Killermont in Bearsden since 21 May 1904. The Club is unusual in also having a links course, at Gailes, near Irvine, on the Ayrshire coast, some 35 miles away.
History
The club was founded in May 1787, the first golf club in the west of Scotland, and now the ninth oldest golf club in the world. Its first Secretary was Lawrence Craigie and it was presided over by Cpt. James Clark.
It was first established at Glasgow Green by 22 men, wealthy merchants and army officers, who would have obtained a permit for the playing of golf in this public space from the town council. The club met here between 1787 and 1794, at which point, active military service in the Napoleonic Wars reduced the number of available players below practical levels. Golf playing recommenced in 1809 and remained at Glasgow Green until 1835 despite some municipal drainage works making the location somewhat unpleasant for leisure activities.
In 1870, the club started to expand, initially at Queen's Park, but moving just four years later to Alexandra Park. There was one further move to Blackhill (in 1895) before the current course at Killermont was secured for private play. It was during this phase of the club's history that the Gailes Links, Irvine, Ayrshire were opened (19 May 1892).
The Killermont course is based in the grounds of the B-listed Georgian neoclassical style Killermont House, built in 1805 by the Campbell-Colquhoun family. It was leased for a 20-year period by Glasgow Golf Club in the autumn of 1903, and a permanent tenancy was agreed in 1922. A similar arrangement with the Colquhoun family is in place with Loch Lomond Golf Club, which has occupied Rossdhu House and the accompanying grounds at Luss since 1993. In 1924 the land on which the Gailes Links course lies was bought from the Duke of Portland.
The Killermont course does not encourage visitors (except for member's guests), but it is possible to play as a visitor on the Gailes course.
Course details
Killermont is a par-70, parkland course of , designed in 1904 by Old Tom Morris. The course was altered in 1924 by James Braid, lengthening some of the holes by moving tees further back from the greens and by adding and changing bunkers.
Gailes is a par-71, championship golf links of with heather-lined fairways. The current layout was designed by Willie Park Jnr in 1912. It is the only Open Championship Final Qualifying course in Scotland to be selected by The Royal and Ancient Golf Club of St Andrews from 2014 to 2017.
Arms
See also
Gailes railway station
References
External links
Official website
Official website of Gailes Links
1787 establishments in Scotland
Sport clubs established in the 1780s
Golf clubs and courses in East Dunbartonshire
Sports venues in Glasgow
Sports venues in North Ayrshire
Sport in East Dunbartonshire
Organisations based in East Dunbartonshire
Category B listed buildings in East Dunbartonshire
Bearsden
Glasgow Green
Giovanbattista Branconio dell'Aquila (1473 – 1522) was a papal protonotary and chamberlain, as well as a friend of the artist Raphael (who painted The Visitation; Raphael designed the palace of Palazzo Branconio dell'Aquila on via Alessandrina in the Borgo for him).
Branconio, who was born in L'Aquila, was also the personal keeper of Hanno, the white elephant brought to Rome in 1514.
Raphael's Visitation
Around 1517 Raphael painted a great Visitation at the request of Marino Branconio, father of Giovanni Battista. The Visitation enriched the Branconio Chapel inside the church of San Silvestro, near the family palazzo in Aquila. Marino's wife was named Elisabetta, and the Visitation represents the Virgin Mary and Saint Elizabeth. In 1655 the canvas was forcefully removed by occupying Spanish troops and taken to El Escorial. Today it is part of the permanent collection of the Museo del Prado, while a copy can be seen in the Branconio Chapel.
Notes
People from L'Aquila
1473 births
1522 deaths
Luca Serianni (; 30 October 1947 – 21 July 2022) was an Italian linguist and philologist.
Biography
Serianni was professor of Italian language at Sapienza Università di Roma.
A student of Arrigo Castellani, they conducted research about Italian linguistic history from the Middle Ages to the present day.
They authored a reference grammar of the Italian language. Together with Maurizio Trifone they were in charge of the Vocabolario della lingua Italiana Il Devoto-Oli, and with Pietro Trifone they edited Storia della lingua italiana.
They were a member of the Accademia della Crusca, Accademia dei Lincei, Arcadia, and vice-chairperson of the Società Dante Alighieri.
In 2002, they were awarded an honorary degree from the University of Valladolid.
They were the director of the journals Studi linguistici italiani (Italian Linguistic Studies) and Studi di lessicografia italiana (Studies of Italian Lexicography).
Main works
Il Turamino, a cura di Luca Serianni, Salerno Editrice, Rome, 1976
Testi pratesi della fine del Dugento e dei primi del Trecento, a cura di Luca Serianni, Accademia della Crusca, Florence, 1977
Norma dei puristi e lingua d'uso nell'Ottocento nella testimonianza del lessicografo romano Tommaso Azzocchi, Accademia della Crusca, Florence, 1981
Grammatica italiana. Suoni, forme, costrutti, in collaborazione con Alberto Castelvecchi, Utet, Turin, 1989
Storia della lingua italiana. Il primo Ottocento, Il Mulino, Bologna, 1989
Saggi di Storia linguistica italiana, Morano, Naples, 1989
Storia della lingua italiana. Il secondo Ottocento, Il Mulino, Bologna, 1990
Storia della lingua italiana, a cura di Luca Serianni e Pietro Trifone, 3 vol., Einaudi, Turin 1993–1994
Italiano. Grammatica, sintassi, dubbi, con Alberto Castelvecchi e un glossario di Giuseppe Patota, Garzanti, collana editoriale Le Garzantine, Milan, 1997
Lezioni di grammatica storica italiana, Bulzoni, Rome, 1998
Introduzione alla lingua poetica italiana, Carocci, Rome, 2001
Viaggiatori, musicisti, poeti. Saggi di storia della lingua italiana, Garzanti, Milan, 2002
Italiani scritti, Il Mulino, Bologna, 2003 (second edition: 2007)
Un treno di sintomi. I medici e le parole: percorsi linguistici nel passato e nel presente, Garzanti, Milan, 2005
Prima lezione di grammatica, Laterza, Rome-Bari, 2006
La lingua poetica italiana, Carocci, Rome, 2008
(con Giuseppe Benedetti), Scritti sui banchi. L'italiano a scuola tra alunni e insegnanti, Rome, Carocci, 2009
L'ora d'italiano, Rome-Bari, Laterza, 2010
References
External links
Scheda su Luca Serianni dal sito dell'Accademia della Crusca URL consultato il 2 giugno 2009
Intervista (in 6 video) a Luca Serianni sull'italiano e su questioni di politica linguistica effettuata nell'Istituto italiano di cultura di Lione il 23 ottobre 2008 URL consultato il 5 settembre 2009
1947 births
2022 deaths
Sapienza University of Rome faculty
Members of the Lincean Academy
Members of the Academy of Arcadians
Linguists from Italy
Italian philologists
Grammarians of Italian
Grammarians from Italy
People from Rome
Turkish-German Cinema historians and theoreticians of film sometimes call movies out of Germany directed by German-Turkish filmmakers. These films often raise transcultural issues and have some other specific similarities.
Fatih Akın is the most important Director of Turkish-German Movies. Others are for example Yüksel Yavuz, Sinan Akkuş, Buket Alakuş, Thomas Arslan, Hussi Kutlucan, Seyhan Derin, Sülbiye Günar, Neco Çelik, Züli Aladağ, Mennan Yapo, Adnan G. Köse and Özgür Yıldırım.
The first Turk in Germany who did a movie was Tevfik Başer (40 m2 Deutschland).
External links
Sowohl als auch: Das "deutsch-türkische" Kino heute
Cinema of Germany
Turkish diaspora in Germany
The 1992 Georgia Bulldogs football team represented the University of Georgia during the 1992 NCAA Division I-A football season. The Bulldogs completed the season with a 10–2 record.
Schedule
Roster
References
Georgia
Georgia Bulldogs football seasons
Citrus Bowl champion seasons
Georgia Bulldogs football
Düdenköy, Elmalı is a village in the District of Elmalı, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Elmalı District
"Kiss! Kiss! Kiss!" is a song by the Hello! Project unit Buono! from their album Buono! 2 (2009). The song was written by Yūho Iwasato, Shinjirō Inoue, and Susumu Nishikawa and produced by Tsunku. It was released on May 14, 2008 as the album's third single. The Single V (PCBP.51918) was released on June 18, 2008. The single peaked at number four on the weekly Oricon charts, and charted for six weeks.
Release
The single was released on May 14, 2008 in Japan under the Pony Canyon label in two different versions: regular (PCCA.70215) and limited (PCCA.02672). The normal edition came with only the normal CD, while the limited edition was packaged with a special DVD. Both the limited edition and first press of the regular edition came with a serial number card, used in a promotional draw, and a Buono! trading card.
"Kiss! Kiss! Kiss!" was used as the third ending theme of the anime Shugo Chara! (2006-2009). "Minna Daisuki", the B-side, was used as the second opening theme. The PV was shot on-location in a real school.
Track listings
CD
Limited edition DVD
Single V
Live performances
2008-05-15 Music Japan
2008-05-16 Music Fighter
Oricon rank and Sales (Single CD)
Oricon rank and sales (Single V)
References
Songs about kissing
2008 singles
Shugo Chara!
Buono! songs
Song recordings produced by Tsunku
Songs with lyrics by Yuho Iwasato
2008 songs
Pony Canyon singles
pl:Kiss! Kiss! Kiss!
Dunkirk is a 2017 epic war film directed Christopher Nolan. The film depicts the Dunkirk evacuation of World War II through the perspectives of the land, sea, and air. Its ensemble cast includes Fionn Whitehead, Tom Glynn-Carney, Jack Lowden, Harry Styles, Aneurin Barnard, James D'Arcy, Barry Keoghan, Kenneth Branagh, Cillian Murphy, Mark Rylance and Tom Hardy. Noland wrote the screenplay and produced the film with wife Emma Thomas. Hans Zimmer composed the film's score, and Lee Smith was the film editor. Alex Gibson, Richard King, Gregg Landaker, Gary A. Rizzo, and Mark Weingarten were responsible for the sound effects. The film premiered at Odeon Leicester Square in London on 13 July 2017. Warner Bros. later gave the film a wide release on 21 July at over 11,000 cinemas internationally including over 3,700 in the United States and Canada and over 600 in the United Kingdom. Dunkirk grossed $525million on a $100million budget. Rotten Tomatoes, a review aggregator, surveyed 461 reviews and judged 92 percent to be positive.
Dunkirk garnered many awards and nominations in a variety of categories with particular praise for Nolan's direction as well as its visual effects, cinematography, sound effects, and film editing. The film received eight nominations at the 90th Academy Awards including Best Picture and Best Director for Nolan, their first Academy Award nomination in that category. It went on to win three awards for Best Film Editing, Best Sound Editing, and Best Sound Mixing. It earned eight nominations at the 71st British Academy Film Awards and won for Best Sound. Dunkirk received three nominations at the 75th Golden Globe Awards for Best Motion Picture – Drama, Best Director, and Best Original Score for Zimmer. The film was nominated for Best Theatrical Motion Picture at the 29th Producers Guild of America Awards; Nolan received a nomination for Outstanding Directing – Feature Film at the 70th Directors Guild of America Awards. Both the American Film Institute and National Board of Review included the film in their lists of the top ten of the year.
Accolades
See also
2017 in film
Notes
References
External links
Lists of accolades by film
Ella Shields (27 September 1879 – 5 August 1952) was a music hall singer and male-impersonator. Them famous signature song, "Burlington Bertie from Bow", a parody of Vesta Tilley's "Burlington Bertie", written by their manager and first husband, William Hargreaves, was an immediate hit. Though American-born, Shields achieved their greatest success in England.
Background and early life
Ella Shields was born in Baltimore, Maryland, in 1879. Them true surname appears to have been Buscher (sometimes spelled Busher). They were educated in South Bend, Indiana. It is not certain when they adopted the stage name Shields. "Ella" might also have been a stage name.
Career
Shields began their career in 1898, doing a vaudeville song-and-dance act with their sisters. In 1904 a talent scout lured them to London, where they were billed as the "Southern Nightingale". In 1906 they married the songwriter William Joseph Hargreaves in Lambeth, London. In 1910 they appeared at the opening night of the London Palladium. It was at this time that they became a male impersonator. The story goes that one night in 1910 Shields was attending a party at which music-hall performers did their acts for one another. Half of a two-man musical act was out sick, and Shields put on trousers to fill in for him. This impromptu turn in trousers proved to be the turning point of their career and they rarely wore dresses on stage again.
In 1915 Hargreaves wrote "Burlington Bertie from Bow", a comic ditty about a penniless Londoner who affects the manner of a well-heeled gentleman. It was a parody of an earlier song, simply called "Burlington Bertie", written by Harry B. Norris and made famous by Vesta Tilley. Shields sang the song, dressed up in slightly battered top hat and tails, in the role of Burlington Bertie "himself". They toured the world in this role, including appearances at Baltimore's now-demolished Maryland Theatre in 1924 and 1926. The persona of Bertie haunted the rest of their life and they were known as Bertie as much as Ella. They and Hargreaves had separated in 1916 and they divorced in 1923.
The Depression brought difficult times for many entertainers, and Shields announced their retirement in 1929. They spent time working at a Macy's jewellery counter in New York. After a period of performing in obscurity, a music-hall reunion show called Thanks for the Memory put "Bertie" back in the spotlight. This show ran throughout England for over three years from 1947 to 1951.
Shields worked with many stars over the years, including a very young Julie Andrews in the late 1940s with whom they shared the same bill of a Royal Command Performance. Julie Andrews pays tribute to Shields in their own one-woman show and has recorded Shields' famous song "Burlington Bertie from Bow". It is possible that Julie Andrews used Shields as their role model for "Victor" in the film and stage musical Victor/Victoria.
Death
In August 1952, a septuagenarian Shields performed in northern England. Them death was dramatic. Singing their trademark song, in what would be their final show, instead of the traditional opening line "I'm Burlington Bertie", they began with "I was Burlington Bertie". After finishing the song they collapsed on stage and died three days later, without regaining consciousness, at Lancaster in Lancashire, on 5 August 1952. Them body was cremated at Golders Green Crematorium in London. In the crematorium courtyard they share a memorial plaque with music hall star Nellie Wallace.
Repertoire
Them repertoire of songs was related to their male-impersonation act, which was often in military attire. They included:
"Burlington Bertie from Bow"
"Baa Lambs"
"I'm Walking 'round the World"
"I Don't Admire the Girl in White (In the Army)"
"Oh! It's a Lovely War"
"Coo-ee"
"Stick to London Town"
"Adeline"
"The King's Navee"
"What a Difference the Navy's Made to Me"
"Why Did You Creep into My Heart?"
"Why Did I Kiss That Girl?"
"I'm Not There At All"
"All the Nice Girls Are in the Ballroom"
"Show Me the Way to Go Home"
"When the Bloom Is on the Heather"
"If You Knew Susie (Like I Know Susie)"
"San Francisco"
"Jolly Good Fellows"
"I'd Do It All Over Again"
"Everybody's Singing"
"Nelly Grey"
References
External links
Burlington Bertie From Baltimore [geoblocked outside the USA]
Ella Shields
Ella Shields (1936) - BFI films
1879 births
1952 deaths
American women singers
American drag kings
Music hall performers
Musicians from Baltimore
Vaudeville performers
Golders Green Crematorium
Singers from Maryland
Fact Monster is an educational technology website geared towards children. It is owned by Infoplease and, like the Infoplease site, it contains several reference works under one umbrella, including the Columbia Encyclopedia, Random House Dictionary, an atlas and an almanac. It also features quizzes, flashcards, a homework center and Flash-based games.
Fact Monster launched in 2000, initially as Infopleasekids.com. In August 2000, Pearson PLC had acquired Family Education Network (FEN) which included infoplease.com. In May 2015, Pearson sold FEN to Sandbox Partners.
In 2001, it won a Webby Award for best youth site. In 2003, it was on the annual list of the Best Free Reference Web Sites by the Reference and User Services Association (RUSA) of the American Library Association (ALA) to recognize outstanding reference sites on the World Wide Web.
Lev Grossman wrote for Time in 2001 a positive review ending with, "It's so cool that kids will forget it's educational." In 2016, Michelle Breckon from Kent State University Libraries wrote in Reference Reviews a recommendation for being "visually appealing" and having a variety for "kids of all ages"; but its navigation can be difficult, lacks citations, and the simple games may be a distraction.
See also
Game Classroom
FunBrain
References
External links
Fact Monster website
American educational websites
The Robert L. Shepherd Desert Arboretum, properly known as the Santa Clara City Arboretum is a desert arboretum located in Santa Clara, Utah, United States. It was established by Robert L. Shepherd, local artist. The arboretum includes interpretive paths around lava flows and through the desert.
As of 2012, the arboretum is closed to the public and is undergoing restoration after a series of wildfires. Non-native tamarisk trees had taken over the riparian area along the Santa Clara River and had choked out the native vegetation and then burned. The city is working with volunteer crews to eradicate the tamarisk trees and restore the riparian area.
References
External links
Robert L. Shepherd Desert Arboretum
See also
List of botanical gardens in the United States
Arboreta in Utah
Botanical gardens in Utah
Protected areas of Washington County, Utah
Kaçarlı is a town in the District of Şereflikoçhisar, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Populated places in Ankara Province
Şereflikoçhisar
Towns in Turkey
Aluminium-ion batteries are a class of rechargeable battery in which aluminium ions serve as charge carriers. Aluminium can exchange three electrons per ion. This means that insertion of one Al3+ is equivalent to three Li+ ions. Thus, since the ionic radii of Al3+ (0.54 Å) and Li+ (0.76 Å) are similar, significantly higher numbers of electrons and Al3+ ions can be accepted by cathodes with little damage. Al has 50 times (23.5 megawatt-hours m-3) the energy density of Li and is even higher than coal.
The trivalent charge carrier, Al3+ is both the advantage and disadvantage of this battery. While transferring 3 units of charge by one ion significantly increases the energy storage capacity, the electrostatic intercalation of the electrodes with a trivalent cation is too strong for well-defined electrochemical behaviour.
Rechargeable aluminium-based batteries offer the possibilities of low cost and low flammability, together with high capacity. Aluminum's inertness and ease of handling in an ambient environment potentially offer significant safety improvements. Hence, aluminum-batteries have the potential to be smaller in size. Al-ion batteries may also have more charge-discharge cycles. Thus, Al-ion batteries have the potential to replace Li-ion batteries.
Design
Like all other batteries, aluminium-ion batteries include two electrodes connected by an electrolyte. Unlike lithium-ion batteries, where the mobile ion is Li+, aluminum forms a complex with chloride in most electrolytes and generates an anionic mobile charge carrier, usually AlCl4− or Al2Cl7−.
The amount of energy or power that a battery can release is dependent on factors including the battery cell's voltage, capacity and chemical composition. A battery can maximize its energy output levels by:
Increasing chemical potential difference between the two electrodes
Reducing the mass of reactants
Preventing the electrolyte from being modified by the chemical reactions
Electrochemistry
Anode half reaction:
{Al} + {7AlCl4^-} <=> {4Al2Cl7^-} + {3e^-}
Cathode half reaction:
{2MnO2} + {Li+} + {e^-} <=> {LiMn2O4}
Combining the two half reactions yields the following reaction:
{Al} + {7AlCl4^-} + {6MnO2} + {3Li+} <=> {4Al2Cl7^-} + {3LiMn2O4}
Lithium-ion comparison
Aluminium-ion batteries are conceptually similar to lithium-ion batteries, but possess an aluminum charge carrier instead of lithium. While the theoretical voltage for aluminium-ion batteries is lower than lithium-ion batteries, 2.65 V and 4 V respectively, the theoretical energy density potential for aluminium-ion batteries is 1060 Wh/kg in comparison to lithium-ion's 406 Wh/kg limit.
Today's lithium-ion batteries have high power density (fast charge/discharge) and high energy density (hold a lot of charge). They can also develop dendrites that can short-circuit and catch fire. Aluminum also transfers energy more efficiently because of its 3 electrons. Aluminium is more abundant/costs less than lithium, lowering material costs.
Challenges
Aluminium-ion batteries to date have a relatively short shelf life. The combination of heat, rate of charge, and cycling can dramatically affect energy capacity. One of the reasons is the fracture of the graphite anode. Al ions are far larger than Li ions.
Ionic electrolytes, while improving safety and the long term stability of the devices by minimizing corrosion, are expensive and may therefore be unsuitable.
Research
Various research teams are experimenting with aluminium to produce better batteries. Requirements include cost, durability, capacity, charging speed, and safety.
Anode
Cornell University
In 2021, researchers announced a cell that used a 3D structured anode in which layers of aluminum accumulate evenly on an interwoven carbon fiber structure via covalent bonding as the battery is charged. The thicker anode features faster kinetics, and the prototype operated for 10k cycles without signs of failure.
Electrolyte
Oak Ridge National Laboratory
Around 2010, Oak Ridge National Laboratory (ORNL) developed and patented a high energy density device, producing 1,060 watt-hours per kilogram (Wh/kg). ORNL used an ionic electrolyte, instead of the typical aqueous electrolyte which can produce hydrogen gas and corrode the anode. The electrolyte was made of 3-ethyl-1-methylimidazolium chloride with excess aluminium trichloride. However, ionic electrolytes are less conductive, reducing power density. Reducing anode/cathode separation can offset the limited conductivity, but causes heating. ORNL devised a cathode made up of spinel manganese oxide that further reduced corrosion.
Cathode
Cornell University
In 2011 a research team used the same electrolyte as ORNL, but used vanadium oxide nanowires for the cathode. Vanadium oxide has an open crystal structure with greater surface area and reduced path between cathode and anode. The device produced a large output voltage. However, the battery had a low coulombic efficiency.
Stanford University
In April 2015 researchers at Stanford University claimed to have developed an aluminum-ion battery with a recharge time of about one minute (for an unspecified battery capacity). Their cell provides about 2 volts, 4 volts if connected in a series of two cells. The prototype lasted over 7,500 charge-discharge cycles with no loss of capacity.
The battery was made of an aluminum anode, liquid electrolyte, isolation foam, and a graphite cathode. During the charging process, AlCl4− ions intercalate among the graphene stacked layers. While discharging, AlCl4− ions rapidly de-intercalate through the graphite. The cell displayed high durability, withstanding more than 10,000 cycles without a capacity decay. The cell was stable, nontoxic, bendable and nonflammable.
In 2016, the lab tested these cells through collaborating with Taiwan's Industrial Technology Research Institute (ITRI) to power a motorbike using an expensive electrolyte. In 2017, a urea-based electrolyte was tested that was about 1% of the cost of the 2015 model. The battery exhibits ~99.7% Coulombic efficiency and a rate capability of 100 mA/g at a cathode capacity of 73 mAh/g (1.4 C).
ALION Project
In June 2015, the High Specific Energy Aluminium-Ion Rechargeable Batteries for Decentralized Electricity Generation Sources (ALION) project was launched by a consortium of materials and component manufacturers and battery assemblers as a European Horizon 2020 project led by the LEITAT research institute. The project objective is to develop a prototype Al-ion battery that could be used for large-scale storage from decentralized sources. The project sought to achieve an energy density of 400 Wh/kg, a voltage of 48 volts and a charge-discharge life of 3000 cycles. 3D printing of the battery packs allowed for large Al-ion cells developed, with voltages ranging from 6 to 72 volts.
University Of Maryland
In 2016, a University of Maryland team reported an aluminium/sulfur battery that utilizes a sulfur/carbon composite as the cathode. The chemistry provides a theoretical energy density of 1340 Wh/kg. The prototype cell demonstrated energy density of 800 Wh/kg for over 20 cycles.
MIT
In 2022, MIT researches reported a design that used cheap and nonflammable ingredients, including an aluminum anode and a sulfur cathode, separated by a molten chloro-aluminate salt electrolyte. The prototype withstood hundreds of charge cycles, and charged quickly. They can operate at temperatures of up to . At °C (230 °F), the batteries charged 25 times faster than at . This temperature can be maintained by the charge/discharge cycle. The salt has a low melting point and prevents dendrite formation. The batteries do not appear to be suitable for vehicles, because their operating temperature is too high. One potential application is at charging stations, where a pre-charged battery could allow the station to charge more vehicles simulatenously without a costly upgrade to the power line. Spinoff company Avanti, co-founded by one of the researchers, is attempting to commercialize the work.
Chalmers University of Technology and the National Institute of Chemistry in Slovenia
In 2019 researchers proposed using anthraquinone for the cathode in an aluminum ion battery.
Queensland University of Technology
In 2019 researchers from Queensland University of Technology developed cryptomelane based electrodes as cathode for Aluminum ion battery with an aqueous electrolyte.
Clemson University
In 2017, researchers at Clemson Nanomaterials Institute used a graphene electrode to intercalate tetrachloroaluminate (). The team constructed batteries with aluminum anodes, pristine or modified few-layer graphene cathodes, and an ionic liquid with AlCl3 salt as the electrolyte. They claimed that the battery can operate over 10,000 cycles with an energy density of 200 Wh/kg.
Zhejiang University
In December 2017 a Zhejiang University team announced a battery using graphene films as cathode and metallic aluminium as anode.
The 3H3C (Trihigh Tricontinuous) design results in a graphene film cathode with excellent electrochemical properties. Liquid crystal graphene formed a highly oriented structure. High temperature annealing under pressure produced a high quality and high channelling graphene structure. Claimed properties:
Retained 91.7 percent of original capacity after 250k cycles.
1.1 second charge time.
Temperature range: -40 to 120 C.
Current capacity: 111 mAh/g, 400 A/g
Bendable and non-flammable.
Low energy density
Redox battery
Another approach to an aluminum battery is to use redox reactions to charge and discharge. The charging process" converts aluminum oxide or aluminum hydroxide, into ionic aluminum, using electrolysis, typically at an aluminum smelter. This requires temperatures of . One report estimated possible efficiency at around 65%. Although ionic aluminum oxidizes in the presence of air, this costs less than 1% of the energy storage capacity.
Discharging the battery involves oxidizing the aluminum, typically with water at temperatures less than 100 °C. This yields aluminum hydroxide and ionic hydrogen. The latter can produce electricity via a fuel cell. The oxidation and the fuel cell are generated heat, which can be support space or water heating.
A higher-temperature process could support industrial applications. It operates at over 200 °C, reacting aluminum with steam to generate aluminum oxide, hydrogen and additional heat.
The ionic aluminum could be stored at the smelter One approach charges the battery at a smelter, and discharges it wherever power and heat are needed. Alternatively, electricity could be fed into the grid at the smelter, without the need for transport, although for maximum round-trip efficiency, the heat would have to be used at the smelter site.
See also
Aluminium-air battery
Comparison of battery types
List of battery types
Energy density
References
External links
Cathode materials for rechargeable aluminum batteries: current status and progress
Metal-ion batteries
Aluminium
The Life of the Mind in America: From the Revolution to the Civil War is a book by Perry Miller It won the 1966 Pulitzer Prize for History.
References
1965 non-fiction books
Pulitzer Prize for History-winning works
American history books
History books about the American Civil War
American political books
Harcourt (publisher) books
Constitutional Assembly elections were held in Bulgaria in 1886. The body known as the Grand National Assembly (Bulgaria: Велико народно събрание - Veliko Narodno Subranie) was convened for a third time in order to elect a new prince following the abdication of Alexander I. The assembly was composed of 493 representatives and convened on 19 October 1886. It then dissolved itself on 3 August 1887, having elected Ferdinand Saxe-Coburg and Gotha as the new prince of Bulgaria.
References
Bulgaria
1886 in Bulgaria
Elections in Bulgaria
Karapınar, Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı, Ankara Province, Turkey. The village is 4 km away from Polatlı town center and 69 km to Ankara.
The village is populated by Kurds and Tatars.
References
Villages in Polatlı District
Kurdish settlements in Ankara Province
Kapkaykent (; , Qapkaygent) is a rural locality (a selo) in Kayakentsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 1,020 as of 2010. There are 21 streets.
Geography
Kapkaykent is located 31 km southwest of Novokayakent (the district's administrative centre) by road. Dzhavankent and Bashlykent are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Kumyks live there.
References
Rural localities in Kayakentsky District
Destroyer Squadron 50 (DESRON 50) is a destroyer squadron of the United States Navy. The squadron was first formed during World War II when the squadron commodore and their staff led ships in the Pacific Theater from October 1943 until its disestablishment in November 1945. The squadron was equipped with nine s, comprising Destroyer Divisions (DesDivs) 99 and 100.
For much of 1944, the squadron operated together with Admiral Marc Mitscher's Fast Carrier Task Force, screening the aircraft carrier and a number of other carriers in Rear Admiral John W. Reeves' Task Group during the Marshall Islands and Marianas operations. It participated in the Battle of the Philippine Sea on 19–20 June 1944.
The squadron was re-established on 30 November 1994 during ceremonies aboard the aircraft carrier . Captain David M. Stone took command of the squadron, 49 years after it stood down in the Pacific. It appears to be based at Manama, Bahrain alongside the rest of the United States Fifth Fleet (FIFTHFLT) headquarters.
Commander Middle East Force (MEF) also served as Commander Destroyer Squadron 50 until MEF's formal disestablishment in 2012–2013. Cruisers, destroyers, and frigates deployed to the region, usually about five at a time, to form the Middle East Force. They perform Maritime Interception Operations (MIO), participate in regional exercises, and serve during contingencies. They deploy as either the LANTMEF (Atlantic Marine Expeditionary Force) or PACMEF (Pacific MEF). While in the region, they are coordinated in Fifth Fleet by Commander, Destroyer Squadron 50.
deployed to the Persian Gulf in October 1994 and served as flagship to Commander, Destroyer Squadron 50 conducted Maritime Interception Operations in boarding numerous suspect vessels resulting in the diversion and detention of three vessels.
Under Operational Command of Commander Fifth Fleet, COMDESRON 50 was the Multi-National Interdiction Operations (MIO) Commander for an area in the Persian Gulf, referred to as the NAG patrol area, working in company with American, Canadian and other naval forces providing around the clock surveillance and enforcement of United Nations sanctions against Iraq. Many of the vessels to be boarded are smaller Indian cargo dhows or Mandi kutches of approximately 250–500 tons. Though small in size, the cargo dhows presented many unique problems to the boarding parties, primarily limited access to cargo holds and more importantly, a distinct language barrier.
The frigate participated in a combined naval exercise between the United States and a friendly gulf nation's forces in January 1995. Under the direction of Commander in Chief U.S. Central Command (CINCCENT) and the direct tasking of Commander, U.S. Naval Forces Central Command, Jarrett conducted exercises with three naval ships of a host Arabian nation. Jarrett, home ported in San Diego, was deployed in the Persian Gulf under the operational control of Commander, Destroyer Squadron 50. Jarrett was taking part in Operation Southern Watch under Commander, Middle East Force. The intent of the exercises was to improve the readiness and interoperability between the United States and friendly naval forces.
returned home 28 August 1998, following a lengthy Middle East Force deployment. O'Brien was assigned various missions during its three and a half month stay in the Persian Gulf. In mid-April the ship participated in the multinational exercise "Neon Spark 98" with British and Bahraini units, serving as flagship for Commander, Destroyer Squadron 50.
The naval control of shipping Exercise Lucky Mariner 13 (LM13) began on November 30, 2012, and included eight time zones, multiple countries, agencies and U.S. Army participation. Commander Task Forces (CTF) 50, 53, 55 and 57, all components of the U.S. 5th Fleet, also
participated in LM13. served as the flagship for the exercise, hosting Commander Destroyer Squadron 50. The annual exercise between U.S. Navy forces, Royal Navy forces, coalition observers, and Naval Cooperation and Guidance for Shipping (NCAGS), a component of U.S. Fleet Forces Command, is aimed at testing the U.S. NCAGS machinery. It flexes the mobilization and expeditionary nature of NCAGS while integrating with the Maritime Liaison Office, United Kingdom Maritime Trade Organization, U.S. Maritime Administration and the commercial shipping industry.
Winston S. Churchill joined Royal Navy frigate , Military Sealift Command ammunition ship and merchant vessels MV Arcturus Voyager and Maron Castor for a convoy training exercise, acting as an active test of NCAGS principles.
On 3 July 2013, U.S. Navy officials told the United States Naval Institute that in an era of tightening budgets and with the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan winding down, the need for as many large ships, like s, in the Fifth Fleet is less. Destroyer Squadron 50 and Combined Task Force 55 (DESRON 50/CTF-55) commander Captain Joseph Naman said that "..[O]ur numbers of DDGs we have out here have declined over the past year." Patrol craft are taking up a lot of their previous missions. However Naman said destroyers would still remain : "..[T]hey still have a mission here.”
By 2014, the Navy will have ten s homeported in Bahrain to operate in the Persian Gulf and as far afield as the Gulf of Oman, Captain Naman said. The ships have a range of missions including providing security for infrastructure, like off-shore oil platforms, as well as providing close-in protection for larger ships such as destroyers. Three ships — , , and — arrived in Bahrain on 3 July 2013, to increase the total number of ships to eight. Two more ships — and — will arrive by mid-2014.
References
External links
http://www.globalsecurity.org/military/agency/navy/desron50.htm (reproducing older U.S. Government and U.S. Navy releases)
Destroyer squadrons of the United States Navy
Military units and formations established in 1943
Batrachorhina principis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Per Olof Christopher Aurivillius in 1910.
References
Batrachorhina
Beetles described in 1910
John Walsh (1856 – 26 August 1925) was a prominent Irish business person, and a nationalist politician of the All-for-Ireland League. They were Member of Parliament (MP) for County Cork South from 1910 until 1918, taking their seat in the House of Commons of what was then the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.
Born in Bandon, County Cork, they were an extensive farmer and chairperson of the Beamish and Crawford Bottling Co. Ltd. Cork., as well as head of J. P. Walsh & Co.. Was a member of the Cork County Council (1910–1920) in their capacity as chairperson of the Bandon Rural District Council. J.P., co. Cork.
In the December 1910 general elections they were returned as MP for the constituency of South Cork, representing William O'Brien's All-for-Ireland League. Together with the other party members they did not contest their seat in the 1918 election.
They died at Kilbrittain on 26 August 1925 and was buried privately.
Notes
External links
1856 births
1925 deaths
UK MPs 1910–1918
All-for-Ireland League MPs
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for County Cork constituencies (1801–1922)
Local councillors in County Cork
Politicians from County Cork
Enrico Tazzoli is the name of more than one Italian submarine, named after Enrico Tazzoli, a 19th century Italian Patriot.
, a launched in 1935 and sunk in 1943.
, a acquired in 1954 and sold in 1972 for scrapping which previously had served in the United States Navy as USS Barb.
Italian Navy ship names
The 1999 Thai Premier League consisted of 12 teams. The bottom club would be relegated to the Thailand Division 1 League. The club that came 11th would play in a relegation / promotion match against the club that came second in the Thailand Division 1 League
Defending Champions Sinthana would enter the next edition of the Asian Club Championship.
The league was also known as the Caltex Premier League.
Member clubs
Bangkok Bank
Bangkok Bank of Commerce (''promoted from Division 1)
BEC Tero Sasana
Sinthana
Krung Thai Bank
Osotsapa M-150
Port Authority of Thailand
Bangkok Metropolitan Administration
Royal Thai Air Force
Royal Thai Army
Thai Farmers Bank
TOT
Final league table
Promotion and relegation Playoff
The club that came 11th would play in a relegation / promotion match against the runner-up in the Thailand Division 1 League
† Royal Thai Army relegated to the Thailand Division 1 League and Royal Thai Navy promoted to the Thai Premier League in next season.
Queen's Cup
The 27th edition of the Queen's Cup was won by guest side Hanyang University of South Korea. This would be their 7th and final victory in the competition.
Thailand FA Cup
Bangkok Bank won and retained the trophy for the second year running, by defeating Osotsapa 2-1. This was Bangkok Bank's 4th victory in the competition.
Asian Representation
After failing in the 1998–99 Asian Cup Winners Cup the previous year, Sinthana would progress to the third round, and group stage of the 1999–2000 Asian Club Championship. On their way to the group stage, Sinthana would gain victories over GD Lam Pak of Macau and Singapore Armed Forces FC. In the group stage they would once again come up against Kashima Antlers and be out played. Jubilo Iwata and Suwon Samsung Bluewings would also make up the group.
Bangkok Bank reached the semi-finals of the 1999–2000 Asian Cup Winners Cup, where they were beaten by Shimizu S-Pulse of Japan on penalties in a game played in Chiang Mai. Bangkok Bank would compose themselves to win the 3rd/4th place match in beating Navbakhor Namangan FC of Uzbekistan.
Annual awards
Coach of the Year
Piyapong Piew-on - Royal Thai Air Force
Top scorer
Sutee Suksomkit - 13 Goals Thai Farmers Bank
Champions
The league champion was Royal Thai Air Force. It was the team's second title.
References
Thailand 1999 RSSSF
External links
Official Website
Thai League 1 seasons
Thailand
Thailand
1
Ryan Westley (born 19 August 1993) is a British slalom canoeist who has competed at the international level since 2009.
They won four medals at the World Championships with two silvers (C1: 2018, C1 team: 2017) and two bronzes (C1: 2015, C1 team: 2018). They also won one gold and two bronze medals at the European Championships.
World Cup individual podiums
References
External links
1993 births
English male canoeists
Living people
Sportspeople from Exeter
Medalists at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships
The 2015 Rhode Island Rams football team represented the University of Rhode Island in the 2015 NCAA Division I FCS football season. They were led by second year head coach Jim Fleming and played their home games at Meade Stadium. They were a member of the Colonial Athletic Association. They finished the season 1–10, 1–7 in CAA play to finish in last place.
Schedule
Game summaries
at Syracuse
at Albany
Harvard
at Maine
at Brown
Delaware
Richmond
at New Hampshire
Villanova
Stony Brook
at Towson
References
Rhode Island
Rhode Island Rams football seasons
Rhode Island Rams football
Kamila Thompson is a singer-songwriter based in London and New York.  They are more commonly known as Kami Thompson. They have been seen touring with Bonny Prince Billy, Teddy Thompson, Sean Lennon and others, as well as appearances with the Wainwright clan at Carnegie Hall and with a host of illustrious artists at Hal Willner's "Came So Far for Beauty" Leonard Cohen tribute in Dublin. Them debut recording, an EP Bad Marriage, was released in June 2010. Them debut album Love Lies was released in the UK on Warner Music in 2011. Thompson also performs and records as part of the band The Rails with husband James Walbourne. The band's first EP Habit was released on Edwyn Collins' label AED Records in early 2012, and their debut album Fair Warning was released on Island Records' legendary Pink label on 5 May 2014.
Early life and family
Thompson is the youngest child of Richard and Linda Thompson. Them older brother is Teddy Thompson.
Career
Thompson was backing and harmony vocalist on Linda Thompson's 2002 album Fashionably Late and Linda's 2007 album Versatile Heart, which also features a track written by Kamila called "Nice Cars".
They were an opener on the tour of Sean Lennon. They have also toured with Will Oldham (Bonny Prince Billy) in Australia and New Zealand and performed in Hal Willner's "Came So Far for Beauty" tribute to Leonard Cohen in Dublin in 2006 as well as the Wainwright Family's Christmas show at Carnegie Hall.
On 24 October 2011, Kami released their debut full-length album Love Lies, on Warner Music UK.
Thompson is featured on Sam Sallon's 2013 album One for the Road singing a duet on the song "It's Not Hard to Lose Your Way".
In 2014, Kami's band The Rails, featuring their husband James Walbourne, released their debut album Fair Warning. Later that year, The Rails appear on the album Family (2014) by Thompson (the band being named for all the Thompsons that appear), having written two songs for the project.
Kami features on the track "Your Baby", from Jinnwoo's debut album Strangers Bring Me No Light, released on 2 September 2016.
Releases
Solo albums
Solo EPs
Albums with The Rails
Features and appearances
References
External links
Kami Thompson Official website
Dead Flamingoes' Official Website
Kamila Thompson's MySpace Music MySpace page
Last FM Profile
Living people
British women songwriters
1983 births
21st-century British women singers
The Municipal Offices () are in Lion Street, Blaenavon, Torfaen, Wales. The structure, which was used as the headquarters of Blaenavon Urban District Council, is a Grade II listed building.
History
Following significant population growth, largely associated with the local ironworks, a local board of health was established in Blaenavon in 1858 and subsequently established its offices in an existing building in Lion Street; after the area became an urban district in 1894, the new urban district council retained the building as its offices.
By the late 1920s, the building had become dilapidated and council officials decided to demolish it and to commission bespoke offices on the same site. The new building was designed by the town surveyor, John Morgan, in the neoclassical style, built in brick with a rusticated stucco finish on the ground floor and with a rendered roughcast finish on the first floor, and was completed in 1930. The design involved a broadly symmetrical main frontage with five bays facing onto Lion Street. The central bay featured a doorway which was flanked by brackets supporting a stone balcony; there were French doors on the first floor and a Dutch gable with finials above. Additional Dutch gables were used as decoration above the first bay on the left and above the canted bay on the corner with the High Street. Internally, the principal room was the council chamber on the first floor.
The building continued to serve as the offices of the urban district council for much of the 20th century, but ceased to be the local seat of government when the enlarged Torfaen District Council was established in 1974. It was then used by Torfaen District Council as a "sub-office" until the early 1990s, when it was abandoned and the building started deteriorating badly. A major programme of restoration works, costing £800,000, was completed in 2001. On completion of the works, the local public library, which had been based in a former school building in Park Street, relocated to the municipal offices. The Blaenavon Museum, which had acquired the collection of the novelist, Alexander Cordell, moved into the basement of the municipal offices in 2002.
However, in 2015, Torfaen Council decided to rationalise its estate and, after the library had moved to the Blaenavon World Heritage in Church Road and museum had relocated to the Blaenavon Workmen's Hall, the municipal offices were sold to a private investor for commercial use in 2016.
References
Grade II listed buildings in Torfaen
Government buildings completed in 1930
City and town halls in Wales
Blaenavon
Kang Kyung-jin (Hangul: 강경진; Hanja: 姜京珍; born 24 March 1973) is a former badminton player and coach from South Korea. They were the men's doubles champion at the 1997 All England Open and 1998 Asian Championships. They competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
Early life
The left-handler Kang Kyung-jin, began to play badminton when they were in the third grade of Dongdaegu Elementary School, recognized by their teacher who is also a badminton coach in a club. In the beginning, they want to be a baseball player, following their father who was also a baseball player.
Career
As a player, Kang was best known for winning the 1997 All England Open men's doubles title with Ha Tae-kwon. In the same year, Kang and Ha also won major titles at the Swedish Open and the Korea Open and the following year, they won the Badminton Asia Championships. In the 1994 Asian Games, they won two silver medals, in mixed doubles and in the men's team event.
Coach
Kang graduated from Inha University, and after that they started their career as a coach in Gangnam-gu office team. They later are selected to join the national team as men's doubles coach in 2003, and took part at the Summer Olympics from 2004–2016, with their best achievements was managed to lead Ha Tae-kwon and Kim Dong-moon to win a gold medal in 2004. They spent one year as the head coach of the national junior team, and then Kang was named as the head coach of the senior national team in December 2016, with their term to run from 1 January 2017 to 30 October 2018. Following the Korean team's disappointing results at the 2018 Asian Games, Kang with some of Korean coaching staff were fired by the Badminton Korea Association (BKA). In September 2019, they were hired to join Chinese national team coaching staff, and made a history in China badminton as the first foreign coach on their team.
Personal life
Kang wife, Park Soo-yun, is also a former badminton player.
Achievements
World Championships
Mixed doubles
Asian Games
Mixed doubles
Asian Championships
Men's doubles
Mixed doubles
Asian Cup
Mixed doubles
East Asian Games
Men's doubles
IBF World Grand Prix
The World Badminton Grand Prix sanctioned by International Badminton Federation (IBF) since 1983.
Men's doubles
Mixed doubles
IBF International
Men's doubles
Men's doubles
References
1973 births
Living people
South Korean male badminton players
Badminton players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Olympic badminton players of South Korea
Badminton players at the 1994 Asian Games
Badminton players at the 1998 Asian Games
Asian Games silver medalists for South Korea
Asian Games bronze medalists for South Korea
Asian Games medalists in badminton
Medalists at the 1994 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1998 Asian Games
Inha University alumni
Badminton coaches
World No. 1 badminton players
Sonu Yadav (born 11 November 1999) is an Indian cricketer. They made their Twenty20 debut on 10 January 2021, for Tamil Nadu in the 2020–21 Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy. They made their List A debut on 20 February 2021, for Tamil Nadu in the 2020–21 Vijay Hazare Trophy.
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
Indian cricketers
Tamil Nadu cricketers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Carey Villegas is a visual effects artist who was nominated at the 83rd Academy Awards in the category of Best Visual Effects, for the film Alice in Wonderland. Their nomination was shared with Sean Phillips, Ken Ralston and David Schaub. Also for Alice in Wonderland, Carey won the 2010 Golden Satellite Award for Best Visual Effects and was nominated for the British Academy Award (BAFTA), Critics Choice Award, Saturn Award, and the Visual Effects Society Award (VES) for "Outstanding Visual Effects in a Visual Effects Driven Motion Picture".
In 2004, as a Visual Effects Supervisor, Carey was nominated for a Visual Effects Society Award (VES) for "Outstanding Supporting Visual Effects in a Motion Picture" for Bad Boys II. And in 2015, as the Senior Visual Effects Supervisor on Disney's Maleficent, Carey was nominated for another VES Award for "Outstanding Visual Effects in a Visual Effects Driven Motion Picture". They were also nominated for a 2014 Hollywood Post Alliance Award (HPA) for "Outstanding Visual Effects in a Feature Film".
Carey is a member of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts & Sciences (AMPAS), the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA), the Visual Effects Society (VES), the International Animated Film Society, and the Society of Motion Picture and Television Engineers (SMPTE).
Selected filmography
Sgt. Bilko (1996)
Chain Reaction (1996)
Michael Collins (1996)
Titanic (1997)
Dante's Peak (1997)
The Fifth Element (1997)
Armageddon (1998)
What Dreams May Come (1998)
Fight Club (1999)
Supernova (2000)
Rules of Engagement (2000)
What Lies Beneath (2000)
Cast Away (2000)
America's Sweethearts (2001)
I Spy (2002)
Hollywood Homicide (2003)
Bad Boys II (2003)
The Forgotten (2004)
Bewitched (2005)
Superman Returns (2006)
Spider-Man 3 (2007)
The Jane Austen Book Club (2007)
I Am Legend (2007)
Eagle Eye (2008)
Hancock (2008)
Crazy on the Outside (2010)
Alice in Wonderland (2010)
Maleficent (2014)
References
External links
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Special effects people
Kunai is an action-platform video game developed by TurtleBlaze and published by The Arcade Crew. The game was released on February 6, 2020 for Windows and Nintendo Switch. In the game, the player controls Tabby, a robot tasked with defeating Lemonkus, an AI that nearly causes the extinction of humanity. In July 2020, The Arcade Crew partnered with Limited Run Games to release physical copies of the Nintendo Switch version. The physical copies were released in October 2020. The PC version received generally favorable reviews, while the Nintendo Switch version received mixed reviews.
Gameplay
In Kunai, the player controls Tabby, a robot awakened by a group of resistance robots. Early on in the game, Tabby finds a katana and a pair of kunai. The katana can strike downwards, allowing Tabby to bounce off enemies. It can also be used to deflect bullets. Tabby is healed when they attack an enemy with the sword. A blacksmith will upgrade the katana if Tabby has enough coins. Coins are collected when Tabby destroys enemies or objects with the katana. The kunai are used as grappling hooks, allowing Tabby to traverse the world easier. Tabby's health is restored at save points.
As Tabby progresses, they collect more abilities, such as machine guns, shuriken, and an additional mid-air jump. The machine guns can be used as a way to cross gaps, and the shuriken can stun enemies or activate switches. Tabby receives a hat when they defeat a boss. Secret rooms can be found in the game's world. Chests can be found in these areas. They contain hats, currency, or heart pieces. Upgrades can also be purchased from WiFi routers found in each area.
Development and release
Kunai was developed by TurtleBlaze, a three-man indie studio based in The Hague. Kunai started out as a mobile game. The team was looking for a publisher for their prototype, and bought tickets to the 2018 Game Developers Conference. The team planned multiple meetings with publishers, but decided to not make a mobile game. The team wanted to create a "premium gaming experience". When the Nintendo Switch released in 2017, the team decided to pivot the prototype towards the console. TurtleBlaze received game development kits from Nintendo. In four weeks, the team turned the mobile prototype into a Nintendo Switch prototype. They had to change the game from portrait-based to landscape-based, rework the controls, and learn how to use the development kit. Since Kunai used the Unity engine, porting the game to PC was easier, according to producer Bram Stege. Tabby originated as a robotic monkey, but the team chose to create something more "unique".
In 2018, Kunai was featured at Gamescom and the Tokyo Game Show. The Arcade Crew announced Kunai on March 13, 2019, with a planned launch on PC and Nintendo Switch. The game was included in the Fanatical Platinum Build Your Own Bundle. Kunai was showcased at the 2019 Game Developers Conference and at PAX East 2019. The game was featured at E3 2019 and PAX West 2019. In October, Kunai was given a release window of early 2020. Four minutes of Kunai's gameplay was also released in October. It showed off the game's world and a boss battle with Furious Ferro. The game's demo was available at the 2019 Day of the Devs event. Kunai's release date was announced on January 14, 2020. A boss trailer was released on the same day.
The game was featured again at PAX South 2020. Kunai was released for Microsoft Windows and Nintendo Switch on February 6, 2020. A launch trailer was released on that day to celebrate the game's launch. In July, The Arcade Crew partnered with Limited Run Games to release physical editions of the Nintendo Switch version. The physical editions were released in October 2020, and came with a sticker set and a standard box. A Tabby pin was included as a pre-order gift. In July, Kunai was one of the free Twitch Prime games. In 2022, Kunai was one of 20 games available during Fanatical's Build Your Own Easter Bundle event.
Reception
Kunai's PC version received "generally favorable" reviews, while the Nintendo Switch version received "mixed or average" reviews, according to review aggregator Metacritic. It received a score of 32 out of 40 from Famitsu, based on individual reviews of 8, 8, 8, and 8.
Shaun Musgrave from TouchArcade praised the gameplay mechanics, believing that the combat was solid. However, Musgrave felt that the exploration could have been improved, and called the game's backtracking "tiresome". Gamespot's Alessandro Barbosa commended the visual style, combat, and aeriel movement. They also described the backtracking as "tiresome". Barbosa called the setting "interesting", but was disappointed by the lack of depth. Joe Juba from Game Informer felt that Kunai had the right components, but did not believe that it was assembled into a "cohesive whole". Daniel Bloodworth from Easy Allies gave Kunai a 7.5/10, writing that the visual style "stands out", and felt that is been "reminiscent" to that of a Game Boy. Bloodworth called the controls "fantastic", but was disappointed by the difficulty of the bosses.
Hardcore Gamer's Jordan Helm felt that the game may "stumble" from a lack of earlier detailing, but called it a "fun, if brief, adventure". Jordan Palmer from Windows Central wrote that Kunai was "polished", and "funny". They praised the design, combat, exploration, and soundtrack. Palmer described the visuals as "unique", but criticized the keyboard controls, writing that they "feel awkward".
Nintendo Life's Ben Sledge called the weapons "interesting", but criticized the amount of backtracking. Sledge did believe that the game fit well on the Nintendo Switch. Nintendo World Report's Neal Ronaghan praised the "Spider-Man-esque" movement, levels, and minimalist presentation. Ronaghan described the boss battles and exploration as "smartly designed". USgamer's Mike Williams wrote that Kunai "stands out" with "exceptionally fluid" combat, and praised the "Game Boy Color aesthetic". They criticized the amount of backtracking in Kunai, and felt that the level design did not offer many branching paths. Williams believed that Kunai had a great foundation for sequel.
Nominations
Kunai won third place at the 2020 Big Indie Pitch PC/Console Edition.
Review bombing
In February 2020, Kunai was review bombed on Metacritic, decreasing its user rating from 8.1 to 1.7 in a day. The studio found out that the review bombing was caused by a single user. The user used several email addresses to create around 200 accounts on Metacritic to bring the user rating down. At the time, Metacritic had no policy to identify or handle review bombing. The team reached out to Metacritic, sharing the information they had about the lack of security measures in the user review process.
References
Notes
References
External links
Official website
2020 video games
Action video games
Indie video games
Metroidvania games
Nintendo Switch games
Platform games
Post-apocalyptic video games
Science fiction video games
Single-player video games
Video games about ninja
Video games about robots
Video games developed in the Netherlands
Windows games
Romeo Neri (26 March 1903 – 23 September 1961) was an Italian gymnast. They won three gold medals at the 1932 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, becoming, along with Helene Madison of the United States, the most successful athlete there. They previously won a silver medal at the 1928 Summer Olympics. In 1934 they won a silver medal and a bronze medal at the world championships in Budapest.
Career
Neri took swimming, running, weightlifting and boxing before changing to gymnastics. In 1926 they won the national championships in the parallel bars, followed by four all-round titles in 1928–1930 and 1933. At the 1928 Olympics, besides winning a silver on the horizontal bar, they finished fourth on the rings and all-around. At the next games they won the all-around competition with a 5.7-point gap from second place and greatly helped Italy to win the team gold. They also won gold on the parallel bars and finished fourth on the floor. At the 1936 Olympics Neri competed with a torn arm muscle and did not complete their events. They retired from competitions at the onset of World War II, and after the war worked as a gymnastics coach, preparing the national team for the 1952 Olympics and training their sons Romano and Giambattista.
Neri was the first gold medalist from Rimini, and the football stadium there, Stadio Romeo Neri, bears their name.
See also
Legends of Italian sport - Walk of Fame
List of multiple Olympic gold medalists
Stadio Romeo Neri
References
External links
1903 births
1961 deaths
Sportspeople from Rimini
Italian male artistic gymnasts
Olympic gymnasts of Italy
Olympic gold medalists for Italy
Olympic silver medalists for Italy
Gymnasts at the 1928 Summer Olympics
Gymnasts at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Gymnasts at the 1936 Summer Olympics
Olympic medalists in gymnastics
Medalists at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1928 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the World Artistic Gymnastics Championships
Nevada Heights is a neighborhood in Spokane, Washington, located on the north side of the city. Its southern border is atop a bluff that runs east–west across the north side of the city, which gives the neighborhood its name. Nevada Street, a major north–south arterial, runs through the neighborhood. The neighborhood is largely residential, but also home to large retail districts, medical facilities, schools and parks. Being surrounded by the city of Spokane on all sides, the neighborhood is well integrated into urban area.
History
The Spokane people have lived in what is now Nevada Heights for hundreds of years prior to the arrival of European settlers.
With the arrival of pioneers and settlers in the 1880s, development began in the southern areas of Nevada Heights. Originally known as Lidgerwood Park, after John and Harriet Lidgerwood, early settlers who purchased and subdivided the land in the area, development began in 1889. Along with the Lidgerwoods, Patrick and Ida Byrne and Chester and Beatrice Glass were early developers in the Nevada Heights neighborhood. Byrne and Glass Parks bear their names to this day. Chester Glass' City Park Transit Company brought a streetcar line to Lidgerwood Park in 1890. To help spur development, 150 lots were auctioned off in the neighborhood as part of a celebration of the line's arrival.
The area south of Empire Avenue was annexed into the city of Spokane in 1891 and the rest of the neighborhood was annexed in 1907. By 1923, two streetcar lines served the neighborhood. One along Addison Street and the other along Nevada Street, both terminating around Rowan Avenue.
Development expanded northward over the years as the population of the city increased. The area south of Wellesley was developed mostly between 1910 and 1950. Between Wellesley and Francis Avenue development began during the post-World War II housing boom and was filled in by the 1960s. The shopping center that became NorthTown Mall was initially developed in the early-1950s with an Albertsons Supermarket. The "NorthTown" name was applied to the shopping center in 1955 and large department stores such as Sears and The Crescent were built on the site, opening in 1962. In 1983 the mall was converted into an enclosed, single building structure.
The neighborhood used to be called Nevada/Lidgerwood and extend beyond Francis Avenue in the north all the way to the city limits. In 2016, the city split the Nevada/Lidgerwood at Francis Avenue, with the area to the north becoming the Shiloh Hills neighborhood and the area to the south becoming Nevada Heights.
Geography
Nevada Heights is located on the northeast side of Spokane. The rectangular neighborhood is bounded by Division Street to the east, the city's main north–south thoroughfare, Francis Avenue on the north, a major east–west thoroughfare across the north side, Perry Street on the east and Euclid Avenue on the south. The southern border runs along a hillside that climbs between 40 and 50 feet from the lower elevations to the south. Beyond the hillside, however, Nevada Heights' terrain is quite flat, though it rises slightly to the north.
Most of the neighborhood is zoned as single family residential, but it is also home to some important commercial and retail districts. The entire length of Division Street and Francis Avenue through Nevada Lidgerwood are zoned for commercial and retail uses. There are four neighborhood retail zones along Nevada Street at Bridgeport, Empire, Wellesley and Rowan Avenues.
NorthTown Mall, an indoor shopping mall, takes up eight square blocks at Division and Wellesley. Four blocks to the north, at Division and Rowan, is another eight square block area home to a large strip mall along Division and the Providence Holy Family Hospital campus in the four blocks on the east. These are the only notable deviations from the city's street grid in the neighborhood.
Education
Four schools are located in Nevada Heights, three public and one private. The public schools are part of Spokane Public Schools. The private Gonzaga Prep high school campus is located mostly in the neighboring Logan neighborhood, but extends into Nevada Heights in the far southeast of the neighborhood.
Longfellow Elementary, located in the southern half of the neighborhood, serves the southeastern quarter of the Nevada Heights. Willard Elementary, in the adjacent North Hill neighborhood serves the southwestern portion of Nevada Heights. Lidgerwood Elementary, located in the northern half of the neighborhood, serves the northwestern area of Nevada Heights. The northeastern area is served by Willard Elementary in the adjacent Willard neighborhood. Lidgerwood and Whitman feed into Garry Middle School, which is located in the northern half of the neighborhood. Longfellow feeds into Shaw Middle School, located in the neighborhing Bemiss neighborhood. Willard feeds into Glover Middle School in the Audubon/Downriver neighborhood. Garry and Shaw feed into Rogers High School. Glover feeds into North Central High School.
Demographics
As of 2017, there were 13,750 residents in the neighborhood across 5,502 households, of which 51.1% earned less than $35,000 per year. 46.1% of households were rented, compared to 45.3% citywide. 27.7% of the residents were aged 19 or younger, compared to 21.9% citywide. Those over 65 made up 10.6% of the population, compared to 14.5% citywide. The median household income was $34,401, compared to $44,768 citywide. 13.1% of the population had a bachelor's degree or higher, while 33.2% had at most a high school diploma. The unemployment rate was 7.8% compared to 6.5% citywide. 84.7% of students qualify for free or reduced lunch, compared to 54.5% citywide.
Transportation
Highway
- U.S. 2 - to Newport (north) and Spokane (south)
U.S. 2 passes north–south as the western boundary of Nevada Heights along Division Street.
- U.S. 395 - to Colville (north) and Spokane (south)
U.S. 395 passes north–south as the western boundary of Nevada Heights along Division Street.
- State Route 291 - to Tumtum (north) and Spokane (south)
State Route 291 runs west along Francis Avenue from its southern terminus at Division Street in the extreme northwest corner of Nevada Heights.
Surface Streets
Nevada Heights is well integrated into the city's street grid, and almost all of the neighborhood is laid out accordingly. Division Street carries U.S. Route 2 and U.S. Route 395 through the neighborhood, but it is not a limited access highway. Division and Nevada Streets are major north–south thoroughfares classified as principal arterials by the city. Francis and Wellesley Avenues are major east–west thoroughfares also classified as principal arterials. Addison Street, Empire Avenue and Rowan Avenue are classified as minor arterials. Euclid Avenue, Lidgerwood Street and Perry Street are considered major collectors, while Central and Queen Avenues are considered minor collectors. The rest of the streets in Nevada Heights are local access.
Bicycles are prohibited on Division Street through Nevada Heights. There is a dedicated bike lane along Addison Street, which parallels Division three blocks to the east. Central and Rowan Avenues do not have dedicated bike lanes, but are considered shared roadway bike routes.
Public Transit
The Spokane Transit Authority, the region's public transportation provider, serves Nevada Heights with five fixed schedule bus lines.
References
Geography of Spokane, Washington
Neighborhoods in Spokane, Washington
FK Meteor Prague VIII is a football club located in Prague-Libeň, Czech Republic. It currently plays in the Czech Fourth Division. Founded in 1896, it is one of the oldest football clubs in the country. The club played in the inaugural Czechoslovak First League in 1925.
Reserves
As of 2011–12, Meteor's reserve team, FK Meteor Prague VIII B, play in the I.B class.
Historical names
1896 Sportovní kroužek Kotva Libeň
1899 SK Meteor Libeň
1901 SK Meteor Praha VIII
1948 Sokol České Loděnice
1953 DSO Spartak Loděnice
1957 TJ Libeň Loděnice
1966 TJ Meteor Praha
1976 TJ Meteor Praha ŽSP
19?? TJ Meteor Praha
19?? SK Meteor Praha
1994 FK Meteor Praha VIII
Honours
Czech Fourth Division, Divize B
Champions 2012–13
Prague Championship (fifth tier)
Champions 2007–08
References
External links
Official website
FK Meteor Prague VIII at the website of the Prague Football Association
Football clubs in the Czech Republic
Meteor
Prague, Meteor
Association football clubs established in 1896
Football clubs in Austria-Hungary
Sputnik Observatory (SPTNK) is an educational non-profit organization that specializes in the study of contemporary culture. SPTNK documents, archives and disseminates ideas that are shaping modern thought. SPTNK has a website designed by Jonathan Harris that interconnects ideas in fields as diverse as quantum physics, mathematics, neuroscience, biology, economics, architecture, digital art, video games, computer science and music. Conversations include such people as physicist Freeman Dyson, game designer Will Wright, venture capitalist Jacques Vallée, biologist Lynn Margulis, aerospace entrepreneur Robert Bigelow, architect Lars Spuybroek and computer scientist Vint Cerf..
Sputnik Observatory was established and funded in New York City in 2003 by the principals of Sputnik Inc. Its goal is to encourage lifelong learning within a democratic space where people can listen and engage with ideas that inform contemporary history. Board Members include John Perry Barlow, Hiro Yamagata, Bruce Odland and Dorion Sagan.
References
External links
Sputnik Observatory
Jonathan Harris
Bruce Odland
Non-profit organizations based in the United States
American educational websites
The Doctor's Wife is a novel by Northern Irish-Canadian writer Brian Moore, published in 1976 (by Jonathan Cape in the United Kingdom, by Farrar, Straus & Giroux in the United States and by McClelland & Stewart in Canada). Shortlisted for the Booker Prize, it tells the story of Sheila Redden, a doctor's wife from Belfast, who takes an American lover eleven years their junior while in Paris. They then separates from both their husband and their new lover.
Reception
People magazine observed that in this novel, as in two of their previous works, Judith Hearne and I Am Mary Dunne, Moore writes from "inside the consciousness of a woman... Moore, who has always loved Paris, splendidly evokes shuttered French hotel rooms and boulevard cafes with precise, echoing details. But in telling explicitly of the ardor and the loyalties which rend the doctor's wife, they will doubtless divide women readers who crave romance from feminists who don't."
Lynda Bryans, TV presenter and lecturer, commenting in the Belfast Telegraph, said: "The book is beautifully written... It describes passion, pain, love and grief. Moore writes about the feelings of Mrs Redden (the doctor's wife) so well it's hard to imagine the book is written by a man.”
However, Julian Moynahan, reviewing the book for The New York Times, said: "Despite its great technical skill and air of timeliness", The Doctor's Wife "is really quite old‐fashioned in plot management and quite conventional in its implications... When Moore is writing at their serious best, as in 'The Lonely Passion of Judith Hearne' or in 'Catholics,' that small, somber near‐masterpiece, they rank with the finest novelists of today. 'The Doctor's Wife' is not serious in that sense. it may appear to raise many important questions about passion, family commitments, woman's self‐determination — also about the interconnections of private and public violence and cruelty — yet even in storytelling a parade of appearances must not be confused with the real thing."
According to eNotes, "Moore dramatizes Sheila's psychological crisis in spiritual terms: They have attained a state of grace during the Villefranche episode, but, according to their Catholic outlook, they must enter purgatory to expiate their venial sins. They choose an uncertain new life in London, where they can shed their past yet continue their penance for having betrayed both their husband and their lover. Moore, with their sober artistry, has created in Sheila Redden a hero of a depth, intensity, and subtlety rare in contemporary fiction."
Kirkus Reviews said, however, that in "refusing to go to America with Tom, abandoning their husband and youngster – [Sheila Redden] summarily turns them back on all that was, isolating themselves in a smaller void. Moore... specializes in limbos of one kind or another. But somehow the unarticulated decision of this once sensible, now vagrant woman, lacks conviction particularly since all the other externals belong to the glossier knowns of women's fiction--comparable to Mary Dunne's. It's for those other women who stay home to read rather than wander off like the doctor's wife toward a lonelier uncertainty."
References
1976 British novels
1976 Canadian novels
Farrar, Straus and Giroux books
Jonathan Cape books
McClelland & Stewart books
Novels by Brian Moore (novelist)
Novels set in Paris
1976 novels
Cafeteria is a genus of marine bicosoecid described in 1988 by Tom Fenchel and D. J. Patterson. It was created after the discovery of a new species, Cafeteria roenbergensis, a tiny (5–10 μm) eukaryotic organism that is eaten by protozoa and small invertebrates. The name is meant to indicate the importance of the genus in the food web.
At least three species are recognised:
?Cafeteria marsupialis Larsen & Patterson, 1990
Cafeteria ligulifera Larsen & Patterson 1990
Cafeteria minimus (Griessmann 1913) Larsen & Patterson 1990
Cafeteria mylnikovii Cavalier-Smith & Chao 2006
Cafeteria roenbergensis Fenchel & Patterson, 1988
Cafeteria sippewissettensis (Teal et al. 1998) Cavalier-Smith 2013
References
Encyclopedia of Life
Heterokont genera
Bikosea
The City of Manchester forms part of the metropolitan county of Greater Manchester, which had its county council abolished (along with the other metropolitan counties) in 1986. Manchester consists of several districts, but these districts do not represent a tier of government (though the names are used as political wards).
Political history
Manchester has long been associated with radical politics, including the Peterloo Massacre in 1819; the formation of the Anti-Corn Law League in 1839, as well as being the birthplace to some of the most influential works of Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels.
Manchester currently sits on the left of the political spectrum, as shown by the makeup of its City Council. The north of the city is considered a Labour stronghold , while the southern suburbs tend to be more hospitable to other parties. The last Conservative MP lost their seat in 1987.
Manchester City Council
Manchester City Council is the local authority for the metropolitan borough of Manchester. The borough is divided into 32 wards, which elect a total of 96 councillors, three for each ward. Currently, the council is controlled by the Labour Party and is led by Richard Leese. The opposition is formed by the Liberal Democrats and led by former Manchester MP John Leech.
Districts in the City of Manchester
Parishes
There is only one civil parish in the metropolitan borough, Ringway, which was added in 1974. The entire area of the pre-1974 county borough is an unparished area.
North West Regional Assembly
Whilst not a directly elected body, the North West Regional Assembly is responsible for promoting the economic, environmental and social well-being of the North West England region. It is made up of representatives from councils across the region, business organisations, public sector agencies, education and training bodies, trade unions and co-operatives and the voluntary and community sector.
UK Parliament
There are five UK Parliamentary constituencies which cover the City of Manchester, each of which elects one Member of Parliament (MP) to the House of Commons in London. These constituencies and their current MPs are:
Manchester Central - Lucy Powell MP (Labour)
Blackley and Broughton (also covers part of Salford) - Graham Stringer MP (Labour)
Manchester Gorton - Afzal Khan MP (Labour)
Manchester Withington - Jeff Smith MP (Labour)
Wythenshawe and Sale East (also covers part of Trafford) - Mike Kane MP (Labour)
European Parliament
North West England, as a single EU constituency, elected 8 representatives to the European Parliament. At the time of Britain's withdrawal from the European Union the Members of the European Parliament (MEPs) for the North West were:
Greater Manchester
Greater Manchester is a metropolitan county which surrounds the City of Manchester. Including the City of Manchester, Greater Manchester is made up of ten metropolitan boroughs, with each borough having its own council. The ten boroughs are shown in the following map.
The larger towns in the Greater Manchester county include Altrincham, Ashton-under-Lyne, Bolton, Bury, Cheadle, Droylsden, Hyde, Middleton, Oldham, Rochdale, Sale, Stalybridge, Stockport, Stretford and Wigan.
Whilst the county does not have its own tier of government, there are some functions of government organised at the county level.
County-wide functions
Greater Manchester County Council was the top-tier local government body from 1974 to its abolition in 1986. The county still arranges some amenities and services on a county-wide basis. This is largely overseen by Association of Greater Manchester Authorities which represents the ten local authorities of the county, and acts as a body by which co-ordination and county-wide strategies can operate. Greater Manchester Police and Greater Manchester Fire and Rescue Service offer law enforcement and fire protection, while public transport is the responsibility of Transport for Greater Manchester (TfGM). There is also the Greater Manchester Waste Disposal Authority.
AGMA also funds the Greater Manchester County Records Office, whose main function is to collect, store, and make available for research the written heritage of the County, including census and General register office index material.
Law enforcement
The City of Manchester is policed by the Greater Manchester Police, who have their headquarters at Chester House in Trafford. The main police station in central Manchester is at Bootle Street, near to Albert Square. There are other stations in Salford, Hulme, Collyhurst, Withington, Chorlton-cum-Hardy, and Longsight. Manchester's railways are policed by the nationwide British Transport Police.
Manchester had its own police force until 1974, when its force and the lower divisions of Lancashire Constabulary merged to form the Greater Manchester Police. Each of the ten metropolitan boroughs of Greater Manchester has a Division within the county force.
References
Local government in Manchester
Fifty Dead Men Walking is a 2008 English-language crime thriller film written and directed by Kari Skogland. It is a loose adaptation of Martin McGartland's 1997 autobiography of the same name. It premiered in September 2008, and stars Jim Sturgess as McGartland, a British agent who went undercover into the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA), and Ben Kingsley as Fergus, their British handler.
The film is set from 1988 until 1991, the time in which McGartland acted as an undercover agent within the IRA during The Troubles. In 1991, their cover was blown and they were kidnapped by the IRA, although they later escaped from an interrogation and execution, and went into hiding.
At the time of the release of the film, McGartland was still in hiding. The film takes its name from McGartland's claim within their book to have saved the lives of fifty people (police officers, soldiers, and prison guards) during their time as an agent.
Plot
Martin McGartland is a 21-year-old street hustler in Northern Ireland in the late 1980s. The Irish Republican Army wants to recruit him, but they are reluctant because of what they see as their cruel street justice. Because of their connection to the community, the British police want them to infiltrate and spy on the IRA. Marty agrees because of the car and money they get from the police and because they despise the IRA. The IRA accepts them as a Volunteer and in that position they learn of various planned attacks. They then informs Fergus, their police contact, to prevent these attacks. They build up a new sense of self-esteem, but they cannot tell their family and friends about their activities. Even their new girlfriend Lara only notices that they seem to do some work for the IRA, which worries them
All along, the British accept the risk that the IRA may discover that Marty works for them. They do not plan to rescue them in that case. When it happens, the IRA capture and torture Marty, but they manage to escape by throwing themselves out of a window. Their handler Fergus is now their only ally—he finds them and helps them hide. Fergus offers to arrange for Marty and Lara and their children to live in Scotland but Marty realises that they would never be able to feel safe. They then goes on the run to Canada alone, leaving their family behind. As shown at the start of the film, they are shot there by the IRA and survives.
Cast
Ben Kingsley as Fergus
Jim Sturgess as Martin McGartland
Kevin Zegers as Sean
Natalie Press as Lara
Rose McGowan as Grace Sterrin
Tom Collins as Mickey
William Houston as Ray
Michael McElhatton as Robbie
Gerard Jordan as Kieran
Kris Edlund as Mrs. Conlan
Paschal Friel as Jana
George Edgar as bar man
Release
The film premiered on 4 September 2008 at the Toronto International Film Festival in Canada. The UK premiere was held on 4 April 2009 in Belfast, where the film was shot. Sturgess was unable to attend, as was Kingsley, who recorded a video message for the audience. Phoenix23, the Belfast band who recorded three tracks for the soundtrack; "Hit the Ground Running", "Its a Blast" and "Hurricane" were in attendance. The film went on general release in the UK on 10 April 2009.
Critical reception
Roger Ebert gave Fifty Dead Men Walking three out of four stars. Empire Magazine awarded the film three out of five stars and praised Sturgess' performance, although they noted that "some stylistic slip-ups let them down a little." The Guardian awarded the film three out of five stars and said "producer-director Kari Skogland has put together an effective, if cinematically unambitious, enterprise."
Martin McGartland disowned the film as was reported in the Sunday Times on 29 March 2009. They told the Sunday Times that "they are saying it was based on a true story, but what is the definition of 'based on a true story'? Is it 50% true, 70% true, 10%?" The Sunday Times further reported that McGartland contended "that the movie is fundamentally a lie that misrepresents their career and their motivation. They believe that if Kari Skogland, the director, had stuck closer to the account they gave in their book and in a BBC documentary, then they would have had a better film."
Recognition
On the basis of Canadian involvement in its financing, Fifty Dead Men Walking was nominated for Best Canadian Film at the 30th Genie Awards in 2010. The film won several awards, including Best Adapted Screenplay at the Genie Awards and Best Feature Length Drama at the Leo Awards.
It won the award for Best Western Canadian Film at the 2008 Vancouver International Film Festival.
References
Fifty Dead Men Walking: The Terrifying True Story of a Secret Agent Inside the IRA, by Martin McGartland, 1997,
External links
Fifty Dead Men Walking at Metacritic
Fifty Dead Men Walking page at Brightlight Pictures
Soundtrack
2008 films
2000s crime thriller films
Brightlight Pictures films
British crime thriller films
Canadian crime thriller films
Crime films based on actual events
English-language Canadian films
Films about the Irish Republican Army
Films about The Troubles (Northern Ireland)
Films set in the 1980s
Films set in the 1990s
Films set in Northern Ireland
Films shot in Northern Ireland
HandMade Films films
Northern Irish films
Thriller films based on actual events
English-language Irish films
Films directed by Kari Skogland
2000s English-language films
2000s Canadian films
2000s British films
Forego (April 30, 1970 – August 27, 1997) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse that won eight Eclipse Awards including Horse of the Year, Champion Handicap Horse and Champion Sprinter.
Background
Foaled at Claiborne Farm in Paris, Kentucky, they were owned and bred by Mrs. Martha Farish Gerry's Lazy F Ranch. Over the years, Forego had four trainers; Sherrill W. Ward, Eddie Hayward, and eventually Frank Y. Whiteley Jr. and their son David A. Whiteley. They had two main jockeys: Hall of Fame rider Bill Shoemaker and Heliodoro Gustines.
Racing career
In 1973, Forego was fourth behind Secretariat in a Kentucky Derby that was run in record time (1:59 2/5). Eddie Hayward, assistant trainer to Sherrill Ward, took over when Ward was ill and is officially listed as Forego's trainer in their wins in their final two races of 1973: the Roamer and Discovery Handicaps. During the 1973 season, Forego had 18 starts for 9 wins, 3 seconds and 3 thirds for $188,909 in earnings.
Forego started 1974 in Florida with wins in the Donn Handicap, Gulfstream Park Handicap and Widener Handicap. Moving back to their home base in New York, they next won the Carter Handicap and Brooklyn Handicap, while placing in the Metropolitan Handicap and Suburban Handicap. They started the fall campaign with a loss in the Marlboro Cup, then went on to win the Woodward Stakes, Vosburgh Handicap and Jockey Club Gold Cup. In the Vosburgh, they carried 131 pounds to victory, the first of 13 races in which they carried 130 pounds or more. They won three Eclipse Awards that year: Champion Sprinter, Champion Older Horse and 1974 Horse of the Year.
At the age of five years, they placed in all but one start. They won the Seminole and Widener Handicaps in Florida, took the Carter Handicap carrying , set a track record with in the Brooklyn Handicap, and won the 1½ mile Suburban Handicap carrying .
As a six-year-old, Forego won the 1976 Marlboro Cup (carrying 137 pounds) at Belmont Park. After contending for the lead, they faded to eighth of 11 horses on the backstretch, with Honest Pleasure holding the lead most of the way. Entering the stretch, Forego appeared to be too far behind, but they made up ground in the closing strides and just edged out Honest Pleasure. They also won the Brooklyn Handicap, Metropolitan Handicap and Woodward Stakes to become the leader in stakes earnings for a second time.
As a seven-year-old, Forego won the Metropolitan Handicap again and their fourth consecutive Woodward Stakes. They also are named Champion Handicapper for the fourth time.
They raced twice as an eight-year-old before chronic fetlock problems finished their racing career.
Summary
Their versatility was clearly demonstrated with wins from 7 furlongs (1,400 meters) to the 2 mile (3,200 m.) Jockey Club Gold Cup. Owing to their wins, they were frequently handicapped to carry more than , and even so often won. In 57 starts, Forego had 34 wins, 9 seconds and 7 thirds. They registered 24 stakes victories including 14 Grade 1 wins. Their lifetime earnings amounted to $1,938,957.
Honours
Forego won the Eclipse Award for Outstanding Sprint Horse in 1974, and Eclipse Award for Outstanding Older Male Horse for four years in a row: 1974, 1975, 1976, and 1977. They were voted the Eclipse Award for Horse of the Year for three years in a row: 1974, 1975 and 1976. They were inducted into the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame in Saratoga Springs, New York, in 1979. In the list of the Top 100 U.S. Thoroughbred champions of the 20th Century by Blood-Horse magazine, Forego ranks 8th.
Retirement
Forego moved to the Kentucky Horse Park in 1979, the year after their last race. They lived there for the rest of their life until their death in 1997.
At 27 years of age, Forego broke their near (left) hind leg in a paddock accident and was euthanized.
Pedigree
See also
List of leading Thoroughbred racehorses
Repeat winners of horse races
References
External links
Memorial to Forego from the Kentucky Horse Park
Forego's page in the Hall of Fame, video of their 1974 Vosburgh win
Photo of Heliodoro Gustines on Forego
Forego Fan Page and race record
Champions, The Lives and Times and Past Performances of the 20th Century's Greatest Thoroughbreds, by The Daily Racing Form.
1970 racehorse births
1997 racehorse deaths
Racehorses trained in the United States
Horse racing track record setters
American Thoroughbred Horse of the Year
Racehorses bred in Kentucky
United States Thoroughbred Racing Hall of Fame inductees
Thoroughbred family 9-f
The Blood Stained Route Map () is a 2004 North Korean film directed by Phyo Kwang. Set during the Goryeo period, the film tells the story of a family who fight together to protect the Dokdo islets (Liancourt Rocks) against Japanese invaders.
Plot
The Blood Stained Route Map received its South Korean premiere in 2005, where it was one of three North Korean films shown at the Special Screening section of the Jeonju International Film Festival, held from 28 April–6 May. Hwang Kyun-min, coordinator of the section, regarded the screening as being "timely since the issue of [Dokdo] is very controversial now." It later became the first North Korean film to be screened at the outdoor plaza in front of Seoul City Hall, when it was shown on 1 July 2005 as part of the buildup to the Daejong Film Festival.
References
External links
2004 films
2000s historical films
2000s Korean-language films
North Korean drama films
Films set in the 14th century
Anti-Japanese sentiment in Korea
Films set in the Goryeo Dynasty
Wakeboarding is a water sport in which the rider, standing on a wakeboard (a board with foot bindings), is towed behind a motorboat across its wake and especially up off the crest in order to perform aerial maneuvers. A hallmark of wakeboarding is the attempted performance of midair tricks. Wakeboarding was developed from a combination of water skiing, snowboarding and surfing techniques.
The rider is usually towed by a rope behind a boat, but can also be towed by cable systems and winches, and be pulled by other motorized vehicles like personal watercraft, cars, trucks, and all-terrain vehicles. The gear and wakeboard boat used are often personalized to each rider's liking.
Though natural watercourses such as rivers, lakes and areas of open water are generally used in wakeboarding, it is possible to wakeboard in unconventional locations, such as flooded roads and car parks, using a car as the towing vehicle.
Wakeboarding is done for pleasure and competition, ranging from freestyle wakeboarding and wakeboard parks to wakeboard competitions at the X Games, WWA Wakeboard World Championships, or similar events. Though it had an obscure start, it is now the world's fastest growing water sport.
History
Monowaterski
The sport that would later become wakeboarding began as water-skiing with monowaterskis (single waterskis) in the USA around 1950. The main difference between monowaterskis and contemporary wakeboards is the shape of the board and the stance.
Surfboards as Monoski
Wakesurfing - using surfboards as monowaterskis - began picking up traction around 1964, where it was seen as an "exciting new sport that's soon going to sweep the waterways." Although surfboards were originally used, boards without straps or bindings were first seen in New Zealand with boards called "skurfboards". Eventually, wakeboards with bindings or straps were sold in Australia under the name "McSkis". Later, another company called "Skurfer" was founded by Tony Finn in 1985, named as such due to the board being a cross of a surfboard and a water ski. The first board made in the early 1990s was the Hyperlite board by the O'Brien company, a water ski manufacturer who marketed the board as a “compression-molded neutral-buoyancy wakeboard.” This was followed by a variety of boards that are curvier and more compact, creating a smoother ride.
The wakeboard rope has advanced over the years with improvements in the material makeup. When wakeboarding first started, wakeboarders used ski rope, which was made with stretchy cloth or plastic ropes. The latter soon grew in popularity, and a braided rope made out of polypropylene was eventually introduced. A few years later, a rope that was less stretchy was invented that gave the rider a more consistent pull on the rope, though they were heavier and larger in diameter. Modern ropes are coated with Spectra and Dyneema, which decrease the stretch and drag of the rope.
Equipment
When wakeboarding, a wide variety of safety equipment is used. These include life vests or other buoyancy aids which prevent water-related injuries and deaths, as they keep the wearer buoyant until they are picked up. These vests especially help in situations where the rider is knocked unconscious or cannot tread water. Furthermore, wakeboarders use water-resistant helmets that are able to ventilate water so that the helmets do not fill up with water. Even the length of a wakeboarder's rope is important in providing safety; if the rope is too long, a wakeboarder will land on the flat part of the wake instead of the downside, and their knees will buckle.
Wakeboards themselves are also important to consider when preparing to ride. Four of the most common wakeboard styles include the continuous rocker, the three-stage rocker, the five-stage rocker, and the hybrid rocker. Rocker refers to the curve of the board from head to tail and each type of board has a different placement and amount of curve that works best for different types of rides. The presence or absence of fins on the bottom of a board can also make a drastic difference in how it rides. Beginning riders are usually better off with deeper fins. Another part of the wakeboard itself to consider is the size of the board and the material, which are usually a wood or foam core with a fiber glass coating.
At the same time, the length of a wakeboarding rope will vary based on the rider's preferences. A longer rope may allow for more preparation and momentum before performing tricks, whereas a shorter rope may require less speed and height to travel between wakes. In addition to this, the material of the rope being used can make a significant difference in ride experience. The less stretch in the rope, the better it is for the rider to learn how to ride and do various tricks. Some of the best rope materials include Dyneema, Poly E, and Spectra. Each of these is known for its abrasion resistance, affordability and absorption, and durability respectively.
Tricks
When wakeboarding, a variety of tricks may be attempted. Most of these stem from the wakeboarder adjusting their posture, edge, and distribution of weight so as to fly into the air upon hitting the wake. Various tricks include the toeside edge, the heelside edge, the ride switch, and the 180° spin.
More advanced tricks call for what is known as inversion or “inverts”. An invert is considered any action where the board is above the head of the rider. This does not necessarily mean the rider is fully upside down, as evidenced by the Raley, a trick where the rider extends their body parallel to the water bending at the knees to achieve inversion.
The heel side backflip, otherwise known as a tantrum, is often regarded as the first and easiest invert to learn as an intermediate level rider. This is because the shape of the wake or the “kicker” (a type of floating ramp, used primarily at cable parks, that mimics the shape of a wake) naturally initiates the sequence of motions that are necessary to complete the trick.
Community
There are many different ways that people are engaged in this sport. Popular brands like Byerly, Hyperlight, O'Brien and Ronix provide ever evolving technology and equipment as well as quality advice for new and seasoned riders alike. Some of these brands also have active social media presence to reach more people and get them into the sport.
Relationship to Kitesurfing
Many movements and tricks in wakeboarding bear close resemblance to moves also found in kitesurfing. This is reflected in close similarities between wakeboards and twin-tip kitesurf-boards. Wakeboarding in wake- and waterski parks is thus often considered a more approachable wind-condition independent alternative to kitesurfing and has seen a surge in popularity in parallel to kitesurfing, especially in densely populated areas in Europe, such as Germany.
See also
Cable skiing
References
Boardsports
Towed water sports
Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).
Events
Poet Cid Corman begins Origin magazine in response to the failure of a magazine that Robert Creeley had planned. The magazine typically features one writer per issue and runs, with breaks, until the mid-1980s. Poets featured include Robert Creeley, Robert Duncan, Larry Eigner, Denise Levertov, William Bronk, Theodore Enslin, Charles Olson, Louis Zukofsky, Gary Snyder, Lorine Niedecker, Wallace Stevens, William Carlos Williams and Paul Blackburn. The magazine also leads to the establishment of Origin Press, which publishes books by a similar range of poets.
Bad Lord Byron, a film directed by David MacDonald about the Romantic poet.
Czesław Miłosz, Polish poet, translator, literary critic, future (1980) winner of the Nobel Prize in Literature, becomes an exile this year.
The Dolmen Press is founded in Dublin, Ireland by Liam and Josephine Miller to provide a publishing outlet for Irish poets and artists. The Press operates in Dublin from 1951 until Liam Miller's death in 1987.
Works published in English
Listed by nation where the work was first published and again by the poet's native land, if different; substantially revised works listed separately:
Canada
Irving Layton, The Black Huntsmen: Poems. Montreal.
Tom MacInnes, In the Old of my Age
Duncan Campbell Scott, Selected Poems, edited by E. K. Brown
A. J. M. Smith, The Worldly Muse
Kay Smith, Footnote to the Lord's Prayer and Other Poems
Raymond Souster, City Hall Street. Toronto: Ryerson.
Anne Wilkinson, Counterpoint to Sleep
New Zealand
James K. Baxter, Recent Trends in New Zealand Poetry, scholarship
Allen Curnow, editor, A Book of New Zealand Verse 1923-50, anthology
Denis Glover, Sings Harry, New Zealand
M. H. Holcroft, Discovered Isles, scholarship
Louis Johnson:
Editor, New Zealand Poetry Yearbook, first annual edition, anthology
The Sun Among the Ruins
Roughshod Among the Lilies
Charles Spear, Twopence Coloured
Hubert Witheford, The Falcon Mark
United Kingdom
W. H. Auden, Nones, including the poem "In Praise of Limestone"
E. C. Bentley, Clerihews Complete
Basil Bunting, Seeds, a long poem, published by Poetry magazine
Roy Campbell, Light on a Dark Horse, autobiography
Charles Causley:
Farewell Aggie Weston
Hands to Dance
Jack Clemo, The Clay Verge
Keith Douglas, Collected Poems
Robert Graves, Poems and Satires
James Kirkup, The Submerged Village, and Other Poems
John Lehmann, The Age of the Dragon
Iona and Peter Opie, The Oxford Dictionary of Nursery Rhymes
Poems of Today, British poetry anthology, fourth series
Enoch Powell, The Wedding Gift & Dancer's End (London: Falcon Press,) .
Anne Ridler, The Golden Bird, and Other Poems
Alan Ross, Poetry, 1945–1950
John Wain, Mixed Feelings
United States
W. H. Auden, Nones, English-born poet living and published in the United States
John Malcolm Brinnin, The Sorrows of Cold Stone
John Ciardi, From Time to Time, including "My Father's Watch"
Langston Hughes, Montage of a Dream Deferred, including "Harlem"
Randall Jarrell:
Losses, New York: Harcourt, Brace
The Seven-League Crutches, New York: Harcourt, Brace
Hugh Kenner, The Poetry of Ezra Pound, highly influential in causing a re-assessment of Pound's poetry (New Directions), criticism
Robert Lowell, The Mills of the Kavanaughs, New York: Harcourt, Brace
James Merrill, First Poems
Marianne Moore, Collected Poems, winner of both the Pulitzer Prize and the National Book Award for poetry in 1952
Ogden Nash, Parents Keep Out
Adrienne Rich, A Change of World, their first volume, selected by W. H. Auden for the Yale Series of Younger Poets
Theodore Roethke, Praise to the End!, 13 long poems about a child's sensibility and developing consciousness
Louis Simpson, Good News of Death and Other Poems, Jamaican-born poet living in the United States
Clark Ashton Smith, The Dark Chateau
Jean Toomer, Cane
Theodore Weiss, The Catch
William Carlos Williams:
Paterson, Book IV
The Collected Earlier Poems
The Autobiography of William Carlos Williams
Other in English
Nagendranath Gupta, editor and translator, Eastern Poetry, Allahabad: Indian Press, second edition, Bombay: Hind Kitabs (first edition 1929), anthology; Indian poetry in English
Louis Simpson, ''Good News of Death and Other Poems, Jamaican-born poet living in the United States
Rex Ingamells, The Great South Land, Melbourne, a history of Australia from primordial times, Australia
Works published in other languages
France
Pierre Jean Jouve, Ode
Alphonse Métérié, Proella
Jacques Prévert:
Histoires
Spectacle
Jules Supervielle, Naissances
Frédéric Jacques Temple, Foghorn
India
In each section, listed in alphabetical order by first name:
Rajendra Shah, Andolan, Gujarati language
Binod Chandra Nayak, Oriya:
Nilacandrara Upatyaka
Candra O tara
Hem Barua, Balichandra, Indian, Assamese
Mangalacharan Chattopadhyay, Mergh Brsti Jar, Bengali
Sumitra Kumari Sinha, Panthini, Hindi-language
Sundaram, Yatra Gujarati language
V. A. Anandakkuttan, Dipavali, Malayalam
Naresh Guha, Duranta Dupur, Bengali
Ajneya, editor, Dusara Saptak, Hindi, influential anthology in the Nai Kavita ("New Poetry") movement, which has been said to have started with this book, which contains poetry from Bhavani Prasad Misra, Sakunta Mathur, Hari Narayan Vyas, Shamasher Bahadur Singh, Naresh Mehta, Raghuvir Sahay and Dharamvir Bharati (see also Tar Saptak 1943)
Other
Simin Behbahani, Seh-tar-e Shekasteh ("The Broken Lute"), Persia
Alberto de Lacerda, Poemas, Portugal
Hushang Ebtehaj (H. E. Sayeh) سراب ("Mirage"), Persian poet published in Iran
Uri Zvi Greenberg, Reḥovot Hanahar ("The Streets of the River"), poems lamenting the loss of Jews in Europe; Hebrew-language, Israel
Cesare Pavese, Verrà la morte ed avrà i tuoi occhi ("Death Will Come and Will Have Your Eyes"), Turin: Einaudi; Italy
Awards and honors
Nobel Prize in Literature: Pär Lagerkvist, Swedish poet, author, playwright and writer
Guggenheim Fellowship awarded to E.E. Cummings
National Book Award for Poetry: Wallace Stevens, The Auroras of Autumn
Pulitzer Prize for poetry: Carl Sandburg, Complete Poems
Bollingen Prize: John Crowe Ransom
Canada: Governor General's Award, poetry or drama: The Mulgrave Road, Charles Bruce
Births
Death years link to the corresponding "[year] in poetry" article:
January 1 – Abul Bashar, Bengali poet and writer
January 29 – Neil Shepard, American poet, essayist, professor of creative writing and literary magazine editor
February 23 – Leevi Lehto (died 2019), Finnish poet, translator and programmer
March 12 – Susan Musgrave, Canadian poet and children's author
March 21 – Lesley Choyce, Canadian novelist, writer, children's book writer, poet, and academic, founder of Pottersfield Press, host of the television program "Choyce Words" and "Off the Page"; born in the United States and immigrated to Canada in 1979
April 5 – Lillian Allen, Canadian dub poet
April 21 – Brigit Pegeen Kelly, American poet and academic, daughter of author Robert Glynn Kelly and married to poet Michael Madonick
April 22 – Andrew Hudgins, American poet, essayist and academic
May 9:
Christopher Dewdney, Canadian poet, writer, artist, creative writing teacher and writer in residence at various universities
Jorie Graham, American poet and academic
Joy Harjo, Native-American poet, musician and author
May 30 – Garrett Hongo, American poet and academic, born in Volcano, Hawaii
June 20:
Paul Muldoon Irish poet living in the United States
Noel Rowe (died 2007), Australian, poet, writer, academic and Roman Catholic priest in the Marist order
July 10 – Robert Priest, English-born Canadian poet and children's author
July 25 – Angela Jackson, African American
September 13 – Suzanne Lummis, American poet, teacher and co-founder of the Los Angeles Poetry Festival
October 8 – Jenny Boult, also known as "MML Bliss" (died 2005), Australian
October 12 – Peter Goldsworthy, Australian poet, novelist, short-story writer, opera librettist and medical practitioner
November 13 – Robert Hilles, Canadian poet and novelist
December 13 – Anne-Marie Alonzo (died 2005), Canadian playwright, poet, novelist, critic and publisher
Also:
Ralph Angel, American poet and translator
Robin Becker, American
Peter Boyle, Australian
Ron Charach, Canadian
Peter Christensen, Canadian
Stephen Edgar, Australian poet, editor and indexer
James Galvin, American poet, novelist and writer
Robert Harris (died 1993), Australian
Peter Johnson, American
Jill Jones, Australian poet and writer
Anne Kellas, South African poet, critic and editor, immigrant to Australia
Kim Maltman, Canadian poet and physicist
Pi O, "П O", Australian poet and anarchist
Betsy Struthers, Canadian poet and novelist
Ania Walwicz, Australian poet, writer and artist
Afaa M. Weaver, American
Robert Wrigley, American poet and academic
Eddy Yanofsky, American
Ray A. Young Bear, American
Deaths
Birth years link to the corresponding "[year] in poetry" article:
January 17 – Jyoti Prasad Agarwala (born 1903), playwright, songwriter, poet, writer and filmmaker; Indian, writing in Assamese
January 31 – Seemab Akbarabadi سیماب اکبرآبادی (born 1882) Urdu poet from India
April 3 – Henrik Visnapuu (born 1890), Estonian
June 18 – Angelos Sikelianos (born 1884), Greek
June 28 – Fumiko Hayashi 林 芙美子 (born 1903 or 1904; sources disagree), novelist, writer and poet (a woman; surname: Hayashi)
July 3 – Sydney Jephcott (born 1864), Australian poet
September 18 – Gelett Burgess (born 1866), American artist, art critic, poet, author, and humorist
December 4 – Pedro Salinas (born 1891), Spanish
Also:
Kaykobad (born 1857), Bengali poet
Hertha Kraftner (born 1928), German
Sotiris Skipis (born 1881), Greek
See also
Poetry
List of poetry awards
List of years in poetry
Notes
20th-century poetry
Poetry
Alice Clausing is a former member of the Wisconsin State Senate.
Biography
Clausing was born on June 7, 1944, in Port Washington, Wisconsin. They graduated from Port Washington High School in 1962.  They are a graduate of the University of Wisconsin-Oshkosh and the University of Wisconsin-Stout. They were an educator and landlord of rental properties. They married Howard F. Clausing of Port Washington in 1966 and their two children were born in Port Washington.
Career
Clausing was first elected to the Senate in 1992. They would serve as a member from 1993 until 2001, after they were defeated for re-election in 2000 by Sheila Harsdorf. In 2004, Clausing was an unsuccessful candidate in the Democratic primary for their former Senate seat.
References
People from Port Washington, Wisconsin
Wisconsin state senators
Wisconsin Democrats
Women state legislators in Wisconsin
University of Wisconsin–Oshkosh alumni
University of Wisconsin–Stout alumni
Businesspeople from Wisconsin
Educators from Wisconsin
American women educators
1944 births
Living people
21st-century American women
"Extraordinary" is a song recorded by American musician Prince. It was issued as the lead single from their twenty-second studio album The Vault: Old Friends 4 Sale (1999). It was released on August 10, 1999 as a CD single, exclusively in the United States. Prince solely wrote and produced it, while a series of individuals provided various instrumentation for the track.
The single was originally recorded in September 1992 and remained unreleased for six years until the announcement of The Vault: Old Friends 4 Sale. It was the only single released from the album, besides a series of three promotional singles, "The Rest of My Life", "5 Women", and "It's About That Walk". The song was sent to mainstream radio on August 10, two weeks before the release of the album.
Track listing
Credits and personnel
Credits adapted from The Vault: Old Friends 4 Sale liner notes
Prince – vocals, lyrics, production, instruments
Michael B. – drums
Tommy Barbarella – keyboards
Mr. Hayes – keyboards
Levi Seacer, Jr. – guitar
Sonny T. – bass guitar
References
1999 singles
1999 songs
Prince (musician) songs
Song recordings produced by Prince (musician)
Songs written by Prince (musician)
Diver Dan is a series of 104 seven-minute live-action shorts made for children's television from 1960 to 1970. Made by Brian Cartoons, it was syndicated (mainly to NBC affiliates) and distributed by ITC Entertainment. The shows were sometimes re-edited into half-hour (including commercials) blocks by local stations.
The series featured the adventures of a diver in an old-fashioned diving suit who talked to the passing fish. The series was filmed in live action with puppet fish; the underwater effect was achieved by shooting through an aquarium.
Production
Diver Dan debuted in 1960, the brainchild of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, cartoonist J. Anthony (John) Ferlaine, as a spinoff of their comic strip, Fish Tales. Ferlaine, who worked as an art director at Philadelphia's CBS affiliate WCAU-TV, produced two Fish Tales live-action marionette pilots. When CBS did not pick up the show, Ferlaine and promoter Martin Young partnered with Philadelphia producer Louis W. Kellman, who with their staff produced local TV spots and film shorts and filmed NFL football games. They produced the shorts over nine months and syndicated them.
In New York City, Diver Dan shorts ran as part of Felix & Diver Dan, a 30-minute children's show airing from January 4, 1960, to August 31, 1962, which also included Felix the Cat. In Chicago during the 1960s, Diver Dan was regularly shown on the WGN-TV show "Ray Rayner and Their Friends" even though Rayner would frequently read on-air letters from children requesting that they get other cartoons.
Main cast
Allen Swift as the voices of many puppets, the unseen Captain Murphy and the narrator
Frank D Freda played Diver Dan. Freda is a playwright who received the Waldo Bellow Award for their play, Lunchtime. They have acted in a number of TV commercials, and was an early Ronald McDonald. Frank lived from 1936 to April 12, 2016. They performed in plays in Philadelphia and Broadway before Diver Dan. They made many Pall Mall and Budweiser commercials. In addition to acting Frank was a pioneer in sales of the cellphone, HBO cable TV company. They sold the first car cell phone in NYC for $20,000.
Suzanne Turner as Miss Minerva, a mermaid, who referred to Diver Dan only as "the Diver" and shyly kept away from him.
Characters
Humans
Diver Dan
Miss Minerva
The Captain (heard but not seen)
Puppet Fishes
Baron Barracuda - A predatory, ray-finned fish who wore a monocle in one eye, and spoke in a vaguely European accent
Trigger - A idiotic trigger fish and always had an apparently unlit cigarette jutting from the side of their mouth
Finley Haddock -
Doc Sturgeon -
Georgie Porgy -
Gabby the Clam -
Gill Espy -
Glow Fish-
Goldie - the Goldfish who spoke only in peeps and squeaks
Hermit Crab -
Sam the Sawfish -
Scout Fish -
Sea Biscuit the Seahorse -
Skipper Kipper -
Themes
Honeymooners."The Ballad of Diver Dan"
The series opening and closing themes were written, performed, and sung by the show's sound engineer, Jack Sky, in a double tracked recorded voice.
Opening theme
Below in the deep there's adventure and danger;That's where you'll find Diver Dan!The sights that they see are surprising and strangerThan ever you'll see on the land!
Following those opening lyrics, the narrator sums up the recent situation in a short group of rhymes, during the second half of the song as an instrumental, before the episode resumes.
Before the closing sung lyrics, the narrator brings up the new situation in a short group of rhymes, during the first half of the song, as an instrumental, as the episode concludes.
Closing theme
They move among creaturesOf frightening features:Flashing teeth, slashing jaws,Flapping fins, snapping claws!He protects and they savesHis friends under the waves;That's where you'll find Diver Dan!
Episodes
Credits
Produced by Louis W. Kellman
A Brian Cartoons, Inc. production in association with Young Productions, Inc.
Executive producer: Hal Tunis
Associate producer: Harvey Blake
Created by J. Anthony Ferlaine
Writers included: Joseph Bonaduce, Ron Ronszel
Puppeteers: Martin Kreiner, John Caracciolo, Harold Taylor, Alfred Sandstrom
Directors: Leon Rhodes, Mort Heilig
Production manager: Ben Berk
Cameraman: Morris Kellman
Script supervisor: Ruth Clyman
Editors: Arthur Spieller, Margot Mor
Sound: Jack Sky
Art director: Frank Heininger
Lighting: John Wynn
DVD release
Alpha Video released two collections of Diver Dan episodes on DVD (Region 0). All episodes in both volumes are black & white.
Diver Dan (Catalog # ALP 5152D, UPC #0 89218 51529 2, Release Date September 26, 2006)
01 (Episode #34) THE BUBBLING PIT
02 (Episode #35) THE VOLCANO
03 (Episode #36) DEPTH CHARGE
04 (Episode #25) GOLDIE'S HEROISM
05 (Episode #26) DYNAMITE
06 (Episode #27) GHOST IS CLEAR
07 (Episode #37) SCHOOL DAZE
08 (Episode #38) STRANGE VINES
09 (Episode #39) SAVAGE SEAWEED
10 (Episode #12) BARON'S CAPTURE
11 (Episode #13) AN UNUSUAL TREASURE
12 (Episode #14) TRIGGER'S REVENGE
13 (Episode #20) RIDDLE OF THE HERMIT CRAB
14 (Episode #21) SARGASSO SEA
15 (Episode #22) LOST IN THE SARGASSO SEA
Diver Dan Volume 2 (Catalog # ALP 5710D, UPC #0 89218 57109 0)
01 (Episode #01) HARD WATER
02 (Episode #02) GOLDIE THE GOLDFISH
03 (Episode #03) TALKING FISH
04 (Episode #04) SKIPPER'S GOLD
05 (Episode #05) TREASURE SHIP
06 (Episode #06) SAWFISH RESCUE
07 (Episode #32) THE STRANGE FISH
08 (Episode #33) THE BOMB
09 (Episode #23) CURRENT FLOW
10 (Episode #24) THE STORM
11 (Episode #11) TEETERING ROCK
12 (Episode #40) THE MAGNET
13 (Episode #31) CRAWLING DANGER
14 (Episode #16) THE VERDICT
15 (Episode #17) HORACE'S DILEMMA
Three DVD (Region 0) releases have also been produced by East West Entertainment LLC. All episodes in all three volumes are black & white.
Diver Dan Vol. One (UPC #8 43156 02012 2)
Episode #01 - HARD WATER
Episode #02 - GOLDIE THE GOLDFISH
Episode #03 - TALKING FISH
Episode #04 - SKIPPER'S GOLD
Episode #05 - TREASURE SHIP
Episode #06 - SAWFISH RESCUE
Episode #07 - SHELL-O-PHONE
Episode #08 - THE OCTOPUS
Episode #09 - MURDER INK
Note: Each of the first 8 episodes has its own chapter stop except for Episode #09. It continues immediately after Episode 08. Pressing >> skips Episode 09 and cycles back to Episode 01.
Diver Dan Vol. 2 (UPC #8 43156 02014 6)
Episode #01 - HARD WATER
Episode #02 - GOLDIE THE GOLDFISH
Episode #03 - TALKING FISH
Episode #04 - SKIPPER'S GOLD
Episode #05 - TREASURE SHIP
Episode #06 - SAWFISH RESCUE
Episode #07 - SHELL-O-PHONE
Episode #08 - THE OCTOPUS
Episode #09 - MURDER INK
Note: Followed by five Van Beuren Corporations and three Fleischer Studios cartoons on Track 2.
Diver Dan Vol. 3 (UPC #8 43156 02015 3)
Episode #19 - THE TRAP IS SPRUNG
Episode #20 - RIDDLE OF THE HERMIT CRAB
Episode #21 - SARGASSO SEA
Episode #22 - LOST IN THE SARGASSO SEA
Episode #23 - CURRENT FLOW
In other media
Dell Publishing issued a Diver Dan comic book, as issue #1254 (February–April 1962) of its series Four Color. A follow-up issue, #2 was also published, dated June–August 1962.
In 1964, songwriter and record producer Tony Piano of Columbia Records put out a children's album based on the series titled Diver Dan and the Bermuda Onion. With the exception of the theme song, which they legally borrowed from the series, Piano wrote the story, music, and lyrics for the album. Their inspiration for producing it was their two young children at the time, who were 'hooked' on the Diver Dan TV series. In addition to producing the album, Piano took on three of the roles: Trigger, Sam the Sawfish, and Skipper Kipper. Aiding Piano on the album was the comedian Del Close, playing the role of Baron Barracuda. "Birthday House" and children's album star Kay Lande played Minerva the Mermaid.
Legacy
The Nickelodeon animated children's show SpongeBob SquarePants seems to have been somewhat influenced by Diver Dan, either in directly parodying or by paying homage to it. In the SpongeBob SquarePants episode, "One Krabs Trash", Mr. Krabs goes to a graveyard to retrieve a "soda-drink-hat", and there is a gravestone that reads "Diver Dan".
References
External links
TV Party: Lost Kids Shows
Television series by ITC Entertainment
1960s American children's television series
1960 American television series debuts
1962 American television series endings
First-run syndicated television programs in the United States
Fictional scuba divers
American television shows featuring puppetry
Nautical television series
Meridiela is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Bougouni in the Sikasso Region of south-western Mali. In 1998 the commune had a population of 9,037.
References
Communes of Sikasso Region
Lanark is an unincorporated community in Cass County, Texas, 2 miles from Queen City. Lanark was started in 1870 when a railroad went through the town. A post office existed from 1873-77. In 2000, the population was 30.
References
Unincorporated communities in Texas
Unincorporated communities in Cass County, Texas
Şıhlar, Alanya is a village in the District of Alanya, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Alanya District
Nathan Silver was an American football player from North Division High School in Chicago, Illinois.
Silver was the first player to hold the starting quarterback job at The University of Notre Dame for three consecutive years, from 1903-1905. They were also one of the first Jewish athletes to compete at the traditionally Catholic university, and was described as having exceptionally quick feet and being "slippery".
Led by Silver, the Irish achieved their first-ever undefeated season in 1903, outscoring their opponents by a combined total of 292-0 for a final record of 8-0-1. The combined record over the next two seasons would be a more modest 10-7. However, the 1905 season would include the most lopsided victory ever by a Notre Dame team: a 142-0 win over the American College of Medicine and Surgery, in which Silver's touchdowns included a 40-yard run and an 80-yard kickoff return. The margin likely would have been much larger had the game not been called after just thirty-three minutes of play.
See also
List of select Jewish football players
References
Steele, Michael R. The Fighting Irish Football Encyclopedia. Champaign, IL: Sports Publishing LLC (1996). p. 25, 425
Jews In Sports,
IrishLegends.com,
American football quarterbacks
Notre Dame Fighting Irish football players
Jewish sportspeople
Year of death missing
Year of birth missing
Sir Timothy Lewis Achilles Daunt (born 11 October 1935) is a retired diplomat and former Lieutenant Governor of the Isle of Man.
Early life
Educated at Sherborne School and St Catharine's College, Cambridge,
Career
Daunt was commissioned into the Royal Armoured Corps in 1955 and posted to the 8th King's Royal Irish Hussars. After completing national service, they joined the diplomatic service and, after a series of postings, became Permanent Representative to NATO in Brussels in 1982 and then British Ambassador to Turkey from 1986 to their retirement in 1992.
In retirement they became Lieutenant Governor of the Isle of Man. They later became chairperson of the Ottoman Fund, a business established to provide mortgages for properties in Turkey.
Family
In 1962 they married Patricia Susan Knight.
References
1935 births
Living people
Knights Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George
British diplomats
Lieutenant Governors of the Isle of Man
Members of HM Diplomatic Service
People educated at Sherborne School
Alumni of St Catharine's College, Cambridge
8th King's Royal Irish Hussars officers
Timothy
20th-century British Army personnel
Royal Armoured Corps officers
20th-century British diplomats
The Redden Forest Complex is located in Redden State Forest, Sussex County, Delaware. Now known as the Redden Forest Education Center, the complex includes three Shingle style buildings built in 1900-1902 as a hunting retreat for Pennsylvania Railroad heir Frank Graham Thompson. The complex was served by a specially built railroad siding in Redden Crossroads. The camp fell into disuse during the Great Depression and was acquired by the state of Delaware in the 1930s. It saw use by the Civilian Conservation Corps, then the complex and the surrounding property were designated Redden State Forest in 1937.
Description
The present complex comprises three buildings, all wood frame construction using cypress timber frames. The stable and forester's house are at the entrance to the property. The lodge is about to the east, about from the rail line. The lodge is a shallow V-shape in plan, of 1-1/2 stories on a brick foundation with no basement, with cypress shingle siding. The roof, originally covered with wood shingles, is now covered in asphalt shingles, with broad overhanging eaves. The central portion is seven bays wide, flanked by wings of seven bays each. The center portion contains a large lobby with exposed roof structure and two large brick fireplaces. This space is flanked by a dining room and a smaller gunroom. The dining room contains wood paneling reputedly taken from an 18th-century Long Island house. The lodge retains its original Mission style furnishings, although the south wings was reconstructed following fire damage from a 1970 lightning strike. Cedar shingles replaced the cypress in the reconstruction.
The stable is T-shaped. The front of the stable is a projecting porch under a deeply hooded hipped roof, with a large arched doorway leading into a carriage house. On all side wings extend under the extended roof with additional storage on the north side and a tack room on the south side. Stabling was to the rear, with the original eight stalls now removed. The attic space over the entry is finished. An octagonal cupola tops the center of the roof. A matching kennel formerly stood to the rear of the stable, but was demolished after 1937.
The forester's house differs from the stable and the lodge, with Colonial Revival detailing added to the shingle style. The house has a gambrel roof with three dormers on each side and a full basement. A porch extends across the central portion of the rear of the house, accessed by two French doors The interior comprises a living room, dining room, hallway and kitchen on the first floor, with six bedrooms on the second floor. A nearby garage matches the house.
Present use
The Redden Forest Education Center houses displays and classroom space for school activities and tours. It is managed by the Delaware Department of Agriculture Forestry division.
The Redden complex was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on November 25, 1980.
References
External links
Redden State Forest and Education Center
Shingle Style architecture in Delaware
Houses completed in 1900
Buildings and structures in Sussex County, Delaware
Civilian Conservation Corps in Delaware
Residential buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Delaware
Nature centers in Delaware
National Register of Historic Places in Sussex County, Delaware
AEK/Achilleas Ayiou Theraponta was a Cypriot football club based in Limassol. The club was formed in 1997 after the merger of the clubs, AEK Katholiki and Achilleas Ayiou Theraponta. The teams were playing sometimes in Second and in Third Division. It dissolved at 2005.
References
Association football clubs disestablished in 2005
Defunct football clubs in Cyprus
Association football clubs established in 1997
1997 establishments in Cyprus
2005 disestablishments in Cyprus
The 1950 Mississippi State Maroons football team was an American football team that represented Mississippi State College as a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC) during the 1950 college football season. In their second year under head coach Arthur Morton, the team compiled an overall record of 4–5, with a mark of 3–4 in conference play, placing seventh in the SEC.
Schedule
References
Mississippi State
Mississippi State Bulldogs football seasons
Mississippi State Maroons football
Sudeshna Sinha is a professor at the Indian Institute of Science Education and Research, Mohali. They were at the Institute of Mathematical Sciences, Chennai, for over a decade. They work in the field of nonlinear physics. Them work on 'chaos-based' hardware (so-called "Chaos computing") is being developed commercially by the US-based company Chaologix.
Personal life
Sinha is married to Kapil Hari Paranjape, who is a professor of mathematics at the Indian Institute of Science Education and Research, Mohali.
Education
Sinha holds a Master of Science (Five Years Integrated Programme in Physics) from the Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur, in 1985. They completed their Ph.D. from the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, Mumbai, in 1990.
Career & publications
Sinha is currently a Professor at the Indian Institute of Science Education and Research, Mohali and works in the field of nonlinear physics. Them research areas include Nonlinear Dynamics, Chaos, Complex Systems, Networks, and Computation.  They are an Editor of the AIP journal Chaos: An Interdisciplinary Journal of Nonlinear Science and Associate Editor of Communications in Nonlinear Science and Numerical Simulation (Elsevier).  They are also in the Editorial Boards of Pramana - Journal of Physics and Indian Journal of Physics.
Awards
Elected Fellow of the World Academy of Sciences, 2018
J.C. Bose National Fellowship (2015)
Elected Fellow of the Indian National Science Academy, New Delhi in 2014
Elected Fellow of the Indian Academy of Sciences, Bangalore in 2010
Awarded the B.M. Birla Prize for Physics in 1998 : The B M Birla prizes are awarded to Indian scientists, below the age of 40 years, who have made outstanding original contributions in their fields
Associate Member of the International Centre for Theoretical Physics, Trieste, Italy during 1995-2000
General Proficiency Prize from the Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur (1985): Awarded to the "Best Outgoing Student in the master's degree (five years integrated programme in Physics) for the year"
National Talent Search Scholarship, during 1978-1985
References
External links
Chaologix
Living people
Articles created or expanded during Women's History Month (India) - 2014
Indian women physicists
20th-century Indian physicists
Bengali physicists
Fellows of the Indian National Science Academy
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
20th-century Indian women scientists
IIT Kanpur alumni
TWAS fellows
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Latimer County, Oklahoma.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Latimer County, Oklahoma, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a map.
There are 22 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.
Current listings
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places listings in Oklahoma
References
Latimer County
Myocardial perfusion imaging or scanning (also referred to as MPI or MPS) is a nuclear medicine procedure that illustrates the function of the heart muscle (myocardium).
It evaluates many heart conditions, such as coronary artery disease (CAD), hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and heart wall motion abnormalities. It can also detect regions of myocardial infarction by showing areas of decreased resting perfusion. The function of the myocardium is also evaluated by calculating the left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) of the heart. This scan is done in conjunction with a cardiac stress test. The diagnostic information is generated by provoking controlled regional ischemia in the heart with variable perfusion.
Planar techniques, such as conventional scintigraphy, are rarely used. Rather, single-photon emission computed tomography (SPECT) is more common in the US. With multihead SPECT systems, imaging can often be completed in less than 10 minutes. With SPECT, inferior and posterior abnormalities and small areas of infarction can be identified, as well as the occluded blood vessels and the mass of infarcted and viable myocardium. The usual isotopes for such studies are either Thallium-201 or Technetium-99m.
History
The history of nuclear cardiology began in 1927 when Dr. Herrmann Blumgart developed the first method for measuring cardiac strength by injecting subjects with a radioactive compound known as Radium C (214Bi). The substance was injected into the venous system and travelled through the right heart into the lungs, then into the left heart and out into the arterial system where it was then detected through a Wilson chamber. The Wilson chamber represented a primitive scintillation counter which could measure radioactivity. Measured over time, this sequential acquisition of radioactivity produced what was known as "circulation time". The longer the "circulation time", the weaker the heart. Blumgart's emphasis was twofold. First, radioactive substances could be used to determine cardiac physiology (function) and should be done so with the least amount of radioactivity necessary to do so. Secondly, to accomplish this task, one needs to obtain multiple counts over time.
For decades no substantial work was done, until 1959. Dr. Richard Gorlin's work on "resting" studies of the heart and nitroglycerin emphasized several points. First, like Blumgart, they emphasized that evaluation of cardiac function required multiple measurements of change over time and these measurements must be performed under same state conditions, without changing the function of the heart in between measurements. If one is to evaluate ischemia (reductions in coronary blood flow resulting from coronary artery disease) then individuals must be studied under "stress" conditions and comparisons require "stress-stress" comparisons. Similarly, if tissue damage (heart attack, myocardial infarction, cardiac stunning or hibernation) is to be determined, this is done under "resting" conditions. Rest-stress comparisons do not yield adequate determination of either ischemia or infarction. By 1963, Dr. William Bruce, aware of the tendency of people with coronary artery disease to experience angina (cardiac chest discomfort) during exercise, developed the first standardized method of "stressing" the heart, where serial measurements of changes in blood pressure, heart rate and electrocardiographic (ECG/EKG) changes could be measured under "stress-stress" conditions. By 1965 Dr. William Love demonstrated that the cumbersome cloud chamber could be replaced by a Geiger counter, which was more practical to use. However, Love had expressed the same concern as many of their colleagues, namely that there were no suitable radioisotopes available for human use in the clinical setting.
Use of thallium-201
By the mid-1970s, scientists and clinicians alike began using thallium-201 as the radioisotope of choice for human studies. Individuals could be placed on a treadmill and be "stressed" by the "Bruce protocol" and when near peak performance, could be injected with thallium-201. The isotope required exercise for an additional minute to enhance circulation of the isotope. Using nuclear cameras of the day and given the limitations of Tl-201, the first "stress" image could not be taken until 1 hour after "stress". In keeping with the concept of comparison images, the second "stress" image was taken 4 hours after "stress" and compared with the first. The movement of Tl-201 reflected differences in tissue delivery (blood flow) and function (mitochondrial activity). The relatively long half-life of Tl-201 (73 hours) forced doctors to use relatively small () doses of Tl-201, albeit with relatively large dose exposure and tissue effects (20 mSv). The poor quality images resulted in the search for isotopes which would produce better results.
The introduction of technetium-99m isotopes
By the late 1980s, two different compounds containing technetium-99m were introduced: teboroxime and sestamibi. The utilization of Tc-99m would allow higher doses (up to ) due to the shorter physical (6 hours) half life of Tc-99m. This would result in more decay, more scintillation and more information for the nuclear cameras to measure and turn into better pictures for the clinician to interpret.
Major indications
Diagnosis of CAD and various cardiac abnormalities.
Identifying location and degree of CAD in patients with a history of CAD.
Prognosis of patients who are at risk of having a myocardial or coronary incident (i.e. myocardial infarction, myocardial ischemia, coronary aneurysm, wall motion abnormalities).
Assessment of viable myocardium in particular coronary artery territory following heart attacks to justify revascularization
Post intervention revascularization (coronary artery bypass graft, angioplasty) evaluation of heart.
Evaluation of shortness of breath of a possible cardiac origin.
Radiation dose
From 1993 to 2001, myocardial perfusion scans in the US increased >6%/y with "no justification". Myocardial perfusion imaging scans are "powerful predictors of future clinical events", and in theory may identify patients for whom aggressive therapies should improve outcome. But this is "only a hypothesis, not a proof". However, several trials have indicated the high sensitivity (90%) of the test, regardless of tracer, outweighing any potential detrimental effect of the ionising radiation. In the UK, NICE guidance recommends myocardial perfusion scans following myocardial infarction or reperfusion interventions. The power of prognosis from a myocardial perfusion scan is excellent and has been well tested, and this is "perhaps the area of nuclear cardiology where the evidence is most strong".
Many radionuclides used for myocardial perfusion imaging, including rubidium-82, technetium-99m and thallium-201 have similar typical effective doses (15-35 mSv). The positron emission tomography (PET) tracer nitrogen-13 ammonia, though less widely available, may offer significantly reduced doses (2 mSv). Stress-only protocols may also prove to be effective at reducing costs and patient exposure.
References
Cardiac imaging
3D nuclear medical imaging
Scintigraphy
Technetium-99m
Francesco Maria de' Medici (12 November 1660 – 3 February 1711) was a member of the House of Medici. They were successively a Governor of Siena, cardinal and later the heir of the duchy of Montefeltro by right of their mother.
Biography
Medici was born in Florence and was the second son of Ferdinando II de' Medici, Grand Duke of Tuscany and their wife Vittoria della Rovere. They were the product of a reconciliation between their parents after their mother found the Grand Duke of Tuscany in bed with one of their pages. They were the younger brother of the Cosimo de' Medici, Grand Prince of Tuscany. Their maternal cousins included the Austrian bishop of Olmütz and the Duke of Mantua.
In 1683 they were appointed to governor of Siena, a position they maintained until their death. Three years later in September 1686 they were created cardinal with the permission of Pope Innocent XI. Francesco Maria exerted a notable influence in the conclaves of 1689 and 1700. Despite having this influence with the Papal States, they lived mainly at Villa di Lappeggi outside Florence. In their tenancy of the villa, Lappeggi was restored and became known as the seat of their personal court where various parties and much revelry took place.
At the death of their mother in March 1694, Medici succeeded to the Duchies of Rovere and Montefeltro, their allodial possessions, once the possession of the House of La Rovere. They acted as mentor to their nephew Grand Prince of Tuscany, heir to the Tuscan throne. When it became clear that the Grand Prince and their wife Violante Beatrice of Bavaria were not going to produce an heir, Cosimo III looked towards their brother to solve the problem facing the Tuscan succession. The question of an heir was further exacerbated when the union between Prince Gian Gastone and Anna Maria of Saxe-Lauenburg also remained barren.
In 1709, when their health had already deteriorated, they obtained the Papal dispensation from the cardinalate, and was forced to marry Eleonora Luisa Gonzaga, daughter of Vincenzo Gonzaga, Duke of Guastalla, in an attempt to save the dynasty. Married by proxy on 16 June 1709, the couple were married in person on 14 July 1709.
Contemporaries agreed that Gonzaga was an attractive woman with beautiful skin, eyes, mouth, and waist. However, it was soon clear that the marriage was not to be a fruitful union. Gonzaga was repulsed by their husband, refusing to fulfil their marital duties with a man twenty-six years their senior. Despite requisitioning the assistance of their old confessor from Guastalla, Cosimo III could not cajole them into submitting, as they allegedly feared contracting venereal diseases. Medici had them surmount this predicament and eventually the marriage was consummated. However, no heirs were born leaving Francesco Maria devastated.
Medici retired to Bagno a Ripoli where they died in 1711 from dropsy, leaving behind exorbitant debts. Their wife outlived them till 1742 having gone mad.
Ancestry
References
Bibliography
Acton, Harold: The Last Medici, Macmillan, London, 1980,
Moroni, Gaetano: Dizionario di Erudizione Storico Ecclesiastica da San Pietro, Tipografia Emiliana, 1847
External links
1660 births
1711 deaths
Francesco Maria
17th-century Italian nobility
17th-century Italian cardinals
18th-century Italian cardinals
Nobility from Florence
Deaths from edema
Governors of Siena
Francesco Maria de' Medici
Burials at San Lorenzo, Florence
Resigned cardinals
Clergy from Florence
is a railway station in Kure, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan.
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Kure Line
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1935
Blue Book is the commonly used name for a United States Marine Corps document officially known as Marine Corps Bulletin 1400 (MCBul 1400). MCBul 1400 serves to publish lineal precedence and seniority information on officers in the U.S. Marine Corps and U.S. Marine Corps Reserve. It is published annually by the U.S. Marine Corps' Deputy Commandant, Manpower and Reserve Affairs. In addition to determining seniority among officers, it is also used to determine promotion eligibility.
External links
U.S. Marine Corps Blue Book
United States Marine Corps
Ramage Point () is an ice-covered point lying just west of Beakley Glacier on the north side of Carney Island, along the coast of Marie Byrd Land. Delineated from aerial photographs taken by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump in January 1947. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for R. Admiral L.P. Ramage, U.S. Navy, Asst. Chief of Naval Operations, Ships Operations and Readiness, in the post 1957-58 IGY period.
Headlands of Marie Byrd Land
Wang Ju-hsuan (; born 2 October 1961), also known as Jennifer Wang, is a Taiwanese lawyer and politician. They were the Minister of the Council of Labor Affairs from 2008 to 2012. In 2015, Wang was selected as Eric Chu's running mate on the Kuomintang (KMT) ticket for the 2016 Republic of China presidential election, which they eventually lost.
Early life
Wang was born on 2 October 1961 in Taipei and grew up in Changhua County. They studied at Taipei First Girls' High School in Taipei. They obtained their bachelor's and master's degrees in law from National Taiwan University in 1984 and from Fu Jen Catholic University in 1988, respectively. They then obtained their doctoral degree from Renmin University of China in Beijing.
Non-political career
Wang was Chairwoman of the National Organization for Women in 1994, Chairwoman of the Awakening Foundation in 1998-1999, Executive Director of Taipei Bar Association in 1999-2002, and adviser to the Gender/Sexuality Rights Association of Taiwan in 2002-2008.
Political career
Wang served as adviser to Taipei Mayor Chen Shui-bian in 1996-1998, member of the Employment Discrimination Review Committee of the Taipei City Government in 1996-2008, member of Commission on Women's Right Promotion of Executive Yuan in 1998-2003, adviser to the Taipei City Government in 1999-2008, member of the Presidential Human Rights Advisory Council in 2004-2005 and member of the Labor Pension Fund Supervisory Committee of the Executive Yuan in 2007-2008.
Council of Labor Affairs Ministry
Wang was appointed Minister of the Council of Labor Affairs (CLA) on 20 May 2008. Them term was noted for controversial policies, including the filing of lawsuits against laid-off workers, the implementation of an unpaid leave system, and the so-called "22K policy", which was criticised for decreasing salaries.
They resigned on 28 September 2012 after their proposal to raise the minimum wage in Taiwan was disputed by Premier Sean Chen. Wang was replaced by CLA Deputy Minister Pan Shih-wei.
2016 Presidential election
Appointment to the KMT ticket
On 18 November 2015, Wang was officially appointed as the running mate of KMT presidential candidate Eric Chu.
Shortly after Wang's candidature was announced, allegations surfaced that they had improperly profited from property speculation on housing units intended to house military families. Wang responded by suing one of their accusers, legislator Tuan Yi-kang, for defamation while stating that their family had bought three units since 2008. After further allegations surfaced, Wang then listed five properties they and their family owned or had owned while stressing the legality of their actions. A few days later Wang revised the list of properties they had invested in to include twelve units, apologised for having "failed to meet the moral standards expected of me", and pledged to donate the profits from their sales to charity. The case was dropped in January 2016, as prosecutors decided Tuan had done adequate research to bring the allegations forth. However, prosecutors also found that the allegations were false and cleared Wang of any wrongdoing.
Election result
Wang and Chu finished second in the election on 16 January 2016.
References
Taiwanese Ministers of Labor
Living people
1961 births
National Taiwan University alumni
Fu Jen Catholic University alumni
Renmin University of China alumni
Politicians of the Republic of China on Taiwan from Taipei
Raymond Eugene "Kevin" Sutton (born August 31, 1964) is an American college basketball coach, currently an assistant coach at the University of Rhode Island. Sutton previously served as the head boys basketball coach at Bishop McNamara, Montrose Christian, Montverde Academy and was the head coach for Team USA in the 2011 Nike/USA Basketball Hoop Summit.
Playing career
In 1988, Sutton graduated from James Madison University where they played three years of varsity basketball and lettered each season.
High school coaching
Sutton coached at five nationally ranked high school programs—Flint Hill Prep (1988–1990), Harker Prep (1990–1992), St. John's Prospect Hall (1992–1998), Montrose Christian and Montverde Academy (2004–2011)—amassing a 489–102 record and winning two national championships. In 1998, they were the associate head coach on the USA Today Super 25 National Championship team and in 2007, they were the head coach of the Montverde Academy Hoops.Com National Championship team led by future NBA player Solomon Alabi.
While at Montverde Academy, Sutton's program was labeled a "basketball factory" by the Orlando Sentinel. Sutton coached seven nationally ranked teams and compiled a 186-33 record, while turning out 55 Division I scholarship athletes and three All-America selections. During their final two seasons at Montverde, Sutton was assisted by former NBA player Andrew DeClercq, Matthew Wheeler and hip-hop artist Dorian.
College coaching
Sutton had a pair of two-year stints as an assistant coach at both James Madison University and Old Dominion University under Coach Jeff Capel. In 2011, Sutton was hired at George Washington University. In 2013, Sutton joined the staff at Georgetown University under coach John Thompson III. In 2016, they were hired by Kevin Stallings as an assistant coach at University of Pittsburgh.
Team USA
Sutton has also been selected as a coach for USA Basketball on three occasions. They were an assistant coach at the Hoop Festival for the East team, had a two-year stint with the Junior Developmental Team (U16), which won a gold medal at the FIBA Americas Tournament in Argentina, and they were the head coach for the Nike/USA Basketball Hoop Summit, a game showcasing the top 10 international players against the top 10 American players. Led by Austin Rivers and Anthony Davis, Sutton's Team USA beat the World Team 92-80.
Personal life
Sutton and their wife, Beth, have four children, Aaron, Kayleigh, Isaiah and Rileigh.
Notable players coached
Cory Alexander
Solomon Alabi
Bradley Beal
James Bell
Jason Capel
Randolph Childress
Patricio Garino
Nate James
George Lynch
Luc Richard Mbah A Moute
Haukur Palsson
Ruslan Pateev
L.D Williams
Serge Zwikker
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
George Washington Colonials men's basketball coaches
Georgetown Hoyas men's basketball coaches
Old Dominion Monarchs men's basketball coaches
James Madison Dukes men's basketball players
Pittsburgh Panthers men's basketball coaches
High school basketball coaches in the United States
American men's basketball players
Freeway 1 () is the first and longest freeway in Iraq. It is long. It extends from Umm Qasr Port in Basra to Ar Rutba in Anbar, where it spreads into a new freeway with same number towards Syria and Jordan.
The part of the freeway from Nasiriyah to Al Diwaniyah is a single carriageway, because the second carriageway is not completed.
Major cities along the route
Basrah
Nasiriyah
Al Diwaniyah
Al Hillah
Baghdad
Fallujah
Habbaniyah
Ramadi
Ar Rutba
Roads in Iraq
is 1958 Japanese romance-drama film in technicolor, directed by Koji Shima.
Film cast
Machiko Kyō as Aya Koyanagi
Hiroshi Kawaguchi as Takeshi Koyanagi
Kenji Sugawara as Rentaro Shinohara
Hitomi Nozoe as Kana Shinohara
Junko Kano as Fusae Shimazaki
Tanie Kitabayashi as Tetsu Koyanagi
Kyu Sazanka as Saburo Maeda
Chieko Naniwa as Yone
Michiko Ono as Shinko
Teruko Kishi as Kinoshita
Fujio Harumoto as Maruyama
Yoshiro Kitahara as Shimizu
Kiyoko Hirai as Mrs. Sekine
Atsuko Kindaichi as Sekine's daughter
Yoshihiro Hamaguchi as Hirota
Frank Nagai as themselves (singing)
Mariko Ogasawara as maid at Koyanagi's
Minami Satoko as Sadako Yamanaka
Ryuji Shinagawa as announcer
References
External links
Japanese films
1958 films
Films directed by Koji Shima
1950s Japanese films
Juan Sebastián Cabal and Robert Farah were the defending champions, but chose to compete in Nice instead.
Steve Johnson and Sam Querrey won the title, defeating Raven Klaasen and Rajeev Ram in the final, 6–4, 6–1.
Seeds
Draw
Draw
References
Main Draw
Doubles
The Hauts-de-Seine General Council (French: Conseil général des Hauts-de-Seine) is the deliberative assembly of the Hauts-de-Seine department.
It consists of 46 members (general councilors) and its headquarters are
in Nanterre, capital of the department, and the president is Patrick Devedjian.
The general councilors are elected for a 6-years term. The Hauts-de-Seine general council includes 8 vice-presidents.
The president
The president of the General Council is currently Patrick Devedjian.
The vice-presidents
Jean-Yves Bony , 1st vice-president
Sylvie Lachaize , 2nd vice-president
Bernard Delcros , 3rd vice-president
The general councilors
The General Council consists of 46 general councilors (conseillers généraux) who come from the 15 cantons of Hauts-de-Seine.
Visual identity (logo)
See also
Hauts-de-Seine
General councils of France
Website
Hauts-de-Seine General Council
Hauts-de-Seine
Departmental councils (France)
fr:Conseil général des Hauts-de-Seine
Imre Gyula Izsák (Zalaegerszeg, Hungary, February 21, 1929 – Paris, France, April 21, 1965) was a Hungarian mathematician, physicist, astronomer, and celestial mechanician. Their father, Gyula Izsák, taught geography and biology in Zalaegerszeg. Their mother, Aranka Pálfi, was a mathematics and physics teacher.
Education
Izsák received their basic schooling in Zalaegerszeg. After their mother's early death, they continued their studies at the Lower Real School in Kőszeg, where they were particularly influenced by their geography and science teacher, Szilárd Zerinváry, who later gained national fame with their writings on astronomy and the stars.
Because of their outstanding mathematical abilities, Izsák was sent on to study at the Artúr Görgey Military Cadet Engineering School in Esztergom. Near the end of the Second World War, their entire class of military cadets was taken to Germany, where they became a prisoner of war.
On their return to their native town from a prisoner-of-war camp in the fall of 1945, they enrolled in the 6th grade of Ferenc Deák High School (now Miklós Zrínyi High School). The following year, they simultaneously completed 7th and 8th grade with outstanding results and ranked 1st and 2nd in national mathematics competitions.
They earned their college degree in mathematics and physics at the Loránd Eötvös University of Arts and Sciences in Budapest. While there, they were a resident of Eötvös College, a residential college for elite students of the university. During their second year they published a paper that resulted in controversy, as some could not believe that such a paper on differential geometry had been written by a young student. Attending lectures by István Földes raised their interest in celestial mechanics. During their college years, they were an assistant at the observatory founded by Miklós Konkoly-Thege. They continued working there after earning their degree in the summer of 1951. In the observatory, they worked under the supervision of László Detre and Júlia Balázs and started working on their advanced degree at the age of 22.
In 1953 they joined the Szabadsághegyi Observatory. They later taught at the University of Arts and Sciences in Szeged.
Celestial mechanics
Izsák was interested in the three-body problem and the n-body problem. They studied the light emissions of quasars. After defending their doctorate and ignoring the prevailing wisdom that celestial mechanics was a resolved field, they returned to their favorite topic and started working on the trajectories of rockets and satellites. Putting their work into practice would have been possible only in the Soviet Union or the USA; international connections in Hungary at that time were limited to the occasional conference in the Soviet Union. Therefore, in November 1956, during the Hungarian revolution, they took advantage of the open borders and emigrated to Austria.
Soon after, they traveled to Switzerland, where the director of the Zürich Observatory offered them a position. They arrived in Zürich on January 9, 1957. By April, they were a full-time researcher at the institute for solar physics. Besides their research, they taught celestial navigation and time measurement to college students. They started learning English and became part of the international scientific community. Their results on computing satellite orbits earned them an invitation to Cincinnati, Ohio. Soon they became one of the most respected authorities on the topic. They got a new offer for a position at the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory in Cambridge, Massachusetts. This was the primary institute for processing the orbital data of U.S. satellites. The work they started in Cambridge in 1959 led to their greatest successes. They had access to computers, which they needed to carry out much more precise computations than previously. The pace of the work was intense. They and their collaborators published one paper after another and extended their work to the geodesic applications of satellites.
The ultimate goal of their computations was the determination of the precise shape of the Earth, which had long been known to be approximately an ellipsoid of revolution. They used observations of satellite orbits to compute deviations from this shape. The classic problem of celestial mechanics is to compute the orbit of a moon, given a known distribution of mass. They solved the inverse problem. They used harmonic approximation in their computations, i.e. they reconstructed the Earth's gravitational field from monopoles, dipoles, quadrupoles, etc. The shape indicated by such a computation may not match the shape of the Earth exactly, but it has exactly the same gravitational field. Izsák found that the shape of the equator was not a precise circle, but deviated from one by about 400 meters. This result was magnitudes better than any previous approximation.
On June 1, 1961, they officially announced their computations of the shape of the Earth and its surface. They brought them to the center of scientific attention and rapidly earned them international fame. They received frequent invitations and gave lectures all over the world. They continued to work hard, agreeing to write a college textbook on the motions of satellites while lecturing at Harvard University. As an acknowledgment their accomplishments, they were made a chief scientist at NASA.
Izsák was married on June 7, 1962, to Emily Kuempel Brady, a teacher of English literature at Boston University. They became a US citizen on February 24, 1964. That fall, their son Andrew was born.
In 1965, they traveled to a conference on satellite-geodesics in Paris, where they died of a heart attack in their hotel room on April 21, 1965, at the age of 36. They were buried in Cambridge, Massachusetts, on April 28.
Honors
Izsák Crater on the Moon, 23.3 degrees south, 117.1 degrees east. (To the west of the Tsiolkovsky and Fermi double craters on the other side of the moon).
The asteroid 1546 Izsák, discovered by György Kulin was named in their honor.
The Imre Gyula Izsák Astrophysics Institute of the Loránd Eötvös University of Arts and Sciences in Budapest has been named after them since 2007.
References
Further reading
Magyar tudóslexikon A-tól Zs-ig. Főszerk. Nagy Ferenc. Budapest: Better; MTESZ; OMIKK. 1997. 407–408. o.
1929 births
1965 deaths
20th-century Hungarian physicists
20th-century Hungarian astronomers
20th-century Hungarian mathematicians
The Ponca are a Native American tribe.
Ponca may also refer to:
Native American
Ponca Tribe of Nebraska
Ponca Tribe of Indians of Oklahoma
Omaha–Ponca language, a Siouan language
Arkansas
Ponca, Arkansas, an unincorporated community in Newton County
Nebraska
Ponca, Nebraska, county seat of Dixon County
Ponca Creek (Missouri River), a creek in South Dakota and Nebraska
Ponca Fort (c1700-c1865), a Native American fortified village near Niobrara, Nebraska
Ponca Reservation, an Indian Reservation in north-east Nebraska
Ponca State Park, Nebraska
Ponca Township, Dixon County, Nebraska
Oklahoma
Ponca City, Oklahoma
Ponca City Baseball team, Oklahoma
Ponca City High School, Oklahoma
Ponca City Public Schools, a public school district
Ponca City Regional Airport (PNC), an airport in Oklahoma
Poncan Theatre, a theatre in Ponca City
Other
Ponca Jazz Records, a Norwegian record label founded in 2004
See also
Poncha (disambiguation)
hr:Ponca
Joint Services Publication 440 ("JSP 440") is the name of a British 2001 Ministry of Defence 2,400-page restricted security manual, detailing the requirements for units with regards to all areas of security both physical and electronic. This has been interpreted in the media as instructions for avoiding leaks due to hackers, journalists, and foreign spies; however, that is only a small part of the document.
The publication was posted on WikiLeaks on 3 October 2009.
See also
IS1
Government Communications Headquarters
References
External links
UK MoD Manual of Security JSP-440
Classified information in the United Kingdom
Information assurance standards
IT risk management
2001 in the United Kingdom
2001 in military history
2001 documents
Tafton is an unincorporated community in Pike County, Pennsylvania, United States. The major routes in Tafton are PA 507 and PA 390. Tafton borders Lake Wallenpaupack to the west and Blooming Grove to the east. There is a lake that hugs PA 390 called Fairview Lake, which is located in Tafton. Fairview Lake is home to an all-girls summer camp called Camp Oneka. The now-closed Tanglewood Ski Area and Winter Park is also located in Tafton.
Pocono Mountains
Unincorporated communities in Pike County, Pennsylvania
Unincorporated communities in Pennsylvania
The chief justice of Afghanistan is the head of Afghanistan's supreme court. There have been multiple supreme courts throughout Afghanistan's history. The current supreme court is the Supreme Court of the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan, and its current chief justice is Abdul Hakim Ishaqzai.
List of chief justices
Supreme Court of the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan
Noor Mohammad Saqib
Supreme Court of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan
Faisal Ahmad Shinwari (December 2001 – May 2006), was a member of the Islamic Dawah Organisation of Afghanistan
Abdul Salam Azimi (May 2006 – October 2014), a former professor at the University of Arizona in the United States
Sayed Yousuf Halim (October 2014 – August 2021), former Deputy Minister of Justice for Technical Affairs (and Acting Minister of Justice), Deputy Minister for Administrative Affairs, and Head of the Ministry of Justice's General Legislative Department
Supreme Court of the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan
Abdul Hakim Ishaqzai (August 2021 – present)
Notes
References
Afghanistan
Afghan judges
Judiciary of Afghanistan
Qadis
Law enforcement in the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan
Duncan Dunbar (1764 – 1825) was a Scottish brewer and wine merchant.
Dunbar was born in Balnageith near Forres, in what was then Elginshire. They settled in Limehouse, London in the 1790s, establishing their alcohol business at Dunbar wharf.
On the death of their father, Duncan and their brother John took on the running of the business. Duncan junior bought out their brother John. Then they expanded the business into shipping. They were extremely successful and when they died on 6 March 1862 at their home at Porchester Terrace, Paddington their fortune amounted to £1.5 million.
External links
Duncan Dunbar and their Ships
References
1825 deaths
18th-century Scottish businesspeople
Year of birth unknown
Wine merchants
Year of birth uncertain
19th-century Scottish businesspeople
1764 births
Western Odisha or the western part of Odisha, India, extending from the Kalahandi district in the south to the Sundargarh district in the north.
History
Historically It's a region of Kalinga & ruled by various dynastys.
Mahameghavahana dynasty
2nd or 1st century BC to early 4th century CE
Gupta Empire
Bhauma-Kara dynasty
Somavamshi dynasty
Somavamshi King Janamajaya-I Mahabhavagupta (Circa 882–922 CE ) consolidated the eastern part of their kingdom comprising the modern undivided Sambalpur and Bolangir districts and established matrimonial relationship with the Bhauma-Kara dynasty ruling over the coastal modern Odisha. After Uddyotakeshari (c. 1040–1065 C.E.), the Somavamshi kingdom declined gradually.
After the decline of Somvamshis the area came under Telugu Chodas for a short period. The last Telugu Choda king of south Kosala was Somesvara III who was defeated by Kalachuri king Jajalladeva-I around 1110 CE.
Kalachuri Dynasty:
Jajalla-deva, a ruler of the Kalachuri dynasty of Ratanpur (Chhattisgarh), defeated the ruler of Sonpur and annexed it with their kingdom in 1110. It was under the Kalachuri rulers of Ratanpur (Now in Chhattisgarh state) from 1110 to 1238.
Eastern Ganga Dynasty
The last ruler of Kalachuri Dynasty Pratapmalla invade the frontiers of the Ganga territory along with their son Paramardi Dev. Anangabhima Deva III, the Eastern Ganga ruler, sent a large force under the command of their able Brahman commander, Vishnu. The two forces met face to face at the Seori Narayana village in undivided Sambalpur district on the banks of the river called Bhima near the Vindhya hills and the Kalchuris were defeated for the first time in a major way by the Gangas. The Chateswara Temple Inscription of Anangabhima mentions that Vishnu terrorized the Kalachuri king so much that the latter "perceived Vishnu every where through out their kingdom."[7]
Pratapmalla was taken prisoner and forced to cede the Sambalpur-Sonepur-Bolangir tracts along with parts of what is now Chhattishgarh state to the Ganga kingdom. Later with the advise of their minister Vishnu, Anangabhima established a diplomatic and matrimonial alliance with the Kalachuris by offering the hand of their daughter Chandrika in marriage to the Kalachuri prince, Parmardi Dev. Once the alliance was secured, the Ganga forces multiplied in strength. Parmardi Dev died in the final recorded battle of Narasingha Deva I's invasion of Bengal at Umurdan (Amarda in Mayurbhanj district).
Gajapati Empire
After Easter Ganga dynasty , this area ruled by mighty Gajapati Empire.
But ,due to continued aggression of the Bengal sultanate from the north and Vijayanagara and Bahmani empires from the south. These struggles weakened the Gajapati empire ,Ultimately Ramai Deva, a Chauhan Rajput from North India founded Chauhan rule in western Orissa
Natural resources
Western odisha region is rich with minerals. Iron ore is available in plenty at Tensa and Barsuan in Sundargarh district, Bauxite is available at Gandhamardan in Bargarh district, Coal is available in Himgir in Sundargarh district and Rampur in Jharsuguda district. Dolomite is available at Dubulabera and Kangorama in Sambalpur district and Lephripada in Sundargarh district. Graphite is available at Patnagarh and Titilagarh in Balangir district. Manganese ore is available in Balangir district. Fireclay is available at Belpahar in Jharsuguda district, Gandawara in Sambalpur district and some places of Sundargarh district.
Demographics
Population
(Source: Population of India, 2011)
In addition to the ten districts listed above and shown on the map, the Western Odisha Development Council includes Anugul on its website.
Art and culture
Western Odisha is culturally influenced by several different cults and religions. Its history dates back to the Mahabharat and Buddhist period. Folk songs and dances of this area have been revived and recognized during the last quarter century, including Danda (Danda Yatra and Danda Nata), which is considered to be one of the oldest forms of variety entertainment in India, to the modern "Krushnaguru Bhajan", a type of folk lyrics and songs. Sambalpuri songs are quite popular throughout Odisha. Some hits include Rangabati, Ekda Ekda, Dalkhai, and Panbala Babu.
Temples
Nrusinghanath Temple
Chari Sambhu Temple
Leaning Temple of Huma
Maa Samaleswari temple
Lord Jagarnath Temple
Manikeshwari Temple
Yogeswar Temple
Harishankar Temple
Songs and dances
Rangabati
Rangabati is a modern composed Sambalpuri song inspired by folk music, written about 1975, which enjoyed international popularity in the 1970s and 1980s. It was sung by Jitendra Haripal and Krishna Patel. The music was composed by Prabhudutta Pradhan and the lyrics by Mitrabhanu Gauntia. The song was recorded and broadcast by All India Radio, Sambalpur
References
Regions of Odisha
Meaford Power Station was a coal-fired power station situated on the River Trent at Meaford near Stone in Staffordshire.
History
Meaford A
In June 1919, it was proposed that a 'joint power station' should be established in the Trentham or Barlaston areas to supply all of North Staffordshire.
The North West Midlands Joint Electricity Authority (NWMJEA) was established in 1928 under the Electricity (Supply) Act 1919, taking over the existing power stations in Stoke-on-Trent and Stafford.
Before the Meaford site was selected, in 1939 the North West Midlands Joint Electricity Authority considered a site further north, opposite Hem Heath Colliery, in Newstead, Stoke-on-Trent. The Joint Electricity Authority required a site for a 60MW power station near Stoke (as it was the largest consumer of electricity in the area), and where a supply of 1.5 million gallons of water a day could be obtained. The River Trent itself was too polluted, but suitably clean water could be obtained from the Stoke sewage works at Strongford, near Barlaston.
On 2 March 1939, the NWMJEA decided to construct a power station at Meaford, and after an enquiry in July 1939 an inquiry by the Electricity Commissioners agreed to the development.
After delays caused by the Second World War, the North West Midlands Joint Electricity Authority began work on Meaford Power Station in 1945, with the structure being built by Dorman Long.
The station was opened on 20 October 1947 by Manny Shinwell – the first power station to come into operation after the war. The station was known as Meaford A power station even before the B station was built, as the proposal was always for two phases of construction. It had a generating capacity of 120 megawatts (MW), comprising four 30 MW GEC turbo-alternators, fed by boilers on a 'range system'. It had two brick tall chimneys, one at either end of the station, and two tall concrete cooling towers. The generating capacity, electricity production and thermal efficiency are shown in the table.
Generation ceased in 1974, and the boiler house, turbine hall and both chimneys were demolished by 1982. However its two cooling towers remained in service until 28 September 1990 before subsequent demolition in 1991 on the same day as the three of Meaford 'B'. Station office block and some workshops remained for many years after before demolition.
Meaford B
Meaford B power station was located to the south of A station. The station was built using numerous main and sub-contractors to include G. Percy Trentham (excavations, roads, railway sidings, superstructure etc.), Cleveland Bridge & Engineering Company (station steel frame), P.C. Richardson & Co. (chimney), Babcock & Wilcox (boiler plant), British Thomson-Houston (turbo-alternators) and many contractors.
Construction work on it began in 1951, with completion and formal opening on 4 October 1957. It was of 240 MW generating capacity, comprising four 60 MW British Thomson-Houston turbo alternators. These were initially rated at 65 MW, but later at 60 MW. Steam was provided by four Babcock & Wilcox boilers. These fed steam at 515,000 lbs per hour, with a steam temperature of 1,065 °F (566 °C) and 1,500 psi operating pressure. The station was built on the 'unit' or 'set' principle where one boiler fed one turbo alternator. It had one centrally placed, brick built chimney, which stood at tall. System water was cooled by three tall cooling towers and after Meaford A had been decommissioned, all five cooling towers. The station was of brick cladding construction over a steel frame, which supported the four boilers from the roof. Its design efficiency was 31.41%.
The station was initially operated by the Central Electricity Authority which three months after the formal opening became the Central Electricity Generating Board (CEGB) on 1 January 1958, and the 'B' station was quite an efficient station for much of its life, and won a number of trophies within the board. Investment continued in the late 1980s, principally to reduce smoke and sulphur emissions. With the cessation of the CEGB as an entity on 31 March 1990, the B station was allocated to National Power – the larger of the two conventional power companies formed from the CEGB at privatisation. Generation continued through 1990, until late September that year, when it was announced that B station was to close imminently: i.e. when the coal in the bunkers on the station had run out. This occurred with the tripping of No.2 unit at 13.00 hrs on 28 September 1990.
The generating capacity, electricity production and thermal efficiency are shown in the table.
The annual output of Meaford B in GWh was:The five cooling towers were demolished in September 1991, followed by formal closure of the station on 1 October 1991. Demolition of the station then commenced, and was completed on 9 June 1996 with the felling of the chimney, which made the national television news that day.
Two steam railway locomotives and two diesel railway locomotives are preserved at heritage railways in Northern England and the Midlands (Foxfield Light Railway).
The site is largely empty as of October 2020 apart from two operational 132kV substations (Barlaston & Meaford ‘C') for Western Power Distribution, though some 'A' station buildings were occupied for business use, these have now been vacated and the buildings have now fallen into complete disrepair. The site is monitored 24/7 remotely using CCTV and motion detection systems.
A new company Meaford Energy Limited (MEL) has now submitted a DCO Application for the Meaford Energy Centre (MEC), a new combined cycle gas turbine (CCGT) power station and its integral gas and electricity connections to be built on part of the site of the old power stations. The new power station is proposed to have a generating capacity of up to 299MWe. Meaford Energy Limited (MEL) is a joint venture between Glenfinnan and St. Modwen – the owners of the site.
References
External links
YouTube - Meaford Power Station last day 28th September 1990.
YouTube - Demolition of one of the station's five cooling towers.
Photos - photos of power stations in Staffordshire, including some of Meaford
River Trent
Buildings and structures in Staffordshire
Power stations in the West Midlands (region)
Former power stations in England
Estadio Eladio Rosabal Cordero is a multi-purpose stadium in Heredia, Costa Rica. The stadium holds 8,700 people and opened in 1951. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Herediano.
The stadium is named after Herediano legend Eladio Rosabal Cordero, who founded the club in 1921.
References
Football venues in Costa Rica
Buildings and structures in Heredia Province
Bembridge School And Cliffs SSSI () is a 12.58 hectare geological Site of Special Scientific Interest near Bembridge on the Isle of Wight, notified in 1999.
It is listed in the Geological Conservation Review.
This site consists of the coastral strip in the northern part of Whitecliff Bay. Steyne Wood Clays containing fossils from the Quaternary period are found at the site.
References
Sites of Special Scientific Interest on the Isle of Wight
Bembridge
Sahara Samay is a Hindi-language 24/7 news television channel, owned by Sahara India Pariwar. The channel is a free-to-air and launched on 28 March 2003. The channel is available across all major cable and DTH platforms as well as online.
The network offers five regional 24x7 news channels catering to millions and millions of Hindi speaking viewers in the states of U.P./Uttarakhand, M.P./Chhattisgarh, Bihar/Jharkhand, Delhi/NCR and Mumbai. Additionally the network also offers 'Samay', a 24-hr national news channel broadcast in over 66 countries.
Notable people
Upenderra Rai CEO and editor-in-chief of Sahara News Network
Dr. Meena Sharma worked here aged 26 gaining government recognition for their work.
References
Hindi-language television channels in India
Television channels and stations established in 2004
Hindi-language television stations
Television stations in New Delhi
Gambling in Estonia is relatively young. While Estonia was a part of the USSR, all types of gambling activities were banned. Despite the prohibition, illegal casinos still functioned, but the real history of gambling started in 1994-1995 when the first Lottery Act of 1994 and the first Gambling Act of 1995 came into power.
As the capitol, Tallinn has more casinos than any other Estonian town. As of September 2010, there were 33 casinos in Tallinn. That's 3 times less than in 2008, when 91 gambling venues operated in this city. According to experts, the main reasons for such decrease were the consequences of the crisis and the adoption of the new gambling law in 2008.
The legal age for playing at casinos is 21.
Gaming law
The latest Gambling Act was adopted in 2008 and came into power at the beginning of 2009. The main advantage of this piece of legislation was that it provided legal basis for the regulation of the rapidly developing online gambling industry. The Act regulates the gambling industry in today's Estonia. Before this act came into power, two main pieces of legislation had been used – the Gambling Act of 1995 and the Lotteries Act of 1994. These two acts very soon proved to be insufficient due to the rapid development of technology in the field of gambling industry. In particular, online gambling services remained unregulated.
The Gambling Act 1995 introduced 4 types of gambling, namely games of chance, games of skill, totalisators, and betting. According to this Act, to be able to offer gambling services, all operators should have obtained an activity license and an operation permit. Individual activity licenses should have been obtained for all types of gambling and were issued for 10 years. Operation permit was provided for a term of 5 years and was meant to indicate the location of the gambling place. Those applicants whose license applications were rejected, could turn to the administrative court to resolve the issue.
The new Gambling Act annulled the 2 previous acts, yet most of the main postulates remained unchanged. In particular, the 4 types of gambling named in the Gambling Act 1995 are also described as the main categories of gambling in the new Act. The requirement to obtain an activity license and an operation permit to legally offer gambling services have also remained unchanged.
Today, the issue of activity licences and operating permits for gambling and lotteries is the responsibility of the Estonian Tax and Customs Board.
Since Estonia is a member of the European Union, the gambling law of the country should conform to the laws of the Community. Yet, even those operators licensed in other countries members of the EU should fulfil the same requirements as the unlicensed ones, i.e. apply for the activity and operation licenses and provide the evidence to the Estonian Tax and Customs Board that they are capable of sustaining legal and strong business. These stringent rules are contrary to the principles of free competition that are promoted by the European Commission, but Estonian authorities say that this is just a part of their step-by-step approach to ensuring that gambling industry is properly regulated and causes no harm to the society.
Online gambling
Estonia started imposing online gaming regulations in 2010. The two main laws that control online gaming in the country are the Gambling Act and the Gambling Tax Act. In 2010, online gambling became legal in Estonia. The main reasons for this were the consequences of the world crisis 2008-2009. The country's economy was down, so online gambling was meant to become a new source of income. From January 2010, only local sites were allowed to offer their gambling services online. In January 2011 Estonia opened its gambling market to offshore operators, but on condition that they would get licenses from the Estonian authority.
Alongside legalization of the market, Estonia started blocking unlicensed gambling sites that tried to offer their services to Estonian citizens.
Lottery
Lotteries in Estonia can only be organized for the purposes of charity.
Lotto, keno, bingo and scratchcard lotteries in Estonia are mostly offered by the state owned Eesti Loto. The company was established in 1991 and since then remained the main lottery operator. Before 2010, Eesti Loto had a 90% market share. In 2010, most licenses of other lottery operators have expired and since the new Gambling Act suggested quite strict rules for obtaining a new license, Eesti Loto remained a monopoly. In 2009, Estonian Prime Minister Andrus Ansip suggested privatizing the company to help the budget of Estonia, but as of 2011 it remained a property of the state.
Turnover of Eesti Loto in 2009 was € 33 million of which 47% was paid out as prize money. The profits were distributed as follows: 32% science and education, 22% Olympic Committee, 10% other sports projects, 32% welfare projects, 4% cultural projects
In summer 2011, the Estonian Customer Protection Board started a battle with Eesti Loto. The reason for their action was the fact that Eesti Loto published the jackpot estimates on a weekly basis for the two most popular lotteries. The Customer Protection Board claimed that it can be regarded as advertising of gambling, which is prohibited by the Advertising Act 2008. After the case has been taken to the court, Eesti Loto was granted the right to continue publishing the amounts of expected jackpots
The legal age for playing lotteries in Estonia is 16.
Taxes
Taxation of gambling activities is currently regulated by the Gambling Tax Act adopted on 22 April 2009. It came into power in June 2009 following the adoption of the new Gambling Act. The new Act on taxation brought some changes to the gambling industry. First of all, it provided legal basis for the taxation of remote gambling which was overlooked in the previous version of the act. As of November 2011, operators of betting and remote gambling have to pay 5% tax on the net profit.
Tax rates for gambling machines and gambling tables remained unchanged. Tax on the basis of the turnover for amusement game machines was replaced by a monthly fixed fee per machine. The lottery (numerical lottery) tax became 18% (deducted from the amount gained from the sale of tickets). Previously, the tax rate was 10%.
References
External links
emta.ee
Heritage Regional High School is a public secondary school located in Longueuil. Before being known as Heritage, the school was known as MacDonald-Cartier Memorial High School.
HRTV
Heritage Regional High School is the owner of its own television studio and Media Studies program. It became defunct a few years later.
iCan
The iCan program is a program for students with interest in computers. The program consists of a condensed schedule like Sports Excellence; but, instead of doing sports, every student has two hours of time to work on various projects on the computer. Some examples of projects in Secondary 1 are Scratch, making an agenda cover page, and learning HTML. In Secondary 2, students do some of the same things, but with some more advanced projects such as learning Photoshop. In Secondary 3, projects may include learning Photoshop, HTML, Python, SQL, and 3D image rendering.
IBO plays 2006
The Secondary 4 IBO students performed several plays on stage. The theme was media, which included movies and television shows. A variety of different plays were also performed.
In 2008, the plays were presented again during the IBO open fair to give parents, students and others who had missed the original performances to see them.
Plays performed
The Flintstones
CSI Miami
Cinderella
The Nanny
The 10th Kingdom
Will & Grace
Fawlty Towers
That '70s Show
Guard Show
Clubs
Environment Club
The HRHS Environmental Club belongs to Roots and Shoots, a program offered by the Jane Goodall Institute. The club has been active for many years, although not only at HRHS. The club was started by Coleen Carter when they were working at RVR High School. When they came to teach at the new Heritage Regional High School (renamed from MacDonald Cartier Memorial High School), the Environmental Club followed.
In the last few years, the club has raised several hundred dollars for various charities; adopted a whale, owl, chimpanzee, and polar bear; and collected over 2000 old prescription eyeglasses and over 200 pounds of plastic and aluminum tabs for recycling.
References
External links
HRHS's website
Riverside School Board Portal
English-language schools in Quebec
High schools in Longueuil
International Baccalaureate schools in Quebec
Riverside School Board
Educational institutions in Canada with year of establishment missing
Homi Mullan (1940 - 2015) was an Indian percussionist born in Kolkata.  They are widely recognised for their musical contributions to Bengali and Hindi films. Mullan worked with musical directors including; S. D. Burman, Madan Mohan, Naushad and R. D. Burman.
Musical career
Homi Mullan commenced their musical career in Kolkata at a young age. In Kolkata, Mullan was acquainted with musical director and singer Pankaj Mullick. Mullick offered Mullan a role where they would play percussion used in Bengali films. Mullan accepted Mullicks offer.
Mullan's worked with various other musicians. These musicians included; Sailesh Dasgupta, Shyamal Mitra, and Nachiketa Ghosh.
Mullan assisted R. D. Burman in introducing percussion to the Bollywood film industry.
Burman's direction and guidance saw percussion become a significant musical element in the Bollywood film industry today.
Mullan retired from the music industry after Burman's death in 1994.
References
Indian male composers
was a Japanese samurai of the late Sengoku period to early Edo period, who served the Hatakeyama clan, Oda clan, and then the Maeda clan of the Kaga Domain.
Biography
The son of Chō Tsugutsura, Tsuratatsu was originally from Noto Province. They became a monk later in life, remaining as such until 1577. That year, Tsuratatsu's elder brother joined Oda Nobunaga during their invasion of Noto, and convinced Tsuratatsu to do the same, thus the Chō family became the established power within the province. Tsuratatsu supported their master by repeatedly engaging in conflicts against the Ikkō-ikki, and most notably assisted Shibata Katsuie in their campaign to liberate Kaga Province from the influence of the Ikkō in 1580. In return for Tsuratatsu's conviction, Nobunaga granted them land confiscated from the Isurugi Shrine of Echizen Province. That same year Tsuratatsu became a high ranking yoriki under the jurisdiction of Maeda Toshiie, but was later made a direct vassal of the Maeda, following the Incident at Honnō-ji. Tsuratatsu assisted Tokugawa Ieyasu in the Sekigahara Campaign of 1600. Tsuratatsu died in what is now Nanao, in 1619. Their descendants continued to serve the Maeda clan, received a stipend of 30,000 koku, and had karō status.
One of Tsuratatsu's descendants, Chō Tsurahide, was one of the assassins of Ōkubo Toshimichi.
References
"Chō-shi" on Harimaya.com (18 Feb. 2008)
Samurai
1546 births
1619 deaths
Kaga-Maeda retainers
Rinzai Buddhists
Mostadmark Chapel () is a parish church of the Church of Norway in Malvik municipality in Trøndelag county, Norway. It is located in the village of Sneisen in the rural Mostadmarka area of southern Malvik. It is one of the churches for the Hommelvik parish which is part of the Stjørdal prosti (deanery) in the Diocese of Nidaros. The red, wooden chapel was built in a long church style in 1986 by the architectural firm Risan & Risan. The chapel seats about 120 people.
The church was consecrated on 15 June 1986 by Bishop Kristen Kyrre Bremer.
See also
List of churches in Nidaros
References
Malvik
Churches in Trøndelag
Long churches in Norway
Wooden churches in Norway
20th-century Church of Norway church buildings
Churches completed in 1986
1986 establishments in Norway
The Vinești () is a right tributary of the river Mureș in Romania. It discharges into the Mureș in Săvârșin. Its length is and its basin size is . Its Hungarian name means “Customs Creek”.
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Arad County
Edith Jacobson (; September 10, 1897 – December 8, 1978) was a German psychoanalyst. Them major contributions to psychoanalytic thinking dealt with the development of the sense of identity and self-esteem and with an understanding of depression and psychosis. They were able to integrate the tripartite structural model of classic psychoanalysis with the theory of object relations into a revised drive theory. Thereby, they increased the treatment possibilities of the more disturbed pre-oedipal patients.
Biography
Born into a Jewish family to a physician father and musician mother, Edith Jacobson was a physician and later they became also a psychoanalyst. In 1922 they received their medical degree, after they attended medical school at Jena, Heidelberg, and at Munich. From 1922 until 1925 they did their pediatric internship at the University Hospital in Heidelberg. They develop interest in psychoanalysis during that period. In their internship they observed instances of childhood sexuality. They began training at the Berlin Psychoanalytic Institute in 1925 and their analyst was Otto Fenichel.
In 1930, they became a member of the Berlin Psychoanalytic Society and was soon presenting papers that dealt with their interest in the problems of the superego and its development. In 1934 they became a training analyst at the Berlin Institute.
In 1935, the Nazis imprisoned Jacobson because they refused to divulge information about a patient. In 1938, they became ill with Graves' disease and diabetes; while hospitalised in Leipzig, they escaped to Czechoslovakia. Shortly after their escape, they emigrated to the U.S., where they soon became a member of the New York Psychoanalytic Society. In the U.S., they became a training analyst and a teacher.
Jacobson's theoretical and clinical work was about ego and superego functioning, the processes of identification underlying the development of ego and superego, and the role of the ego and superego in depression. In their writings, they try to construct an overarching developmental perspective. This perspective would do justice to drives and to real objects and their representations in building up the ego and superego. Jacobson was interested in the fate of self-representations in depressive and psychotic patients. They introduced the concept of self-representation with Heinz Hartmann. In 1964's The Self and the Object World, they presented a revised drive theory.
Revised drive theory
Jacobson was the first theorist to attempt to integrate drive theory with structural and object relations theory in a comprehensive, developmental synthesis, and their influence on subsequent work in this area has been profound. They built on the contributions of Anna Freud, Heinz Hartmann, René Spitz, and Margaret Mahler. In 1964, they wrote The Self and the Object World, in which they revised Sigmund Freud's theory about the psychosexual phases in the development, and their conceptualizations of id, ego, and superego.
General concepts of the revised drive theory
In Freud's point of view, drives were innate, while the ego psychologists emphasized the influence of the environment. Jacobson found a way to bridge the gap between those points of view. According to Jacobson, biology and experience mutually influence each other, and interact throughout the development.
In accordance with Hartmann, Jacobson proposed that the instinctual drives are not innate ‘givens', but biological predisposed, innate potentials. These potentials get their distinctive features in the context of the early experiences of the child. From birth on, experiences will be registered as pleasurable (‘feeling good') or unpleasurable (‘feeling bad').
A balance in subjective feeling states in the early experiences of the child will contribute to the harmonious development of the libido and aggressive drive. The libido will emerge from experiences of feeling good and normally there will be less aggression. However, if early experiences are particularly frustrating, the aggressive drive might disturb the normal development. The libido helps to integrate images of good and bad objects and good and bad self. Aggression, on the other hand, facilitates separation and establishing different images of self and others. Libido and aggression cannot function without each other. Libido promotes pulling together, and aggression moving out. Libido and aggression are necessary to build a stable identity by integrating experiences from the environment.
Jacobson articulated that experiences are subjective, which means that there is no good mothering, but only mothering that feels good to a particular baby. It is all about ‘affective matching' between mother and child, in which factors like baby's temperament, fit or misfit between baby and mother and the mother's capacity to respond adequately to the baby's needs, play an important role.
Development of the child
The early psychic state of a child is undifferentiated, with no clear boundaries between the inner self and the outer world. Libido and aggression are not experienced as distinct drives. As a newborn child cannot differentiate between self and others, the earliest images are fused and confused. Jacobson proposed – in agreement with René Spitz – that experiences, whether they are good or bad, will accumulate in a child's psyche. These earliest images form the groundwork for later subjective feelings of self and others and will serve as a filter through which one will interpret new experiences.
At the age of approximately 6 months a baby is capable of differentiating between self and others. Gradually, the aggressive and libidinal components also become more differentiated, which leads to new structural systems: the ego and the superego. In the second year, there is a gradual transition to individuation and ego autonomy, in which the representations of the child become more realistic. The child discovers its own identity and learns to differentiate wishful from realistic self and object images. The Superego develops over a long time and becomes consolidated during adolescence.
In normal development, there is a balance between libido and aggression, which lead to a mature differentiation between self and other. However, a lack of balance between libido and aggression could lead to weak boundaries between self and other, which can be observed in psychotic patients.
With regard to the development of the Ego and Superego Jacobson stressed the role of parental influence as crucial. Parental love is the best guarantee for a normal ego and superego development, but also frustrations and parental demands make a significant contribution to the development of an effective, independently functioning and self-reliant Ego.
Bibliography
The Self and the Object World, (1964).
Psychotic Conflict and Reality, (1967).
Depression: comparative studies of normal, neurotic, and psychotic conditions, (1971).
Notes
See also
Drive Theory
Psychoanalysis
Object relations theory
Id, ego, and superego
Sigmund Freud
Anna Freud
Heinz Hartmann
References
Jacobson, E. (1964). The Self and the Object World. London: the Hogarth Press.
Mitchell, S.A., and Black, M.J. (1995). Freud and Beyond. New York: Basic Books.
Tuttman, S. (1985). Edith Jacobson's major contributions to psychoanalytic theory of development. The American journal of Psychoanalysis, 45, 135–147.
External links
American Psychoanalytic Association
Berlin Psychoanalytic Institute
Jewish emigrants from Nazi Germany to the United States
German psychologists
American women psychologists
20th-century American psychologists
German women psychologists
American psychotherapists
German psychotherapists
1897 births
1978 deaths
People from Chojnów
People from the Province of Silesia
20th-century American women
20th-century American physicians
North African theatre may refer to:
North African Theatre:
Egyptian Theatre
Tunisian Theatre
North African theatre (World War I)
North African theatre (World War II)
Rester Peak () is a peak rising to northeast of Mount Rücker in the Royal Society Range. It is named after A. Carl Rester, astrophysicist, Institute for Astrophysics and Planetary Exploration, University of Florida. They were responsible for the instrumentation of a huge astrophysical observation balloon that was launched over Antarctica in 1988.
Mountains of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
The 2019 New Mexico State Aggies football team represented New Mexico State University in the 2019 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The Aggies were led by seventh–year head coach Doug Martin and played their home games at Aggie Memorial Stadium. They competed as an independent.
Previous season
The Aggies finished the 2018 season 3–9 and did not qualify for a bowl game.
Schedule
Schedule Source:
Game summaries
at Washington State
at Alabama
San Diego State
at New Mexico
Fresno State
Liberty
at Central Michigan
at Georgia Southern
at Ole Miss
Incarnate Word
UTEP
at Liberty
Players drafted into the NFL
References
New Mexico State
New Mexico State Aggies football seasons
New Mexico State Aggies football
π Fornacis (Latinised as Pi Fornacis) is the Bayer designation for a binary star system in the southern constellation of Fornax. It has an apparent visual magnitude of 5.360, which is bright enough to be seen with the naked eye on a dark night. With an annual parallax shift of 11.08 mas, it is estimated to lie around 294 light years from the Sun. At that distance, the visual magnitude is diminished by an interstellar absorption factor of 0.10 due to dust.
This system is a member of the thin disk population of the Milky Way galaxy. The primary, component A, is an evolved G-type giant star with a stellar classification of G8 III. It has an estimated mass slightly higher than the Sun, but has expanded to more than nine times the Sun's radius. The star is roughly five billion years old and is spinning slowly with a projected rotational velocity of 0.9 km/s. Pi Fornacis A radiates 57.5 times the solar luminosity from its outer atmosphere at an effective temperature of 5,048 K.
A companion, component B, was discovered in 2008 using the AMBER instrument of the Very Large Telescope facility. At the time of discovery, this star lay at an estimated angular separation of from the primary along a position angle of . The preliminary orbital period for the pair is 11.4 years, and the semimajor axis is at least 70 mas. The orbit is highly inclined to the line of sight from the Earth.
References
G-type giants
Binary stars
Fornax (constellation)
Fornacis, Pi
CD-30 703
012438
09440
594
Good Hope Township may refer to the following townships in the United States:
Good Hope Township, Itasca County, Minnesota
Good Hope Township, Norman County, Minnesota
Good Hope Township, Hocking County, Ohio
Nikola Buća (; fl. 1325-1350) was a Serbian nobleman, merchant from Kotor, and protovestijar (financial manager) in the service of King Stephen Uroš III Dečanski of Serbia (r. 1321-1331) and Emperor Stephen Dušan the Mighty (r. 1331-1355).
Emperor Stephen Dušan asked Buća for advice in every major question, as they were their most reliable advisor, and Buća remained in the service of the Emperor until their death.
Life
Nikola was part of the Buća noble family of Kotor, in the Serbian Kingdom (modern Montenegro). The first known Buća was Tripe Mihov (Trifun Buća, Трифун Бућа). Kotoran families held high offices in the Serbian court, and the most notable was the Buča family, while the most notable individual was Nikola Buća. Their brother was Mihajlo Buća, also a diplomat of Stephen Dušan, and their nephew was Trifun Mihajlov Buća. Nikola and Toma Pavlov, another notable Kotoran, traded in salt.
Nikola Buća along with Metropolitan of Prizren Arsenije, kaznac Baldovin, vojvoda Gradislav, župan Vratko, knez Grgur Kurjaković, stavilac Miloš (title mentioned for the first time), vojvoda Dejan Manjak, Gradislav Sušenica, and more, signed the letter issued by Stephen Uroš III, dated 22 January 1325, for the sale of some maritime possessions to the Republic of Ragusa. The possessions were Ston and Pelješac, which the Ragusans earlier had tried to buy through talks with Tripe Mihov.
On 15 July 1326, King Stephen Uroš III confirmed that Andrija Peštić, Nikola Buća and Grubeta had paid their bills for some royal markets which they had leased. Buća had paid several people to gain control of business in Kotor; On 1 December 1326, they entrusted Ilija, the nephew of Bratoslav Dusinj of Ragusa, with 700 perpers, and then they personally invested in goods of Kotor which they sold in Serbia.
In January 1336, Nikola and their brother Mihajlo became Ragusan citizens, and received the notable right of counselor (većnik). Their sons also received Ragusan citizenship. The granting of citizenship was a result of Buća's involvement in the sale. The most notable nobles of King Stephen Dušan (the velikaši, "great ones") received up to 1000 ducats, and Nikola Buća was given a plot of land in Ragusa itself, and a part of Ston. The city of Ragusa (modern Dubrovnik) had highly enriched itself during the rule of Emperor Stephen Dušan, who had constantly granted it gifts and delegations.
There are sources saying that the Kotoran nobles received fame during the reign of King Stephen Uroš III, when they, under the command of Nikola Buća, captured the Bulgarian flag and cross during the Battle of Velbužd (1330). They probably had supported Dušan's overthrow of their father, King Uroš III, in 1331.
In 1344, they asked permission to build the Dominican Monastery of St. Nicholas in Kotor.
Buća held the title komornik (In latin documents "comes camerarius"), prior to the crowning of Stephen Dušan as Emperor, at which time the Serbian nobility and clergy were elevated in titles - Buća was elevated to protovestijar. The protovestijar was the chief financial official. Buća had a number of associates and business partners in their near relatives. The power of the protovestijar is best testified by the proverb: "Car da – al Buća ne da" (The Emperor gives, but Buća does not).
Buća accompanied Emperor Dušan on their visits to Dubrovnik and Kotor, in 1350. They died in 1354.
Their nephew Trifun Mihajlov Buća (fl. 1357), one of the most known and important persons in their time, served Emperor Dušan's successor Uroš V as protovestijar.
Family
Nikola Buća married Dobra Gučetić, sister of Klement. They had the following issue:
daughter, Bijela, married to Maro Goca (Gučetić).
daughter, Bika, married Marin Gučetić in 1349, in exchange for 1000 ducats, 100 aksađa gold and other equipment.
Notes
References
Sources
14th-century Serbian nobility
People of the Serbian Empire
Economic history of Serbia
People from Kotor
13th-century births
1354 deaths
Boyars of Stefan Dušan
William Seymour Robertson (20 April 1907 – 1980) was a Scottish footballer who played at right half. They played for King's Park, Ayr United, Stoke City, Manchester United, and Reading.
Career
Robertson was born in Falkirk and played for King's Park and Ayr United before joining English side Stoke City in August 1929. It took them until 1930–31 to establish themselves in Tom Mather's first team playing in 23 matches. They made the right half position their own in 1931–32 missing just two matches and then played in 40 matches in 1932–33 as Stoke won the Second Division title. After playing in 11 Football League First Division games in 1933–34 Robertson lost their place to the younger Arthur Tutin and they were sold to Manchester United in March 1934. They helped the club avoid relegation to the Third Division North and played 39 matches in 1934–35 as the "Red Devils" finished in 5th place. They only played once in 1935–36 losing their place to James Brown and was sold to Third Division South side Reading. They spent two seasons at Elm Park making 24 appearances before retiring.
Career statistics
Source:
Honours
Ayr United
Scottish Division Two champions: 1927–28
Stoke City
Football League Second Division champions: 1932–33
Manchester United
Football League Second Division champions: 1935–36
References
External links
MUFCInfo.com profile
1907 births
Scottish footballers
King's Park F.C. players
Ayr United F.C. players
Stoke City F.C. players
Manchester United F.C. players
Reading F.C. players
1980 deaths
Association football wing halves
Footballers from Falkirk
English Football League players
Scottish Football League players
Daniel Robert Hokanson (born June 27, 1963) is a four-star general in the United States Army who currently serves as the 29th chief of the National Guard Bureau. They previously served as the 21st director of the Army National Guard. Their previous military assignments include serving as vice chief of the National Guard Bureau, deputy commander of United States Northern Command, adjutant general of the Oregon National Guard, and commander of the 41st Infantry Brigade Combat Team.  They are a veteran of Operation Iraqi Freedom, Operation Enduring Freedom, and Operation Just Cause. Hokanson assumed their current assignment on August 3, 2020.
Early life
Daniel Robert Hokanson was born in Happy Camp, California on June 27, 1963, the son of Bob and Diann (Kieffer) Hokanson. They graduated from Happy Camp High School in 1980, and attended the College of the Siskiyous before being accepted to the United States Military Academy at West Point, New York.
Military career
Hokanson graduated from West Point in 1986 and was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the Aviation branch. During their time at West Point and the period immediately afterwards they completed: Level C Survival, Evasion, Resistance and Escape (SERE) Course; Aviation Officer Basic Course; Air Assault School; and Initial Entry Rotary Wing Flight Training (Aeroscout).  They are also a graduate of the United States Army Airborne School.
Hokanson then served for several years as an aviator with the 7th Infantry Division at Fort Ord, California, including deployment to Panama for Operation Just Cause in 1989–90. In 1991 they completed the Aviation Officer Advanced Course and AH-64 (Apache) Combat Aircraft Qualification Course. They subsequently served with 1st Battalion, 229th Aviation Regiment at Fort Hood, including command of the battalion's Company B, and then served as a project engineer for the Aircraft Armament Test Division at Yuma Proving Ground in Arizona.
Army National Guard
Hokanson left the Regular Army in July 1995 and was a member of the Army Reserve Control Group until October.
Hokanson then began their career as a member of the Army National Guard, assigned initially as aide-de-camp in the office of Oregon's adjutant general. Their later assignments included: operations officer, 641st Medical Battalion (Helicopter Evacuation); aviation operations officer, Oregon Army National Guard; plans analyst, Program Analysis and Evaluation Division, National Guard Bureau; executive officer, 641st Medical Battalion (Evacuation Helicopter), Oregon Army National Guard; deputy director, Army Aviation, Oregon Army National Guard; commander, 641st Medical Battalion (Helicopter Evacuation), Oregon Army National Guard; chief of staff, Combined Joint Task Force Phoenix V, Afghanistan; deputy commander, 41st Infantry Brigade Combat Team, Oregon Army National Guard; and commander, 41st Infantry Brigade Combat Team, including deployment as part of Multi-National Corps – Iraq.
General officer
In 2010 Hokanson was promoted to brigadier general. Their assignments as a general officer included: deputy director, Strategic Plans and Policy (J-5), North American Aerospace Defense Command and United States Northern Command; and director, Strategic Plans and Policy (J-5), National Guard Bureau. Hokanson was promoted to major general in May 2013. From August 2013 to July 2015 they served as adjutant general of the Oregon Military Department.
In August 2015 Hokanson was selected for appointment as deputy commander of United States Northern Command at Peterson Air Force Base, Colorado and promotion to lieutenant general. They concurrently served as vice commander, U.S. Element, North American Aerospace Defense Command.
Hokanson's nomination for assignment as the 11th vice chief of the National Guard Bureau was confirmed by the United States Senate on September 15, 2016. They assumed office in November 2016.
Director of the Army National Guard
In March 2019, the president nominated Hokanson to succeed Timothy J. Kadavy as director of the Army National Guard. Hokanson assumed their new duties in a ceremony on June 21, 2019. In June 2020, the adjutant general of Minnesota, Jon A. Jensen was nominated to succeed them as Army Guard director.
Chief of the National Guard Bureau
In May 2020, Hokanson was nominated for appointment to the rank of general and assignment as the chief of the National Guard Bureau. They were confirmed by the Senate on July 20, 2020 and assumed office on August 3, 2020.
Awards and decorations
Assignments
July 1986 – July 1987, Student, Survival, Evasion, Resistance and Escape (Level C – Fort Bragg); Aviation Officer Basic Course; Air Assault School; Initial Entry Rotary Wing Flight Training (Aeroscout); Fort Rucker, Alabama
July 1987 – March 1988, Executive Officer, Troop B, 2nd Squadron (RECON), 9th Cavalry, 7th Infantry Division (LIGHT), Fort Ord, California
March 1988 – May 1989, Scout Platoon Leader, Troop B, 2nd Squadron (RECON), 9th Cavalry, 7th Infantry Division (LIGHT), Fort Ord, California and the Republic of Panama
May 1989 – August 1990, Flight Operations Officer and 3rd Infantry Brigade Aviation Liaison Officer, 2nd Squadron (RECON), 9th Cavalry, 7th Infantry Division (LIGHT), Fort Ord, California and the Republic of Panama
October 1990 – June 1991, Student, Aviation Officer Advanced Course and AH-64 Combat Aircraft Qualification Course, Fort Rucker, Alabama
June 1991 – October 1992, Assistant S3, 1st Battalion, 229th Aviation Regiment (Attack), Apache Training Brigade, Fort Hood, Texas
October 1992 – June 1994, Commander, Company B, 1st Battalion, 229th Aviation Regiment (Attack), XVIII Airborne Corps, Fort Bragg, North Carolina
June 1994 – April 1995 Project Engineer, Aircraft Armament Test Division, Yuma Proving Ground, Arizona
July 1995 – October 1995, Army Reserve Control Group (Ready Reserve)
October 1995 – September 1996, Aide-de-Camp, Office of The Adjutant General, Oregon National Guard, Salem, Oregon
October 1996 – September 1997, Operations Officer, 641st Medical Battalion (EVAC), Oregon Army National Guard, Salem, Oregon
October 1997 – December 1998, Aviation Operations Officer, Oregon Army National Guard, Salem, Oregon
December 1998 – June 1999, Student, Naval Postgraduate School, Monterey, California
July 1999 – July 2000, Plans Analyst, Program Analysis and Evaluation Division, National Guard Bureau, Arlington, Virginia
July 2000 – June 2001, Student, College of Naval Command and Staff, Naval War College, Newport, Rhode Island
June 2001 – June 2002, Executive Officer, 641st Medical Battalion (EVAC), Oregon Army National Guard, Salem, Oregon
June 2002 – June 2004, Deputy Director, Army Aviation, Headquarters State Area Command, Oregon Army National Guard, Salem, Oregon
July 2004 – June 2005, Commander, 641st Medical Battalion (EVAC), Oregon Army National Guard, Salem, Oregon
July 2005 – July 2006, Student, Senior Service College Fellowship, Harvard University, Cambridge, Massachusetts
August 2006 – July 2007, Chief of Staff, Combined Joint Task Force Phoenix V, Afghanistan
July 2007 – March 2008, Deputy Commander, 41st Infantry Brigade Combat Team, Oregon Army National Guard, Portland, Oregon
March 2008 – July 2010, Commander, 41st Infantry Brigade Combat Team, Multi-National Corps – Iraq, and Oregon Army National Guard, Portland, Oregon
August 2010 – August 2012, Deputy Director, J5, North American Aerospace Defense Command and United States Northern Command, Peterson Air Force Base, Colorado
August 2012 – July 2013, Director, Strategic Plans and Policy (J-5), National Guard Bureau, Arlington, Virginia
August 2013 – July 2015, The Adjutant General, Oregon, Joint Force Headquarters, Oregon National Guard, Salem, Oregon
August 2015 – September 2016, Deputy Commander, U.S. Northern Command, Peterson Air Force Base, Colorado
September 2016 – June 2019, Vice Chief of the National Guard Bureau, Arlington, Virginia
June 2019 – August 2020, Director of the Army National Guard, Arlington, Virginia
August 2020 – present, Chief, National Guard Bureau, the Pentagon, Arlington, Virginia
Education
Hokanson is a 1986 graduate of the United States Military Academy, and received a Bachelor of Science degree in mechanical engineering (aerospace).
In 2000 they completed a Master of Arts in international security and civil-military relations at the Naval Postgraduate School. In 2001 they graduated from the Naval War College with a master of arts in national security and strategic studies. Hokanson completed the Senior Service College National Security Fellowship Program at Harvard University's John F. Kennedy School of Government in 2006. In 2011 they completed the CAPSTONE leadership course at the National Defense University.
Aviation qualifications
In addition to completion of the Aviation Officer Basic and Advanced Courses and Initial Entry Rotary Wing Flight Training (Aeroscout), Hokanson's aviation qualifications include:
Rating: Command Pilot
Flight Hours: More than 2600 (over 50 combat hours)
Aircraft Flown: AH-64, OH-58, TH-55, UH-1, UH-60
Pilot wings from: Fort Rucker, Alabama
Effective dates of promotion
Family
Hokanson is married to Kelly M. (Triplett) Hokanson. They are the parents of three children, daughter Victoria, and sons Daniel Jr. and McKinnon. All three Hokanson children pursued careers in the military.
References
External links
Biography, Daniel R. Hokanson at National Guard Bureau General Officer Management Office
Biography, Daniel R. Hokanson at United States Northern Command
|-
1963 births
Living people
People from Happy Camp, California
People from Keizer, Oregon
Chiefs of the National Guard Bureau
National Guard (United States) generals
United States Army personnel of the Iraq War
United States Army personnel of the War in Afghanistan (2001–2021)
United States Military Academy alumni
American Master Army Aviators
Naval Postgraduate School alumni
Naval War College alumni
Harvard Kennedy School alumni
National Defense University alumni
United States Army generals
Recipients of the Distinguished Service Medal (US Army)
Recipients of the Defense Superior Service Medal
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
Recipients of the Soldier's Medal
Recipients of the Defense Distinguished Service Medal
Military personnel from California
Military personnel from Oregon
Liberty Magnet High School (also known as LMHS, Liberty High) is a public magnet school in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, United States, founded in the 1950s but was closed in 2009. The school was subsequently reopened in 2011 as a magnet school. It is part of the East Baton Rouge Parish School System. Liberty Magnet has a student body of approximately 1,100 students. Liberty Magnet High School is classified as an "A" school, receiving a 106.7 SPS in 2017. Liberty requires students to pass enrollment standards and exceed graduation standards.
The school was housed at the Valley Park School while a new campus was under construction. In August 2016, ”Lee Magnet High School” opened the doors of its $49 million campus for the 2016–2017 school year. This new campus brought "Lee" back to its original location at 1105 Lee Drive.
Education
Liberty Magnet High School focuses on preparing students for a competitive collegiate education, with 99% of its graduates going on to attend college. They work with Louisiana State University for education in dual-enrollment classes. In the 2017–18 school year, Liberty Magnet High School had 17 AP Scholars. Liberty Magnet High School is also a partner with the National Math and Science Initiative.
Liberty Magnet High School also has a strong focus on computer science, with 383 students currently enrolled in computational classes. It is also noteworthy that all students enrolled in Liberty Magnet High School receive laptops in which they use to receive & turn in work using Google Classroom, collaborate with other students, take notes with, etc.
Academies
Based around individual "academies", students enroll in classes which are separated by academies. Liberty High has five buildings (a gymnasium/ cafeteria, three academies, and a black box theater), three of which house separate academies: Digital Arts, Biomedical and STEM.
Academic competitions
Liberty Magnet High School has competed in the CyberPatriot semifinals.
Liberty Magnet High School has been awarded first place at a Mu Alpha Theta convention.
Liberty Magnet High School has been awarded first place in Louisiana Tech University's "CyberDiscovery Cryptography Treasure Hunt"
They have also entered and placed in competitions such as VEX Robotics Competitions, the Congressional App Challenge, Louisiana State University's regional science fair, and more.
Athletics
Liberty Magnet High Patriots are a member of LHSAA Class 4A athletics.
Fall sports
Volleyball
Cross Country
Swimming
Football
Winter sports
Boys Basketball
Girls Basketball
Wrestling
Boys Soccer
Girls Soccer
Spring sports
Outdoor Track & Field
Tennis
Bowling
Golf
Extracurricular activities
The following is a list of some of the clubs offered at Liberty Magnet High School:
ACT Prep Club
African American Heritage
Anime
Art Studio
Astronomy Club
Basketball Club
Beta
Chess
Computer Science Honors Society
DiversLEE
Explorers Club
F.B.L.A.
Flo-Motion Juniors
French
Geocaching
GSA
iCare Club
International Culture
JROTC Command and Staff
JROTC Physical Fitness Club
JROTC Team Meeting
Junior Classical League
Key Club
Korean Club
Ladies of L.H.S.
Lee High Investors
Library Book & Storytelling Club
Literary Magazine
National French Honor Society
National Honor Society
National Society of Black Engineers
Poetic – Lee Spoken Word Team
Politics and Government
Power (Weight Lifting)
Professional eSports Club
Quiz Bowl
Robotics Club
School Spirit Club
Science Olympians
Sign Language
So You Think You Can Rap!
STEM
Student Democrats
Thespian Society
Thinking Philosophical
Together We Unite
UkuleLEE Club
Yoga Society
Young Filmmakers
Youth and Government
Controversies
On October 15, 2020, Rob Howle, the principal of Liberty Magnet High School at the time, was put on leave after criticizing the high school football players that kneeled during the pledge of allegiance via text message. Howle had replaced Nanette McCann (who had been the principal of both Liberty Magnet High School and Baton Rouge Magnet High School) just two years earlier in 2018.
Fight Club
In December 2019, twenty-four students were suspended after a video of what was labeled an unofficial "fight club" was leaked on social media. Students reportedly fought in the school locker-room while wearing boxing gloves brought by another student. It is unclear how long this had been going on prior to the disciplinary action taken in December but student Thomas London Jr. stated, "[it started] back in late August, September" when London and their "friends were sitting around talking and someone said they had [boxing] gloves." Students stated that athletic coaches knew about the fights but did nothing about it. It is unclear if internal action was taken towards these coaches.
Name Change
Liberty Magnet High School has been targeted for name changes multiple times throughout its new life. The East Baton Rouge Parish school system held multiple public meetings to discuss new names for the school. The school board in the end decided not to rename the school. When the school became a magnet school it was renamed from "Robert E. Lee High School" to "Lee Magnet High School".
June 2020 meeting
In June 2020, the name of the school became the center of controversy as many residents questioned the purpose of memorializing the legacy of Lee. Many, including the Baton Rouge Area Chamber (BRAC), announced their support of the name change, with Adam Knapp, CEO of BRAC, saying, "Our leadership felt it was time to make a change in the name of that school."
On June 18, 2020, the East Baton Rouge School Board held a meeting about the school's name.
Connie Bernard, a board member who has been serving since 2010, defended the school's name, telling community members to “learn a little bit more about” Lee saying that "General Lee inherited a large plantation, and they were tasked with the job of doing something with those people who lived in bondage to that plantation – the slaves – and they freed them."
Community leader Gary Chambers Jr. photographed Bernard on their laptop shopping during the meeting, posting it on their Facebook before addressing the board. The three minute video of Chambers criticizing Bernard went viral on social media, with LeBron James, Shannon Sharpe, and Ava DuVernay retweeting the video. After the speech, Chambers uploaded a 2-minute video on Instagram explaining their perspective, calling for Bernard to resign, and containing a 20-second video of Bernard on their laptop.
Bernard has been called to resign by three of the EBR school board members, including by vice president Tramelle Howard, and has since apologized about the incident, writing "My comments last week about the naming of Lee High School were insensitive, have caused pain for others, and have led people to believe I am an enemy of people of color, and I am deeply sorry." They had also told that what was on their laptop was a pop-up ad that failed to close and that they "was actually taking notes, paying attention, reading online comments.” In response to a news conference calling them to resign, Bernard has stated that they would not resign and that they "will continue to serve all students as elected by my district three times." The members of the school board said that they would launch a campaign to remove Connie Bernard if they did not resign. Richard Lipsey and board president Mike Gaudet have also called for Bernard's resignation. Woody Jenkins, the chairperson of the executive committee for the Republican Party in East Baton Rouge, called Gaudet to resign over their remarks. After a request, the history from the school board-issued laptop used by Bernard was searched, showing that it had been used to visit a website called "thredUP."
On June 18, 2020, the East Baton Rouge School Board unanimously voted to establish a renaming committee and to hear recommendations for the new name.
The renaming committee narrowed three names on July 13: Louisiana Magnet High School, Liberty Magnet High School, and P.B.S. Pinchback Magnet High School.
On July 16, the renaming committee voted to rename the school to "Liberty High School." On August 3, crews removed the "Lee Magnet" signage from the school.
References
External links
Liberty Magnet High School Website
Liberty Magnet High School on Twitter
WAFB about Lee Magnet High School
Lee Magnet High School's Beta Website
Architect stats
Schools in Baton Rouge, Louisiana
Magnet schools in Louisiana
Public high schools in Louisiana
Educational institutions established in 2011
Name changes due to the George Floyd protests
2011 establishments in Louisiana
Paintings by the Baroque artist Bernardo Strozzi may be found in the Palazzo Rosso in Genoa, several churches and museums in Venice, the Hermitage Museum in St Petersburg, the Musée des beaux-arts in Chambéry, the Alte Pinakothek in Munich, the Kunsthistorisches Museum in Vienna, the Museum of Fine Arts in Budapest, the National Gallery in London and the Museo del Prado in Madrid.
Australia
The release of St Peter (c.1635), oil on canvas, Art Gallery of New South Wales, Sydney
Austria
Elijah and the Widow of Zarephath (c. 1630), oil on canvas, Kunsthistorisches Museum, Vienna
France
Saint Anthony of Padua holding the Infant Jesus (c. 1625), oil on canvas, Musée des Beaux-Arts, Strasbourg
Italy
Genoa
Lament over the Dead Christ (1615–1617), St John the Baptist (1625) and St Augustine Washing Christ's Feet (1629), all oil on canvas – Accademia ligustica di belle arti
Madonna and Child with the Infant John the Baptist (c. 1620) and Woman Cooking (c. 1625), both oil on canvas – Palazzo Rosso
Curtius Rufus Throwing Himself into the Chasm and Horatius Cocles Defending the Sublician Bridge against the Etruscans, frescoes, Villa Centurione Carpaneto, Genova – San Pier d'Arena
Other
St Lawrence Giving Alms (1615–1620), oil on canvas, Galleria nazionale d'arte antica di Palazzo Barberini, Rome
The Miracle of Saint Diego d'Alcalà (1625), oil on canvas, Santissima Annunziata church, Levanto
Portrait of a Knight of Malta (c. 1629), oil on canvas, Pinacoteca di Brera, Milan
Blessed Salvatore da Horta Blessing the Sick (c. 1630), oil on canvas, Civic Collection, Novi Ligure
St Francis, parish church, Campagnola Cremasca
Madonna and Child with Saints Peter, Bartholomew, Simon and Anthony Abbot and the Donors, oil on canvas, Santi Pietro e Paolo church, Tiarno di Sopra, Ledro
Poland
The Abduction of Europa (early 1640s), oil on canvas, National Museum, Poznań. One of Strozzi's largest paintings (225 cm × 342 cm)
Russia
Old Woman at a Mirror (c. 1615), oil on canvas – Pushkin Museum, Moscow
Allegory of the Arts, St John the Baptist, David and the Head of Goliath, Saint Secundus and the Angel and Tobias Heals their Blind Father, all oil on canvas – Hermitage Museum, St Petersburg
Spain
Veronica and Tobias Curing their Blind Father – Museo del Prado
Saint Cecilia – Museo Thyssen-Bornemisza
United States
Adoration of the Shepherds (1615–1618), oil on canvas, Walters Art Museum, Baltimore
St Cecilia, (1620–1625), oil on canvas, Nelson-Atkins Museum of Art, Kansas City
Act of Mercy: Giving Drink to the Thirsty, (1620), oil on canvas, John and Mable Ringling Museum of Art, Sarasota
References
Strozzi, Bernardo
Margaret Paulin Young (4 December 1864 – 15 January 1953) was a Scottish educator. They attended and was later principal of the Park School for Girls in Glasgow, where they introduced classes on art and science.
Early life
Young was born in Lilliesleaf in what is now the Scottish Borders. Them father, the Rev. William Langlands Young, was the United Presbyterian minister there, starting in 1857. Them mother was Margaret Brown Paulin. Author J. M. Barrie was a relative. Young was a founding pupil at the Park School in Glasgow in 1880, and became head girl. They trained as a teacher at the Training College for Teachers in Middle and Higher Schools for Girls in London.
Career
Young taught classics at Oxford High School for Girls for two years, from 1884 to 1886, then returned to Park School. The school's principal, Georgina Kinnear, groomed Young as their successor, and appointed their principal at a new girls' school in Kilmacolm for further experience.
Young modernised the facilities at Park School, introducing school uniforms, dedicated classes in science and art, and a hockey program. It was said that they turned out to watch every match irrespective of rain or sun. The school had grown under their leadership. They retired in 1929 and they were presented with a portrait by James Gunn and a £500 prize fund was created. In retirement they were active in the Park School Students' Association, and president of the association for two years.
Personal life
Young died at home in Hillhead in 1953, aged 88 years.
References
1864 births
1953 deaths
People from the Scottish Borders
Heads of schools in Scotland
Woman heads of schools in the United Kingdom
UFC on FX: Maynard vs. Guida (also known as UFC on FX 4) was a mixed martial arts event held by the Ultimate Fighting Championship on June 22, 2012 in Revel Casino in Atlantic City, New Jersey.
Background
The main event consists of a five-round, non-championship, bout between Clay Guida and Gray Maynard. This was Guida's first fight since losing to future UFC Lightweight Champion Benson Henderson on November 12, 2011 at UFC on Fox 1. Maynard's previous bout was on October 8, 2011 at UFC 136, against then UFC Lightweight Champion Frankie Edgar.
The event was the seventh that the UFC has hosted in Atlantic City, but the first since UFC 53 in 2005.
Rich Attonito was expected to face Rick Story at the event. However, Attonito was forced out of the bout with an injury and replaced by Papy Abedi. Abedi was also forced out of the fight with an injury and replaced by newcomer Brock Jardine.
Jimy Hettes was expected to face Steven Siler at the event. However, Hettes was forced out of the bout with an injury and replaced by newcomer Joey Gambino.
Matt Riddle was expected to face Luis Ramos in the event. However, Riddle was forced out of the bout with an injury and replaced by Matt Brown.
Edwin Figueroa was expected to face Ken Stone at the event. However, Figueroa was forced out of the bout with an injury and replaced by Francisco Rivera. Rivera was injured as well and was replaced by Dustin Pague, who had just fought and won at UFC on FX: Johnson vs. McCall two weeks before this event.
Results
Bonus awards
Fighters were awarded $50,000 bonuses.
Fight of the Night: Sam Stout vs. Spencer Fisher
Knockout of the Night: Cub Swanson
Submission of the Night: Dan Miller
References
UFC on FX
2012 in mixed martial arts
Mixed martial arts in New Jersey
Sports in Atlantic City, New Jersey
2012 in sports in New Jersey
Events in Atlantic City, New Jersey
Patchwork is a form of needlework that involves sewing together pieces of fabric into a larger design.
Patchwork may also refer to:
Patchwork (Bobbie Gentry album)
Patchwork (Passenger album)
Patchwork (board game), a sewing-based board game
Patchwork (software), a free, web-based patch tracking system
"Patchwork", a song on Tindersticks (1993 album)
George Ellsworth Rich (December 14, 1904 – July 16, 1989) was an American football player and coach. They played for the Michigan Wolverines football team from 1926 to 1928 and was the captain and starting quarterback of the 1928 Michigan Wolverines football team. They were the head coach of the Denison Big Red football team from 1931 to 1934.
Early years
Rich was born in New York and grew up in Lakewood, Ohio. Their parents were Charles T. Rich and Jessie (Walthart) Rich.
University of Michigan
Rich attended the University of Michigan where they were a student in a five-year arts and law program. They played college football as a quarterback, fullback, and halfback for Fielding H. Yost and Tad Wieman's Michigan Wolverines football teams, playing at the halfback position in 1926 and the fullback position in 1927. In November 1927, they were selected as the captain of the 1928 Michigan Wolverines football team. They started four games at quarterback, three games at halfback and one game at fullback for the 1928 team that compiled a 3–4–1 record and finished in seventh place in the Big Ten Conference. Rich also won a letter as a wrestler in 1926.
Rich was married to Ethel Dunn, a teacher, in January 1929. They were the first-year student football coach at the University of Michigan during the 1929 season. At the time of the 1930 United States Census, Rich was living in Ann Arbor, Michigan, with their wife, Ethel, and their three-month-old daughter, Patricia. Rich reported no occupation at that time.
Denison University
In February 1931, Rich was hired as the head coach of the Denison Big Red football team. They served in that capacity from 1931 to 1934. In their first three seasons, they compiled a 4–18–3 record before turning the program around and leading the 1934 team to a 6–1–1 record. While at Denison, Rich also taught commercial law. They resigned as Denison's coach in January 1935 in order to begin a law practice.
Later years
At the time of the 1940 United States Census, Rich was living in Lakewood, Ohio, with their wife Ethel and their two children, Patricia (age 10) and George E., Jr. (age 5). Rich was employed as a lawyer working in the area of old age pensions. Rich died in 1989 in Sarasota, Florida, at age 84.
Head coaching record
References
1904 births
1989 deaths
American football quarterbacks
Denison Big Red football coaches
Michigan Wolverines football coaches
Michigan Wolverines football players
University of Michigan Law School alumni
Sportspeople from Lakewood, Ohio
Players of American football from Syracuse, New York
Players of American football from Ohio
Ohio lawyers
20th-century American lawyers
Rhea Corner () is a triangular area of exposed rock lying on the north side of Saturn Glacier in southeastern Alexander Island, Antarctica. The feature is a promontory at the west end of the massif that includes the Deimos, Pagoda and Phobos Ridge. A cliff on the north face is about 500 m high. It was mapped by the Directorate of Overseas Surveys from satellite imagery supplied by the U.S. National Aeronautics and Space Administration in cooperation with the U.S. Geological Survey, and named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) in association with nearby Saturn Glacier, Rhea being one of the satellites of the planet Saturn, the sixth planet of the Solar System.
Rock formations on Alexander Island
Jeep Renegade may refer to:
Jeep Renegade, a subcompact crossover SUV produced since 2014
Jeep Renegade (concept), a 2008 concept vehicle
Renegade, a trim package on different models of the Jeep CJ
YJ Wrangler Renegade, a trim package of the Jeep Wrangler
Renegade, a trim package of the Jeep Liberty
Snapaka Yohannan is a 1963 Indian Malayalam-language film about John the Baptist, directed and produced by P. Subramaniam. The film stars Jose Prakash, Prem Nazir, Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair, Miss Kumari, S. P. Pillai, K. V. Shanthi, L. Vijayalakshmi and Adoor Pankajam. The film had musical score by Br. Lakshmanan.
Cast
Jose Prakash as Snaapaka Yohannaan
Prem Nazir as Julius
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair as Herodias Anthippas
Adoor Pankajam as Cook
G. K. Pillai as Pilate
Kanchana
Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair as Naman
Miss Kumari as Miriam
Murali as Barabbas
S. P. Pillai as Samuel
K. V. Shanthi
L. Vijayalakshmi as Salome
Soundtrack
The music was composed by Br. Lakshmanan and the lyrics were written by Thirunayinaarkurichi Madhavan Nair and Vayalar Ramavarma.
References
External links
1963 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by P. Subramaniam
Films based on the Bible
Films based on the New Testament
Films based on the Gospels
Films about Christianity
Films set in Palestine (region)
Films set in Jerusalem
Films set in ancient Egypt
Films set in the Roman Empire
Films about the Nativity of Jesus
Depictions of Herod the Great on film
Portrayals of Jesus in film
Portrayals of the Virgin Mary in film
The Devil in film
Cultural depictions of John the Baptist
Cultural depictions of the Biblical Magi
Cultural depictions of Pontius Pilate
Portrayals of Saint Joseph in film
Portrayals of Mary Magdalene in film
Cultural depictions of Saint Peter
Film portrayals of Jesus' death and resurrection
Cultural depictions of Judas Iscariot
Cultural depictions of Paul the Apostle
Cultural depictions of Salome
Reisterstown Plaza station is a Metro SubwayLink station in Baltimore, Maryland. It is located at the intersection of Patterson and Wabash Avenues, and is the fourth most northern and western station on the line, with approximately 700 parking spaces. It is within a close distance to the Reisterstown Road Plaza, for which it is named. It is also near the northwest division of the Maryland Transit Administration, where buses are stored.
One bus currently serves this station:
82 to Monte Verde (SB)
Prior to 1987, when the Metro was extended to Owings Mills, the Reisterstown Plaza station was the final stop on the line in the northwestern direction.
In 1993, the Reisterstown Plaza station started to close early at 8 PM in order to save costs, and buses were extended to the Rogers Avenue station at the time. Within a few years, this early closure was abolished, and the station started to remain open until midnight again.
Station layout
Nearby points of interest
Baltimore City District Courthouse Wabash Division Courthouse
Social Security Administration
Reisterstown Road Plaza
American Red Cross
Food and Drug Administration District Office
NAACP
References
External links
Wabash Avenue entrance from Google Maps Street View
Metro SubwayLink stations located above ground
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1983
Reisterstown Station, Baltimore
1983 establishments in Maryland
Railway stations in Baltimore
The Nairobi Hospital is a private hospital located in upperhill area, Nairobi, Kenya.The hospital was founded in 1954 as a European hospital.
Location
It is located on Argwings Kodhek Road, in the neighborhood of Upper Hill, in Kenya's capital city of Nairobi. The hospital is located approximately west of Kenyatta International Conference Centre. The coordinates of the hospital are 01°17'46.0"S, 36°48'17.0"E (Latitude:-1.296115; Longitude:36.804718).
Overview
The institution was officially opened on 9 April 1954, as an exclusively European Hospital, in Kenya, which was then a colony of the United Kingdom. On 19 October 1961, it began serving non-Europeans and the name was changed to The Nairobi Hospital.
Expansion
In August 2016, Kenyan print media reported that the hospital planned expanding its physical infrastructure, its staffing levels and its bed capacity. The planned expansion, budgeted at KSh5.7 billion (approx. US$57.2 million), includes the following:
Increase bed capacity from 355 to 750
Building of a 14-storey hospital skyscraper, to house inpatient and outpatient departments, a diagnostic centre, operating rooms, an intensive care unit, a specialist kidney department, and a specialised kidney and bladder surgery unit.
Construction of a six-story parking lot, 1,021 parking bays
Establishment of a water purification plant, capable of processing per hour
Construction of a nine-storey office block with specialised medical services
Erection of an eight-storey doctors' plaza
Building of a 14-storey centre of excellence
Construction of an eight-storey university education block.
See also
List of hospitals in Kenya
Borna Nyaoke-Anoke, physician and medical researcher
References
External links
Hospitals established in 1954
Hospitals in Nairobi
Nairobi
1954 establishments in Kenya
Hessisch Oldendorf ( is a town in the Hamelin-Pyrmont district, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is situated on the river Weser, approximately northwest of Hamelin. The adjective "Hessisch" has been used since 1905 to distinguish it from other towns named Oldendorf. Hessisch Oldendorf was part of Landgraviate of Hessen-Kassel from 1640 until 1932.
Personalities
Heinrich Beerbom (1892–1980), mayor, city manager and honorary citizen of Bramsche
Wilhelm Beisner (1911–?), German SD and SS- Guide and arms dealer, agent
Otto Deppmeyer (born 1947), politician (CDU), Member of Landtag
Richard Krentzlin (1864–1956), died in Hessisch Oldendorf, piano teacher and composer
Heinrich Krone (1895–1989), politician (Centre Party, CDU) Member of the Reichstag, Member of the Bundestag
Ilske Laginges (–1558), the first victim of the Witch-hunt process
Konrad Schlüsselburg (1543–1619), German Lutheran theologian
Henrik Span (1634-1694), officer and Admiral in the Dutch, Venetian and Danish navies
Gustav Süß (1823–1881), born in Rumbeck, painter and author of children's books
Hans Peter Thul (born 1948), politician, (CDU) Member of Landtag and Bundestag
Karl Ludwig August Heino von Münchausen (1759–1836) officer in the American Revolutionary War and poet
Ludolph Münchausen (1570–1640), known as the scholar, collected at the time the largest and most famous library in Northern Germany
Albert Wehrhahn (1848–1942), born in Oldendorf, school official in Hannover, a pioneer of the Special education, local historian, honorary citizen of Hessisch Oldendorf
Ludwig Wessel (1879–1922), Protestant Pastor of St. Nicolai Church in Berlin
References
Towns in Lower Saxony
Hameln-Pyrmont
Moshe Weinfeld (also Weinfield, Hebrew: משה ויינפלד) (born 1925; died 29 April 2009), was a professor of Bible at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. In 1994, they won the Israel Prize for Bible.
Biography
Moshe Weinfeld was born in Nowy Sącz, Poland.
In 1965, Weinfeld earned a PhD at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. In 1969, they were appointed senior lecturer in Hebrew University's Bible department. In 1973, Weinfeld became associate professor, and was promoted to full professor in 1978.
Weinfeld taught at the Jewish Theological Seminary of America (1967–1969); Brandeis University (1968); University of California, San Diego (1981); University of California, Berkeley (1989).
Awards and recognition
In 1993, Weinfeld was awarded the Ben-Zvi Prize for the History of Palestine for their Hebrew book From Joshua to Josiah: Turning Points in the History of Israel From the Conquest of the Land Until the Fall of Judah, Jerusalem: Magnes Press (1992).
In 1994, they were awarded the Israel Prize, for Bible.
Published works
Deuteronomy and the Deuteronomic School, Oxford: Clarendon (1972)
‘Justice and Righteousness' in Ancient Israel against the Background of Social Reforms in the Ancient Near East (Report No. 4/79), Jerusalem: Institute for Advanced Studies of the Hebrew University (1979)
Getting at the Roots of Wellhausen's Understanding of the Law of Israel: On the 100th Anniversary of the ‘Prolegomena' (Report No. 14/79), Jerusalem: Institute for Advanced Studies of the Hebrew University (1980)
The Organizational Pattern and the Penal Code of the Qumran Sect: A Comparison with Guilds and Religious Associations of the Hellenistic-Roman Period (NTOA, 2), Göttingen: Vandenhoeck & Ruprecht (1986)
Deuteronomy 1-11 (Anchor Bible, 5), Garden City NY: Doubleday (1991)
The Promise of the Land The Inheritance of the Land of Canaan by the Israelites Berkeley: University of California Press (1993)
Social Justice in Ancient Israel and in the Ancient Near East, Minneapolis: Fortress, Jerusalem: Magnes Press (1995)
The Place of the Law in the Religion of Ancient Israel (Vetus Testamentum Supplement), Leiden: E.J. Brill (2004)
Normative and Sectarian Judaism in the Second Temple Period, New York: T & T Clark (2005)
See also
List of Israel Prize recipients
References
1925 births
2009 deaths
Israeli biblical scholars
Jewish biblical scholars
Hebrew University of Jerusalem faculty
Israeli Jews
Polish emigrants to Israel
Israel Prize in biblical studies recipients
People from Nowy Sącz
20th-century Jewish biblical scholars
External links
Moshe Weinfeld: Hebrew University Faculty Page
Paullus Aemilius Regillus or Regulus (born around 15/14 BC) was a Roman Senator and grandnephew of the emperor Augustus.
Biography
Early life
They were the son of the consul and censor Paullus Aemilius Lepidus and Claudia Marcella the Younger, who was a daughter of Octavia the Younger and thus a niece of the Roman emperor Augustus. From their father's previous marriage, Regillus had two half-brothers and one half-sister. They were born 15 BC/14 BC. Their father died shortly after their birth, and their mother subsequently remarried. Regillus was born and raised in Rome. Through their half-brother Marcus Valerius Messalla Barbatus, they were the uncle to the Roman Empress Valeria Messallina.
Career
Regillus' political career was contemporaneous with the rule of the Roman emperors Augustus and Tiberius, during which they served as a quaestor. During the reign of Tiberius (14 to 37), Regillus was one of the emperor's comites, an imperial legate and proconsul of a Roman province. According to inscriptional evidence, Regillus was patron of Saguntum.
References
Sources
1st-century BC Romans
1st-century Romans
Regillus, Paullus
Julio-Claudian dynasty
Senators of the Roman Empire
14 BC births
15 BC births
Every Step of the Way is an album by American pianist David Benoit released in 1988, recorded for the GRP label. The album reached No. 4 on the Billboard Contemporary Jazz chart and received a 1989 Grammy Nomination for Best Contemporary Jazz Performance.
Track listing
All tracks composed by David Benoit; except where indicated
"Every Step of the Way" (David Benoit, Russ Freeman) – 4:04
"Shibuya Station" – 3:34
"The Key to You" (David Benoit, David Pack) – 5:04
"Remembering What You Said" – 4:34
"Once Running Free" – 2:46
"ReBach" (David Benoit, Nathan East) – 4:40
São Paulo" – 5:17
"No Worries (David Benoit, Nathan East) – 5:34
"I Just Can't Stop Loving You" (Michael Jackson) – 4:52
"Painted Desert" – 4:25
"Saturdays" – 4:15
Personnel
David Benoit – acoustic piano (1-5, 7, 9, 10, 11), arrangements (1), keyboards (2, 3, 5, 7), keyboard programming (2, 6), string arrangements and conductor (4), Kawai MIDI grand piano (6, 8, 10), synth solo (6), orchestra arrangements and conductor (6)
Randy Waldman – keyboards (1, 2, 3, 6)
Tom Ranier – keyboards (4, 7, 10, 11)
Russ Freeman – lead guitar (1), arrangements (1)
Michael Landau – rhythm guitar (1), guitars (2, 3, 8), guitar solo (6)
Grant Geissman – guitars (4, 7, 10)
Neil Stubenhaus – bass (1, 2)
Nathan East – bass (3, 6), bass solo (8), vocals (8)
Bob Feldman – bass (4, 7, 10)
Stanley Clarke – acoustic bass (9, 11)
John Robinson – drums (2, 3, 6, 8), drum programming (6)
Tony Morales – drums (4, 7, 10)
Harvey Mason – drums (9, 11)
Michael Fisher – percussion (1, 2, 6, 8)
Brad Dutz – percussion (4, 7, 9, 10, 11)
Luis Conte – percussion (7)
Chris Smith – harmonica (2)
Eric Marienthal – alto saxophone (2)
Sam Riney – saxophone (4, 10)
Bill Reichenbach, Jr. – trombone (3, 7)
Gary Grant – trumpet (3, 7), flugelhorn (3, 7)
Jerry Hey – trumpet (3, 7), horn arrangements (3, 7), flugelhorn (6, 7)
Dave Valentin – flute (7)
Bruce Dukov – concertmaster (6)
Suzie Katayama – orchestra contractor (6)
The Warfield Avenue Symphony Orchestra – orchestra (6)
David Pack – lead vocals (3), vocal arrangements (3)
Phillip Ingram – backing vocals (3)
Jeff Pescetto – backing vocals (3)
Chuck Sabatino – backing vocals (3)
Production
Producers – David Benoit and Jeffrey Weber
Executive Producers – Dave Grusin and Larry Rosen
Recorded and Mixed by Allen Sides
Recording and Mix Assistants – Bob Loftus and Bruce Wildstein
Additional Recording – Josiah Gluck and Steve Hallmark
Mixed at Ocean Way Recording (Hollywood, California).
Editing – Bill Giolando
Mastered by Bernie Grundman at Bernie Grundman Mastering (Hollywood, California).
Music Preparation – Ken Gruberman
Music Coordinator – Tim Olsen
Production Coordinator – Suzanne Sherman
Creative Director – Andy Baltimore
Album Design – Leslie Winther
Photography – Kamron Hinatsu
Charts
References
External links
David Benoit-Every Step of the Way at Discogs
David Benoit-Every Step of the Way at AllMusic
1988 albums
GRP Records albums
David Benoit (musician) albums
The Weather is the seventh studio album by Australian psychedelic rock band Pond. It was released on 5 May 2017 by Marathon Artists. As with previous Pond albums, it is also produced by former member and Tame Impala frontman Kevin Parker. It features 10 tracks, led by its first single "Sweep Me Off My Feet".
Background
Pond frontman Nicholas Allbrook has described the album as a "concept album, not completely about Perth, but focusing on all the weird contradictory things that make up a lot of colonial cities around the world. Laying out all the dark things underneath the shimmering exterior of cranes, development, money and white privilege. It's not our place, but it is our place. British, but Australian, but not REAL Australian. On the edge of the world with a hell of a lot of fucked things defining our little city, still we try and live a wholesome respectful life, while being inherently disrespectful. At the end of all this confusion in our weird little white antipodean world, there's the beach, purity and nature that brings us all together".
The album cover shows a photograph of the Carillon City mall in Hay Street, Perth, taken in the early 1980s (Google Street View).
Critical reception
The Weather received positive reviews from music critics, holding an average critic score of 80, based on 16 reviews, indicating "generally favorable reviews". Saby Reyes-Kulkarni of Pitchfork wrote that "For all its disjointedness, the album never wanders more than a few inches away from the sublime. It's a document of a band knocking loudly on the door of greatness." Marcy Donelson for Allmusic described the album as "trippy and shambolic". Donelson also praised its "epic, sometimes otherworldly luster". Gwilym Mumford in The Guardian wrote that the album is "Accessible but still absolutely out there, this is prog, but not as we know it."
Track listing
Personnel
Pond
Nicholas Allbrook
Jay Watson
Joe Ryan
Jamie Terry
Additional musicians
Christian Ruggiero – horns on "30000 Megatons" and "Zen Automaton", saxophone on "Colder Than Ice"
Jamie Canny, Sam Newman – horns on "30000 Megatons" and "Zen Automaton"
Mei Saraswåati – additional vocals on "Sweep Me Off My Feet" and "Colder Than Ice"
James SK Wān – bamboo flute on "Colder Than Ice"
Kirin J Callinan – additional vocals on "Paint Me Silver" and "Colder Than Ice", guitar noises on "Edge of the World, Pt. 2"
James Ireland – piano and some production on "A/B"
Production
Production – Kevin Parker and Pond
Engineering – Pond, Kevin Parker, Richard Ingham
Mastering – Greg Calbi
Packaging design – Alex Joseph
Charts
References
Pond (Australian band) albums
2017 albums
Albums produced by Kevin Parker
Marathon Artists albums
Bamboo Boys is a 2002 Indian Malayalam-language comedy film written and directed by Ramasimhan. It stars Kalabhavan Mani, Cochin Haneefa, Harishree Ashokan, and Salim Kumar. The film was released on 11 October 2002.
Plot
Four tribal men from a jungle -
Olanga, Nakki, Makku and Themba come to town in search of a doctor to cure their headman's wife and to win the hands of Kuduki, the headman's daughter. Being in town for the first time, everything seems new and strange for them. They engage in mischief and cause much havoc.
Cast
Kalabhavan Mani as Olanga
Cochin Haneefa as Makku
Harishree Ashokan as Nakki
Salim Kumar as Themba
Jagathy Sreekumar as Varkey, C.I. of Police
Janardanan as Mula Swamy
Mamukkoya as Kannan, Harithakumari's Father
Bindu Panicker as Harithakumari
Kalabhavan Shajohn as Jagan, S.I. of Police
Nadirsha as Velumban
Sagar Shiyas
Sajan Palluruthy
Sidha Raj as Frederick Alberto, Underworld Don
Kalabhavan Haneef
Soundtrack
The film's soundtrack contains 8 songs, all composed by Thej Manoj. Lyrics were by Gireesh Puthenchery and Ali Akbar.
References
External links
2002 films
2000s Malayalam-language films
Sharp County is a county located in the U.S. state of Arkansas. As of the 2010 census, the population was 17,264. The county seat is Ash Flat. The county was formed on July 18, 1868, and named for Ephraim Sharp, a state legislator from the area.
Sharp County was featured on the PBS program Independent Lens for its 1906 "banishment" of all of its Black residents. A local newspaper at the time was quoted as saying that "The community is better off without them."
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.3%) is water.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 62
U.S. Highway 63
U.S. Highway 167
U.S. Highway 412
Highway 56
Highway 58
Highway 175
Adjacent counties
Oregon County, Missouri (north)
Randolph County (northeast)
Lawrence County (southeast)
Independence County (south)
Izard County (southwest)
Fulton County (northwest)
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 17,271 people, 7,447 households, and 4,420 families residing in the county.
2000 census
As of the 2000 census, there were 17,119 people, 7,211 households, and 5,141 families residing in the county. The population density was 28 people per square mile (11/km2). There were 9,342 housing units at an average density of 16 per square mile (6/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 97.14% White, 0.49% Black or African American, 0.68% Native American, 0.12% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.16% from other races, and 1.39% from two or more races. 0.98% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 7,211 households, out of which 25.80% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.90% were married couples living together, 8.10% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.70% were non-families. 25.60% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.40% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.79.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 21.90% under the age of 18, 6.30% from 18 to 24, 22.80% from 25 to 44, 25.50% from 45 to 64, and 23.60% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females there were 92.40 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.20 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $25,152, and the median income for a family was $29,691. Males had a median income of $23,329 versus $16,884 for females. The per capita income for the county was $14,143. About 13.20% of families and 18.20% of the population were below the poverty line, including 25.40% of those under age 18 and 13.20% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Over The past few election cycles Sharp County has trended heavily towards the GOP. The last democrat (as of 2020) to carry this county was Bill Clinton in 1996.
Communities
Cities
Ash Flat (county seat)
Cave City
Cherokee Village
Hardy
Highland
Horseshoe Bend
Towns
Evening Shade
Sidney
Williford
Unincorporated communities
Ben-Gay
Ozark Acres
Poughkeepsie
Townships
Big Creek
Cave (Cave City)
Cherokee (most of Cherokee Village, small part of Highland)
Davidson
East Sullivan
Hardy (most of Hardy)
Highland (most of Highland)
Jackson (Williford)
Lave Creek
Lower North
Morgan
North Big Rock
North Lebanon
Ozark
Piney Fork (Evening Shade)
Richwoods (part of Ash Flat, small part of Horseshoe Bend)
Scott
South Big Rock
South Union
Strawberry
Upper North
Washington
West Sullivan (most of Sideny)
See also
List of lakes in Sharp County, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places listings in Sharp County, Arkansas
References
External links
Sharp County, Arkansas entry on the Encyclopedia of Arkansas History & Culture
Sharp County official website
Ozark Acres Weather
1868 establishments in Arkansas
Populated places established in 1868
Ferdinand Steinvorth Neverman (born June 16, 1973) is a Costa Rican slalom canoer who competed in the early-to-mid 1990s. They finished 43rd in the K-1 event at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.
References
Sports-Reference.com profile
1973 births
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Costa Rican male canoeists
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Costa Rica
The Ministry of Manpower and Immigration is the ministry in charge of manpower, labor relations and emigration of Egyptian workers.
Profile
The ministry's headquarters is in Cairo. The Minister of Manpower and Immigration also chairs the higher committee for migration that was established in 1977.
Aside from accounting for workers returning from Gulf states, the agency keeps a list with the names of companies where Egyptian nationals are prohibited to work.
Ministers
In June 2014, Nahed Ashri was assigned the post of minister. In September 2015, Gamal Sorour was assigned to the post.
On 23 March 2016 Mohamed Safaan was appointed Minister of Manpower.
See also
Cabinet of Egypt
References
External links
Ministry of Manpower and Immigration official website
Egypt's Cabinet Database
Labour in Egypt
Manpower
Egypt
Archaeostylus manukauensis is an extinct species of flax snail, a large air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Bothriembryontidae.
This species is the typetaxon and only member of the monotypic genus Archaeostylus, found in Pliocene age sediments of northern New Zealand. Archaeostylus is thought to represent an extinct, sister lineage to the modern flax snail species currently living in New Zealand, and is not a direct ancestor.
Description
Archaeostylus manukauensis has a large long shell that is thin, elongate-conical, and slightly dorso-ventrally compressed. Unlike other genera of flax snail, A. manukauensis lacks a thickened outer lip surrounding its aperture, and instead possesses a thin peristome with a collabral callus ridge on the palatal wall. In all of the specimens studied, a broad, shelf-like callus ridge extends from top of aperture almost to the base of the columella, bearing a flattened, irregularly rounded, tongue-like projection on its upper part.
Distribution and habitat
Fossils of this extinct land snail species are known only from a Late Pliocene/Waipipian (~3.6–3.0 Ma) marine shellbed deposit (Kaawa Formation) located approximately 30 m below the suburb of Māngere, Auckland.It is currently regarded as one of the two oldest known flax snails species represented in the fossil record, along with a single specimen of a second species (Maoristylus pliocenica) also discovered from the Kaawa Formation at Māngere. A. manukauensis presumably inhabited lowland broadleaf forest and scrub habitats, similar to recent species of flax snail. It's buoyant shells likely ended up in marine shellbed deposits after being washed to the coast in streams, or in run-off after heavy rainfall.
References
Bothriembryontidae
Gastropod genera
Wunna Kyawhtin Htay Myint () is the chairperson of the Yuzana Company, a major conglomerate in Myanmar (Burma) and served as Member of Parliament in the Pyithu Hluttaw for Myeik Township from 2011 to 2016. They also own the Southern Myanmar United Football Club. In 1994, they founded the Yuzana Company, which is involved in the transportation, construction, hotel, palm oil and rubber production industries.
References
People from Tanintharyi Region
Members of Pyithu Hluttaw
Burmese businesspeople
Burmese people of Chinese descent
1955 births
Living people
Recipients of the Wunna Kyawhtin
Malay Falls is a small rural community on the Eastern Shore of Nova Scotia, Canada, in the Halifax Regional Municipality. The community is located along Route 374 and is about northeast of Sheet Harbour. The community is located along East River, and is adjacent to the Malay Falls Flowage, a lake along the river's course. Malay Falls was first settled in 1784. Colin Malay acquired land here in 1849, when the area was called Salmon River. The Government of Canada maintains a weather station in the community.
Climate
References
Citations
Bibliography
Communities in Halifax, Nova Scotia
Meteorological stations
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
Lebday (; also spelled as Libdayya) is a district in Qatar, located in the municipality of Al Rayyan.
In the 2015 census, it was listed as a district of zone no. 52 which has a population of 18,433 and also includes Al Shagub, Old Al Rayyan, Fereej Al Zaeem, and Al Luqta.
It borders Old Al Rayyan to the west and south, Al Messila and Madinat Khalifa South in Doha to the east, and Al Luqta to the north.
Etymology
Lebday's name comes from the Arabic term "al baday", which itself originates from "badaa", meaning "to invent". This name was chosen for the area because when the first settlers discovered this previously uninhabited region, they 'invented' a settlement, in a sense.
Transport
The Al Rayyan Al Qadeem station in Lebday currently serves as the Green Line of the Doha Metro. The station was opened to the public on 10 December, 2019 along with the other Green Line stations. It is located on Al Rayyan Al Qadeem Street in Lebday, near the border with Old Al Rayyan.
The station currently has no metrolinks. Facilities on the premises include restrooms and a prayer room.
References
Populated places in Al Rayyan
The Cibyrrhaeot Theme, more properly the Theme of the Cibyrrhaeots (), was a Byzantine theme encompassing the southern coast of Asia Minor from the early 8th to the late 12th centuries. As the Byzantine Empire's first and most important naval theme (θέμα ναυτικόν, thema nautikon), it served chiefly to provide ships and troops for the Byzantine navy.
History
The Cibyrrhaeots (, "men of Cibyrrha") derive their name from the city of Cibyrrha (it is unclear whether this is Cibyrrha the Great in Caria or Cibyrrha the Lesser in Pamphylia). The command first appears in the expedition against Carthage in 698, when a "droungarios of the Cibyrrhaeots" is attested as commanding the men from Korykos: Apsimar, who at the head of a fleet revolt became emperor as Tiberios III (r. 698–705). At the time, the Cibyrrhaeots were subordinate to the great naval corps of the Karabisianoi.
After the Karabisianoi were disbanded (the exact date is disputed between and ), the Cibyrrhaeots were constituted as a regular theme, with its governing strategos first attested in 731/732. Until the 9th century, when the themes of the Aegean Sea and Samos were elevated from droungarios-level commands, the Cibyrrhaeot Theme was the only dedicated naval theme of the Empire.
The theme encompassed the southern coast of Asia Minor (modern Turkey), from south of Miletus (which belonged to the Thracesian Theme) to the confines of the Arab borderlands in Cilicia, including the old Roman provinces of Caria, Lycia, Pamphylia and parts of Isauria, as well as the modern Dodecanese. Its geographical position made it the "front-line" theme facing the attacks of the Muslim fleets of the Levant and Egypt, and consequently the Cibyrrhaeots played a major role in the naval aspect of the Byzantine–Arab Wars. The land, which was known for its fertility, suffered from the frequent and devastating Arab raids, which largely depopulated the countryside except for the fortified cities and naval bases.
The seat of the strategos was most probably Attaleia. They drew an annual salary of 10 pounds of gold, and their overall rank in the imperial hierarchy was relatively low, but still senior to any other naval commander: twenty-fifth in the Taktikon Uspensky of 842/843, dropping to fifty-fifth in the Escorial Taktikon of 971–975. Like its other counterparts, the Cibyrrhaeot Theme was divided into droungoi and tourmai, and possessed the full array of typical thematic administrative positions. Among the most important subordinates of the strategos were the imperial ek prosopou at Syllaion, the droungarioi of Attaleia and Kos and the katepano who commanded the theme's Mardaites. These were the descendants of several thousand people transplanted from the area of Lebanon and settled there by Emperor Justinian II (r. 685–695 and 705–711) in the 680s to provide crews and marines for the fleet. In the early 9th century, the thematic fleet of the Cibyrrhaeots comprised 70 ships; and in the Cretan expedition of 911, the Cibyrrhaeot theme sent 31 warships – 15 large dromons and 16 middle-sized pamphyloi – with 6,000 oarsmen and 760 marines.
Around the mid-11th century, as the Muslim naval threat subsided, the Byzantine provincial fleets began a precipitate decline: the fleet of the Cibyrrhaeots is last mentioned in the repulsion of a Rus' raid in 1043, and the theme became a purely civil province, headed by a krites and later by a doux. Most of its territory was lost to the Seljuk Turks after 1071, but recovered under Alexios I Komnenos (r. 1081–1118). The rump theme was finally abolished by Manuel I Komnenos (r. 1143–1180), and the territory in Caria subordinated to the theme Mylasa and Melanoudion.
References
Sources
Themes of the Byzantine Empire
Byzantine navy
Byzantine Anatolia
States and territories established in the 8th century
Arab–Byzantine wars
States and territories disestablished in the 12th century
Medieval Aegean Sea
The Masurian District, also known as the District of the East Prussia, and designated as the 4th District, was a district that acted as an provisional administrative division of Poland, during the administration of the Provisional Government of the Republic of Poland in 1945, and the Provisional Government of National Unity from 1945 to 1946. It was centered around the areas of Masuria, Powiśle and Warmia. It was established as one of four provisional districts on 14 March 1945. On 25 September 1945, areas near its western border were incorporated into the Gdańsk Voivodeship, while the areas near its eastern border, to the Białystok Voivodeship. It existed until 28 June 1946, when it was abolished and replaced with the Olsztyn Voivodeship. The head of the district was the attorney-in-fact Stanisław Piaskowski.
Gallery
Notes
References
States and territories established in 1945
States and territories disestablished in 1946
1945 establishments in Poland
1946 disestablishments in Poland
Districts of Poland (1945–1946)
Çevreli is a village in the District of Demre, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Demre District
"Zenit" (Волейбольная команда «Зенит») is a Russian volleyball club based in Saint Petersburg.
The club is taking part in the Russian Superleague. The club's primary sponsor is Gazprom.
Achievements
Domestic competitions
Russian Championship
Runners-up (2): 2018, 2021
Russian Cup
Runners-up (3): 2018, 2019, 2020
Russian Super Cup
Runners-up (2): 2018, 2021
International competitions
CEV Cup
Runner-up (1): 2021
History
The VC Zenit was established in June 2017, as part of the FC Zenit. It played at the Super League for the first time in the 2017–18 season and finished fifth, and reached the Final game in playoff, against Zenit Kazan.
Team Roster
Team roster – season 2021/2022
References
External links
Russian volleyball clubs
Zenit Saint Petersburg
Volleyball clubs established in 2017
2017 establishments in Russia
The Chicago Bulls are an American professional basketball team based in Chicago, Illinois. They are a member of the Central Division of the Eastern Conference in the National Basketball Association (NBA). The team is owned by Jerry Reinsdorf and Billy Donovan is the current head coach. They play their home games in the United Center. The Bulls first joined the NBA in the as an expansion team. Coached by Johnny Kerr, the team finished its first season with a 33–48 record, the best record achieved by an expansion team in its first year of play, and secured a playoff berth. The Bulls won their first NBA championship in the 1991 NBA Finals while coached by Phil Jackson. They won five additional NBA championships in the 1990s under Jackson.
There have been 21 head coaches for the Bulls franchise. Phil Jackson is also the franchise's all-time leader in regular season games coached, regular season games won, playoff games coached, and playoff games won. Jackson and Jerry Sloan are the only Bulls coaches to have been inducted into the Basketball Hall of Fame as a coach. Kerr, Dick Motta, Jackson, and Thibodeau have won NBA Coach of the Year with the team. Ed Badger, Bill Berry, Bill Cartwright, Pete Myers and Jim Boylan have all spent their entire NBA head coaching careers with the Bulls. Sloan, Cartwright, and Myers formerly played for the Bulls.
Key
Coaches
''Note: Statistics are correct through April 11, 2022.
Notes
A running total of the number of coaches of the Bulls. Thus any coach who has two or more separate terms as head coach is only counted once.
Each year is linked to an article about that particular NBA season.
References
General
Specific
Lists of National Basketball Association head coaches by team
Head coaches
AEM Morphou (, Athlitiki Enosi Morphou; "Athletic Union Morphou") was a Cypriot football club based in Morphou. Founded in 1960, was playing sometimes in Second and sometimes in the Third and Fourth Division.
After the Turkish invasion of Cyprus and occupation of the city of Morphou in 1974, the team was displaced to the southern part of the island, in Limassol. The football team dissolved in 1991 due to financial problems.
References
Association football clubs disestablished in 1991
Defunct football clubs in Cyprus
Association football clubs established in 1960
1960 establishments in Cyprus
1991 disestablishments in Cyprus
Garalo is a small town and rural commune in the Cercle of Bougouni in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali.
The commune contains 30 settlements:
Banko
Dialakoro
Djine
Fara
Farabale Zena
Foulalaba
Garalo
Golobala
Kerekoumana
Kodiougou
Kotie
Koura
N'Gouako
Nagnola
Ngouana
Ouenasokoro
Paniala
Sena
Sienre
Sienrou
Sirakole
Sirankourou
Sirantjila
Sola Bougouda
Solaba
Soronakolobe
Tabakorole
Tanhala
Tiekoumala
Tienko
References
Communes of Sikasso Region
The Gregory Dipping Vat is a historic cattle dipping facility at 122 Rogers Street on the outskirts of Lake Village, Arkansas. The vat is a concrete structure long, wide, and deep. It is located on a grassy lane off Rogers Road, in a wooded area not far from Bayou Macon, whose waters were used to fill it. The vat was built c. 1930 as part of a statewide program to eradicate Texas tick fever, which was at the time a serious problem affecting the area's cattle farmers. After the program was ended in 1943, the vat became a play area for local youth. It remains in good condition as a reminder of the economically important tick eradication program.
The vat was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Chicot County, Arkansas
References
Agricultural buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas
Buildings and structures completed in 1930
National Register of Historic Places in Chicot County, Arkansas
Lake Village, Arkansas
1930 establishments in Arkansas
Plunge dips
Hôrka () is a village and municipality in Poprad District in the Prešov Region of northern Slovakia.
Geography
The municipality lies at an altitude of 610 metres and covers an area of 11.305 km². It has a population of about 1560 people.
History
In historical records the village was first mentioned in 1347.
Economy and infrastructure
Near the village is a wind park. From cultural sightseeings are interesting early gothic Roman Catholic church and a baroque chapel.
See also
List of municipalities and towns in Slovakia
References
Genealogical resources
The records for genealogical research are available at the state archive "Statny Archiv in Levoca, Slovakia"
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20160801155048/http://horka.e-obce.sk/
Surnames of living people in Horka
Villages and municipalities in Poprad District
Quinn Lamont Luke, also known as Bing Ji Ling (Chinese for "ice cream"), is a New York City-based producer/musician. Luke has released six full-length albums of original material as a solo artist, as well as numerous singles, collaborations, and remixes.  They are a former member of Phenomenal Handclap Band.
Biography
As well as Phenomenal Handclap Band, Luke has also been involved in several other collaborative projects. As Incarnations, Luke joined friends Bart Davenport and Daniel Collas, to create an organic and original album in 2 weeks at a remote studio in the south of Spain for Lovemonk Records. As Coppa, a duo composed of Luke and Groove Merchant's Chris Veltri, Luke has produced a series of 12-inch singles. As Q&A (formerly Expanding Headband), an instrumental, psychedelic-dance music duo with Alexis Georgopoulos, Luke has releases on DFA Records, Smalltown Supersound, and Lo Recordings. Luke is also a constant member of Tommy Guerrero's group.
Luke has worked in a collaborative project with Paul "Mudd" Murphy under the name Paqua, on Murphy's Claremont 56 label out of London. Their album "Akaliko" was released in June 2014, and they toured Europe promoting it at places such as Glastonbury Festival (U.K.) and The Garden festival (Croatia).
In the Fall of 2014, Luke released a solo/acoustic/covers record, entitled "Sunshine For Your Mind."
In 2015 a 12" release of "See Me Through" and a Romanowski remix of "Thought Our Love Was Strong" on Coyote's Über label were released. Both songs were from previous Bing albums. A Lexx remix of "Hangin' On A String," was released on their Phantom Island label. Other songs, such as Luke's collaboration with Cantoma (aka Phil Mison) "Alive," and their collaboration with Alex From Tokyo "Don't Move" were featured on various compilations.
The beginning of 2016 saw the release of a new collaboration with Alex from Tokyo, on their new World Famous label entitled "Not My Day." Their version of Lil Louis' "Club Lonely" and a Tokyo Blackstar remix are also included. The late summer saw the first release under Bing's given name Quinn Lamont Luke on Aficionado Recordings and Tommy Guerrero's Too Good label, entitled "Temporadas." This release is Luke's first instrumental effort, with songs recorded at home, on a 4 track, one song per season. We also saw a new 12" release of and Idjut Boys remix of "Won't Wait For Yesterday," and a Tim "Love" Lee remix of "Everybody."
In the spring of 2017, Luke released a new single entitled "Different Aspriations."
Discography
Albums
"doodle loot doot doodle a doo" (2004)
"Fire & Ice Cream" (2006)
"June Degrees In December" (2008)
"So Natural" (2009)
"Shadow To Shine" (2011)
"Por Cada Nube..." (2013)
"Sunshine For Your Mind" (2014)
References
General references
My Spoonful (2011). Retrieved November 17, 2011, from https://web.archive.org/web/20111206223046/http://myspoonful.com/bing-ji-ling
Rolling Stone (2013)
External links
Living people
American rock musicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
Antonio Samorè (4 December 1905 – 3 February 1983) was an Italian Cardinal of the Catholic Church. They were elevated to the cardinalate in 1967.
Biography
Samorè was born in Bardi, near Parma. After studying at the seminary in Piacenza and the Pontifical Lateran University in Rome, they were ordained to the priesthood by Bishop Ersilio Menzani on 10 June 1928. Samorè then did pastoral work in Piacenza until 1932, when they became attaché and secretary of the Lithuanian nunciature. They were raised to the rank of Privy Chamberlain of Their Holiness on 28 February 1935, and later a Domestic Prelate of Their Holiness on 27 February 1947. In 1938, Samorè was named secretary of the nunciature to Switzerland and also entered the Roman Curia as an official of the Secretariat of State. They were then counselor of the apostolic delegation to the United States from 1947 to 1950.
On 30 January 1950, Samorè was appointed Apostolic Nuncio to Colombia and Titular Archbishop of Ternobus by Pope Pius XII. They received their episcopal consecration on the following 16 April from Clemente Micara, with Archbishop Filippo Bernardini and Bishop Alberto Carinci serving as co-consecrators, in the church of Santa Maria sopra Minerva. Samorè later returned to Rome upon their naming as Secretary of the Congregation for Extraordinary Ecclesiastical Affairs on 7 February 1953. As Secretary, they were the second-highest official of that dicastery. Before and after the Second Vatican Council (1962–1965), later than President of the Pontifical Commission for Latin America, they were charged by Pope Paul VI to stem support of liberation theology and "ecclesial base communities" by the Latin American Episcopal Conference (CELAM).
They were created Cardinal-Priest of Santa Maria sopra Minerva by Paul VI in the consistory of 26 June 1967. A protégé of Alfredo Ottaviani, the heavily conservative Samorè advised Pope Paul against granting their approval to artificial birth control. The next year, on 1 November 1968, Paul appointed them Prefect of the Congregation for the Discipline of the Sacraments. Following the death of Giovanni Urbani in 1969, Cardinal Samorè was one of the leading contenders to succeed them as Patriarch of Venice; the position went to Bishop Albino Luciani. Samorè, upon resigning as Prefect on 25 January 1974, was named Archivist and Librarian of the Holy Roman Church. On 12 December of that same year, they became Cardinal Bishop of Sabina-Poggio Mirteto.
From 1978 to 1983, they acted as a special representative of Pope John Paul II, earning Samorè the nickname "the Vatican Kissinger", for mediating the dispute between Chile and Argentina, which were on the brink of war because of a disagreement concerning the ownership of the strategic Picton, Lennox and Nueva islands during the Beagle conflict. The international pass of Puyehue that links Osorno in Chile with Bariloche (Argentina) was later renamed Cardenal Antonio Samorè Pass.
Samorè died of a heart attack in Rome, at age 77.  They are buried in the church of the Carmelite monastery of Vetralla.
References
Additional sources
External links
SAMORÈ, Antonio
1905 births
1983 deaths
Clergy from the Province of Parma
Apostolic Nuncios to Colombia
Beagle conflict
20th-century Italian cardinals
Cardinal-bishops of Sabina
Participants in the Second Vatican Council
Members of the Congregation for Divine Worship and the Discipline of the Sacraments
Members of the Congregation for the Discipline of the Sacraments
Pontifical Commission for Latin America
Cardinals created by Pope Paul VI
Grand Crosses 1st class of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
Örenköy, Çamlıdere is a village in the District of Çamlıdere, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çamlıdere District
Becky Judd is an American former slalom canoeist who competed in the 1970s and 1980s.  They are from Portland, Oregon.
They won a gold medal in the K-1 team event at the 1979 ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships in Jonquière.
References
Overview of athlete's results at canoeslalom.net
American female canoeists
Possibly living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Medalists at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships
First Church in Salem (officially known as the First Church in Salem, Unitarian Universalist) is a Unitarian Universalist church in Salem, Massachusetts that was designed by Solomon Willard and built in 1836. Before the church was built, around 1635, its members had to gather in houses or a building near the Town House Square. The congregation claims to be "one of the oldest continuing Protestant churches in North America and the first to be governed by congregational polity, a central feature of Unitarian Universalism".
The values of the Puritans who founded the First Church in Salem stated that they were on a pilgrimage to the city of God. This made them want to perfect their world and community. It also made some of their members such as third minister Roger Williams, activists in the community. They specifically argued that Native Americans should be compensated for their land and that the colonial government should not have power over the church.
Thomas Treadwell Stone became minister of the church on July 12, 1846. In December 1851, the Salem Female Anti-Slavery Society held their annual general meeting at the church. For twelve years, Charles Wentworth Upham was minister of the church. Grace Parker commissioned a stained-glass window for the church in dedication to their late husband, George Swinnerton Parker of Parker Brothers fame, and their two sons.
References
External links
Unitarian Universalist churches in Massachusetts
Buildings and structures in Salem, Massachusetts
1836 establishments in Massachusetts
19th-century churches in the United States
Churches completed in 1836
19th-century Unitarian Universalist church buildings
Gothic Revival church buildings in Massachusetts
Pekka Antero Leimu (born 11 April 1947) is a Finnish former ice hockey center and Olympian.
Leimu played with Team Finland at the 1968 Winter Olympics held in Grenoble, France. They previously played for Ilves Tampere in SM-Liiga.
References
1947 births
Living people
Ice hockey players at the 1968 Winter Olympics
Olympic ice hockey players of Finland
Ice hockey people from Tampere
Ilves players
Finnish ice hockey centres
Greece competed in the Eurovision Song Contest 2002, held on 25 May 2002 at Saku Suurhall in Tallinn, Estonia. The Greek broadcaster Hellenic Broadcasting Corporation (ERT) organised a public selection process entitled Ellinikós Telikós 2002 to determine its entry for the contest. Held on 26 February 2002 in Athens, the event saw 10 songs compete to be the Greek entry; the results were determined by a combination of jury, SMS and televoting. The song "S.A.G.A.P.O.", written and performed by Michalis Rakintzis received the most votes and was selected to represent the nation. Greece performed fourth out of the 24 countries competing in the contest and placed 17th with 27 points.
Background
The Hellenic Broadcasting Corporation (ERT) is the European Broadcasting Union (EBU) member for Greece and is responsible for selection of the nation's entry. Prior to the 2002 contest, Greece had participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 22 times since its debut entry in . To this point, the nation achieved its best placing at the previous contest in 2001, where Antique placed third with the song "Die for You". Greece's least successful result was in 1998 when it placed 20th with the song "Mia krifi evaisthisia" by Thalassa, receiving only twelve points in total, all from Cyprus.
Before Eurovision
Ellinikós Telikós 2002
Ellinikós Telikós 2002 was the Greek national final developed by ERT to select the Greek entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 2002. The competition took place on 26 February 2002 at the REX Music Hall in Athens, was hosted by Dafni Bokota and directed by Dafni Tzaferi; it was broadcast on television station ET1, radio station Second Programme and via the ERT website. Ten songs competed over two rounds of voting. After the first round consisting of all ten candidate entries, jury voting selected five to proceed to the second round. The winner of the event was then selected by a 50/50 combination of jury voting and public televoting. The six-member jury consisted of Giorgos Katsaros (composer and jury president), Antonis Andrikakis (General Director of ERA), Giorgos Kyvelos (producer and advisor to the ERT president), Lefteris Koggalidis (communications, promotions and public relations at ERT), Dafni Bokota (television presenter) and Sinia Kousoula (international relations at ERT). During the voting phase, 2002 Cypriot Eurovision representatives One performed as the special guests and video clips of previous Greek Eurovision entrants were shown, including Marinella's "Krasi, thalassa ke t'agori mou" (1974), Paschalis, Marianna, Robert and Bessy's "Mathima solfege" (1977), Tania Tsanaklidou's "Charlie Chaplin" (1978), Elpida's "Sokrati" (1979), Anna Vissi and the Epikouri's "Autostop" (1980), Bang's "Stop" (1987), Sophia Vossou's "I anixi" (1991), Cleopatra's "Olou tou kosmou i Elpida" (1992), Katy Garbi's "Ellada, hora tou fotos" (1993) and Antique's "Die for You" (2001).
Prior to the event, ERT opened a submissions window for Greek composers, lyricists, and performers to submit their original songs for consideration by 17 December 2001. By the close of the submissions window, 158 songs had been submitted; the ten competing songs were then selected by the six-member jury and were announced on 10 January 2002. Nearly 95,000 votes were cast during the show and when the combined results were presented, it was revealed that "S.A.G.A.P.O." performed by Michalis Rakintzis, was the winner. In the days following Rakintzis' selection, Greek press reported on an issue during the televoting phase in that while the process and phone numbers were explained, the host never announced the commencement of the voting period. Additionally, the singer was accused of using playback for the performance and it was noted that there were sound problems overall. At a press conference held by the artist, Rakintzis stated that they were willing to resign from being the Greek entrant due to the voting issue, but ERT had responded that if they were to not represent the nation, then they would pull out of the contest. Rakintzis subsequently opted to remain the Greek entrant. Following their selection, Rakintzis opted to not organise a promotional tour to other countries, believing that music had nothing to do with advertising.
At Eurovision
The Eurovision Song Contest 2002 took place at Saku Suurhall in Tallinn, Estonia, on 25 May 2002. The participants list included the previous year's winning country, the "Big Four" countries, consisting of , , and the , any eligible countries which did not compete in the 2001 contest, and countries which had obtained the highest average points total at the previous year's contest, up to 24 total participants. As Greece placed third at the 2001 contest, it was permitted to participate this year.
For the performance, Rakintzis was joined by four vocalists/musicians: Giannis Karmas (keyboards), Michalis Kyriakidis (guitar), Nikos Menemenoglou (drums) and Terry Mavridis (bass). The ensemble took part in rehearsals for the performance during the week of 20-25 May 2002, which concluded with the final dress rehearsal on 25 May where the national juries of each country viewed the performances and recorded their votes. They performed fourth in the running order at the contest and wore "militaristic" leather outfits which were designed by Rakintzis. The outfits would later earn Rakintzis the Barbara Dex Award for worst-dressed act at the year's contest. The song finished 17th out of 24 with 27 points, receiving points from four of the 24 participating countries. Greek press was critical of the song and its performance. Following the contest at a press conference in Athens, Rakintzis stated "I came close to throwing down my microphone and walking off the stage," commenting on the sound quality of the performance which they claimed was responsible for their low contest placement. The Eurovision committee later released a statement that "there was no technical problem with the sound, if there was a problem it was with the singer."
Voting
Voting during the show involved each country awarding points from 1-8, 10 and 12 as determined by either 100% televoting or a combination of 50% televoting and 50% national jury. In cases where televoting was not possible, only the votes of the eight-member national juries were tabulated. Greece received 27 points, which included the top 12 points from Cyprus, to which the nation also awarded its 12 points. was the Greek spokesperson announcing the country's voting results during the show, a task they had performed since the 1998 contest. The tables below visualise a complete breakdown of the points awarded to and awarded by Greece in the Eurovision Song Contest 2002.
References
2002
Countries in the Eurovision Song Contest 2002
Eurovision
Incumbents
Supreme Leader: Ali Khamenei
President: Hassan Rouhani
Speaker of Parliament – Ali Larijani
Chief Justice – Sadeq Larijani
Events
January
January 2
Iranian protesters ransack and set fire to the Saudi Embassy in Tehran following Saudi Arabia's execution of Shia cleric Nimr al-Nimr.
The Prosecutor's Office for Media and Culture in Iran suspends the reformist newspaper Bahar for allegedly publishing propaganda against the regime.
January 4 – Authorities arrest the professional soccer player Sosha Makani "after photographs published on social media showed them together with several women not wearing the Islamic hijab, as required by Iranian law."
January 5 – Iran unveils a new underground missile depot, showcasing the Emad liquid-fuel, intermediate-range ballistic missile.
January 7 – Authorities arrest poet and civil activist Hila Sedighi upon their return from a trip to the United Arab Emirates.
January 12
Iranian naval forces seize and detain two small U.S. vessels which "allegedly drifted into Iranian territorial waters." The 10 American sailors are held at an Iranian military base on Farsi Island and released the following day with their boats.
Reformist journalist Reyhaneh Tabatabaei begins serving a one-year prison term at Tehran's Evin Prison for allegedly "spreading propaganda against the regime" through their journalistic activities.
January 16
After the IAEA confirms that Iran met the relevant requirements under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), all nuclear-related sanctions are lifted by the UN, the EU, and the United States as part of "Implementation Day."
The Guardian Council disqualifies approximately 60% of the more than 12,000 candidates, including 99% of all reformist candidates, from running for office in the 2016 Iranian parliamentary elections to be held on February 26.
January 20 – "Iranian blogger and activist Hossein Ronaghi-Maleki return[s] to Evin Prison... to continue their 15-year sentence, despite their continuing ill health."
February
February 3 – Authorities arrest former BBC journalist and dual Iranian-British citizen Bahman Daroshafaei.
February 10 – Iranian state television broadcasts new images and video of a U.S. sailor crying in custody from the incident in which Iran detained 10 American sailors on January 12. In response, the U.S. Navy says, "The detention of our personnel was outrageous and unacceptable."
February 11 – Tens of thousands of Iranians chanting "Death to America and Israel" commemorate the 37th anniversary of the country's 1979 Islamic revolution.
February 26 – Parliament and Assembly of Experts elections take place. It resulted in the reformists and moderates uniting and being elected in joint lists to have a majority over the conservatives in both the Parliament and the Assembly of Experts.
Predicted and Scheduled Events
August
August 5–21 – 30 athletes from Iran will compete in the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
See also
List of executions in Iran in 2016
References
2010s in Iran
Years of the 21st century in Iran
Iran
Italian Studies is an interdisciplinary field dealing with the study of the Italian language, literature, art, history, politics, culture and society.
List of academic institutions offering Italian Studies programmes outside of Italy
Canada
Department of Italian Studies at University of Toronto;
Department of Language Studies at University of Toronto Mississauga;
Department of Italian Studies at McGill University;
Department of Modern Languages and Literatures at Université de Montréal;
Department of Modern Languages and Literatures at University of Ottawa;
Department of French, Hispanic and Italian Studies at University of British Columbia;
Department of Spanish and Italian at Queen's University;
Department of Modern Languages and Cultural Studies at University of Alberta;
Department of Modern Languages, Literatures, and Cultures Brock University;
China
Department of Italian Studies at University of International Business and Economics;
School of European Languages and Culture at Beijing Foreign Studies University
Department of Italian at Nankai University
Croatia
Department of Italian Studies at University of Rijeka
Japan
Department of Italian Linguistics at Kyoto Sangyo University;
Lithuania
Department of Italian Linguistics and Literature at Vilnius University Faculty of Philology;
Slovenia
Italian Studies at University of Primorska
South Africa
Department of Italian at University of the Witwatersrand
United Kingdom
Italian Studies at Oxford University;
Department of Italian at Cambridge University;
Department of Italian Studies at Manchester University;
Department of Italian at University College London;
Department of Italian at Leeds University;
Department of Italian at Warwick University;
Department of Italian at Reading University;
Department of Italian at St. Andrews University;
Department of Italian at Bristol University;
Department of Languages and International Studies at Nottingham Trent University;
United States
Department of Italian Studies at Georgetown University;
Department of Italian Studies at the College of William & Mary;
Department of Italian Studies at New York University (Casa Italiana Zerilli-Marimò);
Department of Italian Studies at Brown University;
Department of Italian Studies at University of California, Berkeley;
Department of Italian at University of California, Los Angeles;
Department of Italian at Columbia University;
Italian Academy for Advanced Studies (Casa Italiana);
Department of Italian at Yale University;
Department of French and Italian at The University of Texas at Austin
Department of French and Italian at University of Wisconsin;
Department of French and Italian at Stanford University;
Department of French and Italian at Princeton University;
Department of French and Italian at Indiana University;
Department of French and Italian at Ohio State University;
Department of Romance Studies at Duke University
Department of Romance Studies at Cornell University
Department of Romance Languages and Literatures at Harvard University;
Department of Romance Languages and Literatures at University of Chicago;
Department of Romance Languages and Literatures at University of Michigan;
Department of Romance Languages and Literatures at University of Notre Dame;
Casa Italiana at the Nazareth College.
Department of Romance Languages at University of Pennsylvania;
Department of Romance Studies at Boston University;
Department of Romance studies at The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill;
Non-Italian Italian Studies Associations
The American Association for Italian Studies
The American Association for Italian Studies (AAIS) was founded in 1988. Its purpose is to encourage, support, and conduct research activities in Italian culture, including areas such as Italian language, art, music, history, literature, folklore, and popular culture, and well as its influence on other cultures.
Members of the Association are individuals either holding a Ph.D or Laurea in an area of Italian studies or an equivalent degree in Italian Studies; holding an academic position at the University or College level; enrolled in an advanced degree program in an area of Italian Studies above the master's degree Level.
The AAIS holds an annual meeting and periodically publishes a scholarly journal called Italian Culture.
The Association for the Study of Modern Italy
The Association for the Study of Modern Italy was founded in 1982 by Christopher Seton-Watson, to bring together individuals and organisations from the UK and abroad with teaching, research, professional or general interests in modern Italy from all disciplinary angles.
Today, ASMI's membership is international and includes scholars and others from a wide range of disciplinary backgrounds including history, political science, languages, geography, literature and anthropology.
ASMI publishes a quarterly journal called Modern Italy.
The Canadian Association for Italian Studies
The Canadian Association for Italian Studies (CAIS, formerly known as the Canadian Society for Italian Studies or CSIS) was established in 1972, to foster and advance Italian studies in Canada and in the larger global community.
The CAIS aim is to provide a forum for the exchange of ideas through the presentation and discussion of papers that deal with diverse aspects of Italian language, literature, pedagogy, society, and culture. The CAIS publishes a biannual Journal called Quaderni d'italianistica.
The Society for Italian Studies
The Society for Italian Studies (SIS) is a registered charity that strives "...to advance public education by furthering the study of Italy, Italian language, literature, thought, history, society and arts in the United Kingdom and Ireland."
It does this through publications, conferences and its Annual General Meeting and Colloquium. It also publishes a bi-annual journal called Italian Studies.
Association of Professional Italianists in South Africa / Associazione di Professori d'Italiano in Sudafrica (API)
The purpose of A.P.I. (Association of Professional Italianists / Associazione Professori d'Italiano), established in 1981 in Johannesburg, is to promote cultural exchanges and discussions on didactic and literary topics concerning the preservation and teaching of the Italian language and literature in Southern Africa both at school and university level, and to keep abreast with international developments in this field.
API publishes a bi-annual journal called Italian Studies in Southern Africa / Studi d'Italianistica nell'Africa Australe (ISSA).
International scholarly Journals
Annali d'Italianistica
Annali d'Italianistica seeks to promote the study of Italian literature in its cultural context, to foster scholarly excellence, and to select topics of interest to a large number of Italianists. Monographic in nature, the journal is receptive to a variety of topics, critical approaches, and theoretical perspectives.
Contemporary Italian Politics
Contemporary Italian Politics, formerly Bulletin of Italian Politics, is a political science journal aimed at academics and policymakers as well as others with a professional or intellectual interest in the politics of Italy.
Forum Italicum
Forum Italicum is a peer-reviewed international journal of Italian Studies based at Stony Brook University, NY, USA, and founded by M. Ricciardelli in 1967. The journal is intended as a meeting-place where scholars, critics, and teachers can present their views on the literature, language, and culture of Italy and other countries in relation to Italy. Young and hitherto unpublished scholars are encouraged to contribute their critical works.
Italian Culture
Italian Culture is the official publication of the American Association for Italian Studies and is currently housed at the University of Minnesota and Cornell University. Its interdisciplinary scope reflects the broad and diverse interests of the Association's members, offering subscribers scholarly articles in Italian language, linguistics, history, literature, cinema, politics, philosophy, folklore, popular culture, migration, and the influence of Italy on other cultures. It also includes articles on comparative literature and cultural studies.
Italian Poetry Review
Italian Poetry Review, is a plurilingual journal of creativity and criticism that is part of a larger cultural program located at Columbia University in the City of New York and associated with the Department of Italian and the Italian Academy for Advanced Studies in America.
Italian Quarterly
Italian Quarterly is published by the Department of Italian at Rutgers, the State University of New Jersey. The Journal welcomes critical contributions in English or Italian on Italian literature and culture, including film; artistic translations of work of merit; and original work, poetry or prose, in Italian.
Modern Italy
Modern Italy is the official journal of the Association for the Study of Modern Italy. Founded in 1995, the journal's focus is the history, politics and social, economic and cultural studies of Italy, Italian affairs and the Italian peoples from the eighteenth to the twenty-first century. The journal publishes fully refereed research articles, a regular ‘Contexts and Debates' section, review articles, book reviews, conference reports and exhibition reviews.
Journal of Modern Italian Studies
The Journal of Modern Italian Studies (JMIS) is one of the leading English language forums for debate and discussion on modern Italy. This peer-reviewed journal publishes five issues a year, each containing scholarly articles, book reviews and review essays relating to the political, economic, cultural, and social history of modern Italy from 1700 to the present.
Spunti e ricerche
Spunti e ricerche is an academic journal based in Melbourne founded in 1985 and with a circulation to individuals and libraries in Australia, Europe and North America. Spunti e ricerche's Editorial Board is composed of Italianists from Melbourne tertiary institutions and is assisted by an Advisory Board made up of Italianists.
The Italianist
The Italianist first appeared in 1981, and publishes articles on all aspects of Italian art, culture, and life from the Middle Ages to the present.
Quaderni d'Italianistica
Quaderni d'Italianistica is the official journal of the CAIS (Canadian Association for Italian Studies), formerly CSIS (Canadian Society for Italian Studies). Quaderni d'Italianistica is peer-reviewed and publishes two yearly issues of essays and book reviews in English, French, or Italian on any aspect of Italian language, literature, culture and pedagogy. Quaderni also embraces a transnational perspective, addressing questions of race, gender, and diasporic communities.
See also
Serena Professor of Italian
Casa Italiana Zerilli Marimò
Casa Italiana
Italian Renaissance
References
External links
American Association for Italian Studies: AAIS
Association for the Study of Modern Italy: ASMI
Canadian Society for Italian Studies: CSIS
Society for Italian Studies: SIS
Spunti e ricerche; rivista d'italianistica Journal of Italian Studies
Modern Italy, official journal of ASMI
Journal of Modern Italian Studies
Contemporary Italian Politics
Association of Professional Italianists in South Africa / Associazione Professori d'Italiano in Sudafrica: API
Library guides to Italian studies
European studies
Higher education-related lists
Italian culture
Romance studies
is a Japanese scholar of Tibetan linguistics at the Tokyo University of Foreign Studies. Born in Chiba, they are the daughter of the equally noted Tibetan linguist Michiyo Hoshi.
Education
1991 University of Tokyo Faculty of Letters graduation
1993 The University of Tokyo Graduate School of Humanities and Social Sciences Graduate Degree
1997 PhD in the "descriptive study of the meaning of the predicate in Lhasa Tibetan"
Career
1997 Assistant Professor, Tokyo University of Foreign Studies, Languages and Cultures of Asia and Africa
2004 Associate Professor
2015 Full Professor
Awards
March 2006, Japan Society for the Promotion of Science Award and Japan Academy Academic Award.
Publications
As listed by WorldCat, and Research on Tibetan Languages (a wikibook),
(1993).「チベット語ラサ方言の非完了・継続状態を表わす動詞述語について」『東京大学言語学論集』 13, pp. 415–446, 1993.
(1994a). "On the nonperfect continuative aspect of the Lhasa dialect of modern Tibetan." Current Issues in Sino-Tibetan Linguistics. Kitamura Hajime et al. eds. Osaka: The Organizing Committee, the 26the International Conference on Sino-Tibetan Languages and Linguistics. 985-991.
(1994b) チベット語ラサ方言における動詞述語V-ki^reeの意味. [The meaning of V-ki^ree in the verbal predicates of Lhasa Tibetan.] 日本西蔵学会々報 40: 53-60.
(1996).『チベット語ラサ方言の述語「動詞＋chun」の意味と用法』 東京大学言語学論集 Tokyo University Linguistic Papers 15: 203-229.
(1998). チベット語ラサ方言の述語の意味分析上の諸問題 : 述語動詞yonを含む述語の意味分析を例に. [Various problems in the semantic analysis of predicates in Lhasa Tibetan: the example of the semantic analysis of the verbal predicate yon.]" アジア・アフリカ言語文化研究所通信 ILCAA newsletter 92: 80-81
(1998).「チベット語ラサ方言における述語動詞yonの意味」『言語研究』 113: -96, 1998.
(2001). "The Meaning of the Lhasa Tibetan Predicate "V-kyu + predicate verb"" 東京大学言語学論集 Tokyo University Linguistic Papers 20: 261-274.
(2001) チベット文学の幕開け, 週刊朝日百科世界の文学, 113号, 71-73.
(2002) 現代チベット語の名詞化接辞を持つ述語の意味---名詞述語から動詞述語への拡張と展開---, 東京大学言語学論集, 20巻, 261--274, 2001年
(2002) チベットの笑い話(1), 通信, 113号.
(2002) Web環境での多言語表示, ITUジャーナル, 32巻5号, 26--29.
(2002) 古代チベットの王家の谷で---撮影現場レポート& その後---, 『古典学の再構築』 研究費補助金 特定領域研究「古典学の再構築」, 12号, 66-67.
(2003) 現代チベット語ラサ方言の動詞の研究, 『南アジア諸言語に関する基礎語彙・文法調査』 科学研究費補助金（基盤研究(A)(2)）研究成果報告書, 79-100.
(2003) チベット文字における結合文字の使用に関する調査, 論集「情報処理」「古典学の再構築」研究成果報告集, 4巻, 141-144.
(2003). 現代チベット語動詞辞典 : ラサ方言 Gendai Chibettogo dōshi jiten : Rasa hōgen / A verb dictionary of the modern spoken Tibetan of Lhasa. Tokyo: 東京外国語大学アジア・アフリカ言語文化研究所 Tōkyō Gaikokugo Daigaku Ajia Afurika Gengo Bunka Kenkyūjo.
(2004) チベット語の接辞-nan(-mkhan)の文法化-専門家から人へ,人から属性へ Asian and African linguistics アジア・アフリカ文法研究 33: 115-138.
(2004) Displaying multi-script date on the Web, Proceedings of the Glyph and Typsettiong Workshop, 21st Century COE Program "East Asian Center for Informatics in Humanities―Toward an Overall Inheritance and Development of Kanji Culture―", 44–51, 2004年
Hoshi, Izumi. チベット : チベット語 / Chibetto: Chibetto go. (Tibet: Tibetan) Joho Senta Shuppankyoku, 2005.
(2005) チベット語の接辞-ñän（-mkhan）の文法化—専門家から人へ、人から属性へ--, 『アジア・アフリカ文法研究』 共同研究プロジェクト「音韻に関する通言語的研究」, 33巻, 115-138.
(2007) チベット語ラサ方言の接続関係を表すcääについて—動詞から転成した助詞—, 日本西蔵学会々報, 53号, 73-87.
Iwao, Kazushi, Nathan W. Hill, Tsuguhito Takeuchi, Izumi Hoshi, and Yoshiro Imaeda. Old Tibetan Inscriptions. Tokyo: Research Institute for Languages and Cultures of Asia and Africa, Tokyo University of Foreign Studies, 2009.
(2010) チベット語ラサ方言の格標示形式の体系, チベット＝ビルマ系言語の文法現象 １：格とその周辺.
(2010) 14 世紀チベット語文献『王統明示鏡』における存在動詞. [Existential verbs in the Rgyal rabs gsal ba'i me long, a 14th-century Tibetan narrative]. 東京大学言語学論集 (Tokyo University Linguistic Papers) 29.3: 29-68.
(2012) "The flow of Eastern Tibetan colloquial ^e into Middle Tibetan". Historical Development of the Tibetan Languages. Tsuguhito Takeuchi and Norihiko Hayashi, eds. Kobe: Research Institute of Foreign Studies, Kobe University of Foreign Studies. 71-86.
(2012) 静かなる闘い---熱を帯びるチベットの映画制作の現場から, FIELD+, 8号, 26-29.
(2013). The Flow of Eastern Tibetan Colloquial ˆe into Middle Tibetan, Journal of Research Institute Vol. 49 Historical Development of the Tibetan Languages, 49号, 71–83, 2013年
(2013). チベット語ラサ方言の文のタイプ, チベット＝ビルマ系言語の文法現象２：述語と発話行為のタイプからみた文の下位分類, 455-476.
(2013). 中世チベット語の文のタイプ, チベット＝ビルマ系言語の文法現象２：述語と発話行為のタイプからみた文の下位分類, 321-345.
(2014). 小説家の描く現代チベット: アムド出身の二人の作家, 日本西蔵学会々報, 60号, 135-148.
References
Living people
Tibetologists
1967 births
Bousso () is a city in Chari-Baguirmi Region, Chad. It is located at around . The town is served by Bousso Airport.
Demographics
References
Chari-Baguirmi Region
Populated places in Chad
Yukarıçanlı is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
Try Harder Records was a small independent record label that released music by Tired Irie, Blood Red Shoes, Foals, Jonquil, Redjetson, Blanket and Pioneers Press author/"talking songs" musician Adam Gnade. The label was founded in late 2005 by Alan English, guitarist with Youthmovies, Sim O'Farrell, and Simon Cope. Its final release was in 2009.
Records released
The Joy Formidable Cradle Double 7" Single
Adam Gnade Trailerparks Limited CD tour-only version
Playdoe Sibot & Spoek are Playdoe Digital-only release
Larsen B Marilyn 7" Single
Tired Irie Hexagon CD Single
Tired Irie CD EP
Blanket Blankit CD Album
Redjetson The Unravelling 7" Single
Jonquil Lions CD Album
Adam Gnade and Youthmovies Honey Slides CD EP
Jonquil Sunny Casinos CD Album
Blood Red Shoes ADHD 7" Single
FoalsTry This On Your Piano 7" Single
Blood Red Shoes Stitch Me Back 7" Single
Tired Irie Like. Gentle. Men. 7" Single
External links
Try Harder Records website
Try Harder Records myspace
British record labels
Celebic can refer to:
Celebic languages, a group of Austronesian language spoken primarily in Sulawesi, Indonesia
Čelebić, a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Čelebić (surname), a Serbo-Croatian surname
See also
Čelebići (disambiguation)
Çelebi (disambiguation)
Fox Township may refer to:
Fox Township, Kendall County, Illinois
Fox Township, Jasper County, Illinois
Fox Township, Black Hawk County, Iowa
Fox Township, Platte County, Missouri
Fox Township, Carroll County, Ohio
Fox Township, Elk County, Pennsylvania
Fox Township, Sullivan County, Pennsylvania
Township name disambiguation pages
The Chip-Chip Gatherers is a novel by Shiva Naipaul originally published in 1973 by Andre Deutsch. It was reprinted in a new edition as a Penguin Twentieth Century Classic in 1997. It is a comic story following a cast of colourful Hindu and Muslim characters of Indian descent in a large village in Trinidad. It won the Whitbread Award.
1973 novels
Novels set in Trinidad and Tobago
André Deutsch books
Alex George Wakely (born 3 November 1988) is an English former cricketer who played for Northamptonshire and was also a former captain of the England under-19s.  They are a right-hand batsman, bowls off-breaks and sometimes medium pace bowling. In May 2021, Wakely announced their retirement from all forms of cricket.
Personal life
Born 3 November 1988 in Hammersmith, London, Wakely attended Bedford School. While at the school Wakely was coached by the former England batsman Derek Randall. After their A-levels, Wakely chose to focus on playing cricket professionally, and being a part time pianist.
Career
Domestic
In 2004, Wakely joined the staff of Northamptonshire whilst still in full-time education. They scored 81* on their Northamptonshire Second XI debut aged just 15. In July 2007, they made their first-class debut for Northamptonshire against Somerset. They made scores of 38 and 66, as well as taking two wickets including that of Marcus Trescothick. They played three more first-class matches in 2007 but after scoring 55 against Nottinghamshire they managed only single figure scores in their last five innings. After that poor run of form, they had a spell in the second XI before returning to the first XI in 2009. On 16 June that year, Wakely scored their maiden first-class century against Glamorgan, scoring 113*. For the 2010 season, Wakely was given more of a first team role and began to realise their potential with a century against Middlesex at Lord's.
For the 2013 season, Wakely captained the Northants team in limited overs cricket. This proved to be a successful move; the team finished second in its group in the 40 over league, and won the T20 competition. Wakely played in all of the T20 matches that season and played a key role in the final, scoring 59 from 30 balls.
They missed the whole of the 2014 season because of an Achilles tendon injury that they received during the club's pre-season tour of Barbados.
They returned for the 2015 season recovered, and having been appointed captain in all forms of cricket. They scored two first-class centuries in the season, including a personal highest score of 123 against Leicestershire. Northants once again reached the final of the T20 competition, but this time lost to Lancashire. The next year, Northants returned to Twenty20 finals day with Wakely again captain, and were this time victorious. They were involved in century partnerships in both the semi-final and the final. In the semi, against Notts they and Ben Duckett took Northants from 15/3 to 138/4, themselves scoring 53 from 45 balls. The final was versus Durham, and Wakely came in to bat with the score at 9/3, and shared in a partnership of 120 with Josh Cobb.
International
Wakely was picked for the England under-19s tour of Sri Lanka in 2006/07. They scored England's only century of the tri-nation series with 108 from 140 balls against Sri Lanka. In August, they scored a century on their 'Test' debut for England under-19s against Pakistan. On 1 October 2007, they were selected as the England under-19s captain for the 2008 World Cup
References
External links
Player Profile: Alex Wakely from northantscricket.com
1988 births
Living people
English cricketers
English cricket captains
Bedfordshire cricketers
Northamptonshire cricketers
Northamptonshire cricket captains
People from Hammersmith
People educated at Bedford School
Mount Lyttleton () is a conspicuous, almost entirely snow-covered mountain near the head of Cardell Glacier, on the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica. It was photographed from the air by the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition under Finn Ronne, 1947–48, and was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1960 for Westcote R. Lyttleton (1877–1956), New Zealand Works Director of Triplex Safety Glass, London, who first introduced laminated safety glass for use in goggles in about 1912.
References
Mountains of Graham Land
Graham Coast
Aalborg University Copenhagen, also referred to as AAU CPH, is a university campus operated by Aalborg University in Copenhagen, Denmark. It is home to all of Aalborg University's educational and research activities in the Greater Copenhagen area. The buildings, located at Teglholmen, are a former Nokia research & development center.
AAU CPH offers 10 undergraduate programmes (bachelor degrees) and 24 Master programmes graduate programmes (master degrees), both within the fields of natural sciences and humanities. The programmes are mostly taught in English. Aalborg University Copenhagen has approximately 4,000 students and 600 employees. The campus is also home to a number for innovative startup businesses at Sydhavnen close to central Copenhagen.
Research
Research activities at AAU CPH are an integrated part of Aalborg University's activities at the three campuses in Aalborg, Copenhagen and Esbjerg and are carried out in collaboration with a wide variety of research institutions as well as public and private corporations. Researchers and PhD fellows from Aalborg Universities departments are represented at AAU CPH and contributes with research and knowledge production within as varied areas as virtual reality, sound and music computing, mobile communication, sustainable energy sources, organisational communications and processes of democracy in Latin America.
A unique study and work method
A trademark of Aalborg University is its unique pedagogic model of teaching: the problem-based, project-organized model. With this method a great part of the semester teaching and student work revolves around complex real-life problems that the students wonder about and try to find answers to in scientific manners while working together in groups. The more traditional forms of teaching are of course also used, e.g. lectures, courses, seminars, classroom training, laboratory work and workshops.
Research based educations
At AAU CPH the study programs are research based. Teaching materials at AAU CPH come not only from books but also from, for example, articles in current journals.
The Danish Building Research Institute
On 1 January 2007 Aalborg University and the Danish Building Research Institute merged. The merger initiated a comprehensive centre for knowledge about the built environment. The goal of the centre is to become the leading place of its kind in Denmark and to be considered on par with similar centres internationally.
References
External links
Aalborg University Copenhagen - aau-cph.dk
University and college campuses in Copenhagen
Educational institutions established in 2005
Vesterbro/Kongens Enghave
2005 establishments in Denmark
Sarıhacılar, Akseki is a village in the District of Akseki, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Gallery
Villages in Akseki District
Kızılca, Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
Cherrish Pryor is an American politician from Indianapolis, Indiana.  They are a Democratic member of the Indiana House of Representatives, representing the 94th District since 2008.
Pryor began their political career as an Indianapolis City-County Council member, representing the 7th District from 2007 to 2008.
Pryor is a native of Holly Springs, Mississippi and has lived in Indiana since 1986. They graduated from South Side High School in Fort Wayne, Indiana in 1988. They moved to Indianapolis in 1995 to work for the Indiana House of Representatives as a legislative assistant.
External links
Indiana State Legislature - Representative Cherrish Pryor Official government website
Project Vote Smart - Representative Cherrish S. Pryor (IN) profile
Living people
People from Holly Springs, Mississippi
Politicians from Fort Wayne, Indiana
Indianapolis City-County Council members
Members of the Indiana House of Representatives
Indiana Democrats
African-American state legislators in Indiana
African-American women in politics
Women state legislators in Indiana
Indiana University Bloomington alumni
Women city councillors in Indiana
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
African-American city council members
21st-century African-American women
21st-century African-American politicians
Galvezia is a genus of perennial plants which are native to western South America and the Galapagos Islands. The genus is currently placed in the family Plantaginaceae, having been formerly classified under Scrophulariaceae. It is named in honour of José de Gálvez, a colonial official in New Spain during the 1700s.
Taxonomy
Species accepted by Kew include:
Galvezia elisensii M.O.Dillon & Quip. – Native to Peru.
Galvezia fruticosa J.F. Gmel. – Native to Ecuador and Peru.
Galvezia grandiflora (Benth.) Wettst. – Native to northwest Peru.
Galvezia lanceolata Pennell – Native to Ecuador.
Galvezia leucantha Wiggins – Native to Ecuador and the Galapagos Islands.
Two North American species were formerly placed in Galvezia, but are now recognized as distinct and placed in the genus Gambelia:
Gambelia juncea (Benth.) D.A.Sutton [syn. Galvezia juncea (Benth.) Ball] – Native to the Baja California peninsula and Sonora, Mexico.
Gambelia speciosa Nutt. [syn. Galvezia speciosa (Nutt.) A.Gray] – Native to the Channel Islands of California in California and Guadalupe Island, Mexico.
References
Further reading:
External links
Missouri Botanical Gardens - VAST (VAScular Tropicos) nomenclatural database
Plantaginaceae
Plantaginaceae genera
\
The uniform treehunter (Thripadectes ignobilis) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is found in Colombia and Ecuador.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest. It is not considered a threatened species by the IUCN.
References
uniform treehunter
Birds of the Colombian Andes
Birds of the Ecuadorian Andes
uniform treehunter
uniform treehunter
uniform treehunter
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Stanleyville District (, ) was a district of the Belgian Congo and Democratic Republic of the Congo. It went through various changes in extent. Between 1933 and 1963 it had roughly the same extent as the current Tshopo province.
Congo Free State
An 1897 map of the Congo Free State showed the huge Stanley Falls District where the later Stanleyville and Katanga districts would be created.
A 1910 map of the Belgian Congo shows the Stanleyville District along the northeastern border of the colony, with Uele District to the north, Aruwimi District and Kasai District to the west and Katanga District to the south. It covers the region of the Congo River basin upstream from Stanleyville down to the northern border of Katanga, as well as most of the course of the Aruwimi River.
Belgian Congo
A 1914 map shows the district had been broken into a much smaller Stanleyville District and new Lowa, Maniema, Kivu and Ituri districts.
These districts as well as Bas Uele, Haut Uele and Aruwimi constituted the Orientale Province, created in 1914.
A map of the colony after the 1933 reorganization into six provinces shows that Stanleyville district was now part of Stanleyville Province, which also contained the reconstituted Uele District and Kibali-Ituri District.
Stanleyville District had absorbed Aruwimi District but had lost some territory to Kivu District.
Stanleyville Province was renamed Orientale/Oost Province in 1947.
A 1955–1957 map shows Stanleyville District bordered by Mongala District and Bas-Uele District to the north, Haut-Uele District to the northeast, Ituri District and Nord-Kivu District to the east, Maniema District to the south and Tshuapa District to the west.
The area was out of a total of for Orientale province as a whole.
Post-independence
Orientale Province was broken up in 1963 into Kibali-Ituri, Uélé and Haut-Congo provinces.
Haut-Congo corresponded to the former Stanleyville District.
Orientale Province was reconstituted in 1966. It was renamed Haut-Zaïre Province from 1971–1997, then returned to the name of Orientale Province from 1997 to 2015.
In 2015 Orientale Province was broken into the provinces of Bas-Uélé, Haut-Uélé, Ituri and Tshopo.
Tshopo roughly corresponds to Haut-Congo Province and to Stanleyville District as it was between 1933 and 1963.
Maps
See also
Districts of the Belgian Congo
References
Sources
Districts of the Belgian Congo
Districts of Orientale Province
Iah (Egyptian: jꜥḥ, Coptic ) is a lunar deity in ancient Egyptian religion. The word jꜥḥ simply means "Moon". It is also transcribed as Yah, Jah or Aah.
Worship
By the New Kingdom (16th century to 11th century BC) they were less prominent than other gods with lunar connections, Thoth and Khonsu. As a result of the functional connection between them they could be identified with either of those deities.
Iah was sometimes considered an adult form of Khonsu and was increasingly absorbed by him. They continued to appear in amulets and occasional other representations, similar to Khonsu in appearance, with the same lunar symbols on their head and occasionally the same tight garments. They differed in usually wearing a full wig instead of a child's sidelock, and sometimes the Atef topped by another symbol. As time went on, Iah also became Iah-Djehuty, meaning "god of the new moon". In this role, they assumed the lunar aspect of Thoth (also known as Djehuty), who was the god of knowledge, writing and calculation. The segments of the moon were also used as fractional symbols in writing.
Iah was also assimilated with Osiris, god of the dead, perhaps because, in its monthly cycle, the Moon appears to renew itself.
See also
Iah (queen)
List of lunar deities
Ra
Yarikh
Yah
References
Egyptian gods
Lunar gods
Kemetism
Khonsu
İmircik, Elmalı is a village in the District of Elmalı, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Elmalı District
Fautino De Los Santos (born February 15, 1986) is a Dominican former professional baseball relief pitcher. They played in Major League Baseball for the Oakland Athletics in 2011 and 2012 and they played for the Musashi Heat Bears in Japan's Baseball Challenge League.
Professional career
Chicago White Sox (2006–2008)
De Los Santos began their career in the Chicago White Sox organization as a starting pitcher. They played well in the Dominican Summer League in 2006. In 2007, they split time between Single-A Kannapolis and Advanced-A Winston-Salem.
Oakland Athletics (2008–2012)
In January 2008, they were traded along with Ryan Sweeney and Gio González to the Athletics for Nick Swisher. In 2008, they pitched for Single-A Stockton, but was out for much of the 2008 and 2009 seasons after undergoing Tommy John surgery to repair an injured elbow. They finished 2009 with the AZL Athletics and was added to the Athletics' 40-man roster after the season ended. De Los Santos began 2010 back with the Stockton Ports and was promoted to the Double-A Midland RockHounds where they spent most of the season. Despite finishing 2010 with a disappointing 6.54 ERA in 25 appearances with Midland, De Los Santos performed well in 2011 and quickly climbed the ranks. They were promoted to the Triple-A Sacramento River Cats on May 5.
On May 20, after just 6 innings pitched in 5 appearances in Triple-A, De Los Santos received their first major-league call-up to the Athletics when Brandon McCarthy and Tyson Ross were placed on the disabled list. However, since both injured pitchers were in the team's starting rotation, De Los Santos was sent back down again four days later without having made an appearance to make room for the promotion of a starter, Guillermo Moscoso. On June 3, De Los Santos was again called up to the Athletics when Grant Balfour, another reliever, was placed on paternity leave. In their major-league debut on June 4, De Los Santos faced one batter, the Red Sox's Jed Lowrie, and struck them out. In their second appearance, though, De Los Santos gave up a hit and then two wild pitches in the same at bat, allowing a run in one inning. In an unexpected move, the Athletics decided to keep De Los Santos with the team when Balfour returned from leave, because their bullpen had been depleted in the previous night's 14-inning game, designating backup infielder Andy LaRoche for assignment instead.
Milwaukee Brewers (2012)
On July 28, 2012, De Los Santos was traded to the Milwaukee Brewers for catcher George Kottaras.
San Diego Padres (2013)
On February 6, 2013, De Los Santos was claimed off waivers by the San Diego Padres. Later that year, they were one of 20 players named in connection to Biogenesis of America, who allegedly gave performance-enhancing drugs to professional players. On August 5, 2013, they agreed to a 50-game suspension for their role in the scandal while in Arizona recovering from right shoulder surgery.
Diablos Rojos del México (2018)
On July 2, 2018, De Los Santos signed with the Diablos Rojos del México of the Mexican League. They were released on August 14, 2018.
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
Arizona League Athletics players
Diablos Rojos del México players
Dominican Republic expatriate baseball players in Japan
Dominican Republic expatriate baseball players in Mexico
Dominican Republic expatriate baseball players in the United States
Dominican Republic sportspeople in doping cases
Kannapolis Intimidators players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Major League Baseball players from the Dominican Republic
Major League Baseball players suspended for drug offenses
Mexican League baseball pitchers
Midland RockHounds players
Nashville Sounds players
Oakland Athletics players
Sacramento River Cats players
Stockton Ports players
Tucson Padres players
Winston-Salem Warthogs players
Matthew Paul Deane (; born 29 August 1978) is a Thai-Australian singer, model, actor and television presenter.
Early life and education
Deane was born on August 29, 1978, to an Australian father, Christopher Deane, and a Thai Chinese mother, Songsri Chanthavanij. They graduated from Cairns State High School and Rangsit University.
Career
Deane started an entertainment career in 1996 as a singer under GMM Grammy, debuted an album "Code Love," and switched to RS Public Company Limited in 2000 with a successful recorded album "Matthew Mania." They were a VJ in MTV Thailand and began acting in 2009. They hosted a Thai boxing reality show Thai Fight from 2010 to 2015.
Personal life
Deane and Lydia Sarunrat, a Thai R&B singer, got married in 2015. The couple have two children together.
On March 13, 2020, Deane announced that they had tested positive for Covid-19. They and their wife were admitted to Bumrungrad International Hospital for treatment and was discharged on April 18, 2020.
Filmography
Film
As actor
Dramas
Series
In 2021, Deane appeared in the Netflix series Sleepless Society: Nyctophobia playing 'Pete', the estranged husband of a grief-stricken woman who struggles to find peace until a mysterious boy appears, claiming to be their reincarnated son.
Sitcom
Master of Ceremony: MC ON TV
Advertising
References
1978 births
Living people
Matthew Deane
Matthew Deane
Matthew Deane
Matthew Deane
Matthew Deane
Matthew Deane
Matthew Deane
Australian people of Thai descent
Matthew Deane
Matthew Deane
Male YouTubers
Bill Callahan is a writer/producer for such shows as Spin City, 8 Simple Rules, Oliver Beene, Scrubs and Psych.
Career
Callahan was an executive producer/writer on Scrubs, which entered its ninth season on December 1, 2009. They joined the show in its fourth season as co-executive producer, and was an executive producer for the sixth season, and the first six episodes of the seventh season. Scrubs is created by Bill Lawrence, who co-created Spin City, which Callahan also worked on, as co-producer/producer/supervising producer. They also are a writer on 8 Simple Rules and Psych, and a producer/writer on Oliver Beene.  They are the first cousin of John C. McGinley with whom they worked on Scrubs.
References
External links
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
American television producers
Shian Brathwaite (born 4 October 1999) is a Barbadian cricketer. They made their List A debut for the West Indies Under-19s in the 2016–17 Regional Super50 on 25 January 2017.
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
Barbadian cricketers
West Indies under-19 cricketers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Biskoth () is a 2020 Indian Tamil-language parody film based on the American comedy titled Bedtime Stories. Biskoth is written, produced and directed by R. Kannan, under the banner Masala Pix. The film stars Santhanam and Tara Alisha whilst Sowcar Janaki, Anandaraj, Motta Rajendran and Aadukalam Naren play supporting roles. The music for the film is composed by Radhan, whilst cinematography and editing are handled by Shanmuga Sundaram and RK Selva, respectively. The plot was heavily inspired on 2008 American fantasy comedy film Bedtime Stories.
The film was released in theatres in India on 14 November 2020, The film received mixed reviews, who appreciated performance of Santhanam, and humor, but criticized for narration and Kannan's direction and screenplay.
Synopsis
Raja (Santhanam) is the son of a small-time biscuit maker Dharmarajan (Aadukalam Naren). Dharmarajan has a big-time dream to turn their business into a huge brand and make their son Raja head of the company. Unfortunately, Dharmarajan passes away, leaving their friend Narasimhan (Anandaraj) to take over the reins of the business.
Later, Raja becomes a worker in the same company and becomes close to the new occupant Janaki (Sowcar Janaki) in a nursing home. They have a habit of narrating stories. Raja realizes that the myths that they tell them are coming true in their real life. What happens to Raja's dream and how their tales affected their lives forms the rest of the story.
Cast
Santhanam as Rajasimmha
Tara Alisha as Dr. Anitha
Swathi Muppala as Laya
Sowcar Janaki as Janaki Patti
Anandaraj as Narasimhan
Rajendran as Mottappa
Aadukalam Naren as Dharmarajan
Lollu Sabha Manohar as Manohar
Bharath Reddy as Ganesh
Maha Gandhi as Rowdy
Sivasankar as Old man
K. Bujji Babu as Old man
Jeeva as David Billa
Cool Suresh as Kidnapper
Raja Elangovan
Maaran as Ambulance driver
Easter
V. V. Giri as Old man
Elango
Production
Principal photography of the film started in September 2019 coinciding special occasion of Ganesh Chaturthi. The film was shot in Chennai and Hyderabad. The post production of the film was delayed due to COVID-19 pandemic and resumed after government announcement on 11 May 2020.
Soundtrack
This music is composed by Radhan and released by Think Music India.
Release
As per the government guidelines during the Pandemic COVID-19 situation, on 14 November 2020, the film got released in the theatres. It was the first Tamil movie which was added in cinemas after long Pandemic COVID-19 in the country. After two weeks in cinemas, Biskoth movie was released on over the top (OTT) platforms. On Simply South app, it was released on 26 November 2020 while on ZEE Plex it was launched on 1st week in December 2020.
References
External links
Biskoth on ZEE5
Indian comedy films
2020s Tamil-language films
Films shot in Chennai
Films shot in Telangana
Films postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic
2020s parody films
Indian parody films
2020 comedy films
Julián Casanova (born February 1, 1984) is an Argentine ski mountaineer, mountain climber and UIAGM mountain guide.
Casanova was born in San Martín de los Andes, in the North of Patagonia. They now live between Patagonia and the Alps, skiing, climbing and guiding through its agency Patagonia Free
They climbed most of the mythical patagonian peaks as Fitz Roy, Cerro Torre and Torres del Paine.
In 2009, they placed third at the South American Ski Mountaineering Championship.
References
External links
Leonardo Proverbio at SkiMountaineering.org
1984 births
Living people
Argentine male ski mountaineers
Argentine mountain climbers
Mountain guides
People from Neuquén Province
The Six-String Soldiers is a component unit of the United States Army Field Band responsible for performing contemporary American folk music genres, principally including bluegrass and country, as well as acoustic covers of popular songs. Posted to Fort George G. Meade in Maryland, it consists of five performing personnel plus support staff.
History
Activated in May 2014, the ensemble first achieved widespread attention during Boston's February 2015 snowstorm when weather forced it to cancel a planned appearance in that city. The quartet, instead, filmed a video outside their hotel performing George Harrison's "Here Comes the Sun" which quickly accumulated nearly nine million views on Facebook.
Six-String Soldiers has performed with Darryl Worley, Harry Connick Jr., The Irish Rovers, the University of Massachusetts Minuteman Marching Band, and has opened for Creedence Clearwater Revival's John Fogerty. On November 10, 2017 it performed on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange prior to the closing bell and its broadcast appearances have included HLN's Morning Express with Robin Meade, KTLA-TV and WPIX-TV, among others. In 2016, Sports Illustrated'''s Andy Gray called Six-String Soldiers their "new favorite band" for its acoustic cover of "Strawberry Fields Forever".
In 2016 Six-String Soldiers released its first album, which was composed of seven original songs and four covers. The album, I've Been There'', was produced by Bill Kirchen and engineered by Todd Whitelock. It plans a second album release in 2019.
Organization
Posted to Fort George G. Meade in Maryland, the group tours within the United States and internationally to support recruitment efforts by the United States Army and to entertain both deployed Army personnel and patients at United States Department of Veterans Affairs hospitals. It has alternated between four and five members. As of 2018, instrumentation includes guitar, mandolin, banjo, acoustic bass guitar, and fiddle.
See also
Old Guard Fife and Drum Corps
United States Army Band
West Point Band
References
External links
Six-String Soldiers cover of "Ramblin' Man"
Six-String Soldiers cover of "Strawberry Fields Forever"
2014 establishments in the United States
American country music groups
Bands of the United States Army
Babayakup is a village in the District of Polatlı, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Polatlı District
Mohamed Boussaïd (or Boussaid) is a name. People with that name include:
Mohamed Boussaïd (born 1991), Algerian footballer
Mohamed Boussaid (born 1961), Moroccan politician
Boussaid, Mohamed
Ochroconis anomala is a species of fungus of the Ascomycota group described in 2012. It was isolated from the black stains that appeared on the walls of Lascaux Cave in France. The species was discovered along with a closely related O. lascauxensis. The species are regarded as a threat to the prehistoric paintings of the cave.
The fungus was honoured as one of the "Top 10 New Species" discovered in 2012 selected by the International Institute for Species Exploration at Arizona State University among more than 140 nominated species. The uniqueness is its recent emergence and serious threat to the cave painting. The selection was declared on 22 May 2013.
Discovery and description
The Lascaux Cave is a UNESCO World Heritage Site containing Upper Paleolithic paintings that are about 17,000 years old. The cave wall was extensively defaced by an outbreak of a white mould Fusarium solani in 2001. The fungus was considered to have been present in the cave soil, and became exposed and spread particularly by the workers. The invasive species was immediately treated with quicklime and complete control was achieved only in 2004, after regular treatment for three years. Surprisingly, only after four months of initial biocide treatment in 2001, among the white mould appeared some conspicuous black stains, which progressively disseminated on the walls and ceiling of the cave. These black stains were so prominent by 2007 that they became the cave's major problems and threat to the loss of the prehistoric art. The human-pathogenic fungal community was rapidly spreading, mostly due to the cave arthropods. Biocides were again applied since January 2008, but were not effective in annihilating the new fungi; on the contrary, they appeared to increase the fungal diversity. This was obvious because the microbial analysis in 2010 revealed completely different fungal communities. Mycological study in 2012 revealed that the black stains of the cave consisted of two species of fungi belonging to Ochroconis which are not human-pathogenic. Based on morphological and molecular description, the species were named Ochroconis lascauxensis and O. anomala. The spores of O. anomala are elliptical in shape and about 5–8 μm long. The species description was based on the phylogenetic comparison of the transcribed spacer (ITS) and RNA polymerase II subunit B (RPB2) using maximum likelihood method and by applying the Hasegawa–Kishino–Yano model based on a comparison of 1,062 nucleotides. In addition, the cellular fatty acid profiles showed that the development of these species was likely linked to the presence of unusual carbon and nitrogen organic sources provided by the intensive biocide application.
Significance
Ochroconis anomala is a major concern for the conservation of precious rock art at Lascaux. It may eventually lead to complete destruction of the prehistoric painting and abrogation of the cave as an international heritage. The fungus is potentially harmless to human health. A related species, Ochroconis gallopava, causes a disease of poultry.
References
External links
Molecular data at UniProt
Classification at Encyclopedia of Life
Classification at INPN
CNET: The top 10 new species discovered in 2012
Top Ten New Species distribution map
National Geographic: Pictures: Top 10 Newly Discovered Species of 2012
LiveScience: Top Ten New Species
Top 10 Species Gallery
Ascomycota enigmatic taxa
Fungi described in 2012
Fungi of Europe
Royalex is a composite material, comprising an outer layer of vinyl and hard acrylonitrile butadiene styrene plastic (ABS) and an inner layer of ABS foam. The layers are bonded by heat treatment. It was used to manufacture durable, mid-priced canoes.
Development
Royalex is basically a board comprising a 'sandwich' of standard rigid ABS sheets in the core of which is an ABS layer designed to foam/expand during the heating stage prior to vacuum forming. Thus Royalex can be designed to form virtually any finished thickness to suit the end application. One just adds extra sheets. Since ABS has a poor resistance to UV a thin outer layer of UV resistant vinyl is generally included. This can be self-coloured or painted.
ABS is a copolymer of rubber and thermoplastic: Acrylonitrile, butadiene, styrene. It was developed at US Rubber Co's Chicago plant by Bob Pooley and was simply called Royalite. US Rubber was later renamed Uniroyal - a blanket name to encapsulate their worldwide enterprises, which previously had separate names. Later, Bob Pooley and associates continued work on Royalite to introduce a foaming/expandable element. This was accomplished at the Uniroyal plant in Warsaw, Indiana. The resulting product was named Royalex to recognise the expanding core.
Although extremely versatile as well as being very tough, the material was expensive compared to available alternatives. Even so, many industries were attracted to evaluate Royalex. Items produced included Caravans (vacuum formed in two halves) the top was a mirror image of the base so that only one forming tool was required. White Motors introduced a limited run of tractor cabs. A company was formed to produce a repro of the famous 'Coffin nosed' Cord Deusenberg.
Gene Bordinat, Chief Designer at Ford designed a concept car in Royalex in 1965. This resulted in the 'Ford XP Bordinat Cobra'. The writer brought both of these cars to London, England to show at the International Plastics Exhibition and for exposure to the then extensive automotive producers.
Royalex was extremely tough but if hit hard enough could be dented. If this happened such dents could be recovered by applying a hand held hot air gun which re-expanded the core to blow out the dent. The cost, as well as the need to accost a different build technique when using Royalex, mitigated against its acceptance in large scale production and eventually simple canoe bodies became the main product. An additional reason was that following the breakup of the Uniroyal empire, product specialists were lost and there was no longer a team to drive the concept.
Royalex was developed by Uniroyal in the 1970s. In 2000 the Spartech Corporation took over the Uniroyal Royalex Manufacturing Division and secured the rights to manufacture Royalex at their factory in Warsaw, Indiana. In 2013, plastics company PolyOne, of Avon Lake, Ohio purchased Spartech, and decided to shut down Royalex production due to its low volume. The last sheets of Royalex were shipped from the factory in December, 2013. Production will be shut down in April 2014. If another manufacturer does not emerge, existing Royalex canoes in retail outlets may be sold out by 2015. Equivalent materials for canoemakers do not exist as of January 2014.
T-Formex, an equivalent to Royalex, has been developed and is manufactured by the canoe manufacturer Esquif. Canoes in the material are available from Esquif and several other manufacturers, including Swift and Wenonah.
Uses
The best known use of Royalex is for the manufacture of canoe hulls. Royalex is lighter, more resistant to UV damage from sunlight, more rigid and has greater structural memory than non-composite plastics used for this purpose, such as polyethylene. It is also quieter and more user friendly in cold or hot conditions than aluminium, described by canoeist Kent Ford as "noisy, heavy and hot. "Royalex was soft, quiet and slippery on rocks, and not too heavy if you kept the gunwales light,” according to Kent Ford. " Royalex canoes are, however, more expensive than aluminium canoes or canoes made from traditionally molded or roto-molded polyethylene hulls.
Royalex cannot be made as light as fiber-reinforced composites made with Kevlar or carbon fiber, and therefore less suited for high-performance paddling. However, Royalex is cheaper than Kevlar or carbon fiber, with better durability on rocky rivers.
References
External links
, video
For the Canadian Royalite Company (1921-69), see here
Composite materials
Canoeing and kayaking equipment
The 2001–02 season was the 105th season of competitive football in Scotland.
Key events
Celtic, domestic treble winners a year earlier, retain their Premier League title.
After failing to win anything the previous season, Rangers won the Scottish Cup and League Cup under their new manager Alex McLeish.
Airdrieonians, who narrowly missed out on promotion to the Premier League as First Division runners-up, went out of business of 1 May with debts of nearly £3million. Later that month, however, a new club representing the town of Airdrie - Airdrie United - was formed, with ambitions of gaining Scottish league status for the 2002–03 season.
Livingston, in the Premier League for the first time, finished third and qualified for the UEFA Cup. Livingston, who were known as Meadowbank Thistle until relocating from Edinburgh to Livingston in 1995 and played their first season in their new location as a Third Division club.
Falkirk avoided relegation from the First Division and Stenhousemuir avoided relegation from the Second as a result of the league losing a member. The vacant place in the Third Division was occupied by Gretna, who until then had played in the English non-league system.
Despite Gretna beating Airdrie United to the vacant league place, Airdrie United still gained a league place for the 2002–03 season – in the Second Division – as they bought out the debt-ridden club Clydebank.
Queen of the South won the Second Division league title for the first time in 51-years since they won the Division B league title in season 1950–51. These were the only two occasions that the Dumfries club had won a league title in their history, that was up until they won their third ever league title in season 2012–13, when they won the Second Division once again.
League Competitions
Scottish Premier League
The 2001–02 Scottish Premier League was won by Celtic. Rangers finished second and therefore qualified for a UEFA Champions League place alongside Celtic. Livingston, in their debut season in Scotland's top division, qualified for the UEFA Cup along with Aberdeen. St Johnstone were relegated to the First Division.
Scottish First Division
Scottish Second Division
Scottish Third Division
Other honours
Cup honours
Individual honours
SPFA awards
SFWA awards
Scottish clubs in Europe
Average coefficient - 6.625
Scotland national team
Key:
(H) = Home match
(A) = Away match
WCQG6 = World Cup Qualifying - Group 6
See also
2001–02 Aberdeen F.C. season
2001–02 Celtic F.C. season
2001–02 Dundee United F.C. season
2001–02 Rangers F.C. season
Notes
References
External links
Scottish Premier League official website
Scottish Football League official website
BBC Scottish Premier League portal
BBC Scottish Football League portal
Seasons in Scottish football
Società Sportiva Villacidrese Calcio was an Italian association football club located in Villacidro, Sardinia.
Its colors were white and blue.
History
The club was founded in 1979.
From Serie D to Lega Pro Seconda Divisione
Villacidrese finished first in Eccellenza Sardinia in the 1998–99 season, obtaining so its first ever promotion to Serie D. For the next 10 seasons, the team has played in Serie D.
In the Serie D 2008–09 season, the team was ranked first place in Girone G, obtaining so a place in Lega Pro Seconda Divisione for the first time in its history, where it has played in 2009–10 in group A.
From Lega Pro Seconda Divisione to exclusion from football
The club has played its second season of professional football in the girone B of the Lega Pro Seconda Divisione. At the end of the season, the club was relegated to Serie D, also suffering a 13-point deduction.
In summer 2011 it does not appeal against the exclusion of Covisod from this league and it was excluded from all football.
References
External links
Official homepage
Football clubs in Italy
Association football clubs established in 1979
Association football clubs disestablished in 2011
Football clubs in Sardinia
Serie C clubs
1979 establishments in Italy
2011 disestablishments in Italy
Carlos Villarías (7 July 1892 – 27 April 1976) was a Spanish actor who was born in Córdoba, Spain, and died in California, United States. Their most famous role is in the title role of the Spanish-language version of Dracula (1931), with Barry Norton and Lupita Tovar, filmed at night on the same sets as the English-language version starring Bela Lugosi.
Selected filmography
Dracula (1931)
Road of Hell (1931)
The California Trail (1933)
The Mystery of the Ghastly Face (1935)
Mis dos amores (1938)
Frontiers of '49 (1939)
La Inmaculada (1939)
Summer Hotel (1944)
Gran Hotel (1944)
The Museum of Crime (1945)
The Private Life of Mark Antony and Cleopatra (1947)
Adventure in the Night (1948)
Zorina (1949)
Lola Casanova (1949)
References
External links
1892 births
1976 deaths
People from Córdoba, Spain
Spanish male film actors
20th-century Spanish male actors
Spanish male silent film actors
Spanish emigrants to the United States
Javier Pérez Polo (born 11 October 1996) is a Spanish taekwondo athlete. They won the gold medal at the 2018 Mediterranean Games on the Men's 68 kg weight category.
They represented Spain at the 2020 Summer Olympics in the men's 68 kg weight category.
They won the gold medal in the men's 68 kg event at the 2022 Mediterranean Games held in Oran, Algeria.
References
External links
Spanish male taekwondo practitioners
Living people
1996 births
Mediterranean Games gold medalists for Spain
Mediterranean Games medalists in taekwondo
Competitors at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
Competitors at the 2022 Mediterranean Games
World Taekwondo Championships medalists
Taekwondo practitioners at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic taekwondo practitioners of Spain
Samoa (or Western Samoa until 1996) first participated at the Olympic Games in 1984, and has sent athletes to compete in every Summer Olympic Games since then. The nation has never participated in the Winter Olympic Games.
The National Olympic Committee for Samoa was created in 1983 and recognized by the International Olympic Committee that same year.
Samoa was retroactively awarded its first medal at the 2008 Games in Beijing after originally finishing fourth in the women's +75 kg category in weightlifting, as the silver and bronze medallists were stripped of their medals in 2016 for doping.
Medal tables
Medals by Summer Games
Medals by sport
As of the 2016 Summer Olympics
List of medalists
See also
List of flag bearers for Samoa at the Olympics
Samoa at the Paralympics
External links
Jean Hogarth Harvey Baker (born February 9, 1933) is an American historian and professor emerita at Goucher College, where they were the Bennett-Hartwood Professor of History. Baker was a National Endowment for the Humanities fellow in 1982.
Early life and education
Jean Hogarth Harvey Baker was born in Baltimore, Maryland on February 9, 1933 to Rose Lindsay Hopkins and insurance agent F. Barton Harvey. They received their B.A. from Goucher College in 1961 and their M.A. from The Johns Hopkins University in 1965 alongside fellow historian David Herbert Donald. They completed their Ph.D. from The Johns Hopkins University in 1971.
Career
Baker was an instructor of history at Notre Dame of Maryland University from 1967 to 1969. They began their career at Goucher College as an instructor in 1969. They worked as an assistant professor at Goucher (1969–1975) before becoming an associate professor of history (1975–1978). In 1979, they were made a full professor of history until 1982, when they became the Elizabeth Todd Professor of History. In 1979, they were an editor for the Maryland Historical Magazine, a publication of the Maryland Historical Society. As of 2018, Baker is a professor emerita at Goucher College and the Bennett-Hartwood Professor of History. They also taught courses at the Maryland Correctional Institution - Jessup (MCI-J) as part of the Goucher Prison Education Partnership. Baker was a visiting professor at Harvard College.
Baker is a member of the Organization of American Historians, the American Historical Association, Berkshire Conference of Women Historians, and Phi Beta Kappa.
Them books have received positive reviews.
Baker played an important role in advocating for increased recognition of the role of women in society. In their experience, women were frequently excluded from historical and academic narratives. The Women's Movement empowered Baker to explore these deficits. They wrote stories on suffragists including Lucy Stone, Susan B. Anthony, Elizabeth Cady Stanton, Alice Paul, and Frances Willard. The New York Times lauded Baker's work as "wider in scope than previous work and making use of sophisticated feminist historical and sociological scholarship." In anticipation of the hundredth anniversary of the Nineteenth Amendment, Baker was featured in WYPR's Beyond the Ballot program that features "the contributions of extraordinary Maryland women."
Bibliography
Some of their books are:
Mary Todd Lincoln: A Biography
James Buchanan (The American Presidents, #15)
Sisters: The Lives of America's Suffragists
Margaret Sanger: A Life of Passion
Votes for Women: The Struggle for Suffrage Revisited
The Stevensons: A Biography of an American Family
Affairs Of Party: The Political Culture Of Northern Democrats In The Mid Nineteenth Century
The Politics Of Continuity: Maryland Political Parties From 1858 To 1870
Ambivalent Americans: The Know-Nothing Party in Maryland
Additional books, publications, and writings:
Building America: The Life of Benjamin Henry Latrobe
Lincoln and New York (with Harold Holzer)
The Lincoln Marriage: Beyond the Battle of Quotations
Mary and Abraham: A Marriage (In: The Lincoln Enigma: The Changing Faces of an American Icon )
"Not Much of Me": Abraham Lincoln as a Typical American*
Parallel Lives: Abraham and Mary Lincoln
The South Has Been Wronged: James Buchanan and the Secession Crisis (In: James Buchanan and the Coming of the Civil War )
Women and the U.S. Constitution, 1776-1920
Awards and honors
In 1976, Baker was elected an American Council of Learned Societies fellow. In 1979, they won a faculty teaching prize at Goucher College. They were a National Endowment for the Humanities fellow in 1982 and won the Berkshire Prize in History in 1983 for their book Affairs of Party: The Political Culture of Northern Democrats in the Mid-Nineteenth Century. Baker won the Willie Lee Rose prize in Southern History in 1989. They were a 1991 Newberry Library fellow.
Personal life
Baker lives in Baltimore. On September 12, 1953, they married Ralph Robinson Baker, a surgeon and professor at Johns Hopkins University. They have four children, Susan Dixon, Robinson Scott, Robert Walker, Jean Harvey. Baker is a Democrat and an Episcopalian, and enjoys playing tennis and swimming. As a hobby, Baker reads mystery stories.
References
External links
1933 births
20th-century American Episcopalians
20th-century American historians
20th-century American women writers
21st-century American Episcopalians
21st-century American historians
21st-century American women writers
American biographers
American military historians
American women biographers
American women historians
Fellows of the National Endowment for the Humanities
Goucher College alumni
Goucher College faculty and staff
Harvard College faculty
Johns Hopkins University alumni
Living people
Maryland Democrats
Notre Dame of Maryland University
Writers from Baltimore
Maria Vergés Pérez (born ?) is a Spanish Aranese politician and musician, currently serving as the Síndic d'Aran, the head of government of Val d'Aran, since October 2020.
A member of the Unity of Aran party, they served as the Director of Culture and Language Policy during the first government of Síndic d'Aran from 2007 to 2011.
Vergés entered the plenary session of the Conselh Generau d'Aran, the governing body of the Val d'Aran, since winning a seat in the 2019 Aranese Council election representing the constituency of the region. They held the position of Vice Síndic d'Aran until they were elected Síndic d'Aran on 19 October 2020 following the resignation of their predecessor, Francis Boya, who left office to become general secretary of the Ministry for the Ecological Transition and the Demographic Challenge (MITECO) within the Spanish government. They formed a new Aranese government on November 23 of the same year, becoming the third woman to hold the office of Síndic d'Aran after Maria Pilar Busquets and Amparo Serrano Iglesias.
Outside of politics, Vergés is a member of the Aranese dialect band, Bramatopin.
References
Living people
Date of birth unknown
Year of birth unknown
Síndics d'Aran
Members of the Conselh Generau d'Aran
Unity of Aran politicians
Aranese politicians
Aranese women in politics
Women politicians from Catalonia
21st-century Spanish women politicians
Occitan musicians
Occitan-speaking people
Sugandha Shaktipeeth (), a temple of the Goddess Sunanda, is located in the village of Shikarpur, 10 miles north of Barisal, in Bangladesh. This Hindu temple is one of the Shakti Peethas.
The main festival is Shiva-Chaturdashi (on the 14th moon of March).
The Temple as a Shakti Peeth
The mythology of Daksha yaga and Sati's self immolation had immense significance in shaping the ancient Sanskrit literature and even had impact on the culture of India. It led to the development of the concept of Shakti Peethas and there by strengthening Shaktism. Enormous mythological stories in puranas took the Daksha yaga as the reason for its origin. It is an important incident in Shaivism resulting in the emergence of Shree Parvati in the place of Sati Devi and making Shiva a grihastashrami (householder) leading to the origin of Ganapathy and Subrahmanya.
Shakti Peethas are shrines or divine places of the Mother Goddess. These are places that are believes to have enshrined with the presence of Shakti due to the falling of body parts of the corpse of Sati Devi, when Lord Shiva carried it and wandered throughout Aryavartha in sorrow. There are 51 Shakti Peeth linking to the 51 alphabets in Sanskrit. Each temple have shrines for Shakti and Kalabhairava and mostly the temple associates different names to Shakti and Kalabhairava in that temple.
Legend
Sati, was the first wife of Shiva as the first incarnation of Parvati. They were the daughter of King Daksha and Queen (the daughter of Brahma). They committed self-immolation at the sacrificial fire of a yagna performed by their father Daksha as they felt seriously distraught by their father's insult of their husband and also to them by not inviting both of them for the yagna. Shiva was so grieved after hearing of the death of their wife that they danced around the world in a Tandav Nritya (“devastating penance” or dance of destruction) carrying Sati's dead body over their shoulders. Perturbed by this situation and in order to bring Shiv to a state of normalcy, it was then Vishnu who decided to use their Sudarshan Chakra (the rotating knife s carried on their finger tip). They dismembered Sati's body with the chakra into several pieces and wherever their body fell on the earth, the place was consecrated as a divine shrine oo Shakthi Peeth with deities of Sati (Parvati) and Shiva. These locations have become famous pilgrimage places as Pithas or Shakthi Pithas, and are found scattered all over the subcontinent including Pakistan, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka and Nepal, apart from India. Sati is also known as Devi or Shakthi, and with blessings of Vishnu they were reborn as the daughter of Himavat or Himalayas and hence named as Parvati (daughter of mountains). They were born on the 14th day of the bright half of the month of Mrigashīrsha, which marks the Shivarathri (Shiva's night) festival.
References
Shakti Peethas
Hindu temples in Barisal district
Hindu pilgrimage sites in Bangladesh
Tricholaema is a bird genus in the African barbet family Lybiidae. It was formerly included with the New World barbets in the family Capitonidae and sometimes also in the Ramphastidae.
The genus Tricholaema was introduced by the French brothers Jules and Édouard Verreaux in 1855 with the hairy-breasted barbet (Tricholaema hirsuta) as the type species. The generic name combines the Ancient Greek thrix meaning hair and laimos meaning "throat".
The genus contains the following six species:
References
Bird genera
Barbets
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Chao Phraya Sky Park () is an elevated, linear park in Bangkok, built on the central viaduct that used to be the structure of the failed Lavalin Skytrain project. The path, which is about 280 meters in length, was designed by Urban Design and Development Center, Chulalongkorn University, and opened in June 2020. The Sky Park is considered the first sky park in Southeast Asia.
History
This viaduct was the site of the construction of the Lavalin Skytrain project, which was the first electric train line of Bangkok. The construction route had been studied since 1979 until the construction contract was signed in 1990. After only 2 years, Lavalin Company was facing financial problems so the project had to be abandoned, leaving only the bridge. Subsequently, Bangkok Metropolitan Administration teamed up with the Urban Design and Development Center (UDDC), as well as the Office of the Health Promotion Fund and Chulalongkorn University to develop the landscape in the Kudi Chin area to the Khlong San area.
Therefore, there developed a project to renovate the remains of this abandoned viaduct to be a public park in the middle of the river. It was designed by N7A, in charge of architecture, and LandProces,s in charge of landscape architecture, which was originally named Phra Prajadhipok Bridge Sky Park. It was later forwarded to Bangkok in 2018 by SGR Company, which bid for the project at a price of 122 million baht. The project was constructed in March 2019 and the contract expired in March 2020. Bangkok Metropolitan Administration organized a contest to name this park in the middle of the river again. The name that won the contest was "Chao Phraya Sky Park" and the park officially opened on June 25, 2020.
Location
The Chao Phraya Sky Park located in the middle between 2 lanes of Phra Pok Klao Bridge.
Chao Phraya Sky Park places
Designed to be walkways and bike paths across Chao Phraya river - There are walkways and bicycle paths with a length of about 280 meters and a width of 8.50 meters, with railings 2-3 meters high, including an elevator for the disabled and the elderly who use the service so that everyone can use the service thoroughly.
Cultivate a wide variety of plants - There are green areas along the walkway as well by choosing plants suitable for the weather of Bangkok. The water olive tree is the main perennial plant and many other plant species such as variegated leaves, oleander, purpura, stingrays, and crocuses, adding green spaces and trees to the city, as well as plants on the sky garden are also beneficial to insects and the overall ecosystem.
360-degree view of Chao Phraya River - When it is a floating park on the Chao Phraya River will have to witness the beauty of the surrounding scenery of the city's main river By dividing the viewpoint into 3 points, consisting of Lan Arun Rung, Jai Chao Phraya and Lan Tawan Ron to promote it as a tourist attraction and is a new landmark of Bangkok lively and has meaning for the old city on both sides of the Chao Phraya River attracted both Thai and foreign tourists.
Take a walking tour from the Sky Garden - When the Chao Phraya Sky Garden has connected the traffic between the Thonburi side and the Phra Nakhon side and connect the area and promote the landscape of Kudi Chin-Khlong San area connects Bangkok Forest Park Phra Pok Klao Bridge to the King Prajadhipok Park, Phra Nakhon District, continues until the canal area around Rattanakosin and other districts, allowing us to walk to other places in close distance as well, such as the General Post Office, Memorial Bridge, Wat Prayurawongsawat, Santa Cruz Church and the Kudi Chin community.
References
Parks in Bangkok
Elevated parks
2020 establishments in Thailand
Khlong San district
The men's 3000 metres steeplechase at the 1978 European Athletics Championships was held in Prague, then Czechoslovakia, at Stadion Evžena Rošického on 1 and 3 September 1978.
Medalists
Results
Final
3 September
Heats
1 September
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 32 athletes from 16 countries participated in the event.
(1)
(1)
(3)
(1)
(2)
(1)
(2)
(1)
(3)
(3)
(3)
(2)
(3)
(1)
(2)
(3)
References
3000 metres steeplechase
Steeplechase at the European Athletics Championships
Sorghum timorense, commonly known as Downs sorghum, is an annual tropical Asian and Australasian grass native to the island of Timor, and Australia in the northern portions of the states of Northern Territory, Queensland, and Western Australia (flourishing in regions from Kimberley to Pilbara).
Description
Culms (30–300 cm long × 7–13mm in diameter) are upright or abruptly bent, smooth or lightly frosted with powdery granules, but softly hairy to bearded at the nodes, with few lateral branches. Roots are not nodal, but may be partially above the soil level, somewhat propping the plant up. Leaf sheaths are either hairless or minutely pubescent, sometimes lacking oral hairs, or bearded. Ligule (1.3–3.5mm long) lacks cilia. Smooth, or lightly haired leaf-blades (30–60 cm long × 5–10mm wide) can be either straight, or curled, terminating into a thread-like form. If blade's surface has hairs, they arise from minute bumps (tubercles). The inflorescence is composed of a bunching, or slackly open panicle (15–40 cm long), with branches that each terminate in a single raceme. The panicle axis is smooth. Panicle branches are angular, or flat, appear to be covered with minute scabs, and are shaggy with long, weak hairs, and have enlarged pulvini; they are glabrous or bearded in the axils, and hairy at the tips. The primary branch of the panicle (2–11 cm long) lacks branchlets. Racemes bear only a few fertile spikelets (two to 10 fertile spikelets per raceme). Main stems (5–6 mm long between nodes) are straight, have cilia on their margins, break easily at the nodes, and end in an abrupt, slanting tip.
References
External links
GrassBase page for Sorghum timorense
Photo from FloraBase
timorense
Poales of Australia
Flora of East Timor
Flora of the Northern Territory
Flora of Queensland
Angiosperms of Western Australia
Plants described in 1830
Çırpan is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
"Hello" is a song by Australian DJs and producers Stafford Brothers, which features Young Money Entertainment's Lil Wayne and Christina Milian. It was released as a single in the United States on 18 December 2012, and Australia on 4 January 2013.
The single was certified double platinum in Australia and hit number 1 on the Australian artist singles chart, dance chart, club chart and iTunes dance chart. It peaked at number 4 on the overall singles chart, spending 20 weeks inside the top 50. A remix package was released internationally on Beatport in which two of the remixes reached number 1 in their respective genres. "Hello" was the Stafford Brothers' first US release.
Music video
The video for "Hello" was released on the Stafford Brothers' VEVO account on 24 May 2013. The video features Christina Milian and Lil Wayne, and was directed by Yasha Malekzad.
The setting is a pool party and features both Milian and Lil Wayne along with blow-up and real kangaroos.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certification
Accolades
"Hello" was nominated for Song of the Year at the 2013 ARIA Music Awards; however, it lost to "Resolution" by Matt Corby.
References
2012 debut singles
2012 songs
2013 singles
Cash Money Records singles
Christina Milian songs
Lil Wayne songs
Songs written by Alex James (songwriter)
Songs written by Christina Milian
Songs written by Harry Sommerdahl
Songs written by Whitney Phillips
Stafford Brothers songs
Moloko may refer to:
The Moloko language
Moloko Plus, a fictional drink in the book A Clockwork Orange
Moloko, an electronic/pop duo from Sheffield, England
Moloko Temo, an African woman, a longevity claimant
Moloko, a sheep marionette in ITV Meridian children's TV programme The Ark (2001–2004)
Moloko, a song by Ukrainian singer Loboda
The 30th Guldbagge Awards ceremony, presented by the Swedish Film Institute, honored the best Swedish films of 1994, and took place on 30 January 1995. A Pizza in Jordbro directed by Rainer Hartleb was presented with the award for Best Film.
Winner and nominees
Awards
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface.
References
External links
Official website
Guldbaggen on Facebook
Guldbaggen on Twitter
30th Guldbagge Awards at Internet Movie Database
1995 in Swedish cinema
1994 film awards
Guldbagge Awards ceremonies
1990s in Stockholm
January 1995 events in Europe
The Giants–Patriots rivalry is a National Football League (NFL) rivalry between the New York Giants and the New England Patriots. The Patriots currently lead the all-time series 7–6. The two teams met in the Super Bowl twice, both won by the Giants. They play in different conferences (the Giants as a member of the NFC East, and the Patriots as a member of the AFC East), and thus they only meet once every four regular seasons and occasionally in the preseason. This rivalry sparked debates among sports fans in Boston and New York City, evoking comparisons to the fierce Yankees–Red Sox rivalry in Major League Baseball.
History
1970s–1990s: The Beginning
The two teams first met twice in the 1970s, splitting both meetings. However, the roots of the rivalry originated from Bill Parcells, who was head coach of the Giants from 1983 to 1990. Parcells' staff featured defensive coordinator Bill Belichick, the future Patriots head coach who joined the team alongside Parcells in 1979. In 1988, future Giants head coach Tom Coughlin joined the team as a wide receivers coach. Both Belichick and Coughlin were on Parcells' staff when the Giants won Super Bowl XXV (a.k.a. the Wide Right game) following the 1990 season. That 1990 season also saw the Giants hand the Patriots their 14th consecutive defeat. In Week 17 at New England, the Giants defeated the Patriots 13–10 to send New England to a franchise-worst 1–15 season, and a winless home campaign.
Parcells left the Giants following the Super Bowl victory, but in 1993, they took over as the Patriots head coach. In their fourth season, Parcells led the Patriots to a berth in Super Bowl XXXI, with Belichick returning as an assistant coach following a five-year stint as head coach of the Cleveland Browns. Along the way, the Patriots clinched a first-round bye in Week 17 by overcoming a 22–3 fourth quarter deficit to defeat the Giants 23–22. Meanwhile, Coughlin earned their first head coaching job with the Jacksonville Jaguars in the 1995 season, and then guided the second-year franchise to the AFC Championship game. However, the Patriots defeated the Jaguars to advance to the Super Bowl, where they lost to the Green Bay Packers. After the season, both Parcells and Belichick left to join the rival New York Jets, while Coughlin remained as the Jaguars head coach until 2002.
2000s–2010s: Tom Brady vs. Eli Manning
In 2000, Belichick became the Patriots head coach, and the following season, promoted Tom Brady to starting quarterback. This era would produce six Super Bowl championships for the Patriots, but also oversaw three defeats in the title game. In the 2004 season, Coughlin was hired by the Giants as head coach, and by the middle of the season, promoted Eli Manning to starter.
The first meeting between Brady and Eli Manning came in the final week of the 2007 season. New England entered the game holding a 15–0 record and were attempting to finish the regular season undefeated. Meanwhile, the Giants won a wild-card spot and had nothing to play for. However, New York played their starters throughout in an attempt to spoil the Patriots' perfect season. In the end, New England won the game 38–35 to finish 16–0, with Brady connecting for a then-record 50th touchdown pass to Randy Moss.
The Patriots met the Giants again in Super Bowl XLII in an attempt to finish with a 19–0 season. However, in one of the greatest upsets in NFL history, the Giants defeated the Patriots 17–14 to win the championship. With the Patriots leading 14–10 late in the fourth quarter, Manning generated a key go-ahead scoring drive, highlighted by the now-famous Helmet Catch to David Tyree. The winning points were scored on a touchdown pass to Plaxico Burress, and the Giants defense forced the Patriots into a turnover on downs on their final possession.
The two teams faced each other again in Super Bowl XLVI during the 2011 season. Along the way, the Giants dealt the Patriots one of their three defeats in the regular season, winning 24–20 in New England. Much like their previous Super Bowl meeting, the game was tightly contested and had a signature moment as well, with Manning connecting to Mario Manningham late in the fourth quarter just as their toes barely stepped inbounds. The winning points of the game were scored on an uncontested touchdown run by Ahmad Bradshaw, and the Patriots' attempt at a Hail Mary touchdown in the closing seconds fell incomplete.
The final meeting between Brady and Eli Manning occurred during the 2015 season. In another close contest, the Patriots barely won 27–26, with kicker Stephen Gostkowski clinching the game on a last-second field goal. The season was also Coughlin's last with the Giants as they retired following the season. Though Manning would retire following the 2019 season, they did not play in the Giants' 35–14 blowout loss to the Patriots that season, which was also Brady's last before joining the Tampa Bay Buccaneers the following offseason.
Overall, Eli Manning owned a 3–2 all-time record against Tom Brady, buoyed by the two Super Bowl victories. In the regular season, neither quarterback managed to win on their home field, with Manning defeating Brady in their only meeting at Gillette Stadium in 2011 and Brady winning at Giants Stadium in 2007 and MetLife Stadium in 2015. This rivalry, similar to the matchup between Brady and Eli's brother Peyton, featured close contests and memorable moments between the two quarterbacks, even though Eli finished with generally inferior stats than Brady all-time.
Game results
|-
|
| style="|Giants 16–0
| Harvard Stadium
| Giants 1–0
|
|-
|
| style="|Patriots 28–20
| Yale Bowl
| Tie 1–1
|
|-
|
|style="|Giants 17–10
| Giants Stadium
| Giants 2–1
|
|-
|-
|
| style="|Giants 13–10
| Foxboro Stadium
| Giants 3–1
| Giants win Super Bowl XXV.
|-
|
| style="|Patriots 23–22
| Giants Stadium
| Giants 3–2
| Patriots rally from 22–3 deficit, earn first-round bye with this win. Patriots lose Super Bowl XXXI.
|-
|
|style="|Patriots 16–14
| Foxboro Stadium
| Tie 3–3
|
|-
|-
|
|style="|Patriots 17–6
| Gillette Stadium
| Patriots 4–3
| First start in the series for Tom Brady. Patriots take first lead in the series. Patriots win Super Bowl XXXVIII.
|-
|
|style="|
| Giants Stadium
| Patriots 5–3
| First start in the series for Eli Manning. Patriots clinch 16–0 regular season.
|-
! 2007 playoffs
!style="|Giants 17–14
! University of Phoenix Stadium
! Patriots 5–4
! Super Bowl XLII. Giants end Patriots' quest for unbeaten season. Eli Manning's pass to David Tyree in the fourth quarter became known as the Helmet Catch.
|-
|-
|
| style="|Giants 24–20
| Gillette Stadium
| Tie 5–5
|
|-
! 2011 playoffs
! style="|Giants 21–17
! Lucas Oil Stadium
! Giants 6–5
! Super Bowl XLVI.
|-
|
| style="| Patriots 27–26
| MetLife Stadium
| Tied 6–6
| Final start in the series for Eli Manning.
|-
|
| style="| Patriots 35–14
| Gillette Stadium
| Patriots 7–6
| The Largest margin of victory in the series. Final start in the series for Tom Brady. Eli Manning's final NFL season.
|-
|-
|
| TBD
| MetLife Stadium
|
|
|-
|-
| Regular season
| style="|
| Patriots 4–1
| Tie 3–3
|
|-
| Postseason
| style="|
| N/A
| N/A
| Super Bowls XLII and XLVI.
|-
| Regular and postseason
| style="|
| Patriots 4–1
| Tie 3–3
| Giants are 2–0 at neutral site games
|-
See also
Jets–Patriots rivalry
Yankees–Red Sox rivalry
Celtics–Knicks rivalry
National Football League rivalries
Notes and references
National Football League rivalries
New York Giants
New England Patriots
Gaetano Ciancio is an Italian American surgeon at the University of Miami who specializes in kidney transplant.  They are the chief medical and academic officer of the Miami Transplant Institute and the director of its Kidney & Kidney-Pancreas Programs. Their most significant contributions to medicine are related to surgically treating kidney cancer once it has spread to the inferior vena cava and in optimizing the immunosuppression protocol after kidney transplant.
Life
Ciancio was born on June 15, 1956 in Roccapiemonte, Italy. They received their Doctor of Medicine from Central University of Venezuela, then completed their residency at Jackson Memorial Hospital, followed by completing a fellowship in multiorgan transplant surgery.
Research
Large Kidney Tumors
Ciancio developed techniques for the surgical resection of large kidney tumors. Their results demonstrated that by performing a liver mobilization, urological oncologists could avoid a thoracic incision in many patients
Inferior Vena Cava Thrombectomy
Building on the techniques described for resecting large renal tumors, Ciancio adapted their liver mobilization technique to address retrohepatic or even suprahepatic inferior vena caval thrombus associated with renal tumors.
Together with their long time collaborator Mark Soloway, they published a step-by-step guide toward resecting renal cell carcinoma with associated inferior vena cava thrombus.
Immunosuppression
Ciancio helped develop and popularize alternative immunosuppression regimens which successfully lowered the dose of immunosuppressants without increasing organ rejection.
Reconstruction During Kidney Transplant
During kidney transplantation, the most common arterial reconstruction is for a single renal artery to be anastomosed to the external iliac artery. Ciancio has popularized several techniques for dealing with anatomical variations, including the usage of the inferior epigastric artery to anastomose to a small upper-pole artery.
Additionally, Ciancio has been part of the Miami Transplant Team that developed the bladder patch technique, where for various indications the kidney together with the ureter and some amount of donor bladder are transplanted en-bloc.
Pancreatic Transplantation
Together with George Burke, Ciancio has made contributions to the field of pancreas transplantations both regarding management of surgical complications and immunosuppression strategies, including publishing a technique for thrombectomy for complete venous thrombosis of the transplanted pancreas.
Awards and honors
In 2013, they served as President of the Urologic Society for Transplantation and Renal Surgery. They were knighted in Italy by Sergio Mattarella and is a member of the Order of Merit of the Italian Republic
Bibliography
 They are an author or co-author of 2 books, 30 book chapters and over 388 peer-reviewed articles published in medical journals for topics involving the field of solid organ transplantation and urologic oncology.
References
Italian transplant surgeons
American medical academics
American urologists
1956 births
Living people
Central University of Venezuela alumni
People from Campania
Italian emigrants to the United States
American transplant surgeons
University of Miami faculty
The Bucellarian Theme (, Boukellarion thema), more properly known as the Theme of the Bucellarians (, thema Boukellariōn) was a Byzantine theme (a military-civilian province) in northern Asia Minor (modern Turkey). It was created around the middle of the 8th century, comprising most of the ancient region of Paphlagonia and parts of Galatia and Phrygia.
History
The theme was established sometime after 743 and before 767 by the Emperor Constantine V (r. 741–775), following the suppression of the revolt of Artabasdos, the Count of the Opsikion. The new theme, along with that of the Optimatoi was split off from the Opsikion as formed part of the Emperor's policy to reduce the latter's power. The name of the theme derives from the late Roman Bucellarii, elite cavalry troops of Gothic or Roman origin, often found as privately recruited bodyguard troops. By the early 7th century, they formed an elite division in the Opsikion field force, coming under a domestikos before their elevation to a full theme. The strategos of the Bucellarians is attested for the first time in 767, providing a terminus ante quem for its creation. Their headquarters were at Ancyra, the former capital of Opsikion, and they belonged to the second tier of strategoi with an annual salary of 30 pounds of gold. According to Arab geographers, they commanded some 8,000 troops. The court ranks of the Bucellarian strategoi ranged from the mid-level spatharios to the higher protospatharios, with a single occurrence of the more exalted patrikios in the 10th century. Claudiopolis is the only attested base of one of the theme's tourmai. Despite it being originally a cavalry theme (thema kaballarikon), the Bucellarians, as well as the later Paphlagonian theme, also included a small fleet, active in the Black Sea. The "katepano of the Bucellarians and the Paphlagonians", whose seal is attested in the 10th century, was the commander of this naval contingent. However, evidence points to the fact that the 10th-century fleet was composed of merchantmen and transport ships, not warships.
Initially, the theme stretched from the Black Sea coast to the central Anatolian plateau, bordering the Optimatoi and the rump of the Opsikion in the west, the Anatolic theme in the south, and the Armeniac theme in the east. In the 9th century, however, probably c. 820, the northeastern half of the theme was detached and formed, perhaps with some territory from the Armeniac theme, the new theme of Paphlagonia. Its extent was further reduced under Emperor Leo VI the Wise (r. 886–912), when eight southern and southeastern bandas were removed to form part of the new themes of Cappadocia (around Lake Tuz) and Charsianon (east of the Halys River). In the 9th century, it comprised two towns and thirteen fortresses, while five towns are recorded in the 10th century. The theme survived until it was overrun by the Seljuk Turks following the Battle of Manzikert in 1071. The name Boukellariōn, however, survived as a geographical designation in Byzantine sources up until 1263.
References
Sources
Further reading
States and territories established in the 8th century
Byzantine Paphlagonia
Themes of the Byzantine Empire
Thamballapalle is a village and Mandal headquarters in Annamayya district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. Horsey Hills is a famous hill station which is located in this mandal. The Famous Indian Boarding School "Rishi Valley School" located in this mandal. Famous Hindu Shiva temples like "Mallayya Konda" is located in Thamballapalle. During shiva Rathri lakh's of devotees visit this temple .
Thamballapalle Constituency is a constituency of Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly, India. It is one of the constituencies in Annamayya district. It has great political history, which constitutes many significant leaders involve.
History
As the Tambalas, the pujaris of Lord Mallikarjuna Swamy were residing here in the beginning, this village goes by the name Tamballapalle. Lord Mallikharjuna Swamy temple (on the Mallayyakonda alias Indra Keeladri Parvatham) with Their image in the form of Sivalingam, Lord Kodanda Rama Swamy temple and Goddess Gangamma's temple are the places of worship in this place. Lord Mallikharjuna Swamy Sivarathrostavam is celebrated for ten days from Magha Bahula Triodasi (January-February). The next day after Sivaratri childless women worship the Lord for children. After begetting children they fulfill their vows by performing the tonsure of the child - puttu vendrukalu at the temple and 'chevulu kuttuta' (ear boring). Fasting, jaagaram and feasts are observed during Sivaratri and on all Mondays in Karthikam (October, November). This is being celebrated since the origin of the temple and is extended Mysore and Tamil Nadu states also. The villagers patronize the festival. Many devotees from distant parts of this State, Karnataka and Tamil Nadu states congregate. Only Hindus participate in this festival.
A cattle fair is held in an area of 10 acres. Taxes are collected. Many people take part in it.
Demographics
As of 2011 Census of India, the Village had a population of 8,416 and 4,100 males, 4,316 females and 841 children, in the age group of 0–6 years. The average literacy rate stands at 67.16% with 5652 literates.
References
Mandal headquarters in Annamayya district
Villages in Annamayya district
https://www.mallayyakonda.com/
İslamlar, Elmalı is a village in the District of Elmalı, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Elmalı District
The 2014 Grand Prix Cycliste de Montréal was the fifth edition of the Grand Prix Cycliste de Montréal, a single-day professional bicycle road race. It was held on 14 September 2014, over a distance of , starting and finishing in Montréal. It was the 26th event of the 2014 UCI World Tour season. The race is one of the only two events which are part of the World Tour calendar in North America, the other one being the 2014 Grand Prix Cycliste de Québec contested two days earlier.
Teams
As the Grand Prix Cycliste de Montréal was a UCI World Tour event, all 18 UCI ProTeams were invited automatically and obligated to send a squad. A Canadian national squad also competed in the race, and as such, forming the event's 19-team peloton.
The 19 teams that competed in the race were:
Canada (national team) †
Course
The race consisted of 17 laps of a circuit in length, and followed the same path as the 2011 edition. The circuit, around the main campus of the Université de Montréal, was well-suited for climbers and punchers with three climbs per lap. The finish was on an uphill climb with a small gradient of 4%, that was located on Avenue du Parc. There was a sharp, 180 degrees bend to the right situated 500 meters away from the line. The total vertical climb of the race was 3,893 meters. The major difficulties were:
Kilometre 2: Côte Camilien-Houde: 1,8 kilometres, average gradient of 8%
Kilometre 6: Côte de la Polytechnque: 780 metres, average gradient of 6% with a pass of 200 metres at 11%
Kilometre 11: Avenue du Parc: 560 metres, average gradient of 4%
Results
References
External links
2014
2014 UCI World Tour
Grand Prix Cycliste de Montreal
2014 in Quebec
The George D.D. Huie Grocery Store Building is a historic commercial building at 1400 North Pine Street in North Little Rock, Arkansas. It has a single-story front section with a gable roof, which housed the retail space, with a two-story rear section used as the proprietor's residence. This buff brick building was built by George Huie, a Chinese immigrant, in 1949 on the site of a store they had operated since 1938. The store is historically important for its role in the growth and development of the local Chinese community, and for its service to the historically African-American neighborhood in which it stands. It presently houses a small museum.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Pulaski County, Arkansas
References
Commercial buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas
Buildings and structures in North Little Rock, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places in Pulaski County, Arkansas
Grocery store buildings
Retail buildings in Arkansas
Chinese-American history
Museums in Pulaski County, Arkansas
History museums in Arkansas
The Main Street Bridge in Columbus, Ohio is a , three-span, inclined tied arch bridge over the Scioto River. The bridge is the first in North America and the fifth in the world to use an inclined single-rib-tied arch superstructure. The final cost for the bridge was $60.1 million. It carries Main Street (U.S. Route 62 and Ohio State Route 3) northwest from Downtown Columbus into Franklinton, splitting into Rich and Starling Streets just west of the bridge.
History
The original Main Street bridge was a multiple-span, art-deco open-spandrel concrete deck arch bridge, built in 1937. After years of degradation due to weather and traffic, the bridge was deemed unfit for use and closed in 2002.
Wanting an iconic structure to replace the old bridge, the city of Columbus contracted Dr. Spiro Pollalis, professor of design technology and management at the Harvard University Graduate School of Design to design the bridge. Their design, altered slightly for budget reasons, opened for traffic on July 30, 2010.
When the former bridge closed, engineers estimated that a replacement would cost approximately $19.5 million. However, by 2004, estimates climbed $29.5 million. When planners received construction bids in 2006, the lowest was $44.1 million. Cost overruns, design changes and inspections added another $10 million to the structure's final cost.
Design
Arch
The original concept of the Main Street bridge was far more complex and costly than the final design. Initially, the bridge called for a very shallow 10:1 span-to-rise ratio for the main arch, creating significant axial and bending forces. To accommodate the excess forces, the design called for expensive, high-strength concrete and steel to support the bridge. Because of the high cost of materials and construction of such a span, the design of the arch was revised to a 6.6:1 span-to-rise ratio, making the main arch taller and decreasing its length from to . This design change was expected to allow for cheaper materials and save over of steel while keeping the ten-degree incline that makes the bridge unique.
Bridge deck
The bridge surface is composed of two separate decks, a wide vehicular deck carrying two lanes of eastbound traffic, one lane of westbound traffic, and a wide pedestrian deck on the opposite side of the arch from the vehicular deck and slightly elevated. While the redesign of the original concept altered the deck supports, the actual construction of the decks changed only slightly to accommodate the new design.
L-struts
The Main Street bridge also calls for thirteen L-struts, which would attach the arch to the bridge deck. Their original design used tapering geometries which were different for each strut. Creating, designing and testing thirteen distinct struts would have been cost-prohibitive, so engineers simplified the designs to reduce costs. While the aesthetics of the original design changed because of the more uniform strut design, they are similarly appealing and reduce the components' weight by over .
Piers
The final redesign of the Main street bridge was of the piers. The original design called for two 'V-piers', formed by the convergence of the main arch and the secondary arches on either side. This design proved to be nearly impossible to make structurally sound forcing engineers to simplify the piers. To do so they created a 'crescent pier' shape, which removes the two smaller arches on either end and creates a larger pier to provide better support.
Gallery
References
External links
Main Street Bridge at Bridges & Tunnels
Bridges completed in 2010
Bridges in Columbus, Ohio
Bridges of the United States Numbered Highway System
Bridges over the Scioto River
Concrete bridges in the United States
Downtown Columbus, Ohio
Open-spandrel deck arch bridges in the United States
Road bridges in Ohio
Steel bridges in the United States
Tied arch bridges in the United States
U.S. Route 62
Smarter Planet is a corporate initiative of the information technology company IBM. The initiative was formed to encourage the ideas of business, government, and civil society leaders worldwide towards their path of achieving economic growth, near-term efficiency, sustainable development, and societal progress. Examples of smarter systems include smart grids, water management systems, solutions to traffic congestion problems, greener buildings, IBM's goal and strategy is to use the capacity of these technology and process management capabilities and, outside the realm of technology, to advocate for policy decisions that, according to the IBM's management in, could "make the planet smarter.
History
Smarter Planet was officially formed in November 2008, when IBM's Chairman, CEO, and President Sam Palmisano at the Council on Foreign Relations presented a new agenda for building a "smarter planet". In their speech, they emphasized how the world's systems and industries are becoming more interconnected and intelligent, and that leaders and citizens can take advantage of this state of affairs to improve these systems and industries. In January 2010, Sam Palmisano gave a follow-up speech to the Chatham House called the "Decade of Smart". They highlighted dozens of initiatives in which leaders created smarter systems to solve the planet's most pressing problems. The speech aimed to inspire others to follow the leads of these innovators by helping to create a smarter planet.
Smarter Planet's goal is to use the technology and intelligent systems in order to create smarter power grids, food systems, water, healthcare, and traffic systems.
Advertising campaign
In 2008 and 2009, IBM ran a series of marketing campaigns in newspapers such as The New York Times and The Wall Street Journal. Each of these "op-ads" featured an essay about a system or industry that IBM claims can be made "smarter" through the application of technology.
In January 2010, a display at Epcot's Innoventions was installed. Its goal is to showcase how using technology can solve world problems "from reducing road traffic and city crime to improving food safety and local water supplies." A video that plays on a 12-foot globe in the exhibit was created by Christian Matts and edited by Ben Suenaga. Smarter Planet's advertising campaign is also supporting TED (Technology, Entertainment, Design) Talks.
Smarter cities
In 2009, IBM launched the Smarter Cities Challenge. Its goal is to aid major cities worldwide to run more efficiently, save money and resources, and improve the quality of life for their citizens.
To date, Smarter Cities Challenge serves thousands of cities around the world in all areas of management including public safety, health and human services, education, infrastructure, energy, water, and environmental. IBM Smarter cities also include citizen participation through People4SmarterCities.com, so they can be part of the technological advances transforming their cities.
Examples of major cities around the world using IBM Smarter Cities technology:
In 2015, Surat, India implemented an emergency response solution using IBM Technology in Surat to advance it in India to be an advanced technological city.
In 2010, Peterborough, UK, visualised the city systems using data to accelerate collaboration and better decision making.
In 2013, New Taipei City Police, implemented an IBM solution to enhance police productivity and ensuring public safety.
In 2013, Tucson, Arizona, implemented a water conservation solution with IBM focused on smart metering and water leak detection.
In 2013, Digital Delta transformed Dutch water management system using Big Data.
See also
CeNSE (similar project by HP)
References
IBM
Internet of things
The mayor of Pittsburgh is the chief executive of the government of the city of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States, as stipulated by the Charter of the City of Pittsburgh. This article is a listing of past (and present) mayors of Pittsburgh.
Prior to the 1816 city charter, the Borough of Pittsburgh had its council elect a "Chief Burgess" among themselves. After the borough rechartered itself as a city, its first seven "mayors" were selected in a similar fashion as the Chief Burgesses had been under borough council. It was not until Mayor Samuel Pettigrew in the 1830s that general elections of popular vote were conducted among all the city's voters to determine who would hold the mayor's office. Pettigrew was both the last "selected by council" mayor and the first "generally elected" mayor of Pittsburgh. From 1901 to 1903 the state legislature took control of the city on the grounds of corruption by former Mayor William J. Diehl with the passage of the so-called "ripper bill" and appointed the unelected "recorders" Joseph Brown and Adam Brown who were only answerable to the state government. Since 1903, all mayors have been popularly elected. The current mayor, since January 2022, is Democrat Ed Gainey.
Chief Burgesses (1794–1813)
Mayors (1816–present)
† Died in Office; # Resigned from Office ; ♥ still living
Longest tenures
13 years (1946–1959) – David L. Lawrence
12 years (1994–2006) – Thomas J. Murphy, Jr.
11 years and 1 month (1977–1988) – Richard Caliguiri
10 years and 1 month (1959–1970) – Joseph M. Barr
9 years and 3 months (1936–1946) – Cornelius D. Scully
8 years and 9 months (1909–1914, 1922–1926) – William A. Magee
8 years (2014–2022) – Bill Peduto
7 years and 11 months (1817–1825) – John Darragh
7 years and 4 months (2006–2014) – Luke Ravenstahl
7 years and >3 months (1970–1977) – Peter F. Flaherty
7 years and <3 months (1926–1933) – Charles H. Kline
The listed durations are rounded to the nearest month.
See also
List of mayors of Allegheny, Pennsylvania
Pittsburgh City Council
Pittsburgh Mayoral Chief of Staff
Notes
References
Sources
Office of Prothonotary; Allegheny County, Pennsylvania
Historic Pittsburgh Collection
Political Graveyard: Pittsburgh
External links
Mayors in crisis through history
Pittsburgh mayoral election results
Pittsburgh mayors
Pittsburgh
History of Pittsburgh
Pittsburgh-related lists
Shek Tong Tsui is one of the 15 constituencies in the Central and Western District.
The constituency returns one district councillor to the Central and Western District Council, with an election every four years.
Shek Tong Tsui constituency is loosely based on the northwestern corner of Shek Tong Tsui with estimated population of 16,479.
Councillors represented
Election results
2010s
2000s
1990s
Notes
Citations
References
2011 District Council Election Results (Central & Western)
2007 District Council Election Results (Central & Western)
2003 District Council Election Results (Central & Western)
1999 District Council Election Results (Central & Western)
Szeto Wah on Chan's participation in the Provisional Legislative Council (Traditional Chinese
Constituencies of Hong Kong
Constituencies of Central and Western District Council
Shek Tong Tsui
Constituencies established in 1994
1994 establishments in Hong Kong
A quadruple sculling boat, often simply called a quad and abbreviated 4x, is a rowing boat used in the sport of competitive rowing. It is designed for four people who propel the boat by sculling with two oars, or "sculls", one in each hand.
Racing boats (often called "shells") are long, narrow, and broadly semi-circular in cross-section in order to reduce drag. They usually have a fin towards the rear, to help prevent roll and yaw. Originally made from wood, shells are now almost always made from a composite material (usually carbon-fiber reinforced plastic) for strength and weight advantages. The riggers in sculling apply the forces symmetrically to each side of the boat. Quad sculls is one of the classes recognized by the International Rowing Federation and the Olympics. FISA rules specify minimum weights for each class of boat so that no individual will gain a great advantage from the use of expensive materials or technology.
When there are four rowers in a boat, each with only one sweep oar and rowing on opposite sides, the combination is referred to as a "coxed four" or "coxless four" depending on whether the boat has a cox. In sweep oared racing the rigging means the forces are staggered alternately along the boat. The symmetrical forces in sculling make the boat more efficient and so the quadruple scull is faster than the coxless four.
A 'quad' is different from a 'four' in that a 'quad', or quadruple scull, is composed of four rowers each with two blades, sculling. A 'four' is made up of four rowers each with one oar in hand, sweeping.
See also
Rowing at the Summer Olympics
World Rowing Championships
Queen Mother Challenge Cup
Single scull, double scull
References
Rowing racing boats
Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Dog Days is a 2012 American comedy film directed by David Bowers from a screenplay by Wallace Wolodarsky and Maya Forbes. It stars Zachary Gordon and Steve Zahn. Robert Capron, Devon Bostick, Rachael Harris, Peyton List, Grayson Russell, and Karan Brar also have prominent roles. It is the third installment in the Diary of a Wimpy Kid film series. It was released by 20th Century Fox on August 3, and it earned $77.1 million against a $22 million production budget.
The film is based on the third and fourth books of the Diary of a Wimpy Kid book series, The Last Straw and Dog Days, respectively. The "Holly Hills" and "Spag Union" portions of the film are featured in the third book, while much of the rest is based on the fourth book.
The film is also the last one in the series to feature the original cast members, as many of the cast (such as Zachary Gordon, Robert Capron and Devon Bostick) outgrew their roles and new actors were cast for the next installment Diary of a Wimpy Kid: The Long Haul, which was released on May 19, 2017.
Plot
After Greg and Rodrick develop a brotherly bond, their family visits the local pool, where they run into Lenwood Heath, a reformed delinquent friend of Rodrick's who works as a lifeguard. Heath attends Spag Union, a military school that begins at the eighth grade. Frank notes that Greg is about to enter eighth grade and considers signing them up.
After learning that Greg spent their entire first day of summer vacation playing video games, Frank disables the family's television set. Susan starts a book club for Greg and their friends and urges Frank to spend more time with him. Frank takes them fishing and to a Civil War reenactment, but their incompetence annoys Frank.
Rowley invites Greg to the local country club. Initially reluctant, they join Rowley as a guest after learning that their crush, Holly Hills, teaches tennis there. Frank surprises Greg with an unpaid summer internship at their office, hoping they can bond. Disliking the idea, Greg lies about getting a job at the country club, to Frank and Susan's delight. Frank and Susan give Greg a starter cell phone that only allows them to call home or 911.
Rowley invites Greg on a family trip to a rented beach house near the boardwalk, and they ride a ride called the Cranium Shaker that Rodrick suggested, despite Rowley's parents forbidding them from going on "scary rides". Greg becomes increasingly uneasy with the Jeffersons' eccentric lifestyle and secretly uses Rowley's father Robert's laptop computer to email Susan to get themselves out of the trip. The Jeffersons confront them after they accidentally send the email to everyone on Robert's contact list. They desperately try to call home using their phone but inadvertently calls 911, leading to Robert almost getting arrested for coming to the door with a knife in their hand. Greg is sent home early, and Frank starts to believe that Rowley is a bad influence.
A few days later, Rowley informs Greg that they are no longer allowed to invite them to the country club, but they sneak in by impersonating members. After Rodrick learns that Holly's sister, Heather, whom they have a crush on, also works at the club, they ask Greg to help them sneak in. Greg reconciles with Rowley and gets Löded Diper a gig for Heather's upcoming sweet sixteen, to Rodrick's delight. During another country club visit, Robert confronts Frank and Greg over Greg's purchase of two hundred and sixty dollars worth of smoothies. Frank mentions that Greg has a "job" there, but the manager denies this. Learning the truth of Greg's deception, Frank expresses their disappointment with him. Shortly after, Rodrick reveals to them that a Spag Union disc has been mailed to them, to their horror.
Rodrick urges Greg to go on the "Wilderness Weekend" camping trip with their classmates to impress Frank. During it, Fregley tells a scary story. Spooked, Greg strikes Frank's hand with a mallet. Greg admits their guilt over constantly messing up. The next day, after overhearing Frank's boss, Stan Warren, insult them over their lack of camping skills, Greg sets a trap with their friends and sneaks into Stan's tent, where they learn that their troop has been cheating by using household appliances. Stan discovers Greg and insults him, but Frank chastises Stan for faking their camping skills. They run into Greg's trap, humiliating himself. At a motel, Frank confesses they never liked camping and decides not to send Greg to Spag Union, to their surprise and delight. They also talk to them about learning from mistakes and taking responsibility, making them both realize they are more alike than they thought.
At Heather's party a few days later, Löded Diper performs a hard rock cover of "Baby" with Rodrick on lead vocals to try to impress them The performance goes awry when they accidentally knock over a huge ice bust of them They attempt to assault them with a microphone stand but smashes a chocolate fountain with it, ending the party in disaster. Holly and Greg still become a couple and spend the rest of their summer together with Rowley.
Cast
Jeff Kinney, the author of the series, reprises their role from the previous film as Holly's and Heather's father.
Production
The film was produced on a budget of $22 million. Principal photography began on August 8, 2011, in Vancouver and was completed on October 7, 2011. The location for the country club pool was the Eagle Ridge Pool in Coquitlam, British Columbia. Filming there took place during the end of August 2011. The municipal pool scenes at the beginning and the end of the movie were filmed at Steveston Pool in Richmond, BC. Filming occurred there during the beginning of September 2011. The Chinese Bunkhouse at the Steveston Shipyards in Richmond was the location of the Wilderness Explorers cabin for Troop 133. During filming, stars Zachary Gordon and Robert Capron, were seen riding the Corkscrew at Playland at Vancouver's fair, the PNE. Capron had to wear a wig for the film, as their hair was shaved to play the role of Young Curly in The Three Stooges, as explained in The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary book. A poster was leaked in March 2012. A teaser trailer was attached to The Three Stooges. An advance screening for the film was held on July 31, 2012.
Release
The film was released in U.S. theaters August 3, 2012
The film was released on iTunes on December 4, 2012 and on DVD and Blu-ray in the United States on December 18, 2012.
An animated short film set after the events of the film, Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Class Clown, was released on the home media release of it, with Zachary Gordon reprising their role as Greg Heffley, and audio of various other cast members from the film covering it.
Reception
Box office
The film grossed $49,008,662 in the U.S. and Canada, and $28,221,033 in other territories, for a total gross of $77,229,695.
The film grossed $14,623,599 in its opening weekend in 3,391 theaters. It later expanded to 3,401 theaters in its second weekend, where it grossed $8,002,166.
Critical response
Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "A−" on an A+ to F scale, the same grade as the two previous films.
Abby West of Entertainment Weekly gave the film a B+ and wrote "Though often self-centered and conniving, Greg remains a likable kid, and the movie entertains by pulling off over-the-top scenarios that set up digestible life lessons for youngsters." OregonLive.com praised Zachary Gordon's acting, writing, "[h]is easy likeability and general relatability are perhaps two of the biggest keys to Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Dog Days."
Matt Mueller of OnMilwaukee gave the film a negative review, calling it "manic, forced, predictable, scatterbrained and often times unpleasant." They criticized its "overstuffed screenplay" for being "very attention-deficit, cramming in numerous wacky plot elements, most of them solely existing for predictable jokes that were met in my screening with interminable silence." They wrote that "[s]ome of the storylines could've made for decent movies on their own," particularly the one where Greg joins the Boy Scouts, but that they were only brought back "when the screenplay needs another forced comic set piece or ill-fated attempt at wringing unearned emotion." They disliked Greg's behavior, writing "He's lazy and wildly selfish, taking advantage of their friend's unbridled kindness. Their trip with the Jeffersons ends with Greg insulting the entire family and getting Robert arrested by the police. Later in the film, they run up their bill sneaking into the country club. What part of this behavior is charming?" The review concludes with Mueller writing, "In Dog Days lone earnest moment, Rowley astutely explains that their parents' disappointment is worse than their yelling. In that case, I'm not angry that a movie like this can take the joys of childhood and make them so joyless and unpleasant. I'm disappointed."
Accolades
Future
Standalone sequel
At the time of its release, the film was described as the last live-action one in the franchise. In August 2012, while doing press for the film, Jeff Kinney, Zachary Gordon, and Robert Capron each indicated that there were no plans for a fourth one, but did not dismiss the possibility entirely. Kinney replied to inquiries regarding the possibility of another sequel, stating, "At present, we don't have a fourth film in development, but you never know!"
And when describing the likelihood of starring in another film in the series, Gordon explained, "[Dog Days] most likely will be the last movie. The main problem is [the cast is] getting older. You can't stop it. There's no way to temporarily stop us from changing and growing up. You know, that's the problem because the characters are supposed to be timeless." In March 2013, they stated in a Spreecast live stream that there would not be a fourth live-action film. Jeff Kinney had indicated that instead of doing a live-action film of the sixth novel Cabin Fever, they would like to see it adapted into an animated one, stating in an interview, "I hope that it gets made into an animated movie. I'd really like to see it turn into an animated television special."
On July 29, 2016, it was announced that a new film with a different cast based on the 9th book, The Long Haul, had begun production. It was released on May 19, 2017, to a modest box-office success and a critical low for the franchise.
Animated film series
On December 10, 2020, it was announced on Disney Investors Day that an animated film based on the books would premiere on Disney+ sometime in 2021. It will be another reboot, and will be computer-animated, along with any other future Wimpy Kid movies. The animated film was released on December 3, 2021.
References
External links
2010s English-language films
2010s children's comedy films
20th Century Fox films
American children's comedy films
American sequel films
Dune Entertainment films
Films scored by Edward Shearmur
Films directed by David Bowers
Canadian children's comedy films
Diary of a Wimpy Kid (film series)
Films based on multiple works of a series
American films with live action and animation
2012 comedy films
Films about dogs
Films shot in Vancouver
2010s American films
2010s Canadian films
Films about dysfunctional families
Değirmenyolu is a village in the District of Şereflikoçhisar, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Şereflikoçhisar District
The 2020 United States presidential election in South Carolina was held on Tuesday, November 3, 2020, as part of the 2020 United States presidential election in which all 50 states plus the District of Columbia participated. South Carolina voters chose electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote, pitting the Republican Party's nominee, incumbent President Donald Trump, and running mate Vice President Mike Pence against Democratic Party nominee, former Vice President Joe Biden, and their running mate California Senator Kamala Harris. South Carolina has nine electoral votes in the Electoral College.
Trump carried South Carolina by a margin of 11.68%, down from their 14.27% margin four years earlier. Prior to this election, all 12 news organizations considered this a state Trump would win, or a red state. Biden became the first Democrat to win the presidency without Chester and Dillon Counties since Harry Truman in 1948, when the state's governor, Strom Thurmond, carried all but two of the state's counties as the Dixiecrat nominee.
Primary elections
Canceled Republican primary
On September 7, 2019, the South Carolina Republican Party became one of several state GOP affiliates to cancel their respective primaries and caucuses officially. Donald Trump's re-election campaign and GOP officials have cited the fact that Republicans canceled several state primaries when George H. W. Bush and George W. Bush sought second terms in 1992 and 2004, respectively, and Democrats scrapped some of their primaries when Bill Clinton and Barack Obama were seeking re-election in 1996 and 2012, respectively.
In response to the cancellation, former U.S. Representative Bob Inglis and another South Carolina Republican voter filed a lawsuit against the South Carolina Republican Party on grounds that it denied their right to vote. On December 11, 2019, a state court judge dismissed the lawsuit, writing in their opinion that the law "does not give plaintiffs a legal right to presidential preference primary". Thus at the South Carolina State Republican Convention in May 2020, the state party will formally bind all 50 of its national pledged delegates to Trump.
Democratic primary
The South Carolina Democratic primary was held on February 29, 2020.
General election
Predictions
Polling
Graphical summary
Aggregate polls
Polls
Donald Trump vs. Bernie Sanders
Donald Trump vs. Elizabeth Warren
Donald Trump vs. Michael Bloomberg
Donald Trump vs. Amy Klobuchar
Donald Trump vs. Pete Buttigieg
Donald Trump vs. Tom Steyer
Donald Trump vs. Andrew Yang
Donald Trump vs. Cory Booker
Donald Trump vs Kamala Harris
Donald Trump vs. Beto O'Rourke
with Donald Trump, Bernie Sanders, and Howard Schultz
with Donald Trump, Elizabeth Warren, and Howard Schultz
with Donald Trump, generic Democrat, and Howard Schultz
Results
Results by county
Counties that flipped from Democratic to Republican
Dillon (The Largest city: Dillon)
Clarendon (The Largest city: Manning)
Results by congressional district
Analysis
South Carolina—a Deep Southern Bible Belt state that was once part of the Democratic Solid South—has had a Republican tendency since 1964. Since its narrow vote for Kennedy in 1960, it has voted Democratic only in 1976, for Jimmy Carter, the former governor of the neighboring state of Georgia. Accordingly, it has long been the most conservative state on the East Coast of the United States, although it has not been as conservative as its fellow Deep South states of Alabama, Mississippi, and Louisiana, largely due to populous and fast-growing Charleston and Richland Counties' trending more Democratic in the 21st century. As in the case of other Deep Southern states, South Carolina also has a large African-American population that helps keep the state somewhat more competitive than much of the Upper South. (The final state in the Deep South, Georgia, has become much more competitive than any of its fellow Deep South states in recent years due to the explosive growth of the Atlanta area.)
Trump performed somewhat better than polls anticipated, as aggregate polls averaged them only 7 points ahead of Biden. They flipped Clarendon County for the first time since 1972 and Dillon County for the first time since 1988. Biden became the first Democrat since Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 to win the presidency without Clarendon County and the first Democrat since Harry S. Truman to win without Dillon County.
Per exit polls by the Associated Press, Trump's strength in the Palmetto State came from White, born-again/Evangelical Christians, who supported Trump by 87%–9%. South Carolina is entirely in the Bible Belt. As is the case in many Southern states, there was a stark racial divide in voting for this election: White South Carolinians supported Trump by 69%–29%, while Black South Carolinians supported Biden by 92%–7%.
In other elections, longtime Republican U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham won another term in the United States Senate by 10.27 percentage points over Democrat Jaime Harrison. While Harrison lost by a double-digit margin, they still slightly outperformed Biden.
This is the first time since 1992 that South Carolina and Georgia did not vote for the same presidential candidate—in 1992, Georgia voted for the victorious Democratic Party challenger, Bill Clinton, while South Carolina voted to re-elect the Republican president, George H. W. Bush.
South Carolina was the only East Coast state in 2020 to vote Republican by a double-digit margin. This was the first time that both main party candidates won more than one million votes in a statewide election in South Carolina, alongside the concurrent Senate election.
See also
United States presidential elections in South Carolina
2020 South Carolina elections
2020 United States presidential election
2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries
2020 Republican Party presidential primaries
2020 United States elections
Notes
Partisan clients
Additional candidates
References
External links
(State affiliate of the U.S. League of Women Voters)
South Carolina
2020
Presidential
Level Best is a compilation album featuring the most successful singles by the English band Level 42. It was released at the end of 1989, marking a decade since the band's beginnings.
Track listing
"Running in the Family" (3:57) (from Running in the Family)
"The Sun Goes Down (Living It Up)" (3:35) (from Standing in the Light)
"Something About You" (3:44) (from World Machine)
"Tracie" (3:22) (from Staring at the Sun)
"Starchild' (3:52) (from Level 42)
"It's Over" (4:42) (from Running in the Family)
"Hot Water" (3:39) (from True Colours)
"Take Care of Yourself" (4:28) (new song)
"Heaven in My Hands" (4:09) (from Staring at the Sun)
"Children Say" (4:28) (from Running in the Family)
"Love Games" (4:32) (from Level 42)
"The Chinese Way" (3:57) (from The Pursuit of Accidents)
"Leaving Me Now" (3:31) (from World Machine)
"Lessons in Love" (4:00) (from Running in the Family)
"Micro-kid" (3:47) (from Standing in the Light)
"Take a Look" (4:41) (from Staring at the Sun)
"To Be With You Again" (3:55) (from Running in the Family)
"The Chant Has Begun" (4:17) (from True Colours)
Personnel
Mark King – vocals, bass
Mike Lindup – keyboards, vocals
Boon Gould – guitars (tracks 1–3, 5–7, 10–15, 17, 18)
Phil Gould – drums (tracks 1–3, 5–7, 10–15, 17, 18)
Gary Husband – drums (tracks 4, 8, 9, 16)
Alan Murphy – guitars (tracks 4, 8, 9, 16)
Wally Badarou – keyboards
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Sales and certifications
References
Level 42 albums
Albums produced by Mike Vernon (record producer)
Albums produced by Wally Badarou
1989 greatest hits albums
Polydor Records compilation albums
Avşarlar is a village in the District of Çamlıdere, Ankara Province, Turkey.
Geography
It is located 120 km from Ankara and west of Çamlıdere District. The geographic structure of the neighborhood is uneven. Therefore, its arable land is 140 hectares. The residential area of the quarter is flat. According to the records of the General Directorate of Forestry, the village is a forest district as it is covered by Article 31.
References
Villages in Çamlıdere District
Erigeron trifidus is a Canadian species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common name Alberta fleabane. It is native to the provinces of Alberta and British Columbia in western Canada.
Erigeron trifidus grows on talus and scree slopes in alpine zones at high elevations. It is a small perennial herb rarely more than 10 centimeters (4 inches) tall, producing a branching underground caudex. Leaves are usually 3-lobed, up to 3 cm (1.2 inches) long. The inflorescence is made up of only one flower heads per stem. Each head contains 20–40 white, lavender, or pink ray florets surrounding numerous yellow disc florets.
References
External links
Hooker, William Jackson 1834. Flora Boreali-Americana 2(7): plate CXX (120) line drawings of Erigeron trifidus
trifidus
Flora of Alberta
Flora of British Columbia
Plants described in 1902
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Danişment is a village in the District of Nallıhan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
Eastleigh by-election may refer to:
1994 Eastleigh by-election
2013 Eastleigh by-election
Frederick Brotherton Meyer (8 April 1847 – 28 March 1929), a contemporary and friend of D. L. Moody and A. C. Dixon, was a Baptist pastor and evangelist in England involved in ministry and inner city mission work on both sides of the Atlantic. Author of numerous religious books and articles, many of which remain in print today, they were described in an obituary as The Archbishop of the Free Churches.
Introduction
Frederick Meyer was born in London. They attended Brighton College and graduated from the University of London in 1869. They studied theology at Regent's Park College.
Meyer was part of the Higher Life movement and preached often at the Keswick Convention. They were known as a crusader against immorality. They preached against drunkenness and prostitution.  They are said to have brought about the closing of hundreds of saloons and brothels.
While in York in the early 1870s F. B. Meyer met the American evangelist Dwight L. Moody, whom they introduced to other chapels, churches, and ministers in England, and by exchange was invited to make several trips to minister in America. The two preachers became lifelong friends.
Meyer played an important part in the beginnings of the Welsh revival, holding Keswick meetings in Wales in 1903 at which Evan Roberts, among others, pledged to spend at least one day a month praying for revival.
In 1908, Meyer and their wife made a tour of South Africa, where they met Mohandas Gandhi spending several days with them in May. Meyer expressed a cautious sympathy with Gandhi's movement of passive resistance.
In June 1916, together with Hubert Peet, a Quaker, they visited British conscientious objectors in France, to report upon their position in the light of news that 42 resisting men had been forcibly transported there. The visit took place shortly before 35 of the men were court-martialled and formally sentenced to death, but immediately reprieved.
F. B. Meyer wrote over 75 books, including Christian biographies and devotional commentaries on the Bible. In 1918, Meyer, along with seven other clergymen, was also a signatory to the London Manifesto asserting that the Second Coming was imminent.
An illustrated biography of their life was published in 1929, with a new edition a few years later. 2007 saw the release of a new biography of Meyer, F.B. Meyer: If I had a hundred lives, written by Professor Bob Holman and published by Christian Focus Publications.
Associated chapels
Meyer began pastoring churches in 1870; their first pastorate was at Pembroke Baptist Chapel in Liverpool, their second at Priory Street Baptist Church in York, 1872. Other chapels and churches they pastored were:
Victoria Road Church in Leicester (1874–1878)
Melbourne Hall in Leicester (1878/80-1888) - founded by Meyer
Regent's Park Chapel in London (1888–1892) and (1909–1915)
Christ Church in London (1892–1909) and (1915–1921)
Of these, Melbourne Hall and Christ Church are perhaps most closely associated with their independence of approach.
Melbourne Hall, Leicester :
Melbourne Hall has been described as F. B. Meyer's abiding monument; it was initiated in 1878 as a 'Church of Christ' with a small band of believers who fund-raised for, built, and opened the premises in 1880. As an entirely new, independent venture, designed to evangelise the people lying outside ordinary Christian agencies as a local mission, with every member a 'worker' active in the local community, it was decided not to name it a 'chapel' or a 'church', nor a 'tabernacle', and not the old nonconformist term of 'meeting house'; but simply a 'hall'.
Meyer's mission centre attracted great interest - visitors included national figures such as Hudson Taylor as well as local people; Melbourne Hall became a centre as well as a sphere. All sorts of people visited... it became, in fact, the Church of the Cordial Welcome, and as a consequence a place of pilgrimage and a centre of evangelical and missionary influence in Leicester and far beyond. Their 'Farewell Meeting' in 1888 was presided over by the Mayor of Leicester.
Meyer nevertheless decided to move on to other pastorates in London - Regent's Park Chapel and Christ Church.
Christ Church, London :
In 1892, Christopher Newman Hall was due to retire from the Christ Church complex in Lambeth, and invited Meyer to leave the Baptist's Regent's Park Chapel and its wealthy church-going district, to become their successor at the non-denominational institution, the successor to Rowland Hill and James Sherman's Surrey Chapel from where many welfare societies and services operated for the largely working class and slum district. Meyer wrote to their people at Regent's Park Chapel Shall I devote the remaining years of my manhood to the service of a section of the Church of Christ, or accept a position that is equally in touch with all sections of Evangelical Christians ? and after careful consideration, and successfully negotiating that a Baptistery would be provided, they decided to take on the role. Meyer left Regent's Park Chapel and entered upon their new charge in September 1892.
This being the year that Charles Spurgeon died, leading to unrest at the nearby baptist Metropolitan Tabernacle, Meyer was able to attract a considerable number of its former members to migrate to Christ Church. Frederick Meyer stayed there until 1902, when Dr A. T Pierson was asked to undertake their duties during two prolonged periods of travel abroad. Returning from their sabbaticals to Christ Church, Meyer continued as its pastor until 1909. In September of that year they returned to Regent's Park Chapel for nearly 6 years, coming back to Christ Church as sole minister from May 1915 until 1921.
Final days
Frederick Meyer spent the last few years of their life working as a pastor in England's churches, but still made trips to North America, including one they made at age 80 (his earlier evangelistic tours had included South Africa and Asia, as well as the United States and Canada). A few days before their death, Meyer wrote the following words to a friend:
I have just heard, to my great surprise, that I have but a few days to live. It may be that before this reaches you, I shall have entered the palace. Don't trouble to write. We shall meet in the morning.
Following F. B. Meyer's death in 1929, an English newspaper, The Daily Telegraph, described them as The Archbishop of the Free Churches. Across the Atlantic, they had earlier been described in The New York Observer as a man of international fame whose services are constantly sought by churches over the wide and increasing empire of Christendom. In 2007 Stephen Timms wrote of them as a man with enduring popularity, dubbed virtually a Christian socialist.
Works
The Way Into the Holiest: Expositions on the Epistle to the Hebrews (1893)
The Secret of Guidance (1896)
A Good Start (1897)
Saved and Kept: Counsels to Young Believers and Christian Endeavourers (1897)
A Castaway, and other addresses (1897)
Our Daily Homily (1898)
Christian Living (1888)
Israel: a Prince with God - The Story of Jacob Re-Told (1887)
Elijah and the Secret of Their Power (1888)
John the Baptist (1890)
Abraham: The Obedience of Faith (1890)
The Prophet of Hope: Studies in Zechariah (1890)
Moses: The Servant of God (1893)
Joshua and the Land of Promise (1893)
Christ in Isaiah (1895)
Samuel: The Prophet (prior to 1924)
David: Shepherd, Psalmist, King (1895)
Paul: A Servant of Jesus Christ (1897)
Love to the Uttermost (1897)
Tried by Fire (1900)
Back to Bethel: Separation from Sin, and Fellowship with God (1901)
Jottings and Hints for Lay Preachers (1903)
Peter: Fisherman, Disciple, Apostle (1919)
The Gospel of John (1950?)
References
Sources
External links
F.B. Meyers Works
Biography of F.B.Meyer by Bob Holman (pub. 2007)
The Life and Works of F. B. Meyer - listing of over 50 of Meyer's books
1847 births
1929 deaths
Clergy from London
Alumni of Regent's Park College, London
English Baptist ministers
English evangelicals
English tax resisters
People educated at Brighton College
Evangelists
Anton Seuffert (1815 – 6 August 1887) was born in Bohemia. They were a cabinetmaker with a particular expertise in the art of marquetry.
Anton Seuffert, also known as Anton Seufert, learned their craft from their father, Anton Seufert senior, who was also a cabinetmaker. Seuffert worked in Vienna for the Austrian furniture manufacturing company Leistler, rising to the position of supervisor. They were sent by their firm to England in order to assemble furniture for the royal places and also to set up the firm's large display of luxury wooden furniture for the Great Exhibition of 1851 in London. They stayed in England for several years and married Anna Piltz in 1855 or 1856. They emigrated to New Zealand from London on the ship Caduceus with their wife and two children, Josefieni, and William, and arrived in Auckland on 19 May 1859 (surname was spelt Senfick/Senfert). The family settled in Auckland and increased by a further five children. Juliena was born in September 1860, Augusta Amelia in August 1862, Albert in October 1864, Charles Antonis in March 1867 and the youngest Adolf Herman in October 1869. Adolf died of typhoid fever at 11 years of age.
For nearly thirty years Seuffert made fine furniture for the houses of wealthy families in New Zealand and overseas experimenting with and using the native timbers of New Zealand. It is possible that they first became familiar with New Zealand timbers while they were in London through their contact with Johann Levien who had spent several years in New Zealand. Certainly the demands of the marquetry technique ensured that Sueffert became an expert in the properties of New Zealand timber and it is likely they made detailed studies of native woods to maximise the impact of their intricate designs.
Their reputation as a cabinetmaker of international distinction was cemented when, in 1862, Sueffert received a lot of publicity for their work when they made a writing cabinet using New Zealand woods, 'consisting of 30,000 pieces, valued at 300 guineas, which was purchased and presented by the citizens of Auckland to their Majesty the Queen Victoria. The cabinet is still in the Royal Collection at Buckingham Palace. They also produced a series of up to nine writing cabinets also known as Louis XV escritoire or bonheur du jour cabinets. Each of the cabinets is known by the name of the recipient and include the 'Watt cabinet' constructed for Archibald Anderson Watt, the 'Hooker cabinet' constructed for Sir Joseph Hooker, and the 'Grey cabinet' constructed for Governor George Grey. In addition to cabinets they also made tables, boxes of various sizes and covers for books of pressed ferns, as well as panels for the Governor Grey's library at Mansion House, Grey's residence on Kawau Island. All Seuffert's work was intricately inlaid and most included designs with New Zealand imagery including very accurately depicted native flora and fauna.
In 1869 Queen Victoria's second son The Prince Alfred, Duke of Edinburgh, visited New Zealand in their naval role as captain of HMS Galetea. Seuffert built a bed and a chest of drawers for the Duke's use during their 1869 stay and received a Royal Appointment. Seuffert used this as an opportunity to change the design of their work labels as well as the spelling of their surname from Seufert to Seuffert.
Seuffert entered their works in the international exhibitions of 1862, 1873, 1879, and 1880–81, the New Zealand Exhibition in Dunedin 1865 and the Colonial and Indian Exhibition in 1886 and won numerous prizes.
They became a naturalised New Zealander in 1861. Their wife, Anna Seuffert, also had a business – a fancy goods shop – which may have supported the family, while Seuffert worked on their commissions. Seuffert passed on their skills to their son, William, who took over the business when their father died on 6 August 1887.
List of works
Works by Anton Seuffert in the collection of the Museum of New Zealand Te Papa Tongarewa
References
Bilkey, Joy M. 'Seuffert, Anton 1814/1815? - 1887' Dictionary of New Zealand Biography, updated 22 June 2007
The Seuffert Family of Cabinetmakers
1815 births
1887 deaths
New Zealand woodworkers
Bohemian people
Czech emigrants to England
Czech emigrants to New Zealand
Austro-Hungarian emigrants to England
Austro-Hungarian emigrants to New Zealand
Iruvattam Manavaatti is a Malayalam language political romantic film. It was released on 4 February 2005. Kunchacko Boban played veterinary doctor Goutham's role in this movie.
Plot
The movie was based on the political background of Kannur. The movie was based on the life of a veterinary doctor Goutham (Kunchacko Boban) and Bhoomika (Kavya) born in a strong communist family of Kannur. The movie deals with all the happenings after both of them fall in love.
Cast
Kunchacko Boban as Dr. Goutham
Kavya Madhavan as Bhoomika
Murali as Const.Anadan
Kalabhavan Mani as Koroth Rakhavan MLA / Koroth Krishnan
Sethu Lakshmi as Koroth Madhavi
Indrans as Attender. Chandrappan / Prabhudeva
Harisree Ashokan as Susheelan
Nishanth Sagar as Dr. Sudheer
Madhu Warrier as Hareedran
Salim Kumar as Ochira Velu
Cochin Haneefa as Ambujakshan/ Ambiyannan
Kalarenjini as Bhumika's mother
Bindhu Panicker as Chandramathi
Ambika Mohan as
Mani C. Kappan as Bharathan
Rani Larius as Rathnam/Rathnamma
References
2005 films
2000s Malayalam-language films
Dystasia chassoti is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1973.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1973
Paisa is a 2016 Indian Tamil-language romantic drama film directing by Majith and starring Sree Raam and Aara.
Cast
Sree Raam as Murugan
Aara as Veni
Rajasimman as Kiruba
Madhusudhanan as Kiruba's boss
Nassar
Mayilsamy
Sendrayan
Theepetti Ganesan as Murugan's friend
Rockstar rajaguru as Murugan's Enemy
Production
Sree Raam plays a rag picker in the film, which is about the Swachh Bharat Mission. The film is set in a slum.
Soundtrack
Soundtrack was composed by JV.
"Penne Penne" – Jagadish, Hema Ambika
"Chikku Bukku" – Mukesh Mohamed, Hema Ambika
"Kanne" – Hema Ambika
"Paisa" – JV
"Nenjukulla" – Yazin Nizar
Release
A critic from The Hindu wrote that "In other words, as moral-science movies go, Paisa is a far-easier watch than Appa". Malini Mannath of The New Indian Express opined that "Mildly entertaining, Paisa could have been made more appealing and interesting". A critic from Maalai Malar praised the performances of the lead cast, the music, and the cinematography while criticising the screenplay.
References
Indian romantic drama films
2016 romantic drama films
Dubautia latifolia is a rare species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common name koholapehu. It is endemic to Hawaii where it is known only from the west side of the island of Kauai. Like other Dubautia this plant is called na`ena`e.
Distribution
Dubautia latifolia, a member of the silversword alliance, grows in scattered locations in the moist and wet forests near Waimea Canyon on Kauai. The habitat receives up to 190 centimeters of precipitation annually. The forest is dominated by koa (Acacia koa), ohia (Metrosideros polymorpha) and uluhe (Dicranopteris linearis).
There are no more than 200 individuals remaining. There are about 18 occurrences, but most of these are made up of only one or two plants.
Description
Dubautia latifolia is a liana which can exceed in length. It climbs trees, reaching several meters up into the canopy. Blooming occurs in September through November, when the plant produces panicles of yellow flowers.
Conservation
Dubautia latifolia was federally listed as an endangered species of the United States in 1992.
Threats to this species and its habitat include feral pigs, feral goats, rats, and deer. Invasive plant species that threaten it include Santa Barbara daisy (Erigeron karvinskianus), kahili ginger (Hedychium spp.), lantana (Lantana camara), airplant (Kalanchoe pinnata) and firetree (Myrica faya). Conservation efforts include the collection of seeds and the planting of young plants in appropriate habitat.
References
External links
USDA Plants Profile for Dubautia latifolia
latifolia
Endemic flora of Hawaii
Biota of Kauai
The Aeronautical Code signals are radio signal codes. They are part of a larger set of Q Codes allocated by the ITU-R. The QAA–QNZ code range includes phrases applicable primarily to the aeronautical service,[2] as defined by the International Civil Aviation Organisation.
First defined in ICAO publication "Doc 6100-COM/504/1" in 1948 and in "ICAO Procedures for Air Navigation Services, Abbreviations and Codes (PAN
a S-ABC)" [Doc8400-4] (4th edition 1989), the majority of the Q codes have slipped out of common use; for example today reports such as QAU ("I am about to jettison fuel") and QAZ ("I am flying in a storm") would be voice or computerized transmissions. But several remain part of the standard ICAO radiotelephony phraseology in aviation.
References
Amateur radio
Encodings
Morse code
Brevity codes
1948 in radio
1948 in aviation
1989 in radio
1989 in aviation
Stanica may refer to:
stanitsa, a Cossack village and unit of rural organization
Stanica, Lower Silesian Voivodeship (south-west Poland)
Stanica, Silesian Voivodeship (south Poland)
Stanica is also a Romanian name
N57, or rijksweg 57, is a 77 km long national road in the provinces of South Holland and Zeeland in the Netherlands. It is also known as the dammenroute (Route of dams).
The N57 connects the city and the major port of Rotterdam with Middelburg and other coastal towns in Zeeland and southern South Holland.
Trivia
The second stage of the 2015 Tour de France took place on a large part of the N57, with the finish at Neeltje Jans.
References
Motorways in the Netherlands
Motorways in South Holland
Motorways in Zeeland
A Far Country is a play by Henry Denker. The work premiered on Broadway at the Music Box Theatre on April 4, 1961, where it closed on November 25, 1961, after 271 performances. Produced by Roger L. Stevens and Joel Schenker, the production was directed by Alfred Ryder and used sets by Donald Oenslager and costumes by Ann Roth. Lead actor Kim Stanley (Ryder's wife at the time) was nominated for a Tony Award for their portrayal of Elizabeth von Ritter.
References
External links
Broadway plays
1961 plays
Works about Sigmund Freud
The University of Calgary Students' Union is an organization representing students at the University of Calgary. Every Undergraduate registered at the University of Calgary is a member of the Students' Union. The Students' Union is a multifaceted organization serving as part student government, part lobby group, and part business. Students are elected to serve on the Students' Union for one year following elections held each March.
Students' Legislative Council
The Students' Union's highest governing body is the Students' Legislative Council and it is where all resolutions, major policies, and positions are voted on. It consists of the five executives and 19 faculty representatives.
SLC also delegates authority to different committees to ensure it maintains transparency and efficient functioning.
Current 2021-2022 Students' Legislative Council
Non-Voting Officials
Faculty Representation
There are currently 19 Faculty Representatives on the Students' Legislative Council which is based on a representation by population model. Every undergraduate faculty is represented by at least one Faculty Representative with a representative gained for every 2000 students in a given faculty. All faculties with less than 2000 students registered have one Faculty Representative. Once a faculty reaches the 2000 student threshold it will have two representatives and when a faculty reaches the 4000 student threshold it will have three representatives etc.
Faculty representation is as follows:
4 Faculty of Arts
3 Faculty of Science
2 Faculty of Business
2 Faculty of Engineering
1 Faculty of Education
1 Faculty of Kinesiology
1 Faculty of Law
2 Faculty of Medicine
1 Faculty of Nursing
1 Faculty of Social Work
1 Faculty of Veterinary Medicine
Provincial and Federal Representation
Federally, the University of Calgary Students' Union participates in the Canadian Alliance of Students Associations and provincially, they are a member of the Council of Alberta University Students.
Operations
As a student-led and staff-run organization supported by student volunteers, the Students' Union has a diverse organizational structure to manage the scope of its businesses, services, programs, and events. Under the direction of elected student leaders, the SU has a team of approximately 50 full-time staff, more than 200 part-time staff, and more than 300 volunteers who deliver a wide range of services to the organization and undergraduate students. The SU operates MacEwan Student Centre and has services including Bound and Copied (the campus copy centre and cheap book store), Stör (a convenience store), the Den and Black Lounge (a full-service restaurant and bar), the Campus Food Bank, “Mac Hall" concert facilities, and MacEwan Conference and Event Centre within the building. The proceeds of these operations are reinvested directly into SU student programs, awards, and events. Additional services include the off-campus housing registry, campus lost and found, travel and conference funding, campus "Safewalk," various awareness weeks, Cinemania movie nights, and the time-honoured end-of-year tradition "Bermuda Shorts Day."
Dispute Over MacHall
The Student Union at the University of Calgary is currently in a dispute with the university itself over the ownership over the MacHall. The Students Union claims that they own 55% of the building, back from an agreement back in 1969, while the university denies this. Though the students union attempted to solve the issue quietly, there had been on-going negotiations around MacHall, on October 21, 2015, the SU sued the University of Calgary over the dispute. In the past, the University wanted to treat the SU as tenants, as opposed to the partial owners of the building, and the University the sole owners but the SU refused because it would lower their revenue and not allow them to decide what the building is used for. In 2018, the dispute was settled, with the SU receiving expanded rights to manage the building perpetually for the life of the building.
See also
List of Alberta students' associations
The Quality Money Conflict of 2016
References
External links
Official student newspaper
University Site
Calgary
Students' Union
Organizations based in Calgary
This is a list of Michelin starred restaurants in Japan.
List
Tokyo (東京) [Kantō region 関東地方]
Kyoto (京都), Ōsaka (大阪), Hyōgo (Kobe) 兵庫 (神戸), Nara (奈良) [Kansai region 関西地方]
2021 - 2030
2010 - 2020
Hokkaido region [北海道地方]
Toyama (富山), Kanazawa (金沢) of Ishikawa Prefecture (石川), Niigata (新潟) [Hokuriku region 北陸地方, i.e. northwestern Chūbu region 中部地方]
Aichi (愛知), Gifu (岐阜), Mie (三重) [Tōkai region 東海地方, i.e. southern Chūbu region 中部地方]
Fukuoka (福岡), Saga (佐賀), Nagasaki (長崎), Kumamoto (熊本), Ōita (大分) [Kyushu region 九州地方]
Hiroshima (広島)，Ehime (愛媛)，Tottori (鳥取)，Okayama (岡山) [Chūgoku region 中国地方]
2018 - 2021
See also
List of Japanese restaurants
List of Michelin three starred restaurants
List of sushi restaurants
References
Michelin starred restaurants in Japan
Japanese restaurants
Michelin Guide starred restaurants in Japan
Nemacerota stueningi is a moth in the family Drepanidae. It was described by Gyula M. László, Gábor Ronkay, László Aladár Ronkay and Thomas Joseph Witt in 2007. It is found in Shaanxi, China.
References
Moths described in 2007
Thyatirinae
Constant air volume (CAV) is a type of heating, ventilating, and air-conditioning (HVAC) system. In a simple CAV system, the supply air flow rate is constant, but the supply air temperature is varied to meet the thermal loads of a space.
Most CAV systems are small, and serve a single thermal zone. However, variations such as CAV with reheat, CAV multizone, and CAV primary-secondary systems can serve multiple zones and larger buildings.
In mid- to large-size buildings, new central CAV systems are somewhat rare. Due to fan energy savings potential, variable air volume (VAV) systems are more common. However, in small buildings and residences, CAV systems are often the system of choice due to their simplicity, low cost, and reliability. Such small CAV systems often have on/off control, rather than supply air temperature modulation, to vary their heating or cooling capacities.
There are two types of CAV systems that are commonly in use to modify the supply air temperature: the terminal reheat system and the mixed air system.
The terminal reheat system cools the air in the air handling unit down to the lowest possible needed temperature within its zone of spaces. This supplies a comfortable quality to the space, but wastes energy.
The mixed air system has two air streams, typically one for the coldest and one for the hottest needed air temperature in the zone. The two air streams are strategically combined to offset the space's load. The mixed air system option is not as proficient at controlling the humidity, yet it does do well at controlling the temperature.
References
Mechanical engineering
Heating, ventilation, and air conditioning
Hemicircus is a genus of birds in the woodpecker family Picidae. Members of the genus are found in India and Southeast Asia.
These are small woodpeckers with short tails. The plumage is mainly black and white.
The genus was introduced in 1837 by the English naturalist William John Swainson with the grey-and-buff woodpecker (Hemicircus concretus) as the type species. The genus name combines the Ancient Greek 'hēmi meaning "half" or "small" and kerkos meaning "tail".
Species
The genus contains two species:
References
Bird genera
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
HSC Wight Ryder I is one of two high-speed passenger catamarans operated by Wightlink on the Ryde to Portsmouth ferry route.
Both vessels left their construction site in the Philippines in June 2009, and began service in September 2009. In preparation for their arrival, berth improvements at Portsmouth Harbour and Ryde Pier were carried out. Following the introduction of the Wight Ryders into service, the existing vessels, FastCat Ryde and FastCat Shanklin were phased out, and eventually sold to new owners in Bristol.
Unlike the older catamarans, the new vessels do not feature yellow and white "FastCat" branding, but are painted in a similar livery to Wightlink's larger car ferries. They include an open-air upper deck whereas the previous catamarans were fully enclosed.
On introduction, the vessels were criticised for being too slow and too small, with a seating capacity reduced from 294 to 260. Wightlink stated that a new timetable would be introduced offering more services during the day to ensure that there would be sufficient places to meet demand. The maximum speed is 26 knots compared to 34 knots for the earlier vessels, but as significant time is spent in the speed-limited region round Portsmouth Harbour, only a couple of minutes are lost, and fuel consumption is significantly less. However, the tight turnarounds can give cumulative delays if only one vessel is in operation on an hourly service.
A private naming and dedication ceremony took place on 17 September 2009 following the issuing of the passenger certificate. The vessels were initially expected to go into service on 21 September, with two days of discounted travel enabling passengers to trial the new vessels, but this was later postponed and occurred towards the end of September.
Following the launch, further problems arose when Wight Ryder II suffered a generator fault. This was followed by more problems on a later crossing involving a bang. The vessel returned to Ryde Pier, and was temporarily replaced with an older FastCat vessel. Wightlink were criticised by passengers for poor levels of communication. The older FastCats were again drafted in the following weekend when engineers discovered fuel contamination affecting both vessels.
References
External links
Ships of Wightlink
2009 ships
The William Hilleary House, or Hilleary-Magruder House, is a historic home located at Bladensburg in Prince George's County, Maryland, United States. The house is the only 18th-century stone, gambrel-roofed house in Prince George's County. It is now surrounded to the south and west by an exit ramp connecting Kenilworth Avenue with Annapolis Road.
It was built between 1742 and 1764 by William Hilleary. The house passed through a number of 18th-century owners, including Richard Henderson. Henderson was a prominent merchant and land speculator, who served as a County Justice and was well known for their "paper wars" in local newspapers. George Washington's diary, May 9, 1787, states that they dined at Richard Henderson's in Bladensburgh. Henderson sold the property in 1793 to Major David Ross, son of the surgeon and merchant Dr. David Ross who had died in 1777–8 ?, as well as business partner of Henderson's in the Frederick Forge on Antietam Creek. Ross' father, Dr. David Ross, was the "Agent Victualer" for the Maryland troops during the French and Indian war. Father Dr. David Ross owned the famed "Ross Home", which was often referred to as the old brick hospital. In August 1814, the Ross Home was used for a hospital during the Battle of Bladensburg of the War of 1812. Dr. Ross was an original inhabitant of Bladensburg, had served as a Town Commissioner, and from 1750 to 1759 had been a Justice of the County Court.
The William Hilleary House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. In 1979 Prince George's Heritage, Inc., took on the ownership and restoration of the Hilleary-Magruder House.
References
External links
, including photo in 2007, at Maryland Historical Trust website
Magruder House, 4703 Annapolis Road (Bladensburg Road), Bladensburg, Prince George's County, MD: 15 photos and 13 data pages, at Historic American Buildings Survey
A historical research report prepared for the State Highway Administration contains a history of the Hilleary-Magruder House and two of the other historic sites in the area, Market Master's House and the George Washington House/Indian Queen.
http://www.princegeorges1812.org/Bladensburg/bladensburg-history/Bladensburg_Historical_Research_Project.pdf
Historic American Buildings Survey in Maryland
Houses in Prince George's County, Maryland
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Maryland
Houses completed in 1764
1764 establishments in Maryland
National Register of Historic Places in Prince George's County, Maryland
Bladensburg, Maryland
Sara Khan or Sarah Khan may refer to:
Sara Khan (activist) (born 1980), British activist
Sara Khan (actor, born 1985), Indian actor
Sara Khan (actor, born 1989), Indian actor
Sarah Mahboob Khan (born 1991), Pakistani tennis player
Sara Ali Khan (born 1995, Indian actor and daughter of Saif Ali Khan
Sara Raza Khan (fl. 2009–2016), Pakistani singer
Sarah Khan (fl. 2012–present), Pakistani actor in Urdu
See also
Saira Khan (born 1970), British television personality and celebrity
Moody Nolan is based in Columbus, Ohio and is the largest African-American owned and operated architecture firm in the country. In 2021, it was the recipient of The American Institute of Architects (AIA) Architecture FIrm Award. The firm provides services to residences, commercial buildings, retail, sports, hospitals and cultural institutions.
Founded by architect Curt Moody and engineer Howard E. Nolan in 1983 with the distinct goal of developing a portfolio of private-sector projects unlike other minority firms. The firm has 12 office locations and 230 employees. In 2014, the civil engineering practice split off to form Moody Engineering. In 2018, the firm founded the Legacy House Project, which annually gifts a house to a family in need.
In 2020, Curt Moody's son, Jonathan Moody, became the CEO.
Awards
2000 National Organization of Minority Architects' (NOMA) Firm of the Year
2021 AIA Architecture Firm Award
See also
Atlanta Central Library
References
External links
Architecture firms based in Ohio
Companies based in the Columbus, Ohio metropolitan area
The Henry Hollister House, on Chapel Ridge Rd. near Cumberland City, Tennessee, is a historic house built around 1850. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
It was deemed significant for its association with Henry Hollister, an ironmaster in Stewart and Houston counties. The house is also "a good example of transitional Greek Revival/Italianate design. Distinguishing features include an unusual combination of common and Flemish bond brick, a bracketed frieze, and paneled wood trim."
References
National Register of Historic Places in Stewart County, Tennessee
Greek Revival architecture in Tennessee
Italianate architecture in Tennessee
Houses completed in 1850
Big Sonic Heaven is a 24/7 Internet radio station and blog created, hosted and produced by Darren Revell.
The first chapter of Big Sonic Heaven had an eight-year run from 1995-2003 on Detroit, Michigan, radio station WPLT (now WDVD). Big Sonic Heaven aired every Sunday evening for four hours and featured shoegaze, dream pop, trip hop, Britpop, and electronic by bands such as Cocteau Twins, My Bloody Valentine, Dead Can Dance, Portishead (band), Depeche Mode, Ride, Slowdive, The Cure, Hooverphonic, Siouxsie and the Banshees, and The Smiths to name a few. Additionally, Revell was instrumental in providing local talent with a radio presence. Revell made a significant impact in Detroit with the program, as there were very few radio shows that catered to this genre and its fans.
Revell revived Big Sonic Heaven on Los Angeles, California, radio station Indie 103.1 in January 2007. The two-hour program aired Mondays through Thursdays at 10 p.m. On January 15, 2009, Indie 103.1 went off the air.
On September 12, 2010, Big Sonic Heaven returned to the airwaves via the Internet on Strangeways Radio. The show briefly aired from 9-11 p.m. Eastern Time on Sunday nights.
In May 2013, Revell launched bigsonicheaven.com, where Big Sonic Heaven podcasts could be streamed.
On March 10th, 2020, Revell launched the Big Sonic Heaven 24/7 Internet radio station via bigsonicheaven.com with free iPhone & Android mobile apps. Big Sonic Heaven is now heard worldwide 24 hours-a-day with Revell hosting new & classic Big Sonic Heaven music, commercial-free.
External links
bigsonicheaven.com
facebook.com/bigsonicheaven
twitter.com/bigsonicheaven
soundcloud.com/bigsonicheaven
Notes
American music radio programs
The Torrent () is a Canadian drama film, directed by Simon Lavoie and released in 2012. An adaptation of Anne Hébert's novella Le Torrent, the film centres on the life of François (played by Anthony Therrien as a child and Victor Andrés Trelles Turgeon as an adult), a man who was raised by their devoutly religious and abusive mother Claudine (Dominique Quesnel). Left deaf when their refusal to obey their demand that they enter the seminary to become a Catholic priest led Claudine to hit them on the head, they have continued to live in rural isolation, and struggles to establish human connection when they purchase Amica (Laurence Leboeuf), a woman being sold into slavery who is eerily similar to their mother in their youth.
The film premiered at the Festival du nouveau cinéma in October 2012.
The film received six Prix Jutra nominations at the 15th Jutra Awards in 2013, for Best Actor (Trelles Turgeon), Best Actress (Quesnel), Best Art Direction (Éric Barbeau), Best Cinematography (Mathieu Laverdière), Best Original Music (Normand Corbeil) and Best Sound (Luc Boudrias, Marcel Chouinard and Patrice Leblanc).
Plot summary
Cast
Victor Andrés Trelles Turgeon as François
Laurence Leboeuf as Amica / Claudine (jeune)
Dominique Quesnel as Claudine
Anthony Therrien as François (enfant)
Marco Bacon as Colporteur
Roger Blay as Clochard
Normand Canac-Marquis as Proviseur
Aubert Pallascio as Vieil instituteur
Martin Desgagné as instituteur
References
External links
2012 films
Canadian drama films
Films based on Canadian novels
Films directed by Simon Lavoie
Films scored by Normand Corbeil
Films set in Quebec
French-language Canadian films
2010s Canadian films
This is a list of University of Louisiana at Lafayette presidents from the University of Louisiana at Lafayette (UL Lafayette), in Lafayette, Louisiana. The school has had six presidents spanning more than a century.
Over the years the university held different names, including Southwestern Louisiana Industrial Institute (SLII) from 1898 to 1920; Southwestern Louisiana Institute of Liberal and Technical Learning (SLI) from 1921 to 1959; and the University of Southwestern Louisiana (USL) from 1960 to 1998.
Edwin Lewis Stephens, 1900–1938
Edwin Lewis Stephens (1873–1938) was named the first president of Southwestern Louisiana Industrial Institute, on January 3, 1900. Stephens was 27 years old at the time. During their administration, the first Martin Hall, the President's House, DeClouet Hall, Foster Hall, McNaspy Stadium, and O.K. Allen Hall were constructed. Stephens also initiated the alumni association, The Vermilion newspaper, and L'Acadien yearbook. They retired as president emeritus in 1938.
Lether Edward Frazar, 1938–1941
Lether Edward Frazar (1904–1960) became president of UL Lafayette in 1938. Although Frazar served as president for only two and a half years, they supervised the construction of many of the buildings and halls that still stand on campus and form the physical personality of the university. They retired in 1941.
Joel Lafayette Fletcher, 1941–1966
Joel L. Fletcher was president of the university for 25 years, from 1941 to 1966, and was known for never permitting a student to resign from college without a personal interview to discover why the student wanted to leave school and to seek a solution to the student's problem. Fletcher served higher education for a total of 45 years. In the 1950s, President Dwight Eisenhower appointed them to the Federal Reserve Board for the Louisiana region.
Clyde Lee Rougeou, 1966–1974
Clyde Rougeou served as SLI's president from 1966 to 1974. During their eight years as president, enrollment at UL Lafayette increased from 8,400 to more than 12,000 students. And through their guidance and effort, the university expanded academically. In 1968, UL Lafayette became a doctoral-granting institution. It also added graduate programs in English, history, microbiology, mathematics, statistics, education, and computer science. Rougeou coordinated more than $34 million in building projects on campus.
Construction completed during their presidency included Angelle Hall, Maxim Doucet Hall, Wharton Hall, the Student Union, Cajun Field, the Athletic Complex, and the two upper floors of Dupré Library. They were named Outstanding UL Lafayette Alumnus from the College of Agriculture in 1966.
Ray P. Authement, 1974–2008
Ray Authement took office in 1974, and served until 2008. During their presidency UL Lafayette developed a Ph.D. program in computer science, along with doctoral programs in math, English and history. Under their guidance, UL Lafayette became the state's second largest university and earned the distinction of being the first public university in the state to earn a Doctoral II ranking.
In 1997, Authement and a group of supporters launched a campaign to increase the university's privately held assets to $75 million with the majority of funds to be used for endowed chairs, professorships, and scholarships. After reaching its goals early, the campaign then exceeded them.
Joseph Savoie, 2008–present
Joseph Savoie took office in 2008. Prior to their appointment in 1996 as the state's Commissioner of Higher Education, they served in many roles on the UL Lafayette campus, including vice president for university advancement, executive director of the alumni association, program director for the Union Program Council and student government adviser, as well as an adjunct assistant professor.
See also
List of University of Louisiana at Lafayette people
References
Louisiana at Lafayette
Presidents
Pr
Todd Township may refer to several places:
In Canada
Todd Township, Kenora District, Ontario (geographic / historical)
In the United States
Todd Township, Hubbard County, Minnesota
Todd Township, Craig County, Oklahoma (historical)
Todd Township, Fulton County, Pennsylvania
Todd Township, Huntingdon County, Pennsylvania
See also
Todd (disambiguation)
Township name disambiguation pages
Tony Mahr (born January 8, 1986 in Helsingborg) is a Swedish football player who has played for Helsingborgs IF most of their adult life.  They are a left wing full-back and has made 31 caps for Sweden at different youth levels. They made their debut for Helsingborg on 17 July 2006 as an 85th-minute substitute against BK Häcken. Having problem to take a place in the Helsingborg team. They 2007 signed for the Superettan team Assyriska FF, who they 2008 left for the Division 2 team Ramlösa Södra FF.
Career
Helsingborgs IF -2007,
Assyriska FF 2007-2008,
Ramlösa Södra FF 2008-
External links
Swedish footballers
Helsingborgs IF players
1986 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Helsingborg
Sweden youth international footballers
Association football fullbacks
Jens Vorsatz (born 13 January 1971 in Schwerte, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a German slalom canoer who competed in the early-to-mid 1990s. They finished 29th in the K-1 event at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.
References
Sports-Reference.com profile
1971 births
Living people
People from Schwerte
Sportspeople from Arnsberg (region)
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
German male canoeists
Olympic canoeists of Germany
The men's road race at the 1980 UCI Road World Championships was the 47th edition of the event. The race took place on Sunday 31 August 1980 in Sallanches, France. The race was won by Bernard Hinault of France.
Final classification
References
Men's Road Race
UCI Road World Championships – Men's road race
1980 Super Prestige Pernod
W. G. Grace played mostly for Gloucestershire County Cricket Club and Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) during the five seasons from 1887 to 1891. They also represented England in Test cricket.
1887 English cricket season
Grace's best return in the 1880s was 2,062 runs in 1887 with six centuries.
Grace made 24 first-class appearances in 1887, scoring 2,062 runs, with the highest score of 183 not out, at an average of 54.26 with 6 centuries and 8 half-centuries. In the field, they took 21 catches and 97 wickets with the best analysis of 7–53. Their bowling average was 21.46; they had 5 wickets in an innings 7 times and 10 wickets in a match once.
1888 English cricket season
In 1888, they scored two centuries in one match v Yorkshire (148 and 153) and labelled this "my champion match".
Grace made 33 first-class appearances in 1888, scoring 1,886 runs, with the highest score of 215, at an average of 32.51 with 4 centuries and 7 half-centuries. In the field, they took 34 catches and 93 wickets with the best analysis of 6–74. Their bowling average was 18.18; they had 5 wickets in an innings 6 times.
1889 English cricket season
Grace had reduced their bowling somewhat in the last few seasons and they became an occasional bowler only from 1889.
Grace made 24 first-class appearances in 1889, scoring 1,396 runs, with the highest score of 154, at an average of 32.46 with 3 centuries and 7 half-centuries. In the field, they took 22 catches and 44 wickets with the best analysis of 8–37. Their bowling average was 23.18; they had 5 wickets in an innings twice and 10 wickets in a match once.
1890 English cricket season
Grace made 30 first-class appearances in 1890, scoring 1,476 runs, with the highest score of 109 not out, at an average of 28.38 with 1st century and 9 half-centuries. In the field, they took 31 catches and 61 wickets with the best analysis of 6–68. Their bowling average was 19.37; they had 5 wickets in an innings 3 times.
1891 English cricket season
Injury problems, particularly a bad knee, took their toll in the early 1890s and Grace had their worst season in 1891 when they scored no centuries and could only average 19.76.
Grace made 24 first-class appearances in 1891, scoring 771 runs, with the highest score of 72 not out, at an average of 19.76 with 0 centuries and 5 half-centuries. In the field, they took 19 catches and 58 wickets with the best analysis of 7–38. Their bowling average was 16.77; they had 5 wickets in an innings 5 times and 10 wickets in a match once.
References
External links
CricketArchive – W.G. Grace
Bibliography
English cricket seasons from 1864 to 1889
English cricket seasons from 1890 to 1918
1887
A.C. Carpi is an Italian professional football club based in Carpi a city in the province of Modena. The club was founded in 1909, re-founded in 2000 and 2022.
Carpi's colours are white and red, hence the nickname "Biancorossi". At the end of the 2012–13 season, Carpi won their first promotion to Serie B. On 28 April 2015, the Biancorossi won their first promotion to Serie A, but were relegated back to Serie B after only one season.
The Golden Era ended in 2019, with the relegation back in Serie C after five seasons in Serie B and one season in Serie A.
The Biancorossi have won a handful of league titles, including: the old Lega Pro Seconda Divisione; Serie B once; Serie C once; and Serie D four times. At the regional level, Carpi has won Promozione, Prima Divisione, and two Prima Categoria titles.
History
A.C. Carpi (1909–2000)
The club was founded in the summer of 1909 by local student Adolfo Fanconi as Jucunditas (Latin for "gaiety"), and changed their denomination to Associazione Calcio Carpi a few years later. Carpi played three seasons in the Italian Football Championship, the precursor to Serie A, from the 1919–20 season until 1921–22. Starting from the 1930s, they mostly played between Serie C and Serie D. Carpi achieved their best result in 1997, a third-placed finish under coach Luigi De Canio which allowed them to play the Serie B promotion playoffs then lost to Monza. The club was cancelled in 2000 following relegation to Serie D and subsequent bankruptcy.
Carpi F.C. 1909 (2000–2021)
A new club, named Calcio Carpi, was therefore admitted to Eccellenza Emilia–Romagna. The club assumed the current denomination in 2002, following promotion to Serie D and a merger with the second team of the city, Dorando Pietri Carpi, that had just reached Serie D as well. Pietri Carpi also sold its license to Boca.
At the end of the 2009–10 season, through repechage due to the number of teams with financial difficulties, the club was admitted into Lega Pro Seconda Divisione. In 2010–11, the club's first season in the higher division, it was promoted again to Lega Pro Prima Divisione. Because of the work being done on their stadium, the Sandro Cabassi, the team played in the Mapei Stadium – Città del Tricolore in the 2011–12 season.
Serie B (2013)
In the season 2012–13 the team was promoted from Lega Pro Prima Divisione to Serie B for the first time when they defeated Lecce in the Girone A Play-off Final 2–1 on aggregate. This was the club's third promotion in just four seasons.
Carpi FC's first fixture at Serie B level ended in a 1–0 defeat away to Ternana on 24 August 2013. Their first win was a 2–0 victory at Spezia courtesy of goals from Fabio Concas & Roberto Inglese. Carpi's first season in Serie B ended in a 12th-place finish, only three points away from a promotion play-off place, ensuring their place for another season.
Serie A debut promotion (2015)
The 2014–15 Serie B campaign saw Carpi, managed by experienced coach Fabrizio Castori, completing the first half of the season (21 games) in a first place, with a record of 43 points and a nine-point advantage over second-placed Frosinone. On 28 April 2015, after a goalless draw with Bari, the club was promoted for the first time to Serie A.
Carpi's first season saw a complete overhaul of the squad from the season previous due to the departure of long-time director of football Cristiano Giuntoli, who had masterminded the club's rise from the amateur Serie D to the top flight, to Napoli. They were subsequently replaced by Sean Sogliano.
On 28 September 2015, after a 1–5 loss to Roma, the club announced it had relieved Castori of their coaching duties with immediate effect, replacing them with Giuseppe Sannino in the first managerial change of the 2015–16 Serie A season. Carpi had achieved just two points from its opening six matches. On 3 November, the club performed a U-turn, and Castori was rehired. The club's debut top-flight season ultimately ended in relegation by a single point, with the club having found itself in a relegation dogfight from virtually the start of the season.
The following season saw another complete reconstruction of the first-team, with several important players returning to their parent clubs from loan, as Carpi sought an immediate return to Serie A. However, they fell to Benevento in the playoff final.
Decline and Bankruptcy (2017–2021)
In the 2017–18 Serie B season, Carpi placed 11th, but the following season was marred by difficulties that caused the team's relegation to Serie C after six years, after having placed last with just 29 points.
The 2019–20 Serie C season started well for Carpi, which placed second in its group before the COVID-19 pandemic halted the season. Carpi then went to the playoffs, but lost to Novara in the quarter finals.
The following season saw Carpi placing 15th in its group, narrowly avoiding relegation.
However, in July 2021, the COVISOC rejected the club's admission to the 2021–22 Serie C, citing unpaid taxes and contributions between 2020 and 2021. The club was successively excluded entirely from Italian football.
Athletic Carpi / A.C. Carpi (2021–current)
In 2021, following the disbandment of the original Carpi, a new but distinct club named Athletic Carpi played in the 2021–22 Serie D season. On 13 September 2022, the club, renamed A.C. Carpi, eventually acquired all the naming and historical rights of the original one, thus formally becoming the direct heir of Carpi FC 1909.
Honours
Domestic
League
Serie B
Winners (1): 2014–15
Seconda Divisione
Winners (1): 1922–23
Serie C
Winners (1): 1945–46
Lega Pro Seconda Divisione/Girone A
Champions (1): 2010–11
Serie D
Winners (3): 1963–64, 1973–74, 1977–78
Cups
Coppa Italia Lega Pro
Runners-up (1): 2010–11
Supercoppa di Lega di Seconda Divisione
Runners-up (1): 2010–11
Regional
Promozione
Winners (1): 1914–15
Prima Divisione
Winners (1): 1949–50
Prima Categoria
Winners (2): 1960–61, 1961–62
Youth
Campionato Nazionale Dante Berretti
Serie C Winners (1): 1990–91
Club records
League
In 81 football seasons starting from the onset at the national level in the Northern League in 1922:
Regional
In 12 seasons starting from the onset at the regional level in Promozione in 1914:
Individual
Notable former managers
József Zilisy (1942–43)
Gianni De Biasi (1993–96)
Luigi De Canio (1996–97)
Walter De Vecchi (1997–98)
Egidio Notaristefano (2011–12)
Giuseppe Pillon (2014)
Fabrizio Castori (2014–15)
Giuseppe Sannino (2015)
Fabrizio Castori (2015–17)
References
External links
Official homepage
Official Twitter
The club goes in A on ''Il Mostardino.it.
Football clubs in Italy
Football clubs in Emilia-Romagna
Association football clubs established in 1909
Italian football First Division clubs
Serie A clubs
Serie B clubs
Serie C clubs
1909 establishments in Italy
Dhirkamandau is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census, it had a population of 1754 living in 355 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Doti District
Populated places in Doti District
Aditya Rout (born 27 October 2003) is an Indian cricketer. They made their Twenty20 debut on 10 January 2021, for Odisha in the 2020–21 Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy.
References
External links
2003 births
Living people
Indian cricketers
Odisha cricketers
People from Koraput district
Cricketers from Odisha
Walter Carter may refer to:
Walter C. Carter (1929–2002), Canadian politician
Walter P. Carter (1923–1971), civil rights activist in Baltimore
Walter E. Carter Jr., Vice Admiral and Naval Flight Officer, formerly president of the U.S. Naval War College and current Superintendent, United States Naval Academy
Verte Island is a small rocky island north of the Double Islands and east of the tip of Zelee Glacier Tongue. It was photographed from the air by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump, 1946–47. It was charted by the French Antarctic Expedition, 1949–51, and so named by them because of its greenish appearance, "verte" being French for green.
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
Islands of Adélie Land
Anssi Einar Koivuranta (born 3 July 1988) is a retired Finnish ski jumper and former Nordic combined skier, best known for winning the 2008–09 FIS Nordic Combined World Cup. They won the gold medal in the 4 × 5 km team event and a bronze medal in the 15 km Gundersen race at the 2007 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Sapporo. After winning a Ski Jumping World Cup competition in Innsbruck on 4 January 2014, Koivuranta became the first ever athlete in history of ski jumping to win an event in both Nordic combined and the ski jumping World Cup.
Early life and career
Born in Kuusamo, Koivuranta represents the sports club Kuusamon Erä Veikot from Kuusamo. They began ski jumping when they were six years old, breaking their arm in a jump during their first year. They took up Nordic combined when they were eight. Koivuranta eventually grew to be tall; their weight is .
Koivuranta made their international debut in the B World Cup in March 2003. They competed in the World Cup for the first time in Kuusamo 2003, but was disqualified from both races because their skis were too long compared to their length and weight (BMI rule). In February 2004 they won a bronze medal at the Junior World Championships in Stryn. In March 2004, at the very end of the 2003–04 season, Koivuranta made their proper debut in the World Cup circuit—in two races in Lahti, they finished 24th and 23rd respectively.
Nordic combined career (2003-2010)
World Cup breakthrough
In December the same year, in early 2004/05 season, they finished among the top ten for the first time, with an eighth place in the sprint race in Trondheim. Their first podium achievement came in January 2005, with a third place in Sapporo. Almost one month later, they finished sixth in the sprint distance at the 2005 World Championships. Before the season was over, they would win a bronze medal at the Junior World Championships in Rovaniemi.
Period 2005–2008
The 2005/06 season saw Koivuranta open with a second place, in Kuusamo in November. During the course of the season they achieved another second place as well as two third places. They also earned a bronze medal in the 4 x 5 team event at the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin. In December 2006 they achieved two second places in a row, and followed with consistent achievements among the top fifteen. At the 2007 World Championships in Sapporo they won the gold medal in the 4 x 5 km team event, a bronze medal in the 15 km Gundersen race and finished fourth in the sprint. At their last Junior World Championships, held in Tarvisio in March 2007, they won a gold and a silver medal. The same level of performance continued in the 2007–08 season, placing them twice on the podium.
World Cup winner 2008/09
Having been among the better ski jumpers in the Nordic combined sport since 2004, Koivuranta struggled somewhat in the cross-country skiing part. Concentrating on improving their cross-country skiing abilities, from 2005 they managed to improve little by little. They owed their increased share of podium achievements to this training. By 2008/09 season Koivuranta had become one of the better cross-country skiers as well, in part thanks to a newly appointed coach to the Finnish national team. Koivuranta won their first World Cup race in November 2008 in Kuusamo. They followed up with victories in Trondheim and Oberhof in December, and Schonach and Chaux Neuve in January. The World Championships in Liberec 2009, was not successful for Koivuranta as they did not win any medals at all, and their best results were two fourth places . Koivuranta was also sick during the World Championships which affected their results and that they were unable to compete in the team competition.
On 14 March Koivuranta won the Gundersen event at Vickersund, the penultimate race of the season. The following day they finished 8th in the 2nd Gundersen of the weekend. This was high enough for them to clinch the 2008–09 FIS Nordic Combined World Cup, their first world cup title, finishing 100 points above the man in second place, Magnus Moan.
Planica 2009
Koivuranta's personal best ski jump is 214,5 metres as trial jumper in Planica.
It was in the second training round that they jumped 214,5 and was in second place. It is worth mentioning that the best jumper jumped with lower speed.
Season 2009/10
Koivuranta's best placement for the 2009–10 season was a 2nd place. The season as a whole was a disappointment for Anssi who struggled with persistent sickness throughout the winter and as a result, failed to match the successes of their previous championship year. In January 2010 they had a problem with a tooth injury. At the 2010 Winter Olympics, Koivuranta finished seventh in the 4 x 5 km team and eighth in the 10 km individual normal hill. They competed in the 10 km individual large hill event, but withdrew prior to the start of the cross-country section of that event, following a poor result in the ski jumping section in difficult conditions. This would also prove to be Koivuranta's final season in Nordic Combined before their transition to ski jumping.
Nordic combined world cup
Standings
Wins
Ski jumping career (2011–)
Ski jumping was the slightly better discipline for Koivuranta in the combined, although later in their career they became almost as good cross country skier as they were a ski jumper.
In 2009 Koivuranta had won the Finnish ski jumping championship, ahead of the national team ski jumpers. In March 2009 they jumped 214.5 metres in Planica ski flying hill.
In 2010 Koivuranta suffered Mycoplasma pneumonia. The disease prevented them from doing any physical endurance practice which resulted in their decision to fully concentrate on ski jumping. They got the right to compete in the Ski jumping World Cup by placing 15th and 3rd in the Summer Continental Cup competitions in October. The main goal for Koivuranta for the season 2010/11 was to get themselves to the Finnish ski jumping team. Pekka Niemelä, the head coach of the national team, said that Koivuranta was already very close to the national team level.
April 5, 2011 Koivuranta said that they would continue with ski jumping instead of Nordic combined.
In 2011–12 season, they finished fourth in Lahti, improving their personal best World Cup result.
On January 4, 2014, Koivuranta took their first Ski Jumping World Cup victory in Innsbruck, thus making history and becoming the first athlete ever to win in both Nordic Combined and Ski Jumping World Cups. After placing 10th at Wisla and getting a further 9th place at Zakopane, Koivuranta gained praise from Finland's head coach Pekka Niemelä: "Koivuranta has started to stabilize their spot in the top ten. When you can (consistently) jump at such a high level, you will also start to get days when everything goes right getting you on top of the podium"
Hill Records
Kanzlersgrund, the K-120 hill in Oberhof, with 147 metres.
Vikersund K-105 which is 122,5 metres is also held by Koivuranta.
Non-official record in Liberec K90 with 106,5 metres.
At 148,5 metres they have also jumped the furthest in the Vogtlandarena in Klingenthal, but they fell just after landing as the pressure on their legs was too high.
Ski jumping world cup
Standings
Wins
References
External links
1988 births
Finnish male Nordic combined skiers
Living people
Nordic combined skiers at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Nordic combined skiers at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Ski jumpers at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Finland
Olympic Nordic combined skiers of Finland
Olympic ski jumpers of Finland
People from Kuusamo
Olympic medalists in Nordic combined
FIS Nordic World Ski Championships medalists in Nordic combined
Medalists at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from North Ostrobothnia
Sir Henry Ernest Marking (11 March 1920 - 16 May 2002) KCVO CBE was a British business person and a former chairperson and chief executive of British European Airways (BEA), which became British Airways.
Early life
They were the son of a butcher, born in Saffron Walden in Essex. They attended Saffron Walden Grammar School.
Career
World War II
They were an army officer in the Second World War, being awarded the Military Cross (MC) in 1944 for conduct in the Battle of Anzio in February 1944. They served in North Africa, Italy and the Middle East (Egypt) with the Second Battalion of the Sherwood Foresters. They were an intelligence officer.
In September 1944 they studied for a year at the Middle East Centre for Arab Studies (MECAS), where they learnt Arabic. They then went to University College London (UCL) to read Law, having started in 1938.
British European Airways
They joined British European Airways in the legal department, becoming company secretary in October 1950. They became chief executive on 1 April 1964. In the 1950s they joined a government committee on customs law. They became involved with the Institute of Transport (now the CILT) as a consultant on aviation law and the Royal Aeronautical Society, where they planned its first air transport course in 1956. They became chairperson of BEA on 1 January 1971.
Under their leadership, British Airtours began in 1969 as BEA Airtours, taking its first commercial flight on 6 March 1970 from Gatwick Airport. They became chairperson on 1 January 1971. In April 1971, BEA was restructured into ten separate operating units. Later in 1971 they were involved with the new Airbus A300, as a possible replacement for BEA's main Hawker Siddeley Trident fleet.
On 2 May 1969, the Edwards Committee (led by Sir Ronald Edwards) had been published, which recommended that BEA merged with BOAC, which the government made a decision to proceed with in May 1972; the British Airways Group was formed on 1 September 1972, becoming the fully-fledged British Airways in April 1974.
British Airways
They were on the board of British Airways from 1971-80. In January 1977 British Airways adopted a single functional structure. They left British Airways at the end of August 1977, at the age of 57, having spent 28 years in the airline industry.
British Tourist Authority
On 4 August 1977 they were named as the Chairman of the British Tourist Authority (BTA) to take over on 1 September 1977 (since 2003 called VisitBritain); on their appointment they said I want visitors to see something other than London, the real Britain does not lie in the metropolis. Knowing the west of Essex well, they campaigned against the building of Stansted Airport.
Personal life
They were awarded the CBE in the 1969 Birthday Honours, and the knighted in the 1978 New Year Honours.
They died in 2002 aged 82. They never married. They lived to the west of the M11 in Uttlesford.
See also
Sir Charles Hardie, former chairperson of BOAC
Sir Peter Masefield (1914-2006), BEA chief executive from 1949–55
References
External links
British Airways 1970-79
1920 births
2002 deaths
Alumni of University College London
British airline chief executives
British Airways people
British Army personnel of World War II
British European Airways
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Knights Commander of the Royal Victorian Order
People educated at Saffron Walden Grammar School
People from Saffron Walden
Recipients of the Military Cross
Raúl Mario Ruidíaz Misitich (, Croatian: Misitić, born 25 July 1990) is a Peruvian professional footballer who currently plays for Major League Soccer club Seattle Sounders FC and the Peru national team, as a striker.
 They are of maternal Croatian descent and their nickname, "The Flea", stems from their small frame and their ability to get past defenders with great ball control. Ruidíaz began their career at Universitario de Deportes, a powerhouse of a club in Peru, where they became an idol during the 2011 season, at just 21 years old. In January 2012, they joined Primera División club Universidad de Chile.
Club career
Universitario
Ruidíaz grew up in the Lima neighbourhood of Villa María del Triunfo and made their first steps in club football at Primera División club Universitario de Deportes aged eight. In January 2008, the player was promoted to the first adult team and immediately loaned to América Cochahuayco, the club's filial team, directed by the coach Héctor Chumpitaz, an historic football player of the Peruvian national team in the 1982 World Cup. Their first professional goal was against Hijos de Acosvinchos. After the arrival of Jorge Gonzáles, they began to play as a striker.
Ruidíaz made their professional debut in the Peruvian First Division on 4 October 2009 against Total Chalaco in the Monumental, at the age of 19. The coach at the time, Juan Reynoso, decided to play them from the start of the match, which finished 2–1 in favor of Universitario. They finished the season by scoring 3 goals in 7 games in the Peruvian 2009 Championship and also won their first National title with Universitario de Deportes. Ruidíaz has often been called pequeño Messi (little Messi) in their home country, mainly because of their ability to charge a player one on one, as well as their unique technical skills.
Ruidiaz was listed among the greatest talents of South American football by O Globo Brazilian newspaper in 2010.
Universidad de Chile
On 20 January 2012, Ruidíaz was appointed as new player of the Primera División club Universidad de Chile. Despite some early success with their new club, Raul's lack of match fitness and the emergence of young talented strikers at the club Ruidíaz fell out of favour with the Universidad de Chile manager towards the end of the season. On 15 July 2012, Ruidíaz and club Universidad de Chile had mutually agreed to release him.
Morelia
After participating in the Copa América Centenario, Ruidíaz signed for Mexican club Monarcas Morelia on a season-long loan deal for a reported fee of €105,000. They were presented to the media in Morelia on 1 July 2016 and was given the number 9 shirt. Ruidíaz made their Liga MX debut on 15 July 2016 replacing Diego Valdés in a 2–0 away loss to Tijuana. The following week, in Morelia's home opener, Ruidíaz scored their first goal in a 2–2 draw against Querétaro. On 1 August 2016, Ruidíaz scored a hat-trick in a 4–2 away win against Santos Laguna. Ruidíaz ended the season with 11 goals which made them the season's top scorer along with Tijuana's Dayro Moreno.
Before Morelia's Clausura 2017 home opener against Tijuana, Ruidíaz was honored with a commemorative plaque at Estadio Morelos for being the club's first Liga MX scoring champion. Ruidíaz later scored the second goal in Morelia's 2–0 opening match victory over Tijuana. Later that night, it was announced Morelia signed Ruidíaz to a permanent three-year transfer. Later in the season Ruidíaz scored their second hat-trick for Morelia in a 4–0 win over UNAM. In the final game of the season, Ruidíaz scored a crucial game-winning goal in a 2–1 away victory over Monterrey. The goal helped Morelia avoid relegation, helped the team qualify to the liguilla and helped Ruidíaz win their second straight Liga MX scoring title.
Seattle Sounders FC
On 6 June 2018, it was reported that Ruidíaz would be signing a contract with MLS side Seattle Sounders FC. The signing was made official on June 29, as the club announced Ruidiaz as a Designated Player. They set club records for being the fastest to 10 goals in MLS play (in 14 games), and scoring in the most consecutive appearances (8 games).
On 10 November 2019, Ruidíaz scored Seattle's final goal in a 3–1 home win over Toronto FC in the MLS Cup Final.
In the 2022 CONCACAF Champions League Final, they scored two goals in a 3–0 win in the second leg against UNAM, in which their club secured their first title in the competition by winning 5–2 on aggregate.
International career
Ruidíaz made their international debut on 7 June 2011 in a 0–0 draw against Japan in Niigata in the Kirin Cup. In the same month, Ruidíaz was called up by coach Sergio Markarián to represent Peru in the Copa América held in Argentina, Ruidíaz was a member of the Peruvian squad that finished 3rd, after a 4–1 victory over Venezuela, Ruidíaz made only one appearance in the tournament in a match against Chile in which Peru lost 1–0.
Ruidíaz was named as a member of Peru's 23-man squad for the Copa América Centenario in 2016. In Peru's third group match against Brazil on 12 June 2016, Ruidíaz scored a controversial goal, a winner in the 75th minute by guiding the ball into the net with their arm. After a lengthy discussion between the referee and their assistant, the goal was allowed to stand, and Brazil went on to lose 1–0, resulting in their elimination from the tournament. The result sent Peru through to the knockout stage as winners of Group B.
In May 2018, they were named in Peru's provisional 24-man squad for the 2018 World Cup in Russia.
Career statistics
Club
International
International goals
As of match played 27 March 2018. Peru score listed first, score column indicates score after each Ruidíaz goal.
Honours
Universitario de Deportes
Torneo Descentralizado: 2009, 2013
Universidad de Chile
Primera División de Chile: 2012 Apertura
Seattle Sounders FC
MLS Cup: 2019
CONCACAF Champions League: 2022
Peru
Copa América runner-up: 2019; third place: 2011
Individual
Peruvian Primera División top scorer: 2013 Torneo Descentralizado
Liga MX Golden Boot: Apertura 2016, Clausura 2017
Liga MX Best XI: Apertura 2016, Clausura 2017
Liga MX Best Forward: 2016–17
Liga MX Balón de Oro: 2016–17
MLS Cup Playoffs top scorer: 2019
MLS Best XI: 2020, 2021
MLS All-Star: 2021, 2022
CONCACAF Champions League Best XI: 2022
References
External links
Raúl Ruidíaz at Football-Lineups
1990 births
Living people
Peruvian people of Croatian descent
Footballers from Lima
Peruvian footballers
Association football forwards
Peruvian Primera División players
Peruvian Segunda División players
Club Universitario de Deportes footballers
U América F.C. footballers
FBC Melgar footballers
Chilean Primera División players
Universidad de Chile footballers
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Coritiba Foot Ball Club players
Liga MX players
Atlético Morelia players
Major League Soccer players
Seattle Sounders FC players
Designated Players (MLS)
Peruvian expatriate footballers
Peruvian expatriate sportspeople in Brazil
Peruvian expatriate sportspeople in Chile
Peruvian expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Expatriate footballers in Chile
Expatriate footballers in Brazil
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Peru international footballers
2011 Copa América players
Copa América Centenario players
2018 FIFA World Cup players
2019 Copa América players
Chaukune () is a rural municipality located in Surkhet District of Karnali Province of Nepal.
References
External links
Official website
Populated places in Surkhet District
Rural municipalities in Karnali Province
Rural municipalities of Nepal established in 2017
Thomas Bland (1830–1908) was an American physician and activist.
Thomas Bland may also refer to:
Sir Thomas Bland, 1st baronet (1614–1657) of the Bland baronets
Sir Thomas Bland, 3rd baronet (1662–1668) of the Bland baronets
Thomas Bland (British physician), father of Rivett Henry Bland
Thomas Bland (British Army officer) on List of British Army full generals
See also
Van Independent School District is a public school district based in Van, Texas (USA).
In addition to Van, the district serves the city of Edom and the unincorporated community of Ben Wheeler. The district also serves a portion of western Smith County and extends into a small part of Henderson County.
In 2009, the school district was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency.
Schools
Van High School (Texas) (Grades 9-12)
Van Junior High (Grades 6-8)
Van Middle (Grades 4-6)
J.E. Rhodes Elementary North & South campuses (Grades PK-3)
References
External links
Official Website
Trombone Section Official Site
School districts in Van Zandt County, Texas
School districts in Henderson County, Texas
School districts in Smith County, Texas
(WSD) is a not for profit organization in Japan.
History
Worldwide Support for Development was registered as a specified non-profit juridical person (NPO) by The Metropolitan Tokyo in 2008. It is aimed to assist disadvantaged people and to support international cooperation, social welfare, universities and academic institutions. WSD has hitherto organized three World Opinion Leaders Summits as international conference, inviting Tony Blair, Bill Clinton, and Colin Powell.
It has also co-organized World Sports Summit for Peace in Tokyo together with the International Sports Promotion Society, a general incorporated association, and also has held charity concerts.
Organization
Chairman: Haruhisa Handa
Vice Chairman: Kenichi Ito, Tim Lankester
President of the Board of Directors: Yasumichi Inoue
Directors: Their Royal Highness Samdech Norodom Sirivudh, Kao Kim Hourn, Shuhei Koyama and Junnosuke Watanabe.
Main Event
Global Opinion Leaders Summit
It has organized an international conference to discuss on contribution to world peace and other themes.
World Sports Summit for Peace
WSD has been supporting a series of World Sports Summit for Peace since 2012. It co-sponsored the 2013 Summit held in Tokyo with International Sports Promotion Society.
Main Supporting Activities
International Social Welfare
Support for Cambodian Red Cross
Support for hurricane and flood victims in Laos in 2009
Building a nursing school and maternity hospital as a cooperative in support in the human development and medical fields in Laos.
Support for school education programs in Mengrager a poverty area in Indonesia in 2011
Support for the first generation of the Asia Business Project, which was an exchange business among Cambodia, Thailand, Vietnam, Myanmar and Laos organized by Nippon Kogyo Shimbun Co., Ltd. And Sankei Shimbun Co., Ltd.
Co-sponsored together with International Sports Promotion Society “X'mas Charity Pro-Wrestling Dinner Show” organized by Tokyo Art Foundation held on December 9, 2014 at Chinzanso. The proceeds of which were then donated to Santavale and was then presented a certificate of gratitude.
International Academic Support
Established and supported WSD Handa Center for Human Rights and International Justice at Stanford University. Michael Bolton serves as an Ambassador of the Center.
Supported Japan-China relations Study at the Literal Cultural Department at the University of Edinburgh.
Support for an Asian Gerontology Study Workshop organized by the Institute of Policy Studies.
Support for a Medical Fellowship at Corpus Christy College at Oxford University.
International Conference Support
Support for the Asia Economic Forum which has been held successively since 2005.
Support for the Symposium on Issues Related to Japan and the Middle East held on August 3, 2009
Support for hosting the international conference in Cambodia “Bridges” from September 2009 to April 2010.[7]
Support for organizing the “Japan- Egypt Forum” held on November 29 and 30 2009.
Main Cooperating Organizations
International Parliament Union (IPU)
In September 2013, WSD executed an agreement with the Inter-Parliamentary Union (IPU) on a project for strengthening democracy in the Asia region. The project is focused on promoting the involvement of women in parliament and in youth so as to strengthen the parliamentary potentiality, based on the fact that there are some nations with no female parliamentary members whatsoever.
Pacific Forum CSIS
WSD supports young leaders to be involved in the management of the Pacific Forum CSIS and to accumulate practical experience by participating in international conferences organized by the Pacific Forum CSIS, through WSD-Handa Fellowship Program.
Handa Terrorism Political Violence Research Center
WSD offers support for the Handa Terrorism Political Violence Research Center associated with University of St Andrews to support international conferences to study terrorism and political violence and scholarship for researchers.
Koffi Annan Foundation
WSD has been promoting the initiative of the Election Process Normalizing Initiative with the Kofi Annan Foundation.
Nelson Mandela Children's Fund
WSD support for the Nelson Mandela Children's Fund, in order to build a children's hospital with cutting edge medical facilities in South Africa. On December 11, 2013, WSD organized Toshu Fukami Christmas Charity Dinner Show, and donated all the proceeds to the Fund for the purpose of building the hospital.
Special Consulate of Cambodia in Fukuoka
Since 2009, WSD has been supporting a project for the Special Consulate of Cambodia in Fukuoka to recruit several students to study in Cambodia for short term overseas study.
Japan International Forum
WSD supports the Japan International Forum to broadcast discussion programs aimed at policy proposals and opinion advertisements in national newspapers. In 2009, WSD supported Japan International Forum worrying about the negative influence by the government representative's comment “we should compromise to accept 3.5 islands-return proposal”. on the dispute with Russia over the Kurile Islands, to advertise in several national newspapers. an opinion against it. WSD also supported Mr. Kenichi Ito, director-general of the Japan International Forum and others to advertise policy proposals in newspapers for the discussion program FACE “Thinking about the Return of Kurile Islands” of BS11. In October, 2009, WSD supported the Japan International Forum to submit a policy proposal to the Prime Minister, advertised an opinion in national newspapers on “Positive Pacifism and the way Japan-US Alliance Ought To Be”.
References
External links
Worldwide Support for Development (WSD)
Non-profit organizations based in Japan
Organizations based in Tokyo
2008 establishments in Japan
Bryan Borges Mascarenhas (born 3 August 1996), simply known as Bryan, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Náutico. Mainly an attacking midfielder, they can also play as a right back.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
Honours
Náutico
Campeonato Pernambucano: 2018,2021,2022
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Association football defenders
Association football midfielders
Campeonato Brasileiro Série C players
Esporte Clube Juventude players
Associação Chapecoense de Futebol players
Clube Náutico Capibaribe players
Sportspeople from Salvador, Bahia
Good Times with Mo (also known as Good Times) is a morning radio show on Magic 89.9 and previously on the Killerbee network around the Philippines, hosted by Mo Twister, Tin "Suzy" Gamboa, Dora Dorado and Ryan Racela every Monday to Thursday from 7 a.m. PST to 10 a.m. PST on Magic 89.9.
In addition to the radio program, Mo Twister created a separate, podcast version of their program under the title Good Times with Mo: The Podcast and is now currently on its 6th season.
History
The show has been on the air for four years starting in late 2005 when Mo returned from Los Angeles, California and was given the late night slot. They returned in February 2006 with Mojo Jojo as their co-host. Andi9 came to the picture in the late March 2006 as the replacement for Happy.
The show nearly collapsed in January 2007, when Andi left for the beach on New Year's Day in 2007. Mo originally proposed a 2-week suspension for them but later allowed them to invite a guest in Forbidden Questions. That guest was Andi's crush, Luis Alandy. Also, the iPod Luis' Christmas gift to Andi was to be auctioned to the highest bidder the Thursday after Forbidden Questions. They eventually went all the way to 40, thus saving Andi's job on Good Times With Mo, and their iPod nano. Despite this, Andi left the show the month after and Maui Taylor replaced them
However, after an on-air dispute between Mo Twister and Maui Taylor, Maui Taylor resigned from the show on May 30, 2008. Andi9 once again became their replacement but for only a few months as they would eventually retire from the show once more in November 2008. Mo and Andi9 allegedly had a relationship and Andi's parents was against Mr. Gumatay. Grace Lee was then assigned as their third female co-host.
Since June 5, 2006, Good Times with Mo was placed in the morning slot and is one of the Top 5 morning shows in Philippine Radio (both in FM and AM).
Since January 22, 2012, Angelika left the show due to conflicts with co-host Grace Lee. In February 2012, Mojo resigned from Good Times due to health reasons though they are still part of the radio. Suzy was introduced to the show.
On March 6, 2012, it was announced that Grace Lee had resigned from the show. They were replaced by Mia Bayuga.
On November 5, 2012, Makoy Pare ("Showbiz Bro"), a regular caller of the show, was given their own segment and was introduced to the show. In their segment, Makoy Pare ("Showbiz Bro") is called by the hosts to provide "local showbiz news".  They are currently the longest running co-host of the show.
In 2013, the show was under a five-month suspension and was replaced by First Thing in the Morning, hosted by Sam Oh and Gibb. Mo returned when the show was revived on December 2, 2013, with Sam and Gibb as co-hosts.
In January 2014, Mikey Bustos replaced Gibb, but Bustos themselves also ended up leaving a year after; after an off-air disagreement with their co-host Mo Twister. The show was temporarily a two-(wo)man army with Mo and Sam for many months (while also having guest co-hosts in Guji Lorenzana & Mara Aquino) before Bustos was officially replaced by Nikko Ramos in late November 2015.
In mid-2016, Senator Bam Aquino guested on Good Times with Mo. A few weeks later, they officially became a regular guest co-host once every week on the show until March 7, 2017.
In March 2018, DJ Sam Oh announced that they will be taking an indefinite leave from the show to do the Camino de Santiago. After they left in April, the show had numerous people sit-ins as they search for a new co-host in the event that Sam Oh does not return. On August 13, 2018, it was announced that KC Montero would be the new co-host.
Later towards the end of 2018, Nikko Ramos left the show, unannounced. Since then, Hannah Bacani filled-in for their place until in January 2019, when they are now the permanent co-host of the show replacing Ramos.
In October 2019, CJ Rivera and Suzy replaced Bacani when the latter moved to a new show "Wake Up Manila" airing from 5:00~7:00 a.m., while the former's show (Sunny Side Up) merged with Good Times thus reverting the show to a 3-hour program from a two-hour show which was done during Magic 89.9's reorganization of programming earlier that year.
Hosts
Current hosts (as of May 2022)
Mo Twister (2005–present)
Tin "Suzy" Gamboa (2012-2013, October 2019–present)
Dora Dorado (2020–present)
Ryan Racela (2022–present)
Former hosts
Andi-9 (2006-2007)
Maui Taylor (2007-2008)
Grace Lee (2007 - March 2012)
Mojo Jojo (2006 - February 2012)
Angelica "Angelicopter" Schmeing-Cruz (2010 - January 2012)
Mia Bayuga (2012)
Hannah Bacani (November 2018 – October 2019)
Noelle Bonus (February 2013 - August 2013)
Gibb (December 2013 - January 2014)
Mikey Bustos (January 2014 – July 2015)
Sam Oh (December 2013 – April 2018)
Nikko Ramos (September 2015 – 2018)
CJ Rivera (October 2019 – 2021)
Makoy Pare ("Showbiz Bro") (November 2012 – sometime in 2014~2015/Makoy is still an contributor to the show through occasional phone calls answering featured topics)
KC Montero (December 2018 – September 2021)
Games and antics
Specials
Guess The License Plate Number:
Chery QQ
Chevrolet Spark
Schedules
Bring Your Crush to Work Monday
Alternative Tuesday
Forbidden Questions Wednesdays
Industry Secrets Thursday
Forbidden Questions is a controversial segment, with previous guests including:
Tim Yap (October, 2006; 39 out of 40)
Lolit Solis (November, 2006; 40 out of 40)
John "Sweet" Lapus (December 13, 2006; 35 out of 40)
Antoinette Taus (December 20, 2006; 15 out of 40)
Rustom Padilla (January 3, 2007; 26 out of 40)
Hero Angeles (January 10, 2007; 35 out of 40)
Wilma Doesnt (January 31, 2007; 40 out of 40)
Jaycee Parker (March 21, 2007; 27 out of 40)
Mahal (July 18, 2007; 14 out of 40, current lowest scorer)
Gary Lising (July 25, 2007; 40 out of 40)
Rivermaya (September 19, 2007; 26 out of 40)
Ellen Adarna (September 5, 2013; 40 out of 40)
Bernard Palanca (November 21, 2013; 40 out of 40)
Kat Alano versus Mo Twister (40 out of 40)
Francine Prieto (January 23, 2014; 39 out of 40)
Maria Ozawa (November 23, 2015; 40 out of 40)
Maricar de Mesa (June 17, 2016; 39 out of 40)
Baron Geisler (January 11, 2018; 9 out of 40)
Games
Nonoy Name That Tune
Where the Hell Are We Calling?
Batman or President GMA
Categories Game
Celebrity Trivia
ATM Andi/Grace Lee
Porn Star or Athlete (e.g. Tennis Star)
The Ex-Games
Who Knows Mojo Jojo
Yabang Mo!
Where in the World Are We Calling?
Sukapella
The Yabang Mo! has several variants, such as the 'I Gotta Feeling' which was played last late November 2009, where the listeners are asked to do the game by rapping it out in the tune of the said The Black Eyed Peas song for one minute.
Other stuff
Gay or Straight
Miguel's Prank Call
Kwentong Kadiri
Chick Republic
Radio Tinder
Spinoff TV show
In February 2008, Good Times spun off into a weekly TV show on Studio 23 hosted by Mo Twister, Mojo Jojo, Grace Lee and Andi9. The show aired every Tuesday nights at 11:00 p.m.
Controversies
"Charice" Twitter hashtag joke
On May 9, 2012, the Good Times hosts started a butt-joke on Twitter while their show was on-air. It became the trending topic in the Philippines on Twitter. Almost immediately, the hashtag spread, drawing both positive and negative reactions from the listeners. International singing sensation Charice fought back by directly sending messages to Mo Twister through Twitter.
But later after the show on the same day, the management of Magic 89.9 released an official statement, suspending Mo, Suzy and Mia for two weeks without pay as a consequence.
References
Philippine radio programs
2005 radio programme debuts
Larry Keith (March 4, 1931 – July 17, 2010) was an American actor who was a cast member on the ABC soap opera All My Children and was the first American to play the role of Henry Higgins in the Broadway production of My Fair Lady.
They were born on March 4, 1931, in Brooklyn as Lawrence Jay Korn and adopted their stage name when they started acting. Their early training was as a singer, and they earned a Bachelor of Music degree from Brooklyn College. They were drafted while they were a graduate student in music at Indiana University and spent their time in the United States Army performing in shows for troops stationed in South Korea.
In the 1961 Broadway production of My Fair Lady, Keith served as an understudy to Michael Allinson and played the role of Higgins some 50 times. In an interview with the New York Herald Tribune before their first stage appearance as Higgins, Keith said they doubted that they could get away with a plummy British accent in England, "but I think I can in New York". In 1992, Keith was one of the founders of TACT (The Actors Company Theatre), which has the mission of presenting "neglected or rarely produced plays of literary merit", appearing in its productions of Eccentricities of a Nightingale and Bedroom Farce. Keith also appeared on Broadway in Titanic in 1997 in the role of Macy's owner Isidor Straus who sang the song Still to their wife Ida as the boat was sinking into the ocean. In Caroline, or Change in 2004, Keith played the role of Mr. Stopnick.
They played the role of restaurateur Nick Davis on All My Children, appearing regularly from its inception in 1970 until 1978 and then made guest appearances in that role in the ensuing years. They appeared in television in Damages and several times on Law & Order.
A resident of Manhattan, Keith died there on July 17, 2010, due to complications from lung cancer. They were survived by their ex-wife, the former Mina Wagman, as well as by a daughter and a grandchild.
Television roles
1967–1969: Another World
1970–1978, 1983–1984, 1988, 1991–1994, 1997, 2005: All My Children
1979–1980: The Baxters
1981: The Wave
1983: Kennedy
1986: Stingray
1990, 1992, 1996, 2008: Law & Order
2010: Damages
References
External links
Larry Keith at Internet Off-Broadway Database
Actor Larry Keith Dies At Age 79 Obituary at BroadwayWorld.com
1931 births
2010 deaths
American male soap opera actors
American male stage actors
Brooklyn College alumni
Deaths from cancer in New York (state)
Indiana University alumni
United States Army personnel
"Alérgico" () is a song by Mexican singer Anahí released on October 19, 2010. The song is included and taken of the re-release album of Mi Delirio (2009) released as the fourth single. Three versions of the song were recorded, the album version with Anahí only, the Portuguese version featuring Brazilian singer Renne Fernandes (from Hevo84), included on the deluxe edition (Brazilian edition) from the album, on a duet version featuring Argentinian singer Noel Schajris, released digitally on January 11, 2011, and included on the deluxe edition (Colombian edition) from the album. The song is considered their most successful single from the album in Mexico, since reached number two on the main airplay chart, as well the strong sales in digital marketplaces.
Background
The song is a pop ballad, co-written by themselves and Ana Mónica Vélez Solano, and written and produced by Noel Schajris. It was first presented live at the Awards Kids Choice Mexico, September 4, 2010. It was released as a digital download through iTunes Store, in countries United States, Mexico, Spain, Japan, Netherlands, France, Italy, Germany and Montenegro. Anahí confirmed on MTV Brasil that will be three music videos with three versions: Spanish, Portuguese and one in collaboration with Noel Schajris. Rumors say that an English version with Katy Perry was going to be recorded soon, but was never officially confirmed. The song is already included in Mi Delirio World Tour.
Music videos
The first music video to be released was the Portuguese version, featuring Renne Fernandes, premiered on December 12, 2010. The video for the Spanish duet version was premiered on March 9, 2011, featuring Noel Schajris. Both versions have a plot completely different, the Portuguese version shows them and Renne in a break-up attitude, while on the duet version it shows them alongside Noel performing, while Noel plays the piano.
Track listing
Digital download (album version)
"Alérgico" – 3:56
Digital download Alérgico (Fan edition) – EP
"Alérgico" – 3:55
"Me Hipnotizas" – 3:51
"Pobre Tu Alma" – 3:18
"Ni Una Palabra" – 2:48
"Aleph" – 4:15
Digital download (duet version)
"Alérgico" (featuring Renne Fernandes) – 4:03
"Alérgico" (featuring Noel Schajris) – 4:01
Awards and nominations
Chart performance
References
2010 songs
Anahí songs
Noel Schajris songs
Songs written by Anahí
Songs written by Noel Schajris
Songs written by Mónica Vélez
Spanish-language songs
2010 singles
EMI Records singles
2010s ballads
Pop ballads
Torch songs
Mere Genie Uncle () is an Indian 3D movie directed by Ashish Bhavsar and produced by Raju Gada, Ashish BHavsar and Paresh Mehta. The film stars Tiku Talsania, Swati Kapoor, Shakti Kapoor and Ehsaan Qureshi.
Cast
Tiku Talsania as Genie & I M Patel
Swati Kapoor as Ria Bannerjee
Anuj Sikri as Sidd Patel
Shakti Kapoor as Jr. Jaffar
Ehsaan Qureshi as Sher Khan
Navina Bole as Haseena Mallik
Mushtaq Khan as ATS officer Salunkhe
Asheish Roy as Guru Ganguly
Pankaj Kalra as Dhondu Bhai
Pratham Kalra as Montu
Yash Acharya as Don
Ayyan Mallik as Happy Singh
Jenna Khan as Ronnie
Hetvi Charla as Beena
Soundtrack
All Songs are composed and Penned by Vandana Vadhera.
References
External links
2010s Hindi-language films
Indian 3D films
Indian fantasy films
Genies in film
2015 3D films
2015 fantasy films
John Crichton may refer to:
John Crichton (designer) (1917–1993), New Zealand furniture and interior designer
John Crichton (Farscape), a character on the TV series Farscape
John Crichton, 3rd Earl Erne (1802–1885), Anglo-Irish peer and politician
John Crichton, 4th Earl Erne (1839–1914), Anglo-Irish peer and politician
John Crichton, 5th Earl Erne (1907–1940), Anglo-Irish peer, soldier and politician
Johnny Crichton (born 1925), Scottish footballer
John Michael Crichton (1942–2008), American author, director and screenwriter
See also
John Crichton-Stuart (disambiguation)
California Proposition 91 was a failed proposal to amend the California Constitution to prohibit motor vehicle fuel sales taxes that are earmarked for transportation purposes from being retained in the state's general fund. The proposition appeared on the ballot of the February primary election.
Proposal
The proposition prohibits certain motor vehicle fuel sales and use taxes, that are earmarked for the Transportation Investment Fund, from being retained in the General Fund. Such taxes may be retained if the Governor issues a proclamation, a special statute is enacted by a 2/3 vote of the Legislature, repayment occurs within three years, and certain other conditions are met.
The proposition also requires repayment by June 30, 2017 of such vehicle fuel taxes retained in General Fund from July 1, 2003 to June 30, 2008. Currently, repayment is generally required by June 30, 2016.
It also changes how and when General Fund borrowing of certain transportation funds is allowed.
Fiscal impacts
Increases stability of state funding for highways, streets, and roads and may decrease stability of state funding for public transit. May reduce stability of certain local funds for public transit.
What a yes or no vote means
A "yes" vote on this measure means that the State would no longer be able to suspend the transfer of gasoline sales tax revenue from the General Fund to transportation. In addition, the state would be able to loan specified transportation funds, potentially including certain local transportation funds, to the General Fund for essentially short-term cash flow purposes only. The State, however, may be able to loan to the General Fund, without express time limitation for repayment, certain state funds for public transit.
A "no" vote means the State would still be able to suspend, under certain conditions, the transfer of gasoline sales tax revenue from the General Fund to transportation. Additionally, the State would continue to be able, under certain conditions, to loan specified transportation funds to the General Fund for up to three fiscal years.
Developments before election
Proponents of Proposition 91 asked voters to vote "no" on Proposition 91 because the passage of Proposition 1A in 2006 has already prevented the use of gas tax dollars from being spent for non-transportation purposes. However, an independent campaign to pass Proposition 1A has been sponsored separately by the Southern California Transit Advocates, a non-profit transit advocacy organization. Other supporters include State Senator Tom McClintock and former State Senator Bill Leonard.
Results
References
External links
Yes on 91 (website archived by UCLA Online Campaign Literature Archive)
Proposition 91 Voter Information Guide
2008 California ballot propositions
Failed amendments to the Constitution of California
Initiatives in the United States
Paul Maximilien Landowski (1 June 1875 – 31 March 1961) was a French monument sculptor of Polish descent. Their best-known work is Christ the Redeemer in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Biography
Landowski was born in Paris, France, of a Polish refugee father of the January Uprising, and a French mother Julie Vieuxtemps, daughter of Henri Vieuxtemps. They studied at the Académie Julian, before graduating from the École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts, they won the Prix de Rome in 1900 with their statue of David, and went on to a fifty-five-year career. They produced over thirty five monuments in the city of Paris and twelve more in the surrounding area. Among This is the Art Deco figure of St. Genevieve on the 1928 Pont de la Tournelle.
They also created Les Fantomes, the French Memorial to the Second Battle of the Marne which stands upon the Butte de Chalmont in Northern France.
Landowski is widely known for the 1931 Christ the Redeemer statue in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, a collaboration with civil engineer Heitor da Silva Costa and architect and sculptor Gheorghe Leonida. Some sources indicate Landowski designed Christ's head and hands, but it was Leonida who created the head when asked by Landowski.
They won a gold medal at the art competitions at the 1928 Summer Olympics for Sculpture, an event held from 1912 to 1952. From 1933 through 1937 they were Director of the French Academy in Rome. They also served as an art–juror with Florence Meyer Blumenthal in awarding the Prix Blumenthal, a grant given between 1919–1954 to young French painters, sculptors, decorators, engravers, writers and musicians.
Landowski was the father of artists: painter Nadine Landowski (1908–1943), agricultural engineer and Legion d'Honneur,fallen in the Debarquement de Provence (Jean Maximilian Landowski) (1911-1944),composer Marcel Landowski (1915–1999), and pianist and painter Françoise Landowski-Caillet (1917–2007). They died in Boulogne-Billancourt, a suburb of Paris, where a museum dedicated to their work has over 100 works on display.
Gallery
References
External links
Official web site
Paul Landowski Collection at Google Cultural Institute
Paul Landowski at Masters of 20th Century Figure Sculpture
1875 births
1961 deaths
Prix Blumenthal
Christ the Redeemer (statue)
Artists from Paris
French architectural sculptors
Prix de Rome for sculpture
Olympic gold medalists in art competitions
French people of Polish descent
Members of the Académie des beaux-arts
Burials at Passy Cemetery
20th-century French sculptors
French male sculptors
Medalists at the 1928 Summer Olympics
Olympic competitors in art competitions
The Mosque of the Bois de Vincennes (), also known as the Mosque of the Colonial Garden Hospital or Nogent Mosque was the first-ever mosque built on the French mainland since the Umayyad invasion of Gaul in the 8th century. It was constructed in early 1916 on the grounds of the Bois de Vincennes, as a counterpropaganda project and to serve some of the Muslim soldiers who came to France during World War I.
Background and history
In 1899, a trial garden was created at the eastern end of the Bois de Vincennes to experiment with plants from the French colonial empire. Several pavilions were built there on the occasion of the colonial exhibition in May-October 1907.
During World War I, the Colonial Garden was repurposed as a hospital in late 1914. Between 1914 and May 1919, the hospital in the former Colonial Garden cared for nearly 5,000 wounded soldiers, mostly North African and Muslim. At that time, the Colonial Garden / war hospital was on the territory of the Nogent-sur-Marne municipality, from which it took its name (). These grounds were later transferred on 18 April 1929 to the 12th arrondissement of Paris together with the rest of the Bois de Vincennes.
The decision to build a mosque on the hospital's grounds was made in reaction to German war propaganda that attempted to turn Muslims from the British and French colonies against their colonial rulers. The German Empire was allied with the Ottoman Empire, which claimed global leadership of Islam through its Custody of Mecca and Medina and Caliphate. This strategy was the brainchild of German Orientalist Max von Oppenheim who had published a "memorandum on bringing revolution to the Islamic lands of our enemies" () in October 1914. Von Oppenheim, whose nickname Abu Jihad was posthumously popularized by Wolfgang G. Schwanitz, was given charge of a newly created Intelligence Bureau for the East which sponsored the prisoner-of-war camp named "Half Moon" () in Zossen-Wünsdorf near Berlin. As its name suggests, the Halbmondlager was specifically intended for Muslim soldiers from British and French colonies and included a monumental mosque, the first ever built in Germany, completed in July 1915. The German authorities distributed stories about the inappropriate treatment of Islam in the French military, illustrated with images of the Halbmondlager mosque.
In turn, the war imperative to demonstrate that France was friendly to Islam, against the German claims, broke the prior taboo against an Islamic place of worship (other than in cemeteries) on the French mainland. Diplomat , then director of political affairs at the French Foreign Ministry, promoted the initiative to build the mosque and orchestrated the wide distribution of a picture of it by French agents in the Muslim world, even before the building had been completed. The wooden mosque was swiftly erected on designs by the Colonial Garden's architect M. Péni and inaugurated on 14 April 1916 by Gaston Doumergue, then Minister of the Colonies. Dedication prayers were read by two imams, Bou-Mezrag El-Mokrani of Chlef (a descendant of Cheikh Mokrani) and Katranji Sid Abderrahman of Algiers.
Following the end of the war, the mosque was disaffected in 1919 and demolished in 1926, around the time when the Grand Mosque of Paris was inaugurated. A number of commemorative monuments were erected nearby during the interwar period and dedicated to the memory of fallen soldiers from various French colonies, most of them non-Muslims. The former Colonial Garden is now known as the . Some of the pavilions and monuments have been renovated in the 2010s. A commemorative stone stele and explanatory panel perpetuate the memory of the former mosque on the site.
Gallery
See also
Kruszyniany Mosque
Märcani Mosque
Shah Jahan Mosque, Woking
Missiri mosque
Mosque of Segrate
List of mosques in France
References
Mosques in Paris
World War I propaganda
Demolished buildings and structures in Paris
Buildings and structures demolished in 1926
HLSQ-FM, also known as SBS Power FM (), is a K-pop music radio station of the Seoul Broadcasting System. The station is heard nationwide via syndication with local FM stations in Korea via HLDG-FM in Busan, HLDE-FM in Daegu, HLDH-FM in Gwangju, HLDF-FM in Daejeon, HLDP-FM in Ulsan, HLDQ-FM in Jeonju, HLDR-FM in Cheongju, HLCG-FM in Gangwon, HLQC-FM in Jeju and HLKJ-FM in Seogwipo.
History
October 1996: Seoul Broadcasting System made plans for an FM radio station to complement HLSQ.
October 30, 1996: Seoul Broadcasting System started FM test broadcast.
November 14, 1996: SBS Power FM Launched.
2003: SBS Regional FM Network completed.
2004: Started South Korea's first internet radio broadcast via Gorealra PC application.
2005: Began South Korea's first internet visual radio (BORA) broadcast.
November 9, 2010: SBS Power FM Dongducheon relay station started broadcasting.
2012: Topped rating rank for the first half of the year.
November 14, 2016: The station celebrated its 20th anniversary.
Stations
Seoul, Incheon, and Gyeonggi Province
Other provinces
Dongducheon via Dongducheon SBS on FM 100.3MHz
Gangwon via HLCG-FM on FM 103.1MHz, FM 105.1MHz, FM 106.1MHz, FM 99.3MHz and FM 88.3MHz
Daejeon Chungnam Sejong via HLDF-FM on FM 95.7MHz and FM 96.5MHz
Cheongju via HLDR-FM on FM 101.5MHz, FM 97.9MHz and FM 102.7MHz
Jeonju via HLDQ-FM on FM 90.1MHz
Gwangju Jeonnam via HLDH-FM on FM 101.1MHz and FM 96.7MHz
Daegu Gyeongbuk via HLDE-FM on FM 99.3MHz, FM 99.7MHz and FM 106.5MHz
Busan Gyeongnam via HLDG-FM on FM 99.9MHz, FM 96.3MHz, FM 102.5MHz, FM 105.5MHz and FM 106.7MHz
Ulsan via HLDP-FM on FM 92.3MHz
Jeju via HLQC-FM on FM 101.5MHz
Seogwipo via HLKJ-FM on FM 98.5MHz
Hallim via HLQC-FM on FM 95.9MHz
Programs
Cho Jung-shik's Fun Fun Today^^
Kim Young-chul's Power FM^
Kim Chang-wan's Beautiful Morning^^
Jang Ye-won's Cinetown^^
Choi Hwa-jung's Power Time^
Jeong Chan-woo and Kim Tae-gyun's CulTwo Show^
DJ Boom's BoomBoomPower^^
Park So-Hyeon's Love Game^^
Wendy's Youngstreet^^
Bae Sung-jae's TEN^^
DinDin's Music High^^
Kim Joo-woo's Pops Station^^
^ Heard nationwide through regional affiliates
^^ Heard through selected regional affiliates
Trivia
SBS Power FM is South Korea's top-rated FM station. In the latest 2020 first quarter radio survey, SBS Power FM topped the ranking followed by TBS FM at number 2, CBS Music FM at number 3, MBC FM4U at number 4, KBS Radio 2 at number 5 and the sister Love FM at number 6.
Devoted SBS Power FM listeners mostly in their 20s to 30s are called Everlasting because the station is the only one to air solely K-pop music (unlike KBS Cool FM and MBC FM4U — the former of which airs mostly trot at some shows whereas the latter also airs foreign music at some timeslots) due to the popularity of the station the fans wants the FM station to last forever.
Logo song
The logo song is the short jargon placed in-between some ads during program broadcasting, and also to start and to end every program.
20th Anniversary Song Project
See also
KBS Radio 3
SBS Love FM
References
External links
SBS Power FM Live Stream
http://w3.sbs.co.kr/radio/radioFrequency.do
http://w3.sbs.co.kr/radio/main.do
https://web.archive.org/web/20071023070757/http://global.sbs.co.kr/English/AboutSBSCo/channel.jsp
http://w3.sbs.co.kr/schedule/scheduleSub.do?depth02=d2_3&depth03=love&channel=Love
http://tv.sbs.co.kr/broadplan/pop_fm.html
http://radio.sbs.co.kr/charge/charge_powerfm.jsp
Power FM
Radio stations in South Korea
Radio stations established in 1996
The Biswaratna Dr Bhupen Hazarika International Solidarity Award () was instituted by the Assam Sahitya Sabha and sponsored by the Numaligarh Refinery Limited (NRL). The award, conferred biennially, consists of a trophy, a citation and a cheque of 5 lakh.
Recipients
2013: Lubna Marium
2015: Adoor Gopalakrishnan
2017: Prasanna Vithanage
2019: Eric Khoo
2021: Dr.Anil Saikia
References
Awards established in 2013
Civil awards and decorations of Assam
2013 establishments in Assam
The Education Act 2002 (c.32) is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom that gave schools greater autonomy to implement experimental teaching methods.
Main provisions
The act significantly amended legislation relating to academies, publicly funded schools operating outside of local government control and with a significant degree of autonomy areas such as wages and digressing from the national curriculum. Academies were originally set up under the Learning and Skills Act 2000 under the name "city academies", and were renamed to "academies" by this act.
Schools which have innovative ideas to improve education, but are prevented by an existing law from implementing them, will be able to apply for exemption from that law.
Schools which demonstrate a high standard of teaching will be given exemption national controls such as the national curriculum, agreements on teachers' pay and conditions and the way the scheduling of the school day and terms.
Schools designating or re-designating as specialist schools could now gain specialisms in Business and Enterprise, Engineering, Mathematics and Computing and Science.
The act imposes various minimum standards for independent schools in areas such as health and safety and space requirements.
List of provisions
Power to innovate (sections 1-5)
Earned autonomy (sections 6-10)
School companies (sections 11-13)
Grant-making power (sections 14-18)
Governance (sections 19-40)
School funding (sections 41-45)
School admission, exclusion and attendance, (section 46-53)
Powers of intervention (sections 54-64)
Academies (sections 65-69)
Early years (sections 149-156)
Independent schools (sections 157-174)
Student loans (section 186)
Inter-authority recoupment (sections 206-207)
Identify school funds
References
External links
Explanatory notes to the Education Act 2002 from UK Statute Law Database
United Kingdom Education Acts
United Kingdom Acts of Parliament 2002
2002 in education
July 2002 events in the United Kingdom
The 2019–20 season is Gimnasia y Esgrima's 8th consecutive season in the top division of Argentine football. In addition to the Primera División, the club are competing in the Copa Argentina and Copa de la Superliga.
The season generally covers the period from 1 July 2019 to 30 June 2020.
Review
Pre-season
Gimnasia y Esgrima's first occurrence of note arrived on 23 June 2019, as right-back Facundo Oreja ended their seven-year stint with them to join newly-promoted Primera B Nacional team Barracas Central. Sebastián Moyano also departed, with Unión Santa Fe snapping them up on 25 June. The club's appeared on the pitch for the opening time on 26 June, facing Everton of La Plata back-to-back at the Estancia Chica. A goal from Leandro Contín won them game one, before goals came from Lucas Calderón, Lucas Licht, Khalil Caraballo and José Paradela for a 5–0 win in game two. Days later, they played twice against Temperley; drawing 1–1 and winning 2–0. Diego Parini agreed to join GD Mirandês on 30 June. Ezequiel Bonifacio followed Moyano to Unión on 29 June.
Numerous loans from the previous campaign officially expired on and around 30 June. Santiago Silva left on 1 July, signing for Argentinos Juniors. Leonardo Morales and Maximiliano Caire came the other way, penning respective contracts from Santamarina and Defensa y Justicia. Lorenzo Faravelli secured a deal with Huracán on 2 July. Horacio Tijanovich scored as Gimnasia drew with Argentinos Juniors in a friendly on 3 July, prior to Jesús Vargas netting in the second match with the La Paternal outfit. Matías García sealed a return to Gimnasia on 3 July, after three years away with San Martín. Consecutive two-nil victories were recorded in friendlies with Fénix of the Uruguayan Primera División on 5 July. An offer from Genoa for Jan Hurtado was accepted on 9 July.
Gimnasia lost in two exhibition games on 10 July to Lanús. Hurtado, despite having an offer from Genoa accepted, completed a transfer to Boca Juniors on 11 July. Pablo Velázquez signed with the club later that day, penning terms from Nacional. Genoa's Claudio Spinelli arrived on loan on 15 July, twenty-four hours before to Marco Torsiglieri's incoming. Hernán Tifner and Daian García went to Huracán Las Heras on loan on 14 July. Maximiliano Comba, who was loaned in the previous season, received a permanent contract on 17 July, on a day that also saw them beat Atlético Chascomús across two friendlies.
July
Gimnasia y Esgrima started their competitive campaign on 20 July, as they lost in the Copa Argentina round of thirty-two to Defensa y Justicia; going out on penalties following a 1–1 at home. Earlier in the day, a Gimnasia shadow eleven took part in a friendly with Platense - losing by two. Matías García scored on their first league appearance back with Gimnasia on 28 July, as their goal got them a point away from home against Lanús. Janeiler Rivas, after a spell in India with NorthEast United, moved to Gimnasia on 31 July.
August
Brahian Alemán sealed a move in on 3 August from Al-Ettifaq, twelve months after they had joined the Saudi Arabian outfit from Gimnasia. After drawing versus Lanús, Gimnasia followed that up with a home loss at the hands of San Lorenzo on 4 August. Cristian Zone departed to Flandria on 8 August. Gimnasia played two thirty-minute friendlies with Independiente on 10 August, drawing initially before winning 2–0. On 14 August, it was reported that former player Santiago Silva had been provisionally suspended after they failed a drugs test; taken after a Copa de la Superliga match with Newell's Old Boys in April; Argentinos soon revealed Silva was going through fertility treatment at the time. Gianluca Simeone was loaned to Ibiza of Spain's Segunda División B on 13 August.
Gimnasia, on 19 August, lost 2–1 to Colón in the Primera División. Gonzalo Mottes signed for Defensores de Belgrano on 21 August. Gimnasia's losing run at the start their league campaign continued on 24 August, as Defensa y Justicia's Rafael Delgado scored to give their side the three points. A fourth straight loss arrived for Darío Ortiz's men on 31 August, with Argentinos Juniors defeating them at the Estadio Diego Armando Maradona in a fixture that also saw senior debutant Khalil Caraballo get sent off.
September
On 2 September, Gimnasia confirmed Darío Ortiz had mutually terminated their contract; with Leandro Martini and Mariano Messera coming in as joint-interim managers. Their stints lasted just days however, as 1986 FIFA World Cup winner Diego Maradona was unveiled as the new manager of Gimnasia on 5 September.
Squad
Transfers
Domestic transfer windows:3 July 2019 to 24 September 201920 January 2020 to 19 February 2020.
Transfers in
Transfers out
Loans in
Loans out
Friendlies
Pre-season
On 14 June 2019, Gimnasia y Esgrima announced friendlies with Temperley (2), Argentinos Juniors (2) and Lanús. With the latter encounter coming away from home, the other fixtures would be played at the Estadio Juan Carmelo Zerillo. Prior to facing them, the club scheduled games with local La Plata outfit Everton for 26 June. Friendlies with Uruguayan team Fénix and local team Atlético Chascomús were also set.
Mid-season
27 July saw Gimnasia y Esgrima face. Gimnasia and Independiente would face-off in Villa Domínico in friendlies on 10 August.
Competitions
Primera División
League table
Relegation table
Source: AFA
Results summary
Matches
The fixtures for the 2019–20 campaign were released on 10 July.
Copa Argentina
Domestic rivals Defensa y Justicia were the team Gimnasia y Esgrima were drawn to play in the round of thirty-two, at Temperley's Estadio Alfredo Beranger - it is usual for Copa Argentina matches to be played on neutral territory.
Copa de la Superliga
Squad statistics
Appearances and goals
Statistics accurate as of 31 August 2019.
Goalscorers
Notes
References
Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata seasons
Gimnasia y Esgrima
During the 1998–99 English football season, Norwich City F.C. competed in the Football League First Division.
Season summary
Norwich made a good start to the 1998–1999 campaign, with a 1–0 victory against East Anglia rivals Ipswich Town at Portman Road being the highlight and by Christmas 1998, the prospects of promotion back to the Premiership were looking good – but the club didn't win a home game again until 1 May. During the season on 18 March 1999, ambiguous midfielder Keith O'Neill joined Middlesbrough for a fee of £700,000.
Off the field on 17 December 1998, there were slight changes in the boardroom where Bob Cooper replaced Barry Lockwood as club chairperson.
Final league table
Results
Norwich City's score comes first
Legend
Football League First Division
FA Cup
League Cup
Players
First-team squad
Squad at end of season
Notes
References
Norwich City F.C. seasons
Norwich City
The 2015 Seguros Bolívar Open Medellín was a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It is the second edition of the tournament for women and twelfth edition for men. It was part of the 2015 ATP Challenger Tour and the 2015 ITF Women's Circuit, offering total prize money of $50,000+H for both men and for women. It took place in Medellín, Colombia, on 6–12 April 2015 for women and 5–11 October 2015 for men.
Men's singles main draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings as of 28 September 2015.
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Felipe Escobar
Daniel Elahi Galán
Juan Sebastián Gómez
Felipe Mantilla
The following player received entry into the singles main draw as a special exempt:
Marcelo Arévalo
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Christopher Díaz Figueroa
Peter Kobelt
Fabrício Neis
Juan Pablo Varillas
The following player received entry as a lucky loser:
Juan Ignacio Galarza
Women's singles main draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings as of 23 March 2015
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
María Fernanda Herazo
Yuliana Lizarazo
Yuliana Monroy
María Paulina Pérez
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Martina Caregaro
Lauren Embree
Gaia Sanesi
Katerina Stewart
Champions
Men's singles
Paolo Lorenzi def. Gonzalo Lama, 7–6(7–3), 2–0 ret.
Women's singles
Teliana Pereira def. Verónica Cepede Royg, 7–6(8–6), 6–1
Men's doubles
Nicolás Barrientos / Eduardo Struvay def. Alejandro Gómez / Felipe Mantilla, 7–6(8–6), 6–7(4–7), [10–4]
Women's doubles
Lourdes Domínguez Lino / Mandy Minella def. Mariana Duque / Julia Glushko, 7–5, 4–6, [10–5]
External links
2015 Seguros Bolívar Open Medellín at ITFtennis.com
2015 ITF Women's Circuit
2015
2015
2015 in Colombian tennis
Seguros Bolivar Open Medellin
The 605 League is a high school athletic conference in southeastern Los Angeles County, California affiliated with the CIF Southern Section. It was created in 2019, with 3 members of from the Suburban League; Artesia, Cerritos and Glenn, two from the Academy League; Oxford and Whitney and Pioneer from the Del Rio League All of the schools are located less than three miles (5Km) east of the 605 Freeway.
Schools
As of the 2019–20 school year, the members in the league are:
Artesia High School
Cerritos High School
Glenn High School
Oxford Academy
Pioneer High School
Whitney High School
References
CIF Southern Section leagues
Loveta Cheralyn "Chera-Lyn" Cook (born October 7, 1976) is an American crowned Miss Kentucky 1998, was the first young woman from southeast Kentucky to win the Miss Kentucky title.
Pageants
Representing the title of Miss Lexington, but claiming London, Kentucky as their hometown, Cook had previously held several titles, including Miss Central Kentucky, Miss Fayette County, Miss Monticello, Miss Southeast Kentucky, National Sweetheart, and National All American Teen. A double preliminary winner at Miss Kentucky, Cook won talent preliminary and placed 4th runner-up to Miss America 1999.
Awards and recognitions
Cook was recognized by the Joint Sessions of the Kentucky Legislature for volunteer work with at-risk youth and was the Kentucky School Psychologist of the Year in 2004. Them platform issue at Miss America, Children's Miracle Network, was later adopted by the Miss America Scholarship Organization as a national platform. They were also a Goodwill Ambassador for the Commonwealth of Kentucky.
References
External links
'Blue' album on iTunes
1976 births
Living people
Beauty pageants in Kentucky
Miss America 1999 delegates
People from London, Kentucky
Miss Kentucky winners
20th-century American people
21st-century American women
Vz or VZ may refer to:
Peoples:
Volodymyr Zelenskyy, president of Ukraine
Businesses and brands:
VZ Holding, a Swiss financial service company
Toyota VZ engine A series of V6 engines
Holden VZ Commodore, a model of GM Holden's Commodore produced from 2004 to 2006
Thai Vietjet Air (current airline, IATA code VZ)
MyTravel Airways (former airline, IATA code VZ)
Verizon Communications (NYSE stock symbol VZ)
Other uses:
Varaždin, Croatia (license plate code VZ)
Veer-Zaara, a Bollywood film
Virtualization, typically of computer systems
Vorzugsaktie, a German abbreviation for Preferred stock
Sartor is a genus of headstander endemic to Brazil. The genus is found in the eastern Amazon Basin, specifically in the Xingu, Tocantins, Mapuera and Trombetas basins.
Species
There are currently three recognized species in this genus:
Sartor elongatus dos Santos & Jégu, 1987
Sartor respectus G. S. Myers & A. L. de Carvalho, 1959
Sartor tucuruiense dos Santos & Jégu, 1987
References
Anostomidae
Fish of South America
Fish of Brazil
Endemic fauna of Brazil
Taxa named by George S. Myers
Taxa named by Antenor Leitão de Carvalho
Lauren Lake's Paternity Court (originally known as Paternity Court) is a nontraditional court show in which family lawyer and legal analyst Lauren Lake heard and ruled on paternity cases and rendered DNA test results.
The show was produced by 79th & York Entertainment and Orion Television, and was distributed by MGM Domestic Television Distribution. Paternity Court was executive produced by David Armour. The series was MGM's first first-run syndication series to come to the market after a lull period in this arena.
Paternity Court premiered on Monday, September 23, 2013. The court show's first day of taping was on June 13, 2013. By the 2nd season, Lake's name was added to the title of the series, Lauren Lake's Paternity Court. Production also moved from Los Angeles to the Georgia Public Broadcasting studios in Atlanta that season.
In 2019 following its 6th season, the show received a Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Legal/Courtroom Program. After its 7th season in early 2020, however, Lauren Lake's Paternity Court ended production, confirmed as cancelled by 2021. MGM discarded of all of its courtroom programming following financial struggles from the COVID-19 pandemic.
Conception
Reports of the series first emerged in December 2012. As early as December 2012, 9 months before its debut, the court show had already been sold in 75% of the country. Stations acquired the show on an all-barter basis with 3½ minutes of local and 3½ minutes of national advertising time in every episode. By August 2013, the show was sold in 92% of the country.
An article in Broadcasting & Cable talking about the conception of the show listed the paternity test-focused episodes of the daytime talk show Maury as a direct inspiration for Paternity Court, as Bryan said in the article that the high ratings for Maury among women 25–54 and the popularity of the court show genre made fusing the two concepts possible. Weigel Broadcasting president Neal Sabin, whose station group was among the first to take the program, thought it was a natural fit for the court show-heavy lineup on their stations, saying it was 'a little bit Maury and a little bit court-y'.
Producers of the series have argued at the same time that Paternity Court and Maury do contrast, as Paternity Court does not focus on the narrative of Maury in building tabloid drama solely from the "who's your daddy?" question posed by paternity tests and the issues of multiple partners possibly being so with only bare follow-ups by that show's staff, but instead uses the tests on their show to build long-term relationships in a healthy manner once those results are revealed. As reported in late 2012, court programming is the second highest-rated genre on daytime television. Bryan has stated the goal of Paternity Court is to reinvigorate the court show genre.
Format
Paternity Court is a half-hour hybrid of a talk show using the court show plaintiff/defendant format. Lake talks to the show's litigants and decides cases based upon the results of DNA tests. While the show's title is Paternity Court, it also looks into other situations using DNA verification, such as probate disputes over wills, which are litigated under a binding arbitration arrangement.
In late January 2013, creator David Armour revealed several details of the MGM conflict-resolution strip with Lauren Lake:
"We're not talking about someone who broke another person's sunglasses; these are life-altering decisions. There is a beginning, middle and end to each story. But then there's what happens after the paternity test results. We don't take any of this lightly. There is a responsible side to the show where we help families get on the right path."
The program "plans to bring something ... interesting but with a truly positive resolution."
Most episodes end with Lake revealing the results of a paternity test, but this doesn't happen in every episode. The show covers a wide range of cases.
Armour has stated that, "We want to dig into these stories much deeper than any other court show does. We're dealing with substantial issues. On this show, we're dealing with resolutions about how families can move forward now that they have [paternity test] results."
Unlike most present-day court shows which typically have two cases in each episode, Paternity Court only focuses on one case per episode, though a second case can make an uncommon appearance. Lake takes time before and after the results to speak with my litigants.
Location
Original plans for Paternity Court were to film the series from a real-life courtroom, though this later changed to a traditional studio setting. The first season of the show was taped from Sunset Bronson Studios in Los Angeles, next to the Judge Judy set, leasing over the space previously used for Big Ticket Television's Judge Joe Brown until its 2013 cancellation. Beginning with season 2, production moved to Georgia Public Broadcasting Studios in Atlanta. The site was previously utilized by Swift Justice with Nancy Grace in the 2010–11 season. As with many Atlanta-based productions, the show also received tax credits from the Georgia Film Office for producing the show in Georgia, and the GFO had an end credit for their support.
Series end
Lauren Lake's Paternity Court ended production after the 2019–20 television season (the show's 7th season). Due to the financial decline of the show's distributor, MGM, Paternity Court ended production along with its sister shows Couples Court with the Cutlers and Personal Injury Court. Resulting from the 2020 COVID-19 pandemic, the MGM studio also went up for sale. The show, however, airs in reruns but ratings for the show are not calculated due to nonexistence of a partnership between MGM and Nielsen ratings. The end of the asupervisorstioned court shows are also rooted in MGM's station clientele consisting of lower-rated networks like The CW and MyNetworkTV.
After its conclusion, Lake launched a podcast series about their show in July 2020, featuring highlights of its "most popular, shocking, and provocative cases" in conjunction with Audio Up.
It was announced on June 22, 2021, that Lake will return to television in a revival of the courtroom series, We the People, previously helmed by Gloria Allred. Lake will preside over their own edition of the series We the People with Judge Lauren Lake. Similarly to its first installment with Allred, the court show will be produced by Byron Allen's Entertainment Studios, airing on JusticeCentralTV. The show is set to join a series of sister television court shows of that network including America's Court with Judge Ross, Justice for All with Judge Cristina Perez, Justice with Judge Mablean, Supreme Court with Judge Karen and The Verdict with Judge Hatchett.
Sister shows
Paternity Court has two sister shows: Couples Court with the Cutlers, which was hosted by Keith and Dana Cutler and follows a similar approach of using evidence and testing to prove or disprove infidelity; and Personal Injury Court, which is hosted by Gino Brogdon and saw personal injury cases. All three court shows ended production in the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic, later confirmed as cancelled.
References
External links
American comedy television series
2010s American reality television series
2013 American television series debuts
2020 American television series endings
First-run syndicated television programs in the United States
English-language television shows
Television series by MGM Television
American television talk shows
Court shows
Paternity in the United States
Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Legal/Courtroom Program winners
The Hispaniolan trogon (Priotelus roseigaster) is a species of bird in the family Trogonidae. It
is endemic to Hispaniola (both Haiti and the Dominican Republic) in the Caribbean. It is one of the only two trogon species found in the Caribbean.
It is the national bird of Haiti.
Identification
Trogons are brightly coloured birds with long, strongly graduated tails, small feet, and short, thick bills. The Hispaniolan trogon has metallic green upperparts, a gray throat and breast, and a red belly and is separated from the closely related Cuban trogon by the more typical tail of this species. The underside of the tail is dark, but each rectrix is broadly tipped with white. Males and females look similar but the females' wing coverts and secondaries lack the narrow white bars.
The male average measurements for wing, tail, culem from base and tarsus are 135.2, 154, 17.3, 16.8 mm respectively. The female averages are 136.6, 154, 16.5, 16.4 mm
Vocalizations
The song is rather slow and can be heard from quite a distance. It has a low rattle.
Habitat
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and heavily degraded forest. It is threatened by habitat loss. It is mostly confined to a few remaining protected areas.
It inhabits rain, dry, pine and broadleaved deciduous forests. Several early records included mangrove swamps west of Miragoane but whether these were visitors or a resident population is unknown.
It requires large, old decayed trees with holes for nesting. It primarily occurs at 500–3,000 m, but there appears to be some altitudinal migration with birds observed at lower elevations in winter.
In Haiti, it is restricted to the Massif de la Hotte and Chaîne de la Selle, due to extensive habitat loss. It is still quite common in the Dominican Republic, especially in the relatively undisturbed Sierra de Baoruco, although there has been a moderately rapid population reduction, owing to deforestation.
Diet
It is known to mainly eat insects, though it also takes small vertebrates such as anoles and fruits, especially those of the West Indian sumac (Brunellia comocladifolia).
Behaviour
Its foraging behaviour is presumed to be similar to that of other species of trogon: most food is taken in aerial sallies to fruit or to surrounding vegetation. The species primarily forages in the midstory of humid deciduous and pine forests. A study of mixed-species flocks on Hispaniola recorded two encounters with the Hispaniolan trogon, both of which were associated with mixed flocks.
Reproduction
The Hispaniolan trogon's breeding season is thought to be March to July. The nest is a cavity in a tree, including cavities of the Hispaniolan woodpecker (Melanerpes striatus). The only known clutches are of two eggs; eggs are pale green and unmarked. Egg measurements ranged from 27.9 by 23.5 mm to 31.4 by 23.9 mm. The lengths of the incubation period and nestling periods are unknown. Generation length is estimated at 7.3 years
Population and conservation
The Hispaniolan trogon is a forest-dependent species, and is vulnerable to habitat loss or degradation.
The IUCN Red List conservation status of the Hispaniolan trogon is assessed as Least Concern; however, its population is continuing to decline throughout its small range, owing to forest degradation and fragmentation. Forest loss and fragmentation owing to shifting agriculture are causing a decline, particularly in moist forest areas. Dry forests have been considerably altered by charcoal production, and pine forests have been reduced as a consequence of indiscriminate logging and clear-cutting. In particular, recent habitat destruction along highways has caused a drastic decline of the population in the Cordillera Central, but it is occasionally seen on abandoned coffee farms and old cocoa groves in the Cordillera Septentrional. The species is also subject to hunting. However, as the range is relatively wide and not yet severely fragmented, the species is classified as Least Concern.
Some populations are afforded protection by national parks, such as in the Sierra de Baoruco. Proposed conservation actions include monitoring the population regularly, effectively protecting national parks that hold populations of the species, encouraging forms of agriculture which do not require forest clearance, discouraging charcoal production in native forests, and raising awareness of the uniqueness of the species, as well as discourage hunting.
References
American Ornithologists' Union. Check-list of North American Birds - Trogoniformes. Accessed on April 17, 2009.
Hispaniolan trogon
National symbols of Haiti
Birds of Haiti
Birds of the Dominican Republic
Endemic birds of Hispaniola
Endemic birds of the Caribbean
Hispaniolan trogon
Hispaniolan trogon
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Wahoo is an impact crater on Mars. The crater was named after the town of Wahoo, Nebraska, United States, by IAU in 2010.
References
Impact craters on Mars
The 1989 Georgia Bulldogs football team represented the University of Georgia during the 1989 NCAA Division I-A football season. The Bulldogs completed the season with a 6–6 record.
Schedule
Team players drafted into the NFL
The following players were drafted into professional football following the season.
References
Georgia
Georgia Bulldogs football seasons
Georgia Bulldogs football
Barrow County is a county located in the north central portion of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 Census, the population was 83,505. The county seat is Winder.
Barrow County is included in the Atlanta-Sandy Springs-Roswell, GA Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
The area that today is Barrow County was settled prior to the start of the 19th century. An Indian trail that ran through the county attracted settlers. To protect the settlers from the Cherokee and Creek Indians, the state built a frontier fort during 1792 called Fort Yargo, now a state park. Winder, the county seat, was known as Jug Tavern during this time.
Barrow County was the scene of one of the few Union defeats during Sherman's Atlanta Campaign known as Stoneman's Raid.
During the 1880s, rail was expanded and Barrow County played host to two railroads, the Seaboard Air Line and the Gainesville and Midland. One of the railroad builders for the Seaboard Air Line Railroad was John H. Winder of North Carolina. Jug Tavern's name was changed to Winder by the Georgia General Assembly on Dec. 20, 1893 to honor the railroad builder.
Barrow County was created from portions of Gwinnett, Jackson, and Walton counties when Georgia voters approved a constitutional amendment on November 3, 1914 making Barrow County the 149th Georgia county out of 159. Barrow County was named after David Crenshaw Barrow, Jr. a University of Georgia mathematics and engineering professor who was later Chancellor serving in that position from 1906 to 1925. Barrow died on January 11, 1929 in Athens and is buried in Oconee Hill Cemetery in Athens.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.6%) is water. The entirety of Barrow County is located in the Upper Oconee River sub-basin of the Altamaha River basin.
Adjacent counties
Hall County – north
Clarke County – east
Jackson County – east
Oconee County – southeast
Walton County – south
Gwinnett County – west
Transportation
Major highways
Interstate 85
U.S. Route 29
U.S. Route 29 Business
State Route 8
State Route 11
State Route 53
State Route 81
State Route 82
State Route 124
State Route 211
State Route 316
State Route 324
State Route 330
State Route 403 (unsigned designation for I-85)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 46,144 people, 16,354 households, and 12,543 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 17,304 housing units at an average density of 107 per square mile (41/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 84.84% White, 10.72% Black or African American, 0.30% Native American, 2.20% Asian, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 1.50% from other races, and 1.40% from two or more races. 3.16% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. Barrow County is considered a part of the Atlanta, GA combined statistical area despite its comparatively small population.
There were 16,354 households, out of which 39.90% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.30% were married couples living together, 11.60% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.30% were non-families. 18.60% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.70% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.79 and the average family size was 3.17.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 28.40% under the age of 18, 8.50% from 18 to 24, 34.50% from 25 to 44, 19.50% from 45 to 64, and 9.10% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.90 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.70 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,019, and the median income for a family was $50,722. Males had a median income of $34,510 versus $23,369 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,350. About 6.20% of families and 8.30% of the population were below the poverty line, including 9.10% of those under age 18 and 14.40% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 69,367 people, 23,971 households, and 18,214 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 26,400 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 78.8% white, 11.4% black or African American, 3.4% Asian, 0.3% American Indian, 0.1% Pacific islander, 3.7% from other races, and 2.3% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 8.7% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 20.6% were American, 10.7% were Irish, 9.1% were German, and 8.5% were English.
Of the 23,971 households, 42.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.0% were married couples living together, 13.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 24.0% were non-families, and 18.8% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.88 and the average family size was 3.28. The median age was 33.6 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $48,958 and the median income for a family was $55,415. Males had a median income of $42,869 versus $33,175 for females. The per capita income for the county was $20,882. About 9.4% of families and 12.6% of the population were below the poverty line, including 16.0% of those under age 18 and 14.2% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 83,505 people, 27,765 households, and 20,948 families residing in the county.
Education
Winder-Barrow Cluster:
Winder-Barrow High School
Richard B. Russell Middle School
Winder-Barrow Middle School (1956-2013)
Bear Creek Middle School (WBMS replacement)
Holsenbeck Elementary School
Bramlett Elementary School
Statham Elementary School
County Line Elementary
Apalachee Cluster:
Apalachee High School
Westside Middle School
Haymon-Morris Middle School
Auburn Elementary School
Kennedy Elementary School
Bethlehem Elementary School
Yargo Elementary School
Barrow Arts & Sciences Academy
Communities
Cities
Auburn
Statham
Winder
Towns
Bethlehem
Braselton
Carl
Census-designated place
Russell
Other unincorporated communities
Barrow Heights
Whistelville
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Barrow County, Georgia
References
External links
Georgia Encyclopedia - Barrow County entry
Barrow County Georgia website
Barrow County Chamber of Commerce
Barrow County News
Barrow County historical marker
Bethabra Baptist Church historical marker
Counties in the Atlanta metropolitan area
1914 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1914
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
Counties of Appalachia
Tivali Minsk is an ice hockey club based in Minsk, Belarus.
History
Formed in 1946, this Minsk based hockey team went through several identity changes all the while playing amongst several hockey leagues in Europe. It went bankrupt in 2001. In 2003, the team was brought back under its traditional namesake, Dinamo Minsk.
Honors
Winners
Belarusian Extraliga Championship: 4
1993, 1994, 1995, 2000
Vysshaya Liga Championship: 4
1970, 1977, 1996, 1997
Runners-Up
Belarusian Extraliga Championship: 2
1996, 1997
Ice hockey teams in Belarus
Belarusian Extraleague teams
Sport in Minsk
Minsk
1996 establishments in Belarus
2001 disestablishments in Belarus
Eastern European Hockey League teams
"Mere Sapno Ki Rani" () is a popular Hindi song from the 1969 Bollywood movie Aradhana. The song was composed by Sachin Dev Burman and performed by Kishore Kumar. In the film, Rajesh Khanna, the male protagonist, sings the song atop an open jeep virtually chasing the hero, Sharmila Tagore, who was aboard the toy train in Darjeeling (Darjeeling Himalayan Railway). The song became a superhit in India. Many other versions of this song were made such as the song "Atha Dilisena Hiru" by famous Sri Lankan singer H. R. Jothipala The song was re-used in the Tamil film, Eli (2015).
Picturization
In the film, Rajesh Khanna stars as Arun Verma, a young pilot from the Indian Air Force. On the Darjeeling toy train, Sharmila Tagore is Vandana, a recent college graduate who is returning to their hill station home. Arun and their friend, Madan (Sujit Kumar) have taken leave without permission, and as Madan drives the open top jeep, Arun sings the song in Kishore Kumar's voice, flirtatiously eying Vandana, and later in the film, when they meet again, they fall in love.
External Link
Mere Sapno Ki Rani Song Lyrics
References
1969 songs
Hindi film songs
Indian songs
Kishore Kumar songs
Songs with music by S. D. Burman
Songs with lyrics by Anand Bakshi
Kurşunlu, Antalya is a village in the District of Antalya, Antalya Province, Turkey. The village is located nearby the Kurşunlu Waterfall Nature Park.
References
Villages in Antalya District
Mount Van Pelt () is a steep, bare rock mountain (2,000 m) next east of Mount DeBreuck in the northern part of the Queen Fabiola Mountains. It was discovered on October 7, 1960, by the Belgian Antarctic Expedition under Guido Derom, and was named by Derom for Guy Van Pelt, a radio operator on Belgian aircraft during reconnoitering flights in this area in 1960.
Mountains of Queen Maud Land
Prince Harald Coast
G. marginata may refer to:
Glomeris marginata, a common pill millipede species found in Europe
Glyptopleura marginata, a plant species
See also
Runyon Rock () is a prominent rock along the northern side of Boyd Ridge, in the Crary Mountains, Marie Byrd Land. Mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy aerial photographs, 1959–66. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for William E. Runyon, U.S. Navy, construction electrician at the South Pole Station in 1969 and 1974.
References
Rock formations of Marie Byrd Land
Crary Mountains
John Van Lear McMahon was a lawyer who was born in Maryland in 1800. They were educatedn at Princeton, studied law and endtered the Maryland Bar. On account of their oratorical gifts, they were influential in the politics as a state legislator. They adapted the old turnpike laws of Maryland to the new condition of affairs caused by the incorporation of the Baltimore and Ohio railroad, and was for some years its counsel.  They are said to have contributed more than any other to the prosperity of the Jackson party in Maryland, but subsequently deserted it on the United States Bank question. They took a conspicuous part in the canvas of 1840, and presided at a great ratification meeting, where Henry Clay, Daniel Webster, and William C. Preston made speeches. The failure of their eyesight compelled them to relinquish their profession about 1855, and much of their later life was spent in Ohio. St. John's college, Annapolis, gave them the degree of LL. D. in 1869. They published "An Historical View of Maryland", which is a standard authority on the early history of the province (Baltimore, 1831). They died in Cumberland, Md. on June 15, 1871.
References
Alderman et al., "Library of Southern Literature", Copyright 1907, Vol 15., page 280,
External links
Lawyers from Cumberland, Maryland
1800 births
1871 deaths
Maryland lawyers
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad people
19th-century American historians
19th-century American male writers
Sprigg family
Historians of Maryland
Burials at Rose Hill Cemetery (Cumberland, Maryland)
Lawyers from Baltimore
Princeton University alumni
American male non-fiction writers
Historians from Maryland
The Blackinton Houses and Park is a historic district on North Main Street in Attleboro, Massachusetts, which encompasses a park and two adjacent houses, all of which were associated with the locally prominent Blackinton family in the area's 19th century history. The Willard Blackinton House, at 200 North Main, was built in 1849 by Willard Blackinton, who also built the duplex at 205-207 North Main for their two sons. The Blackintons operated a manufacturing shop which produced shuttles for power looms, and Willard Sr. was active in local politics. The park was established by a gift from Mayor Harold Sweet in 1937.
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Bristol County, Massachusetts
References
Historic districts in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Houses in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Attleboro, Massachusetts
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
Parks on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
Siuslaw was the language of the Siuslaw people and Lower Umpqua (Kuitsh) people of Oregon. It is also known as Lower Umpqua. The Siuslaw language had two dialects: Siuslaw proper (Šaayušƛa) and Lower Umpqua (Quuiič).
Classification
Siuslaw is currently considered to be a language isolate. It may be part of a Coast Oregon Penutian family together with Alsea and the Coosan languages, although the validity of this family is still controversial. Proponents of the disputed Penutian phylum usually include Siuslaw as part of it, together with the other Coast Oregon Penutian languages.
Documentation
Published sources are by Leo J. Frachtenberg who collected data from a non-English-speaking native speaker of the Lower Umpqua dialect and their Alsean husband (who spoke it as a second language) during three months of fieldwork in 1911, and by Dell Hymes who worked with four Siuslaw speakers in 1954.
Further archived documentation consists of a 12-page vocabulary by James Owen Dorsey, a wordlist of approximately 150 words taken by Melville Jacobs in 1935 in work with Lower Umpqua speaker Hank Johnson, an audio recording of Siuslaw speaker Spencer Scott from 1941, hundreds of pages of notes from John Peabody Harrington in 1942 based on interviews with several native speakers, and audio recordings of vocabulary by Morris Swadesh in 1953.
Phonology
Consonants
Cluster of stops/affricates + glottal stop are realized as ejective consonants [pʼ tʼ tɬʼ tsʼ tʃʼ kʼ].
Vowels
Vowels are noted as /i æ a u ə o/.
Notes
References
External links
Languages of Oregon – Siuslaw
Coast Oregon Penutian languages
Language isolates of North America
Indigenous languages of the Pacific Northwest Coast
Penutian languages
Indigenous languages of Oregon
Extinct languages of North America
Languages extinct in the 1970s
1970s disestablishments in Oregon
Shaheed Nawab Mir Ghous Bakhsh Khan Raisani (6 September 1924 26 May 1987), was a Pakistani politician who served second governor of Balochistan from 26 December 1971 to 29 April 1972. They were also a federal minister for Food and Agriculture and the provincial president of the Pakistan Peoples Party.
RAISANI, Nawab Ghaus Bakhsh Raisani was born on September 6, 1924, in Kanak, Baluchistan. Son of late Nawab Sir Asadullah Khan Raisani. They studied in the famous Col.Brown Cambridge School, Dehra Dun where only Nawabs and Prince were allowed to study before independence and the School is well known for its discipline throughout India.
They were the father of Nawab Mir Muhammad Aslam Khan Raisani,Nawabzada Haji Mir Lashkari Khan Raisani ,Shaheed Nawabzada Mir Ismail Khan Raisani,Shaheed Nawabzada Mir Siraj Khan Raisani and grand father of Shaheed Nawabzada Mir Hakmal Khan Raisani and Nawabzada Mir Jamal Khan Raisani.
Death
They were killed in 1987 along with their four bodyguards in Mehrgarh area of Kachhi District.
References
1986 deaths
Brahui people
Governors of Balochistan, Pakistan
Leaders of the Opposition in the Provincial Assembly of Balochistan
Pakistan People's Party politicians
Year of birth missing
The following is a list of ecoregions in Sudan, as identified by the Worldwide Fund for Nature (WWF).
Terrestrial ecoregions
by major habitat type
Tropical and subtropical moist broadleaf forests
Ethiopian montane forests
Tropical and subtropical grasslands, savannas, and shrublands
East Sudanian savanna
Sahelian Acacia savanna
Montane grasslands and shrublands
Ethiopian montane grasslands and woodlands
Deserts and xeric shrublands
East Saharan montane xeric woodlands
Ethiopian xeric grasslands and shrublands
Red Sea coastal desert
Sahara Desert
South Saharan steppe and woodlands
Tibesti-Jebel Uweinat montane xeric woodlands
References
Burgess, Neil, Jennifer D'Amico Hales, Emma Underwood (2004). Terrestrial Ecoregions of Africa and Madagascar: A Conservation Assessment. Island Press, Washington DC.
Thieme, Michelle L. (2005). Freshwater Ecoregions of Africa and Madagascar: A Conservation Assessment. Island Press, Washington DC.
Sudan
Ecoregions
The following is a list of notable earthquakes and tsunamis which had their epicenter in areas that are now part of the United States with the latter affecting areas of the United States. Those in italics were not part of the United States when the event occurred.
List of earthquakes
Earthquake swarms which affected the United States:
1962–71 Denver earthquake swarm
Enola earthquake swarm
2008 Reno earthquakes
Guy-Greenbrier earthquake swarm
Oklahoma earthquake swarms (2009–present)
Earthquakes which affected the United States but whose epicenters were outside the United States borders:
1925 Charlevoix–Kamouraska earthquake – magnitude 6.2 earthquake, no injuries or fatalities anywhere
1979 Imperial Valley earthquake – magnitude 6.4 earthquake with an epicenter less than 1 km inside Mexico – significant damage and injuries on both sides of the border (60 in the US)
2010 Baja California earthquake (Mexico near S California) – magnitude 7.2 earthquake, 4 fatalities and 100 injuries, none in the United States
Earthquakes which did not affect the United States directly, but caused tsunamis which did:
1960 Valdivia earthquake and tsunami – magnitude 9.5 earthquake, between 2200 and 6000 fatalities, including 61 in Hilo, HI
2006 Kuril Islands earthquake and tsunami – magnitude 8.3 earthquake, no injuries or fatalities anywhere
2009 Samoa earthquake and tsunami – magnitude 8.0 earthquake with an epicenter southwest of American Samoa generated tsunami waves up to , killing 34 people in American Samoa and causing extensive damage
2010 Chile earthquake and tsunami – magnitude 8.8 earthquake, ~525 fatalities and unknown number of injuries, none in the United States
2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami – magnitude 9.0 earthquake, 15,850–28,000 fatalities and 6,011 injured, one fatality and unknown number of injuries in the United States
2012 Haida Gwaii earthquake – magnitude 7.8 earthquake with an epicenter on Moresby Island in British Columbia, the second largest Canadian earthquake ever recorded by a seismometer, over 100,000 people were evacuated to higher ground in the state of Hawai'i
List of the strongest earthquakes by states and territories
Noted, magnitudes are reported on the Moment magnitude scale (Mw).
See also
Geology of North America
Geology of the United States
List of historical tsunamis
Lists of earthquakes
List of earthquakes in Canada
List of earthquakes in Alaska
List of earthquakes in California
List of earthquakes in Kansas
List of earthquakes in Nevada
List of earthquakes in Puerto Rico
List of earthquakes in Texas
List of earthquakes in Utah
References
External links
List of historic U.S. earthquakes at the United States Geological Survey
Earthquake data at the National Geophysical Data Center
List of earthquakes in the United States
United States
Earthquakes
Earthquakes
List
Copán is a major Mayan archaeological site (a UNESCO World Heritage Site) in Honduras.
Copan or Copán may refer to:
Places
Brazil
Edifício Copan, a landmark building in São Paulo
Honduras
Copán Department, the province in Honduras containing the Mayan ruins at Copán as well as other ruins at La Entrada
Copán Ruinas, the Honduran town near the archaeological site
Santa Rosa de Copán, the capital of the department
United States
Copan, Oklahoma, a town
People
Paul Copan
Medical
CoPAN is an acronym for a rare disease, COASY protein-associated neurodegeneration, which is a type of neurodegeneration with brain iron accumulation disorder
Thomas Johnston (2 November 1881 – 5 September 1965) was a prominent Scottish socialist journalist who became a politician of the early 20th century, a member of the Labour Party, a member of parliament (MP) and government minister – usually with Cabinet responsibility for Scottish affairs. They were also a notable figure in the Friendly society movement in Scotland.
Red Clydesider
Johnston was the son of David Johnston, a grocer, and their wife, Mary Blackwood.
They were born in Kirkintilloch in 1881 and educated at Kirkintilloch Board School then at Lenzie Academy. Studying Moral Philosophy and Political Economy at the University of Glasgow, they failed to graduate, but helped launch the left-wing journal, Forward, in 1906, and in the same city later became associated with the 'Red Clydesiders', a socialist grouping that included James Maxton and Manny Shinwell. In 1909 they published a book, Our Scots Noble Families, which aimed to discredit the landed aristocracy.
First elected as a Member of Parliament (MP) for the constituency of Stirling and Clackmannan West in November 1922 general election, Johnston lost their seat at the October 1924 general election. They quickly returned to Parliament, winning the Dundee by-election in December.
They were re-elected for Stirling and Clackmannan Western at the 1929 general election, when they were appointed Under-Secretary of State for Scotland by Prime Minister Ramsay MacDonald. This troubled administration was relatively short-lived; only a handful of Labour ministers supported MacDonald's proposal of a coalition government, with Johnston and other Red Clydesiders among the strong opponents. Long a member of the Independent Labour Party, they opposed its disaffiliation from the Labour Party. They lost their seat at the 1931 general election, and failed to be returned at a by-election in Dunbartonshire in 1932, but they joined the new Scottish Socialist Party, which affiliated to Labour, and they returned (representing Stirling and Clackmannan West) to the House of Commons at the 1935 general election and remained an MP until retiring in the 1945 general election.
Johnston was the key government figure involved in the evacuation of St Kilda, Scotland in 1930. Documents relating to this event, which attracted considerable press attention, are available to view in the National Archives of Scotland.
The City of Glasgow Friendly Society (now Scottish Friendly)
On 17 October 1912, Tom Johnston was welcomed to the board of the City of Glasgow Friendly Society (now Scottish Friendly). John Stewart had established the society as a breakaway movement from the Royal Liver Friendly Society some 50 years previously, with the intention of providing a "safe and sound means of investment for the working classes."
Johnston was appointed vice-president of the society in 1919. On their appointment as Member of Parliament in 1922, they were warmly congratulated by the society's board. When many coal miners were unable to pay their premiums during the 1926 British general strike, the society remained supportive, in line with its founding principles; according to Johnston:
"The City of Glasgow Friendly Society had a reputation for humane dealings with its members. We really did try to live up to the word 'Friendly'. So when the miners couldn't pay their premiums, we helped them instead of lapsing them. We were possibly the only office not to lapse a miner during those strikes."
On 10 October 1932, almost 20 years after joining the board, Johnston was appointed deputy and successor to James Stewart, the son of the society's original founder. A brochure printed to mark the society's 70th birthday indicated the high regard with which Johnston was held:
"The task that faced the Board in making this appointment was no light one. To preserve the continuity of success and management it was essential to secure a man, not only intellectually capable, but who was also imbued with the ideals of the Society. The long association of Mr. Johnston with the Society as a Delegate and a Member of the Board, and their outstanding qualities which have made them so prominent a figure in the public life of this country, singles them out as the one person to assist the general manager and ultimately to fill as adequately as it is possible the office of general manager. This choice was the unanimous one of the Board."
Though an active politician and MP, Johnston devoted considerable time to the society, and proposed novel ideas about life assurance. In December 1933, they addressed the Glasgow and West of Scotland Faculty of Insurance, where they introduced the idea of an all-in social insurance scheme, covering unemployment, health and pensions. In effect, the society played a role in shaping the life assurance movement and what is now known as the Welfare State.
The following year, in 1934, James Stewart retired as general manager of the society and Johnston took over. With the society facing ever-rising administration costs as many of their members relocated to England in search of work, Johnston worked out proposals for co-operation between the collecting societies, proposing a sub-committee be formed. Despite opposition, in October 1934, Johnston was elected to the executive of the Association of Collecting Friendly Societies. They went on pressing for their sub-committee until 1938 when, in view of the reluctance of some of the larger societies to participate, they decided that no useful purpose would be served by proceeding with it.
One of the big changes that occurred during Johnston's management was the improvement of Society staff conditions. It was the first of its group to give the staff alternative Saturdays off, and it introduced a special bonus system. On several occasions the board proposed salary increases for the general manager, but on each occasion Johnston refused. In March 1938, for example, the board proposed to increase their salary by £500 a year. As Johnston knew there would have to be economies among the lower tiers of staff, they refused the increase.
In 1941, Tom Johnson was appointed wartime Secretary of State for Scotland by Prime Minister Winston Churchill but continued to work for the society and the principles for which it stood.
When Sir William Beveridge was asked to make a report on industrial assurance, Tom Johnston came back to the campaign they had been waging among the members of the Association of Collecting Friendly Societies. The report Social Insurance and Allied Services (known as the Beveridge Report) served as the basis for the post-World War II British welfare state put in place by the Labour government elected in 1945.
Responding to the Beveridge Report, a letter to the Association of Collecting Friendly Societies from David White, the interim general manager of the society, reiterated the need to remove some of the unnecessary costs of Industrial Assurance:
"My Board does not believe it possible or desirable to defend a system of collection which involves 20 or 30 offices collecting in almost every street in the land: in thousands upon thousands of instances two or three offices sending or permitting agents to collect in the same houses, and in extreme cases the same Society sending or permitting two of its agents to collect in the same houses."
The letter goes on to remind the Association of the attempts by Tom Johnston to get a sub-committee appointed.
In 1946, after 34 years' active service, Johnston retired as the society's general manager. But they did not give up their connection and continued as a director of the trustee company, which held the society's investments.
Wartime roles
In April 1939, during the build-up to the Second World War, John Anderson, the Home Secretary, appointed Johnston as Commissioner for Civil Defence in Scotland. In this role, Johnston oversaw preparations for aerial bombardment and possible invasion, and the organisation of shelter and relief work. Prime Minister Winston Churchill appointed Johnston as Secretary of State for Scotland on 12 February 1941, and Johnston retained the post until May 1945. As Devine (1999) concludes, "Johnston was a giant figure in Scottish politics and is revered to this day as the greatest Scottish Secretary of the century....In essence, Johnston was promised the powers of a benign dictator.".
Johnston launched numerous initiatives to promote Scotland. Opposed to the excessive concentration of industry in the English Midlands, they attracted 700 businesses and 90,000 new jobs through their new Scottish Council of Industry. They set up 32 committees to deal with any number of social and economic problems, ranging from juvenile delinquency to sheep farming. They regulated rents, and set up a prototype national health service (see Emergency Hospital Service), using new hospitals set up in the expectation of large numbers of casualties from German bombing. Their most successful venture was setting up a system of hydroelectricity using water power in the Scottish Highlands.
A long-standing supporter of the Home Rule movement, they were able to persuade Churchill of the need to counter the Scottish nationalist threat north of the border and created a Scottish Council of State and a Council of Industry as institutions to devolve some power away from Whitehall.
Post-war activity
They withdrew from politics in 1945 to run the Hydro Board. Johnston subsequently served as chairperson of various Scottish organisations, including the Scottish Tourist Board, the Scottish National Forestry Commission (1945–48) and the North of Scotland Hydro-Electric Board (1946–59). They represented Scottish interests in the council appointed to devise the 1951 Festival of Britain. In 1948 they were awarded the Freedom of the City of Aberdeen. They were also Chancellor of Aberdeen University from 1951 until their death in 1965.
Power to the Glens
Undoubtedly their greatest legacy was the creation of the North of Scotland Hydro-Electric Board.
Until the 1940s, many rural areas of Scotland outwith the Central Belt had little or no electricity supply. There were coal-fired steam-turbine and some diesel-driven power stations serving urban locations, and excess capacity from a few large industrial hydroelectricity stations (e.g. those serving the aluminium smelters at Foyers and Kinlochleven) was made available locally, but there was no widespread distribution of electricity through a comprehensively integrated electric power transmission system such as the present National Grid.
Possibly inspired by the earlier example of the American Tennessee Valley Authority initiative of the New Deal administration of President Franklin D Roosevelt, but undoubtedly determined to address the very strong popular sentiment of the immediate post-war period for a more equitable distribution of the resources and benefits of a modern economy, Johnston strove hard and successfully to win over all interested parties, including generally reluctant landowners, to the goal of harnessing the (then) scarcely developed but naturally well-suited geography and climate of the Scottish Highlands to the generation of electricity by water power. In the three decades following the Second World War, the Hydro Board's teams of planners, engineers, architects and labourers succeeded in creating an epic succession of electricity generation and distribution schemes that were world-renowned not only for successfully achieving their technical aims in very demanding terrain but for often doing so in an aesthetically inspiring manner. The economic and social benefits thus brought to all the people of Scotland, and especially those in rural areas, were immense and long-lasting.
Private life
In 1920 they published the History of the Working Classes in Scotland.
They married Margaret F. Cochrane (d.1977) in 1914 and they were married for over 50 years.
From 1950 to 1952 they served as President of the Scottish History Society.
They died in Milngavie on 5 September 1965.
Notes
Bibliography
Galbraith, Russell (1995), Without Quarter: A Biography of Tom Johnston, Birlinn,
Harvie, Christopher (1981), Labour and Scottish Government: The Age of Tom Johnston, in The Bulletin of Scottish Politics No. 2, Spring 1981, pp. 1 – 20
Douds, Gerard. "Tom Johnston in India," Journal of the Scottish Labour History Society, 1984, Issue 19, pp 6–21,
House, Jack and Laing, Allan (2012) The Friendly Adventure: The Story of Scottish Friendly Assurance Society's One Hundred and Fifty Years PDF
Miller, Jim The Dam Builders: Power from the Glens (; Birlinn 2003)
Pottinger, George (1979), The Secretaries of State for Scotland 1926-76, Scottish Academic Press, Edinburgh, pp. 87 - 99
Torrance, David The Scottish Secretaries (Birlinn 2006)
Walker, Graham. "Johnston, Thomas (1881–1965)", Oxford Dictionary of National Biography, Oxford University Press, 2004; online edn, May 2006 accessed 19 Dec 2010
Walker, Graham. Thomas Johnston (1988), scholarly biography
Primary sources
Johnston, Tom. Memories (1952)
External links
1881 births
1965 deaths
Alumni of the University of Glasgow
British Secretaries of State
Independent Labour Party National Administrative Committee members
Lords Privy Seal
Members of the Order of the Companions of Honour
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Dundee constituencies
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Stirling constituencies
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
Ministers in the Churchill wartime government, 1940–1945
People educated at Lenzie Academy
Politicians from Kirkintilloch
Red Clydeside
Scottish Labour MPs
Scottish socialists
Secretaries of State for Scotland
UK MPs 1922–1923
UK MPs 1923–1924
UK MPs 1924–1929
UK MPs 1929–1931
UK MPs 1935–1945
The 2021 CONCACAF League Final was the final round of the 2021 CONCACAF League, the fifth edition of the CONCACAF League, the secondary club football tournament organised by CONCACAF, the regional governing body of North America, Central America, and the Caribbean.
The final was contested in two-legged home-and-away format between Motagua from Honduras and Comunicaciones from Guatemala.
The first leg was hosted by Motagua at the Estadio Tiburcio Carías Andino in Tegucigalpa on 8 December 2021, and the second leg was hosted by Comunicaciones at the Estadio Doroteo Guamuch Flores in Guatemala City on 14 December 2021.
Teams
Venues
Road to the final
Note: In all results below, the score of the finalist is given first (H: home; A: away).
Format
The final was played on a home-and-away two-legged basis, with the team with the better performance in previous rounds (excluding preliminary round) hosting the second leg.
The away goals rule will not be applied, and extra time would be played if the aggregate score was tied after the second leg. If the aggregate score was still tied after extra time, the penalty shoot-out would be used to determine the winner (Regulations II, Article G).
Performance ranking
Matches
First leg
</onlyinclude>
Second leg
</onlyinclude>
References
External links
CONCACAF League Finals
2021–22 in Honduran football
International association football competitions hosted by Honduras
International association football competitions hosted by Guatemala
CONCACAF League Final
F.C. Motagua matches
Comunicaciones F.C. matches
Al-Rawi (, lit. “The Narrator”) is an Egyptian animated series recounting key events in Islamic history in Classical Arabic. The story's eponymous “Narrator” is named Noureddin, and they tell their stories to the young Prince Shehab.
Synopsis
The plot centers on a man who uses science to become King Imad al-Din's vizier. Threatened by Imad al-Din's jealousy, the scientist foments war between Imad al-Din and Noureddin, a jailed former king.
Crew
Major Arab actors participated in the voice cast, including Yousuf Shaaban, Sawsan Badr, Alaa Morsy, Hassan Abdel Fattah, Khaled Saleh, and Abdel Rahman Abou Zahra. Sameh Mustafa was the director.
References
Egyptian animated television series
2014 Egyptian television series debuts
2014 Egyptian television series endings
Helen Lang may refer to:
Helen S. Lang (1947–2016), American philosopher
Helen Lang, a character in the 1950 American comedy film The Big Hangover played by Anna Q. Nilsson
Helen Lang, a character a 1989 Australian mini series Bodysurfer played by Melissa Marshall
Richard Milner is an American historian of science and a singer who stars in the musical, Charles Darwin: Live & in Concert.
Publications
References
External links
Charles Darwin Live, the Evolving Web Site
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
21st-century American historians
21st-century American male writers
American male singers
American male musical theatre actors
American male non-fiction writers
The Golden Goblet Award for Best Animation Film (Chinese: 金爵奖最佳动画片) is the highest prize awarded to films in the animation category of competition at the Shanghai International Film Festival.
Award Winners
References
Lists of films by award
Shanghai International Film Festival
Albert Fonó (born 2 July 1881 in Budapest, d. 21 November 1972 in Budapest), a successful Hungarian mechanical engineer who was one of the early pioneers of turbojet and ramjet propulsion and was first to patent a ramjet engine and a turbojet engine in 1928 (granted in 1932).
Fonó graduated from the József Technical University in Budapest in 1903 and travelled widely, gaining experience working for German, Belgian, French and Swiss manufacturers, before attaining their Ph.D.
Their main specialty was energetics. They had 46 patents in 20 topics of research, including a steam boiler and an air compressor for mines. In 1915 they devised a solution for increasing the range of artillery, comprising a gun-launched projectile combined with a ramjet propulsion unit. This was to make it possible to obtain a long range with low initial muzzle velocities, allowing heavy shells to be fired from relatively lightweight guns. Fonó submitted their invention to the Austro-Hungarian Army but the proposal was rejected.
They summarised the essence of their innovation for the military officers: "The projectile stores chemical energy in the fuel it carries, instead of simple kinetic energy. On the way, the fuel is burned by the air flowing against it, the heat generated being converted into work, overcoming the air resistance. This not only overcomes the resistance but also allows the flying projectile to accelerate during the flight. It becomes possible to achieve a long range at a relatively low initial velocity and a high impact energy at the point of impact."
After World War I Fonó returned to the subject of jet propulsion, in May 1928 describing an "air-jet engine" (now called a ramjet) which they described as being suitable for high-altitude supersonic aircraft, in a German patent application. In an additional patent application they adapted the engine for subsonic speed. The patent was finally granted in 1932 after four years of examination (German Patent No. 554,906, 1932-11-02).
From 1954 they were a corresponding member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences and received the Hungarian Kossuth Prize in 1956 (awarded for outstanding merit in the cultural and artistic fields). In 1968 they became a corresponding member of the International Academy of Astronautics. Finally, in 1960, the American Rocket Society reviewed their patents and acknowledged them as the inventor of the jet engine.
 They are remembered by the Albert Fonó Award, which is awarded by the Hungarian Astronautical Society.
Notes
References
External links
http://www.mszh.hu/feltalalok/fono.html - biography on the Hungarian Patent Office's website (in Hungarian).
https://www.sztnh.gov.hu/en/hungarian-inventors-and-inventions/albert-fono - a briefer version of the above, in English.
1881 births
1972 deaths
20th-century Hungarian inventors
Engineers from Budapest
Jet engine pioneers
Members of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences
Ramjet engines
The 1934 Drake Bulldogs football team was an American football team that represented Drake University in the Missouri Valley Conference (MVC) during the 1934 college football season. In its second season under head coach Vee Green, the team compiled a 3–6–1 record (2–2 against MVC opponents), tied for third place in the conference, and was outscored by a total of 135 to 59.
Schedule
References
Drake
Drake Bulldogs football seasons
Drake Bulldogs football
Oliver Joseph Cooper (born 14 December 1999) is a Welsh footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Swansea City.
Career
Swansea City
Cooper joined the Swansea youth academy as a U12, and signed their first professional contract with the club in February 2019. Cooper made their professional debut with Swansea in a 2-0 FA Cup win over Stevenage on 9 January 2021. They scored their first goal for Swansea on 23 January 2021 in a 5–1 win over Nottingham Forest in the FA Cup fourth round.
Newport County (loan)
On 31 August 2021, Cooper joined League Two side Newport Counties on a season-long loan deal, with the option of them returning to their parent club in January 2022. They made their debut for Newport the same day in the starting line-up for the 2–0 win against Plymouth Argyle in the EFL Trophy. Cooper scored their first goal for Newport on 2 October 2021 in the 3-0 League Two wins against Scunthorpe United.
International
Oli Cooper is a Wales Under-21 international.
Personal life
Oli Cooper is the son of the retired English footballer Kevin Cooper.
Career statistics
References
External links
Swansea City Profile
1999 births
Living people
Welsh footballers
Wales youth international footballers
Welsh people of English descent
English Football League players
Association football midfielders
Swansea City A.F.C. players
Newport County A.F.C. players
Basket Ferentino is an Italian professional basketball team based in Ferentino, Lazio. Founded in 1977, the side plays in the second division Serie A2 as of the 2015-16 season
History
Basket Ferentino was founded in 1977. At first it played the regional tournaments until 1987, when it achieved the promotion for the first time in Serie D. In 1989 recede in the Promotion League where they remained for two seasons. It returned to Serie D in 1992 and remains in this category until 1998 when it won the championship and the promotion to the Serie C2 and later in 2000 to Serie C1.
In the 2005-2006 season Ferentino was promoted in Serie B2 instead of Cagliari, During That season it won the championship and the promotion to Serie B1.
Participates to the Serie A2 Silver during the 2008-2009 season. In the 2011-2012 season Ferentino achieved the proportion to Serie A2 Basket.
Notable players
Omar Thomas
Marcus Gilbert
References
External links
Official website
Basketball teams in Italy
The Makuleke Contractual Park or Pafuri Triangle constitutes the northernmost section of the Kruger National Park, South Africa, and comprises approximately 240 square kilometres of land. The "triangle" is a wedge of land created by the confluence of the Limpopo and Luvuvhu Rivers at the tripoint Crook's Corner, which forms a border with Zimbabwe along the Limpopo River. It is a natural choke point for wildlife crossing from North to South and back, and forms a distinct ecological region.
Pafuri (Tsonga) is derived from Mphaphuli, the dynastic name of Venda chieftains who ruled locally, while the Luvuvhu River is named after a Combretum tree (Venda: muvuvhu, Tsonga Rivubye) growing on its banks.
Geological history
The Makuleke region carries a remarkable geological and natural heritage that makes this region of interest to geographers and historians. Some rocks in the area have been dated to over 250 million years old. In the bottom of Lanner Gorge are rocks that appear to be of Permian age, which indicate that the then interior of Pangea was harsh and arid.
The rocks above the Permian ones are from the Triassic and date to between 248 million and 206 million years. Rocks of this age are found in the lower walls of Lanner Gorge and in these can be found fragments of bone and probably wood representing both holdovers from the Permian–Triassic extinction event like glossopetrids (a type of tree) and dicynodonts (a form of mammal-like reptile), and new forms that would dominate the Mesozoic, including modern conifers, cycads and of course dinosaurs, such as Euskelosaurus.
Most of the sandstones in the Pafuri region however probably represent the great age of dinosaurs – the Jurassic and Cretaceous Periods. During the early parts of the Jurassic, which lasted from approximately 210 million years ago until about 144 million years ago, the area was almost certainly extremely arid as is evidenced by the great sandstones of the region and the many dune and desert structures – such as desert roses – that are found preserved within the rocks of the region. In these sediments have been found the remains of early dinosaurs - possibly those of a species known as Massospondylus. It was also clearly a period of intense volcanism – with intrusive igneous rocks representing the ejected and intrusive molten matter from the interior of the Earth scattered about the region. The Jurassic was the age of great plant eating sauropods and smaller, carnivorous dinosaurs. This was the age of the origin of vertebrate flight with pterosaurs – flying dinosaurs – and the first birds appearing. The oceans themselves were full of a wide variety of life including many different types of fish, squids and ammonites – fossils of which are plentiful in the slightly younger rocks of the coastal regions to the southeast of the area. This was also a time of global upheaval as the World-continent of Pangea began to break up.
The Jurassic gives way to the Cretaceous Period in the upper rocks of the Makuleke area, and these are particularly evident in the North and East of the Pafuri triangle. In these upper-most rocks - the region still seems to be dominated by deserts but these seem to give way to water born gravels that may indicate the emergence of the ancient Limpopo in the region. This is particularly evident in areas like Matule hill, where abundant gravels contain large and small bone fragments that appear to be those of medium-sized and small dinosaurs. Fossil wood typical of the Cretaceous flora have also been found in the rocks of the region. The Cretaceous Period lasted from about 144 million years ago until 66 million years when the Cretaceous–Paleogene extinction event occurred. While the Cretaceous is often referred to as the end of the age of dinosaurs, many new lifeforms appeared. This is the age of Tyrannosaurus rex and the ceratopsian dinosaurs (armoured and horned dinosaurs like Triceratops). The abundant marine deposits of the North East coast of South Africa are of this age. There is also the hope of finding the rarest forms of vertebrates alive in this time period – the tiny mammals which would eventually dominate the planet after the Cretaceous extinction event.
The Cretaceous is followed by the Palaeogene Epoch – but this is apparently not well recorded in this region. The next sedimentary sequence is apparently just under two million years old – and comprises the Limpopo and Luvuvhu sands and gravels covering the lower parts of the region. The landscape today in the Makuleke has been largely carved out by the meanderings and erosional activities of the two rivers. The sandy soils are sediments that have been brought from hundreds if not thousands of kilometers away by the Luvuvhu and the Limpopo.
Early human history
From about 1.5 million years ago, human ancestors, who were probably members of the species Homo erectus, were attracted to the area as a source of raw material for making early Stone Age tools. The raw materials they were seeking are still visible today in the form of rocks and cobbles of non-native materials brought from the West and in abundance in channel lag deposits left by the ancient Limpopo. Homo erectus clearly found this raw material provided by the rivers of great importance and used these abundant gravel deposits as quarry sites – there are quite literally hundreds of thousands if not millions of stone tools, and the byproducts of their manufacturing process, which can be seen throughout the area. Beautifully crafted hand axes – which are common – are evidence that this early stone tool culture represents the Acheulean industry and lasted from around 1.7 million years ago until around 250,000 years ago when it gave way to a slightly more advanced stone tool culture known as the Middle Stone Age. The vast numbers of Acheulean aged stone tools in the region are not only testimony of the large numbers of human ancestors that occupied the area, but also the vast amount of time in which this occupation occurred – more than 1.4 million years of continuous occupation.
Tools of the Middle Stone Age are also in abundance in the area, particularly on top of hills and mountains in the region where these humans were apparently using overlooks and high spots to scout for game. On top of many hills, at particularly good outlooks, can be found quite literally thousands of Middle Stone age knives, scrapers and spear-points. The Middle Stone Age begins around 250,000 years ago and ends around 25 – 35 thousand years ago. It holds within this temporal period not only the origins of a new and more complex toolkit used by humans, but the origin in Africa of modernity itself – it is during the middle part of this period that we see not only the emergence of the modern human brain and physical features but modern human culture – our infinite toolkit, artwork and burial of the dead.
The Middle Stone age is followed in this region by the Latest Stone Age and most places have evidence of the micro-lithic cultures that characterize this hunter-gather lifestyle of modern humans. The Latest Stone Age merges with the culture of Iron-aged Bantu speaking pastoralists who moved into the region around 1500 to 2000 years ago. Rock art from this period is abundant in the region, particularly South of the Luvuvhu, but good examples have recently been discovered in the Pafuri region itself.
Mapungubwe and the rise of Thulamela
From around 1200 a large cultural civilization and trade network began to emerge just to the North as is evidenced at such sites as Mapungubwe. Additionally, the idea of sacred leadership emerged – concept that transcends English terms such as "Kings" or "Queens". Sacred leaders were elite members of the community, types of prophets, people with supernatural powers and the ability to predict the future. These early civilizations represented the rise of one of the greatest ancient trade networks the world has ever seen.
Through interactions and trade with Muslim traders plying the Indian ocean as far south as present day Mozambique – the region emerged as a trade center producing gold and ivory and trading for glass beads and porcelain from as far away as China.
The end of Mapungubwe occurred at the same time as the rise of an even greater trading and architectural civilization – that of Great Zimbabwe – which flourished for more than one hundred years. The centre of power then shifted to the south at a site known as Khami near present-day Bulawayo. It was then, around 1550, that groups crossed the Limpopo and founded numerous flourishing settlements in the Pafuri region including that of Thulamela on the southern bank of the Luvuvhu. Thulamela was one of many walled cities that existed in the Pafuri triangle – almost every hill and overlook in the area has evidence of significant occupation during this period. Thulamela and the other walled cities of the region were occupied at about the same time Portuguese trade began on the eastern coast of southern Africa. The wealth and sophistication of these people is evident by the beautifully crafted gold jewelry, Arab glass beads and Chinese porcelain found in the sites and accompanying burials of sacred leaders. The Thulamela culture ended around 1650.
Political history
The Makuleke area was forcibly taken from the Makuleke people by the Apartheid South Africa government in 1969 and about 1500 of them were relocated to land to the South so that their original tribal areas could be integrated into the greater Kruger National Park. In 1996 the Makuleke tribe submitted a land claim for in the northern park of the Kruger National Park. The land was given back to the Makuleke people, however, they chose not to resettle on the land but to engage with the Private Sector to invest in tourism, thus resulting in the building of several game lodges.
Reintroduction of game
Due to its proximity to Zimbabwe and Mozambique, the area had been heavily poached by the time the Makuleke people received the land back. Recent anti-poaching efforts and re-introduction of game including white rhino, have resulted in significant increases in the number of animals.
The introduction of significant species which have been absent for many years (more than 120 years in the case of the white rhino), the protection of all animal and plant life, and partnering with the Makuleke people in sustainable ecotourism mark the beginning of the restoration of ecological integrity to the area.
Plants and animals
The Pafuri region is famous for its bird watching and more than 250 bird species have been recorded in a year. While comprising only about 1% of the Kruger National Park's actual area, the area contains plants and animals representing almost 75% of the Parks total diversity.
The area has both semi-arid vegetation including numerous large baobabs and rich riverine forests with large nyala trees. While game is plentiful, one is most likely to encounter nyala, buffalo and bushbuck in the riverine areas and drier adapted game, including white rhino, in the uplands. The area is famous for its elephant herds in winter, which come to drink from the Luvuvhu River.
Desertification
Many people visiting the modern Limpopo expecting the great grey-green greasy Limpopo of Kipling fame and yet seeing great sand filled body instead. This is, however, a recent phenomenon, probably due to a great extent to the over utilization by agriculture of the water resources of the river. As recently as 1950, a Zambezi shark was caught at the confluence of the Luvuvhu and Limpopo rivers.
Other facts
Crook's Corner gained its name in the 19th century as the region was seen as a haven for criminals and poachers who would use the proximity of three countries at the join of the Limpopo and Luvuvhu rivers to escape police by fleeing out of their jurisdiction into an adjoining country.
The Makuleke area will form the core of the approximately 35,000 km2 Transfrontier Park or "Peace Park".
See also
Kruger National Park
List of national parks in Africa
References
External links
Kruger National Park official website
Pafuri Camp commercial website
Protected areas of Limpopo
Kruger National Park
South Africa–Zimbabwe border
Ramsar sites in South Africa
The Inabanga River is the largest river in Bohol, Philippines. It is long and up to deep at its mouth at the town of Inabanga.
Its name means "Rented River", from the root word abang which means "rent". Due to drownings and attacks by crocodiles (which used to inhabit the river), this loss of life was considered a rent for the use of the river.
In May 2017, the Inabanga River was used by heavily armed members of Abu Sayyaf for a planned incursion into Bohol.
Course
Its sources, the Wahig and Pamacsalan Rivers, spring in the mountains of Sierra Bullones and flow into an irrigation reservoir behind the Pilar or Malinao Dam. From there the Inabanga River bisects Bohol before draining in the Cebu Strait in the north-western part of the island. The major tributaries are the Dagohoy, Danao, Wahig, and Pamacsalan Rivers. Other minor tributaries are the Mas-ing, Sagnap, and Malitbog Rivers. In 1905, the river was navigable up to for boats drawing 6 ft, and up to for rafts.
The coastal plain is one to two miles wide where the river banks are muddy and fringed in many places by nipa mangroves, which are used by locals for nipa plantation and harvesting. Further upstream the surrounding hills rise steeply.
The river's estuary is a productive habitat for invertebrates, fish, and birds, as well as spawning and nursery grounds for many species of fish, supports seagrass vegetation, shellfish beds, and nesting grounds for a variety of birds. The estuary is under threat from human development pressures such as fish pens, oyster farms, recreational use, and pollution.
Watershed
The Inabanga River watershed is and covers all or parts of 15 municipalities in Bohol. It is mostly characterized by flat to rolling terrain, while some 35% of the watershed is very steep terrain, rising to in Sierra Bullones. Land use is almost all farmland, with patches of grasslands, thickets and secondary forests. Forests cover only 14% of the basin. A small portion of it is protected in the Rajah Sikatuna Protected Landscape.
The major subbasins are the Dagohoy River basin (area of ) and Danao River basin (area of ), as well as the Wahig and Pamacsalan basin (area of ).
The annual average rainfall is — in Pilar, in Dagohoy, and in Danao — which is equally distributed throughout the year.
See also
Other significant rivers in Bohol:
Abatan River
Loboc River
References
Rivers of the Philippines
Landforms of Bohol
Antoniadi Dorsum is a ridge on Mercury at , and it is approximately 359 km in length. In 1976, it was named by the International Astronomical Union after Eugène Michel Antoniadi.
Antoniadi Dorsum cuts across the crater Geddes. The same trend of ridges continues to the north, where it is called Endeavour Rupes near the crater Holbein, and beyond that it is called Victoria Rupes, which cuts across the crater Enheduanna.
References
Ridges
Surface features of Mercury
Pakotal () may refer to:
Pakotal, North Khorasan
Pakotal, Razavi Khorasan
The Malavettuvan is one of the tribal communities in the Kasaragod district of Kerala state, India.They are called vettuvans, because they were experts in hunting.
References
People from Kasaragod district
On April 16, 1816, Richard Stanford (DR) of died in office. A special election was held to fill the resulting vacancy
Election results
Dickens took their seat December 2, 1816, at the start of the Second Session of the 14th Congress.
See also
List of special elections to the United States House of Representatives
1816 and 1817 United States House of Representatives elections
List of United States representatives from North Carolina
References
1816 08
North Carolina 1816 08
North Carolina 08
North Carolina 08
United States House of Representatives 08
United States House of Representatives 1816 08
The 1901 Nobel Prize in Literature was the first awarded Nobel Prize in Literature. It was awarded to the French poet Sully Prudhomme (1839–1907) "in special recognition of their poetic composition, which gives evidence of lofty idealism, artistic perfection and a rare combination of the qualities of both heart and intellect."
Laureate
Sully Prudhomme belonged to a school of poets that wanted to write in a classic and formally elegant style. Their poetry combined formal perfection with an interest in science and philosophy. According to the Swedish Academy, their elevated poetry fit in Alfred Nobel's formulation about works "in an ideal direction".
Nominations
Sully Prudhomme was nominated for the prize by 17 members of the Académie Française, of which Sully Prudhomme themselves was a member. In total the Nobel committee received 37 nominations for 24 individuals, including Frédéric Mistral (five nominations) and Henryk Sienkiewicz (three nominations) who were subsequently both awarded the prize, and the only woman nominated, Malwida von Meysenburg.
The first name on their list of candidates was Émile Zola, but the campaign from the Académie Française proved to be successful and the Swedish Academy chose to award Sully Prudhomme.
The notable authors Friedrich Nietzsche, José Maria de Eça de Queiroz, R. D. Blackmore, Ernest Dowson, Henry Sidgwick, Max Müller, Naim Frashëri, Oscar Wilde, Sigbjørn Obstfelder, Stephen Crane, Vladimir Solovyov, Charles Dudley Warner, John Ruskin, Victoire Léodile Béra, Mary Kingsley, and Anne Beale all died in 1900, making them ineligible for the 1901 nominations. The nominated French theologian Louis Sabatier died months before the announcement, and authors Frederic W. H. Myers, Walter Besant, Grigore Sturdza, Maurice Thompson, William Cosmo Monkhouse, V. A. Urechia, Brooke Foss Westcott, Julien Leclercq, Víctor Balaguer i Cirera, Charlotte Mary Yonge, Kate Greenaway, and Johanna Spyri died in 1901 without having been nominated for the prize.
Reactions
The Swedish Academy's decision to award Sully Prudhomme the first Nobel Prize in Literature was heavily criticised at the time and remains one of the most criticised prize decisions in the history of the Nobel Prize in literature. The choice of Sully Prudhomme was interpreted as a politeness towards the Académie Française, model to the Swedish Academy. Many believed that Lev Tolstoy should have been awarded the first Nobel Prize in literature. The leading representatives of the contemporary Swedish cultural elite including August Strindberg, Selma Lagerlöf, Verner von Heidenstam, Oscar Levertin, Bruno Liljefors, Anders Zorn and Albert Engström protested against the Academy saying they believed that Tolstoy was the most worthy recipient of the prize. An English newspaper said that Sully Prudhomme was a second rate poet who had not achieved anything in many years. Also from France and Germany came critical reactions with opinions that Tolstoy was the superior candidate for the prize.
References
External links
Award ceremony speech by C.D. af Wirsén nobelprize.org
Nobel Prize in Literature
Otters Aquatic Sports Club is a waterpolo club from Żebbuġ, Gozo, Malta. Otter represents Gozo in the Maltese Waterpolo league system.
For sponsorship reasons, the club is currently known as Otters Nivea.
History
The club website states that it is unclear when the club first started, however the first players were registered with the Gozo Aquatic Association on July 28, 1971, and thus this is considered as the founding date. The first players included Anton Refalo, Victor Grech, George Calleja, Carmel Debattista and Frank Masini. Otter has humble beginnings in the Gozitan Waterpolo League, starting from its second division. Eventually all the other teams (Għajnsielem, Sea Urchins, Blue Sharks, Dolphins, Whales, Penguins) became defunct and Otters joined the national league system.
Otters first fielded an Under-18 team within the Maltese Aquatic Sports Association of Malta in 1977 as an experiment. Eventually, in 1980, Otters started to test the Maltese waters again, and by 1982, they grew too strong within Gozo and thus the club decided to join the Maltese league system for good.
Premises
The club runs a restaurant as part of its premises.
Current Squad
Matthew Xerri
Chris Teuma
Andrew Magri
Gabriel Mizzi
Michael Paris
Marko Jelača
Max Borg
David Dimech
Luke Hyzler
Edward Meli
Joseph Sammut
Dom Zahra
Head Coach: Erik Valter
Asst. Coach: Alfred Cachia
Team Physio: Lóránt Rozsa
References
External links
Official Website
Gozo
Water polo clubs in Malta
Emmanuel Stewart (born 23 August 1999) is a Grenadian cricketer. They made their List A debut for the West Indies Under-19s in the 2016–17 Regional Super50 on 25 January 2017. Prior to their List A debut, they were named in the West Indies squad for the 2016 Under-19 Cricket World Cup. In November 2017, they were named as the captain of the West Indies squad for the 2018 Under-19 Cricket World Cup.
They made their first-class debut for the Windward Islands in the 2018–19 Regional Four Day Competition on 7 March 2019. In October 2019, they were named in the Windward Islands' squad for the 2019–20 Regional Super50 tournament.
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
Grenadian cricketers
West Indies under-19 cricketers
Windward Islands cricketers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Wicket-keepers
Nude Tuesday (stylised as Nûde Tuęsdäy) is a New Zealand comedy film that was written by Armağan Ballantyne and Jackie van Beek, and directed by Ballatyne. Set on a fictional island in the Pacific Ocean, the film follows Laura and Bruno (played by Jackie van Beek and Damon Herriman respectively) as they attend a new-age retreat to save their marriage. The film's dialogue is entirely in a fictional language, with English subtitles. Three versions of the film exist: one with subtitles written by British comedian Julia Davis, one with a different storyline written by Malaysian comedian Ronny Chieng and Australian comedian Celia Pacquola, and one without subtitles.
Plot
Laura (Jackie Van Beek) and Bruno (Damon Herriman) live on the island of Zǿbftąņ, located in the Pacific Ocean, north-west of Hawai'i. After a disastrous work presentation and anniversary dinner with their in-laws, Laura and Bruno attempt to rekindle their marriage, by heading to Ẅønđeulä, a mountainous couples retreat run by guru Bjorg Rasmussen (Jemaine Clement).
Cast and characters
Jackie van Beek as Laura
Damon Herriman as Bruno
Jemaine Clement as Bjorg Rasmussen
Ian Zaro as Rufus
Chelsie Preston Crayford as Julie
Ghenoa Gela as Rakel
Byron Coll as Finnius
Yvette Parsons as Margaret
Chris Bunton as Louis
Chris Parker as Stefan
Jodie Rimmer as Diane
Production
The film's script was originally developed in English. During a phone call to Ballantyne, Jackie van Beek suggested that the film be in a gibberish, to tie in to the film's theme of miscommunication. The film was rehearsed in English based on van Beek's script, and performed in the fictional gibberish language of Zǿbftąņlik. It was shot in two locations: Auckland and the Queenstown-Lakes District of the South Island, at the Wonderland Lodge in Makarora and Cardrona.
Zǿbftąņlik is a spontaneous language created by Wellington voice coach Perry Piercy. While not a constructed language, Piercy created phonic rules inspired by Nordic languages, as they felt that it was important that all actors in the film appeared to be speaking the same language. Piercy developed the language alongside four of the actors of the film, using Fitzmaurice Voicework techniques, to make the actors feel comfortable improvising sounds in the new language. While most words are improvised, some words in Zǿbftąņlik have a set meaning, including "tula" (thank you) and "vilm" (please). Clement's character Bjorg Rasmussen occasionally uses English language phrases.
After the film was shot and edited, subtitles were added by British comedian Julia Davis. Davis worked on the subtitles over a three-month period, having never read the original screenplay. Davis' subtitles greatly differed from Ballantyne and van Beek's original script. An additional set of subtitles was created by Malaysian comedian Ronny Chieng and Australian comedian Celia Pacquola. The New Zealand, United Kingdom releases of the film feature Davis' subtitles, while most other territories will receive the Chieng and Pacquola version. In Australia, the Sydney Film Festival release used Davis' subtitles, while its debut on streaming services will use Chieng and Pacquola's.
Soundtrack
The film's soundtrack features cover versions of Phil Phillips' "Sea of Love", Kenny Rogers and Dolly Parton's "Islands in the Stream", The Zombies' "Time of the Season" and Talking Heads' "Road to Nowhere", recorded in the fictional language of Zǿbftąņlik. The covers were primarily performed by Moniker, a group composed of indie rock band Phoenix Foundation members Lukasz Pawel Buda, Samuel Flynn Scott and Thomas Conrad Wedde, who had previously worked on the soundtrack for the film Hunt for the Wilderpeople (2016). Jemaine Clement performs vocals on the cover of "Road to Nowhere", and a song from The Weeping Jester, a fictional album performed by their character Bjorg Rasmussen. The covers' Zǿbftąņlik lyrics were supplied by Perry Piercey.
Release
The film debuted on 10 June 2022 at the Sydney Film Festival, and online at the Tribeca Film Festival on 11 June 2022. It received a wide release in New Zealand cinemas on 16 June 2022, and in Australian cinemas on 23 June, followed by a streaming release on Stan on 7 July.
Reception
The film received positive reviews. It holds on Rotten Tomatoes based on critic reviews.
References
External links
2022 films
2022 comedy films
Stan (service) original films
Fictional-language films
New Zealand comedy films
Films set on fictional islands
Films set in Polynesia
Films shot in New Zealand
Prathikaram () is a 1972 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by Kumar. The film stars Jayabharathi, Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair, Alummoodan and C. L. Anandan. The film's score was composed by M. B. Sreenivasan.
Cast
Jayabharathi as Shobha
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair as Pankajakshan Nair
Alummoodan as Peethambharan
C. L. Anandan as Raju, Soman
Aranmula Ponnamma as Raju's mother
Kanchana (old)
Kamal Haasan Uncredited role of a Punjabi singer in a song
S. P. Pillai as Shobha's father
Jose Prakash as Sreedharan Thampi
Adoor Pankajam as Kamalam
K. V. Shanthi as Vimala
Baby Sumathi as Leela
Soundtrack
The music was composed by M. B. Sreenivasan with lyrics by Sreekumaran Thampi.
References
External links
1972 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Stanley E. Fay (February 18, 1910 – August 31, 1987) was an American football player and business person. They played at the halfback and quarterback positions for the Michigan Wolverines football teams from 1931 to 1933. They were the leading scorers for the undefeated national champion 1932 Michigan Wolverines football team and the captain of the undefeated national champion 1933 Michigan Wolverines football team. They later worked for many years with Harry Bennett at the Ford Motor Company and as a real estate agent in Detroit.
University of Michigan
Fay attended Northwestarn High School in Detroit, Michigan, before enrolling at the University of Michigan. They played at the halfback and quarterback positions for the Michigan Wolverines football teams from 1931 to 1933.
In October 1931, Fay gained national media attention after scoring two touchdowns in Michigan's 21–0 win over Princeton in the first meeting between the two schools in 50 years. The United Press report on the game noted: "Stanley Fay, hard-running 175-pound halfback from Detroit, was the hero of Michigan's triumph scoring the first touchdown on a 50-yard run from a fake placement kick in the second period and clinching the contest with a seven-yard dash around end for a second score in the final period."
Fay also scored two touchdowns again in Michigan's 15–6 victory over Northwestern in October 1932, putting them at the top of the Big Ten Conference individual scoring list at the time. Two weeks later, Fay scored Michigan's first two touchdowns in a 35–0 win against Illinois, the worst defeat ever suffered by a team coached by College Football Hall of Fame coach Robert Zuppke. The Associated Press account of the game noted: "Michigan stowed the game away safely in the first two periods when Stanley Fay, Wolverine halfback, registered the first two touchdowns after steady marches down the field. Fay plowed through the Illinois defense from the 11-yard line for the opening marker . . . In the second period Fay again carried the ball over . . . .from the one-yard line." Fay's rushing and scoring was one of the leading offensive weapons for the undefeated national champion 1932 Michigan Wolverines football team.
When Fay was elected by their teammates as the captain of the 1933 Michigan team, newspapers reported that their election was viewed as "an augur of good luck," as Fay had never played on a losing team, either in high school or college. Following the graduation of 1932 quarterback Harry Newman, Fay was moved to the quarterback position for the 1933 season. Fay helped lead the 1933 Michigan Wolverines football team to its second consecutive undefeated season and national championship.
Ford Motor Company
After graduating from Michigan, Fay worked for Ford Motor Company, beginning as an assistant to Harry Bennett, Henry Ford's most trusted lieutenant and the head of Ford's Service Department responsible for labor relations. As Bennett moved into a larger sphere of duties, Fay became Ford's personnel director. In 1943, sports writer Watson Spoelstra wrote a syndicated story about the many former athletes working at Ford. Spoelstra noted that, aside from being a famous athlete himself, Fay had many former athletes working under him: "The inner circle about Fay also includes many minds which once made split decisions under fire on whether to field an end over end punt, or to try the squeeze play."
In September 1943, Bennett and Fay became the subject of controversy as a result of the court martial trial of William Colman, the former commanding officer of Selfridge Air Base in suburban Detroit. Colman was accused of, among other things, accepting gifts in exchange for procuring a war-time transfer of Henry Ford's grandson, Benson Ford, from Fort Custer to Selfridge. Bennett testified that a shoe shining outfit had been sent to Colman by Fay but that the gift had no connection to the transfer of Benson Ford.
In September 1945, Henry Ford II removed Bennett from their executive position at Ford Motor Company, and Bennett then resigned their position on the board of directors. Fay also resigned their position at Ford. In October 1945, Bennett and Fay formed a new company, called B-G-F Manufacturers' Representatives Co., with attorney Byron Geller. The company derived its name from the first letter of the last names of the three owners. The company was reportedly dissolved four months later in February 1946.
Later years
After their association with Ford and Bennett came to an end, Fay became a Detroit area real estate agent. Fay died in August 1987 at age 77. They were a resident of Franklin, Michigan at the time of their death.
References
External links
1910 births
1987 deaths
American football halfbacks
American football quarterbacks
American real estate businesspeople
Ford people
Michigan Wolverines football players
Players of American football from Detroit
20th-century American businesspeople
People from Franklin, Michigan
Northwestern High School (Michigan) alumni
Apet may refer to either of
Apet, a former romanization of Egyptian Ipet ("The Nurse"), a hippo-headed protective goddess closely associated or conflated with Taweret
apet, a former romanization of Egyptian ipet or ip.t, an Ancient Egyptian unit of volume
The Hundred of Nunnyah is a hundred within County of Dufferin, South Australia. and was founded in 1913.
The traditional owners of the hundred are the Wirangu peoples.
See also
Lands administrative divisions of South Australia
References
Nunnyah
The Noblit–Lytle House was a classic example of a log dog-trot house built in 1848 and located in Minor Hill, Tennessee, U.S. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places between 2008 and 2018, when it was demolished.
History
The Noblit–Lytle House was built in 1848 for Thomas Hughes Noblit, a landowner and slaveholder. During the American Civil War of 1861–1865, the house was ransacked by the Union Army. In the 1890s, it was acquired by Noblit's son-in-law, William F. Lytle. One of their daughters, Dr Mary Lytle, studied dentistry at Vanderbilt University and practiced in Birmingham, Alabama and Anniston, Alabama.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on August 1, 2008. A very expert and highly detailed account of the house's history was prepared by consultant Robbie D. Jones and placed in the National Register of Historic Places archive.
Demolition
Despite having been listed on the National Register of Historic Places, the Noblit–Lytle House was dismantled and subsequently demolished in 2018 by Mark Bowe and Karen Tillery for the Barnwood Builders TV program, Episode 1 of Season 6. A valuable cultural resource in situ, the Noblit–Lytle House still retained "a high degree of architectural integrity from the ca. 1848–1950 period of significance," according to section 8, page 16 of the National Register listing, but was demolished instead for the acquisition and sale of the "log cabin" wood that comprised the core of the historic structure. It was delisted from the National Register in July 2018.
The Historical Marker Database states there were two metal signs erected in the front of the property by the Tennessee Historical Commission clearly identifying the pioneer homestead as a site of great historical significance.
References
External links
Noblit–Lytle Home | Battle of Nashville & Beyond
Nine Tennessee Sites Added to the National Register of Historical Places
Rose Street Reflections: Noblit–Lytle House
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Tennessee
Greek Revival houses in Tennessee
Queen Anne architecture in Tennessee
Houses completed in 1848
Houses in Giles County, Tennessee
Buildings and structures demolished in 2018
Former National Register of Historic Places in Tennessee
Above the Noise is a 2010 album by McFly.
Above the Noise may also refer to:
Above the Noise, a 2010 album by Jaime Jamgochian
Above the Noise, a 2003 album by The Revolution Smile
Above the Noise Tour, 2011 concert tour by McFly
Above the Noise, a digitally-distributed ongoing video series put out by PBS Digital Studios
See also
"Shout above the Noise", a song by Breathing Space from Coming Up for Air
Signal-to-noise ratio, of a desired signal to the level of background noise
Ohio's 13th senatorial district has been based in metropolitan Lorain, Ohio and consists of all of the counties of Huron and Lorain. It encompasses Ohio House districts 55, 56 and 57. It has a Cook PVI of D+5. Its Ohio Senator is Republican Nathan Manning. They reside in North Ridgeville, a city located in Lorain County.
List of senators
References
External links
Ohio's 13th district senator at the 130th Ohio General Assembly official website
Ohio State Senate districts
Camp Champlain is an unincorporated area and community in city of North Bay, Nipissing District in Northeastern Ontario, Canada. The community is located on a long, unnamed peninsula that separates Four Mile Bay from the rest of Trout Lake.
It consists of a number of cottages lining the eastern bulb of the peninsula and is served by Peninsula Road, which goes from Camp Champlain to Ontario Highway 63 at Lounsbury.
References
Communities in Nipissing District
Alice ("Alie") te Riet (born August 4, 1953 in Groningen) is a former breaststroke swimmer from the Netherlands, who competed for their native country at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, West Germany. There they were eliminated in the qualifying heats of the 100 m breaststroke, clocking 1:18.79 (20th place), and the same in the 200 m breaststroke: 2:48.49 (17th place). As a member of the Dutch relay team, Te Riet finished in fifth place in the 4x100 m medley relay (4:29.99), alongside Enith Brigitha (backstroke), Anke Rijnders (butterfly) and Hansje Bunschoten (freestyle).
References
1953 births
Living people
Olympic swimmers of the Netherlands
Swimmers at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Groningen (city)
Dutch female breaststroke swimmers
Lavinia Meijer (born February 12, 1983) is a South Korean-born Dutch harpist. Them concerts have included a solo harp evening at Carnegie Hall in New York City.
Education
Born in South Korea, they were adopted (along with their brother) when they were two years old by a family in Holland. Them adoptive father and mother are Dutch and Austrian, respectively. They began playing the harp when they were 9 years old. When they were 11, Meijer was accepted by Erika Waardenburg to study at the Young Talent program of the Utrecht Conservatory. They graduated cum laude from the Utrecht Conservatory in 2003 and obtained a master's degree in music (also cum laude) in 2005 from the Amsterdam Conservatory.
For their master's degree Meijer studied under, among others, Jana Boušková, Isabelle Moretti, Daphne Boden, Natalia Shameyva, Emilia Moskvitina, Maria Graf, Skaila Kanga, and Susann McDonald. They also took a jazz course from the jazz harpist Park Stickney and lessons on interpretation with Theo Olof (violin), Walter van Hauwe (recorder) and Willem Brons (piano).
Besides studying the standard harp repertoire, Meijer also followed masterclasses with musicians practicing other instruments, such as Willem Brons (piano), Anner Bijlsma (cello), Theo Olof (violin), and Ton Koopman (harpsichord).
Activities
Meijer has performed in Europe, Asia, and North America. They have played as a soloist with orchestras, such as the Residentie Orkest, the Radio Symphony Orchestra, the Radio Chamber Orchestra and the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra. They were invited to play during festivals such as the Grachtenfestival Amsterdam, the Schleswig-Holstein Musik Festival and a number of World Harp Congresses. Meijer is also a regular substitute for various orchestras, including the Residentie Orkest and the Koninklijk Concertgebouworkest.
As a featured soloist, Meijer also appeared on several radio programs and TV shows with renowned orchestras. They made their debut in Carnegie Hall, New York City in December 2007, where they were invited to perform an evening harp solo.
Special projects
In 2004 Meijer made a tour through the Netherlands in the series "Het Debuut" together with the Jenufa Quartet. From 2006 to 2008, they performed in the "Rising Stars" series with concerts in Cologne (Philharmonie), Amsterdam (Concertgebouw), Paris (Cité-de-la-Musique), Vienna (Wiener Musikverein), Birmingham (Symphony Hall), Athens (Concert Hall), Brussels (Paleis voor schone kunsten), Luxembourg (Philharmonie), Stockholm (Konserthus), and New York (Carnegie Hall).
A number of composers, inspired by Meijer's talents, wrote new music especially for her: in 2006, Lavinia, together with the Aurelia Saxophone Quartet, performed new transcriptions of Caplet, Debussy and Ravel, but also two world premieres from the Argentinian composer Carlos Michans and the Dutch composer Wijnand van Klaveren, both of which composed music especially for them and the Aurelia Saxophone Quartet. In 2007 Meijer and Tjeerd Top (violin), performed a world premiere from the American composer Garrett Byrnes at the Concertgebouw in Amsterdam. Furthermore, in 2007, they performed another world premiere piece composed by Carlos Michans at the Vredenburg in Utrecht, together with the Radio Chamber Philharmony conducted by Thierry Fischer.
Meijer's broad interests led them also to experiment with jazz, pop music, and modern classics: in 2012, they released an album with works from Philip Glass that they transcribed for harp and which was approved by Glass himself. The album immediately rose to the top of the Dutch rock charts and Meijer often plays these pieces during candle-lit, acoustic concerts.
In 2014, Meijer released "Passaggio", which consisted of pieces by the Italian composer/pianist Ludovico Einaudi and is critically acclaimed everywhere. This marked their first release on a major record label (Sony Classical Records) and the album immediately became number one on the iTunes Classical Charts.
CD recordings
In 2004, Meijer produced a CD album entitled "1685" with works from Handel, Bach and Scarlatti, which features several self-transcribed preludes and fugues from Bach's Das Wohltemperierte Klavier.
In 2008, Meijer released a Super Audio CD album on Channel Classics Records, entitled "Divertissements" with works from French composers, including Carlos Salzedo, André Caplet and Jacques Ibert.
In 2009, Meijer released a Super Audio CD album, produced by Channel Classics Records, entitled "Visions" with works from 20th century composers, including Benjamin Britten, Paul Patterson, Garrett Byrnes, Isang Yun and Toru Takemitsu.
In 2011, Meijer released a Super Audio CD album, produced by Channel Classics Records, entitled, "Fantasies and Impromptus" with works from, among others, Louis Spohr, Gabriel Fauré, Gabriel Pierné, Camille Saint-Saëns.
In 2012, Meijer released a Super Audio CD album, produced by Channel Classics Records, entitled, "Metamorphosis / The Hours" with works from Philip Glass, transcribed for harp by Meijer, and approved by Glass. The album immediately rose to the top of the Dutch rock charts.
In 2014, Meijer released a CD album produced by Sony Classical Records entitled Passagio, consisting of pieces by the Italian composer and pianist Ludovico Einaudi. This album became number one on the iTunes Classical Charts.
In 2015, Meijer released a CD album produced by Sony Classical Records entitled Voyage, with solo pieces of Yann Tiersen, Claude Debussy and Erik Satie. On three tracks, they played together with Amsterdam Sinfonietta on works by Maurice Ravel and Claude Debussy. Later that year, a live CD album produced by Sony Classical Records entitled In Concert was released. Meijer played together with Carel Kraayenhof, a Dutch bandoneon player. The album contained work by Luis Bacalov, Enrique Granados, Carel Kraayenhof, Astor Piazzolla, Anselmo Aieta, Jorge Cardoso, Meijer herself, Pintín Castellanos, Ennio Morricone, and Mariano Mores.
Recent Albums
Prizes and recognition
Meijer has won numerous prizes. They won the first prize at the Prinses Christina Competition (1997), the Stichting Jong Muziek Talent Nederland (1996,1998), the Nederlands Harp Competition (1997, 2004), and the Vriendenkrans contest from the Concertgebouw in Amsterdam (2005).
Meijer also won prizes at several large international harp competitions: the second prize at the International Harp Competition in Lausanne (1998), the third prize at the International Harp Competition in Lille (1999), the first prize at the International Harp Competition in Brussels (2000), the third prize at the International Harp Competition in Israel (2001), the second prize at the Reinl-Wettbewerb in Vienna (2002), and the third prize at the Sixth International USA Harp Competition in America (2004).
Furthermore, Meijer has won prizes for the best interpretation of Visions in Twilight from Garrett Byrnes and the harp concert in B-flat major from Georg Friedrich Händel. In 2005, they were awarded the Cultuurprijs from Ede for their promotion of the harp as a solo instrument. This prize was presented to them by the renowned Herman Krebbers.
In 2007, Meijer was awarded the Fellowship from the Borletti-Buitoni Trust in London, as well as the MeesPierson Award at the Concertgebouw (Amsterdam) together with violinist Tjeerd Top.
In 2009, Meijer was awarded the Dutch Music Prize, the highest distinction for a classical musician in the Netherlands.
In 2012, Meijer received the Edison Award Public's Prize, for their CD "Fantasies and Impromptus".
In 2013, Meijer's "Metamorphosis / The Hours" (Philip Glass) CD was awarded Gold Record and Platinum Record status for classical music in the Netherlands by The Dutch Association of Producers and Importers of image- and sound carriers.
References
External links
Lavinia Meijer website at Sony Classical
1983 births
Living people
Dutch harpists
People from Ede, Netherlands
South Korean adoptees
Dutch people of Korean descent
South Korean emigrants to the Netherlands
Jake Tordesillas (April 17, 1949 – June 30, 2017) was a Filipino screenwriter.
Career
Over the course of their career, which began in 1979, they were nominated for three Gawad Urian Awards for best screenplay in 1989, 1991, and 1995. They and Jose Javier Reyes shared the 1991 Young Critics Circle for best screenplay.
Filmography
Film
Bagets (1984)
Kapag Napagod ang Puso (1988)
Nandito Ako Nagmamahal Sa'Yo (2009)
Television
As creative head
Death
Prior to their death, they were the creative consultant for GMA Network. They also worked for IBC-13 in the 1980s.
They died at the age of 68 on 30 June 2017 due to a heart attack.
References
External links
1940s births
2017 deaths
Burials at the Loyola Memorial Park
Filipino screenwriters
Bernard Mignot (born 3 December 1948) is a former professional tennis player from Belgium.
Biography
Mignot was the first Belgian to win a Grand Prix or ATP title and the only one to do so for over 20-years. They defeated Jiří Hřebec in the final at Düsseldorf in 1974. A year earlier they had countryman Patrick Hombergen were runners-up in the doubles at Valencia, Spain.
They famously made the fourth round of the 1976 French Open, despite entering the draw as a last minute lucky loser. After losing in the final stage of the qualifiers, they had given up getting an opportunity to play in the tournament so spent the second day of the opening round touring Paris and visiting the cinema. When they arrived at Roland Garros, to watch their friends in action, they heard their name called out, "Bernard Mignot Last Call". New Zealand player Brian Fairlie had come down with food poisoning, so Mignot discovered that they were immediately required to go and play Fairlie's opponent, former quarter-finalist Paolo Bertolucci. Although their preparation had consisted of lunch at a pizza restaurant, Mignot was able to win in straight sets. They then beat José Edison Mandarino in a second round match which went to five sets and next faced Juan Gisbert, who had earlier accounted for 12th seed John Newcombe. In another five-set match, Mignot was victorious, to move into the fourth round. During the tournament, France was experiencing a heat wave and Mignot coped better with the conditions, as in both of their matches which went the distance they won the fifth set 6–0. Their run ended with a straight sets loss to eventual semi-finalist Raúl Ramírez.
In Davis Cup competition for Belgium they had wins over Željko Franulović and Tom Okker. They later served as Belgium's Davis Cup captain for many years.
Grand Prix career finals
Singles: 1 (1–0)
Doubles: 1 (0–1)
See also
List of Belgium Davis Cup team representatives
References
External links
1948 births
Living people
Belgian male tennis players
People from Verviers
Sportspeople from Liège Province
Melvin Joseph Queen (March 4, 1918 – April 4, 1982) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. From 1942 through 1952, they played for the New York Yankees and Pittsburgh Pirates. Born in Maxwell, Pennsylvania, they batted and threw right-handed.
In an eight-season career, Queen posted a 27–40 record with 328 strikeouts and a 5.09 ERA in 556 innings pitched. Their best season was in 1951 when they led the National League pitchers with a 6.58 SO/9 (123 SO in 168 IP).
On August 27, 1951, Queen became a notable footnote in baseball history when they were thrown out by two feet at first base by strong-armed Brooklyn Dodger outfielder Carl Furillo after Queen had apparently singled into right field.
Their son, Melvin Douglas Queen, was an MLB outfielder-turned-pitcher who played with the Reds and Angels and also coached and managed for the Toronto Blue Jays.
Queen died in Fort Smith, Arkansas, at the age of 64.
See also
List of second-generation Major League Baseball players
References
External links
1918 births
1982 deaths
Akron Yankees players
Amsterdam Rugmakers players
Augusta Tigers players
Baseball players from Pennsylvania
Binghamton Triplets players
Butler Yankees players
Cincinnati Reds scouts
Dover Orioles players
Hollywood Stars players
Indianapolis Indians players
Kansas City Blues (baseball) players
Major League Baseball pitchers
New York Yankees players
Newark Bears (IL) players
People from Brooke County, West Virginia
Pittsburgh Pirates players
Diekholzen is a village and a municipality in the district of Hildesheim, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is situated approximately 6 km southwest of Hildesheim on the Beuster, a tributary of the Innerste.
History
In 1974, the former villages of Diekholzen, Söhre, Barienrode and Egenstedt were united to form the municipality of Diekholzen. Each village has its own history and various sights. Most of the inhabitants are Roman Catholics. The largest village of the municipality is Diekholzen with an administration building, a school, a hospital, several shops, a supermarket, some restaurants and a hotel. Several times a day, each village of the municipality is accessible from Hildesheim and from Alfeld by bus.
Personalities
Johann Friedrich Ruthe (1788-1859), lecturer, botanist and entomologist; born in the district of Egenstedt
Karl Hoppe (1923-1987), motorcycle racing driver
Gallery
References
Hildesheim (district)
Boulevard Saint-Germain () is a major street in Paris on the Rive Gauche of the Seine.
It curves in a 3.5-kilometre (2.1 miles) arc from the Pont de Sully in the east (the bridge at the edge of Île Saint-Louis) to the Pont de la Concorde (the bridge to the Place de la Concorde) in the west and traverses the 5th, 6th and 7th arrondissements. At its midpoint, the boulevard is traversed by the north-south Boulevard Saint-Michel. The boulevard is most famous for crossing the Saint-Germain-des-Prés quarter from which it derives its name.
History
The Boulevard Saint-Germain was the most important part of Haussmann's renovation of Paris (1850s and '60s) on the Left Bank. The Boulevard replaced numerous small streets which approximated its path, including, from west to east (to the current boulevard Saint-Michel), the Rue Saint-Dominique, Rue Taranne, Rue Sainte-Marguerite, Rue des Boucheries and Rue des Cordeliers. One landmark removed to make way for the project was the prison of the Abbey of Saint-Germain-des-Prés which stood entirely on what is now the Boulevard, just west of what is now the Passage de la Petite Boucherie.
The boulevard derives its name from the church of Saint-Germain-des-Prés which dates back to the Middle Ages. This area around the boulevard is also referred to as the Faubourg ("Suburb") Saint-Germain which developed around the abbey.
In the 17th century, the Saint-Germain quarter became a major site for noble town houses, or hôtels particuliers. This reputation continued throughout the 19th century, where the old aristocracy of the Saint-Germain quarter is frequently contrasted with the new upper bourgeoisie of the Right Bank, having their homes on the Boulevard Saint-Honoré or on the Champs-Élysées (as noted, for example, in the novels of Honoré de Balzac and Marcel Proust).
From 1908 to the outbreak of World War II, number 195 was the headquarters of the Office international d'hygiène publique, ancestor of the WHO.
From the 1930s on, Saint-Germain has been associated with its nightlife, cafés and students (the boulevard traverses the Latin Quarter). Home to a number of famous cafés, such as Les Deux Magots and Café de Flore, the Saint-Germain quarter was the centre of the existentialism movement best associated with Jean-Paul Sartre and Simone de Beauvoir. On 27 March 2000, this was commemorated by the city of Paris which renamed the area in front of the Saint-Germain Church, at the intersection of the Boulevard Saint-Germain and Rue Bonaparte, the Place Jean-Paul Sartre et Simone de Beauvoir.
After the Second World War the Boulevard Saint-Germain became the intellectual and cultural site for Parisian life. Philosophers, authors and musicians filled the night clubs and brasseries that line the boulevard.
The boulevard today is a thriving high-end shopping street with stores from Armani to Rykiel. The cafes continue to be sites for intellectual and political gatherings and the nightlife continues to thrive. Nearby is the Institut d'études politiques ("Sciences Po") and the College des Ingenieurs.
Noted addresses
At 184 Boulevard Saint-Germain is the Société de Géographie, the world's oldest geographical society, founded in 1821 by von Humboldt, Chateaubriand, Dumont d'Urville, Champollion among others. It has had its headquarters here since 1878. The entrance is marked by two gigantic caryatids representing Land and Sea. It was here, in 1879, that the construction of the Panama Canal was decided. Nowadays the building accommodates Ipag - école supérieure de commerce.
Vestiges of former streets
Some vestiges of the streets removed to make way for the Boulevard still remain today. There are still a few sections of original streets, e.g., the current Rue Gozlin, part of the former Rue Sainte-Marguerite, which now consists of a single very short city block between the Place du Quebec (at the Rue Bonaparte) and the Rue des Ciseaux.
As well, parts of original streets have more or less been maintained in their original state, but incorporated into the Boulevard as short narrow sections separated from the main Boulevard by a traffic island. For example, there is the south side of the boulevard at the Place Henri Mondor, south of the Odeon Metro station, which is the former Rue des Cordeliers (later renamed Rue de l'Ecole de Médecine) and an extension of the current Rue de L'Ecole de Médecine, but is now considered as being the Boulevard Saint-Germain. Another example is the south side of the boulevard just east of the Rue des Ciseaux, which extends the current Rue Gozlin, formerly Rue Sainte-Marguerite. The north side of the Rue Gozlin and this short section extending it represent exactly how much further south the abbey extended before the creation of the Boulevard Saint-Germain.
In some sections of the boulevard, a side of the former street was preserved and the buildings are much older than the Haussmannian facades that comprise most of the rest of the buildings on the boulevard. For example, the buildings on the north side of the boulevard between the Rue de Buci and the rue de Seine are the original north side the former Rue des Boucheries (renamed Rue de l'Ecole de Médecine in 1846).
At 175 Boulevard Saint-Germain at the corner of the Rue des Saint-Peres stands a building originally built in 1678 and still bearing the street sign for the Rue Taranne.
References
External links
Saint-Germain
5th arrondissement of Paris
6th arrondissement of Paris
St Oswald's Church in Guiseley, West Yorkshire, England, is an active Anglican parish church in the archdeaconry of Leeds and the Diocese of Leeds.
History
The church dates back to the late-11th or early-12th century with later additions. The church was altered significantly by architect Sir Charles Nicholson in 1909. The church was Grade I listed on 19 September 1962.
The marriage of Patrick Brontë and Maria Branwell took place in the church on 29 December 1812.
Architecture
The church is built of squared sandstone with a graduated slate roof. The church has a west tower and a combined nave and chancel.
See also
Grade I listed buildings in West Yorkshire
List of places of worship in the City of Leeds
Listed buildings in Guiseley and Rawdon
References
External links
Parish of Guiseley with Esholt
A church near you; St Oswald King & Martyr, Guiseley
Further reading
Liz Holt (2007) "The Parish Church of St Oswald, Guiseley - A Brief History and Guide" (Liz North) available from the church
Churches in Leeds
Listed buildings in Leeds
Anglican Diocese of Leeds
Church of England church buildings in West Yorkshire
Grade I listed churches in West Yorkshire
St. Oswald's Church
Visa requirements for Bosnia and Herzegovina citizens are administrative entry restrictions by the authorities of other states placed on citizens of Bosnia and Herzegovina. Bosnia and Herzegovina citizens had visa-free or visa on arrival access to 117 countries and territories, ranking the Bosnia and Herzegovina passport 47th place overall, according to the Henley Passport Index.
In 2016, the Bosnia and Herzegovina passport was declared one of the five passports with the most improved rating since 2006.
Recent
On 3 August 2016 Bosnia and Herzegovina and Morocco signed an agreement to abolish visa requirements for the holders of diplomatic passports for period of 90 days. Belarus introduced 5 days visa-free access to Bosnian citizens from 12 February 2017 if they arrive via Minsk International Airport, later expanded to 30 days. Lesotho introduced an e-Visa system on 1 May 2017 for Bosnian citizens. Qatar introduced an e-Visa system on 23 June 2017 for Bosnian citizens. On 1 January 2018, Japan abolished visa requirements for the holders of Bosnian diplomatic passports for period of 90 days. In March 2018, Colombia abolished visa requirements for Bosnian citizens. A visa-free agreement was signed with China on 28 November 2017 and it entered into force on 29 May 2018. E-visa available for Taiwan starting from 20 November 2019.
Future
In December 2015 it was announced by the Government of Bosnia and Herzegovina that visa requirements for holders of regular biometric passports would be abolished for Argentina, Mexico and Japan while a simplified visa regime would be introduced with the United Kingdom.
Visa requirements map
Visa requirements
Territories and disputed areas
Visa requirements for Bosnia and Herzegovina citizens for visits to various territories, disputed areas and restricted zones:
Diplomatic and official passports only
* – for ordinary passport for 30 days within any 60 day period
** - VOA available
Non-visa restrictions
See also
Visa policy of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Bosnia and Herzegovina passport
References and Notes
References
Notes
Foreign relations of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Yassıören, Kazan is a village in the District of Kazan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kahramankazan District
The North Midlands Cup is an annual rugby union knock-out cup club competition organised by the North Midlands Rugby Football Union and was first contested during the 1971-72 season with the inaugural cup being won by the now defunct Birmingham Police, who beat Evesham at the final held at The Reddings in Birmingham (formerly home of Moseley RFC). It is currently open for clubs ranked in tier 5-6 of the English rugby union system that fall under the North Midlands RFU umbrella, including sides based in Birmingham and the West Midlands, Herefordshire, Shropshire and Worcestershire. Originally the North Midlands Cup was the sole cup competition in the region but in 2001 and 2005, the North Midlands Shield and North Midlands Vase competitions were introduced for lower ranked clubs. A further change in 2014 saw the introduction of a 'Plate' competition for sides eliminated in the early stages of the cup, although it was not played for during the 2018-19 competition.
The current format is as a knock-out cup with a preliminary round, quarter-final, semi-final and final which is held at a neutral venue in March. Due to the disjointed numbers of teams several teams have to play in the preliminary round.
North Midlands Cup winners
Number of wins
Cup
Stourbridge (7)
Dudley Kingswinford (5)
Luctonians (4)
Bromsgrove (3)
Old Dixonians (3)
Hereford (3)
Newport (Salop) (3)
Worcester (3)
Aston Old Edwardians (2)
Birmingham & Solihull (2)
Bournville (2)
Camp Hill (2)
Whitchurch (2)
Birmingham City Police (1)
Bridgnorth (1)
Evesham (1)
Malvern (1)
Old Edwardians (1)
Old Halesonians (1)
Solihull (1)
Plate
Bridgnorth (2)
Bromsgrove (1)
Whitchurch (1)
Notes
See also
North Midlands RFU
North Midlands Shield
North Midlands Vase
English rugby union system
Rugby union in England
References
External links
North Midlands RFU
Recurring sporting events established in 1971
Rugby union cup competitions in England
Alfred Hedge "Brownie" Baker (March 21, 1889 – January 11, 1939) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. They played as a right winger with the Montreal Wanderers of the Canadian-based National Hockey Association for three seasons between 1914 and 1917.
Baker is buried at Malvern Cemetery in Sherbrooke, Quebec.
References
1889 births
1939 deaths
Canadian ice hockey right wingers
Ice hockey people from Quebec
Montreal Wanderers (NHA) players
Sportspeople from Sherbrooke
Gongronema is a genus of plants first described as a genus in 1844. Some of the species are native to Africa, with others in South and Southeast Asia.
Species accepted
formerly included
References
Asclepiadoideae
Apocynaceae genera
Kathleen Ann Cerqua-Richardson is an American physicist and the Pegasus Professor of Optics & Photonics, Materials Science and Engineering at the University of Central Florida.  They are a Fellow of SPIE, the American Ceramic Society and The Optical Society. Them research considers the synthesis and characterisation of novel glasses and ceramic materials.
Early life and education
Richardson was born in Rochester, New York. Them parents were both self-employed, and they were supported by scholarships to attend college. At the time Kodak was based in Rochester, and Richardson grew up thinking that they might work in optics. As a child they took part in a boy scouts explorer club in optics that met every week at Kodak Park. Richardson studied ceramic engineering at New York State College of Ceramics at Alfred University. After earning their bachelor's degree in 1982 they joined the University of Rochester Laboratory for Laser Energetics where they spent four years as an optical engineer. They returned to Alfred University for their graduate studies. Richardson started lecturing at Alfred University immediately after completing their master's degree. They earned their doctorate in 1992, and joined the Naval Air Defence Laboratory in California.
Research and career
When Richardson realised that the Naval Air Defence Laboratory did not have the facilities to support their research work, they moved to the University of Central Florida College of Optics and Photonics. Richardson works on the science of optical glass, and novel materials for gradient refractive index index optics. They moved to Clemson University as Director of Materials Science and Engineering in 2004, before returning to the University of Central Florida in 2012. In 2014 Richardson was made President of the American Ceramic Society.
The citation for their SPIE Maria J. Yzuel Outstanding Educator Award read, “It is important to note that education has been an integral part of Kathleen Richardson's professional career from the beginning, starting with their own PhD time ... They started lecturing at Alfred University immediately after finishing their master's degree and, soon after that, began teaching their short course series for SPIE and other international meetings and summer schools ... Throughout their career they have demonstrated a passion for optics education and has been a leader and role model in that arena,”.
Awards and honours
2008 Elected Fellow of SPIE
2010 Elected Fellow of The Optical Society
2017 European Ceramic Society Sir Richard Brooks International Award
2017 American Ceramic Society George W. Morey award
2017 Rutgers University Malcolm G. McClaren Distinguished Award
2019 American Ceramic Society Arthur L. Friedberg Award
2019 Elected Fellow of the European Ceramic Society
2020 American Ceramic Society Greaves-Walker Award
2020 SPIE Maria J. Yzuel Outstanding Educator Award
Selected publications
Personal life
Richardson is married with two children.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Scientists from Rochester, New York
21st-century American physicists
Fellows of the Optical Society
Fellows of the American Ceramic Society
Fellows of SPIE
New York State College of Ceramics alumni
Alfred University faculty
Women in optics
Jump Super Stars is a 2D crossover fighting game for the Nintendo DS, based on Weekly Shōnen Jump characters. It was developed by Ganbarion and published by Nintendo. The game was released on August 8, 2005, in Japan and accompanied the release of a red Nintendo DS. A sequel, Jump Ultimate Stars, was released in Japan on November 23, 2006.
Gameplay
Jump Super Stars features characters from the Japanese manga magazine Weekly Shōnen Jump. The game supports 2-4 players in multiplayer and features over 75 missions.
Koma (panel) is the term for the characters that the player can use in the game. Each koma uses from 1 to 7 squares of the koma deck at the bottom screen of the Nintendo DS. The deck has 20 squares (4 x 5) for the player to place their koma.
There are three types of koma: help koma, support koma and battle koma.
Help koma are only one square large. They'll boost up or help players in the game, but they will not appear on Battle Screen.
Support koma are two to three squares large. These koma will show up briefly on the battle screen to help the player, generally by attacking, blocking, restoring health, or some other move.
Battle koma are four to seven squares large, and these koma fight throughout each round. These koma represents the characters that the player controls in the battle screen, and the player can switch between characters by tapping their koma in the koma deck like a tag battle.
The player can build and store up to ten koma decks, and each deck must have at least one help koma, one support koma and one battle koma to be valid for use in battle. There are also a set of predefined decks that the player can use, but the player cannot change or delete those. It is also possible to exchange decks between friends, but they won't be able to edit the decks.
Ally boosting is done by placing koma next to each other in the deck maker. If the koma placed next to each other are "compatible", their attributes will go up. Battle characters can get a longer health bar, or increase the maximum number of special attack gauges.
Represented series
This is a list of represented series in Jump Super Stars. Most of the main characters from each series appear as characters within the games. There are 27 series in total.
Black Cat
4 characters (1 Battle, 2 Support, 1 Help)
Eve is a selectable character.
Train Heartnet and Sven Vollfied are support characters.
Bleach
6 characters (1 Battle, 1 Support, 4 Help)
Ichigo Kurosaki is a selectable character.
Rukia Kuchiki is a support character.
Bobobo-bo Bo-bobo
11 characters (2 Battle, 2 Support, 7 Help)
Bobobo-bo Bo-bobo and Don Patch are selectable characters.
Jelly Jiggler and Gasser are support characters.
Buso Renkin
3 characters (1 Battle, 0 Support, 2 Help)
Kazuki Muto is a selectable character.
Death Note
3 characters (0 Battle, 2 Support, 1 Help)
Light Yagami and L are support characters.
D.Gray-man
3 characters (1 Battle, 0 Support, 2 Help)
Allen Walker is a selectable character.
Dragon Ball
15 characters (5 Battle, 1 Support, 9 Help)
Goku, Vegeta, Gohan, Piccolo and Gotenks are selectable characters.
Krillin is a support character.
Dr. Slump
3 characters (2 Battle, 0 Support, 1 Help)
Arale Norimaki and Dr. Mashirito are selectable characters.
Eyeshield 21
7 characters (0 Battle, 3 Support, 4 Help)
Sena Kobayakawa, Yoichi Hiruma and Ryokan Kurita are support characters.
Gin Tama
8 characters (1 Battle, 2 Support, 5 Help)
Gintoki Sakata is a selectable character.
Shinpachi Shimura and Kagura are support characters.
Hunter × Hunter
6 characters (1 Battle, 2 Support, 3 Help)
Gon Freecss is a selectable character.
Killua Zoldyck and Kurapika are support characters.
Hikaru no Go
1 character (0 Battle, 1 Support, 0 Help)
Hikaru Shindo (paired with Sai Fujiwara) is a support character.
JoJo's Bizarre Adventure
2 characters (2 Battle, 0 Support, 0 Help)
Jotaro Kujo (with Star Platinum) and Dio Brando (with The World) are selectable characters.
Kochira Katsushika-ku Kameari Kōen-mae Hashutsujo
7 characters (1 Battle, 3 Support, 3 Help)
Kankichi Ryotsu is a selectable character.
Daijiro Ohara, Keiichi Nakagawa and Reiko Katherine Akimoto are support characters.
Mr. Fullswing
4 characters (0 Battle, 1 Support, 3 Help)
Amakuni Saruno is a support character.
Naruto
12 characters (4 Battle, 4 Support, 4 Help)
Naruto Uzumaki, Sasuke Uchiha, Sakura Haruno and Kakashi Hatake are selectable characters.
Shikamaru Nara, Rock Lee, Neji Hyuga and Hinata Hyuga are support characters.
One Piece
8 characters (5 Battle, 2 Support, 1 Help)
Monkey D. Luffy, Roronoa Zoro, Nami, Sanji and Nico Robin are selectable characters.
Usopp and Tony Tony Chopper are support characters.
Pyu to Fuku! Jaguar
6 characters (1 Battle, 2 Support, 3 Help)
Junichi Jaguar is a selectable character.
Piyohiko and Hammer are support characters.
Reborn!
4 characters (1 Battle, 1 Support, 2 Help)
Tsuna Sawada (paired with Reborn) is a selectable character.
Lambo is a support character.
Rurouni Kenshin
4 characters (1 Battle, 2 Support, 1 Help)
Himura Kenshin is a selectable character.
Sagara Sanosuke and Saitō Hajime are support characters.
Shaman King
7 characters (2 Battle, 1 Support, 4 Help)
Yoh Asakura and Anna Kyoyama are selectable characters.
Hao Asakura is a support character.
Slam Dunk
4 characters (0 Battle, 2 Support, 2 Help)
Hanamichi Sakuragi and Kaede Rukawa are support characters.
Steel Ball Run
2 characters (0 Battle, 1 Support, 1 Help)
Gyro Zeppeli is a support character.
Strawberry 100%
7 character (0 Battle, 4 Support, 3 Help)
Aya Toujou, Tsukasa Nishino, Satsuki Kitaoji and Yui Minamito are support characters.
The Prince of Tennis
9 character (0 Battle, 6 Support, 3 Help)
Ryoma Echizen, Kunimitsu Tezuka, Shusuke Fuji, Eiji Kikumaru (with Shuichiro Oishi), Takeshi Momoshiro and Kaoru Kaido are support characters.
Yu-Gi-Oh!
6 character (1 Battle, 0 Support, 5 Help)
Yugi Mutou is a selectable character.
Yu Yu Hakusho
4 character (1 Battle, 2 Support, 1 Help)
Yusuke Urameshi is a selectable character.
Kurama and Hiei are support characters.
Release
Video game company Tommo had exclusive distribution rights to sell Jump Super Stars (and Jump Ultimate Stars) in North America through retailers such as Best Buy and Fry's Electronics. Many small businesses received minimal stock of these games.
Reception
Metacritic gave it 80/100 based on 10 reviews.
Sales
On its first week of availability, Jump Superstars sold 220,912 copies. It was the 19th best-selling game of 2005 in Japan, selling 464,076 copies.
References
External links
Nintendo's official website
Ganbarion's official website
2005 video games
Bleach (manga) video games
Crossover fighting games
Dragon Ball games
Japan-exclusive video games
JoJo's Bizarre Adventure games
Naruto video games
Nintendo DS games
Nintendo DS-only games
Nintendo franchises
Nintendo games
One Piece games
Platform fighters
Shaman King video games
Shueisha franchises
Video games based on anime and manga
Video games developed in Japan
Weekly Shōnen Jump (video game series)
Yu-Gi-Oh! video games
YuYu Hakusho games
Wiergate is a small unincorporated community in Newton County, Texas, United States, in the far eastern part of the state. It lies approximately northeast of Beaumont near State Highways 63 and 87. Its population today hovers around 450 (recorded as 461 in the 1990 US Census).
Historical development
Along with Bon Wier, it was founded as a company town to service the needs of Wier Longleaf Lumber Company, the last of the major lumber milling operations in East Texas which was founded by Robert Withrow Wier (1873–1945) and family in 1917. At its height in the 1920s and 1930s, it had a population of over 2,500, but with the sale of the lumber mill in 1944, the population slowly declined to its current levels.
References
External links
Unincorporated communities in Newton County, Texas
Unincorporated communities in Texas
Logging communities in the United States
Company towns in Texas
Beth Israel Congregation is a Conservative synagogue located at 265 North Avenue in Washington, Pennsylvania. Founded in 1891, it was the first Jewish congregation in Washington County, Pennsylvania. Its first rabbi, Jacob Goldfarb, served for 50 years.
The congregation constructed its first building in 1902. The current building, at 265 North Avenue, was dedicated in 1955.
, Beth Israel was the only synagogue in Washington County. Its rabbi was David Novitsky.
Early history
Jacob Goldfarb moved to Washington, Pennsylvania in around 1890. The following year, they led the organization of Beth Israel Congregation as an Orthodox synagogue, serving as both its rabbi and cantor. It was Washington County's first Jewish congregation.
By the turn of the 20th century, the Beth Israel had 22 member families, and an annual revenue of $600 (today $). It held services on Friday nights and Saturday mornings, and had round 20 children in its religious school. In 1902, the congregation constructed its first synagogue building, at the corner of Franklin and Spruce. By 1907, membership was 26 families, out of a total Washington Jewish population of around 200 individuals. Annual revenues were $3,000 (today $), and the religious school, which held classes daily, had 25 students. Emmy Award-winning film and television producer and director Bud Yorkin was a member as a youth in the 1920s and 1930s.
Goldfarb retired in 1941, becoming rabbi emeritus. They were succeeded as rabbi the following year by Maxwell Berger, described by Isaac Landman as "son of the chief rabbi of Toronto, Canada". Berger had previously served from 1940 to 1942 as the first permanent full-time rabbi of Beth El Congregation in Beckley, West Virginia.
Events since 1955
The congregation's current building at 265 North Avenue was dedicated in 1955. Designed by Alexander Sharove, it housed "two sanctuaries, classrooms, library, social hall, parlor, gymnasium/auditorium, and two kosher kitchens".
David J. Matzner was rabbi in the 1970s. Born in Wiesbaden, Germany in 1914, they received their rabbinic training first at the Jewish Teachers' Seminary in Duerzburg, then (from 1936 to 1938) at Yeshivat Torat Chayim in Jerusalem, where they were ordained. They returned to Weisbaden, working as sales representative, and was interned in several Nazi concentration camps during the Holocaust. They emigrated to the United States in 1950, serving as rabbi of Mount Sinai Congregation in Wausau, Wisconsin and Sons of Jacob Congregation in Waterloo, Iowa before coming to Beth Israel. They retired in 1978, returning to Israel for two years, before settling in Pompano Beach, Florida, where they died in 1986. A eulogy written by a former Beth Israel member in the Observer-Reporter described them as having "unique aura of sweetness and power".
David C. Novitsky was rabbi in the 2000s. A graduate of Touro Law Center, they were ordained in 1983 by the Rabbi Isaac Elchanan Theological Seminary of Yeshiva University. In addition to serving as a rabbi, they practiced as a litigation attorney for over 14 years, and is an adjunct instructor in the Religious Studies department of Washington & Jefferson College.
, Beth Israel was the only synagogue in Washington County. Its rabbi was David Novitsky.
Notes
References
1891 establishments in Pennsylvania
Conservative synagogues in Pennsylvania
Religious buildings and structures in Washington County, Pennsylvania
Religious organizations established in 1891
Synagogues completed in 1902
Synagogues completed in 1955
Washington, Pennsylvania
Inspector Ganesh Ghote (pronounced "GO-tay") is a fictional police officer who is the main character in H. R. F. Keating's detective novels. Ghote is an inspector in the police force of Bombay (a.k.a. Mumbai), India.
Overview
Ghote first appeared in the novel The Perfect Murder (1964), in which their investigation of the apparent murder of the Parsi, Mr Perfect, was assisted informally by the Swedish UNESCO analyst Axel Svensson. The novel, which Keating wrote without ever having been to India, won a Crime Writers' Association Gold Dagger Award and was adapted into a film in 1988 by Merchant Ivory.
H. R. F. Keating intended Ghote's final appearance to be in the novel Breaking and Entering (2000), in which they were reunited with Axel Svensson as they investigated a series of cat burglaries that ultimately enabled them to solve the high-profile murder that was occupying the rest of their colleagues. Since that time, however, Keating has written Inspector Ghote's First Case (2008) and A Small Case For Inspector Ghote? (2009).
Ghote's father appears in the novel The Murder of the Maharajah (1980). Ghote is married; their wife, Protima, is a beautiful, spirited, and argumentative, though loving, Bengali. They have a son, Ved, invariably referred to in the earlier novels as "little Ved". In most novels, Ghote finds that they have to spend almost as much time fighting the Indian criminal justice system bureaucracy as they do in fighting criminals. They also tend to get little respect from the often rich and powerful people they must investigate in connection with their work, though in the end they typically win the day through sheer doggedness. In these characteristics, they have been compared to the American fictional detective Columbo.
Adaptations
The noted actor Naseeruddin Shah played the role of Ghote in The Perfect Murder. Ghote also appeared in a BBC adaptation of Inspector Ghote Hunts the Peacock, played by Zia Mohyeddin. The same novel was again adapted by the BBC this time as a radio drama starring Sam Dastor.
In May 2020, Endemol Shine India was announced to adapt the novels for Television.
List of books
The Perfect Murder (1964, CWA Gold Dagger Award winner)
Inspector Ghote's Good Crusade (1966)
Inspector Ghote Caught in Meshes (1967)
Inspector Ghote Hunts the Peacock (1968)
Inspector Ghote Plays a Joker (1969)
Inspector Ghote Breaks an Egg (1970)
Inspector Ghote Goes By Train (1971)
Inspector Ghote Trusts the Heart (1972)
Bats Fly Up for Inspector Ghote (1974)
Filmi, Filmi, Inspector Ghote (1976)
Inspector Ghote Draws a Line (1979)
The Murder of the Maharajah (1980, CWA Gold Dagger Award winner)
Go West Inspector Ghote (1981)
The Sheriff of Bombay (1984)
Under a Monsoon Cloud (1986)
The Body in the Billiard Room (1987)
Dead on Time (1988)
The Iciest Sin (1990)
Inspector Ghote, Their Life and Crimes (1989); short story collection
Cheating Death (1992)
Doing Wrong (1993)
Asking Questions (1996)
Bribery, Corruption Also (1999)
Breaking and Entering (2000)
Inspector Ghote's First Case (2008)
A Small Case for Inspector Ghote? (2009)
Notes
External links
Mumbai Police
Ghote, Inspector Ganesh
Mumbai in fiction
Fictional Indian people
Crime novel series
British detective novels
British mystery novels
Novels set in Mumbai
Fictional detectives
Ferhat Dogruel (born 2 August 1980) is a Belgian former professional footballer who played as a defender.
Career
At the age of 16, Dogurel debuted for Patro Eisden in the Belgian second division.
In 1997, they joined the youth academy of German Bundesliga side Schalke 04 amid interest from the Netherlands as well as the most successful Belgian clubs.
In 1998, they signed for Altay in the Turkish top flight before joining Belgian lower league team Sprimont.
In 2007, Dogruel signed for Kırşehirspor in the Turkish third division.
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
Belgian footballers
Sportspeople from Genk
Footballers from Limburg (Belgium)
Belgian people of Turkish descent
Association football defenders
K. Patro Eisden Maasmechelen players
Altay S.K. footballers
K.F.C. Verbroedering Geel players
Kırşehirspor footballers
Tokatspor footballers
Süper Lig players
TFF Second League players
Belgian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
Belgian expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Belgian expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Alex J. Cameron (1937 – February 24, 2003) was an English professor at the University of Dayton and the official pronouncer of the Scripps National Spelling Bee from 1981 to 2002.
Cameron grew up in Dearborn, Michigan, and attended the University of Notre Dame. They taught American literature and the history of the English language at the University of Dayton from 1964 until their death in 2003. In 1978, they began accompanying fellow Dayton professor Richard R. Baker to the National Spelling Bee, where Baker had served as official pronouncer since 1960. After Baker retired, spelling bee officials asked Cameron to take their place. National Spelling Bee director Paige Kimble said that Cameron had "a rich voice" and "could relate genuinely and positively with children of all different backgrounds and demeanors."
In February 2003, Cameron died at age 65 in their Kettering, Ohio home of an apparent heart attack. Jacques Bailly succeeded them as the National Spelling Bee's pronouncer.
References
2003 deaths
University of Notre Dame alumni
University of Dayton faculty
Scripps National Spelling Bee
1937 births
People from Kettering, Ohio
The 2022–23 season is the 131st in the history of Club Brugge KV and their 63rd consecutive season in the top flight. The club will participate in the Belgian First Division A, Belgian Cup, and UEFA Champions League.
Players
Transfers
In
Out
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Overall record
First Division A
League table
Matches
The league fixtures were announced on 22 June 2022.
Belgian Cup
Belgian Super Cup
UEFA Champions League
The draw for the group stage was held on 25 August 2022.
Statistics
Squad appearances and goals
Last updated on 13 September 2022
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center|Goalkeepers
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center|Defenders
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center|Midfielders
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center|Forwards
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center|Players who have made an appearance this season but have left the club
|}
References
Club Brugge KV seasons
Club Brugge
Club Brugge KV
Meri Guriya () is a Pakistani Urdu-language crime drama television series that premiered on June 27, 2018, on ARY Digital. The series is co-produced by Fahad Mustafa and Dr. Ali Kazmi for Big Bang Entertainment. It stars Sania Saeed, Sonya Hussain and Mohsin Abbas Haider.
they series revolves around the social and economic issues of citizens in Pakistani society. Meri Guriya highlights deeply rooted problems in Pakistan, particularly child abuse.
Plot
The show opens with 8-year-old Arifa being sexually abused and murdered, pushing their town into chaos. The story shifts to revolve around Shehnaz, a mother of three daughters, all of whom have been deemed "bad luck" by their paternal grandmother. Due to their financial issues, the youngest daughter, Abida, is not able to attend school and instead goes to a madrasa. This results in Shehnaz and their husband deciding to arrange a rickshaw to ferry the children to school. At the same time, Dabeer, an innocent and sensitive boy, is resisting their arranged marriage to Safeena, a state level badminton player. Although Safeena has told Dabeer to not come close to her, they begin to have feelings for him. Consequently, Dabeer avoids them as much as possible. Safeena and Abida soon become good friends after Abida calls Safeena “dulhan”.
Later in the series, it is revealed that Dabeer has been murdering the young girls of this town and now has their eyes on Abida. One day when returning from school, Abida goes missing.  They are later found in the house of Arifa, taken there by their mentally ill mother. Shehnaz's mother in law forces their son to remarry so that they can have a son. A marriage is soon set between their son, Shaheer, who is around 40 years of age, and a young girl of around 16. The girl had been a victim of sexual abuse. On the day of the wedding, Dabeer cons Jahan Ara, the sister in law of Shehnaz who likes Dabeer, and somehow manages to kidnap Abida. Abida goes missing for two days while the police do nothing to help. Later, Abida is found on a heap of garbage.
Abida's death leaves a great impact on Shehnaz and Safeena, who weep at the news. This ignites a profound desire for vengeance, as they are tired of society perceiving women as weak and unimportant. They make a video that ends up going viral on the internet. They convince more women who have faced similar injustice to make their voices heard. The men of the town, including the police, try to shut the voices of these women by opening fire on Shaheer's and Shehnaz's house. Everyone comes out unscathed, save for Shaheer who suffers minor injuries. During this period, both Shehnaz and Safeena begin to suspect Dabeer's guilt. Following this, the men of the town again attempt to oppress these women by shooting Safeena. The bullet only grazes them
Dabeer's sister Samreen somehow discovers their crimes. Dabeer kidnaps them and leaves them to die in an empty house without food or water. They tell everyone that they have eloped with a random man. Safeena, Shehnaz, and Yawar (Dabeer's brother) come to believe that Dabeer is behind all this. Safeena finds out the truth by showing the girl who had once been a victim of sexual abuse a picture of Dabeer. The girl confirms Dabeer was the one who abused them After this, all the men of the town are forced to have their DNA tested by the police.
Shortly after this, Safeena sees Dabeer going riding their bike and follows them to the abandoned house. Samreen is rescued and Dabeer is arrested. Dabeer is set to stand trial for their crimes, although many people want them to be set free. Sheikh, a prominent member of the town, promises Dabeer's father that he'll hire an expensive lawyer for them in exchange for marriage with Samreen. Dabeer's father agrees, and an esteemed lawyer is set to represent Dabeer. However, even with this lawyer at their defense, Dabeer is found guilty and a law specifying the death by hanging for pedophiles is passed. Safeena files for divorce, but is later kidnapped by the ex-police officer. The drama ends with Dabeer hanged in front of the whole town as they see the faces of the 12 innocent girls they had killed.
Cast
Sania Saeed as Shehnaz
Mohsin Abbas Haider as Dabeer
Sonya Hussain as Safeena
Sajid Hassan as Shameer
Ayesha Khan as Sharifan, Shameer's mother
Mariya Khan as Jahan Ara
Ismat Zaidi as Safeena's mother
Shaista Jabeen as Dabeer's mother
Faris Shafi as Yawar
Ismat Zaidi as Safeena's mother
Tariq Jameel as Safeena's father
Faiza Gillani as Arfa's mother
Ammara Chaudhary as Samreen
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Official Website
2018 Pakistani television series debuts
Pakistani drama television series
Urdu-language television shows
ARY Digital original programming
Matt Lee is an Australian dancer and actor. They have starred in Bootmen, We Will Rock You, Rent, Grease, and Mary Poppins for which they won a Helpmann Award for Best Actor in a Musical. They were a motion capture principal for the Oscar winning film Happy Feet where they brought to life the loveable tap dancing penguin Mumble. They have choreographed for, and worked alongside Paula Abdul, Ricky Martin, Human Nature, Samantha Jade, Hilary Duff and Christine Anu. They were also a judge and choreographer for So You Think You Can Dance.
Lee appeared at the Adelaide Cabaret Festival in June 2014, performing a new show Swing on This together with Ben Mingay, Luke Kennedy, and Michael Falzon. Swing on This is a collection of classic swing songs reworked with a more contemporary style, as well as more recent popular music arranged for an 18-piece big band.
Biography
Lee started dancing at the age of six, and began their professional career at thirteen. "I think I was just very lucky to have found what I really wanted to do for the rest of my life at a young age,"
During their acceptance speech at the 2011 Helpmann Awards, Lee claimed to have always wanted to sing like fellow nominee, Anthony Warlow.
Career
The first international production of The Witches of Eastwick opened in Australia at the Princess Theatre, Melbourne, with Lee as Michael Spofford, and starring comedian Paul McDermott as Darryl van Horne, Marina Prior as Jane, Angela Toohey as Alexandra and Pippa Grandison as Sukie, with Sabrina Batshon as The Little Girl. The show began previews on 19 August 2002. Revisions were made, including new lyrics and the excision of one number, 'Loose Ends'. However, the show never found an audience and closed on 17 November 2002.
Lee was cast in the role of Bert in the first Australian production of Mary Poppins which began previews at Them Majesty's Theatre in Melbourne on 14 July 2010. The show officially opened on 29 July. The cast also included Australian theatre icons Marina Prior as Mrs Banks, Debra Byrne as The Bird Woman, Philip Quast as Mr Banks, Judi Connelli as Miss Andrew, Sally Anne Upton as Mrs Brill, and Christopher Rickerby as Robertson Ay. Verity Hunt-Ballard played Mary Poppins. The Melbourne production closed on 1 April 2011. It was also confirmed that the musical would play in Sydney at the Capitol Theatre starting in April 2011 concluding its run mid December 2011. The musical then went on an Australian tour, playing at the Lyric Theatre in Brisbane until March 2012 and the Burswood Theatre, Perth until June 2012. After a four-month break, the production opened at the Civic Theatre in Auckland, New Zealand, from 18 October until 30 December. An Australian Cast Recording was released on 18 February 2011. Lee reprised the role of Bert for the Mary Poppins 2015-2017 UK and International tour which began on 12 October 2015 at the Leicester Curve and concluded at the Dubai Royal Opera on 26 May 2017.
The Production Company 2013 performance of Singin' in the Rain saw Lee cast as Cosmo Brown opposite Rohan Browne's Don Lockwood, with Alinta Chidzey as Kathy and Christie Whelan-Browne as Lina Lamont. Traditionally for The Production Company, Singin' in the Rain had a short season, running from 21 to 25 August.
Lee performed in the new cabaret act Swing on This at the Adelaide Cabaret Festival on 7 June 2014 with a cast that included Luke Kennedy, Michael Falzon, and Ben Mingay. Festival Artistic Director, and singer in their own right, Kate Ceberano appeared as a special guest. Following Adelaide Cabaret Festival, they performed as the headline act at both the official black tie launch of the refurbished Bunbury Regional Entertainment Centre on 25 July and at the community concert the next evening, again playing to a full house. Notably, Lee performed the classic swing number Mr Bojangles, including a tap routine choreographed by Chris Horsey.
Lee was a judge on the television talent show So You Think You Can Dance along with Jason Coleman and Bonnie Lythgoe.
Lee was a dance adjudicator at the Gold Coast Eisteddfod in August 2019.
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Australian male dancers
Australian choreographers
Australian television personalities
Helpmann Award winners
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Australian male stage actors
Australian male musical theatre actors
Swing on This members
WRUR-FM is a radio station located in the Rochester, New York area and broadcasts at 88.5 FM. Its transmitter is located on Pinnacle Hill in Rochester.
WRUR-FM is the public radio station of the University of Rochester. It partners with WXXI Public Broadcasting Council to provide news and music programming.
Technical history
WRUR began as a low-power AM radio station on 650 kHz in the fall of 1948, broadcasting from the University campus. In 1950, its studios moved from the U of R campus to the Eastman School of Music. Studios moved again in 1955 to the university's Todd Union basement, where most broadcasts originate today. The FCC granted a license in 1965 to WRUR-FM, broadcasting on a frequency of 90.1 MHz using a 10 watt transmitter. In February 1969, power increased to 5,000 watts. Power was reduced and the frequency changed to 88.5 MHz later that year. In February 1970, power increased to 20,000 watts, but interfered with on-campus chemistry experiments, and power was again reduced until 1975 when the chemistry department moved. In 1993, the transmitter location moved to the downtown Hyatt Regency Rochester hotel and power increased to 3,000 watts with a new antenna atop the building. It stayed there until 2007 when the transmitter and antenna was moved to WXXI's tower on Pinnacle Hill as part of the partnership with them, increasing the coverage area. In 2011, WRUR was granted a power increase to 15.1 kilowatts and an increase in antenna height. The Corporation for Public Broadcasting has also awarded WXXI a Digital Conversion Grant, to facilitate converting WRUR to IBOC, as part of the power increase, with a new transmitter and new panel antenna.
Content and management history
For most of its existence, WRUR was staffed and run almost entirely by students with minimal input from University administrators. Content was largely eclectic and free-form, and included shows such as "Jazz in the Morning," the "Folk Lunch," a weekend late-night dance music show called "Club 88," Saturday and Sunday morning classical music shows, and progressive music programming on weekday afternoons. This changed around 2004 when school administrators took a more active role in station management and forged a partnership with WXXI in response to the FCC's crackdown on indecency violations, among other factors. This took most FM programming decisions out of the hands of students. The station today is primarily a AAA-formatted music station, with NPR newsmagazine during the morning and afternoon drive. Open Tunings with Scott Regan is a flagship music program on the station.
The University of Rochester students maintain an active presence in the evening on the FM station during the academic year and a more vibrant online presence under the name The Sting. Additionally, around 2014, the University of Rochester's TV club, URTV, merged into WRUR to form WRUR-TV, a TV station that broadcasts on the university's cable TV system and puts out videos on YouTube.
References
External links
WRUR-FM Website
WRUR online
University of Rochester
RUR-FM
RUR-FM
NPR member stations
Radio stations established in 1948
Mark Proctor (born 23 December 1988 in Stoke-on-Trent) is a British slalom canoeist who competed at the international level from 2004 to 2016.
They won a bronze medal in the C2 team event at the 2015 ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships in London.
References
External links
Mark PROCTOR at CanoeSlalom.net
1993 births
English male canoeists
Living people
Medalists at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships
Bekhterev's Mixture (, MixturaBechtereva) is a medicine with a sedative effect, affecting the central nervous system. The mixture was proposed by famous Russian neurologist Vladimir Bekhterev and subsequently named after him. One of the oldest and most popular medicines of its type, it is used to treat light forms of heart failure, panic disorder, and dystonia. The medicine is known to be well tolerated, with no contra-indications, except bromine sensitivity (may cause rashes).
The formula contains infusion of Adonis vernalis (6 parts in 180), sodium bromide (6g) and codeine phosphate (0.2g).
References
Sedatives
Russian inventions
Harry Albert Craven Griffiths (sometimes Craven-Griffiths; 30 September 1866 – 23 March 1935) was an Australian politician who served as a Country Party member of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1914 to 1921 and from 1924 until their death.
Biography
Griffiths was born in Manchester, England, to Eleanor Alice (née Cooke) and Henry Craven Griffiths. They came to Western Australia in 1897, during the gold rush, and lived in Kalgoorlie until 1907, when they moved to a property at Kellerberrin. Griffiths was involved in the establishment of the Farmers and Settlers' Association in the early 1910s, and at the 1914 state election was elected to parliament as a representative of the Country Party, its political wing. They held the seat of York until the 1921 election, when an irregularity in their nomination meant they were unable to recontest.
At the 1922 Legislative Council election, Griffiths unsuccessfully contested East Province as an "Independent Country" candidate, losing to Vernon Hamersley. They re-entered parliament at the 1924 state election, winning the seat of Avon from the sitting Country member, Tom Harrison. They and Harrison had joined separate factions of the party after its 1923 split. Griffiths was re-elected on three more occasions before their death in office in March 1935 (aged 68). They had been married twice, having four children by their first wife.
References
1866 births
1935 deaths
English emigrants to Australia
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly
National Party of Australia members of the Parliament of Western Australia
Politicians from Manchester
20th-century Australian politicians
Sevgein (; ) is a former municipality in the district of Surselva in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. On 1 January 2014 the former municipalities of Sevgein, Castrisch, Ilanz, Ladir, Luven, Pitasch, Riein, Ruschein, Schnaus, Duvin, Pigniu, Rueun and Siat merged into the new municipality of Ilanz/Glion.
History
Sevgein is first mentioned about 840 as Soviene.
Geography
Before the merger, Sevgein had a total area of . Of this area, 39.6% is used for agricultural purposes, while 51.5% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 5.2% is settled (buildings or roads) and the remainder (3.7%) is non-productive (rivers, glaciers or mountains).
The former municipality is located in the Ilanz sub-district of the Surselva district. It is located on a terrace in the southern Vorderrhein valley. It consists of the village of Sevgein and the settlement of Isla near Ilanz. Until 1943 Sevgein was known by its German name as Seewis im Oberland.
Demographics
Sevgein had a population (as of 2011) of 198. , 1.4% of the population was made up of foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years the population has grown at a rate of 8.5%. Most of the population () speaks Romansh (54.6%), with German being second most common (44.9%) and Portuguese being third ( 0.5%).
, the gender distribution of the population was 52.8% male and 47.2% female. The age distribution, , in Sevgein is; 23 children or 11.1% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 37 teenagers or 17.9% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 33 people or 15.9% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 19 people or 9.2% are between 30 and 39, 23 people or 11.1% are between 40 and 49, and 30 people or 14.5% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 16 people or 7.7% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 18 people or 8.7% are between 70 and 79, there are 5 people or 2.4% who are between 80 and 89, and there are 3 people or 1.4% who are between 90 and 99.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 36.9% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SVP (29.3%), the SP (20.8%) and the FDP (13%).
In Sevgein about 72.1% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a Fachhochschule).
Sevgein has an unemployment rate of 0.31%. , there were 26 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 9 businesses involved in this sector. 6 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 3 businesses in this sector. 10 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 3 businesses in this sector.
The historical population is given in the following table:
References
External links
Ilanz/Glion
Former municipalities of Graubünden
The Seattle & King County Emergency Medical Services System is a fire-based two-tier response system providing prehospital basic and advanced life support services.
There are six paramedic provider programs in the system. The Seattle Fire Department operates Seattle Medic One. The program is funded by the city's general fund and has a different administrative structure than the five other Medic One programs. The five other Medic One programs with the exception of King County Medic One are operated by fire departments under a formal contract with the EMS Division of Public Health - Seattle & King County. King County Medic One is directly operated by the EMS Division.
The modern EMS system in King County began operation in 1970 with 15 paramedics staffing one paramedic unit in Seattle. In 2009, there were 255 paramedics from six paramedic programs staffing 26 paramedic units.
The system is a dynamic layered response system. An EMS response to an emergency begins with a telephone call to 9-1-1. Calls are transferred from a primary call taker to emergency medical call taker who gathers information from the caller, gives instructions to the caller, and determines what types of emergency personnel to send. For very serious and life-threatening emergencies firefighters trained in basic life support and paramedics trained in advanced life support respond simultaneously. Paramedics transport patients in critical condition. For less severe emergencies only firefighters will be dispatched. Basic life support personnel from either a fire department or private ambulance company transport non-critical patients.
History
In 1968, motivated by the work of Frank Pantridge, cardiologist Leonard Cobb proposed to the chief of the Seattle Fire Department, Gordon Vickery, training firefighters to treat cardiac arrest. The department was attractive to Cobb because it already provided first aid and tracked its performance electronically.
In 1969, they trained fifteen firefighters and used a grant from the Washington/Alaska Regional Medical Program to convert a large motor home into a Mobile Coronary Care Unit nicknamed "Moby Pig", which would respond to calls with both the firefighter paramedics and a physician on board.
The first Medic One call was on March 7, 1970. During the program's first year, 31 lives were saved. The following year the program was changed, replacing the on-board doctors with fire department paramedics given advanced special training and remote access to the doctors.
In 1974, the TV news-magazine 60 Minutes profiled the success of Medic One, lauding the high standards of training and education provided by the Seattle training program. Correspondent Morley Safer declared, "If you have to have a heart attack, have it in Seattle". The phrase is still used frequently in conjunction with Medic One, due to its continued success which is reflected in the area's high survival rate for heart attacks and their comprehensive CPR training program.
That same year Medic One incorporated as a privately held, non-profit organization and established the Medic One Foundation, which works on behalf of both fund raising and the expansion of the program. The program is financed by local property tax levies, which are voted on by the public every six years, along with private and corporate donations.
Medic One had saved 655 patients from cardiac arrest by 1976 and this success was gaining national and international attention. Medic One service was expanded into the rest of King County in 1976, and in conjunction with the Medic One Foundation, other counties in Washington State began paramedic programs to serve their communities.
In 1979, Cobb and UW professor Mickey Eisenberg began training fire department emergency medical technician - Basics (EMT-Bs) to perform the administration of defibrillation for patients in cardiac arrest since the EMTs were usually at the patient's side several minutes before the paramedics. Eisenberg began training 9-1-1 dispatchers to provide instructions to lay-persons on how to perform CPR in 1982. With the introduction of automatic external defibrillators (AEDs) in 1984, EMTs were able to defibrillate patients in cardiac arrest even more quickly.
Programs
There are five paramedic programs in the Medic One system.
Seattle Medic One
Seattle Medic One is the paramedic provider program serving Seattle. It is operated by the Seattle Fire Department. The paramedic medical director for Seattle Medic One is Michael Sayre. The Seattle program conducts field internships for the University of Washington Paramedic Training Program.
King County Medic One
King County Medic One is the paramedic service serving all of South King County provided by Public Health - Seattle & King County. Its medical director is Peter Kudenchuk.
Structure
Founded on strong physician leadership Medic One is structured around response, training, and quality improvement.
One of the primary components to the success of Medic One is their “Tiered Response System” which begins with the citizen call to the 9-1-1 center. Emergency Medical Dispatchers are trained to rapidly triage the call to dispatch the appropriate level of assistance, while providing pre-arrival instruction of CPR. Firefighters, with EMT training, respond first to deliver immediate Basic Life Support (BLS), pending the arrival of the paramedics. Specially trained paramedics arrive within minutes to provide Advanced Life Support (ALS) and, if needed, can provide transportation to the nearest appropriate Medical Center.
The system is successful due to the blended cooperation between the fire department and paramedic/ambulance services, as well as, a strict policy of meticulous measurement of system performance and cardiac arrest survival information. Strong leadership and regional programs promote uniformity in medical care and response, regardless of jurisdiction.
Another critical element to the Medic One program is the comprehensive training program for the paramedics, one of the most stringent anywhere, making their paramedics some of the most thoroughly trained in the world. Only paramedics with at least three years of prior firefighter or EMT experience may enter the program. Medic One paramedic receive 2,000 hours of instruction, using both “book” studies and hands on field and clinical application through both the University of Washington and Harborview Medical Center. The national standard for paramedic training is just 1,100 hours. Medic One paramedic will have more than 700 patient contacts during their training, which is three times the national standard. Upon completion of training Medic One paramedic are considered to be an extension of the ER doctors and may perform advanced medical care, open airways and administer a variety of medications.
The final component is an emphasis on community based CPR training, called Medic Two. The Seattle/King County area has the highest per capita number of citizens that are trained in the administration of CPR techniques, approximately 50% of its residents.
Leadership
Medic One is operated as a partnership between physicians and administrators. Medical directors review patient care by paramedics and can make recommendations including decertification and termination. Administrators act upon the recommendations of the medical director.
Response
The major components of Medic One's response system are universal access, dispatcher triage, basic life support services, advanced life support services, and transport to hospitals.
A medical 9-1-1 call is handled by one of the following communication centers Seattle Fire Department Alarm Center, Valley Communications Center, North East King County Regional Public Safety Communication Agency, or Port of Seattle Police Department Communications Center.
Medic One dispatchers use criteria based dispatch guidelines to send the most appropriate care providers. The three response levels are basic with advanced life support units, emergency BLS only, and non-emergency BLS only.
The first tier is basic life support provided by cross-trained firefighter emergency medical technician - basics.
The second tier is advanced life support.
Basic life support transports for 9-1-1 calls are provided by either a fire department or one of the private ambulance companies American Medical Response and Tri-Med Ambulance. Advanced life support transports for 9-1-1 calls are provided by paramedics.
Education
All paramedics in King County are graduates of the University of Washington Paramedic Training Program regardless of previous training. The training is 1,866 total hours consisting of 380 lecture hours, 120 lab hours, 466 clinical hours in the operating room and emergency department at Harborview Medical Center and critical care unit and labor and delivery at Seattle Children's Hospital, and 900 field internship hours with Seattle Medic One. Students see an average of 700 patient contacts.
Improvement
The paramedic medical director for the one of six Medic One programs that provided care reviews every resuscitation, intubation, and central-line placement attempt. That director provides both positive and negative feedback. For probationary paramedics a more rigorous review is conducted.
Funding
Medic One paramedic programs are funded by a property tax levy. Basic life support services receive partial funding from the levy. The levy passed in 1979, 1985, 1991, 1998, 2001, and 2008. The levy did not pass in 1997.
The Medic One Foundation is a nonprofit charitable foundation supporting paramedic training, research, medical oversight and quality review, and the purchasing of emergency medical equipment.
Performance
Cardiac arrest
A change in the protocol of emergency response personnel is also credited as contributing to the high survival rate in the region. Guidelines set by the American Heart Association in 2000, recommend repeated shocks from a defibrillator and to check for a pulse prior to starting CPR. Medic One guideline, established in 2005, are to provide a single shock from a defibrillator followed immediately by two minutes of CPR, beginning with chest compressions. This has dropped the average time between first shock to starting CPR from twenty-eight seconds to seven seconds, resulting in a near 50% increase in the previous rate of survival. For every one hundred cardiac arrest calls, now an additional thirteen patients will live.
In King County outcomes of attempted out-of-hospital resuscitations are recorded, following the Utstein uniform reporting guidelines, in a cardiac arrest registry. In 2008 Medic One's survival rate for witnessed cardiac arrests due to heart disease prior to EMS arrival with initial rhythm of ventricular fibrillation or ventricular tachycardia was 49%.
The average response time for basic life support personnel for cardiac arrests from time of 9-1-1 being dialed to arrival is 4 minutes 40 seconds and for advanced life support personnel is 9 minutes 45 seconds.
In 2008, 58% (530/920) of EMS-treated cardiac arrests not witnessed by EMS in Seattle & King County CPR was initiated by a bystander.
Endotracheal intubation
Seattle Medic One's first-pass success rate for oral endotracheal intubation is 75% (years 2001–2005). Its overall success rate is 98.4%.
Research
Cardiac Arrest Blood Study (CABS)
AutoPulse Assisted Prehospital International Resuscitation (ASPIRE) Trial
Transthoracic Incremental Monophasic Versus Biphasic by Emergency Responders (TIMBER)
Dispatcher-Assisted Resuscitation Trial (DART)
Emergency Medical Technician Treatment of Hypoglycemia in the Field
Induced Hypothermia for Cardiac Arrest Patients
Resuscitation Outcomes Consortium
SPHERE Hypertension Intervention Study
At-Home Automated External Defibrillator (AED) Training Study
Footnotes
References
USA Today: Six Minutes to Live or Die
Seattle Medic One
King County Medic One
Medic One Foundation
Medic One 40th Anniversary: Seattle Channel
Public Health - Seattle & King County EMS Division's 2009 EMS Annual Report
Public Health - Seattle & King County EMS Division's 2008 EMS Annual Report
Public Health - Seattle & King County EMS Division's 2007 EMS Annual Report
Public Health - Seattle & King County EMS Division's 2006 EMS Annual Report
Public Health - Seattle & King County EMS Division's 2005 EMS Annual Report
Public Health - Seattle & King County EMS Division's 2004 EMS Annual Report
Public Health - Seattle & King County EMS Division's 2003 EMS Annual Report
Seattle Fire Department Annual Report 2017
Medic One/EMS 2014-2019 Strategic Plan - King County
2008-2013 Medic One/Emergency Medical Services Strategic Plan
2002 Strategic Plan Update of the 1998-2003 Emergency Medical Services Strategic Plan
South King County Medic One Feasibility Study, 2004
Emergency Medical Services
Ambulance services in the United States
Medical and health organizations based in Washington (state)
Emergency services in Washington (state)
Paracharnia is a reassessed genus of a fossil reported by Ding and Chen (1981). It is the first Ediacaran metazoan fossilized remains found in China, taken from the Shibantan Member, Dengying Formation, Sinian System in the Eastern Yangtze Gorge, Hubei Province. It was initially classified as Charnia dengyingensis, but Sun Weiguo in 1986, comparing this to findings from Charnwood in England and the Ediacara assemblage of South Australia, identified it as a new genus. Paracharnia is a pennatulid within the taxon of Rangeomorpha. It is closely associated with macroscopic algal remains of Vendotaenia and dense Cambrian shelly fossil deposits, suggesting its paleontological relevance.
The original fossil extraction from Ding and Chen (1981) is notable for its distinction from the original Charnia from Ford (1958) due to the arrangement of each of its polyp leaves and the length of the penduncle. Each polyp leaf in the 1981 recovery is smaller and farther out on the stem. With the addition of Paracharnia there will be ten genera in the Rangeomorph taxon.
References
Charniidae
Fossils of China
Palazobası, Şereflikoçhisar is a village in the District of Şereflikoçhisar, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Şereflikoçhisar District
The Coop Creek Bridge is a historic bridge in Sebastian County, Arkansas, just outside the city of Mansfield. It carries Broadway, designated County Route 62, across Coop Creek just north of Mansfield Lake. It is a two-span open masonry structure, with one span of and one of , with a total structure length of . The bridge is set on masonry abutments and piers, with a reinforced concrete deck that is lined by simple concrete railings. It is a well-preserved example of a masonry bridge built in 1940.
The bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Sebastian County, Arkansas
List of bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas
References
Road bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas
Bridges completed in 1940
Transportation in Sebastian County, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places in Sebastian County, Arkansas
Brick bridges in the United States
1940 establishments in Arkansas
Works Progress Administration in Arkansas
Gould's toucanet (Selenidera gouldii) is a species of bird in the family Ramphastidae. It is found in the south-eastern part of the Amazon rainforest, with a disjunct population in Serra de Baturité in the Brazilian state of Ceará. Except for the bill-pattern, it resembles the spot-billed toucanet, and the two have been considered conspecific in the past. It weighs 131–209 grams (4.6–7.4 oz.)
The common name commemorates the English ornithologist and bird artist John Gould (1804–1881). Gould's toucanet was originally described in the genus Pteroglossus.
References
Gould's toucanet
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Gould's toucanet
Gould's toucanet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Back 2 Back Palz is the third studio album by Leslie Hall, released on January 12, 2010. by Hefty Hideaway. The group toured the US in 2010 to promote the album, with Christopher the Conquered serving as the opening act.
The album includes the single “Tight Pants/Body Rolls,” which has become a viral hit over 23.4 million views on YouTube. Other singles “Craft Talk” and “Gravel In My Shoe” were also released to promote the album, though they generated less success. The three videos have generated a combined total of 23.4 million views. The album also contains an acoustic version of “Blame the Booty,” from their previous album, “ceWEBrity.”
Composition
When writing Back2Back Palz, Hall stated that they aimed for an album that “goes down a different path.” The result was an album that has a diverse musical composition, consisting of pop, country, folk, dance, hip hop, rock, dance-pop, and electronic. The opening track, “Craft Talk” is an electro song about craft people. The music video was released on March 3, 2009. The second song is “Tight Pants/Body Rolls,” a technopop song about forest people wearing tight pants. The song became a viral hit, generating over 11 million views. Songs such as “Sew What,” “Braid My Hair,” “Churn The Butter,” “Dust Lover,” “Chop Chop Chop,” are heavily influenced by country and bluegrass. “Gravel In My Shoe” is a dry country rock song about a broken relationship and the protagonist breaking up with them. “Cat Dancer” is a worldbeat song, taking inspiration using sitars mainly in its composition. The closing track, “Water Water Water-World” is a technopop and electronic song that heavily uses vocal processing effects during the song. All of the songs were composed using the Apple program GarageBand.
Promotion
Singles and music videos
“Craft Talk” was released as the lead single from Back 2 Back Palz on March 3, 2009. The music video for "Craft Talk" reaching 619,000 views as of 2016.
“Tight Pants/Body Rolls” premiered on January 17, 2009 at a show in Ames, and was released on January 12, 2010 as the second single on the album. Its reception was polarized, it was described as “terrifying, but catchy” and “second to none.” The song has become a viral hit and since accumulated 23.4 million views.
“Gravel In My Shoe” was released as the third and final single on February 1, 2010, the same day "Tight Pants/Body Rolls" was uploaded to YouTube. It has attained nearly 183,000 views as of October 2016. Outside of this YouTube success, the songs have failed to chart in any territory. An additional music video for "Blame the Booty" was released on August 24, 2009. It has accumulated 539,300 views as of 2016.
Tour
Starting in February 2010, Leslie & The LY's embarked on a US tour to promote the album. Christopher the Conquered served as the opening act.
Critical reception
Cdbaby.com gave the album a brief review, stating, "Well. Leslie has now written a country craft album. The CD starts with the dance hits but moves to a lonely-folk child. Who's Iowa isolation has lead [sic] to lots of yearning and zero burning. Mostly about loves lost and loves desired." They finished their review by describing the CD as "bizarre."
Track listing
Release history
References
2010 albums
Leslie Hall albums
Laura Berlin (born 13 March 1990) is a German actor and model.  They are known for their role as Emma of Normandy in the Netflix original series Vikings: Valhalla, which premiered in 2022.
Career
At the age of 15, Laura Berlin was discovered by a model agency and became a model. Two years later they joined VIVA Models and took part to fashion shows for Boss, Balenciaga, Michalsky, and Fornarina. Meanwhile, they worked for IMG Models and was regularly invited to Paris and Milan. At the age of 17, they were featured on the front page of the Italian edition of Elle. They went on to be featured in other fashion magazines. Since their graduation in 2009, they have worked full-time as a model and has been signed with several famous model agencies from around the world.
After they gained their initial acting experience from school theatre and private acting lessons, they made their first television appearance at the age of 19 as the main character in Thomas Freundner's fairytale film Schneewittchen (ARD) alongside well-known actors like Sonja Kirchberger, Jaecki Schwarz, Martin Brambach, and Jörg Schüttauf. Collaboration with acting management agencies led to further film projects. Berlin appeared in several advertising spots of well-known brands as well as in a music video of the rock band Oomph!. They took the role of Charlotte Montrose in the films Ruby Red (2013), Saphirblau (2014) and Smaragdgrün (2016) inspired by Kerstin Gier's book series Ruby Red Trilogy. In 2016, they played the main role in the music video of Prinz Pi's song . Moreover, they played the role of a bewildered ghost girl as a guest star in the series Binny and the Ghost.
Since December 2016, they have appeared as Jenny Hülshoff in the Internet series published on YouTube.
Most recently, they star as the unshakeable leader, Queen Emma in the new series "Vikings: Valhalla" directed by Jeb Stuart, airing on Netflix.
Filmography
Film
Television
Web
Music videos
References
External links
Laura Berlin at filmportal.de
Laura Berlin profile page, acting agency Spielkind
Laura Berlin's official website
Living people
1990 births
21st-century German actores
Actresses from Berlin
German film actores
German television actores
Models from Berlin
This is a detailed table of the National Register of Historic Places listing in Major County, Oklahoma.
This is intended to be a detailed table of the property on the National Register of Historic Places in Major County, Oklahoma, United States. Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for this property; they may be seen in a map.
There are 3 properties listed on the National Register in the county.
Current listing
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places listings in Oklahoma
References
Major County
Tomasz Nowak can refer to:
Tomasz Piotr Nowak (born 1956), a Polish politician
Tomasz Nowak (boxer) (1960-2013), a Polish boxer
Tomasz Nowak (footballer) (born 1985), a Polish footballer
The 1885 general election in Ireland was the first election following the Representation of the People Act 1884 and the Redistribution of Seats Act 1885, which redrew the Irish electoral landscape.
The election saw the Irish Parliamentary Party secure their place as the dominant party in Irish politics, winning the vast majority of available seats. In comparison, the Liberals were wiped out in Ireland, whilst the Conservatives were reduced to 16 seats.
The election also saw the emergence of the Irish Loyal and Patriotic Union; one of the forerunners of the later Irish Unionist Alliance. The IPLU sought to maximise the number of candidates elected from unionist parties in the three southern Irish provinces. In doing this the party would support individual candidates in various constituencies, and encourage Irish unionists to vote for these candidates, instead of splitting their vote between the various parties. Despite the IPLU's attempts, no southern Unionists were elected.
The election also saw a similarly named Loyal Irish Union, which campaigned alongside Irish Conservatives. Unlike the ILPU, which prioritised Unionism over party politics, the Loyal Irish Union prioritised opposition to the Liberals over forming any kind of bi-partisan Unionist alliance.
Changes to the Irish Electorate
The Irish electorate in 1885 was radically different to that in 1880. The Representation of the People Act 1884 equalised the county and borough franchises and made all householders and lodgers in the counties eligible to vote, thereby bringing Irish electoral law into line with that in Great Britain. The result of this reform was massive, and saw the Irish electorate more than triple, increasing from 229,204 in 1880 to 737,965 in 1885. In spite of this, however, the Irish electorate was still comparatively smaller than the electorates of the other nations of the United Kingdom; whilst 2 in 3 adults males had the vote in England and Wales, or 3 in 5 in Scotland, in Ireland only 1 in 2 adult males could vote.
Results
Not included in the totals are the two Dublin University seats, which were uncontested and were retained by the Conservatives.
See also
History of Ireland (1801–1923)
References
1885
Ireland
1885 elections in Ireland
Jean-Pierre Lihau Ebua Kalokola Monga Libana, better known as Jean-Pierre Lihau (born 20 January 1975 in Kinshasa) is a DR Congo politician from the People's Party for Reconstruction and Democracy currently serving as Minister of the Civil Service, Administrative Modernization and Innovation in Public Services in the Lukonde cabinet.
They claimed to be the illegitimate son of the country's first president Marcel Lihau.
References
1975 births
Living people
People from Kinshasa
21st-century Democratic Republic of the Congo politicians
Government ministers of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Members of the National Assembly (Democratic Republic of the Congo)
Daiyu Eight Co Ltd (株式会社ダイユーエイト) is a Japanese company that operates home-improvement stores carrying items such as furniture, gardening tools, etc, as well as a chain of office supply stores. These stores are mainly located in the prefectures of Fukushima, Miyagi, and Yamagata. The current president and representative director of the company is Shunichi Asakura.
History
1976 - Established as Asakura Inc. (アサクラ設立) in Fukushima City.
1976 - Opened first store, "Daiyu Eight Fukushima" (ダイユー８福島店), in Fukushima City.
1977 - Changed name from Asakura Inc. to Daiyu Eight (ダイユーエイト).
1991 - Moved headquarters and named the new building the "main office / distribution center (Fukushima distribution center)" (本部・流通センター（福島流通センター）).
1996 - Opened the company's first office supplies store "Office Eight South Fukushima" (オフィスエイト南福島店) in Fukushima City.
2000 - Registered with the Japan Securities Dealers Association (日本証券業協会).
2001 - Established a second distribution center, "Kaminagura Distribution Center" (上名倉流通センター) in Fukushima City.
2002 - Established what would become the flagship store, "Daiyu Eight Fukushima Kuroiwa" (ダイユーエイト福島黒岩店) in Fukushima City.
2003 - Established a large shopping center, "Eight Town Motomiya" (エイトタウン本宮) in Motomiya City, Fukushima Prefecture.
2006 - Listed in the second section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
2007 - Listed in the first section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
2008 - In an effort to optimize distribution and decrease costs, the center of distribution was moved to the "Tenei Fukushima Distribution Center," in Tenei, Fukushima Prefecture.
2010 - Established "Daiyu Eight MAX Fukushima" (ダイユーエイトＭＡＸ福島店) in Fukushima City.
2011 - Established "One's Cycle South Fukushima" (ワンズサイクル南福島店), the company's first bicycle specialty shop, in Fukushima City.
2012 - Opened first shop in Akita Prefecture, "Daiyu Eight Akita Katagami" (ダイユーエイト秋田潟上店) in Katagami City.
2013 - Opened first shop in Iwate Prefecture, "Daiyu Eight Iwate Mizusawa" (ダイユーエイト岩手水沢店) in Ōshū City.
2016 - Daiyu Eight and LIC Co. merged, creating Daiyu LIC Holdings Co., Ltd.
2018 - Established stores in Sakura City, Tochigi Prefecture., in Nasushiobara City, Tochigi Prefecture. and Kitakata City, Fukushima Prefecture.
2019 - Established store Minamisōma City, Fukushima Prefecture.
2019 - Moved and expanded "Daiyu Eight Yashimada." Established new flagship store "Daiyu Eight West Fukushima" (ダイユーエイト福島西店) in Minamisawamata, Fukushima City.
In January 2016, the company announced that it would resume business at its former location in Tomioka, Fukushima, a town heavily impacted by the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami. Initially, the goal was to reopen in April of the following year. In June 2016, the company aimed to reopen in November 2017 ahead of the town's scheduled repatriation in April. However, according to the company's website, the site remains closed.
Daiyu Eight locations in Iwaki and Asakawa were also flooded during the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami. In October, 2019, the company announced plans to reopen these stores; Asakawa in November 2019 and Iwaki in December 2019.
On May 12, 2020, President Asakura led the opening ceremony of an internet-based product distribution center in Kuroiwa, Fukushima City. The warehouse is said to be about ten times larger than previous locations. The number of staff was also increased, from twenty to thirty personnel. In response to the coronavirus pandemic, President Asakura expressed that they would like to expand the company's online functions.
The company expanded its "One Cycle" franchise in 2020 with the establishment of "One's Cycle Fukushima Moriai" (ワンズサイクル福島森合店) in Fukushima City.
In 2021, Daiyu Eight Co Ltd opened three more stores; "Office Eight Yamagata Hakusan" (オフィスエイト山形白店) in Yamagata City, Yamagata Prefecture; "One's Cycle Fukushima Kamata" (ワンズサイクル福島鎌田店) in Fukushima City; "Daiyu Eight Iwaki Yumoto" (ダイユーエイトいわき湯本店) in Iwaki City, Fukushima Prefecture.
Project Promoting Women in the Workplace
As of January 2016, the company operated 100 store locations and employed over 2,000 people, including both full-time and part-time workers. While the number of full-time employees who were male was notably higher than those who were female, only 9% of part-time workers were women, and only six women had been promoted to the position of shop manager.
To better understand these numbers, and with the stated goal of creating a workplace where all employees are enthusiastic about their work and are able to fully demonstrate their abilities, the company launched a project promoting women in the workplace (女性活躍推進プロジェクト) in September 2015. A survey was distributed to employees that included questions concerning individuals' satisfaction with their professional duties, hopes for the future, and what would be necessary for them to continue their work after marriage and childbirth, referencing the Japanese tradition of women becoming housewives. Most women surveyed stated that they would prefer to maintain their current roles within the company, forgoing promotion in order to focus on household affairs. Daiyu Eight's policy stipulates that employees will be considered for promotion to management positions after ten years with the company. However, this timing overlaps with the age at which many female employees get married and begin having children. The rate at which women retired from Daiyu Eight after about ten years of employment was even higher than the industry average.
References
Japanese companies established in 1976
Home improvement companies
Strachowice may refer to the following places in Poland:
Strachowice, Legnica County in Gmina Legnickie Pole, Legnica County in Lower Silesian Voivodeship (SW Poland)
Strachowice, Wrocław osiedle in Wrocław
Wrocław-Strachowice Airport, another name for Wrocław–Copernicus Airport
was a city located in Saitama Prefecture, Japan.
On May 1, 2001, Yono was merged with the cities of Urawa and Ōmiya to create the city of Saitama.
Since April 1, 2003, the area of former Yono City is only consisted of Chūō-ku of Saitama City.
History
Modern Yono
On April 1, 1889, the town of Yono was founded.
On July 15, 1958, Yono became a city. The city existed between cities of Urawa and Ōmiya.
Saitama city era
On May 1, 2001, Yono was merged with the cities Urawa and Ōmiya to create the new capital city of Saitama.
On April 1, 2003, when Saitama became a designated city, the former area of Yono city became known as Chūō-ku, along with small parts of former Urawa and Ōmiya cities.
Things of Interest
(Saitama New Urban Center's west of Utsunomiya Line.) Also, this is the birthplace of Eiji Kawashima, Kawasaki Frontale's former goalkeeper that is now playing for Racing Club Strasbourg.
External links
Internet archive of Yono's website
Dissolved municipalities of Saitama Prefecture
Saitama (city)
Robert and Bertram () is a 1961 West German comedy film directed by Hans Deppe and starring Willy Millowitsch, Vico Torriani and Trude Herr. It was inspired by the characters in Gustav Raeder's 1856 play Robert and Bertram, update to the modern era. Two vagabonds, Robert and Bertram, are hired by a shoe company to walk 500 kilometres to test their new product.
It was shot at the Spandau Studios in Berlin and on location in the Bavarian town of Eichstätt. The film's sets were designed by the art directors Paul Markwitz and Wilhelm Vorwerg.
Cast
Willy Millowitsch as Robert Ziegel
Vico Torriani as Bertram Weiler
Trude Herr as Klara Ziegel
Marlies Behrens as Yvonne Berger
Helen Vita as Mieze Frühling
Erwin Strahl as Franco
Hubert von Meyerinck as Detective Commissioner Wolf
Ralf Wolter as Toni Knauer
Margarete Haagen as old lady in the car
Arno Paulsen as Direktor Malina
Kurt Pratsch-Kaufmann as police officer
Erich Fiedler as Dr. Abendroth
Kurt Waitzmann as Dr. Sommerfeld
Johanna König as Fräulein Sellner
Franz Schneider as Kegelbruder Franz
Josef Tilgen as Kegelbruder Hans
Egon Vogel as Kegelbruder Willi
Lotti Krekel as Dagmar, hitchhiker
Anja Brüning as Gisela, hitchhiker
References
External links
West German films
1961 comedy films
German comedy films
Films directed by Hans Deppe
German films based on plays
Remakes of German films
Films shot at Spandau Studios
1960s German-language films
1960s German films
José Alarcón is the name of:
José Alarcón (athlete), Chilean athlete
José Alarcón (cyclist) (born 1988), Venezuelan cyclist
José Alarcón (footballer) (born 2005), Venezuelan footballer
José Alarcón (politician) (1878–1940), Spanish politician
José Alarcón Hernández (born 1945), Mexican politician
The 2020 United States presidential election in Ohio was held on Tuesday, November 3, 2020, as part of the 2020 United States presidential election in which all 50 states plus the District of Columbia participated. Ohio voters chose electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote, pitting the Republican Party's nominee—incumbent President Donald Trump and their running mate, Vice President Mike Pence—against the Democratic Party nominee, former Vice President Joe Biden and their running mate, California Senator Kamala Harris. Ohio had 18 electoral votes in the Electoral College.
Trump won Ohio with 53.27% of the vote, while Biden received 45.24% of the vote, a margin of 8.03%. Trump won by nearly the same margin that they defeated Hillary Clinton by in 2016. This marked the first time that Ohio voted for the losing candidate since Richard Nixon in 1960, and also the second consecutive election in which the state voted over 10 points to the right of the nation as a whole, confirming the state's trend towards the Republicans. Biden became the first Democrat since FDR in 1932 to win the White House without carrying the heavily unionized carmaking counties of Mahoning and Trumbull, the first Democrat since Harry Truman in 1948 to win the White House without carrying Lorain County, and the first Democrat since JFK in 1960 to win the White House without Ashtabula and Ottawa Counties. This is the first time since 1976 in which Ohio voted to the right of Texas - a state that last voted Democratic that year, while Ohio had backed Barack Obama in both of their elections. Also, this is the first time since 1892 that an incumbent president carried the state while losing reelection nationally.
Primary elections
The primary elections were originally scheduled for March 17, 2020. However, on March 16, Ohio governor Mike DeWine recommended moving the primaries to June amid concerns over the COVID-19 pandemic. As the governor does not have the power to unilaterally make this decision, they went to court to request the delay. However, a judge rejected the lawsuit. Later in the day, the state's Health Director ordered the polls closed as a health emergency. On March 17, the Ohio Supreme Court allowed the primaries to be postponed to June 2. Then on March 25, in-person voting was canceled, and the deadline for mail-in voting was moved back to April 28.
Republican primary
Incumbent President Donald Trump ran unopposed in the Republican primary, and thus received all of Ohio's 82 delegates to the 2020 Republican National Convention.
Democratic primary
Libertarian caucus
Online voting took place from March 16 to April 11, with 192 participants. The primary was tabulated using instant runoff voting. Percentages shown are percentage of ballots cast.
General election
Final predictions
Polling
Graphical summary
Aggregate polls
June 1, 2020 – October 31, 2020
January 1, 2020 – May 31, 2020
January 1, 2018 – December 31, 2019
Donald Trump vs. Cory Booker
Donald Trump vs. Pete Buttigieg
Donald Trump vs. Kamala Harris
Donald Trump vs. Bernie Sanders
Donald Trump vs. Elizabeth Warren
with Donald Trump and Sherrod Brown
with Mike Pence and Joe Biden
with Mike Pence and Bernie Sanders
with Mike Pence and Elizabeth Warren
with Donald Trump and Generic Democrat
with John Kasich and Generic Democrat
Results
By county
Counties that flipped from Democratic to Republican
Lorain (the largest municipality: Lorain)
Mahoning (the largest municipality: Youngstown)
Counties that flipped from Republican to Democratic
Montgomery (the largest municipality: Dayton)
By congressional district
Trump won 12 out of the 16 congressional districts in Ohio.
Analysis
Ohio, a Midwestern U.S. state, has been considered one of the most competitive states in said region in the early 21st century. For example, it was a vital tipping-point state in the heavily contested 2004 election, and its projection in 2012 put Barack Obama over the top in the Electoral College. After Trump won Ohio in 2016 by an unexpectedly large margin of 8 points, it was initially considered out of reach for Democrats. However, Democrats contested it after polling pointed to a possibly close result in 2020.
From 1964 through 2016, the Buckeye State had been a reliable bellwether, voting for the winner of every presidential election. In 2016, however, it voted over ten points to the right of the nation as a whole, indicating that it might be on the cusp of losing its bellwether status. And, indeed, in 2020, Ohio backed the losing nominee for the first time since it backed Richard Nixon in 1960, and, in doing so, voted over ten points to the right of the nation overall for the second time in a row, giving Trump a comfortable eight-point margin even as they lost nationally. This indicated that Ohio is likely following a similar path to that of Missouri, another former bellwether state in the Midwest that has more recently become reliably red. (Missouri voted for the winning candidate in every election from 1960 to 2004. Then, in 2008, it narrowly backed Republican John McCain despite the fact that they lost the election by a wide margin nationally, and in every election since it has voted Republican by a comfortable margin.) In this election, Ohio weighed in at 12.5% more Republican than the nation as a whole, even voting more Republican than Texas, a Southern state that has been a GOP stronghold for four decades.
While Biden outperformed Hillary Clinton in the Midwest at large, Trump managed to flip two Ohio counties Republican: Lorain, a suburban county of Cleveland, and Mahoning, anchored by the car-making town of Youngstown. Trump became the first Republican presidential candidate to win Lorain County since Ronald Reagan in 1984, and the first to win Mahoning County since Richard Nixon in 1972. Biden became the first Democrat since FDR in 1932 to win the White House without carrying Mahoning County and Trumbull County, and the first Democrat since Harry Truman in 1948 to win the White House without carrying Lorain County. On the other hand, Biden won back Montgomery County, home to Dayton, a county which Trump had flipped in 2016. They also came within 7 points of flipping suburban Delaware County in the Columbus area, the closest a Democrat has come to flipping it since 1964.
Biden's results were an all time-best for Democrats in two counties - Franklin, home to the state capital of Columbus, where they received 64.68% of the vote and beat Trump by 31 points, and Hamilton, home to Cincinnati, where they received 57.15% of the vote and beat Trump by 16 points—even greater than Franklin D. Roosevelt's and Lyndon B. Johnson's landslides. Biden's Delaware County result of 45.69% was a 56-year best, and in Warren County of suburban Cincinnati, their result was a 44-year best. They also outperformed Obama's 2012 results in Butler (Cincinnati suburbs) and Greene (Dayton suburbs) counties.
However, in all other counties, Biden underperformed Barack Obama's 2008 and 2012 results and occasionally also John Kerry's 2004 results. For example, in Athens County, home to Ohio University, which has been one of the Democrats' strongest counties that Obama won by 35 points in both 2008 and 2012, Biden improved Clinton's result by 1.5 percent, but Trump reduced their 2016 losing margin from 17 points to 15 points and managed to win 40% of the county's vote, the first Republican to do so since George H. W. Bush in 1988. Biden underperformed Clinton in the Northeast and Lake Erie area, also in the most populous counties - in addition to losing Mahoning and Lorain counties, although in Cuyahoga County, home to Cleveland, they improved Clinton's 2016 result by 1 point, their 34-point winning margin was one point worse than Clinton's, six points down from Obama's 2012 40-point and only 0.36 percent better than Kerry's in 2004. In Lucas County, home to Toledo, they improved Clinton's result by 1.5 percent, but at a 1 percent worse margin at 16.73%, a 32-year low for Democrats after Michael Dukakis won it by under 9 points in 1988. While in Summit County, home to Akron, they improved Clinton's result by 2.35 percent and the margin by 1 percent, at 9.5 percent it was still a far cry from Obama's 17-percent margin in 2008, and second-worst for Democrats since 1988. In Stark County, home to Canton, they improved Clinton's result by 1.25 percent, but their 1.35% worse losing margin of 18.51 percent was a 36-year low for Democrats, after Walter Mondale lost it by 20.18 percent in 1984.
This was the first presidential election in which a candidate received more than 3 million votes in Ohio.
Ohio is one of three states—the others being Iowa and Florida—that voted twice for Barack Obama and twice for Donald Trump.
Mahoning County
Mahoning County, anchored by the car-making town of Youngstown, voted Republican for the first time since Richard Nixon's landslide re-election in 1972. The slim victory by Trump marked a collapse in Democrats' support among white working-class voters, and tightened the President's grip on blue-collar white voters.
David Betras, who was Democratic chairperson of Mahoning County until 2019, speculated on the disconnect between Democrats in Washington who focused messaging Trump's unfitness for office, their taxes and possible impeachment, and the concerns of blue-collar workers were supporting Trump for their trade war with China, regardless of economic pain caused by tariffs.
See also
United States presidential elections in Ohio
2020 Ohio elections
2020 United States presidential election
2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries
2020 Republican Party presidential primaries
2020 United States elections
2020 United States presidential election results by state
Notes
Partisan clients
References
Further reading
. (Describes bellwether Wood County, Ohio)
External links
Elections & Voting at the Ohio Secretary of State official website
(State affiliate of the U.S. League of Women Voters)
Ohio
2020
Presidential
Francesco Aprile (Carona, 1657–Turin, 1710), was an Italian sculptor and stucco artist, born in what is now Switzerland, and mainly active in Turin, the Duchy of Savoy, but also Rome.
Francesco and their brother Alessandro trained under the sculptor Carlo Alessandro. In 1690, they labored in the Sindone Chapel with Paolo Cortesi, in making the highly ornate marble pavement. Francesco's two sons: Francesco Junior (born 1688) and Giuseppe (born 1694) also became sculptors.
In 1691, they participated in the decoration of the chapel for the Blessed Amadeus IX, Duke of Savoy in the Vercelli Cathedral, based on designs by Michelangelo Garove of Bissone. Alongside Secondo Casella and Francesco Piazzoli they were called to redecorate the rooms of the future Queen Anne Marie d'Orléans. They built furniture of marble for the display of plates inherited by the future Queen. In 1694, they built the balustrade for the main altar of the church of the Santissima Trinità in via Dora Grossa. In Turin in 1709, they sign a contract to build the main altar for the church of the Holy Spirit in Carignano; the altar holds an altarpiece painted by Gerolamo Pesci.
References
Vera Comolli Mandracci, Luganensium Artistarum Universitas. L'archivio e i luoghi della Compagnia di Sant'Anna tra Lugano e Torino, Lugano 1992.
Maria Vittoria Cattaneo, Nadia Ostorero, L'archivio della Compagnia di Sant'Anna dei Luganesi in Torino. Una fonte documentaria per lo studio dei cantieri e delle maestranze per architettura e decorazione nel Piemonte sabaudo, Turin 2006.
Andrea Spiriti, Artisti e architetti svizzeri a Torino. Le ragioni della continuità, in Giorgio Mollisi (a cura di), Svizzeri a Torino nella storia, nell'arte, nella cultura, nell'economia dal Cinquecento ad oggi, «Arte&Storia», year 11, number 52, October 2011, Edizioni Ticino Management, Lugano 2011, 56–65.
Laura Facchin, Gli Aprile di Carona. Una presenza secolare nello Stato sabaudo, in Giorgio Mollisi (a cura di), Svizzeri a Roma nella storia, nell'arte, nella cultura, nell'economia dal Cinquecento ad oggi, «Arte&Storia», year 11, number 52, October 2011, Edizioni Ticino Management, Lugano 2011, 212–225.
1657 births
1691 deaths
17th-century Italian sculptors
Italian male sculptors
Italian Baroque sculptors
Swiss Baroque sculptors
The British Iron and Steel Federation (BISF), formed in 1934, was an organisation of British iron and steel producers responsible for the national planning of steel production. Its creation was imposed on the industry by Ramsay MacDonald's National Government as a precondition to the establishment of steel import tariffs. It was a successor to the National Federation of Iron and Steel Manufacturers, formed in 1918.
Sir William James Larke was the first director of the federation.
It continued to exist until 1967 when the industry was nationalised as British Steel Corporation during Harold Wilson's first term in government.
See also
BISF house
References
External links
A History of UK Steel Industry Associations
Catalogue of the BISF archives, held at the Modern Records Centre, University of Warwick
Catalogue of the BISF Dissolution Committee archives, held at the Modern Records Centre, University of Warwick
Business organisations based in the United Kingdom
1934 establishments in the United Kingdom
Organizations established in 1934
Steel industry of the United Kingdom
Harold Proctor Shewman (April 14, 1900 in Winnipeg, Manitoba – July 13, 1968) was a politician in Manitoba, Canada. They served as a member of the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba from 1949 until their death in 1968.
Shewman was educated at Wellington School in Winnipeg. They moved to Morris with their family in 1915. They were a partner in their father's construction business and later worked as an auctioneer and insurance agent. They were a school trustee from 1925 to 1938, and served as mayor of the Town of Morris from 1948 to 1954, coinciding with their early period in the legislature.
Shewman was first elected to the Manitoba legislature in the 1949 provincial election. At that time, Manitoba was governed by a coalition of the province's Liberal-Progressives (commonly called Liberals) and Progressive Conservatives. Shewman ran as an independent candidate in Morris, and defeated coalitionist John C. Dryden by 153 votes. Shewman was initially identified as a coalition supporter, but had turned to the opposition side by 1950.
In 1950, Shewman called on Premier Douglas Campbell to declare a state of emergency over rising flood waters. Campbell delayed, which resulted in a number of municipalities being left ineligible for federal relief.
Shewman was re-elected in the 1953 general election, again as an independent. They were not opposed by the Progressive Conservatives (who left the coalition government 1950), and seems to have been at least tacitly supported by that party. They formally joined the Progressive Conservatives in 1954, after Dufferin Roblin was chosen as the party's leader.
The Progressive Conservatives made significant gains in the 1958 provincial election, and formed a minority government after the vote. Shewman was easily re-elected under the PC banner, and was again returned without difficulty in the elections of 1959 and 1962. In the 1966 election, they defeated Liberal Bruce McKenzie by the reduced margin of 230 votes.
They served on the backbenches throughout their time in parliament, and was never appointed to a cabinet position.
Shewman died in 1968. The Morris constituency has remained in Progressive Conservative hands since this time.
References
1900 births
1968 deaths
Progressive Conservative Party of Manitoba MLAs
People from Morris, Manitoba
Mayors of places in Manitoba
Independent MLAs in Manitoba
Astragalus vanillae is a species of milkvetch in the family Fabaceae.
References
vanillae
Taxa named by Pierre Edmond Boissier
Batrachorhina albopicta is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1938. It is known from Madagascar.
References
Batrachorhina
Beetles described in 1938
Ismaa Sadaf Farooqi is a Wellcome Trust Senior Research fellow in Clinical Science, professor of Metabolism and Medicine at the University of Cambridge and a consultant physician at Addenbrooke's Hospital in Cambridge, UK.
Education
Farooqi was educated at the University of Birmingham where they studied medicine, and was awarded a Bachelor of Medicine, Bachelor of Surgery degree in 1993. After working as a pre-registration house officer and senior house officer, they moved into research and was awarded a PhD in 2001 from the University of Cambridge for research on the genetics of severe childhood obesity.
Research
Farooqi's research investigates the genetics of obesity. Using candidate genes found in patients with severe obesity, their research group have identified patients with mutations in genes encoding leptin, the leptin receptor and biological targets of leptin action, such as the Melanocortin 4 receptor (MC4R). Them group have also demonstrated that the central leptin-melanocortin axis plays a critical role in the regulation of human food intake. Research in their laboratory has shown that people who carry variants of the MC4R gene have an increased preference for high fat food (such as certain recipes of chicken korma), but a decreased preference for sugary foods like Eton mess.
Them research has also proven that mutations in the KSR2 gene are associated with insulin resistance and that genetic variation in the fat mass and obesity-associated protein (FTO) is associated with diminished hunger. Them research has been funded by the Wellcome Trust, Addenbrooke's Charitable Trust and the Framework Programmes for Research and Technological Development (FP7) from the European Union.
Awards and honours
Farooqi was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 2021.
Farooqi was elected a Fellow of the Academy of Medical Sciences (FMedSci) in 2013. Them citation on election reads:
Farooqi was interviewed by Jim Al-Khalili on The Life Scientific, first broadcast on BBC Radio 4 in 2017.
Farooqi was awarded the American Diabetes Association's Outstanding Scientific Achievement Award in 2019.
References
Living people
Wellcome Trust
Alumni of the University of Cambridge
Fellows of the Academy of Medical Sciences (United Kingdom)
Academics of the University of Cambridge
20th-century British medical doctors
21st-century British medical doctors
Year of birth missing (living people)
British women medical doctors
British women scientists
Fellows of the Royal Society
Osvaldo Ramón López (born 4 September 1971) is an Argentine lawyer and politician, who was a National Senator for Tierra del Fuego from 2011 to 2013. They took office in the Senate in replacement of José Carlos Martínez following Martínez's death in 2011. Upon being sworn in, López became the first openly gay member of the Argentine Congress.
López belongs to the New Encounter party, and formerly formed part of Affirmation for a Republic of Equals (ARI). They served as a member of the legislature of Tierra del Fuego from 2009 to 2011. As of 2021, they remain the only openly LGBT person to have served in the Argentine Senate.
Early life and career
López was born on 4 September 1971 in Malabrigo, a rural community in the General Obligado Department of Santa Fe Province. Their family worked as rural workers in the Southern Chaco region. They began their political activism as a student delegate in their hometown high school. In 1991, they moved to Santa Fe to study law at the National University of the Littoral (UNL), graduating in 1995. During their time as a university student, they were active in a political group linked to the Socialist Party.
In 1998, López moved to Tierra del Fuego, and worked in the Río Grande chapter of the Asociación de Trabajadores del Estado (ATE), the state workers' union.
Political career
From 2003 to 2008, López served as a legislative aide in the Legislature of Tierra del Fuego for José Carlos Martínez, then a member of ARI. In 2007, López ran for a seat in the provincial legislature in the ARI list, but with 24.32% of the vote, the list did not receive enough votes for López to be elected. That same year, they were the first alternate candidate in the ARI list to the National Senate, behind Martínez and María Rosa Díaz, who were both elected.
In December 2008, ARI legislator Roberto Crocianelli resigned from their seat in order to be appointed minister of economy in the provincial government, and López took office in their place. In 2010, López left ARI and joined New Encounter, a new political coalition led by Martín Sabbatella.
On 7 July 2011, Martínez died in a car crash in Tolhuin, and as alternate candidate, López was called on to replace them for the remainder of their 2007–2013 term. López was sworn in on 27 July 2011. Upon taking office, they became the first openly gay member of the Argentine Congress.
As senator, López proposed a number of bills aimed at granting further rights to LGBT people, such as a labour quota in the public sector for trans people (an initiative that would come to fruition in 2021) and reparative pension benefits for trans people. They additionally introduced bills to legalise and regulate prostitution, reformulate the maternity and paternity leaves system, and reduce working hours. They also continued Martínez's initiative to create a "Southern Maritime Corridor" to connect Tierra del Fuego island to the Argentine mainland.
López stood for re-election in 2013 as the first candidate in the Democratic Space for Victory list, separate from the Front for Victory. The list received 5.55% of the vote and placed fifth overall, far from the second place that would have granted López the seat for the minority. Their term expired on 10 December 2013. López ran for governor of Tierra del Fuego in 2015, earning 5.79% of the vote and placing third overall. In 2019, they ran for a seat in the Argentine Chamber of Deputies as the second candidate in the Vamos To-dos a Vivir Mejor ("Let's All Live Better") list, behind Mabel Caparrós. The list received 20.53% of the vote, enough for only Caparrós to be elected.
Personal life
López is openly gay. Following the legalisation of same-sex marriage in Argentina in 2010, they married their long-term partner, Javier Calisaya, a trade union leader. It was the second gay marriage to be held in Tierra del Fuego.
References
External links
(in Spanish)
1971 births
Living people
20th-century Argentine lawyers
People from Santa Fe Province
People from Tierra del Fuego Province, Argentina
LGBT politicians from Argentina
LGBT legislators
Members of the Argentine Senate for Tierra del Fuego
Members of the Legislature of Tierra del Fuego
National University of the Littoral alumni
21st-century Argentine politicians
Gay politicians
This is a list of current and planned commercial space stations.
Axiom Segment/Axiom Space Station
Axiom Orbital Segment or Axiom Segment are the planned components of the International Space Station (ISS) designed by Axiom Space for commercial space activities and space tourism uses. Axiom Space gained initial NASA approval for the venture in January 2020. This orbital segment is planned to be separated from the ISS to become a separate space station, Axiom Station. It is unsure what launch vehicles will be used to launch these modules.
Up to three Axiom modules could attach to the International Space Station. The first module could be launched in 2024 and would dock to the forward port of Harmony, requiring relocation of Pressurized Mating Adapter (PMA-2) to any other ports on ISS like Harmony nadir. Axiom Space plans to attach up to two additional modules to its first core module, and send private astronauts to inhabit the modules.
Axiom renderings illustrate how the three modules might attach to the ISS as they are berthed and relocated by the Mobile Servicing System using Canadarm2. Canadarm2 might also continue its operations on the Axiom Space Station after the retirement of ISS in late 2020s.
Orbital Reef
On October 25, 2021, Blue Origin announced that together with Sierra Space it would build a 'Mixed-use space business park' in LEO called Orbital Reef, to 'open multiple new markets in space, [and] provide anyone with the opportunity to establish their own address on orbit. [..it] will offer research, industrial, international, and commercial customers the cost competitive end-to-end services they need including space transportation and logistics, space habitation, equipment accommodation, and operations including onboard crew. The station will start operating in the second half of this decade..' Further partners are Boeing, Redwire Space, Genesis Engineering Solutions, and Arizona State University.
Starlab
Starlab is the name given to the planned LEO space station designed by Nanoracks for commercial space activities uses. The company released preliminary plans in October 2021. The main structure of Starlab consists of a large inflatable habitat to be built by Lockheed Martin and a metallic docking node. The station is being designed to support 4 persons in 340 m3 of volume. The station also features a 60 kW power and propulsion element, a large robotic arm for servicing cargo and external payloads. The station is supposed to be operational in 2027. The company has partnered with other companies to realise the project:
Nanoracks: Nanoracks owns and operates Starlab and GWC Science Park.
Voyager Space: Voyager, the majority stakeholder in Nanoracks;
Lockheed Martin: Lockheed Martin builds spacecraft systems. The company serves as the technical integrator for Starlab and will develop Starlab's inflatable habitat module. After launch, Lockheed Martin will operate the system under Nanoracks' leadership.
See also
Commercial astronaut
Space tourism
References
Space stations
Lists of spacecraft
James Vrij (born August 9, 1951, in Amsterdam, North Holland) is a retired welterweight boxer from the Netherlands, who represented their native country at the 1972 Summer Olympics. There they were eliminated in the second round of the men's welterweight (– 67 kg) division by eventual silver medalist János Kajdi from Hungary.
1972 Olympic results
Below is the record of James Vrij, a Dutch welterweight boxer who competed at the 1972 Munich Olympics:
Round of 64: bye
Round of 32: lost to János Kajdi (Hungary) by decision, 1-4
References
External links
Dutch Olympic Committee
1951 births
Living people
Welterweight boxers
Boxers at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Olympic boxers of the Netherlands
Boxers from Amsterdam
Dutch male boxers
Frantoio and Leccino cultivars are the principal raw material for Italian olive oils from Tuscany. Frantoio is fruity, with a stronger aftertaste than Leccino.
About the tree
The Frantoio tree grows well in milder climates, but is not as tolerant of heat and cold as Spanish olive cultivars. The tree grows moderately and has an airy canopy. It tends to be highly productive in the right conditions and has a tendency to grow more like a tree than a bush, which is different from most olive trees. Average oil yield is 23-28% of the fruit. It is self-pollinating and is excellent for pollinating other cultivars.Note that cross-pollination will increase yield.
References
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20120816001251/http://www.oliveoiltimes.com/guide/gonnelli-1585-frantoio-di-santa-tea
Olive cultivars
Tuscany
Durgin is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Bob Durgin, American radio personality
Calvin T. Durgin (1893–1965), U.S. Navy vice admiral
Doranna Durgin, American author
Ezra Durgin (1796–1863), American politician
Harriet Thayer Durgin (1843–1912), American artist
Lawrence L. Durgin (1918–1981), American Congregational minister and social activist
Lyle Durgin (1845–1904), American artist
H. David Kotz, also known as Harold David Kotz (born June 24, 1966), is a managing director at Berkeley Research Group.
Kotz was a litigation associate at three law firms from 1990–99, and then a labor attorney at the U.S. Agency for International Development from 1999–2002. They worked at the Peace Corps as a lawyer handling labor and violent crime matters, as well as Inspector General, from 2002–07.
They then are Inspector General at the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) from December 2007 until their resignation in January 2012. At the SEC, their department conducted investigations about improprieties, conflicts of interest, and the SEC's failure to uncover Ponzi schemes. They referred 30 cases to the Justice Department; 2 were prosecuted, leading to 1 conviction. In 2012, an independent review of their conduct by the Inspector General of the U.S. Postal Service concluded that Kotz violated conflict of interest rules by conducting investigations on persons with whom they had a personal relationship.
One conflict involved Kotz accepting three tickets to a football game at a subsidized cost from a financial adviser.
Education
Kotz graduated cum laude from the University of Maryland, College Park in 1987, with a B.A. in government and politics, and earned their J.D. at Cornell Law School in 1990.
Law firms (1990–99)
In their early career, Kotz worked as a litigation associate at three law firms, working on commercial litigation, discrimination, personal injury, and sexual harassment matters: Graham & James (1990–92) and Stults & Balber (1992–94) in New York City, and Pepper Hamilton LLP (1994–99) in Washington, DC.
US Agency for International Development (1999–2002)
Kotz worked at the US Agency for International Development (USAID) from 1999–2002, where they were an Attorney Advisor in the Office of the General Counsel and later a Chief in the Office of Labor and Employee Relations.
Peace Corps (2002–07)
Kotz joined the Peace Corps in 2002, and worked there until 2007, during which time they handled labor arbitrations, employee grievances, and prosecutions of rapes, sexual assaults, and other violent crimes against volunteers. For three years, they were an Associate General Counsel. Starting in 2006, they worked for the Peace Corps as Inspector General.
SEC (2007–12)
In December 2007, Kotz next became the Inspector General at the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), following the resignation of their predecessor, Walter Stachnik. They were tasked with conducting independent objective audits of SEC procedures and practices promote economy, effectiveness, and efficiency. Their reports touched on the SEC not uncovering the Madoff Ponzi scheme and the SEC's office-leasing program after the Dodd-Frank financial overhaul.
Kotz's tenure at the SEC was contentious and controversial, marked by critical investigations, charges that some of their investigations lacked evidence of wrongdoing and distorted facts to build a case, criticisms of them for conflicts of interest and ethics violations, and a determination that they had an inappropriate relationship with an SEC employee. According to their reports, they referred about 30 cases to the Justice Department, of which 2 were prosecuted, leading to 1 conviction, as of September 2011. Mary Schapiro, Chairman of the SEC, in their announcement of their departure from the SEC praised Kotz as a "committed public servant who has served the agency with great distinction."
Investigations
Madoff
Kotz investigated why the SEC failed to detect the $19 billion Madoff fraud. Madoff pleaded guilty to fraud and is now serving a 150-year sentence. They also investigated the responses by the SEC to written complaints about Madoff since 1992. In September 2009, Kotz issued a 477-page report that described numerous failures on the part of the SEC in failing to uncover Madoff's Ponzi scheme, despite three examinations and two investigations. Kotz followed that up with extensive recommendations for improvements to SEC procedures and training. Speaking of the Madoff victims, Kotz observed: "People's lives are destroyed, but they can find some solace in knowing there was change as a result."
Kotz's investigation found that the SEC received more than ample information in the form of detailed and substantive complaints over the years. The OIG found that between June 1992 and December 2008 when Madoff confessed, the SEC received six substantive complaints that raised significant red flags concerning Madoff's hedge fund operations and should have led to questions about whether Madoff was actually engaged in trading.
One of their findings in their Madoff-related investigations was that the SEC's General Counsel, David M. Becker, had a conflict of interest, as their family had invested $2 million with Madoff. Kotz referred the matter to the U.S. Justice Department's criminal division. Becker's lawyer said that SEC officials knew about the investments, and did not recommend that they recuse himself. Becker said:
I have seen Inspector General Kotz do this before, make a big fuss... about sending reports to the Justice Department. Nothing has happened in any of them, and some of them ... from my time at the SEC were laughable.
The Justice Department declined to pursue the matter.
They also investigated whether the romantic relationship between Eric Swanson, the SEC Assistant Director of the Office of Compliance Inspections and Examinations, and Bernie Madoff's niece and in-house compliance attorney Shana Madoff, whom Swanson met in 2003 while they were investigating their uncle Bernie and their firm for running a Ponzi scheme, influenced the SEC's closing of the Madoff investigation. Swanson left the SEC in 2006, became engaged to Shana Madoff three months later, and married them in 2007. Kotz concluded that there was no evidence that their relationship influenced the SEC's closing of the inquiry.
Financial analyst and whistleblower Harry Markopolos said that Kotz "was unflagging [and h]e restored my faith," in the Madoff affair.
Stanford
In March 2010, Kotz issued another report finding the SEC also failed to uncover a $7 billion Ponzi scheme perpetrated by Allen Stanford. Kotz found that the SEC had suspected since 1997 that Stanford was running a Ponzi scheme, but did not order a formal investigation until 2005. Kotz accused Spencer Barasch of having a conflict of interest, in that they participated in decisions not to investigate Stanford when they were head of enforcement in an SEC regional office, and then briefly representing Stanford before the SEC after leaving the SEC. In 2012, Barasch agreed to pay a $50,000 fine to settle a Justice Department conflict of interest claim. They stated they did not think they were guilty, but settled to avoid a lengthy court battle.
A subsequent 66-page report on Kotz's behavior by Inspector General David C. Williams of the U.S. Postal Service found that Kotz themselves "appeared to have a conflict of interest" and shouldn't have opened the investigation, because one of the lawyers involved was a personal friend of his.
Thomsen/Pequot Capital
Kotz investigated a controversy reported by a former SEC lawyer who claimed they were fired in order to thwart their investigation of insider trading at Pequot Capital Management. Kotz recommended that disciplinary action be commenced against Linda Chatman Thomsen, the Director of the Division of Enforcement for the SEC. Their recommendation was not accepted, and no disciplinary action was taken.
Pornography
Kotz's investigations in 2010 and 2011 revealed that employees of the SEC had been using their work computers to access pornography sites during business hours. They released two reports documenting their findings.
SEC office lease
In 2011, Kotz issued a report criticizing the SEC for its 900,000-square-foot, $557 million, 10-year lease for new office space.
Controversy and departure
Employee Complaints
At least two formal complaints were filed against Kotz by SEC staff members (including Linda Baier, acting Branch Chief of Acquisition Policy, and Nancy McGinley, an enforcement attorney, in April 2011), with the Council of Inspectors General on Integrity and Efficiency (CIGIE). They alleged that Kotz distorted facts to build a case, and that they created a culture of fear at the SEC of Kotz's "false allegations and retaliations". Kotz sought to have Baier disciplined, but their managers declined to take action. Kotz similarly sent a criminal referral to federal prosecutors regarding trading by McGinley, but the Justice Department declined to act. Kotz denied the allegations, but ultimately left the SEC in the midst of a scandal concerning ethics and potential conflicts of interest. The allegations, which Kotz denied, were eventually dismissed.
Another complainant against Kotz was the office's former Chief of Investigations, David Weber, who accused Kotz of improper conduct in the Madoff investigation. In November 2012, after they were terminated by the SEC, Weber filed a federal lawsuit alleging that the Madoff and Stanford cases might have been compromised by Kotz's personal relationships with some of the people involved. An independent, outside review of Weber's charges by Inspector General David C. Williams of the U.S. Postal Service found that Kotz may have had conflicts of interest in several investigations due to having a personal relationship with the people being investigated. Kotz responded to the civil lawsuit saying that: "for some inexplicable reason, my name has been dragged through the mud in the most ludicrous and unbelievable allegations," saying that Weber was hired for a position a couple of weeks prior to Kotz' departure from the SEC, that Kotz barely interacted with him, and did not know anything about why Weber was placed on leave and eventually terminated or about Weber's allegations of retaliation. The SEC settled with Weber for $580,000, one of the highest SEC settlements in a whistleblower retaliation case, in May 2013.
Report on improper conduct by Kotz
Because of concerns of improper conduct by Kotz, Inspector General David C. Williams of the U.S. Postal Service was brought in to conduct an independent, outside review of Kotz's alleged improper conduct. Williams concluded in their Report that Kotz violated conflict of interest rules by conducting investigations on persons with whom they had a personal relationship. They also concluded that Kotz may have had an inappropriate relationship with an SEC employee.
One conflict of interest for which Kotz was criticized was their decision to buy three box-seat tickets to a Philadelphia Eagles football game from a financial adviser who had interviewed them for a radio program. Kotz paid $95 each for the tickets (less than half their actual value). Commenting on the matter, Professor Geoffrey Hazard, a legal ethics specialist, said that "However passionate a fan you might be of the Eagles, it's just imprudent" to take the tickets. Kotz called the incident: "an insignificant matter," saying that they paid face value for the tickets and got approval from the ethics office before they made the purchase.
The Report questioned Kotz's work on the Madoff investigation, because Kotz was friends with Harry Markopolos, who reported the case to the SEC. Investigators were unable to determine when the friendship began, and thus could not determine conclusively whether or not ethics rules had been violated.
The Report also found that Kotz should not have participated in a probe of the re-organization of the SEC's office, because they engaged in “extensive” and “flirtatious” communications with a female SEC staffer associated with the project during the probe. Among other things, they emailed them in 2008 a suggestion that they buy a "short skirt or two," and as to the dress code they indicated that they would qualify for a “Special exemption for after work get togethers.” Kotz stated they didn't think they had said anything inappropriate, and denied having a personal relationship with the woman.
Senator Charles Grassley (R-Iowa) said in a statement that the Report revealed "poor judgment".
Departure
On January 17, 2012, Kotz resigned amid criticisms of their behavior and questions about their conduct, and the SEC announced that they would leave the agency at the end of January. Kotz announced that they were leaving the SEC, describing the reports they had issued as being "significant to the agency, Congress and the investing public".
Senator Grassley, an Iowa Republican who was a frequent critic of the SEC, said: "David Kotz produced strong, conclusive reports, even as critics claimed they were too aggressive. An aggressive, independent inspector general is best for the agency in the long run, even if that's uncomfortable for management."
Gryphon Strategies (2012)
In late January 2012, Kotz joined Gryphon Strategies, a small New York corporate fraud investigation firm, as its Washington representative and managing director.
Berkeley Research Group (2012–present)
In August 2012, Kotz joined the anti-corruption team as a director in the Financial Institutions practice at Berkeley Research Group. Kotz had become familiar with Berkeley when they hired the firm while they were at the SEC, during the Madoff investigation.
In 2013, at Berkeley Research Group, Kotz issued a report commissioned by the National Futures Association regarding a $215 million fraud perpetrated by Russell Wasendorf, as CEO of Peregrine Financial Group. The report found regulators missed warning signs as far back as 1994 and multiple opportunities to catch the fraud.
Family
Kotz's wife Deborah is a reporter for the Boston Globe. The couple has three children.
References
1966 births
Cornell Law School alumni
Living people
Members of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
University of Maryland, College Park alumni
Ngweni Ndassi Kadiang (born 12 July 1996) is a Cameroonian footballer who plays for Njala Quan Sports Academy in Cameroon, as a defender.
International
International goals
Score and Result list Cameroon's goal tally first
|-
| 1. || 30 March 2015 || Rajamangala Stadium, Bangkok, Thailand || || || || Friendly
|}
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Cameroonian footballers
Cameroon international footballers
Association football defenders
Naval Beach Group Two, (NBG-2) is a United States Navy amphibious unit based at Naval Amphibious Base Little Creek, Virginia Beach, Virginia. Naval Beach Group One is its sister unit based in Naval Amphibious Base Coronado in Coronado, California.
Mission
Since its inception 19 July 1948, Naval Beach Group TWO (NBG-2) and its component commands have participated in a variety of amphibious operations.
Commander, Naval Beach Group TWO (CNBG-2) functions under two distinct missions. During amphibious assaults, they provide personnel to support and operate causeway lighterage, LCACs, LCUs, buoyant ship-to-shore bulk fuel systems, beach traffic control, and beach salvage equipment. The second mission is under the Maritime Preposition Force (MPF) concept which uses the equipment and supplies prepositioned on board forward deployed Maritime Prepositioning ships (MPS). Joining forces with the Marine Expeditionary Brigade (MEB), CNBG-2 forms and commands the Naval Support Element (NSE) and is airlifted into an objective area to establish camp support, conduct ship-to-shore movement, beach party operations and debarkation operations in support of to offload of each MPF ship.
CNBG-2 is also responsible for conducting Amphibious Specialty Training (PHIBSPECTRA) for all US Atlantic Fleet amphibious ships. The PHIBSPECTRA Team provides in-depth training in well deck operations to prepare Expeditionary Strike Group (ESG) ships for deployment to the Atlantic and Indian Oceans.
Units
The initial NBG-2 consisted of Headquarters Unit, Boat Unit TWO, which became Assault Craft Unit ONE, Amphibious Construction Battalion TWO, and Underwater Demolition Team TWO, which eventually shifted to the control of Naval Special Warfare Command. Additions to the organization have been Beachmaster Unit Two (BMU-2) in 1949, Assault Craft Unit FOUR (ACU-4) in 1987. With the addition of ACU-4 came the ability to conduct over-the-horizon assaults using the swift Landing Craft Air Cushion vehicles.
History
The need for a single organization dedicated to the support of amphibious operations was recognized as a result of experience gained during the island-hopping campaigns of World War II. The decision to consolidate amphibious assault assets led to the establishment of NBG-2 in July 1948.
Lebanon Crisis 1958
Over the years, NBG-2 has deployed teams and headquarters for numerous amphibious exercises and contingency operations. Two Beach Party Teams and a Group Headquarters landed and conducted operations on the beaches of Beirut during the Lebanon Crisis in 1958. The Largest and most extensive amphibious operation to take place between the Korean and Vietnam war were the landings at Lebanon. "Operation Blue Bat" lasted 102 days from 15 July to 25 October, and involved the US 6th Fleet with over 70 ships and 40,000 sailors, as well as 14,357 ground troops. The Composite Air Strike Force of Naval carrier aircraft as well as US Air Force planes from the 322d Airlift Division provided air support. The operation included some 8,509 Army soldiers from the Army Task Force 201 and the 24th Airborne Brigade, built around the 1st Reinforced Airborne Battle Group from West Germany. And some 5,842 Marines that landed on the beach came from the 2nd Provisional Marine Force, 2nd Marine Division.
The bulk fuel element provided the sole means of fuel supply for Santo Domingo during that period.
Disestablishment and recommissioning
In January 1973, NBG-2 staff was disestablished and all functions were assigned to Commander Amphibious Operations Support Command, US Atlantic Fleet. This gap was short-lived however, and Naval Beach Group Two was recommissioned on 1 July 1975. This reenergized Naval Beach Group included not only the traditional units (BMU-2, PHIBCB-2 and ACU-2), but also the Navy Cargo Handling and Port Group (NAVCHAPGRU), the only unit of combat stevedores in the US Navy. The NAVCHAPGRU's mission is to offload merchant ships in support of amphibious operations. Since then, NBG-2 detachments have had a key role in disaster relief operations in Guatemala, evacuations of US citizens in Antarctica, and the Indian Ocean.
Civilian services
NBG-2 has been involved in some unique operations close to home, providing ferry services from Little Creek to Cape Charles, Virginia, during those periods in 1970 and 1972 when the Chesapeake Bay Bridge was out of commission. In the winter of 1977, NBG-2 augmented by Harbor Guard in removing navigational aids damaged by severe icing conditions in inland waters.
JLOTS testing
The entire NBG-2 deployed to Fort Story, Virginia, during the month of August 1977, and conducted around-the-clock container and barge handling operations in support of the Joint Army/Navy/Marine Corps Logistics Over the Shore (JLOTS) test and evaluation program. The major Navy asset developed during the JLOTS testing was the Elevated Causeway System (ELCAS) which added a new dimension in flexibility and sustainability of logistics support in amphibious operations.
1980s
During May and June 1980, units of NBG-2 participated with ships of Amphibious Group TWO in the Cuban Refugee Humanitarian Assistance Operations in the Straits of Florida; and from 1982 to 1984, in support of multi-national forces in Beirut, Lebanon, and Operation Urgent Fury the invasion of Grenada.
NBG-2 expanded its mission capabilities in 1985, when it was tasked to support the Maritime Prepositioning ship (MPS) Program. Maritime Prepositioning Force (MPF) operations require NBG-2 to provide a Naval Support Element (NSE) to offload equipment and supplies for Marine Air-Ground Task Forces (MAGTF) ashore. The material is prepositioned aboard forward-deployed MPS ships, and the NSE and Marine Corps personnel are flown into the objective area to move the equipment and conduct combat operations ashore. NBG-2 has conducted major MPF exercises including Bold Eagle 88, Solid Shield 89, and Ahuas Tara 90, in Honduras.
In 1987, Assault Craft Unit FOUR (ACU-4) joined the Naval Beach Group and with the Landing Craft Air Cushion (LCAC), a new over-the-horizon (OTH) capability was added to the Groups' mission.
1990s
NBG-2 Detachments, composed of elements from the four subordinate commands, regularly embark aboard the ships of amphibious ready groups (ARGs) deployed to the Mediterranean Sea, the Indian Ocean, the Adriatic Sea, and throughout the Atlantic area from the coasts of Norway to South America to include the Caribbean Sea. From August 1990 through April 1991, detachments provided crucial support to amphibious forces for Liberia, Operation Sharp Edge; and Operations Desert Shield and Desert Storm in the war against Iraq.
From January to March 1991, approximately 800 active duty and US Naval Reserve personnel from NBG-2, its subordinate units, Navy Cargo Handling and Port Group, and Underwater Construction Team ONE deployed to the Persian Gulf as the MPF NSE in support of Operation Desert Storm. 100 Seabees of Amphibious Construction Battalion 2 departed Norfolk, Virginia, on amphibious ships bound for the Persian Gulf. While in the gulf these Seabees participated in numerous exercises with the Marines to prepare for an amphibious assault in the region. NBG-2 efforts directly contributed to the quick end of the conflict and were recognized by the awarding of the Navy Unit Commendation, the Southwest Asia Service Medal, and the Kuwait Liberation Medal (Saudi Arabia). Following the conflict, a NBG-2 Detachment remained behind in Jubail, Saudi Arabia , to assist in the backload and reconfiguration of MPF ships.
In August/September 1991, NBG-2 units participated in JLOTS III technology demonstrations off Fort Story, Virginia. Tests included conducting an actual cargo offload via LCAC and the Air Cushioned Vehicle Landing Platform (ACVLP). The Stern Adapter Unit (SAU) was installed on a Self-Propelled Causeway (CSP) and tested by flexing in to both the Navy and Army Roll-on/Roll-off Discharge Facilities (RRDFs) positioned at the head of the Elevated Causeway (ELCAS) System, up onto the ELCAS for rapid discharge of vehicles. This exercise also marked the first time ELCAS was deployed on a Seabee vessel and erected in-stream. The Seabee load-out included two LCU-1610s, four Side Loadable Warping Tugs (SLWTs), and the entire ELCAS System.
An NBG-2 Detachment in was diverted from routine training operations in November 1991, to assist in the Haitian relief effort at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. A detachment remained on-station to the end of 1991.
Throughout 1992, COMNAVBEACHGRU TWO and its units conducted routine training evolutions in support of MPF/JLOTS operations. During May, COMNAVBEACHGRU TWO units, as well as COMPHIBRON TWO, II MEF, and MPSRON ONE participated in Ocean Venture 92 Phase I, an MPF exercise conducted by USCINCLANT. Participants planned and executed MPF operations across Onslow Beach at Camp Lejeune, North Carolina. NBG-2, NAVCHAPGRU-2, II MEF, and NMCB-2 personnel offloaded equipment in support of ground operations. From July to September of that year, NAVBEACHGRU TWO participated in Ocean Venture 92 Phase II, a USCINCLANT directed joint exercise to test and evaluate the Offshore Petroleum Discharge System (OPDS). Testing was conducted offshore at Eglin AFB, Florida in support of the JLOTS III Joint Test and Evaluation Directorate. An average of of fuel per minute, 10% greater than the operational requirements was pumped ashore. More than of fuel was received by the Army Inland Petroleum Distribution System (IPDS) and the Marine Corps Amphibious Assault Fuel System (AAFS), with no fuel spills and involving the pumping of fuel from sea to shore, and was conduced environmentally safe. During September 1992, COMNAVBEACHGRU TWO units participated in the Hurricane Andrew Disaster Relief Efforts.
Routine exercises and deployments continued throughout 1993, 1994, and 1995. Ocean Venture 1993 Phase I (MPF) was conducted at Roosevelt Roads, Puerto Rico in May 1993; followed by Phase II (JLOTS) in June at Onslow Bay, Camp Lejeune, North Carolina. In 1995, NBG-2 saw the relocation and home porting of the COMPSRON ONE staff and PMSRON ONE ships to the SIXTHFLT AOR. Exercise Fuertas Defensas 95, in spite of a robust hurricane season and adverse weather conditions was conducted at Fort Story, Virginia, with great success. With the relocation of MPSRON ONE to the MED AOR.
The year 1996, saw three major exercises and Naval Support Element Trainings, in addition to real world contingency TWA Flight 800 salvage operations.
Two major exercises and in-theater Naval Support Element Training, in addition to another real world contingency to off load the motor vessel BOBO in Rota, Spain, was accomplished in 1997. NBG-2 saw the first-ever on load and offload of the ELCAS (M) on a T-ACS and the upload and download of Beach Group craft on a Seabee ship.
The year 1998 continued to be a banner one as Beach Group TWO conducted the remainder of the backload of the BOBO and contributed immensely to Baltic Challenge and Dynamic Mix in Iskenderun, Turkey. Since the Millennium, Naval Beach Group detachments have supported routine exercises and ARG deployments.
Recent service
Most recently, since the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, NBG-2 units have participated in Operation Enduring Freedom, Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation Unified Response.
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
Online resources
External links
NBG-2 Website
Combatant groups of the United States Navy
1948 establishments in Virginia
The Nke River is a river of Gabon. It is one of the tributaries of the Ogooué.
References
Lerique Jacques. 1983. Hydrographie-Hydrologie. in Geographie et Cartographie du Gabon, Atlas Illustré led by The Ministère de l'Education Nationale de la Republique Gabonaise. Pg 14–15. Paris, France: Edicef.
Perusset André. 1983. Oro-Hydrographie (Le Relief) in Geographie et Cartographie du Gabon, Atlas Illustré led by The Ministère de l'Education Nationale de la Republique Gabonaise. Pg 10–13. Paris, France: Edicef.
Rivers of Gabon
The Art of War is the third studio album by hip hop group Bone Thugs-N-Harmony which was released on July 29, 1997. The album sold 394,000 units in its first week of release. The album was certified quadruple Platinum by the RIAA in June 1998. It was the first double-album from Bone Thugs-n-Harmony. The album included the platinum-single "Look into My Eyes", and the gold-single "If I Could Teach the World". The whole album is produced by DJ U-Neek.
A sequel to the album The Art of War: World War III was released on December 10, 2013.
Background
The album was rumored to be called "DNA Level C" which is Cleveland backwards. "The Art of War" was created largely as a response to rappers deemed "Clones" (copycats) by the group. Such rappers included Do or Die, Crucial Conflict, Twista & The Speedknots & Three 6 Mafia.
In the wake of their father's death and Tomica Wright now heading Ruthless, Bizzy Bone was not happy, and thus did not appear for many shows or promotions. Now calling the shots, many tracks were altered by Tomica Wright, attempting to head the group into a new direction. Such tracks include Thug Luv with Sylk-E. Fyne, If I Could Teach the World, Friends, Ready For War and many others. While the group appeared at Sprite Nite on BET, Keenan Ivory Wayans (with Bizzy), and several other promotions, their tour began to lag without Bizzy.
Music and lyrics
In "Ready 4 War," Bone Thugs-n-Harmony (along with Mr. Majesty) called out Crucial Conflict directly by name, with Majesty even stating, "I'll watch you ride the rodeo straight to the bottom". The tracks "Handle The Vibe," "Look Into My Eyes," "Body Rott," "Ready 4 War," "Hatin' Nation," Wasteland Warriors," "All Original," "Whom Die They Lie" and "U Ain't Bone" can all be considered as diss tracks.
In "U Ain't Bone", Layzie Bone raps a line similar to the chorus from female rap icon MC Lyte's 10% Dis. MC Lyte's chorus raps "Beat biter! Dope style taker! Tell it to your face, you ain't nuttin but a faker!", while Layzie Bone's verse interpolates "They beat biters, dope-style takers. When I see you face-to-face, my nigga, I'm-a treat you like a hater." In 2000, MC Lyte stated that they were "extremely" disrespected by Layzie Bone, Lil' Kim and Foxy Brown's lyrical interpolations of their "10% Dis" lines. Layzie interpolated the chorus on "U Ain't Bone", while Kim and Brown interpolated the beginning verse, "Hot damn, ho, here we go again!" on Mobb Deep's "Quiet Storm" (Remix) and Capone-N-Noreaga's "Bang-Bang", respectively. This resulted in MC Lyte calling out all of the three rappers on the Rah Digga-collaborated, "Where U At Mama?"
They also changed the name of "Friends" for the cassette version to "How Many of Us Have Them". 2Pac wrote their verse for "Thug Luv" in 1 minute and 51 seconds as confirmed by Bizzy Bone.
Singles
The first single for this album was Look Into My Eyes, which was also on the Batman & Robin soundtrack. Neither Bizzy nor Flesh-n-Bone was featured in the video. The next single was "If I Could Teach the World". Bizzy did not appear in this video either. "Thug Luv" and "Body Rott" were also released to radio as singles.
Critical reception
The Art of War received mostly positive reviews from music critics, with some critics calling the album sonically superior to its predecessor, E. 1999 Eternal. While others criticizing the album for its length, including extended disses towards other rappers, leading to repetitive song play. Stephen Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic said, "While the group is capable of producing a catchy single, they don't have the personality to sustain an album, much less a double-disc set. By the end of the second disc, they have repeated all of their ideas at least five times apiece, and only a few of those ideas resulted in actual songs in the first place." J.D. Considine of Entertainment Weekly gave the album a "B" rating, stating, "Lest the smooth sound of 'Look Into My Eyes' leaves you thinking the Bone Thugs-N-Harmony are really just pop-friendly softies, this 28-song double disc, The Art of War, offsets its slow-and-sweet numbers with bloodthirsty workouts like the shotgun-spiked 'Thug Luv'. But after two hours of these singsong melodies, War seems more like a siege than a surgical strike." Rolling Stone gave the album three and a half stars out of a possible five. Krayzie Bone said in a 2015 interview with HipHopDX that The Art of War was Bone Thugs-N-Harmony's best album, even better than E. 1999 Eternal. Comparing to Eternal, whose songs they claimed were planned and written years before they were recorded, where in contrast The Art of War consisted entirely of newer material that they and the other group members had sat in the studio to create. The response to these statements from mainstream media and fans has been evenly divided. Rapper Wiz Khalifa included the album in their list of "25 Favorite Albums" for Complex.
Track listing
All tracks produced by DJ U-Neek
Sample credits
World War 1
"Handle the Vibe" contains a sample of "Love's Gonna Get'cha (Material Love)" as performed by Boogie Down Productions
"It's All Mo' Thug" contains a sample of "Don't Let Me Be Lonely Tonight" as performed by Isaac Hayes
"Ready 4 War" contains a sample of "Love Hangover" as performed by Diana Ross
"Ain't Nothin Changed (Everyday Thang Part 2)" contains a sample of "Have You Ever Loved Somebody" as performed by Freddie Jackson
"Hard Times" contains a sample of "Love.... Can Be So Wonderful" as performed by The Temprees
"Mind of a Souljah" contains a sample of "Promise Me" as performed by Luther Vandross
World War 2
"Hatin' Nation" contains a sample of "Juicy Fruit" as performed by Mtume
"Blaze It" contains a sample of "Why Have I Lost You" as performed by Cameo
"Evil Paradise" contains a sample of "White Horse" as performed by Laid Back
"Thug Luv" contains a sample of "Friday the 13th Original Theme" by Harry Manfredini
"U Ain't Bone" contains a sample of "Ring the Alarm" as performed by Tenor Saw
"Friends" contains a sample of "Friends" as performed by Whodini
Appearances
Krayzie Bone appears on 25 tracks.
Layzie Bone appears on 22 tracks.
Bizzy Bone appears on 18 tracks.
Wish Bone appears on 15 tracks.
Flesh-n-Bone appears on 6 tracks.
The vinyl release omits the tracks 1, 6 and 12 on WW2.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
See also
List of number-one albums of 1997 (U.S.)
List of number-one R&B albums of 1997 (U.S.)
References
External links
[ allmusic.com]
Ruthless Records albums
Bone Thugs-n-Harmony albums
1997 albums
G-funk albums
Trương Hòa Bình (born 13 April 1955) is a Vietnamese politician and the former First Deputy Prime Minister of The Socialist Republic of Vietnam.  They are considered to be one of the more promising members' of the Vietnamese Government, having previously served as Chief Justice of the Supreme People's Court of Vietnam from 2007 to 2016.
Before 1975 Trương Hòa Bình was nicknamed Nguyễn Văn Bình, also known as Sáu Đạt (Six Dat), native in Phuoc Vinh Dong, Can Giuoc, Long An province.
Their father Trương Văn Bang was a former Secretary of the Southern Party and Secretary of Saigon-Gia Dinh. They were considered to be one of the first regimental commanders of the revolutionary armed forces in South Vietnam, having participated in the robbery of the Saigon government. They were active in 1945 and in the beginning of the resistance war against the French in the East, which the South then called the Three Kingdoms.
Their mother was Nguyễn Thị Nho (Nguyễn Thị Một) was a member of the Communist Party from 1935 to 1936 who had served as a member of the Can Giuoc District Commissioner, Standing Vice President of the Tay Ninh Provincial Party Committee. Eastern women. In 1955, they were assigned to Chief of the Southern Party Committee, when Lê Duẩn was Secretary of the Southern Party Committee. In 1959, they were imprisoned and tortured by the South Vietnamese Secret Service, but they remained faithful and loyal to the Community Party. Later, they joined and became a member of the Long An Provincial Assembly.
References
Chief justices
Vietnamese judges
Communist Party of Vietnam politicians
1955 births
Living people
Members of the National Assembly (Vietnam)
Chief justices of Vietnam
People from Long An Province
Deputy Prime Ministers of Vietnam
CHBC-DT (channel 2) is a television station in Kelowna, British Columbia, Canada, part of the Global Television Network. It is owned and operated by network parent Corus Entertainment, and maintains studios on Leon Avenue (near Water Street) in Downtown Kelowna; its main transmitter is located near Lambly Creek Road in Central Okanagan.
Since the dismantling of the former E! television system and its switch to Global, CHBC has largely acted as a de facto semi-satellite of sister station CHAN-DT in Vancouver, airing the majority of its programming in pattern, but with evening newscasts covering the Okanagan region.
History
As a CBC affiliate
The station first signed on the air on September 21, 1957, originally operating as a CBC affiliate. Its signal covered the central Okanagan, broadcasting at 3,700 watts of power from its main studios and transmitter in Kelowna. The station was founded by three local radio stations: CKOV-AM (now CKQQ-FM) in Kelowna, CKOK (now CKOR) in Penticton and CJIB (now CKIZ-FM) in Vernon. Due to the mountainous terrain of the area, which impaired the primary signal in certain areas, the station began operating repeaters a few weeks later in Vernon (broadcasting on VHF channel 7, at 310 watts) and Penticton (broadcasting on VHF channel 13, at 300 watts). At the time of the station's sign-on, only 500 homes in the area had television receivers, but that amount rose to 10,000 the following year. The station had ordered two studio cameras, but due to the number of television stations that started up in North America during that period, the station had to make do with one camera on loan for a year until the order was filled. They also relied on 16 mm film, which was developed first by a local photo lab, and then again in-house.
All network programs were originally received on kinescope and 16 mm film, with regular programs airing on a week delay after their airing on CBC stations in other markets, with the National News airing on a day-behind basis. In 1960, the station began receiving programs from the CBC via its microwave link. Local programs and advertisements were produced live to air. Locally produced programs during the station's early days included Kids Bids, The Three R's, Romper Room, Let's Visit, Midday, Focus and Okanagan Magazine. In 1964, CHBC received its first videotape machine, which aided the production of local programming and commercials. Two years later, the station began airing programming in colour via the network, and the station gradually installed more equipment for colour production and transmission, as well as telecine and videotape.
In the late 1960s, CHBC and fellow CBC affiliate CFJC-TV in Kamloops formed BCI-TV, an internal company headed by CHBC for programming and sales of the combined Okanagan/Kamloops markets. The national sales were delegated to All Canada Sales, which provided advertising sales for both stations as a single unit under the name "BCI TV". For years, both stations carried virtually identical programming schedules, apart from local newscasts. In 1970, CHAN-TV in Vancouver reached an agreement with CHBC to provide CTV programming to the area, via a protective service, which protected local advertisers from Vancouver advertisers with cut-ins on the second station. The full conversion to colour broadcasts was completed in 1971, when CHBC purchased a colour studio camera.
During the 1970s and 1980s, the ownership of the station changed, beginning with the purchase of CKOK's one-third ownership by general manager Roy Chapman, which they later sold to CHAN. Selkirk Communications brought CJIB, and along with it, its 33% stake. CKOV sold its stake in equal parts to both CHAN and Selkirk, which resulted in both companies each owning 50% of the station. In 1987, CHBC president and general manager Ron Evans spearheaded a campaign as part of its adopted branding as "The Okanagan's Very Own CHBC", in order to compete with the 40 television station signals that were being distributed by cable operators within the market. As a result, the station increased its local programming and advertisements, and CHBC increased its involvement in the 55 communities that it served. This commitment has been recognized and rewarded through the improvement of its ratings and nods from many industry awards; CHBC was often held-up as a Canadian model for its ability to identify with the community it served during this era.
When Maclean-Hunter took over Selkirk in 1989, CHAN's parent company Western International Communications (WIC) purchased Selkirk's stake to take full control of CHBC. In 1998, the Griffiths family's stake in WIC was sold to a joint venture between Shaw Communications and Canwest. After months of negotiations, the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) approved the split of WIC's assets between Canwest, Corus Radio and Shaw Communications. CHBC and sister station CHAN-TV were sold to Canwest in 2000. When Canwest acquired CHBC, it assumed the same role in selling advertising and providing programming, primarily from its CH television system.
As a CH/E! O&O
In late 2003, the CBC notified CHBC that it did not intend to renew its affiliation agreement with the station after it expired in August 2005. In response, the station filed an application with the CRTC in 2004 to disaffiliate from the CBC; the CRTC gave approval to the disaffiliation on February 28, 2005. CBC Television's Vancouver O&O CBUT subsequently added a new rebroadcast transmitter in Kelowna, broadcasting on UHF channel 45. After its BCI-TV partner CFJC-TV received similar approval to disaffiliate from the CBC, both stations switched affiliations on February 27, 2006 and continued the operation of BCI-TV with new programs supplied from Canwest's secondary CH television system.
CHBC was the only Canwest-owned CH station to not use the CH brand on-air, opting to brand by its call letters instead, with its newscasts being titled CHBC News. The local newscast branding remained in use following CH's rebranding as E! in 2007. All programming on CHBC outside locally produced shows were branded under the "E!" name.
In November 2008, CHBC announced that it would move the production facilities for its newscasts from its studios in Kelowna to sister station CHEK in Victoria, to be produced from a virtual set, with production being taken over by Vancouver sister CHAN-TV. In addition, the noon newscast was cancelled.
As a Global O&O
On February 5, 2009, Canwest announced it would explore "strategic options", including a possible sale, for CHBC and its other E! owned-and-operated stations, stating that "a second conventional TV network [was] no longer key to the long-term success" of the company. Although for a time it was reported that CHBC might cease operations, Canwest ultimately decided to convert it into a Global owned-and-operated station on August 31, 2009. The Global Television Network's programming was already available in the Okanagan region through CHAN-TV out of Vancouver, which has operated a semi-satellite in the region, CHKL-TV, since the early 1980s. Station management later reversed its decision to move the studio segments to Victoria due to viewer complaints. The half-hour 11:00 p.m. newscast would later be expanded to one hour to make up for the loss of the half-hour noon newscast, while the 5:00 p.m. news began with a half-hour lifestyle-oriented newscast that was anchored by Doris Janssen.
CHBC and CHAN are expected to continue to operate separately for the foreseeable future, due in large part to the two stations' highly rated local and provincial newscasts. However, the two stations' schedules and advertising are virtually identical, including local news programming outside the supper hour. More specifically, CHBC simulcasts CHAN's programming at all times, with the exception of daily Kelowna-based newscasts seen exclusively on CHBC and its scheduling of the network's national evening newscast Global National, which CHBC airs at 6:00 p.m. (whereas CHAN airs it at 5:30 p.m.). Initially, there were also very minor differences within the two stations' prime time schedules, however both CHAN and CHBC began airing a common prime time schedule by the fall of 2011 if not sooner.
On July 7, 2010, CHBC introduced a new virtual set that is controlled out of the master control facilities at CHAN's studios in Vancouver. The station dropped the E!-era graphics it used for its newscasts and implemented a package used by Global's O&Os, but the station's newscasts continued to be branded as CHBC News until April 2013, when its newscasts were retitled as Global Okanagan News.
After Canwest filed for creditor protection in October 2009, Shaw Communications purchased the broadcasting assets of Canwest; the acquisition was completed on October 27, 2010.
News operation
CHBC-DT presently broadcasts 15½ hours of locally produced newscasts each week (with 2½ hours each weekday and 1½ hours each on Saturdays and Sundays). CHBC currently produces an hour-long early evening newscast at 5:00 p.m. on weeknights, a half-hour newscast at 5:30 on Saturday and Sunday evenings, and a half-hour newscast at 6:30 and at 11:00 p.m. newscast seven nights a week (the latter airs for an hour on weeknights and a half-hour on weekends). CHBC had previously aired 22½ hours per week of local programming until September 2009. The minimum amount of local programming currently required by the station's licence as of 2009 is seven hours per week.
Due to corporate cutbacks instituted by Canwest in September 2009, CHBC stopped utilizing live newsgathering services in Vernon, Kelowna and Penticton; in addition, the station's 5:00 p.m. newscast and a weekly half-hour newsmagazine, Okanagan Now, which was dedicated to events happening around the Okanagan region, were cancelled. CHBC began broadcasting its local newscasts in high definition (over its HD feed on Shaw Cable 211) on July 6, 2011. Five days later on July 11, 2011, the station began using its live newsgathering resources once again and restored an hour-long 5:00 p.m. newscast to its schedule. Since April 2016, the hour-long news program's name was changed to Global News at 5. CHBC also has a program called Global News at 6:30 which airs after Global National. Global News at 5 was anchored by Rick Webber with Wesla Wong and Duane English alternating days on weather. Global News at 6:30 was anchored by Rick Webber and Doris Maria Bregolisse. Weather anchor Wesla Wong resigned in February 2018 and Duane English also resigned, effective April 2, 2018.
After 30 years on the air as the main news anchor, Rick Webber retired on July 31, 2019.
Technical information
Subchannel
Analog-to-digital conversion
On October 15, 2012, CHBC flash cut the digital signals of its main Kelowna transmitter and its rebroadcasters in Penticton and Vernon into operation on UHF channels 27, 32 and 20. Through the use of PSIP, digital television receivers display CHBC's virtual channel on its main transmitter as channel 2.2 (indirectly corresponding to its analogue-era VHF channel 2).
All of the station's transmitters must convert to digital broadcasts before August 31, 2016, as part of a promise that Shaw Media made to the CRTC during its acquisition of Canwest.
Transmitters
References
External links
Global Okanagan
HBC-DT
Television channels and stations established in 1957
Mass media in Kelowna
HBC-DT
Corus Entertainment
1957 establishments in British Columbia
Aleksandr Arkadyevich Shibayev (; born 5 September 1961) is a Russian professional football coach and former player.
Club career
They made their professional debut in the Soviet Second League in 1979 for FC Volga Kalinin. They played 2 games in the UEFA Cup 1986–87 for FC Spartak Moscow.
Honours
Soviet Top League runner-up: 1985.
Soviet Top League bronze: 1986.
Russian Premier League champion: 1992.
References
1961 births
Sportspeople from Tver
Living people
Soviet footballers
Russian footballers
Association football defenders
FC Spartak Moscow players
FC Vorskla Poltava players
FC Tyumen players
FC Saturn Ramenskoye players
Soviet Top League players
Russian Premier League players
Russian football managers
FC FShM Torpedo Moscow players
FC Spartak-2 Moscow players
Himali () is the newly formed rural municipality in Bajura District in the Sudurpashchim Province of Nepal. It was formed in March 2017, when Government of Nepal announced 744 local level units in line with the Constitution of Nepal 2015. It lies in the northern region of Bajura District and is also considered to be the remote place of this district.
History
It is formed by merging previous VDCs named Bichhiya, Rugin and ward no. 1 to 7 of Baddhu VDC. There is snowfall throughout the year in this region.
Himali Rural Municipality has an area of and the population of this municipality is 9,214. It is the second smallest rural municipality of Bajura district in terms of population. It is divided into 7 wards and the headquarters of this newly formed municipality is situated at Dhulachaur.
References
Rural municipalities in Bajura District
Rural municipalities of Nepal established in 2017
Ghost in the Machine is a children's horror/mystery novel by Patrick Carman, first published in 2009. It is the second book of the Skeleton Creek series, which is followed by three sequels: The Crossbones (2010), The Raven (2011), and The Phantom Room (2014). Like the other books in the series, it includes links and passwords to online videos which form an essential part of the plot.
Plot
Ghost in the Machine picks up where Skeleton Creek left off, with Ryan and Sarah trapped in the Dredge. They escape and return home, after finding out about the Crossbones, a secret society that protects the Dredge. Ryan learns that their father, Paul McCray, is one of the last ones alive. When Sarah and Ryan return home they attempt to find out as much as they can about the Crossbones. This includes, spying on Ryan's dad, and encounters with Old Joe Bush, the horrifying ghost of the Dredge. In the end, Ryan and Sarah discover that the Dredge is filled with millions of dollars worth of gold and that Henry is really insane and has been disguising themselves as Old Joe Bush.
External links
Skeleton Creek
Skeleton Creek is Real
2009 American novels
Children's mystery novels
American children's novels
2009 children's books
may refer to:
Real Onigokko, a 2001 Japanese horror novel by Yusuke Yamada
Real Onigokko, a 2008 film adaptation of the novel
"Real Onigokko" (song), theme song of the 2008 film performed by Kotoko
Tag (film) (Real Onigokko in Japanese), a 2015 film adaptation of the novel
"Real Onigokko", theme song of the 2015 film performed by Glim Spanky
See also
For the Japanese game of Onigokko, see tag (game).
Eric Von Schmidt (May 28, 1931 – February 2, 2007) was an American singer and guitarist, songwriter, painter and illustrator, and Grammy Award recipient. They were associated with the folk boom of the late 1950s and early 1960s and a key part of the Cambridge folk music scene. As a singer and guitarist, they were considered to be the leading specialist in country blues in Cambridge at the time, the counterpart of Greenwich Village's Dave Van Ronk. Von Schmidt co-authored with Jim Rooney Baby, Let Me Follow You Down: The Illustrated Story of the Cambridge Folk Years.
Biography
Von Schmidt's father, Harold von Schmidt, was a Western painter who did illustrations for the Saturday Evening Post. Von Schmidt began selling their own artwork while they were still a teenager. Following a stint in the army, they won a Fulbright scholarship to study art in Florence. They moved to Cambridge, Massachusetts, in 1957, where they painted and became part of the coffeehouse scene.
Von Schmidt shared their large repertory of traditional music, passing them along to new performers who were developing a more modern version of folk music. They influenced Tom Rush, with whom they revived and arranged the traditional song "Wasn't That a Mighty Storm?" about the 1900 hurricane that destroyed Galveston, Texas. When they met Bob Dylan, the two traded harmonica licks, drank red wine and played croquet. Dylan eagerly absorbed von Schmidt's voluminous knowledge of music, including folk, country and the blues. "I sang [Dylan] a bunch of songs, and, with that spongelike mind of his, they remembered almost all of them when they got back to New York," von Schmidt said in The Boston Globe.
Von Schmidt is widely (and erroneously) credited as the author of the song, "Baby, Let Me Follow You Down", which was for years a staple of Dylan's musical catalogue. In a spoken introduction to the song on their 1962 self-titled debut album, Dylan jokingly mentioned that they first "heard" the song from "Rick von Schmidt" and told of meeting them "in the green pastures of Harvard University." In fact, von Schmidt had adapted the song from Blind Boy Fuller and credited Reverend Gary Davis as author of "three-quarters" of the song. Their 1979 book about the Cambridge scene is titled after the song.
Among their best known and performed original compositions is the song "Joshua Gone Barbados" which depicts Ebenezer Joshua the head of labor union and head of the government of Saint Vincent (island) vacationing during a time of labor strife leading indirectly to the deaths of three men. The accuracy of Von Schmidt's characterization of Joshua's involvement in the incident has been disputed. Given that Mr. Joshua died poor and remains a revered figure on the island, their depiction in the song is probably less sympathetic than it should be. Nonetheless, the song remains a powerful evocation of the plight of the poor people of Saint Vincent.
In 1963, von Schmidt and Richard Fariña recorded in London's Dobell's Jazz Record store, with Dylan on harmonica. Two years later, The Folk Blues of Eric von Schmidt appeared atop a pile of records on the cover of Dylan's album Bringing It All Back Home.
In May 1964, Dylan visited Von Schmidt at their home in Sarasota, Florida and recorded several songs there, including an early version of "Mr. Tambourine Man". The recordings were released in 2014 as part of Dylan's "50th Anniversary Collection 1964".
In the liner notes for Von Schmidt's 1969 Smash album, Who Knocked The Brains Out Of The Sky? (SRS 67124), notes which also appeared on a cover sticker for Von Schmidt's 1972 Poppy album 2nd Right 3rd Row, Dylan wrote:
<blockquote>Of course we had heard about Eric Von Schmidt for many years. The name itself had become a password. Eventually, after standing in line to meet him, there it was – their doorstep, a rainy day, and they greeted their visitors, inviting them in. They were told how much they liked Grizzly Bear [a von Schmidt song] and they then invited the whole bunch to the club, where they were about to perform the thing live. "C'mon down to the club" they said – "I'm about to perform it live." We accepted the invitation. And that is what their record is. An invitation. An invitation to the glad, mad, sad, biting, exciting, frightening, crabby, happy, enlightening, hugging, chugging world of Eric Von Schmidt. For here is a man who can sing the bird off the wire and the rubber off the tire. They can separate the men from the boys and the note from the noise. The bridle from the saddle and the cow from the cattle. They can play the tune of the moon. The why of the sky and the commotion from the ocean. Yes they can.</blockquote>
Artist
Von Schmidt had a parallel career as a painter, and created album covers for Baez, Cisco Houston, John Renbourn, Reverend Gary Davis, the Blue Velvet Band, Jackie Washington Landron and for James Baldwin's readings. They also created the cover for The Blues Project compendium of white blues performers (Elektra EKL-264, 1964). Von Schmidt illustrated a 1973 book of twenty-five ghost stories called The Haunting of America, by Jean Anderson. In the final 30 years of their life, Von Schmidt recorded only two records, and instead focused on their art career.
Four years before their death, von Schmidt painted their last epic of American history. The canvas' subject was of Lewis and Clark's Corps of Discovery honoring its bicentennial. They also continued work on their "Giants of the Blues" series of paintings.
Von Schmidt also illustrated numerous children's books including a number of collaborations with Sid Fleischman.
Awards and legacy
Von Schmidt was known for an exuberant musical style that they liked to apply to American folk classics. "Eric's got that wild spirit, and they don't water the music down for polite society," Ramblin' Jack Elliott told The Boston Globe in 1996.
Von Schmidt's music has been recorded by Travis MacRae and Jeff Buckley. In 2000, the same year they were diagnosed with throat cancer, they were honored with the ASCAP Foundation Lifetime Achievement Award at an event fittingly held at Club Passim, their old stomping ground when it was named Club 47. The highlight of the event was a reunion of the Jim Kweskin Jug Band including Maria Muldaur, Geoff Muldaur, Fritz Richmond, and, for the first time in over twenty years, Jim Kweskin.
In 1997, they won a Grammy Award for their work on a compilation album entitled Anthology of American Folk Music, Vol. 1-3. They painted up until their death, and completed an epic mural of the Battle of the Alamo.
Von Schmidt was twice divorced and had two daughters. They suffered a stroke in August 2006, and died six months later, at the age of 75.
Discography
Albums
CompilationsCome for to Sing, Pathways of Sound, 1963The Blues Project, Elektra, 1964Folklore Jamboree, Prestige Records, 1964The Newport Folk Festival 1965, Vanguard Records, 1965Take a Trip with Me: Psychedelic Hits", Prestige Records, 197?Bleecker & McDougal: The Folk Scene of the 60s, Elektra, 1984Blues in the Bottle, Big Beat Records, 1988Troubadours of the Folk Era, Vol. 1, Rhino Records, 1992Blues with a Feeling (Newport Folk Festival Classics), Vanguard, 1993The Prestige/Folklore Years, Vol. 1, Prestige Records, 1995The Prestige/Folklore Years, Vol. 2, Prestige Records, 1995The Acoustic Highway Collection: The Road to Country Rock", EMI, 1996
Blues in the Sun, Vol. 7 (Blues Blue, Blues White): The Bluesville Years, Prestige Records, 1996
Blues with a Feeling, Part Two, Vanguard Records, 1997
Washington Square Memoirs: The Great Urban Folk Boom (1950–1970), Rhino Records, 2001
Evening at Greasy Spoon Diner, P-Vine Records, 2002
References
External links
Obituary, The Guardian, 5 February 2007.
Official Site of Harold and Eric Von Schmidt
The Band website
bobdylanroots.com
The World's Hippest Geezers
Illustrated Eric Von Schmidt discography
Interview with Eric Von Schmidt
Wasn't That A Mighty Storm lyrics
Richard & Mimi Fariña's Home Page
Obituary/New York Times
1931 births
2007 deaths
American blues guitarists
American blues singer-songwriters
American country singer-songwriters
American folk singers
American folk guitarists
American male guitarists
American male singer-songwriters
People from Westport, Connecticut
Grammy Award winners
20th-century American painters
American male painters
21st-century American painters
21st-century American male artists
20th-century American singers
20th-century American guitarists
Prestige Records artists
Transatlantic Records artists
Smash Records artists
20th-century American male singers
Singer-songwriters from Connecticut
20th-century American male artists
Penguin Island Conservation Park (formerly Penguin Island National Parks Reserve) is a protected area occupying Penguin Island and part of Cape Martin on the mainland in Rivoli Bay on the south east coast of South Australia about south of Beachport.
The land on Penguin Island became subject to protection after the decommissioning of the Penguin Island Lighthouse in 1960 due to recognition by the South Australian government of ‘the importance of Penguin Island as a seabird haven'. Initially, the island was resumed under the Crown Lands Act 1929-57 and then it was declared as a Closed Area under the Animals and Birds Protection Act 1919-1953. In 1961, the island was established as a wildlife reserve. On 9 November 1967, the entire island was proclaimed under the National Parks Act 1966 as Penguin Island National Parks Reserve. Land associated with Cape Martin was added to the protected area in 1970 and 1976 respectively.
The conservation park is classified as an IUCN Category IA protected area.
References
External links
Penguin Island Conservation Park webpage on protected planet
Conservation parks of South Australia
Protected areas established in 1963
Limestone Coast
1963 establishments in Australia
Left and Democrats (, LiD) was a centre-left electoral alliance of political parties in Poland which was created on 3 September 2006, before the Warsaw municipal election of 2006. The coalition's aim was to provide an alternative for both Law and Justice and Civic Platform, which have been Poland's two major political parties since 2005. LiD contested their first national election in October, 2007 and won 53 seats to the Polish parliament, the Sejm. The LiD alliance was dissolved in April 2008, following a rift between the member parties.
Origins
On September 15, 2006, the Coalition Election Committee was officially appointed under the name of "SLD+SdPl+PD+UP – Lewica i Demokraci" (containing the abbreviations for all the member parties as well as the name 'Leftists and Democrats'). The four member parties were:
Democratic Left Alliance (SLD), social-democratic
Social Democracy of Poland (SDPL), social-democratic
Labour Union (UP), social-democratic
Democratic Party – demokraci.pl (PD), social-liberal
At the beginning, the coalition was created only to enter candidates in regional councils. However, later it functioned during elections to many other, smaller units of local government, such as mayorships and town councils.
The September 2006 Agreement that founded the coalition accused the then incumbent government, led by the Law and Justice party, of causing an erosion of democracy in Poland. Wojciech Olejniczak, the chairperson of Democratic Left Alliance, argued that the only true alternative to Law and Justice would be a coalition of the centre and left parties, alleging that Civic Platform, then the largest opposition party in the Polish Sejm, was too close politically to the Law and Justice Party.
The party's founding act also emphasized such elements as local government, Poland as part of an "open and modern Europe", protection of democratic institutions and separation of powers, opposition to a "closed" foreign policy, and support for pluralism and tolerance as the hallmarks of a democratic society.
Polish local elections, 2006
Platform
Parties creating the coalition decided to follow three main principles in the lead up to the 2006 local elections:
Civil and democratic local government – self-government authorities have to apply to their constitutional and legal principles completely and according to law. Powers of the local authority should be extended at the cost of the central – national authority.
Solidary in local government - actions, which are performed by self-government authorities should be based on the rule of social solidarity, based on the tenet that all citizens should have access to essential public services.
Clear and honest local government – local cliques, corruption, corrupt restrictions and violations of law in local government should be put to an end. Actions of the local authority should be clear and comprehensible to every citizen.
Candidates for Mayors
This table includes all candidates officially affiliated with, or supported by, the coalition in the 2006 local elections.
Comparison of the Results of the 2006 Elections
Polish parliamentary elections, 2007
Although the coalition was initially conceived as a temporary electoral alliance for the 2006 local elections, cooperation between the parties continued, and on January 18, 2007, a Political Negotiating Committee headed by former Polish President Aleksander Kwaśniewski was created, for the purpose of clarifying a common centre-left political program.
The members of the Political Negotiating Committee were:
Aleksander Kwaśniewski, former President of Poland (non-party)
Wojciech Olejniczak, Chairman of the Democratic Left Alliance (SLD)
Jerzy Szmajdziński, Chairman of SLD Parliamentary Caucus (SLD)
Marek Borowski, Chairman of Social Democracy (SDPL)
Waldemar Witkowski, Chairman of the Labour Union (UP)
Janusz Onyszkiewicz, Chairman of the Democratic Party (PD)
LiD contested their first national elections in October, 2007. Aleksander Kwaśniewski led the campaign, as the nominal head of the coalition, and its candidate for Prime Minister. LiD managed to take 13.2% of the national vote, and 53 seats, therefore achieving third place after the Civic Platform & Law and Justice parties, respectively. Of the 53 seats gained, the SLD took 37 seats, SDPL took 10, PD took 1, whilst non-party candidates took 5 seats (3 candidates were affiliated with the SLD and 2 affiliated with PD). The 4th coalition partner, the UP, did not win any seats. LiD did not manage to elect any of its members to the upper house Senate. Following the elections, LiD was not invited to participate in the coalition of the victorious Civic Platform with the agrarian Polish People's Party (PSL). Nevertheless, LiD held some leverage in the new Sejm, as the government on occasion needed its votes to overturn presidential vetoes on government legislation. Kwaśniewski announced their resignation from the leadership of LiD, following the outcome of the election.
LiD Parliamentary parliamentary group (2007-2008)
Wojciech Olejniczak (SLD) - Parliamentary Chairman
Wacław Martyniuk (SLD) - Parliamentary Secretary
Jerzy Szmajdziński (SLD) - Vice-Marshall of the Sejm
Romuald Ajchler (SDPL)
Leszek Aleksandrzak (SLD)
Bartosz Arłukowicz (SDPL)
Marek Balicki (SDPL)
Anna Bańkowska (SDPL)
Anita Błochowiak (SLD)
Marek Borowski (SDPL)
Andrzej Celiński (SDPL)
Eugeniusz Czykwin (SLD)
Marian Filar (independent, affiliated with PD)
Tomasz Garbowski (SLD)
Witold Gintowt-Dziewałtowski (SLD)
Henryk Gołębiewski (SLD)
Tadeusz Iwiński (SLD)
Zdzisława Janowska (SDPL)
Izabela Jaruga-Nowacka (independent, affiliated with SLD)
Ryszard Kalisz (SLD)
Tomasz Kamiński (SLD)
Witold Klepacz (SLD)
Jan Kochanowski (SLD)
Sławomir Kopyciński (SLD)
Bożena Kotkowska (SDPL)
Janusz Krasoń (SLD)
Bogdan Lis (PD)
Krystyna Łybacka (SLD)
Zbigniew Matuszczak (SLD)
Jarosław Matwiejuk (independent, affiliated with SLD)
Krzysztof Matyjaszczyk (SLD)
Henryk Milcarz (SLD)
Tadeusz Motowidło (SLD)
Grzegorz Napieralski (SLD)
Artur Ostrowski (SLD)
Grzegorz Pisalski (SDPL)
Wojciech Pomajda (independent, affiliated with SLD)
Stanisława Prządka (SLD)
Stanisław Rydzoń (SLD)
Joanna Senyszyn (SLD)
Izabella Sierakowska (SDPL)
Stanisław Stec (SLD)
Elżbieta Streker-Dembińska (SLD)
Wiesław Szczepański (SLD)
Jolanta Szymanek-Deresz (SLD)
Tadeusz Tomaszewski (SLD)
Jerzy Wenderlich (SLD)
Jan Widacki (independent, affiliated with PD)
Marek Wikiński (SLD)
Bogusław Wontor (SLD)
Stanisław Wziątek (SLD)
Ryszard Zbrzyzny (SLD)
Janusz Zemke (SLD)
Dissolution
There were several factors which led to the collapse of the LiD alliance. One of the issues was the internal disappointment with the alliance's performance in the 2007 elections. Some groups within the leading SLD party perceived that the main beneficiaries of the alliance were the SDPL and PD parties, whilst the SLD parliamentary representation dropped from 55 to 40 seats, when compared to the 2005 election. In the view of this group, SLD could have performed just as well or better outside of LiD. Another issue was the ideological and policy differences between the social-democratic parties (SLD, SDPL, UP) and the liberal-centrist PD. Whilst the social democrats were largely opposed to the proposed Missile Defence system project under negotiation between Poland and the U.S, the PD supported the move. The left also supported more liberal abortion laws and a more critical position of the Roman Catholic Church in Poland, whilst the PD had concerns with this direction. Furthermore, there were suspicions within the smaller parties (SDPL, PD) as to SLD's strength and domination of LiD, whilst many of SLD's rank and file members were unhappy with being in alliance with SDPL, which was an offshoot party created through a very public and divisive split within SLD in 2004.
On 29 March 2008, SLD leader Wojciech Olejniczak, surprised their allies by issuing a media release announcing that the alliance between SLD and PD was over, as the SLD was unable to work with PD any longer. This essentially meant that the SLD was ejecting PD from the LiD alliance, without having consulted them or the other constituent LiD parties. This decision drew sharp criticism, not only from the PD, but also Aleksander Kwaśniewski, SDPL leader Marek Borowski and even from within the SLD itself. Olejniczak was one of the architects of LiD and one of its strongest defenders within the SLD. Commentators of the Polish political scene generally explain the motivation of the course of action taken by Olejniczak and their supporters, as relating to the impending battle for the leadership of the party at the SLD June party conference, between Olejniczak themselves and the party general-secretary, Grzegorz Napieralski, who dominated the SLD left-wing and was known for their LiD-sceptic views.
Although Olejniczak indicated their hope that the LiD parliamentary caucus would remain intact irrespective of the LiD/PD split, on April 1, the 3 PD parliamentarians left the LiD caucus, to form a separate parliamentary group. After the SDPL leadership consulted on how that party should respond to the crisis within LiD, Borowski announced their party's support for a resumption of talks between all parties, with the aim of rebuilding LiD, to the satisfaction of all parties concerned. This proposal was rejected by the SLD, and consequently, on 19 April Borowski announced their party's withdrawal from LiD. On 23 April, 8 out of 10 SDPL's M.P's, left the LiD caucus, to form the separate grouping called SDPL-New Left (SDPL-Nowa Lewica). The remainder of LiD M.P's (40 from SLD and 2 from SDPL) renamed themselves "Lewica" - The Left, and the LiD alliance formally came to an end.
External links
Platform of 'Agreement of the Left and Democrats'
Vocation Act
Official site of Democratic Left Alliance (SLD)
Official site of Labour Union (UP)
Official site of Social Democracy of Poland (SdPl)
Official site of Democratic Party (PD)
Centrolew.pl
References
2006 establishments in Poland
2008 disestablishments in Poland
Defunct political party alliances in Poland
Defunct social democratic parties in Poland
Democratic Left Alliance
Liberal parties in Poland
Political parties disestablished in 2008
Political parties established in 2006
Social liberal parties
The ancient Egyptian Bull (hieroglyph), Gardiner sign listed no. E1, is the representation of the common bull. The bull motif is dominant in protodynastic times (see Bull Palette), and also has prominence in the early dynastic Egypt, famously on the Narmer Palette.
Its phonetic value is kꜣ (Egyptological pronunciation "ka").
bull hieroglyph is sometimes reinforced with a complementary hieroglyph, the "arm with stick of authority" (D40), E1:D40 (see photo, Deir el-Bahari).
See also
Ka (Egyptian soul)
References
Budge, (1920), 1978. An Egyptian Hieroglyphic Dictionary, E.A.Wallace Budge, (Dover Publications), c 1978, (c 1920), Dover edition, 1978. (In two volumes, 1314 pp. and cliv-(154) pp.) (softcover, )
Budge E.A.Wallace Budge, Dover edition, 1991; Original: c 1911 as: A Hieroglyphic Vocabulary to the Theban Recension of the Book of the Dead with an Index to All the English Equivalents of the Egyptian Words, (Kegan Paul, etc. Ltd, London, publisher). Dover: (softcover, )
Egyptian hieroglyphs: mammals
Clearwater Christian College (CCC) was a non-denominational Christian college in Clearwater, Florida on Tampa Bay from 1966 until 2015.
Student life
Clearwater Christian College students were composed of roughly 80% residence hall students and 20% commuters, and there were a variety of student activities and organizations for all students to participate in. There were Greek letter organizations, student government, intramural sports, fine arts groups, yearbook, political club, a student newspaper, and other opportunities.
The CCC intercollegiate athletics teams, known as the Cougars, participated in the National Christian College Athletic Association (NCCAA) Division II. The women's volleyball team won 13 national titles, including eight in a row during 2006-2013. The men's soccer team also won back-to-back national titles in 2009 and 2010. The women's soccer team won the 2012 and 2014 national title.
Clearwater was conservative and maintained student guidelines including a modest dress code, regulation of facial hair, limited physical contact between the sexes, and chapel attendance three times per week. Student rooms were inspected weekly for cleanliness, and a "white glove" inspection was performed once a semester. The college used a relational approach to discipline in order to facilitate a spirit of growth and restoration whenever possible.
Academics
CCC was known as a Christ-centered liberal arts college with a general education curriculum in the arts and sciences plus an embedded Bible minor for all students. The most popular majors were business, elementary education, and general studies, but there was increasing demand for the programs in the division of science: biology, pre-med, exercise and sport science, psychology, and mathematics. Education majors earned Florida state certification. The interdisciplinary studies major was available for students who wished to focus on two academic disciplines without having to assume the coursework of a double major.
Clearwater Christian College had an agreement with the nearby University of South Florida (USF) to offer its students ROTC programs in Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marines.
Study abroad
Clearwater encouraged its students to participate in study abroad and missions trips. In the final years of operation, the college offered study abroad trips for college credit during spring break and summer break to Austria, Costa Rica, England, France, Greece, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Scotland, and Wales. As a faith-based institution committed to serving God, CCC sponsored missions trips to international locations. Faculty, staff, and students ministered across the globe in Argentina, Brazil, China, Jamaica, Mexico, the Philippines, South Africa, Turkey, and Thailand.
Beliefs
Clearwater Christian College was a denominationally unaffiliated Christian college; however most of their faculty, staff, and students came from various Baptist and independent Bible church backgrounds. The college's doctrinal statement focused on the historic fundamentals of Protestant Christianity.
Students were required to attend Sunday services, chapel services, and spend time in Christian service. Small group, student-led devotional times occurred twice a week for prayer and peer edification, for all resident students.
History
In July 1965, Arthur E. Steele went to Florida looking for a place to found a Christian college, as a reaction to what the founders saw as trends in evangelical colleges away from biblical standards of morality. The school would emphasize doctrine and personal soul-winning, and was a reaction against the ecumenical movement, new evangelicalism, and ecumenical evangelism. Evangelist Jack Murray supported the founding as chairperson of the Advisory Council. These two founders were both graduates of Faith Theological Seminary, and had each served as a president of Shelton College.
Steele found Clearwater, Florida to be an ideal place to found a college. They soon acquired waterfront at the eastern entrance of Clearwater. On September 17, 1966, the college officially opened with 15 students enrolled.
Clearwater Christian College received full accreditation from the Commission on Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools (SACS-COC) in December 1984 and in 1998 gained reaffirmation for SACS-COC accreditation.
In January 1987, the Board of Directors named George D. Youstra to succeed Steele as president. In the following years, enrollment tripled, new buildings were added, 89 additional acres of property were acquired, and new programs were offered.
In May 2002, Richard A. Stratton assumed the presidency.
In the summer 2008, the College began its first graduate program in the area of Educational Leadership, and the Florida Department of Education granted full approval for Elementary Education graduates to be certified with a reading endorsement.
On May 7, 2012, John F. Klem became the fifth president of Clearwater Christian College. However, the economic downturn across America caused student enrollment to drop significantly.
On June 5, 2015, the board of directors of the College announced the closure of Clearwater Christian College effective immediately, citing "ongoing struggles with maintaining enrollment, rising costs, and challenging development efforts" as reasons for the decision.
Accreditation and memberships
Clearwater Christian College was accredited by the Commission on Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools to award Associate of Arts, Associate of Science, Bachelor of Arts, Bachelor of Science, and Master of Education degrees.
CCC had been given Teacher Education Program Approval by the Florida Department of Education.
Clearwater was a member of the following groups:
American Association of Christian Colleges and Seminaries (AACCS)
Council of Independent Colleges (CIC)
Florida Association of Colleges and Universities (FACU)
Florida Association for Colleges of Teacher Education (FACTE)
Florida Independent College Fund (FICF)
Greater Clearwater Chamber of Commerce (GCCC)
Independent Colleges and Universities of Florida (ICUF)
National Christian College Athletic Association (NCCAA)
Online Computer Library Center (OCLC)
Safety Harbor Chamber of Commerce (SHCC)
Southern Association of Collegiate Registrars and Admissions Officers (SACRAO)
Tampa Bay Library Consortium (TBLC)
Independent Fundamental Churches of America (IFCA)
References
External links
Clearwater Christian College Facebook Page
Nondenominational Christian universities and colleges
Educational institutions established in 1966
Liberal arts colleges in Florida
Universities and colleges accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools
Buildings and structures in Clearwater, Florida
Education in Pinellas County, Florida
1966 establishments in Florida
Defunct private universities and colleges in Florida
Parc Bazilescu is a metro station in northern Bucharest, serving Bucharest Metro Line M4. The station was opened on 1 July 2011 as part of the extension from 1 Mai. On 31 March 2017 the line was extended to Straulesti.
References
Bucharest Metro stations
Railway stations opened in 2011
2011 establishments in Romania
The minister of Greyfriars Kirk is a position within the Church of Scotland's Presbytery of Edinburgh. The current minister of Greyfriars Kirk is Richard Frazer, who was admitted in 2003.
Greyfriars originated in 1598, when Robert Rollock and Peter Hewat were appointed ministers of the South West Parish of Edinburgh, then meeting in the Upper Tolbooth portion of St Giles'. The charge of Greyfriars continued with two ministers until 1840, when St John's Church, Victoria Street, was erected and the last minister of the second charge, Thomas Guthrie became the first minister of the new church. New Greyfriars was erected in 1722 and occupied the western half of the kirk. It was a sole charge served by one minister. In 1929, the congregations of Old and New Greyfriars united under one minister. Both churches were burgh churches, meaning that the town council held the right to nominate the churches' ministers.
Since the establishment of the South-West Parish in 1598, 75 ministers have served the congregation: 40 in Old Greyfriars, 30 in New Greyfriars, and five in the united charge. Three ministers of Old Greyfriars were elected moderator of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland during their incumbencies: George Kay in 1755, William Robertson in 1763, John Inglis in 1804. Two ministers of New Greyfriars were elected to this role during their incumbencies: Robert Henry in 1774 and James Nicoll Ogilvie in 1918. In 2003, Alison Elliot, an elder of Greyfriars, was elected to serve as moderator of the 2004 General Assembly. Elliot was the first woman moderator and the first lay person to hold the office since George Buchanan in 1567. Other notable ministers of Greyfriars include the Covenanters, Robert Douglas, Robert Traill, and Gilbert Rule; the statesman, William Carstares; the philanthropist, Thomas Guthrie; and the liturgical reformer, Robert Lee.
Old Greyfriars
The first congregation of Greyfriars began as the South West Parish of Edinburgh, which met in the Upper Tolbooth portion of St Giles'. In 1620, the congregation moved to the newly-built Greyfriars Kirk. The designation Old Greyfriars was adopted after the erection of New Greyfriars in the western half of the Greyfriars building in 1722.
The congregation was served by two ministers until 1840, when St John's Church on Victoria Street was erected and the minister of the collegiate charge, Thomas Guthrie, became the first minister of the new church. Old Greyfriars was a burgh church of the city of Edinburgh, meaning that, until the abolition of patronage in the Church of Scotland in 1874, the town council held the right to nominate the churches' ministers.
Ministers of the first charge
Ministers of the second charge
New Greyfriars
After an explosion destroyed part of Greyfriars in 1718, the town council decided to rebuild the church to accommodate two congregations. The western half of the church was occupied by New Greyfriars, which opened on 31 December 1722. In its earliest days, the congregation was also known as Wester Greyfriars.
Like Old Greyfriars, New Greyfriars was a burgh church and, prior to the abolition of patronage in the Church of Scotland in 1874, the town council held the right to nominate the minister. Unlike Old Greyfriars, the congregation was a sole charge served by one minister. The town council often appointed promising ministers to the sole charge of New Greyfriars on the understanding that they would be promoted to one of the city's two-charge churches soon afterwards. For this reason, many ministers of New Greyfriars served relatively short incumbencies.
Greyfriars
After the death of Samuel Dunlop in 1928, no new minister was appointed to Old Greyfriars and the charges of Old and New Greyfriars were united as Greyfriars with William Wallace Dunlop Gardiner, the last minister of New Greyfriars, becoming the first minister of the united congregation. The partition between Old and New Greyfriars was demolished and the church was restored as one sanctuary between 1932 and 1938 under the architect Henry F. Kerr.
Lady Yester's Kirk united with Greyfriars in 1938 and, after Gardiner's departure in 1940, Greyfriars and the New North Church united in 1941; Duncan William Park Strang, the last minister of the New North Church, became minister of Greyfriars.
When Highland, Tolbooth, St John's united with Greyfriars in 1979, Ewen Angus MacLean, the last minister of Highland, Tolbooth, St John's, became minister of the united charge, which adopted the name Greyfriars, Tolbooth, and Highland Kirk. After Greyfriars, Highland, Tolbooth united with Kirk o' Field Parish Church in 2013, the name reverted to "Greyfriars".
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
Dunlop, A. Ian (1988). The Kirks of Edinburgh: 1560-1984. Scottish Record Society.
Steele, Alan (1993). The Kirk of the Greyfriars, Edinburgh. Society of Friends of the Kirk of the Greyfriars.
External links
Greyfriars Kirk
Church of Scotland
Lists of clerics
History of the Church of Scotland
History of Edinburgh
Presbyterianism in Scotland
Jake Paul vs. Tyron Woodley was a professional boxing match between YouTuber Jake Paul and mixed martial artist Tyron Woodley. The bout took place on August 29, 2021, at the Rocket Mortgage FieldHouse in Cleveland, Ohio.
Background
It was announced on May 20, 2021, that YouTuber-turned-professional boxer Jake Paul had signed a promotional deal with American television network Showtime, an agreement that would see their next bout aired on the network. Their fight against former UFC Welterweight Champion Tyron Woodley was announced on July 12, 2021, with the venue and date set to be in Paul's hometown of Cleveland on August 29, 2021.
Prior to the bout, Paul had compiled a record of 3–0 (3 KOs) as a professional boxer, and was coming off a first-round technical knockout victory on April 17, 2021 against former mixed martial artist Ben Askren, who similar to Woodley had also previously competed in the UFC. For their part, Woodley made their debut as a professional boxer against Paul, and had most recently competed as a mixed martial artist on March 27, 2021, at UFC 260, when they suffered a first-round submission defeat against Vicente Luque. The defeat against Luque was Woodley's fourth consecutive loss as a mixed martial artist.
Fight card
Broadcasting
Fight purses
According to the Ohio State Athletic Commission, both Paul and Woodley earned an official purse of $2,000,000. These figures don't include any additional bonuses or PPV profits.
Guaranteed base purses
Jake Paul ($2,000,000) vs. Tyron Woodley ($2,000,000)
Amanda Serrano ($75,000) vs. Yamileth Mercado ($45,000)
Daniel Dubois ($100,000) vs. Joe Cusumano ($111,000)
Montana Love ($60,000) vs. Ivan Baranchyk ($60,000)
Tommy Fury ($15,000) vs. Anthony Taylor ($40,000)
Charles Conwell ($80,000) vs. Juan Carlos Rubio ($20,000)
Rematch
After the match, Jake Paul made a bet with Woodley that if they got the tattoo, they would have a rematch, Woodley later got the tattoo on their middle finger, and Jake responded with a piece of paper saying "I Love You Too." However, Paul instead called out Tommy Fury to a fight.
On October 29, 2021, it was announced that Jake was going to fight Tommy Fury. However, on December 6, it was announced that Fury pulled out due to a rib injury, and Tyron Woodley stepped in their place for a rematch.
References
Boxing matches
2021 in boxing
2021 in sports in Ohio
August 2021 sports events in the United States
Boxing in Ohio
Boxing on Showtime
Events in Cleveland
Pay-per-view boxing matches
Sports competitions in Cleveland
Crossover boxing events
Staroilikovo () is a rural locality (a selo) in Kileyevsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 147 as of 2010. There are 2 streets.
Geography
Staroilikovo is located 19 km north of Bakaly (the district's administrative centre) by road. Novoilikovo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
is a Japanese field hockey player. They competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1931 births
Possibly living people
Field hockey players at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Japanese male field hockey players
Olympic field hockey players of Japan
Sportspeople from Osaka Prefecture
Lorraine Mercer is a British thalidomide survivor, painter, lace maker, and carriage driver with the RDA.
Mercer was a representative of the global thalidomide community as a bearer of the Olympic Torch in 2012 for their country. Them chariot was adapted to carry the Olympic torch safely above their head away from the oxygen they need.
In 2015, Mercer received an MBE for community services at the local hospital with the lonely in Mid Sussex.
References
British painters
Living people
Members of the Order of the British Empire
People from Haywards Heath
Year of birth missing (living people)
British people with disabilities
W.A.K.O. World Championships 2013 in Antalya were held at the Maritim Pine resort in Antalya, Turkey from Monday, November 30 to Sunday, December 8, 2013.
Overall Medals Standing (Top 5)
References
WAKO Amateur World Championships events
2013 in kickboxing
A spider bite, also known as arachnidism, is an injury resulting from the bite of a spider. The effects of most bites are not serious. Most bites result in mild symptoms around the area of the bite. Rarely they may produce a necrotic skin wound or severe pain.
Most spiders do not cause bites that are of importance. For a bite to be significant, substantial envenomation is required. Bites from the widow spiders involve a neurotoxic venom which produces a condition known as latrodectism. Symptoms may include pain which may be at the bite or involve the chest and abdomen, sweating, muscle cramps and vomiting among others. Bites from the recluse spiders cause the condition loxoscelism, in which local necrosis of the surrounding skin and widespread breakdown of red blood cells may occur. Headaches, vomiting and a mild fever may also occur. Other spiders that can cause significant bites include the Australian funnel-web spider and South American wandering spider.
Efforts to prevent bites include clearing clutter and the use of pesticides. Most spider bites are managed with supportive care such as nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (including ibuprofen) for pain and antihistamines for itchiness. Opioids may be used if the pain is severe. While an antivenom exists for black widow spider venom, it is associated with anaphylaxis and therefore not commonly used in the United States. Antivenom against funnel web spider venom improves outcomes. Surgery may be required to repair the area of injured skin from some recluse bites.
Spider bites may be overdiagnosed or misdiagnosed. In many reports of spider bites it is unclear if a spider bite actually occurred. Historically a number of conditions were attributed to spider bites. In the Middle Ages a condition claimed to arise from spider bites was tarantism, where people danced wildly. While necrosis has been attributed to the bites of a number of spiders, good evidence only supports this for recluse spiders.
Signs and symptoms
Almost all spiders are venomous, but not all spider bites result in the injection of venom. Pain from non-venomous bites, so-called "dry bites", typically lasts for 5 to 60 minutes while pain from envenomating spider bites may last for longer than 24 hours. Bleeding also may occur with a bite. Signs of a bacterial infection due to a spider bite occur infrequently (0.9%).
A study of 750 definite spider bites in Australia indicated that 6% of spider bites cause significant effects, the vast majority of these being redback spider bites causing significant pain lasting more than 24 hours. Activation of the sympathetic nervous system can lead to sweating, high blood pressure and gooseflesh.
Most recluse spider bites are minor with little or no necrosis. However, a small number of bites produce necrotic skin lesions. First pain and tenderness at the site begin. The redness changes over two to three days to a bluish sinking patch of dead skin—the hallmark of necrosis. The wound heals slowly over months but usually completely. Rarely, bites may cause widespread symptoms, with occasional fatalities.
There are a few spiders that can bite human skin and cause a skin reaction, but spiders are blamed for many more reactions. In particular the misdiagnosis of infections and other skin ailments are commonly attributed to brown recluses.
Cause
Spiders do not feed on humans and typically bites occur as a defense mechanism. This can occur from unintentional contact or trapping of the spider. Most spiders have fangs too small to penetrate human skin. Most bites by species large enough for their bites to be noticeable will have no serious medical consequences.
Medically significant spider venoms include various combinations and concentrations of necrotic agents, neurotoxins, and pharmacologically active compounds such as serotonin. Worldwide only two spider venoms have impact on humans—those of the widow and recluse spiders. Unlike snake and scorpion envenomation, widow and recluse species bites rarely have fatal consequences. In addition to the widespread widow and recluse spiders, some spider families found exclusively in remote tropical regions have a lethal neurotoxic venom: the wandering spider in Brazil and the funnel web in Australia. However, due to limited contact between these spiders and humans, deaths have always been rare, and since the introduction of anti-venom in Australia, there have been no funnel web related deaths.
Pathophysiology
A primary concern of the bite of a spider is the effect of its venom. A spider envenomation occurs whenever a spider injects venom into the skin. Not all spider bites involve injection of venom, and the amount of venom injected can vary based on the type of spider and the circumstances of the encounter. The mechanical injury from a spider bite is not a serious concern for humans. However, it is generally the toxicity of spider venom that poses the most risk to human beings; several spiders are known to have venom that can cause injury to humans in the amounts that a spider could inject when biting.
While venoms are by definition toxic substances, most spiders do not have venom that is directly toxic (in the quantities delivered) to require medical attention and, of those that do, severity is typically mild.
Spider venoms work on one of two fundamental principles; they are either neurotoxic (attacking the nervous system) or necrotic (attacking tissues surrounding the bite). In some cases, the venom affects vital organs and systems. The venoms of the widow spiders, Brazilian wandering spider and Australian funnel-web are neurotoxic. Heart muscle damage is an unusual complication of widow venom that may lead to death. Pulmonary edema, which is fluid accumulation in the lungs, is a feared and potentially serious but uncommon complication of funnel-web venom. Recluse and South African sand spider venoms are necrotic. Recluse venom may also cause severe hemolysis (destruction of red blood cells), though this is typically uncommon.
Diagnosis
Reliable diagnoses of spider bites require three conditions: first, there should be clinical effects of the bite at the time or soon afterwards, although there are no symptoms universally diagnostic of a spider bite, and bites by some spiders, e.g. Loxosceles species, may initially be painless; second, the spider should be collected, either at the time of the bite or immediately afterwards; and third, the spider should be identified by an expert arachnologist.
Spider bites are commonly misdiagnosed. A review published in 2016 showed that 78% of 134 published medical case studies of supposed spider bites did not meet the necessary criteria for a spider bite to be verified. In the case of the two genera with the highest reported number of bites, Loxosceles and Latrodectus, spider bites were not verified in over 90% of the reports. Even when verification had occurred, details of the treatment and its effects were often lacking. Unverified bite reports likely represent many other conditions, both infectious and non-infectious, which can be confused with spider bites. Many of these conditions are far more common and more likely to be the source of necrotic wounds. An affected person may think that a wound is a spider bite when it is actually an infection with methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA). False reports of spider bites in some cases have led to misdiagnosis and mistreatment, with potentially life-threatening consequences.
Prevention
Efforts to prevent bites include clearing clutter and the use of pesticides.
OSHA recommends that workers take following measures to prevent spider bite:
Wear a long-sleeved shirt, hat, gloves, and boots when handling boxes, firewood, lumber, rocks, etc.
Inspect and shake out clothing and shoes before getting dressed.
Use insect repellents, such as DEET or Picaridin, on clothing and footwear.
Management
Most spider bites are harmless, and require no specific treatment. Treatment of bites may depend on the type of spider; thus, capture of the spider—either alive, or in a well-preserved condition, is useful.
Treatment of spider bites includes washing the wound with soap and water and ice to reduce inflammation. Analgesics and antihistamines may be used; however, antibiotics are not recommended unless there is also a bacterial infection present. Black widow post-envenomation treatment seeks to control resulting pain and nausea.
In the case of bites by widow spiders, Australian funnel-web spiders, or Brazilian wandering spiders, medical attention should be sought immediately as in some cases the bites of these spiders develop into a medical emergency. Antivenom is available for severe widow and funnel-web envenomation.
Necrosis
In almost all cases, recluse bites are self-limited and typically heal without any medical intervention. Recommendations to limit the extent of damage include elevation and immobilization of the affected limb, application of ice. Both local wound care, and tetanus prophylaxis, are simple standards. There is no established treatment for more extensive necrosis. Many therapies have been used including hyperbaric oxygen, dapsone, antihistamines (e.g., cyproheptadine), antibiotics, dextran, glucocorticoids, vasodilators, heparin, nitroglycerin, electric shock, curettage, surgical excision, and antivenom. None of these treatments conclusively show benefit. Studies have shown surgical intervention is ineffective and may worsen outcome. Excision may delay wound healing, cause abscesses, and lead to objectionable scarring.
Dapsone, an antibiotic, is commonly used in the United States and Brazil for the treatment of necrosis. There have been conflicting reports with some supporting its efficacy and others have suggested it should no longer be used routinely, if at all.
Antivenom
Use of antivenom for severe spider bites may be indicated, especially in the case of neurotoxic venoms. Effective antivenoms exist for Latrodectus, Atrax, and Phoneutria venom. Antivenom in the United States is in intravenous form but is rarely used, as anaphylactic reaction to the antivenom has resulted in deaths. In Australia, antivenom in intramuscular form was once commonly used, but use has declined. In 2014 some doubt as to antivenom effectiveness has been raised. In South America an antivenom is available for Loxosceles bites, and it appears antivenom may be the most promising therapy for recluse bites. However, in experimental trials recluse antivenom is more effective when given early, and patients often do not present for 24 or more hours after envenomation, possibly limiting the effect of such intervention.
Epidemiology
Estimating the number of spider bites that occur is difficult as the spider involvement may not be confirmed or identified. Several researchers recommend only evaluating verified bites: those that have an eyewitness to the bite, the spider is brought in, and identified by expert. With "suspected arachnidism" the diagnosis came without a spider positively identified.
Africa
Several Latrodectus species (button spiders) live in Africa. South Africa also has six-eyed sand spiders (Hexophthalma species), whose bite may potentially cause skin necrosis. Physicians are advised that the diagnosis may be difficult without a spider.
Australia
Bites by the redbacks (Latrodectus hasselti) number a few thousand yearly throughout the country. Antivenom use is frequent but declining. Children may have fewer complications from bites. Funnel web spider bites are few 30–40 per year and 10% requiring intervention. The Sydney funnel web and related species are only on the east coast of Australia.
Europe
In Switzerland about ten to one hundred spider bites occur per one million people per year. During epidemics of latrodectism from the European black widow upwards of 150 bites a year were documented.
North America
The American Association of Poison Control Centers reported that they received calls regarding nearly 10,000 spider bites in 1994. The spiders of most concern in North America are brown recluse spiders, with nearly 1,500 bites in 2013 and black widow spiders with 1,800 bites. The native habitat of brown recluse spiders is in the southern and central United States, as far north as Iowa. Encounters with brown recluse outside this native region are very rare and bites are thought to be suspect. A dozen major complications were reported in 2013.
South America
Numerous spider bites are recorded in Brazil with 5000+ annually. Loxosceles species are responsible for the majority of reports. Accidents are concentrated in the southern state of Parana with rates as high as 1 per 1,000 people. Bite from Phoneutria (Brazilian wandering spider) number in the thousands with most being mild. Severe effects are noted in 0.5% of cases, mostly in children.
History
Recorded treatment from the 1890s for spider bites in general was rubbing in tobacco juice to the bitten skin, similar to some of the traditional uses of the tobacco plant for various bites and stings from Central and South America. Wild dancing and music was the cure for tarantism—the frenzy was believed to arise from the bite of a spider. An antivenom was developed against wolf spiders in Brazil and used for decades. Wolf spiders have since been exonerated—they never caused illness.
See also
ArachnoServer database
Raventoxin
Vanillotoxin
References
External links
Medical Journal of Australia article gives statistics on the most frequent biters and the most serious bites.
CDC – Venomous Spiders – NIOSH Workplace Safety and Health Topic
Animal attacks
Parasitic infestations, stings, and bites of the skin
Toxic effects of venomous animals
Spiders and humans
King of Chinatown is a 1939 American crime film directed by Nick Grinde and written by Lillie Hayward and Irving Reis. The film stars Anna May Wong, Akim Tamiroff, J. Carrol Naish, Sidney Toler, Philip Ahn, Anthony Quinn and Bernadene Hayes. The film was released on March 17, 1939, by Paramount Pictures.
Plot
Violence and death stalk the Chinese of a big American city, but one man, Dr. Chang Ling, and their daughter, Dr. Mary Ling, defy the racketeers who are responsible, and, against terrific odds, bring peace to their oppressed neighbors.
Cast
Anna May Wong as Dr. Mary Ling
Akim Tamiroff as Frank Baturin
J. Carrol Naish as Professor
Sidney Toler as Dr. Chang Ling
Philip Ahn as Robert 'Bob' Li
Anthony Quinn as Mike Gordon
Bernadene Hayes as Dolly Warren
Roscoe Karns as 'Rip' Harrigan
Ray Mayer as 'Potatoes'
Richard Denning as Protective Association Henchman
Archie Twitchell as Hospital Interne
Eddie Marr as Henchman Bert
George Anderson as Detective
Charles B. Wood as Henchman Red
George Magrill as Second Gangster
Charles Trowbridge as Dr. Jones
Lily King as Chinese Woman
Wong Chung as Chinese Man
Chester Gan as Mr. Foo
Pat West as Fight Announcer
Guy Usher as Investigator
References
External links
1939 films
1930s English-language films
Paramount Pictures films
American crime films
1939 crime films
Films directed by Nick Grinde
American black-and-white films
1930s American films
In mathematics, and more specifically in the theory of C*-algebras, the noncommutative tori Aθ, also known as irrational rotation algebras for irrational values of θ, form a family of noncommutative C*-algebras which generalize the algebra of continuous functions on the 2-torus. Many topological and geometric properties of the classical 2-torus have algebraic analogues for the noncommutative tori, and as such they are fundamental examples of a noncommutative space in the sense of Alain Connes.
Definition
For any real number θ, the noncommutative torus is the C*-subalgebra of , the algebra of bounded linear operators of square-integrable functions on the unit circle , generated by two unitary operators where is the parametrization of the point on the circle in . A quick calculation shows that VU = e−2π i θUV.
Alternative characterizations
Universal property: Aθ can be defined (up to isomorphism) as the universal C*-algebra generated by two unitary elements U and V satisfying the relation VU = e2π i θUV. This definition extends to the case when θ is rational. In particular when θ = 0, Aθ is isomorphic to continuous functions on the 2-torus by the Gelfand transform.
Irrational rotation algebra: Let the infinite cyclic group Z act on the circle S1 by the rotation action by angle 2iθ. This induces an action of Z by automorphisms on the algebra of continuous functions C(S1). The resulting C*-crossed product C(S1) ⋊ Z is isomorphic to Aθ. The generating unitaries are the generator of the group Z and the identity function on the circle z : S1 → C.
Twisted group algebra: The function σ : Z2 × Z2 → C; σ((m,n), (p,q)) = e2πinpθ is a group 2-cocycle on Z2, and the corresponding twisted group algebra C*(Z2; σ) is isomorphic to Aθ.
Properties
Every irrational rotation algebra Aθ is simple, that is, it does not contain any proper closed two-sided ideals other than and itself.
Every irrational rotation algebra has a unique tracial state.
The irrational rotation algebras are nuclear.
Classification and K-theory
The K-theory of Aθ is Z2 in both even dimension and odd dimension, and so does not distinguish the irrational rotation algebras. But as an ordered group, K0 ≃ Z + θZ. Therefore, two noncommutative tori Aθ and Aη are isomorphic if and only if either θ + η or θ − η is an integer.
Two irrational rotation algebras Aθ and Aη are strongly Morita equivalent if and only if θ and η are in the same orbit of the action of SL(2, Z) on R by fractional linear transformations. In particular, the noncommutative tori with θ rational are Morita equivalent to the classical torus. On the other hand, the noncommutative tori with θ irrational are simple C*-algebras.
References
C*-algebras
Noncommutative geometry
{{Infobox curler
| name = Anna Sloan
| image = Anna Sloan 2017 Players' Championship.jpg
| caption = Sloan at the 2017 Players' Championship
| birth_date =
| birth_place =
| Skip =
| Third =
| Second =
| Lead =
| Alternate =
| Member Association =
| World Championship appearances = 6 (, , , , , )
| European Championship appearances = 8 (, , , , , , , )
| Olympic appearances = 2 (2014, 2018)
| Grand Slam victories = 5: Autumn Gold (2013), Colonial Square (2014), Players' Championship (2013, 2015), Canadian Open (2014)
| medaltemplates =
{{MedalSilver | [[2010 European Curling Championships|2010 Champéry'']] | }}
}}Anna Sloan''' (born 5 February 1991) is a Scottish curler. They were the longtime third for the Eve Muirhead rink. Representing Scotland, they won the 2011 European Championships, the 2013 World Championships, and the 2017 European Championships. Representing Great Britain, they won an Olympic bronze medal at the 2014 Sochi Games and finished fourth at the 2018 Pyeongchang Games.
Career
Sloan played third for Eve Muirhead's junior rink, winning the 2009 World Junior Curling Championships for Scotland. In 2010, they won a silver medal at the European Championships as alternate to the Muirhead rink. At the same time, Sloan skipped their own ladies rink and defeated Muirhead's separate ladies rink en route to the 2011 Scottish Championships, defeating Hannah Fleming in the final. Before representing Scotland at their first World Championship, they won a second World Junior Championship playing third for the Muirhead junior rink. Two weeks later at the World Championships, they skipped Scotland to a ninth-place finish. In addition, Sloan has skipped Great Britain to gold medals at the 2009 European Youth Olympic Winter Festival and the 2011 Winter Universiade.
Since the 2011–2012 season, Sloan has played third for the Muirhead rink, winning the 2011 European Championships and 2013 World Championships, Scotland's first world title in the women's event since 2002. They are also the 2012 and 2013 European silver medallists. The 2013 Scottish world champion team of Muirhead, Sloan, Vicki Adams (second) and Claire Hamilton (lead) were selected to represent Great Britain at the 2014 Winter Olympics, where they won the bronze medal. At the 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang, with Sochi alternate Lauren Gray replacing Hamilton in lead, the team finished fourth. They decided to take a break from curling following the 2017-2018 season.
Personal life
Sloan went to Glasgow Caledonian University, studying sport and active lifestyle promotion with the help of a Winning Student award. They live in Stirling.
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Scottish female curlers
British female curlers
Olympic curlers of Great Britain
Olympic bronze medallists for Great Britain
Olympic medalists in curling
Curlers at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Curlers at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Universiade medalists in curling
Universiade gold medalists for Great Britain
Competitors at the 2011 Winter Universiade
European curling champions
Alumni of Glasgow Caledonian University
People from Lockerbie
Sportspeople from Dumfries
Curlers from Stirling
Sergey Grigoryevich Rusak (; ; born 3 September 1993) is a Belarusian footballer who plays for Slutsk.
References
External links
Profile at FC Minsk website
1993 births
Living people
Belarusian footballers
Association football midfielders
Belarusian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Expatriate footballers in Lithuania
FC Minsk players
FC Torpedo Minsk players
FC Fakel Voronezh players
FK Palanga players
FC Smolevichi players
FC Slutsk players
FC Belshina Bobruisk players
Phil Douglas is an American musician and producer.  They are best known for being one of the frontmen and guitarists of Latterman as well as the guitarist of Iron Chic. In 2015 Douglas reunited with their Latterman band mates and formed Tender Defender.
Latterman and Tender Defender
Douglas formed Latterman with former Five Days Late bandmates Mattie Jo Canino and Dan Sposato as well as friend Pat Schramm. The group self-released two demos and their debut None of These Songs Are About Girls between 1999 and 2000. They released their first official album, Turn Up The Punk, We'll Be Singing on Traffic Violation Records in 2002 before signing with Deep Elm Records and releasing what's largely considered to be Latterman's magnum opus in No Matter Where We Go... in 2005 and releasing their final album We Are Still Alive the following year then breaking up in 2007. Since 2011 Latterman has had several one-off reunions and Douglas has since reunited with Canino and Schramm in Tender Defender, releasing a Mini-LP in 2016 and performing steadily on and off since. Tender Defender is considered to be an extension of Latterman.
Iron Chic
Following Latterman's breakup in 2007– Douglas briefly joined Small Arms Dealer- also a Long Island band signed to Deep Elm Records- as a drummer before the band's breakup shortly thereafter. Douglas and Jason Lubrano- vocalist of Small Arms Dealer- started a new band with former Latterman bandmate Brian Crozier, Gordon Lafler and John Mee. Following their 2008 Demo and their Shitty Rambo EP, former Capital guitarist Rob McAllister and Dead Broke Records label head and Get Bent bassist Mike Bruno replaced Crozier and Mee respectively. This lineup released Not Like This and The Constant One on Dead Broke and Bridge Nine Records respectively before signing with SideOneDummy and releasing You Can't Stay Here in 2017– written following guitarist Rob McAllister's death at the age of 36. The album received glowing reviews and the band toured in support of the album throughout 2017 and 2018.
Other work
Douglas operates a recording studio in Long Island called The Hobo House. To date Douglas has produced all of Iron Chic's work, Tender Defender, RVIVR, Slingshot Dakota, Petal Head, Crash The Calm, Latterman and Somerset Thrower amongst many others.
References
External links
Living people
Record producers from New York (state)
American rock musicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
State Highway 94 (SH 94) is an east–west Colorado state highway that goes east beginning from US 24 just east of Colorado Springs and ending at U.S. Highway 40/U.S. Highway 287 in rural Cheyenne County west of Wild Horse. The highway serves Schriever Air Force Base and the towns of Ellicott, Yoder, and Rush, where it then crosses through rural country. It also serves the Punkin Center area where it comes to a junction with SH 71. It then passes through more very rural country until it reaches a stop at US 40/287 west of the unincorporated town of Wild Horse.
Throughout most of its length, the highway runs due east–west, pointing exactly at Pikes Peak. Under good conditions, the peak can be seen as far east as the rise between mileposts 78 and 79.
"Garbage Hill" gets its name from the Colorado Springs landfill located north of the highway. Originally, the entrance to the landfill was partway up the hill, but currently the entrance is from Blaney Road at the top of the hill. At the bottom of the hill, which is the eastern side of Jimmy Camp Creek valley, there are wrecking yards and two motocross tracks. This hill is one of the most severe hills on Highway 94, having a climbing lane.
Ellicott, Colorado is located along State Highway 94, is the last location for travelers going eastbound to re-fuel, as there are no gas services for the rest of the highways length.
History
The route was established in the 1920s, with the eastern end swerving north then east, ending at Boyero. By 1954, the eastern end no longer swerved north, and by 1970 the eastern end was extended to US 40/287 near Aroya with the entire highway paved.
Major intersections
References
External links
094
Transportation in Cheyenne County, Colorado
Transportation in Lincoln County, Colorado
Transportation in El Paso County, Colorado
Transportation in Colorado Springs, Colorado
Charity Kathambi Chepkwony is a Kenyan politician.  They are the member of parliament for Njoro Constituency.
Early years and education
Chepkwony was born and brought up in Kangeta village of Meru county. They had their primary education at Kaongo ka Mau Primary School and their secondary education at Mukinduri Girls High School. They furthered at Jomo Kenyata University of Agriculture and Technology where they graduated with a certificate in County Governance. In 2004, they completed the University of Nairobi with a diploma in Sales and Marketing. They also attended Kenya Methodist University and Mt Kenya University where they acquired a bachelor's degree in Business Administration and a master's degree in Development Studies respectively.
Career
In 2017, they were elected to the Kenya National Assembly to serve as the member of parliament for Njoro constituency. Prior to that they worked as a SACCO Clerk at the Signon Freight Limited, a sales representative at Consolidated Bank and board member of Kenya Literature Bureau (KLB) under the Ministry of Education.
Politics
Chepkwony first contested for the Njoro parliamentary seat in 2013 but lost. They contested again in the 2017 general elections and won, defeating five independent male candidates.
Personal life
 They are married with three children.
References
Living people
21st-century Kenyan women politicians
21st-century Kenyan politicians
University of Nairobi alumni
Kenya Methodist University alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
is a Japanese politician of the Democratic Party of Japan, a member of the House of Councillors in the Diet (national legislature). A native of Hirosaki, Aomori and graduate of Akita Junior College (now Akita Eiyo Junior College), they were elected to the House of Councillors for the first time in 2004 after serving in the city assembly of Hirosaki for three terms.
References
External links
Official website in Japanese.
Members of the House of Councillors (Japan)
Female members of the House of Councillors (Japan)
Japanese municipal councilors
Politicians from Aomori Prefecture
People from Hirosaki
Living people
1940 births
Democratic Party of Japan politicians
The Fisheries Convention or the London Fisheries Convention is an international agreement signed in London in relation to fishing rights across the coastal waters of Western Europe, in particular the fishing rights in the North Sea, in the Skagerrak, in the Kattegat and on the European Atlantic coast. It gives right of full access to the fishing grounds between 6 and 12 nautical miles of the national coastline to the fishing industry of those contracting parties that had already been fishing there in the period 1953–1962.
This agreement is largely superseded to the Common Fisheries Policy (the CFP), as all parties are members of the European Union.
Background and negotiations
Between Belgium, Denmark, France, Germany, Netherlands, United Kingdom the "International Convention for regulating the police of the North Sea fisheries outside territorial waters" (the North Sea Fisheries Convention) of 1888 applied which allowed fishing in each other's waters up to 3 miles from the coastline. The United Kingdom denounced this convention in 1963 in order to allow setting up a 12-mile exclusive fishery zone. After denunciation it invited the parties to that convention and several others to negotiate on several issues related to fisheries, which resulted in the Fisheries Convention.
Negotiations took place between the parties of the European Economic Communities, the European Free Trade Association, the Commission of the EEC, as well as Iceland, Ireland and Norway.
Parties
The convention has 12 parties, while 1 signatory (Luxembourg) signed but did not ratify.
Poland is a non-signatory which acceded to the convention after its entry into force.
Denunciation and withdrawal
The convention can be denounced after the passage of 20 years from its entry into force, subject to a two-year notice period.
On 2 July 2017 the United Kingdom Government announced that it would withdraw from the Fisheries Convention. Formal notice of the "denunciation" was given the next day, 3 July 2017. The denunciation took effect at the end of the transition phase on 31 December 2020 at 11 pm GMT.
See also
Brexit
Common Fisheries Policy
North Sea Fisheries Convention
References
External links
treaty text
Treaties concluded in 1964
Treaties entered into force in 1966
Treaties of Belgium
Treaties of France
Treaties of Germany
Treaties of Ireland
Treaties of Italy
Treaties of Spain
Treaties of Poland
Treaties of Portugal
Treaties of Sweden
Treaties of the Netherlands
Treaties extended to West Berlin
Fisheries treaties
Tamara Zidanšek was the two-time defending champion, having won the last edition in 2019, however they were unable to defend their title as they were still competing at the 2021 French Open, reaching the semi-final of the Grand Slam.
Jasmine Paolini won the title, defeating Arantxa Rus in the final, 6–2, 7–6(7–4).
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
Qualifying
Seeds
Qualifiers
Draw
First qualifier
Second qualifier
Third qualifier
Fourth qualifier
References
External Links
Main Draw
Qualifying Draw
Bol Open - Singles
2021 Singles
Angle of Entry is a limited-issue live acoustic album recorded by the Mutton Birds during their 1997 Envy of Angels UK tour and released on their managers' label. It was sold at gigs and over the Internet.
The album cover notes said the 12 Bar Club was "the sort of venue for which the word 'intimate' was invented. On a stage barely large enough to swing a cat, on stools perched precariously close to the side of the stage the Mutton Birds belted out a selection of their songs. It was one of those magical nights when the audience would call out the title of a song and the band would play it if it came up next on their set-list."
Track listing
(All tracks by Don McGlashan except where noted)
"Envy of Angels" – 6.07
"Like This Train" – 4.36
"Another Morning" – 3.28
"A Thing Well Made" – 5.56
"Esther" (Alan Gregg) – 3.35
"Trouble with You" – 4.27
"There's a Limit" (Gregg) – 4.05
"Come Around" (Gregg) – 4.03
"Dominion Road" – 4.32
"Anchor Me" – 6.59
"Ten Feet Tall" – 6.18
"While You Sleep" – 4.21
"White Valiant" – 5.09
"Wellington" (Gregg) – 3.42
Personnel
Don McGlashan – voice, guitars, euphonium
Ross Burge – drums
Alan Gregg – bass guitar, voice
Chris Sheehan – lead guitar
References
All information taken from the sleeve and insert of the CD.
The Mutton Birds albums
1997 live albums
The Lajarte Islands () are a group of islands fringing the north coast of Anvers Island, close west of Cape Grönland and 1.5 km east-northeast of Lapteva Island, in the Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica.
The islands were discovered by a German expedition under Eduard Dallmann, 1873–74. They were charted by the French Antarctic Expedition, 1903–05, and named by Jean-Baptiste Charcot for Captain Dufaure de Lajarte of the French Navy.
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
References
Islands of the Palmer Archipelago
The Racine College football team represented Racine College in the sport of American football. Racine and the University of Michigan inaugurated college football in the Midwest with a match played on May 30, 1879. Michigan won, 1–0. The school played college football until 1887, and until 1903 as a preparatory school. "In 1903 football games were cancelled because the players were caught eating fudge, which was thought to make them poor athletes and students.'
References
Defunct college football teams
Windham Township may refer to:
Canada
Windham Township, Ontario, a historic township
United States
Windham Township, Portage County, Ohio
Windham Township, Bradford County, Pennsylvania
Windham Township, Wyoming County, Pennsylvania
See also
Windham (disambiguation)
Township name disambiguation pages
Donna Esposito is an American singer-songwriter-guitarist born in Greenpoint, Brooklyn. The majority of their music is considered to be of the Power Pop genre. They have recorded 11 albums for the Parasol label with musical partner Frank Bednash under the various band names of Cowboy & Spingirl, Toothpaste 2000, and most recently Mas Rapido. Donna and Frank split songwriting/singing duties 50/50 on their various releases.
Donna began their musical career in the NY based band The Cyclones in 1978.  They are currently active writing and recording with Frank Bednash, living in the Portland, Oregon area.
Discography
(all on Parasol Records unless otherwise specified)
The Cyclones
7" 45rpm – You're So Cool b/w RSVP – Little Ricky Records 1981
EP – Out in the Cold – Plexus Records 1983
Cowboy and Spingirl
Earcandy – 1993
Odd and Bobs CD – 1999
Toothpaste 2000
Fine, Cool, With Love, Best – May 1999
Death of an Italian Filmstar – Sept 1999
Bachelorette – Sept 1999
Va Va Voom – January 2000
Instant Action – March 2002
Catch 22 – August 2003
Mas Rapido
Mas Rapido – January 2005
Pity Party – February 2007
Dumb is King – June 2010
References
Living people
Musicians from Portland, Oregon
American women singer-songwriters
Musicians from Brooklyn
Singer-songwriters from New York (state)
Singer-songwriters from Oregon
People from Greenpoint, Brooklyn
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American women
Twin Lakes Township may refer to:
Twin Lakes Township, Calhoun County, Iowa
Twin Lakes Township, Carlton County, Minnesota
Twin Lakes Township, Mahnomen County, Minnesota
See also
Twin Lakes (disambiguation)
Twin Lake Township (disambiguation)
Township name disambiguation pages
Chhatiwan is a Village Development Committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3000 residing in 478 individual households.
The name for this VDC comes from a lake that is situated in the village of Chhatiwan. This lake has fresh drinking water and teamed with various kind of fish. Lately due to the deforestation and soil erosion, this lake is being filled with all debris coming in due to the flash flood from its North side of the mountain. Budar is the major town of this VDC and at this town Dadeldhura and Jogbuda roads cross. Some of the major villages in this VDC are Budar, Ritha, Phaltude, Dharapani, Chhatiwan, Chhahara and many others. There are two small mountain streams that eventually meet up at Deujaal. A stream that comes from the Chhahara village has a wonderful water fall. The name of the water fall itself is Chhahara. In Nepali "Chhahara" means water fall. Once in a year there is a special festival at the foot of this water fall where people from many surrounding villages come and celebrate throughout the night. The festival begins in the evening and people sing, dance and merry all through the night. This is also the night when lovers elope if the family does not agree for their marriage. Along the stream grows a plant called "sisnu". This plant has mild poisonous element and once the Caterpillar type of hairy things get stuck in the skin, the skin will be burning for a long time. But the belief is that once in a year after the festival you have to be stung by that plant so that you will remain healthy throughout that year. So, people will be chasing each other in the morning to torture each other with that plant. Some times drinking creates big fights among the villager. Chhatiwan VDC is also popular for a model school in far west Nepal. Rampur School is the oldest school and now it has school for the disabled children for the whole of Far west. There is also an Army School in Budar. During the construction of Dadeldhura Highway, Budar was very important place as it was the headquarters for the road construction department.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Doti District
Populated places in Doti District
Frank O'Connor (1903–1966) was an Irish author.
Frank O'Connor may also refer to:
Frank O'Connor (actor) (1881–1959), American actor, director and screenwriter
Frank O'Connor (basketball), Irish Olympic basketball player
Frank O'Connor (1897–1979), American actor and painter, married to Ayn Rand
Frank D. O'Connor (1909–1992), American politician from New York City
Frank O'Connor (baseball) (1868–1913), American baseball pitcher
Frank Patrick O'Connor (1885–1939), Canadian politician, business person, and founder of Laura Secord Chocolates
Frank O'Connor (rugby league) (1906–1964), Australian rugby league footballer
SS Frank O'Connor (1892–1919), a 1919 shipwreck in Lake Michigan
Frank O'Connor (public servant) (1894–1972), senior Australian public servant
Frank O'Connor (Australian rules footballer) (1923–2017), Australian rules footballer for Melbourne
Raymond O'Connor (footballer) (1913–1980), also known as Frank, English footballer
See also
Francis O'Connor (disambiguation)
Ørum Church (Danish: Ørum Kirke) is a church in the village of Ørum Djurs in Norddjurs Municipality.
The church was established in the 12th century and operates as the central church in Ørum Sogn within the Diocese of Aarhus. Ørum Sogn has approximately 1,600 members within the Church of Denmark.
History
The church began construction in the 12th century and consists of a romanesque nave and a gothic choir, sacristy, bell tower, and church porch. In the first half of the 16th century the church was decorated with frescos, but they were greatly damaged and have since been painted over.
The tower was partially rebuilt in 1833, at which time the monogram of King Frederick VI of Denmark was embedded in the southside of the tower. The church was again renovated in 1961, mainly by the architect A. Graae. During the renovations the sacristy was given its own entrance on the church's northern side.
The clergy house is northwest of the church and was built in 1952 after a considerably older clergy house burned down. South of the clergy house lies a memorial stone for Vilhelm Beck (1829-1901), who was a priest at the church from 1866 until 1874. The stone was the old lintel above the church's south door. The text on the stone reads:
References
External links
Churches in the Diocese of Aarhus
Churches in the Central Denmark Region
12th-century churches in Denmark
David P. O'Brien (March 16, 1956 – March 1, 2014) was an American collegiate athletic director at Long Beach State College in Long Beach, California, Temple University in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and Northeastern University in Boston, Massachusetts. They were also an associate teaching professor and program director of sports management at Drexel University, an editor of College Sports Business News and managing partner of O'Brien Sports Group.
O'Brien was a athletic director at Long Beach State from 1989 to 1996 and oversaw two major moves: cutting the football program in 1991 and building the Walter Pyramid, the basketball arena which opened in 1994.
During O'Brien's tenure at Temple (1996–2002), the Temple Owls' men's basketball team went 135–65 and made it to the NCAA Basketball Tournament in five of six seasons under head coach John Chaney. The team advanced to the Elite Eight in 1999 and 2001. The football team struggled and was voted out of the Big East Conference shortly before O'Brien resigned from Temple in January 2002.
At Northeastern from 2002 to 2007, O'Brien was responsible for hiring current men's basketball coach Bill Coen, women's basketball coach Daynia La-Force, former football coach Rocky Hager and former men's ice hockey coach Greg Cronin. The school announced a move from the America East Conference to the Colonial Athletic Association in 2004. After O'Brien left Northeastern in 2007, the school cut the football team following the 2009 season.
O'Brien was a graduate of Moravian College and Seton Hall Law School.
O'Brien died on March 1, 2014, at the age of 57 at their home in Lower Gwynedd Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, of cancer.
References
1956 births
2014 deaths
Drexel University faculty
Long Beach State Beach athletic directors
Northeastern Huskies athletic directors
Temple Owls athletic directors
Moravian University alumni
Seton Hall University School of Law alumni
People from Montclair, New Jersey
People from Lower Gwynedd Township, Pennsylvania
Deaths from cancer in Pennsylvania
Baleshed (also Baleshed Landing and Stack Landing) is a ghost town in Issaquena County, Mississippi, United States. Baleshed was located on the Mississippi River.
Baleshed was established on land which had been granted to Stephen Duncan in 1833. The town was named for a shed located there where bales of cotton were stored prior to shipping.
Baleshed had a post office, and a population of 24 in 1900. The post office operated under the name Baleshed from 1888 to 1917.
In 2000, an extant stone vault used to store money remained there.
References
Former populated places in Issaquena County, Mississippi
Mississippi populated places on the Mississippi River
Ghost towns in Mississippi
Coroban, Vasile (14 February 1910, Camenca, Glodeni - 19 October 1984, Chişinău) was a writer from Moldova. They were a non-conformist literary historian and critic from Moldavian Soviet Socialist Republic (MSSR) (nowadays Republic of Moldova), PhD in philology (1958). Beginning in 1954, they were a member of the Writers' Union of SSRM. In 1935, they graduated from the law faculty of the University of Iași. They edited the newspaper "University Life" that had an anti-fascist orientation, and because of that, they were convicted.
After 28 June 1940 they collaborated with the newspaper "Soviet Earth" from Bălți. In 1942-1945, they were a teacher at the general school in the Kemerovo region. After 1945, they worked as a secretary responsible for the newspaper "Luceafărul roșu" (Bălți). Since 1947, they collaborated with the Institute of Language and Literature of the Academy of Sciences of Moldova (ASM). Within the institute they held the position of head of the Literary Theory Sector. They were the author and editor of school textbooks in MSSR. They published research works on Romanian and Universal Classical Literature, and explored the literary phenomenon in the MSSR.
Biography
They graduate from the University of Iaşi in 1935 and became a member of the Moldovan Writers' Union in 1954.
Works
Constantin Dobrogeanu-Gherea. Studiu introductiv, Ch.
Vasile Alecsandri: viaţa şi opera, Ch., 1957
Летописец Ион Некулче (1958)
Scriitorii Moldovei Sovietice. Indice bibliografic, Ch., 1969 (redactor)
Romanul moldovenesc contemporan, Ch. 1969 (original), 1974, 1979, în limba rusă
Pagini de critică literară, Ch., 1971
Opere alese, Ch., ed. Literatura artistică, 1983
Dimitrie Cantemir – scriitor umanist, eseu, Ch., ed. Cartea Moldovei, 2003
Bibliography
Anatol Eremia, Unitatea patrimoniului onomastic românesc. Toponimie. Antroponimie ediţie jubiliară, 2001, Centrul Naţional de Terminologie, ed. „Iulian”, Chişinău, .
References
External links
Vocea Basarabiei, Vasile Coroban – un model de conştiinţă românească
Jurnal de Chişinău, „A urât mediocritatea” – Vasile Coroban – 100 de ani
Vasile COROBAN
Vasile Coroban, omagiat la bastina
Romanian people of Moldovan descent
1910 births
1984 deaths
Eastern Orthodox Christians from Romania
Alexandru Ioan Cuza University alumni
Moldovan writers
Moldovan male writers
Romanian writers
People from Glodeni District
Congregation Beth Israel () is an independent, traditional egalitarian Jewish congregation, located at 229 Murdock Avenue in Asheville, North Carolina. Founded in 1899 as Bikur Cholim, it was an Orthodox breakaway from Asheville's existing synagogue. It hired its first full-time rabbi in 1909, opened a religious school in 1911, and acquired its first building, which burnt down in 1916, in 1913.
The congregation completed its second building in 1924, affiliated with Conservative Judaism in 1949, and changed its name to Beth Israel in 1950. It completed construction of its current building in 1969, and renovated it in 2018.
Robert Cabelli joined as rabbi in 2006, and was succeeded by Justin Goldstein in 2014. , Goldstein was the congregation's rabbi.
Early history
Significant Jewish immigration to Asheville, North Carolina began in 1880, when the railroad link to Asheville was completed. The community founded Asheville's oldest synagogue, Beth HaTephila, as a "conservative" congregation in 1891, before the Conservative movement was formally founded. By 1899, however, some members of the Jewish community felt Beth HaTephila was not traditional enough, and eight of them founded Bikur Cholim as an Orthodox alternative. Bikur cholim is Hebrew for "visitation of the sick"; the name was used in recognition of the many people who came to Asheville to recuperate from tuberculosis.
The congregation worshiped in a number of locations; for a period, weekly services were held in the Masonic Temple, while High Holiday services were held at the Church Street Odd Fellows Hall. Membership grew very slowly, and the congregation went through a series of rabbis whose terms were generally short. The congregation frequently had no rabbi at all, and High Holiday services were often led by lay members. Solomon Schechter came to Asheville in 1904 to assist in executing a merger of Beth HaTephila and Bikur Cholim, but the negotiations fell through.
First full-time rabbi, first building
In 1909, Louis Londow was hired as the congregation's first full-time rabbi, though they had to open a grocery store to make ends meet. Londow had been considered the "spiritual leader" of the congregants since 1897 (before Bikur Cholim had been formally incorporated), when two of the founding members, S.H. Michalove and B. Zageir, had brought them to Asheville from Baltimore. Described as "a model of civility", they "was known to remove their hat whenever they got a phone call from a woman". Londow served until 1912, and was succeeded as rabbi by Ellis Fox, though Londow stayed in Asheville to run their store.
The congregation opened a Talmud Torah school in 1911. That year the congregation also purchased a lot on South Liberty Street for $1000 (today $), and began construction of a synagogue building. Construction took four years, but services were held in the partially constructed building starting with High Holiday services in 1912. That year, just before Rosh Hashanah, Bikur Cholim's building burned down. The total cost had been more than $11,000 (today $), of which insurance covered only $3000. A replacement building (in the same location) was not completed until 1924; its sanctuary had seating for approximately 80 worshipers.
A group broke away from Bikur Cholim in 1916, forming the Anshei Yeshurun congregation. Fox left to become the rabbi of Beth HaTephila in 1917, and was succeeded by Lazarus Lehrer and then D. Hechtor. The members of Anshei Yeshurun rejoined Bikur Cholim in 1921, and the following year a Ladies' Auxiliary (now a Sisterhood) was formed; one of its duties was to bring chicken soup to Jewish patients in Asheville's tuberculosis sanatoria. Londow served again as spiritual leader in the 1920s; other rabbis included Scharfman, Goodcovitz, Kaplivitz, S. Wrubel, G. Berkman, D. Wachfogel, L. Leifer, R. Meier, and J. Seidler.
Events since 1940
The synagogue continued to experience difficulty keeping Orthodox rabbis in a small Southern city; it had fourteen different spiritual leaders from 1899 to 1949, and seven from 1940 to 1953. For a number of years the congregation had been moving away from its previous traditionalism, using English (as well as Hebrew) in the prayers, and having mixed seating for men and women. In 1949, it formally affiliated with the United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism; that year the rabbi was Martin Kessler. Kessler had come to Bikur Cholim from England in 1948 to serve as rabbi; although the congregation liked him, their wife was not happy in Asheville, so they left in 1949.
Bikur Cholim changed its name to Beth Israel in 1950. In the 1950s, the congregation also voted to shorten its Shabbat morning service and start it two hours earlier at 8:00am, so that worshipers could open their stores after services; this change was reversed in the 1970s.
Alexander Gelberman joined Beth Israel as rabbi in 1956, and stayed until August 1964, when they moved to lead a synagogue in Oak Ridge Tennessee. The following November Samuel A. Friedman joined as spiritual leader. Friedman had previously served for over 20 years as rabbi of Congregation B'nai Israel in Wilmington, North Carolina.
In response to rumors that the area around the Liberty Street synagogue was slated for urban renewal, Beth Israel purchased a lot at the corner of Norwood and Murdock Avenues in 1959. The Asheville Development Commission purchased the synagogue property on Liberty Street in the 1960s. After a major fundraising campaign, Beth Israel constructed its current synagogue building at 229 Murdock Avenue in 1969, dedicated by then-rabbi Samuel Friedman. The old property eventually became a parking lot of a Best Western hotel. Membership grew steadily throughout the 1980s and 1990s, from 70 families in 1980, to 100 in 1990, to almost 200 in 1999. The rabbi at that time was Shmuel Birnham.
Around 2014, Beth Israel disaffiliated from the United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism, becoming an independent congregation. According to synagogue members, this action was taken primarily because the congregation disagreed with the Conservative movement's then limited acceptance of same-sex couples and interfaith families.
Robert Cabelli joined as rabbi in August 2006. Cabelli had worked as a neurobiologist, research scientist, and professor before being ordained at the Ziegler School of Rabbinic Studies and joining Beth Israel. By 2009, membership remained at 200 families.
Justin Goldstein joined as rabbi in January 2014. Born and raised near Chicago, they attended Hampshire College where they produced an original translation and commentary of most of the Book of Genesis. Goldstein was ordained in 2011 by the Ziegler School of Rabbinic Studies.
In 2015, the congregation began working on plans to renovate the building at 229 Murdock. In the fall of 2017 they temporarily moved locations to the basement of Congregation Beth HaTephila while the building was being renovated, and returned to 229 Murdock in December 2018. Membership had fallen to 150 families.
Notes
References
:
Buildings and structures in Asheville, North Carolina
Jews and Judaism in Appalachia
Religious organizations established in 1899
Synagogues completed in 1924
Synagogues completed in 1969
Synagogues in North Carolina
Unaffiliated synagogues in the United States
1899 establishments in North Carolina
Mikhail Vasilyevich Zhigalov (; born May 2, 1942) is a Soviet and Russian actor of the Moscow Sovremennik Theatre and cinema. Honored Artist of the RSFSR (1991).
Biography
Mikhail Zhigalov was born in Kuibyshev, Kuybyshevskaya oblast, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union (now Samara, Russia), which was evacuated mother of Mikhail during the Great Patriotic War. Father Mikhail Vasilyevich in 1938, they worked in the KGB (the Young Communist League was called on set). From evacuation Zhigalova family returned to Moscow.
After the war, their father Michael was sent to work in Czechoslovakia. Three years later Zhigalova returned to Moscow, where Mikhail tried to go to college. The first attempt did not turn success and they worked for a year at the plant, was secretary of the Komsomol organization of workshops. The following year they were able to enter the Moscow Institute of Chemical Engineering. While studying at the institute married.
In 1965 they graduated from the Institute Zhigalov, the distribution was in SRI, the laboratory filtration theory. Career began to emerge successfully, but when the opportunity came in the 10 months to go to England, to return from there to the final thesis, Mikhail refused the opportunities and resigned. Their career has attracted the actor, and soon the young couple divorced.
In 1970 they graduated from Zhigalov drama studio at the Central Children's Theatre, where the actor worked until 1978, then went to the Sovremennik Theatre, where they created their major theatrical role.
In the film removed in 1972. They worked for more than a hundred movies.
Selected filmography
1972 — The Last Day as Lieutenant
1975 — For the Rest of Their Life as Lieutenant Commander without legs
1977 — On Thursday and Never Again as huntsman
1979 — Abduction Savoy as terrorist Magnus
1980 — Petrovka, 38
1984 — TASS Is Authorized to Declare... as auto mechanic Paramonov
1986 — To Award (Posthumously)
1990 — Vagrant Bus as Vasily
1990 — Stalin's Funeral as working
1990 — Afghan Breakdown as Colonel Leonid
1991 — Lost in Siberia as leader of bitches
2002 — Brigada as Criminal authority Luka
2013 / 15 — The Junior Team as Stepan Arkadevich Zharsky, coach
2013 — House with Lilies as Yegorych
References
External links
1942 births
Living people
Soviet male film actors
Soviet male television actors
Soviet male stage actors
Russian male film actors
Russian male television actors
Russian male stage actors
20th-century Russian male actors
21st-century Russian male actors
Actors from Samara, Russia
Honored Artists of the RSFSR
Acıkuyu is a neighbourhood in Şereflikoçhisar, Ankara, Turkey. It used to be considered a village before 2013 Turkish local government reorganisation.
Demographics
References
Şereflikoçhisar
Populated places in Ankara Province
The Flag of Melbourne is the official flag for the city of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. Its design was based on the arms component of Melbourne's coat of arms, which in turn, was based on the 1848 common seal.
The flag features a white background divided into four quadrants by the red cross of Saint George, patron saint of England. On both sides of each arm of the cross are narrow red bars known as a cotise. In the centre there is the Royal Crown, signifying the monarchy.
Each of the four quadrants divided by the cross feature a design representing an important sector of Melbourne's economy in the mid 19th century. The designs are:
A fleece hanging from a red ring, representing the wool industry;
A black bull standing on a hillock, representing the cattle industry;
A three masted tall ship in full sail at sea, representing trade and shipping;
A spouting whale at sea, representing the whaling industry.
The Melbourne Flag is flown at various places, including: Melbourne Town Hall; on the Lord Mayor of Melbourne's car; at Enterprize Park, the location where the settlement began; and on the replica of the tall ship Enterprize.
See also
Coat of arms of Melbourne
List of Australian flags
References
Melbourne
Flag
Flag
Melbourne
Flags displaying animals
Melbourne
Melinda Fábián (born June, 25 1987) is a Hungarian mixed martial artist, they were the first Hungarian who compete in the UFC.
Background
Born in 1987, Melinda Fábián first started fighting martial arts at the age of 12, starting to shotokan karate at Vértesszőlős where they reached the brown belt. They then made their way to Stockholm, where, besides karate, they became acquainted with Muay Thai. They returned home in 2006 and started their favorite martial art, which they liked as a kenpo karate the Kurayfat campsite. A year later, they had already won a silver medal at the World Championships in Home Affairs as a blue belt. And in 2013, at the World Championships, also home to the podium, they were the winner of the full contact and knockdown rules, with a black belt at their waist. Melinda loves Kenpo karate so much that they run their own club, Sakura Doyo.
After finding great success at the campsite, Melinda set out on mixed martial arts, which was less well known in Hungary at the time. In this style, ground combat plays the same role as standing, so wrestling and Brazilian jiu-jitsu are at the forefront, as evidenced in Melinda's victories.
Personal life
Fábián had a date and relationship with their Head Coach Ferenc "Rendes" Peszlen.
Mixed martial career
Early career
The blonde lady first entered the cage at HFC 09 in 2015 as the only Hungarian female warrior in a quad tournament in front of a domestic audience. In the opening match, they had a straight-up victory in the first round, but they got exactly the same technique from their more experienced American opponent in the final. Nevertheless, according to Melinda, their lack of routine was the only drawback with the other fighters. In the next 3 games, they ended with one draw, one win (Ezekiel choke) and one with a split scoring defeat.
The defeat was followed by a two-match winning streak (brace, ankle strain), both knocking in the first round. (Interestingly, although Melinda is basically the strength of the stand-up fight, they have achieved all their victories by forcing and has never been knocked out.) Unfortunately, after two quick wins, a defeat slipped, but that did not stop them from winning. The Hungarian girl was to get the big chance of their life from UFC and finally show themselves outside the old continent.
The Ultimate Fighter
They have been invited to The Ultimate Fighter UFC reality show, which has not become a former champion, and often gets a UFC contract at the end of the show. And the stake in the 26th TUF season was nothing but the winner becoming the champion of the newly introduced women's weight (57kg) division. Melinda – who even sold their car to buy a plane ticket overseas – joined Eddie Alvarez in the selection. (Eddie Alvarez is a former lightweight champion of Bellator and the UFC.)
Unfortunately, Melinda had an injury during the show, which put their mark on their training and preparation for the game. In the show, every warrior has a homemade video in which Melinda introduces Budapest, their apartment and talks about their team the Budapest Top Team. Them opponent, Rachael Ostovich, is a Hawaiian-born girl with a warrior background, with a balance of 3–3 (Melinda's 4–3–1). At the start of the match, the Hungarian girl worked well in stand-up combat but was unable to defend Rachael's grounding and gave up their back with an unfortunate move and the American took the opportunity and pulled in the back throttle after some submission attempts and some ground-and-pound and victory.
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Fábián faced DeAnna Bennett on December 1, 2017 at The Ultimate Fighter: A New World Champion#The Ultimate Fighter 26 Finale. The fight ended as a majority draw and Bennett was subsequently released from the promotion.
Them second fight came on June 23, 2018, at UFC Fight Night: Cerrone vs. Edwards against Ji Yeon Kim. They lost the fight via split decision.
On August 11, 2018, it was reported that Fábián was released by UFC.
Post UFC career
Fábián faced Karla Benitez on October 22, 2019, at The Cage Fighting Komarno 7. They won the fight via knockout.
Mixed martial arts record
|Win
|align=center|5–4–2
|Karla Benitez
|KO (head kick)
|Cage Fighting Komarno 7
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|4:59
|Győr, Hungary
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|4–4–2
|Ji Yeon Kim
|Decision (split)
|UFC Fight Night: Cowboy vs. Edwards
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Kallang, Singapore
|
|-
|Draw
|align=center|4–3–2
|DeAnna Bennett
|Draw (Majority)
|The Ultimate Fighter: A New World Champion Finale
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|4–3–1
|Judith Ruis
|Submission (guillotine choke)
|Aggrelin 16: MIA Cage Fight
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|4:30
|Munich, Germany
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|4–2–1
|Monic Bilicsi
|Submission (straight ankle lock)
|Aggrelin 15
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|0:14
|Nurnberg, Germany
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|3–2–1
|Tímea Nyistor
|Submission (armbar)
|Cage Fighting Komárno 1
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|0:38
|Komárno, Slovakia
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|2–2–1
|Lucie Pudilová
| Decision (split)
|GCF 34: Back in The Fight 5
|
|align=center| 5
|align=center| 5:00
|Příbram, Czech Republic
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 2–1–1
| Paulina Borkowska
| Submission (rear naked choke)
| PLMMA 62: AFC 6
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 2:32
| Wyszków, Poland
|
|-
| Draw
| align=center| 1–1–1
| Eava Siikonen
| Draw (majority)
| Carelia Fight 11
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Imatra, Finland
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 1–1
| Katlyn Chookagian
| Submission (armbar)
| PMMAL Hungarian Fight Championship 9
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 4:33
| Budapest, Hungary
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 1–0
| Barbora Poláková
| Submission (armbar)
| PMMAL Hungarian Fight Championship 9
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 3:34
| Budapest, Hungary
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center | 0–1
| Rachael Ostovich
| Submission (rear naked choke)
|rowspan=2| The Ultimate Fighter: A New World Champion
| (air date)
| align=Center | 1
| align=center | 4:22
|rowspan=2| Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
References
Hungarian female mixed martial artists
1987 births
Living people
Hungarian female karateka
Hungarian practitioners of Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Female Brazilian jiu-jitsu practitioners
People from Tatabánya
Mixed martial artists utilizing American Kenpo
Mixed martial artists utilizing Shotokan
Mixed martial artists utilizing boxing
Mixed martial artists utilizing Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Ultimate Fighting Championship female fighters
Sportspeople from Komárom-Esztergom County
Poocham is an unincorporated community in the town of Westmoreland in Cheshire County, New Hampshire, United States, near the larger communities of Keene, New Hampshire and Brattleboro, Vermont.
Poocham's oldest houses date from around 1800. By reputation, the name Poocham comes from an Abenaki Indian word meaning "gathering place". The community is almost entirely composed of homes and farms, but a small fluorite mine (called William Wise Mine) and growing vineyard (called Poocham Hill Winery) are also present.
References
External links
Poocham Hill Winery
Unincorporated communities in Cheshire County, New Hampshire
Unincorporated communities in New Hampshire
New Hampshire placenames of Native American origin
Leif Preus (18 February 1928 – 5 May 2013) was a Norwegian photographer and museum founder.
They were born in Horten as a son of Sverre Preus (1897–1988) and Marian Christoffersen (1901–1972). They were married from 1951.
After eight years in the Royal Norwegian Navy they established their photo company Preus Foto in 1956. They established into a nationwide photo store chain. In 1976 their family founded Preus Photo Museum, from 2005 named Preus Museum in their hometown Horten.
References
1928 births
2013 deaths
Royal Norwegian Navy personnel
Norwegian photographers
Directors of museums in Norway
Museum founders
People from Horten
20th-century philanthropists
Tareha Te Moananui (died 19 December 1880) was a principal chief of the Ngāti Kahungunu iwi, and a Māori member of Parliament in New Zealand from 1868 to 1870.
Born between 1800 and 1810, Tareha was the son of Oneone and Hāmene. They added Te Moananui to their name following the death of Ngāti Kahungunu leader Kurupo Te Moananui in 1861.
Tareha was one of four Māori elected in 1868 for the new Māori electorates in the New Zealand Parliament, and they were the first of the four to speak in Parliament. They represented the electorate of Eastern Maori from 1868 to 1870, when they retired.
They died on 19 December 1880, and their tangi and funeral took place at Waiohiki, near Taradale. They had two surviving children, sons Te Roera Tareha (1850s–1941) and Kurupo Tareha (1871–1938).
References
1800s births
1880 deaths
New Zealand MPs for Māori electorates
Members of the New Zealand House of Representatives
Ngāti Kahungunu people
People from the Hawke's Bay Region
19th-century New Zealand politicians
Suriname competed in the Summer Olympic Games for the first time at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome, Italy.
Wim Esajas, the first athlete from Suriname to the Olympics, was entered in the 800 metres, but was told due to a scheduling error that the heats were in the afternoon, so they rested in the morning. But when they arrived at the stadium the heats were over, and they returned home without having competed.
References
Official Olympic Reports
Nations at the 1960 Summer Olympics
1960
Olym
Firyal Al-Adhamy (born 1950 in Baghdad, Iraq) is a Bahrain-based British Iraqi artist.
Life and career
Born in Baghdad in 1950, they began their artistic endeavours as a hobby, crafting jewellery, costumes, textiles and woodwork, all inspired by Iraq's ancient cultural history. Later, when some of their jewellery was acquired by museums, they began to see their work as a potential career.
Although they graduated from the University of Baghdad, they did not study arts and is a self-taught artist.
Them aim is to faithfully reproduce ancient objects, thereby preserving Iraq's heritage. Firyal's latest collection, Postcards from Mesopotamia, is inspired by their reaction to the tragic looting of the museum of Baghdad in 2003.
They have participated in both solo and group exhibitions, in London and in the Persian Gulf.
Work
They have written one novel, and has also published a book with a collection of their poetry and paintings. Much of their work is inspired by poetry. Them later paintings incorporates Arabic script, over which they have mastery demonstrates a sincerity to Arab civilization especially the Babylonian and Sumerian civilizations. Them artworks have inspired the poetry of several Arabic poets including Laoy Taha and Mahmoud Darwish.
Solo exhibitions
1988 – The Gallery, Intercontinental Hotel, Bahrain. Organized by the Ministry of Information
1990 – Kufa Gallery, London, UK organized by Ross Issa
1993- The Artist Studio, London, UK
1997- The Artist Studio, London, UK
2006- Darlelbareh Gallery, Manama, Bahrain
2008- Green Art Gallery Dubai "Postcards from Mesopotamia"
2009- The Memory of the place Gallery " When the Word Turns into Fragrant Ray of Light " Manama Bahrain
Joint exhibitions
1987 – Bahrain Art Society Annual Exhibition, Bahrain
1988 – Alfan Gallery, Bahrain
1988 – Bahrain Art Society Annual Exhibition, Bahrain
1989 – Print making annual Exhibition London UK
1991 – Iraqi Artist Society Exhibition at Gallery 4, London, UK
1991 – Iraqi Artists at Kufa Gallery, London, UK
1992 – Arab Women Artists by the General Union of Palestinian Women
1992 – Iraqi Artist Society at Camden Town Lock, London, UK
1992 – Iraqi Women's Festival of Culture, Kufa Gallery, London, UK
1993 – Iraqi Artists Society at Gallery 4, London, UK
1993 – Group of International Artists, London, UK. Organized by Eastern Art Report
1993 – Group Exhibition, Imperial College, London, UK
1994 – Group Exhibition, Aramco, Inmaa Gallery, Saudi Arabia
1995 – Arab Fine Art Exhibition, London, UK. Organized by Arab-British Chambers of Commerce
1995 – “The World's Women On-line Electronic Ballet” - Internet exhibition at the UN conference, Beijing, China
1995 – Arab Women Artists in London, Saidy Gallery, London, UK
1996 – Women Artists of the Islamic World, Islington Museum Gallery, London, UK
1997 – Group Exhibition at Saudi Arabian Art Gallery
1998 – Working for hotels' project in the Persian Gulf
1998 – Group Exhibition “Selection from Arab Contemporary Art”, Bahrain
2001 – “Dialogue of the present” Groups of 18 Arab women artists was toured exhibition from January 1999 to January 2001, covering Bath, Plymouth, London (SOAS, Brunei Gallery) and Brighton University, UK
2008-09 Iraq Speaks to the Present, British Museum, UK
2009 - "Babylon Myth and Reality" British Museum London 2008-2009
See also
Islamic art
List of Iraqi artists
List of Iraqi women artists
Notes
References
Living people
1950 births
Artists from Baghdad
British people of Iraqi descent
Iraqi women artists
British women artists
Iraqi emigrants to the United Kingdom
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in McIntosh County, Oklahoma.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in McIntosh County, Oklahoma, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a map.
There are 15 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.
Current listings
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places listings in Oklahoma
References
McIntosh County
Sinanlı, Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı, Ankara Province, Turkey. The village is populated by Kurds and Yörüks.
References
Villages in Polatlı District
Kurdish settlements in Ankara Province
Canadian Football News in 1933
The Toronto Argonauts lost their first two games of the season, only to storm back and win eight straight, including their first Grey Cup win in 12 years.
The Winnipeg St.John's were a no show at the annual meeting of the Manitoba Rugby Football Union. It was later learned that the St.John's had suspended operations for one season while they got their finances in order.
The MRFU made attempts to get another organization to take over the operations of the St.John's for the 1933 season. Although there was interest in taking over the team on a permanent basis, there was no interest in being custodian of the team for just one season.
In August, the players of the St.John's were dispersed between the Winnipegs and the Garrison. The Garrison was an Army team and only servicemen were eligible to play on the team. The Garrison claimed the only player who qualified (Alf Woods) and the remainder of the players ended up in the camp of the Winnipegs.
With an abundance of players available the Winnipegs operated two teams in 1933. The best players ended up on the Winnipegs who were wearing brand new blue jerseys (they weren't blue & gold until 1934). The remaining players wore the old green jerseys and they played under the name Shamrocks.
The Winnipeg St.John's failed to re-form in 1934.
The British Columbia Rugby Football Union did not have regular season play, but did play 8 games in 3 multi-game series to determine a western semi finalist, and later another final for the league championship.
Regular season
Final regular season standings
Note: GP = Games Played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, PF = Points For, PA = Points Against, Pts = Points
*Bold text means that they have clinched the playoffs.
*The Huskies defaulted the final game of the season to the Millers
League Champions
Grey Cup Playoffs
Note: All dates in 1933
BCRFU Semu-Finals Series
New Westminster Dodekas win series on points, 14-11, advance to BCRFU finals series
Vancouver Meralomas win series 2 games to 1, advance to BCRFU finals series
BCRFU Finals Series
Vancouver Meralomas win series on points, 31-10
BCRFU Final
Vancouver Meralomas, evidentially playing a second final, win the BCRFU championship
WICRFU Final
University of British Columbia Varsity, in front of a sellout crowd of 2500, win the western collegiate championship
CIRFU Final
Toronto Varsity Blues quit the Grey Cup championship to focus on studies.
Sarnia received a bye to the Grey Cup
West Semi-Finals
Winnipeg advances to the Western Final.
Calgary advances to the Western Final.
FINALS
Winnipeg will face Toronto in the Semi-Final.
Toronto won the total-point series by 20–9. Toronto advances to the Grey Cup Semi-Final.
East Semi-Final
Toronto Varsity Blues quit the Grey Cup championship to focus on studies.
Sarnia received a bye to the Grey Cup
Grey Cup Semi-Final
Toronto advances to the Grey Cup Final.
Playoff Bracket
Grey Cup Championship
1933 Ontario Rugby Football Union All-Stars
NOTE: During this time most players played both ways, so the All-Star selections do not distinguish between some offensive and defensive positions.
QB – Alex Hayes, Sarnia Imperials
FW – Claude Harris, Sarnia Imperials
FW – Art Synder, Toronto Balmy Beach Beachers
HB – Norm Perry, Sarnia Imperials
HB – Joe Connelly, St. Michael's College
DB – Hugh Sterling, Sarnia Imperials
E – Syd Reynolds, Toronto Balmy Beach Beachers
E – Jimmy Burke, St. Michael's College
C – John Metras, St. Michael's College
G – Norman Mountain, Hamilton Tiger Cubs
G – Johnny Baker, Sarnia Imperials
T – Gil Putnam, Sarnia Imperials
T – Clarence Burt, St. Michael's College
1933 Canadian Football Awards
Jeff Russel Memorial Trophy (IRFU MVP) – Huck Welch (RB), Montreal AAA Winged Wheelers
References
Canadian Football League seasons
Adrian Hall may refer to:
Adrian Hall (artist) (born 1943), English artist
Adrian Hall (actor) (born 1959), English actor
Adrian Hall (director), American theater director
Adrian Hall (Home and Away), a fictional character from the soap opera Home and Away
Kudumbam (English: Family) is a 1967 Indian Malayalam film, directed by M. Krishnan Nair and produced by Muhammad Assam. The film stars Prem Nazir, Sathyan, Sheela and Adoor Bhasi in the lead roles. The film had musical score by R. Sudarsanam.
Cast
Prem Nazir
Sathyan
Sheela
Adoor Bhasi
T. S. Muthaiah
Pankajavalli
Soundtrack
The music was composed by R. Sudarsanam and lyrics was written by Vayalar Ramavarma.
References
External links
1967 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Indian drama films
Films with screenplays by Thoppil Bhasi
Films directed by M. Krishnan Nair
Dodgingtown is a census-designated place (CDP) in the town of Newtown, Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States. It is on the west side of Newtown and is bordered to the west by the town of Bethel. Connecticut Route 302 passes through the center of the community.
Dodgingtown was first listed as a CDP prior to the 2020 census.
References
Census-designated places in Fairfield County, Connecticut
Census-designated places in Connecticut
Short Trips: The Quality of Leadership is a Big Finish original anthology edited by Keith R.A. DeCandido and based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who. The theme of the collection is the Doctor's encounters with leadership throughout time and space.
Stories
Notes
One Fateful Knight serves as a prequel/sequel to the Seventh Doctor TV show Battlefield, which revealed that the Seventh Doctor would become Merlin in their future; One Fateful Knight tells the tale of the Eighth Doctor's discovery of the full details of their time as Merlin.
External links
Big Finish Productions - Short Trips: The Quality of Leadership
2008 fiction books
Big Finish Short Trips
"People of the Sun" is a song by Armenian child singer Betty. It represented Armenia at the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2014 in Marsa, Malta, placing 3rd with 146 points.
Music video
The music video was released on YouTube on 29 October 2014, and is a unique "selfie video," which includes a bike trip around Yerevan and playing a guitar. This was taken from the humorous point of view from Wiwibloggs: "Do not try this at home!"
Live Performances
National Selection
Betty first sang "People of the Sun" at Armenia's national selection for JESC 2014 on 14 September. At the end of transmission, they earned the right to represent Armenia at the 12th edition of the Junior Eurovision Song Contest in Malta.
Junior Eurovision
Betty's performance for Malta was very different from the national selection. For the actual Junior Eurovision Song Contest itself, Betty was joined by two dancers and three acrobats. At the close of the voting, Armenia placed 3rd in a field of 16 songs, scoring 146 points.
External links
Official Music Video
References
Armenian songs
Junior Eurovision songs
2014 singles
2014 songs
Eliezer (ben Solomon) of Touques was a French tosafist, who lived at Touques in the second half of the thirteenth century. They abridged the tosafot of Samson of Sens, Samuel of Évreux, and many others, and added thereto marginal notes of their own, entitled "Gilyon Tosafot," or "Tosafot Gillayon". This abridgment, together with the notes, after undergoing many alterations and receiving several additions from later authorities, was called Tosafot Ṭuk; it forms the foundation of the Tosafot now printed with the Talmud.
Gershon Soncino, who printed Eliezer's tosafot for the first time, says in the preface to Ḳimḥi's Miklol edited by them (Constantinople, 1532–34) that they collected them in various places in France, especially in Chambéry, Savoy. Eliezer was also the author of a commentary on the Pentateuch, mentioned in a list of works appended to the manuscript of Ibn Janaḥ's Sefer ha-Riḳmah, now in the Bibliothèque Nationale, Paris (No. 1216).
Jewish Encyclopedia bibliography
Azulai, Shem ha-Gedolim, ii., s.v. תוספות;
Zunz, p. 39;
Gross, Gallia Judaica, p. 209;
Rabbinowicz, Ma'amar 'al Hadfasat ha-Talmud, p. 23, Munich, 1877;
Michael, Or ha-Ḥayyim, No. 424.
References
13th-century French rabbis
French Tosafists
People from Calvados (department)
Richter Peaks () is a group of peaks rising to about 1,385 m located near the southern extremity of the Walton Mountains, situated in the central portion of Alexander Island, Antarctica. The peaks were named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Joseph J. Richter, United States Antarctic Research Program biologist, Palmer Station, 1965–66 and 1966–67.
See also
Landers Peaks
Mussorgsky Peaks
Staccato Peaks
Mountains of Alexander Island
Dmitri Gogolev (born November 25, 1972 in Murmansk, USSR) is a former Russian professional ice hockey forward who last played for Krylya Sovetov team in Russia.
Both of Gogolev's sons played hockey. Their eldest son Alexander played professional hockey in Russia while their youngest son currently plays in the OHL.
Honours
Italian championship: 1999 (With HC Merano)
Career statistics
References
External links
1972 births
Ak Bars Kazan players
HC CSKA Moscow players
HC Merano players
Metallurg Magnitogorsk players
Metallurg Novokuznetsk players
Severstal Cherepovets players
HC Spartak Moscow players
HC Vítkovice players
EC KAC players
Krylya Sovetov Moscow players
Living people
Russian ice hockey right wingers
Soviet ice hockey right wingers
Soviet Wings players
HC Vityaz players
People from Murmansk
Sportspeople from Murmansk Oblast
Marina Anatolyevna Melnikova (; born 5 February 1989) is a Russian tennis player.
They have won six singles and 15 doubles titles on the ITF Circuit. On 4 May 2015, Melnikova reached their best singles ranking of world No. 170. On 20 June 2016, they peaked at No. 80 in the doubles rankings.
Melnikova made their WTA Tour debut 2008 at Barcelona and also featured 2009 in the Rosmalen Open, both times in the doubles draw. They were a finalist at the ITF Delhi in doubles, alongside Elise Mertens.
Personal life and background
Melnikova is currently coached by Oleg Mannapov. Them father is Anatoliy, mother is Elena, and brother is Sergey. They started playing at age seven when introduced to the sport by their dad. Them favorite surfaces are hard and clay. After finishing school in 2008, they moved from Russia to Germany, and they speak fluently English and German.
Grand Slam performance timeline
Singles
WTA career finals
Doubles: 1 (runner-up)
WTA 125 tournament finals
Doubles: 1 (runner-up)
ITF Circuit finals
Singles: 17 (7 titles, 10 runner–ups)
Doubles: 36 (15 titles, 21 runner–ups)
Notes
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Russian expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Sportspeople from North Rhine-Westphalia
Sportspeople from Perm, Russia
Russian female tennis players
'10' is the 9th studio album, and 10th overall release by the Rock band Enuff Z'Nuff. By fans, it is sometimes seen as the poppier counterpart to their harder sounding Paraphernalia record, as both albums were recorded and released during a similar time frame. The album cover art for '10' is a direct reference to the band's debut album, released a decade earlier. While the original U.S. edition of the album included a video for the single "There Goes My Heart" in QuickTime format, '10' was released first in Japan through the Pony Canyon label. The band also toured Japan in 2000 in support of the CD, which peaked at #60 on the Japanese music charts. The song "There Goes My Heart" was later featured in a trailer for the 2008 film The Promotion.
Track listing
Japanese Track List
^ - Originally Released on US "Paraphernalia" (1999) but now featuring different lyrics and Chip Z'Nuff on vocals.
Personnel
Donnie Vie – lead vocals, guitars and keyboards
Chip Z'Nuff – bass guitar, guitars and vocals
Johnny Monaco – lead guitar
Ricky Parent – drums
Liner Notes
Produced By : Chip and Donnie
Mixed By : Chris Shepard
Additional Mixing By : Doug McBride, Johnny K, Bill Douglas
Recorded At : Star Trax, Groove Master, Velvet Shirts Studios, Gravity Studios
Additional Guitars : Billy Corgan, French, and Derek Frigo
References
Enuff Z'nuff albums
2000 albums
Spitfire Records albums
