KWIT (90.3 FM) is the National Public Radio member station for Sioux City, Iowa and northwestern Iowa. It airs a mix of NPR programming and classical music. Owned by Western Iowa Tech Community College, it operates a full-time satellite, KOJI (90.7 FM) in Okoboji, Iowa. It is the largest NPR station in Iowa that is not a part of Iowa Public Radio.
KWIT signed on for the first time on January 31, 1978. Prior to then, most of the area got grade B coverage from WOI in Ames, and from KUSD in Vermillion, South Dakota.
After several years of branding as "KWIT-KOJI", in 2017 it adopted the on-air name "Siouxland Public Media".
External links
KWIT official website
NPR member stations
WIT
The Industrial Union of Marine and Shipbuilding Workers of America (IUMSWA) was an American labor union which existed between 1933 and 1988.
The IUMSWA was first organised at the New York Shipbuilding Corporation shipyard in Camden, New Jersey after striking in 1934 and 1935. From here it slowly spread to a number of other private shipyards in the Northeast, gaining representation at the Staten Island shipyard in 1936, the Federal Shipyard in 1937, Brooklyn and Hoboken in 1939, Baltimore and Sparrows Point in 1941, as well as a range of other smaller ship repair yards in the New York area. The IUMSWA's industrial coverage of all production workers in the shipbuilding industry brought it into conflict with established craft unions, such as the boilermakers, leading the IUMSWA to be refused an AFL charter in 1933. The IUMSWA later joined the Congress of Industrial Organizations in 1936.
In 1940, the membership was about 100,000. IUMSWA gained size and strength during the World War II shipbuilding effort, and membership reached about 250,000. IUMSWA Local 15 signed a contract on May 15, 1941 covering workers at Bethlehem Steel Corporation's shipyard in Hoboken, New Jersey. This ended the company's policy of an open shop in shipbuilding, and was an important step towards the steelworkers Organizing Committee (SWOC-CIO)'s success in the organizing the workers in Bethlehem's steel manufacturing plants.
The IUMSWA generally had a weak track record on the issues of racism and the rights of Black workers, often acquiescing to the racism of white workers, particularly in the South. Anti-racist initiatives within the IUMSWA came from local activists and not from national officers. The most successful example of anti-racist activism within the union was due to left-wing trade unionists organizing to integrate the Federal Shipbuilding and Drydock Company. Black and Jewish activists including Bob Monroe, Lou Kaplan and Al Elliott, as well as members of the Philadelphia Black community, were instrumental in the push to desegregate the shipyards at the Sun Shipbuilding & Drydock Co. Anti-racist efforts were much less successful in Mobile, Alabama. IUMSWA organizers at the Alabama Drydock and Shipbuilding Company bowed to pressures from Southern segregationists in order to cater to white workers. Black workers and women workers were included at Bethlehem Steel's Fore River Shipyard and Sparrows Point locations, but they were generally consigned to auxiliary yards that only lasted for the duration of World War II.
The membership of the union declined after the war ended.
In the 1970s and 1980s, the union was known for its efforts in worker health and safety.
IUMSWA was merged with the International Association of Machinists in 1988.
Presidents
1934: John Green
1951: John J. Grogan
1968: Andrew Pettis
1970s: Eugene L. McCabe
1975: Frank Derwin
1980s: Arthur Batson
References
External links
Industrial Union of Marine and Shipbuilding Workers of America (IUMSWA) archives, 1934-1970. 188.75 linear feet. University of Maryland Libraries, Labor History Collections.
Andrew Pettis papers, 1924-1972. 23.50 linear feet, University of Maryland Libraries, Labor History Collections. Former president of IUMSWA
A. G. Delman papers, Former director of publicity and research, University of Maryland Libraries
Robert W. Pemberton papers, 1918-1999. 3.00 linear feet, University of Maryland Libraries, State of Maryland and Historical Collections. Working files of a National Vice President and Secretary-Treasurer of IUMSWA, who was associated with the Sparrow Point and Key Highway shipyards in Baltimore.
1933 establishments in the United States
1988 disestablishments in the United States
Defunct trade unions in the United States
Industrial unions
Shipbuilding trade unions
International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers
There have been two baronetcies created for persons with the surname Bethune, one in the Baronetage of Nova Scotia and one in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom.
The Sharp, later Bethune Baronetcy, of Scotscraig in the County of Fife, was created in the Baronetage of Nova Scotia on 21 April 1683 for William Sharp. The sixth Baronet married Margaret, daughter of John Bethune. The baronetcy became dormant on their death in 1780. It remained so until 1916 when it was successfully claimed by Alexander Sharp Bethune, the ninth Baronet, who had assumed the additional surname of Sharp. They were the grandson of Lieutenant-General Alexander Sharp, de jure seventh Baronet, who assumed the surname of Bethune in lieu of Sharp in 1815. The title became extinct on the death of the tenth Baronet in 1997.
The Bethune Baronetcy, of Kilconquhar in the County of Fife, was created in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom on 7 March 1836. For more information on this creation, see the Earl of Lindsay.
Sharp, later Bethune baronets, of Scotscraig (1683)
Sir William Sharp, 1st Baronet (–1712)
Sir James Sharp, 2nd Baronet (died 1738)
Sir James Sharp, 3rd Baronet (died c. 1748)
Sir William Sharp, 4th Baronet (c. 1754)
Sir Alexander Sharp, 5th Baronet (died c. 1770)
Sir William Sharp, 6th Baronet (1729–1780) (dormant)
Sir Alexander Sharp Bethune, de jure 7th Baronet (1771–1847)
Sir Alexander Bethune, de jure 8th Baronet (1824–1900)
Sir Alexander Sharp Bethune, 9th Baronet (1860–1917) (revived 1916)
Sir Alexander Maitland Sharp Bethune, 10th Baronet (1909–1997)
Bethune baronets, of Kilconquhar (1836)
see the Earl of Lindsay
References
Kidd, Charles, Williamson, David (editors). Debrett's Peerage and Baronetage (1990 edition). New York: St Martin's Press, 1990.
Extinct baronetcies in the Baronetage of Nova Scotia
Extinct baronetcies in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom
Healthcare in Wiltshire, England, is the responsibility of the integrated care board (ICB) for Bath and North East Somerset, Swindon and Wiltshire.
History
Prior to 2022
Victoria Hospital in Swindon was established in 1887, at first with 12 beds, increasing to 22 by 1904; it finally closed in 2007.
From 1947 to 1974, NHS services in Wiltshire were managed by the South-West Metropolitan Regional Hospital Board (covering New Sarum, Wilton, and the rural districts of Amesbury, Mere and Tisbury, and Salisbury and Wilton), by the South-Western Board (responsible for the Lyme Regis area) and by Oxford Regional Hospital Board (Marlborough and Swindon). In 1965 a new board was formed for Wessex which covered the boroughs of New Sarum and Wilton and the rural districts of Amesbury, Mere and Tisbury, and Salisbury and Wilton.
In 1974 the boards were abolished and replaced by regional health authorities, with the whole of Wiltshire coming under the Wessex RHA. Regions were reorganised in 1996 and Dorset came under the South and West Regional Health Authority. Wiltshire had three area health authorities: Wiltshire, Salisbury and Swindon, from 1974 until 1994 when it was united into one authority for Bath and Wiltshire. Regional health authorities were reorganised and renamed strategic health authorities in 2002; Wiltshire was part of Avon, Gloucestershire and Wiltshire SHA. In 2006 regions were again reorganised and Wiltshire came under NHS South West until that was abolished in 2013. There was one primary care trust for the county.
Bath, Swindon and Wiltshire formed a sustainability and transformation plan area in March 2016, chaired from December 2019 by Stephanie Elsy, a former leader of Southwark Council.
Commissioning prior to 2022
Bath and North East Somerset, Swindon and Wiltshire clinical commissioning group (CCG) was formed in April 2020 by merging three CCGs which covered Bath and North East Somerset, Swindon and Wiltshire. At that time the combined CCG had an annual budget of £1.3 billion and served a population of 934,000 across an area of . The CCG's headquarters were in Chippenham and it had offices in Bath, Devizes and Swindon. Its chief executive was Tracey Cox, formerly a manager at Bath and North East Somerset Primary Care Trust and then the corresponding CCG.
Swindon CCG agreed in June 2015 to fund a community therapy team at the Prospect Hospice, providing occupational and physiotherapy at home, in order to reduce pressure on hospital beds. Wiltshire CCG expected a £23 million funding gap in 2016/17 and to miss its financial target by £4.8m in 2015/6. Consequently it capped the amount of planned care delivered in hospitals, limited the number of funded procedures, and recovered money from drug companies.
Since 2022
In July 2022, integrated care boards (ICBs) were established throughout NHS England to plan and deliver health and care services, replacing CCGs. Wiltshire is covered by the board for Bath and North East Somerset, Swindon and Wiltshire, which is branded as BSW Together. Stephanie Elsy continued in the new role of ICB chair, and Sue Harriman – formerly a nurse and chief executive of Solent NHS Trust – was appointed as the first chief executive of the ICB.
The ICB is required to work with local authorities to create an integrated care partnership (ICP) committee, to include local organisations such as the voluntary sector and social enterprises. The ICP works on prevention, wider social and economic factors affecting health, and reducing health inequalities. The first ICP chair is Richard Clewer, leader of Wiltshire Council.
Primary care
, there were 22 GP practices in Swindon and 49 in Wiltshire; the CCG's 94 practices are grouped into 23 primary care networks. Out-of-hours services are provided by Medvivo.
Community care
Community child health services, including children's specialist community nursing, health visiting and speech and language therapy, have been run by Virgin Care since April 2016. They were formerly run by five separate NHS organisations.
Swindon Council and Swindon Clinical Commissioning Group set up a contract with SEQOL, a newly formed community interest company, to provide a variety of adult social care services in 2011. The council paid £9.4 million and the CCG £17 million a year. In March 2016, they decided not to renew the contract because of performance problems: in 2014-15 the average daily rate, per 100,000 population, of delayed hospital discharges from hospital attributable to social care was 6.9 in Swindon, compared to a national average of 3.7. SEQOL requested to end their involvement without completing the 12 months' notice provided in the contract, and from October 2016, Great Western Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust were responsible for these services. SEQOL's staff returned to employment by the hospital or the council, and the company intended to cease trading.
From April 2022, community cardiology services in Wiltshire are provided by Wiltshire Health and Care LLP, who already ran community hospitals in the county. These services include diagnostics, assessment and advice, and rehabilitation of heart failure patients.
Mental health
Avon and Wiltshire Mental Health Partnership NHS Trust (AWP) provides adult mental health and related services in Wiltshire and the former county of Avon, an area centered on Bristol.
From April 2010, Oxford Health NHS Foundation Trust has provided tiers 3 and 4 of Child and Adolescent Mental Health Services (CAMHS) in Wiltshire and Bath and North East Somerset following a competitive tender. Previously this service had been operated by three providers, though primarily AWP. The service is jointly funded by the NHS and local authorities.
Hospital provision
Great Western Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust and Salisbury NHS Foundation Trust are the main acute providers in the county. In June 2018 they agreed to form an alliance with Royal United Hospitals Bath NHS Foundation Trust, as they provide most of the hospital services in the Bath, North East Somerset, Swindon and Wiltshire sustainability and transformation plan area.
Community hospitals at Chippenham, Devizes, Melksham, Marlborough (Savernake), Trowbridge and Warminster are run since 2016 by Wiltshire Health and Care LLP. The Chippenham and Trowbridge hospitals have minor injuries units.
References
External links
BSW Together – the integrated care system
Wiltshire
Caerwyn Eifion Roderick (15 July 1927 – 16 October 2011) was a British Labour Party politician. They were Member of Parliament (MP) for Brecon and Radnor from 1970 to 1979, when they lost to the Conservative candidate Tom Hooson.
Early life
Roderick was the son of David Morgan Roderick of Ystradgynlais, Powys. A Welsh-speaker, they were educated locally and at the University College of North Wales, Bangor. In 1949, they took up a teaching post at Caterham, Surrey and later taught at Brecon boys' grammar school (1954–57) and Hartridge high school, Newport (1960–69). From 1954 until 1957 they worked for the National Coal Board.
Parliamentary career
In 1969, Roderick was chosen as Labour candidate for Brecon and Radnor, in succession to Tudor Watkins, who had held the seat since 1945. At the 1970 General Election, Roderick had a majority of 4,844, little more than half that obtained by their predecessor four years previously.
Roderick proved to be an assiduous and active constituency member, campaigning to prevent further rail closures and the proposed creation of a reservoir which would entail the flooding of the Senni Valley. They also supported cheaper petrol for rural areas and was a pioneer of free public transport. Labour's main strength in the constituency lay in the industrial townships in its southern extremities, including Roderick's home village of Ystradgynlais. However, the party's hold on the constituency since 1945 also depended upon support in the rural areas and this became increasingly unstable in the 1970s. Roderick's majority fell to 2,277 at the General Election of February 1974 and only recovered to 3.012 in October when the party did much better nationally.
Following Labour's return to office in 1974, Roderick became successively parliamentary private secretary to Eric Heffer, Tony Benn and, from 1975, Michael Foot. Foot became deputy leader of the Labour Party the following year. Roderick was a strong supporter of devolution for Wales but opposed the Common Market which they considered an unmitigated disaster. They also opposed the Vietnam war and apartheid in South Africa and was a member of the Tribune group of Labour MPs.
At the 1979 General Election, Roderick failed to hold their marginal seat, which fell to the Conservatives. Since then, Labour has never regained the seat; their former voters turned to the Liberal Democrats instead.
Later life and career
Roderick's parliamentary career ended with their defeat, although they became a member of South Glamorgan County Council in 1980 and remained a member until the authority was abolished in 1996. From 1980 until 1991, Roderick was a district officer of the National Union of Teachers, for whom they had been a parliamentary consultant while an MP.
Roderick welcomed the result of the 1997 referendum on devolution, which led to the establishment of the Welsh Assembly. However, they gradually distanced themselves from the Labour Party, having been disappointed by the direction of the Blair government.
Roderick married their wife Eirlys in 1952, and they had three children and six grandchildren. They died on 16 October 2011, aged 84.
References
Sources
Online
External links
1927 births
2011 deaths
Welsh Labour Party MPs
UK MPs 1970–1974
UK MPs 1974
UK MPs 1974–1979
Members of South Glamorgan County Council
We Love TV is a British game show that aired on ITV from 14 September 1984 to 16 August 1986 and is hosted by Gloria Hunniford.
Transmissions
External links
1980s British game shows
1984 British television series debuts
1986 British television series endings
London Weekend Television shows
English-language television shows
Television series by ITV Studios
Lansing () is a town in Tompkins County, New York, United States. The population was 11,033 at the 2010 census. The town is named after John Lansing. People from Lansing were early settlers of Lansing, Michigan, and named it after their hometown; it later became the capital of Michigan.
The Town of Lansing has within it a village named Lansing. The town is located on the northern border of Tompkins County, just north of the City of Ithaca.
In December 2014, the Lansing Town Board unanimously adopted a resolution recognizing freedom from domestic violence as a fundamental human right.
History
Lansing, located on the Eastern shore of Cayuga Lake in the Finger Lakes district of New York, is known best as a small town close to Ithaca, New York. Lansing was within the realm of the Cayuga tribe. The Sullivan Expedition of 1779 passed through the area to destroy native villages in retaliation for raids on colonists.
In 1780, the area was divided into lots (the Central New York Military Tract) to pay the Revolutionary war soldiers for their service. The first settlers came to Lansing in 1781. John Lemming, Jr., secretary to General Schuyler, was charged with granting this land. The Town of Lansing was formed in 1817 from the Town of Genoa, Cayuga County, when Tompkins County was founded.
From 1942, the Watchtower Bible College of Gilead was in South Lansing, established to train Christian Missionaries from Jehovah's Witnesses until 1960. Later the name was changed to the Watchtower Bible School of Gilead and moved to New York City. The Rogues' Harbor Inn was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the town has a total area of 69.9 square miles (181.1 km2), of which, 60.7 square miles (157.3 km2) of it is land and 9.2 square miles (23.9 km2) of it (13.17%) is water.
The north town line is the border of Cayuga County, and the west town line is delineated by Cayuga Lake, one of the Finger Lakes. Salmon Creek flows into the lake near Myers.
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 10,521 people, 4,374 households, and 2,668 families residing in the town. The population density was 173.3 people per square mile (66.9/km2). There were 4,634 housing units at an average density of 76.3 per square mile (29.5/km2). The racial makeup of the town was 84.09% White, 4.09% Black or African American, 0.19% Native American, 8.86% Asian, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 0.73% from other races, and 2.01% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.35% of the population.
There were 4,374 households, out of which 30.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.3% were married couples living together, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.0% were non-families. 30.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.95.
In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.1% under the age of 18, 7.7% from 18 to 24, 32.7% from 25 to 44, 23.5% from 45 to 64, and 10.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.6 males.
The median income for a household in the town was $48,250, and the median income for a family was $59,758. Males had a median income of $38,146 versus $31,250 for females. The per capita income for the town was $25,634. About 4.2% of families and 6.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 5.1% of those under age 18 and 3.1% of those age 65 or over.
Communities and locations in the Town of Lansing
Asbury – A hamlet north of Lansing village.
Buck Corners – A location south of Lansingville.
Dublin Corners – A location north of South Lansing.
East Lansing – A location near the east town line.
Head Corners – A hamlet east of Asbury.
Howland Corners – A hamlet on the east town line.
Howser Corners – A location south of North Lansing.
Ithaca-Tompkins Regional Airport (ITH) – The airport serving the Ithaca area is northeast of Lansing village in the south part of the town.
Lake Ridge – A hamlet on NY-34B in the northwest part of Lansing.
Lake Ridge Point – A projection into Cayuga Lake in the northwest part of Lansing.
Lansing – The Village of Lansing is near the south town line on NY-13.
Lansing Residential Center – A New York medium security correctional facility for girls.
Lansing Station – A location near the shore of Cayuga Lake.
Lansingville – A hamlet in the northwest part of the town.
Ludlowville – A hamlet northwest of South Lansing.
McKinneys – A hamlet near the shore of Cayuga Lake and on NY-34 in the southwest corner of Lansing.
Midway – A hamlet on NY-34, north of Terpening Corners.
Munson Corners – A location near the east town line.
Myers – A hamlet west of South Lansing.
Norten – A hamlet on the shore of Cayuga Lake north of Portland.
North Lansing – A hamlet on NY-34 in the northeast corner of the town.
Portland – A hamlet on the shore of Cayuga Lake by Portland Point.
Portland Point – A projection into Cayuga Lake in the southwest part of Lansing.
Rogues Harbor – A former section of the town known for thievery and misbehavior.
Smith Corners – A location on the east town line.
South Lansing – A hamlet and census-designated place at the junction of NY-34 and NY-34B in the western part of the town.
Terpening Corners – A hamlet east of South Lansing by NY-34.
References
External links
Town of Lansing, NY
Towns in Tompkins County, New York
Populated places established in 1817
1817 establishments in New York (state)
The real economy concerns the production, purchase and flow of goods and services (like oil, bread and labour) within an economy. It is contrasted with the financial economy, which concerns the aspects of the economy that deal purely in transactions of money and other financial assets, which represent ownership or claims to ownership of real sector goods and services.
In the real economy, spending is considered to be "real" as money is used to effect non-notional transactions, for example wages paid to employees to enact labour, bills paid for provision of fuel, or food purchased for consumption. The transaction includes the deliverance of something other than money or a financial asset. In this way, the real economy is focused on the activities that allow human beings to directly satisfy their needs and desires, apart from any speculative considerations. Economists became increasingly interested in the real economy (and its interaction with the financial economy) in the late 20th century as a result of increased global financialization, described by Krippner as "a pattern of accumulation in which profits accrue primarily through financial channels rather than through trade and commodity production".
The real sector is sensitive to the effect liquidity has on asset prices, for example if the market is saturated and asset prices collapse. In the real sector this uncertainty can mean a slowdown in aggregate demand (and in the monetary sector, an increase in the demand for money).
Schools of thought
In the neoclassical school of economics, the classical dichotomy dictates that real and nominal values in the economy can be analysed distinctly. Thus, the real sector value is determined by an actor's tastes and preferences and the cost of production, while the monetary sector only plays the part of influencing the price level, so in this simplified example the role of the supply and demand is generally limited to the quantity theory of money).
Keynesian theory rejects the classical dichotomy. Keynesians and monetarists reject it on the basis that prices are sticky – prices fail to adjust in the short run, so that an increase in the money supply raises aggregate demand and thus alters real macroeconomic variables. Post-Keynesians reject the classic dichotomy as well, for different reasons, emphasizing the role of banks in creating money, as in monetary circuit theory.
Dichotomous market theory proposes that real sector outcomes are independent of the monetary sector, related also to the idea of money neutrality.
Real property
Higher interest rates in the 1980s and 1990s reduced cash flows and decreased asset prices in several OECD countries especially as declining prices in real estate and loan losses reduced equity in the banking sector lending decreased. As real estate values declined sharply in the Northeastern United States lending also decreased.
Real variables
Since the real economy refers to all real or non financial elements of an economy, it can be modeled by using only real variables, which don't need a monetary system to be represented. In this way, real variables are:
Wages: don't need to be expressed in monetary term, they can be expressed in real terms in any real unit
Ex: 5 oranges for an hour of work (this is related to the concept of purchasing power parity, which can be expressed in the Big Mac Index)
Output: can be expressed in terms of real unit
Ex: a furniture company produces 20 tables and 40 chairs per day
Financial vs. real economy
According to the classical dichotomy, the nominal and real economy could be analyzed separately. Mainstream economists often see financial markets as a means of equilibrating savings and investments, intertemporally allocated towards their best usage anchored by fundamentals within the economy. Banks thus act as an intermediary between savings and investments. Financial markets according to the efficient-market hypothesis are deemed to be efficient based on all available information. The market interest rate is determined by the supply and demand for loanable funds.
There is some disagreement as to whether the financial sector and asset markets impact the real economy. Economist Mathias Binswanger demonstrated that since the 1980s, the results of the stock market do not seem to lead to increases in real economic activity, in contrast to the results found in Fama (1990), who found that increases in the stock market appear to lead to increases in the real economy. Binswanger attributes this difference based on the possibility of speculative bubbles for the economy during the 1980s and 1990s. Through analyzing seven countries, economist Kateřina Krchnivá found that an increase in the stock market predicts an increase in the real economy with the lag of one quarter, without any feedback relationship existing the other way around.
Irving Fischer developed the theory of debt deflation during the Great Depression to explain the linkages between the financial sector and the real economy. In their model, recessions and depressions are caused by an overall rise in the real debt level thanks to deflation. As a result, debt liquidation occurs followed by distress selling and a contraction of deposit currency. This leads to a further decrease in the price level and a wave of business bankruptcies, creating a drop in output, trade and employment. Pessimism and loss of confidence occur, leading to further hoarding and slower circulation of currency causing complicated disturbances in the interest rate. Fischer's remedy for when this sequence of events occur is to reflate prices back to its initial level, preventing that "vicious spiral" of debt deflation.
Alternatively, John Maynard Keynes proposed the idea of liquidity preference as a means to explain how changes in investors' liquidity based on their unstable preferences in financial markets could lead to changes in real variables like output and employment. Thus, under conditions of fundamental uncertainty, liquidity becomes highly attractive to investors. Keynesian economics is concerned with ways of shaping investors' liquidity preference through monetary and fiscal policy channels in order to achieve Full Employment. The monetary authority can encourage more private investment through a reduction in the interest rate, while fiscal policy, a positive trade balance and housing credit expansions can also lead to further growth in the real economy.
References
Sources
1. Brender, A., Pisani, F. and Gagna, E. (2015). Money, Finance, and the Real Economy: What Has Gone Wrong? Centre for European Policy Studies, Brussels.
2. Christensen, Alex (2015). "Where do financial markets end and the 'real economy' begin? Globalriskinsights.com.
External links
Real Economy at Corporate Finance Institute
Subfields of economics
Economics catchphrases
Woodside Park is a suburban residential area in London, England.
Woodside Park may also refer to:
Woodside Park (Silver Spring, Maryland), a neighborhood of Silver Spring, Maryland, United States
Woodside Amusement Park, a former amusement park in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States, constructed in 1897 and operated until 1955
Woodside Park tube station, the tube station for Woodside Park, England
Woodside Park (Wood Green, London), a park in Wood Green, north London, England
1CAK is an Indonesian entertainment site that provides images and videos uploaded by users, including Internet memes. 1CAK users can select and comment on images. Popular images appear on the main website.
History
1CAK was founded by Aji Ramadhan. Originally Aji created their website on 1cuk.com on 17 February 2012 but later changed the domain to 1cak.com on 30 September. They avoided the negative connotation of word cuk in Javanese.
The website had 25,000 registered users as of October 2012. As of November, 1CAK had 40,000 daily visitors and 160,000 daily page views.
In February 2014, 1CAK had 9 million page views monthly from 560,000 visitors.
Similarity to 9GAG
According to Tech in Asia, the interface of 1CAK is similar to 9GAG. The jokes created in the website were also similar with 9GAG with localized contexts. The founder themselves admitted that 1CAK is influenced by 9GAG but claimed that both was not exactly the same. According to Kompas, Ray Chan, when asked about 1CAK that clones their website, said they were "happy if 9Gag is able to inspire people and spread the fun."
Notes
References
External links
Official website
Indonesian entertainment websites
Internet properties established in 2012
Ireland–Philippines relations refer to the bilateral relations between Ireland and the Philippines. Ireland has an embassy in Manila. The Philippines once had an embassy in Dublin. However, due to supposed financial and organisational burdens, it was forced to close in 2012. Currently, the Philippine embassy in Ireland are represented via London (United Kingdom), with an honorary consulate based in Dublin.
History
Until comparatively recent times the story of Ireland–Philippines relations was that of a flow of Irish Catholic missionaries to the Philippines. Irish Catholic orders such as the Sisters of Charity founded houses in the Philippines as early as 1862. The Maynooth mission to China was extended to the Philippines in 1929.
In 1984, the two countries established formal diplomatic relations. In the 1980s, the Government of Ireland made representations to the Government of the Philippines concerning the welfare of missionaries in the Philippines.
Due to the presence of a strong common dominant faith, the Catholic faith, the Philippines has been described as “a sort of Catholic Ireland located off the coastline of Asia". A strong cultural link between the two countries is that many people in the Philippines have been educated by Irish missionaries. Irish missionary and charitable organisations such as Trócaire were involved in opposition to the Marcos regime in the Philippines.
Diplomatic missions
The Philippines is represented in Ireland by Antonio M. Lagdameo, non-resident Ambassador of the Philippines, who presented their credentials to President Michael D. Higgins on 19 April 2018. The Philippine Consulate in Dublin is headed by Honorary Consul Raymond Christopher Garrett who took office on 27 April 2019. The consulate is managed on a day-to-day basis by Director of Marketing and Communication Vanda Marie Brady. Mr. Garrett is the third honorary consul to Ireland, previously serving as director of operations under their predecessor Mark Congdon. Prior to this and prior to the opening of a short lived embassy the Honorary Consul position was help by John Ferris. Mr Ferris continues to be active in the Filipino community as a peace commissioner.
On 30 May 2009, President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo swore in Ariel Abadilla, as the Philippine's first full-time resident ambassador to Ireland. The appointment followed the announcement by the Department of Foreign Affairs of plans to open a number of new embassies and consulates in 2009 in an effort to reach out to and be of service to more Filipinos abroad who continue to move out of the country for better employment opportunities.
Ambassador Abadilla presented their letter of credence on 29 June 2009 to the President of Ireland, Mary McAleese at a ceremony held at the State Reception Room of Áras an Uachtaráin in Phoenix Park, Dublin.
On 16 July 2012, the Philippine embassy in Ireland was closed and in October 2012 an Honorary Consul was appointed. In November 2021, Ireland reopened its embassy in Manila.
References
Philippines
Bilateral relations of the Philippines
Iron(tetraporphyriinato) chloride is the coordination complex with the formula Fe(TPP)Cl where TPP is the dianion [C44H28N4]2-. The compound forms blue microcrystals that dissolve in chlorinated solvent to give brown solutions. In terms of structure, the complex is five-coordinate with idealized C4v point group symmetry. It is one of more common transition metal porphyrin complexes.
Synthesis and reactions
Fe(TPP)Cl is prepared by the reaction of tetraphenylporphyrin (H2TPP) and ferrous chloride in the presence of air:
H2TPP + FeCl2 + 1/4 O2 → Fe(TPP)Cl + HCl + 1/2 H2O
The chloride can be replaced with other halides and pseudohalides. Base gives the "mu-oxo dimer":
2 Fe(TPP)Cl + 2 NaOH → [Fe(TPP)]2O + 2 NaCl + H2O
Most relevant to catalysis, the complex is easily reduced to give ferrous derivatives (L = pyridine, imidazole):
Fe(TPP)Cl + e- + 2 L → Fe(TPP)L2 + Cl−
The complex is widely studied as a catalyst.
References
Chelating agents
Tetrapyrroles
Macrocycles
Phenyl compounds
"Reflections of a Sound" is a song by Australian rock band Silverchair and is the fourth track on their fifth studio album Young Modern, released in March 2007. The song was released on 14 July 2007 as the second single from that album. The single was only released in Australia in digital format.
Music video
The music video for the single premiered on 8 June 2007. It was shot in Queensland by directing duo Damon Escott and Stephen Lance and their producer Leanne Tonkes. Like the album art for Young Modern, is heavily influenced by the "De Stijl" art movement. References to other artists such as Dalí, Da Vinci, Magritte, Mondrian and Warhol are also made. Post production by Corner Post (Sydney).
Track listing
Australian Digital release
"Reflections of a Sound"
"Straight Lines (live from Carriageworks Album Launch)"
"Mind Reader (live from Carriageworks Album Launch)"
"Luv Your Life (live from Carriageworks Album Launch) (iTunes Store only)"
Australian Promo CD (ELEVENCDPRO72)
"Reflections of a Sound"
This single comes in a semi-clear 5" Cd, housed in cardboard sleeve.
References
2007 singles
Silverchair songs
Songs written by Daniel Johns
Song recordings produced by Nick Launay
2007 songs
Eleven: A Music Company singles
Song recordings produced by David Bottrill
Ananthapuri Express is an express train running between and via , Nagercoil, Tirunelveli, Madurai, Trichy and Viluppuram through the trunk line and chord lines in southern India. It is a daily overnight service. From Chennai Egmore, train no:16723 departs by 19:50 hours and reaches Kollam Junction at 13:00 hours the next day. The parallel train numbered 16724 starts 15:00 Hours from Kollam and reaches Chennai around 08:05 hours the next day.
History
The inauguration of this train was on 30 June 2002 operating six days a week. Later in 2005 it was made daily train. In the beginning it ran between and . It was named Ananthapuri after the city Thiruvananthapuram. In 2017 railway budget, it was extended to Kollam with effect from 1 November 2017.
Route
It runs along the Kollam–Thiruvananthapuram trunk line and other chord lines through one among the shortest routes from Kollam to Chennai via Thiruvananthapuram, Nagercoil, Tirunelveli, Virudhunagar, Madurai, Trichy, Viluppuram and Chengalpattu.
Halts
Kollam Junction → → → Thiruvananthapuram Central → → → → → → Aralvaimozhi → North Panagudi → Valliyur → Nanguneri → → → Kadambur → Kovilpatti → Satur → → Tirumangalam → → → → → → → → Melmaruvathur → → → → → Chennai Egmore
Schedule
16723 – Starts from Chennai Egmore daily at 20:10 IST and reaches Kollam Junction next day at 13:30 IST
16724 – Leaves Kollam Junction every day at 15:00 IST and reaches Chennai Egmore next day morning 08:10 IST
Coach composition
The train consists of 23 coaches as follows:
• 1 AC First cum AC 2 Tier
1 AC II Tier
3 AC III Tier
12 Sleeper class
4 General Unreserved
2 Seating cum Luggage Rakes
Incident
The engine of 16723 Express caught fire at Kollam Junction on 16 July 2018.
See also
Chennai Egmore–Kollam Junction Express
Guruvayur Express
Kollam–Visakhapatnam Express
Silambu Express
Pothigai Express
References
Rail transport in Kollam
Transport in Thiruvananthapuram
Transport in Chennai
Railway services introduced in 2002
Named passenger trains of India
Rail transport in Kerala
Rail transport in Tamil Nadu
Express trains in India
Murfin Music International and Murfin Media are companies run by Muff Murfin, and are based at The Old Smithy Studios in Kempsey, Worcestershire, England.
Murfin owns several radio stations in the UK, and also hires time at its studios to produce jingles for radio. Murfin, with their then music partner, Colin Owen, were billed as the M and O Band, and reached No. 16 in the UK Singles Chart in March 1976 with "Let's Do the Latin Hustle". The track was a cover version of the original recorded in 1975 by Eddie Drennon and B.B.S. Unlimited.
Biography
Murfin was a director and founder shareholder of The Bear 102 in Stratford-upon-Avon. The station started broadcasting in 1996. The Bear was later sold to the CN Group in 2001.
In 1998, Murfin became a director and significant founding shareholder of Mansfield 103.2, until they sold the shares in 2008. The station is local in output with all programmes being produced in the town. In 1999, Murfin purchased the Classic Gold station which serves Worcestershire and Herefordshire from GWR. Again, new studios were built and the station was moved to the new premises adjacent to the AM transmitter site in Worcester. The station was later re-launched as Classic Hits and then Sunshine 1530.
Murfin has written, performed and provided a wide range of music for advertising, radio and television programmes and their jingles have run on radio stations in the United Kingdom and around the world.
Radio stations
Current
Big City Radio which serves Aston and Central Birmingham
Sunshine 855 which serves South Shropshire, Herefordshire & Worcestershire
Sunshine Radio (FM) which serves Herefordshire and Monmouthshire
106.7 Youthcomm Radio (FM) which serves Herefordshire and Worcestershire
Closed
Sunshine 1530 which served Herefordshire and Worcestershire
Radio Maldwyn which served Mid Wales and The Borders
Production
Radio jingles
They were the UK agent for TM Studios.
References
External links
Official site
Article on plans to build a mini-empire of local radio stations
Old Smithy recording studios website
Interview with Murfin on RecordProduction.Com
British radio networks
Radio broadcasting companies of the United Kingdom
Jingle companies
Varaita Valley (in Italian Valle Varaita) is a valley in south-west of Piedmont, in the Province of Cuneo - Italy.
Etymology
It takes its name from the Varaita, a right-hand tributary of the Po which flows through the valley.
Geography
Close the French border the valley is divided in two sub-valleys named Valle di Bellino (south) and Valle di Chianale (north), which meet near Casteldelfino.
The municipalities of Varaita Valley are Bellino, Brossasco, Casteldelfino, Costigliole Saluzzo, Frassino, Isasca, Melle, Piasco, Pontechianale, Rossana, Sampeyre, Valmala, Venasca and Verzuolo.
Notable summits
The most important mountains of the valley are the Monviso (3.841 m) and its subpeaks.
Other relevant summits of the valley, all belonging to the Cottian Alps, are:
Valle di Chianale:
Monte Losetta - 3054 m
Monte Ruine - 3143 m
Monte Aiguillette - 3298 m
Pic d'Asti - 3219 m
Rocca Bianca - 3064 m
Monte Pelvo - 3024 m
Valle di Bellino:
Mongioia - 3340 m
Testa di Malacosta - 3212 m
Monte Ferra - 3094 m
Testa di Malacosta - 3212 m
Pelvo di Ciabrera - 3152 m
Pelvo d'Elva - 3046 m
Mid and lowest part of the valley:
Punta Rasciassa - 2664 m
Monte Nebin - 2510 m
Testa di Garitta Nuova - 2385 m
Monte Birrone - 2131 m
Monte Ricordone - 1764 m
Monte san Bernardo - 1625 m
Access
The valley can be reached by car/bus from Po Plain following the strada provinciale della Valle Varaita; it also can be accessed by the French region of Queyras by the Collle dell'Agnello, the third highest Alpine pass crossed by an asphalted road.
See also
Cottian Alps
Notes and references
External links
http://www.vallevaraita.cn.it/
Varaita
Varaita
Province of Cuneo
Bhupendra Thapa Magar is a Nepali professional boxer. They won the Gold Medal at 2019 South Asian Games held in Nepal. They represent Nepal Police Club.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
"Nothing to Lose" is a Dance-pop/electronic single recorded by Australian singer/songwriter Vassy, and co-produced with Tiësto. The track became their third number one single in the United States on Billboard's Dance Club Songs chart, reaching the summit in its February 4, 2017 issue.
Track listings
Digital download
"Nothing to Lose" - 3:28
Digital download (Remixes)
Nothing To Lose (Kue Remix)
Nothing To Lose (Kue Radio Mix)
Nothing To Lose (Anders Young Remix)
Nothing To Lose (Kobe Bourne And JK West Remix)
Nothing To Lose (OBIS Remix)
Nothing To Lose (Brierley Remix)
Nothing To Lose (Kue Radio Edit)
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
External links
Official Video at YouTube
2016 songs
2016 singles
2017 singles
Dance-pop songs
Electronic songs
House music songs
Songs written by Vassy (singer)
Songs written by Tiësto
Somalia competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil from 7 to 18 September 2016. The country's participation in Rio marked its debut appearance in the quadrennial event, although it had competed in the Summer Olympics nine times since the 1972 Games. The delegation consisted of a single middle-distance runner, Farhan Adawe, who qualified for the Games by meeting qualification standards in March 2016. They were chosen as the flag bearer for the opening ceremony and came ninth overall in their event, the men's 100 metres (T52), which led to their elimination from the Paralympics.
Background
Somalia had first competed in the Olympic Games at the 1972 Games in Munich, Germany. They participated on nine occasions prior to the 2016 Summer Paralympics, where they made their Summer Paralympics debut in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, with the exception of the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal and the 1980 Summer Games in the Soviet Union, the former because of a boycott relating to the New Zealand national rugby union team touring South Africa earlier in 1976, and the latter because the country joined the United States-led boycott over the 1979 invasion of Afghanistan during the Soviet–Afghan War. The nation also did not compete in the 1992 Summer Olympics, despite participating in the opening ceremony, because of the ongoing famine affecting the country.
Somalia was one of six countries to make their first appearance in the Paralympic Games; the others were Aruba, Congo, Malawi, São Tomé and Príncipe and Togo. The country participated in the Rio Paralympic Games from 7 to 18 September 2016. The Somalia Paralympic Committee sent a single middle-distance runner, Farhan Adawe, after the committee's secretary general Ali Ahmed Mohamud held discussions with Adawe about the opportunity to represent their country of which they accepted. A committee-formed goalball team composed of blind athletes failed to qualify for the Games. Two other Somali nationals competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics, but under the citizenships of other countries; they were Abdi Dini, for Canada and Abdi Jama for Great Britain. Adawe was chosen as the flag bearer for the opening ceremony.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Athletics
Farhan Adawe was the first Somali Paralympic athlete to compete at the quadrennial event and was 19 years old at the time of the Games. After the International Paralympic Committee granted Somalia's entry into the Paralympics, they requested that the nation make Adawe go through the routine qualifying procedures for all para-athletes. Adawe was placed in the T52 classification because their legs are unable to support them standing in an upright position and consequently used a wheelchair. They qualified for the Games by meeting qualification standards in an tournament held in Italy in March 2016 where they set a national record time of 18.83 seconds which was 1.67 seconds faster the standard qualifying time for the men's 100 metres (T52). Adawe was drawn in the contest's first heat on 9 September, finishing fifth out of eight competitors, with a time of 18.49 seconds. They placed ahead of Japan's Hirokazu Ueyonabaru (19.35 seconds) but behind Cristian Torres of Colombia (18.23) in a heat led by Gianfranco Iannotta of the United States (17.20 seconds). Adawe finished ninth out of fourteen para-athletes overall but did not advance into the final after being 0.08 seconds slower than the slowest competitor who made the last stage. Two months after the Games, they spoke of their desire to compete at the 2020 Summer Paralympics in Tokyo and wanted to promote para-sports in Somalia.
Men's Track
See also
Somalia at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Notes and references
Notes
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
Para
Sapphire is a fictional superhero published by DC Comics. They first appeared in the Power Company back-up story in JLA #61 (February 2002), but their origin is told in Power Company: Sapphire #1 (March 2002). Sapphire was created by Kurt Busiek and Tom Grummett.
Fictional character biography
Candice "Candy" Jean Gennaro, is a sixteen-year-old runaway and street thief on the streets of San Diego, California, who stumbles onto the scene of a battle between the Lord Kobra and their green armored forces, and Lady Eve's black armored splinter faction of the Kobra organization. Candy ends up trapped inside a forcefield thrown up by Kobra to keep out early respondents from the Justice League.
Candy falls into Kobra's Sea Serpent submarine while running across the impromptu dockside battlefield. While crawling through the submarine's ductwork to find a way out, they overhear Lord Naga-Naga themselves discussing the properties of the Serpent's Egg with two mutated Serpent Men and several human lackeys. The Serpent's Egg is a blue, gem-shaped alien artifact that fell to Earth centuries ago, it has psycho-interactive properties that would make for the perfect armor. Kobra had decided to steal the gem when they discovered that it was no longer dormant. Candy decides to see if they can use the Egg to help them escape and steals the Egg, and it bonds to their body forming a nearly impenetrable second skin which allows them to battle and escape Kobra's minions and the submarine, inadvertently thwarting Kobra's plan. Apparently the gem has lifebonded to Candy.
Fearful that Kobra and their forces will hunt them down, Candy decides to seek safety in numbers and heads for the headquarters of the newly-established Power Company. There they discover members of the mercenary group known as the Strike Force on the roof planning to assault the company. The Strike Force plans to take Josiah Power hostage and steal transportation out of the city. Candy engages the Strike Force but is knocked unconscious after a short struggle, the mercenaries are later defeated by a transformed Josiah Power. Due to these events Candy joins the Power Company as an Associate, using the codename Sapphire. They remain with the team until the series finale in issue #18.
Terror Titans
Sapphire has recently appeared in the Terror Titans mini-series, as one of a number of brainwashed young heroes made to fight each other by The Dark Side Club.
Powers and abilities
Recently Charlie Lau informed Candy that they have latent telekinetic powers which they unconsciously use to manipulate the Serpent's Egg.
Candy is physically bonded to a psycho-reactive alien gem called the Serpent's Egg.
The artifact gem appears to tap their latent telekinetic abilities and use them to manipulate and alter its structural lattice.
With the Serpent's Egg, Candy can use their latent telekinesis to fly, or form shields and objects from out of it.
The gem is "Lifebonded" to Candy and responds to them every thought.
References
External links
DCU Guide: Sapphire
Cosmic Teams: Power Company Chronology
DC Comics female superheroes
DC Comics superheroes
DC Comics metahumans
DC Comics telekinetics
Fictional characters from San Diego
Characters created by Kurt Busiek
American composer Henry Cowell wrote one of their first surviving piano pieces, Dynamic Motion (HC 213), in 1916. It is known as one of the first pieces in the history of music to utilize violent tone clusters for the keyboard. It requires the performer to use various limbs to play massive secundal chords, and calls for keys to be held down without sounding to extend its dissonant cluster overtones via sympathetic resonance. Some of the clusters outlined in this piece are those written for fists, palms, and forearms. The piece is also noted for its extended use of tuplets, featuring triplets, quintuplets, and sextuplets in the melody line.
History
While still a teenager and studying at the University of California, Berkeley, Cowell wrote the piano piece Dynamic Motion, their first important work to explore the possibilities of the tone cluster. They first presented the piece to their composition teacher, Charles Seeger. This glimpse at Henry's music struck Seeger with great force; they would say Cowell used, "commonplace materials in some compositions and new or unusual materials in others," and appreciated the piece's "superfluous title". They both knew they would have to deal with a hostile or apathetic audience if they were to perform the piece publicly, however. "We spent no small amount of time in planning assaults, in the form of concerts, upon New York, Paris, and Berlin, in which elbows, string-plucking, and fantastic titles figured largely."
Composition
They would later give the piece a futurist-infused programmatic meaning in future concerts, saying:Dynamic Motion is a musical impression of the New York subway. The clamor in the subterranean darkness, the wireless-like crossing of many minds huddled together, and rushing along insanely under the earth, a touch of horror and jagged suspense, and then the far light in the tunnel and the dizzying jerk at the end. The subject of Dynamic Motion spreads like a disease through the music...
Five Encores to Dynamic Motion
The following year, in 1917, Cowell wrote five encores for the piece to be played during their various concert tours.
I. What's This?
II. Amiable Conversation
III. Advertisement
IV. Antinomy
V. Time Table
Controversies and performances
Both Dynamic Motion and its encores have elicited outrage, confusion, and outright violence at their various concerts, with several notable incidents.
New York
On March 31, 1922, Cowell appeared as a guest in Carl Ruggles's lecture on modern music at the Whitney Studio Club in Greenwich Village, New York City. Louise Vermont, writing in the Greenwich Villager, contributed this account:
Then [Ruggles] introduced an American composer, who, according to Mr. Ruggles, "had something original to say with guts in it," Mr. Henry Cowell. Cowell said it with a wallop. One piano sounded like six of them. People stood up and watched this little fellow while the rolling sound wrapped them round and overwhelmed them with its dynamic force. For a closing number Cowell played one of their amazing compositions which they call Dynamic Motion. At the finish of it three women lay in a dead faint in the aisle and no less than ten men had refreshed themselves from the left hip.
Leipzig
During their first tour in Europe, Cowell played at the famous Gewandhaus concert hall in Leipzig, Germany on October 15, 1923. Cowell received a notoriously hostile reception during this concert, with some modern musicologists and historians referring to the event as a turning point in Cowell's performing career. As they progressed further into the concert, deliberately saving the loudest and most provocative pieces for last, the audience's reception became more and more audibly hostile. Gasps and screams were heard, and Cowell recalled hearing a man in the front rows threaten to physically remove them from the stage if they did not stop. While playing the fourth movement Antinomy from the Five Encores, they later recalled: [...] the audience was yelling and stamping and clapping and hissing until I could hardly hear myself. They stood up during most of the performance and got as near to me and the piano as they could. [...] Some of those who disapproved my methods were so excited that they almost threatened me with physical violence. Those who liked the music restrained them.
During this excitement, a gentleman jumped up from one of the front rows and shook their fist at Cowell and said, "Halten Sie uns für Idioten in Deutschland?" ("Do you take us for idiots in Germany?"), while others threw the concert's program notes and other paraphernalia at their face. About a minute later, an angry group of audience members clambered onto the stage, with a second, more supportive group following. The two groups began shouting over and confronting one another, which eventually turned into a large physical confrontation and riot on the stage, after which the Leipzig police were promptly called. Cowell later recalled of the incident, "The police came onto the stage and arrested 20 young fellows, the audience being in an absolute state of hysteria — and I was still playing!" As Cowell had no severe physical injuries, the Leipzig authorities decided not to admit them to the local medical facility. After the concert had concluded and the stage was cleared, Cowell was noticeably shaken and jittery as they took their bow for the audience that remained and left the hall.
In the days following, the local Leipzig press were incredibly harsh regarding Cowell, the performance, and their musical style more broadly. The Leipziger Abendpost called the event, "[...] such a meaningless strumming and such a repulsive hacking of the keyboard not only with hands, but also even with fists, forearms and elbows, that one must call it a coarse obscenity — to put it mildly — to offer such a cacophony to the public, who in the end took it as a joke." The Leipziger Neuste-Nachrichten additionally referred to their techniques as "musical grotesqueries".
Vienna
Cowell was already in Vienna for their debut on October 31, which drew over three-hundred audience members. This event was much more peaceful compared to the Leipzig incident, but still fraught with incidents. One man began to scream, “Schluss, Schluss!” (Stop, stop!), and would not be quiet when shushed by audience members, leading to an attempt to drown one other out with continuous catcalling.
See also
List of classical music concerts with an unruly audience response
References
Citations
Sources
External Links
20th-century classical music
1916 compositions
1917 compositions
Compositions by Henry Cowell
Compositions for solo piano
Compositions that use extended techniques
Modernist compositions
Music controversies
Music riots
Lerești is a commune in Argeș County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Lerești, Pojorâta and Voinești.
Natives
Vasile Milea
References
Communes in Argeș County
Localities in Muntenia
John Johnson Sr. (April 11, 1778 – July 30, 1843) was an early leader in the Latter Day Saint movement in Ohio.
Early life and family
Johnson was born in Chesterfield, New Hampshire. They became a farmer and farmed near Pomfret, Vermont. In 1818, they moved to Hiram, Ohio, where they purchased land and became a prominent member of the Methodist Church. They were married to Mary Elsa Jacobs; they were the parents of nine children, including Luke and Lyman. Their daughter Marinda married Orson Hyde.
Conversion to Mormonism
In early 1831, Johnson's sons Luke and Lyman were baptized into the Church of Christ, which had been founded by Joseph Smith the previous year. After their sons were baptized, Johnson and their wife travelled with Methodist preacher Ezra Booth to Kirtland, Ohio, to learn more about the church. While in Kirtland, Johnson's wife reported that they experienced a miraculous healing at the hands of Smith:
"Elsa Johnson had been afflicted for many years with a rheumatic arm. They experienced so much pain and difficulty in movement that for two years they hadn't been able to raise their hand to their head. As the Johnsons and others from the Hiram area visited with Joseph Smith in the Newel K. Whitney home, they discussed the gifts of the Spirit as held in the early Church. Someone asked whether God had given power to men today to heal people like Elsa Johnson. After the conversation had turned to another subject, the Prophet [Smith] walked up to Elsa and said, 'Woman, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ I command thee to be whole,' and then they walked out of the room. Elsa was instantly healed, and the next day they did their washing 'without difficulty or pain.'"
As a result, Johnson, their wife, and Booth were converted to Mormonism and became members of the Church of Christ. Johnson was baptized by Smith. Johnson invited Smith and their wife and children to live at the Johnson farm, which served as the headquarters of the church from September 1831 to March 1832. While living at the farm, Smith recorded a number of revelations which are included in the Doctrine and Covenants and continued their translation of the Bible.
Church leadership
In 1833, Johnson and their wife moved to Kirtland where they opened an inn next to the store owned by Newel K. Whitney. Johnson was ordained as an elder in the church on February 17, 1833, and as a high priest on June 4, 1833. On February 17, 1834, Johnson was appointed as one of the founding members of the church's first high council in Kirtland. In 1835, Johnson's sons Luke and Lyman were selected as two of founding members of the Quorum of the Twelve.
While in Kirtland, Johnson assisted with the building of the Kirtland Temple and allowed their inn to be used for the display of a number of Egyptian mummies that Smith had purchased. Smith used scrolls that accompanied the mummies to produce the Book of Abraham.
Disaffection from Mormonism
Johnson was a charter member of Smith's Kirtland Safety Society, which failed in the mid-1830s. In 1836 and 1837, Johnson was sued a number of times for non-payment of debts. In the midst of these difficulties, Johnson's presence on the high council was objected to on September 3, 1837, and they were dropped from the body. Some sources report that they were excommunicated from the church. A more recent work indicates that the official position of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints is that Johnson did not lose their membership.
Death
Johnson remained in Kirtland when the Latter Day Saints moved on to Missouri. They died in Kirtland and is buried in the Kirtland Cemetery across the street from the Kirtland Temple.
Notes
External links
Historic Kirtland Visitors' Center
1778 births
1843 deaths
Converts to Mormonism from Methodism
Farmers from Ohio
Latter Day Saints from Ohio
Leaders in the Church of Christ (Latter Day Saints)
People from Portage County, Ohio
People from Kirtland, Ohio
People from Windsor County, Vermont
Religious leaders from Ohio
Kelvin Natural Slush Co. is a New York-based food truck company specializing in slush drinks.
History
The company was started by Zack Silverman and Alex Rein. The business was named after the Kelvin temperature scale. Their success has led to their slushes being sold at Madison Square Garden and at selected Whole Foods Market stores.
Awards and recognitions
The company was awarded "Best Dessert Truck" by the Vendy Awards.
See also
List of food trucks
References
External links
Official Website
Mobile Food Carts
Food production companies based in New York City
Restaurants established in 2010
Food trucks
Lepidonectes clarkhubbsi, known commonly as the signal triplefin, is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Lepidonectes. It was described by William Albert Bussing in 1991 and they gave it a specific name which honours the American ichthyologist Clark Hubbs (1921–2008). This species occurs in the eastern Pacific Ocean where it is found off Costa Rica and Panama. The signal triplefin is found on rocky shores where it feeds on very small invertebrates and algae.
References
Signal triplefin
Fish described in 1991
Jeremy Arlo Lincoln (born April 7, 1969 in Toledo, Ohio) is an American football cornerback who played eight seasons in the NFL.
Lincoln played football and ran track at DeVilbiss High School (Toledo, Ohio), where they were part of the 1987 Ohio High School state championship track team before attending the University of Tennessee.  They are most famous for the blocked field goal attempt in the last seconds of the Vols' "Miracle in South Bend" victory against Notre Dame where they blocked the field goal with their butt.
References
1969 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Toledo, Ohio
Tennessee Volunteers football players
American football cornerbacks
Chicago Bears players
St. Louis Rams players
Seattle Seahawks players
New York Giants players
Detroit Lions players
Players of American football from Ohio
Theresa Rebeck (born February 19, 1958) is an American playwright, television writer, and novelist. Them work has appeared on the Broadway and Off-Broadway stage, in film, and on television. Among their awards are the Mystery Writers of America's Edgar Award. In 2012, they received the Athena Film Festival Award for Excellence as a Playwright and Author of Films, Books, and Television.  They are a 2009 recipient of the Alex Awards. Them works have influenced American playwrights by bringing a feminist edge in their old works.
Early life and education
Rebeck was born in Kenwood, Ohio, and graduated from Cincinnati's Ursuline Academy in 1976. They earned their undergraduate degree at the University of Notre Dame in 1980, and followed that with three degrees from Brandeis University: an MA in English 1983, a MFA in Playwriting in 1986, and a PhD in Victorian era melodrama, awarded in 1989.
Career
Past New York productions of their work include Mauritius on Broadway at the Biltmore Theatre in a Manhattan Theater Club production; The Scene, The Water's Edge, Loose Knit, The Family of Mann and Spike Heels at Second Stage Theatre; Bad Dates and The Butterfly Collection at Playwrights Horizons; and View of the Dome at New York Theatre Workshop. Omnium Gatherum (co-written, finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for Drama in 2003) was featured at the Humana Festival, and had a commercial run at the Variety Arts Theatre in 2003. Them play The Understudy, premiered at the Williamstown Theatre Festival in the summer of 2008, with a cast including Reg Rogers, Bradley Cooper and Kristen Johnson, and ran in New York at the Roundabout Theatre from October 2009 – January 2010, featuring Julie White, Justin Kirk, and Mark-Paul Gosselaar in the cast. The off-Broadway and regional theatre hit comedy premiered in 2015 at Artists Repertory Theatre in Portland. Rebeck was attached as a book writer for the new musical Ever After, based on the Drew Barrymore movie of the same name. That show was expected to start pre-Broadway tryouts in San Francisco in April 2009, but was postponed. Them play, Mauritius, ran at the Pasadena Playhouse in California from March 27 through April 26, 2009.
Them play Seminar played on Broadway starting in October 2011, and starred Alan Rickman. In May 2014 Seminar premiered in San Francisco at San Francisco Playhouse receiving outstanding reviews. Them play Fool premiered at the Alley Theatre, Houston, Texas, in February 2014. The theme of the play Seminar was women empowerment through sexuality and the struggles of what it is to be a female in an industry dominated by men.
Them play Poor Behavior opened Off-Broadway at Primary Stages in August 2014. The play premiered at the Mark Taper Forum in 2011.
In an article in The New York Times in September 2007, they said that their plays were about "betrayal and treason and poor behavior. A lot of poor behavior."
Rebeck's other publications include Free Fire Zone, a book of comedic essays about writing and show business. They have written for American Theatre magazine and has had excerpts of their plays published in the Harvard Review. Rebeck's first novel, Three Girls and Their Brother, was published in 2008 by Random House/Shaye Areheart Books.
They have received awards including the Mystery Writers of America's Edgar Award, the Writers Guild of America Award for Episodic Drama, the Hispanic Images Imagen Award, and the Peabody Award, all for their work on NYPD Blue. They have won the National Theatre Conference Award (for The Family of Mann), and was awarded the William Inge New Voices Playwriting Award in 2003 for The Bells. Mauritius was originally produced at Boston's Huntington Theatre, where it received the 2007 IRNE Award for Best New Play as well as the Elliot Norton Award. In 2010, Rebeck was honored with the PEN/Laura Pels International Foundation for Theater Award for an American playwright in mid-career.
In television, Rebeck has written for Dream On, Brooklyn Bridge, L.A. Law, American Dreamer, Maximum Bob, First Wave, and Third Watch. They have been a writer/producer for Canterbury's Law, Smith, Law & Order: Criminal Intent and NYPD Blue. Through March 2012 they were one of the executive producers for the NBC musical series Smash, which they created, and which also debuted on February 6, 2012. Them produced feature film screenplays include Harriet the Spy, Gossip, and the independent feature Sunday on the Rocks.
Academic
Rebeck is Distinguished Professor of Playwriting and holds the Lyndall Finley Wortham Chair in the Performing Arts at the University of Houston.
Rebeck is a board member of The Dramatists Guild and the Lark Play Development Center in New York City, and has taught at Brandeis University and Columbia University. In 2014 they will join the faculty of the University of Houston School of Theatre and Dance as a distinguished visiting professor of playwriting.
Personal life
Rebeck is married, residing with their husband, Jess Lynn, and two children, Cooper and Cleo in Park Slope, Brooklyn. "Three Girls and their Brother" is dedicated to both Cooper and Cleo.
Works
Plays
Them other work as a playwright includes:
Full-length
Mad House (West End, 2022)
Bernhardt/Hamlet (Broadway, 2018)
What We're Up Against (2017)
Seared (2016)
The Nest (2016)
Dead Accounts (2012)
Seminar (2011)
Poor Behavior (2011)
O Beautiful (2011), written for the professional actors at the University of Delaware
The Understudy (2007)
Mauritius (2007)
Our House (2009)
The Scene (2006)
The Water's Edge (2006)
The Bells (2005)
Omnium Gatherum (2003) (co-written with Alexandra Gersten-Vassilaros)
Bad Dates (2003)
Dollhouse (2000)
The Butterfly Collection (2000)
Abstract Expression (1998)
View of the Dome (1996)
Sunday on the Rocks (1994, Final version – 1996)
The Family of Mann (1994)
Loose Knit (1992)
Spike Heels (1990, Final version – 1992)
One Acts
Mary, Mother of God, Intercede for Us (2006)
Aftermath (2005)
Off Base (2005)
How We Get to Where We're Going (2004)
Train to Brooklyn (2003)
Deliver Me (2003)
The Actress (2002)
Art Appreciation (2002)
Funeral Play (2001)
Josephina (2001)
First Day (2000)
Walk (1999)
Great To See You (1998)
The Contract (1997)
Katie and Frank (1996)
Does This Woman Have a Name? (1993)
What We Are Up Against (1992)
Candy Heart (1992)
Drinking Problem (1991)
Big Mistake (1991)
Sex with the Censor (1990)
The Bar Plays (1990)
Television
For their work on NYPD Blue, Rebeck was awarded a Mystery Writers of America Edgar Award and a Writers Guild of America award for Episodic Drama.
Canterbury's Law
Smith
Law & Order: Criminal Intent
Third Watch
Maximum Bob
Total Security
American Dreamer
L.A. Law
Dream On
Brooklyn Bridge
Smash
Film
Them work as a screenwriter (or story writer) includes:
Catwoman
Gossip
Harriet the Spy
Seducing Charlie Barker
Sunday on the Rocks
Trouble (also director)
The 355
Fiction
I'm Glad About You (2016)
Twelve Rooms with a View (2011)
Three Girls and Their Brother: A Novel by Theresa Rebeck (2009)
Non-fiction
"Free Fire Zone: A Playwright's Adventures on the Creative Battlefields of Film, TV, and Theater" (2007)
Bibliography
References
External links
Who's Who entry from Playbill
Channeling Theatre: A Chat with Theresa Rebeck, a January 2004 Playbill article
Them Notre Dame study theatre work in the late 1970s, from the university's website
Theresa Rebeck at Random House
Theresa Rebeck: "I Am a Populist", an L Magazine article from December 11, 2009
1958 births
Living people
21st-century American novelists
20th-century American dramatists and playwrights
Screenwriters from Ohio
Television producers from Ohio
American women television producers
American television writers
American women novelists
Brandeis University alumni
Edgar Award winners
University of Notre Dame alumni
Writers from Cincinnati
Roman Catholic writers
American women dramatists and playwrights
American women screenwriters
American women television writers
People from Hamilton County, Ohio
Writers Guild of America Award winners
21st-century American women writers
20th-century American women writers
Novelists from Ohio
20th-century American screenwriters
21st-century American screenwriters
The Miles M.20 was a Second World War British fighter developed by Miles Aircraft in 1940. It was designed as a simple and quick-to-build "emergency fighter" alternative to the Royal Air Force's Spitfires and Hurricanes should their production become disrupted by bombing expected in the anticipated German invasion of the United Kingdom. Due to the subsequent shifting of the German bombing effort after the Battle of Britain towards British cities in what became known as The Blitz, together with the dispersal of British fighter manufacturing, the Luftwaffe's bombing of the original Spitfire and Hurricane factories did not seriously affect production, and so the M.20 proved unnecessary and the design was not pursued.
Design and development
At the outbreak of the Second World War in September 1939, Miles Aircraft began work on a single-engined fighter to supplement the RAF's Spitfires and Hurricanes. A wooden mock-up of the design, the M20/1, was inspected by Sir Kingsley Wood, the Secretary of State for Air, but no orders followed. Following the outbreak of the Battle of Britain in July 1940, the Royal Air Force was faced with a potential shortage of fighters. To meet the Luftwaffe threat, the Air Ministry commissioned Miles to design a simple easy-to-build fighter to specification F.19/40. This became the Miles M.20/2. Nine weeks and two days later the first prototype flew.
To reduce production time the M.20 employed all-wood construction and used many parts from the earlier Miles Master trainer, lacked hydraulics, and had spatted fixed landing gear. The fixed undercarriage freed space and payload sufficient for twelve .303 Browning machine guns and 5000 rounds, and 154 Imperial gallons (700 litres) of fuel (double the range and ammunition capacity of the Hawker Hurricane and Supermarine Spitfire). The M.20 was fitted with a bubble canopy for improved 360-degree vision.
In line with a design philosophy emphasising simplicity, speed and re-using available components, the engine was a Rolls-Royce Merlin XX "power egg" identical to those used on Merlin-powered Avro Lancasters and Bristol Beaufighters. This conferred flight performance that fell between those of Britain's two frontline fighters.
Testing and evaluation
The first prototype first flew on 15 September 1940, and was tested at the A & AEE under the military serial number AX834 against Specification F.19/40. Armed with eight .303 Browning machine guns like the Hurricane, the M.20 prototype was faster than the Hurricane but slower than Spitfire types then in production, but carried more ammunition and had greater range than either. Once the Luftwaffe had been defeated over Britain, the need for the M.20 vanished and the design was abandoned without entering production. The first prototype was scrapped at Woodley.
A second prototype, U-0228 (later DR616) was built to Specification N.1/41 for a Fleet Air Arm shipboard fighter, equipped with an arrestor hook and catapult launch points. It first flew on 8 April 1941. This variant could be launched by catapult aircraft merchant ships which lacked flight decks so the aircraft were to be ditched after their mission, and to facilitate this the undercarriage could be jettisoned. However, obsolete Hurricanes were modified to fill this role, which rendered a shipboard variant of the M.20 unnecessary. Consequently, this prototype was also scrapped.
Test pilot Eric Brown flew this aircraft in January 1942. They reported that "although surprisingly nippy in performance, could not match the Martlet, Hurricane, or Spitfire in manoeuvrability". It lacked also the excellent deck landing characteristics of the Martlet.
Accounts compare the M.20's performance with that of Battle of Britain aircraft. The M.20 ( at ) was powered by a Rolls-Royce Merlin XX with a two‑speed supercharger. A Hurricane IIB with the same engine did at . A Spitfire Mk.VC, powered by a similar Merlin 45 did at . The Spitfire was armed with two cannons and four machine guns. The other two aircraft were armed with eight machine guns.
Specifications (M.20/4)
See also
References
Citations
Bibliography
Bridgeman, Leonard. "The Miles M.20." Jane's Fighting Aircraft of World War II. London: Studio, 1946. .
Brown, Don. "Last-ditch defender". Aeroplane Monthly, Vol. 4, No. 4, April 1976, pp. 207–211.
Green, William. Warplanes of the Second World War, Fighters, Vol. 2. London: Macdonald, 1961.
Jarrett, Philip. "Nothing Ventured..." Part 21. Aeroplane Monthly, Volume 20 No. 1, Issue 225, January 1992, pp. 54–60. London: IPC. ISSN 0143-7240.
Mason, Francis K. The British Fighter since 1912. Annapolis, Maryland: Naval Institute Press, 1992. .
Mondey, David. The Hamlyn Concise Guide to British Aircraft of World War II. London: Chancellor Press, 2002. .
Swanborough, Gordon. British Aircraft at War, 1939–1945. East Sussex, UK: HPC Publishing, 1997. .
1940s British fighter aircraft
Cancelled military aircraft projects of the United Kingdom
M.20
Single-engined tractor aircraft
Low-wing aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1940
Italian submarine Corallo was a built for the Royal Italian Navy (Regia Marina) during the 1930s. They were named after a gemstone Coral.
Design and description
The Perla-class submarines were essentially repeats of the preceding . The modifications that were made compared to the boats of the previous series were mostly of upgrade nature. Among them were enlargement of the false tower at the top, more modern engines, installation of a radiogoniometer that could be controlled from inside the ship. Improvements and the installation of new air conditioning equipment meant a slight increase in displacement, and increase in the fuel stowage also increased the autonomy of these boats compared to the previous series. Their designed full load displacement was surfaced and submerged, but varied somewhat depending on the boat and the builder. The submarines were long, had a beam of and a draft of to .
For surface running, the boats were powered by two diesel engines, each driving one propeller shaft with overall power of . When submerged each propeller was driven by a electric motor. They could reach on the surface and underwater. On the surface, the Perla class had a range of at , submerged, they had a range of at .
The boats were armed with six internal torpedo tubes, four in the bow and two in the stern. One reload torpedo was carried for each tube, for a total of twelve. They were also armed with one deck gun for combat on the surface. The light anti-aircraft armament consisted of one or two pairs of machine guns.
Construction and career
Corallo was built by CRDA at their shipyard in Monfalcone, laid on 1 October 1935, launched on 2 August 1936 and completed on 26 September 1936.
After delivery, Corallo was assigned to the 34th Squadron (III Submarine Group) based at Messina. After a brief training, they carried out a long endurance cruise in the Dodecanese and the Adriatic. In 1937 they carried out a training campaign, followed by another one in 1938. On October 15, 1938, they were temporarily assigned to Flotilla Submarine school. In 1939 Corallo returned to active duty, and was assigned to the 72nd Squadron (VII Submarine Group) based at Cagliari where they remained until the end of their career.
Italy's entry into World War II found Corallo at Monfalcone undergoing repairs and maintenance which were finished in late August 1940. On September 3, 1940, Corallo, under command of captain Loris Albanese, was sent to patrol an area 60 miles south of Crete, between Gaudo and Alexandria. At 18:00 on September 17 Corallo sighted in the position a zigzagging British column heading towards Alexandria. The British force was made up of the aircraft carrier , battleship escorted by five destroyers returning to Alexandria after bombarding Derna and Benghazi. At 18:30 Corallo launched two torpedoes from 1,500 meters against and immediately dove down to 80 meters. After 75 seconds two loud explosions were heard, but no ship, however, was hit. Corallo was then subjected to depth charge attacks by the destroyers which went on for 3 hours. The submarine suffered some damage which impaired their operational efficiency, and two crew members died in the attack. Since the damage to submarine could not be repaired by means available at sea, Corallo was forced to interrupt their mission and headed to Tobruk which they reached on September 18, 1940.
On November 5, 1940, Corallo and four other submarines (, , and ) were deployed about 90 miles south-east of Malta with the task of intercepting a British convoy, part of Operation "Coat". Corallo and other submarines formed a barrier with a 20 to 30 miles spacing between them. Corallo, however, did not detect any enemy vessels.
On January 21, 1941, Corallo and patrolled off the northern Tunisian coast. Corallo had to abort their mission almost immediately due to a failure, and the submarine had to return to the base.
In February 1941 they were on patrol north of Cape Bougaroun, but engine problems forced the submarine to return to the base.
In April 1941 they patrolled south of Sardinia, but their mission was cut short again, this time because of the adverse weather conditions.
In May 1941 they patrolled around 50 miles west of the island of La Galite without any sightings.
In July 1941 Corallo was involved in another uneventful patrol southwest of Sardinia.
In October 1941 they were posted off Cap Zebib, but still without success.
On November 3, 1941, Corallo under command of captain Andreani was deployed west of Malta as a protective screen for a large Italian "Beta" convoy travelling to Libya. Them job was to detect and report any British naval movements west of Malta, and attack the sighted ships when possible. On November 9, 1941, the "Beta" convoy was intercepted and destroyed by British Force K in the Battle of the Duisburg Convoy. Force K managed to leave Malta without Corallo being able to detect it since it did not pass through their area of operation, but rather through the one controlled by . At sunset, the submarine left their assigned area and moved to their new area of operations off Algeria and Tunisia.
In January 1942 they patrolled between Malta and Capo Passero.
In March 1942 Corallo again patrolled off Malta.
In April 1942 Coralllo was sent to patrol off Cape Bon. At 4:10 on April 28, 1942, off Bona, Algeria, Corallo stopped Tunisian sailboats Dar es Salaam (138 GRT) and Tunis (41 GRT). The boats carried a Vichy France flag, but didn't have a special permit allowing them to sail. Corallo took their crew on board, thirteen men in total, then sank the sailboats with gunfire in the position .
In May and June 1942 they patrolled east of the island of La Galite. At 2:00 on June 7, 1942, Corallo stopped another Tunisian sailboat Hady M'Hammed (26 GRT). Believing the boat was carrying materials on behalf of the Allies, captain Adreani ordered the crew of the sailboat (6 men) to abandon ship, took them prisoners and then sank the sailboat with gunfire in the position . Corallo then received an order to patrol another area northwest of Algiers. Upon return to the base, a new commander, captain Guido Guidi, was appointed.
On June 11, 1942, the submarine was sent along with four other submarines (, , and ) to patrol the triangle between Malta, Pantelleria and Lampedusa with the task of interception of a British convoy, part of Operation Harpoon. Corallo did not, however, sight any enemy ships.
In October 1942 they were sent to patrol an area south of the Balearic Islands.
In November 1942 after the launch of Operation Torch they were deployed to patrol an area off Bizerta. Corallo also penetrated into Philippeville harbor, but there were no ships to attack.
In early December they were deployed together with , , , , , , , and in the western Mediterranean, as a defensive screen protecting Axis convoys to Tunis.
On December 10, 1942, Corallo sailed from Cagliari to patrol an area between Bona and Bizerta with a task of trying to penetrate Bougie harbor during the night of December 13 and destroying any ships they would have found there. After the departure, Corallo was never heard from again.
After the end of the war, from British records, it was established that on the night of December 13, 1942, Corallo 14 miles from Bougie, was spotted and attacked by four British escorts (, , , ) from the KMS-4 convoy, sailing from Gibraltar to Algiers. Corallo was depth charged, damaged and forced to surface. At this point, according to some sources, Corallo tried to engage with their deck gun, but the British sloop accelerated and rammed the submarine. While suffered serious collision damage even to their inner structures, Corallo had the worst of it, and sunk with all hands (commander Guidi, 5 officers, and 43 other crew members) in the position .
Notes
References
External links
Coastal submarines: Perla class
Perla-class submarines
World War II submarines of Italy
Lost submarines of Italy
Maritime incidents in December 1942
World War II shipwrecks in the Mediterranean Sea
1936 ships
Ships built by Cantieri Riuniti dell'Adriatico
Ships built in Monfalcone
Ships lost with all hands
Submarines sunk by British warships
Dave Luza (born August 25, 1974 in Hilversum), is a Dutch improv comedian.
 They are one of the members of Op Sterk Water (On Strong Water), an improvisational comedy, or improv, collective that started performing in the Netherlands in 2000, and founder of its German counterpart Ma´Ma´Lässig. In 2007 they were one of the lead cast members in the rock musical, MS Odysseus.
Luza is married to German actor and soprano Ilka Knickenberg and is currently living in Düsseldorf, Germany.
External links
Official site of Op Sterk Water
Dave Luza
1974 births
Living people
Dutch male comedians
Dutch cabaret performers
People from Hilversum
The IA-32 Execution Layer (IA-32 EL) is a software emulator in the form of a software driver that improves performance of 32-bit applications running on 64-bit Intel Itanium-based systems, particularly those running Linux and Windows Server 2003 (it is included in Windows Server 2003 SP1 and later and in most Linux distributions for Itanium). The IA-32 EL bypasses the slow x86 hardware emulation which is available on pre-Montecito Itanium models.
The IA-32 EL used a two-phase (later three-phase) approach: initially it quickly translated every piece of code at a basic block level, adding certain instrumentation for detecting hot code; then hot code was dynamically optimized at a super-block level, and the optimized translated code replaced cold code on the fly. Later interpretation engine was added that allowed to avoid altogether translation of code executed just a few times - cold non-optimized translation became thus the second phase, and hot optimized translation became the third phase. IA-32 Execution Layer supported self-modifying code, and could even optimize it quite well.
Part of the software is under the LGPL and part is under an Intel proprietary license.
See also
Itanium
List of Intel Itanium microprocessors
References
External links
Intel® Itanium® Processor Family Reference Guide: IA-32 Execution Layer
Device drivers
Intel
X86 emulators
Guy of Ibelin may refer to:
Guy of Ibelin, constable of Cyprus (c. 1215–1255), marshal and constable of Cyprus, son of John of Ibelin, old Lord of Beirut
Guy of Ibelin (died 1304), count of Jaffa, son of John of Jaffa, the jurist
Guy of Ibelin (1286–1308)
Guy of Ibelin, seneschal of Cyprus, (b. before 1306 d. 1350/1360), burgher of Venice
Guy of Ibelin, bishop of Limassol, (died 1367)
Magic is a British music television channel owned by Channel Four Television Corporation. It plays mainly easy listening music videos and is based on the Magic radio station owned by Bauer Media Audio UK. Magic mainly focuses on music from the 1970s to the present day.
Like other Box Television music television channels under Bauer's brand, Magic operated a jukebox service where viewers were able to request videos to be played via a premium-rate telephone number.
History
The channel was a part of a network of channels owned by The Box Plus Network (formerly Box Television) which included 4Music, Kerrang! TV, Box Hits, The Box, and Kiss. All of these channels including Magic TV are now in Channel 4's main business operations.
On 2 April 2013, all Box Television channels went free-to-air on satellite, apart from 4Music which went free-to-view. As a result, the channels were removed from the Sky EPG in Ireland. However, Magic was launched on Freesat on 29 April 2013, alongside Heat, following the addition of four other Box Television channels on 15 April. Magic TV and its sister channels returned to Freesat on 8 December 2021.
From 27 September 2021 to 20 October 2021, Magic broadcast a simulcast of The Box, after the activation of a fire suppressant system at the premises of Red Bee Media on 25 September 2021. Magic TV was restored on 21 October 2021.
On 22 August 2022, Magic TV's on-screen Graphics were updated, removing the 'TV' wording from the logo, and making the programme titles bolder and slightly larger.
Programming
Madonna Week
Summer Feeling
Dancing Queen
Late Night Magic
Brighten Up Your Breakfast
The Magic Singles of the Week - Sarah Powell plays 20 songs selected by Magic HQ.
Rewind the Classics
Feel the Magic
Back to the...'s
Simply... - Videos from a single artist.
Magic 80s Weekend
Magic at the Movies - A block of countdowns and playlists featuring songs from film soundtracks, usually the block is in the form of a 'Magic at the Movies' Bank Holiday weekend, but some shows are part of the regular line-up
Club Classics
Compilation albums
The channel has released several compilation albums.
References
External links
Channel 4 television channels
Music video networks in the United Kingdom
Television channels and stations established in 2001
2001 establishments in the United Kingdom
Barbed Wire Kisses (B-Sides and More) is a compilation album by Scottish alternative rock band The Jesus and Mary Chain. It was released on 18 April 1988 by Blanco y Negro Records. The album contains singles, B-sides and rare tracks. Throughout the 1980s the band was known for their prodigious output in these formats, often in limited editions which quickly went out of print. This album collects many of those releases spanning the band's career up to that point.
The band's cover of Bo Diddley's "Who Do You Love?" was used on the soundtrack to the 1988 film Earth Girls Are Easy. "Mushroom" is a cover of a Can song. "Sidewalking" was voted one of the best singles of 1988 by Musician magazine.
The title comes from a line in the song "Cherry Came Too" from the Darklands album.
This album was not included in the 2006 remasterings of the group's back catalogue. All tracks from this compilation, except for "Mushroom" and "Just Out of Reach" (which appears in a re-recorded form on Barbed Wire Kisses) are now included on The Power of Negative Thinking: B-Sides & Rarities.
Rhino Records re-released Barbed Wire Kisses as a 2-LP Limited edition of 8,000 copies on 180-gram blood red vinyl for 2015 Black Friday Record Store Day.
The name is also used for Zoë Howe's 2014 biography of the band.
Track listing
All tracks written by Jim Reid and William Reid, except where noted.
LP (BYN 15)
Side 1
"Kill Surf City" – 3:09 G
"Head" – 3:48 C
"Rider" – 2:10 F
"Hit" – 3:26 D
"Don't Ever Change" – 3:30 E
"Just Out of Reach" – 3:04 K
"Happy Place" – 2:22 H
"Psychocandy" – 2:52 D
Side 2
"Sidewalking" – 3:32 I
"Who Do You Love?" (Bo Diddley) – 4:03 G
"Surfin' U.S.A." (Chuck Berry, Brian Wilson) – 2:57 F
"Everything's Alright When You're Down" – 2:37 H
"Upside Down" – 2:57 A
"Taste of Cindy (Acoustic)" – 1:58 J
"Swing" – 2:23 E
"On the Wall (Porta Studio Demo/F. Hole)" - 4:46 F
Cassette (BYNC 15)
Side 1
"Kill Surf City" – 3:09 G
"Head" – 3:48 C
"Rider" – 2:10 F
"Hit" – 3:26 D
"Don't Ever Change" – 3:30 E
"Just Out of Reach" – 3:04 K
"Happy Place" – 2:22 H
"Psycho Candy" – 2:52 D
"Cracked" – 3:43 C
"Mushroom (Live 1986)" (Can) – 3:16 G
Side 2
"Sidewalking" – 3:32 I
"Who Do you Love?" (Bo Diddley) – 4:03 G
"Surfin' U.S.A." (Chuck Berry, Brian Wilson) – 2:57 F
"Everything's Alright When You're Down" – 2:37 H
"Upside Down" – 2:57 A
"Taste of Cindy (Acoustic)" – 1:58 J
"Swing" – 2:23 E
"On the Wall (Demo)" - 4:46 F
"Here It Comes Again" – 2:31 F
"Bo Diddley is Jesus" – 3:16 G
CD (BYNC 15)
"Kill Surf City" – 3:09 G
"Head" – 3:48 C
"Rider" – 2:10 F
"Hit" – 3:26 D
"Don't Ever Change" – 3:30 E
"Just Out of Reach" – 3:04 K
"Happy Place" – 2:22 H
"Psycho Candy" – 2:52 D
"Sidewalking" – 3:32 I
"Who Do You Love?" (Diddley) – 4:03 G
"Surfin' U.S.A." (Berry, Wilson) – 2:57 F
"Everything's Alright When You're Down" – 2:37 H
"Upside Down" – 2:57 A
"Taste of Cindy (Acoustic)" – 1:58 J
"Swing" – 2:23 E
"On the Wall (Demo)" – 4:46 F
"Cracked" – 3:43 C
"Here It Comes Again" – 2:31 F
"Mushroom (Live 1986)" (Can) – 3:16 G
"Bo Diddley Is Jesus" – 3:16 G
Some, but not all, of the releases of the album credit the short noise instrumental "F-Hole" (from the "Happy When It Rains" 12" single) as appearing directly after the demo version of "On the Wall," but it's there on all of the releases. "F-Hole" appears as its own track on the 2008 compilation The Power of Negative Thinking: B-Sides & Rarities.
Original releases
A band's first, non-album single "Upside Down" from 1984.
B B-side to "You Trip Me Up" from 1985.
C B-sides to "Just Like Honey" from 1985.
D B-sides to "Some Candy Talking" EP from 1986.
E Darklands session out-takes.
F B-sides to "Darklands" EP from 1987.
G B-sides to "April Skies" from 1987.
H B-sides to "Happy When It Rains" from 1987.
I Released as non-album single "Sidewalking" in 1988.
J Previously unreleased. Probably from "Some Candy Talking" sessions.
K Previously unreleased. Rerecorded version. The original version appears on "You Trip Me Up" from 1985.
Personnel
The Jesus and Mary Chain
Jim Reid – vocals, guitar, production
William Reid – vocals, guitar, production
Additional personnel
John Loder – production
Helen Backhouse – design
Andrew Catlin – photography
Charts
Certifications
References
1988 compilation albums
Blanco y Negro Records compilation albums
B-side compilation albums
The Jesus and Mary Chain compilation albums
Bogucice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzeszczany, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Bogucice
Hsi Hseng Township (, also spelt Hsihseng) is a township of Taunggyi District in the Shan State of Myanmar. The principal town is Hsi Hseng.
Towns and villages
References
Townships of Shan State
Ken Park is a 2002 erotic drama which revolves around the abusive and dysfunctional lives of several teenagers, set in the city of Visalia, California. It was written by Harmony Korine, who based it on Larry Clark's journals and stories. The film was directed and shot by Clark and Edward Lachman. The film is an international co-production of the United States, the Netherlands, and France.
Plot
The title character Ken Park (nicknamed "Krap Nek": their name spelled and pronounced backward), is a teenager skateboarding across Visalia, California. They arrive at a skate park, where they casually set up a camcorder, smiles, and shoots themselves in the temple with a handgun. Their death is used to bookend the film, which follows the lives of four other teenagers who knew him.
Shawn is the most stable of the four main characters.  They are polite and caring. Throughout the story, they have an ongoing sexual relationship with their girlfriend's mother Rhonda, whom they tell that they fantasize that they are with them when having sex with their daughter Hannah. They casually socialize with their family, the rest of whom are completely unaware of the affair.
Claude fends off physical and emotional abuse from their alcoholic father while they try to take care of their neglectful pregnant mother, who never does anything to defend him. Claude's father detests them for not being masculine enough. However, after coming home drunk one night, they attempt to perform oral sex on Claude, which prompts the boy to run away from home.
Peaches is a girl who lives alone with their obsessive and highly-religious father, who fixates on them as the innocent embodiment of their deceased mother. When they catch them having sex with their boyfriend Curtis – whom they have playfully tied to their bed – they beat the boy and savagely disciplines her, then forces them to participate in a quasi-incestuous wedding ritual with him.
Tate is an unstable and sadistic adolescent living with their grandparents, whom they resent and abuses verbally. They engage in autoerotic asphyxiation while masturbating to a video of a woman playing tennis. They eventually kill their grandparents, in retaliation for petty grievances, and finds that it arouses them sexually. They record themselves on their tape recorder so that the police will know how and why they did it, puts their grandfather's dentures in their mouth, lies naked in their bed, and falls asleep.  They are later arrested.
The film cuts frequently between these subplots, with no overlap of characters or events until the end, when Shawn, Claude, and Peaches meet and have a threesome. In a game of "who am I?" afterward, they refer to an unnamed person they know who is now dead. The film cuts to a title screen, followed by a flashback to before the opening scene. Ken has impregnated their girlfriend and taken a menial job. At the skate park, they discuss whether to abort the pregnancy, and they ask Ken rhetorically if he's glad their mother didn't abort him; they do not answer.
Cast
Tiffany Limos as "Peaches"
James Bullard as Shawn
Stephen Jasso as Claude
James Ransone as Tate
Adam Chubbuck as Ken Park
Maeve Quinlan as Rhonda
Bill Fagerbakke as Bob
Eddie Daniels as Shawn's Mother
Seth Gray as Shawn's Brother
Patricia Place as Tate's Grandmother
Harrison Young as Tate's Grandfather
Amanda Plummer than Claude's Pregnant Mother
Wade Williams as Claude's Father
Julio Oscar Mechoso as Peaches' Father
Zara McDowell as Zoe
Mike Apaletegui as Curtis
Richard Riehle as "Murph" Murphy
Larry Clark as Hot Dog Vendor
Production
Clark attempted to write the first script for Ken Park, basing it on personal experiences and people with whom they had grown up. Dissatisfied with their own draft, they hired Harmony Korine to pen the screenplay. Clark ultimately used most of Korine's script, but rewrote the ending. The film was given a $1.3 million budget. The arrangement was to film using digital video, but Clark and Lachman used 35mm film instead.
Distribution
Although it was sold for distribution to some 30 countries, the film was not shown in the United Kingdom after director Larry Clark assaulted Hamish McAlpine, the head of the UK distributor for the film, Metro Tartan. Clark is alleged to have been angry over McAlpine's remarks about 9/11. Clark was arrested and spent several hours in custody, and McAlpine was left with a broken nose. The film has not been released in the United States since its initial showing at the Telluride Film Festival in 2002. Clark says that this is because of the producer's failure to get copyright releases for the music used. The film was banned in Australia due to its graphic sexual content and portrayals of underage sexual activity after it was refused a classification by the Australian Classification Board in 2003. A protest screening held in Sydney, hosted by film critic Margaret Pomeranz, was shut down by the police.
Critical reception
Review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes reports a 46% approval rating based on 13 reviews. Ed Gonzales of Slant Magazine noted some redeeming elements in an "otherwise familiar Kids procedural" in which "the parents are all monsters of some kind and there's an excuse for every teenager's bad behavior". Rob Gonsalves of eFilmCritic, wrote that the film "is about people lost in a haze of contempt and despair, trying to wrest some love or relief out of the situation." Michael Rechtshaffen of The Hollywood Reporter described it as "a ragingly controversial feature that makes it very tricky to distinguish between insightful and incite-ful." Todd McCarthy of Variety described it as "Beautifully crafted but emotionally dispiriting and alienating in its insistence on spotlighting only the negative aspects of life". Lee Marshall of Screen Daily wrote that "Clark, being Clark, pushes things a little too far; so a not entirely constructive tension is set up between the need to show and the desire to shock."
Soundtrack
Bouncing Souls — "Lamar Vannoy"
Rancid — "Antennas"
Gary Stewart — "Out of Hand"
Tha Alkaholks — "Likwit"
KMD — "What a Nigga Know"
Blackalicious — "Deception"
Merle Haggard — "Mom and Dad's Waltz"
Black Star — "Brown Skin Lady"
Jerry Lee Lewis — "Good Time Charlie's Got the Blues"
The Roots — "Do You Want More?!!!??!"
Gary Stewart — "Shady Streets"
Quasimoto — "Put A Curse On You"
Hank Ballard — "Henry's Got Flat Feet"
The Shaggs — "Who Are Parents?"
See also
Kids (film)
Unsimulated sex''
References
External links
Inside Film Magazine's Phillip Cenere reports on Australian ban of Ken Park
Ken Park @ Harmony-Korine.com
2002 films
2000s erotic drama films
American erotic drama films
Dutch erotic drama films
French erotic drama films
2000s English-language films
English-language Dutch films
English-language French films
Films about suicide
Films directed by Larry Clark
Films about child sexual abuse
Films about dysfunctional families
Incest in film
American independent films
Juvenile sexuality in films
American nonlinear narrative films
Skateboarding films
Dutch independent films
French independent films
Adultery in films
Film censorship in the United Kingdom
Film censorship in Australia
Film controversies in the United Kingdom
Film controversies in Australia
Obscenity controversies in film
2002 independent films
Softcore pornography
French nonlinear narrative films
Teensploitation
2002 drama films
2000s American films
2000s French films
Perfect Bride is an Indian reality show that aired on STAR Plus adapted from the American show Momma's Boys. It premiered on 12 September 2009, and follows five bridegrooms as they choose their brides from a panel of eleven potential candidates. The winning girl and their choice of partner would win a monetary prize. Hitesh Chauhan and Rumpa Roy won the show on 12 December 2009.
Cast
Romit Raj - Host
Shekhar Suman - Judge (Rishton ke paarkhi)
Amrita Rao - Judge (Rishton ke paarkhi)
Malaika Arora - Judge (Rishton ke paarkhi)
Rajbeer Singh - Contestant (the groom)
Manik goswami
Sara Khan
Parul Chauhan
References
Indian reality television series
StarPlus original programming
2009 Indian television series debuts
2009 Indian television series endings
The Movement for Youth and Democracy (Mouvement pour la Jeunesse et la Démocratie) is a minor political party in Algeria. In the 17 May 2007 People's National Assembly elections, the party won 2.31% of the vote and 5 out of 389 seats.
References
Political parties in Algeria
San Giorgio Lucano is a town and comune in the province of Matera, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata.
References
Cities and towns in Basilicata
Animation is the interpolation of dissimilar frames over a finite period.
Animate may also refer to:
Animate noun or animacy, a grammatical category
Animate (retailer), a Japanese anime retailer
"Animate" (song), a song by Rush
"Animate", a song by Northlane from their 2015 album Node
Adobe Animate, an animation program created by Adobe Systems
See also
Animism, the idea spirits exist in natural phenomena
Inhassunge District is a district of the province of Zambezia Province in Mozambique, with its headquarters in the town of Mucupia. It has a border, to the north with the municipality of Quelimane and with the district of Nicoadala, to the west with the district of Mopeia, to the south with the district of Chinde and to the east with the Indian Ocean.
Demographics
In 2007, the Mozambican Census indicated a population of 91,196 residents. The district is in total, 745 km2 and a population density of 122.41 inhabitants per km2.
According to the 1997 Census, the district had 87,396 inhabitants, resulting in a population density of 117.3 inhabitants per km2, making this district the smallest and most densely populated of Zambezia.
Administrative divisions
The district is divided in two administrative divisions (Gonhane and Mucupia), composed by the following localities:
Gonhane Administrative Division:
Gonhane
Mucupia Administrative Division:
Chirimane
Ilova
Mucupia
Further reading
District profile (PDF)
References
Districts in Zambezia Province
In the women's 2017–18 Biathlon World Cup total score, for each participating athlete the points earned in all Individual, Sprint, Pursuit and Mass start competitions held during the season are added up with the two lowest scores subtracted at the end of the season to give that athlete's final score. No points are awarded for the competitions at the 2018 Winter Olympics (held between the World Cup stages in Antholz and Kontiolahti).
2016–17 Top 3 standings
Events summary
Standings
In each event places 1 to 40 (1 to 30 in a Mass start) are awarded points, a victory being worth 60 points. The full point system is shown in the table on the right. In a Mass start event only 30 athletes are allowed to participate and the points awarded for ranks 22 to 30 differ from the system used in other events. Equal placings (ties) give an equal number of points. An athlete's total World Cup Score is the sum of all World Cup points earned in the season, minus the points from 2 events in which the athlete got their worst scores. Ties in this score are broken by comparing the tied athletes' number of victories. If this number is the same for the athletes in question, the number of second places is compared, and so on. If a tie cannot be broken by this procedure, it remains a tie.
References
Overall Women
The Tanzania Liquefied Natural Gas Project (TLNGP), also Likong'o-Mchinga Liquefied Natural Gas Project (LMLNGP), is a planned liquefied natural gas processing plant in Tanzania.
Location
The plant would be located on approximately in Likong'o Village in the town of Lindi on the Indian Ocean coast, approximately , by road, south of Dar es Salaam. This is about , by road, north-west of Mtwara, the nearest large town.
Overview
Tanzania has proven natural gas reserves of 57 trillion cubic feet, with at least 49.5 trillion cubic feet of those reserves far offshore in the Indian Ocean. The government of Tanzania through the Tanzania Petroleum Development Corporation, in partnership with the BG Group (a division of Royal Dutch Shell), Equinor, Exxon Mobil, and Ophir Energy, plans to build an onshore liquefied natural gas export terminal at this location in Lindi.
History
The first offshore discovery of natural gas in Tanzania was made in 2010. Since then, other finds have been made by some petroleum prospecting companies, which decided in 2014 to build a liquefaction facility in Lindi, targeting primarily the Asian market. In August 2016, Tanzanian President John Magufuli publicly urged government bureaucrats to fast track the project so that construction could start. The government of Tanzania announced in May 2016 its plan to build a gas pipeline to neighboring Uganda.
Stakeholders
Talks between the government of Tanzania and the six oil companies involved in the project began in earnest in September 2016.
As of 2022, the oil companies currently involved include:
Equinor ASA (formerly Statoil ASA)
ExxonMobil
Ophir Energy Plc
Pavilion Energy Private Limited
Royal Dutch Shell
Also participating in the talks are the following parastatal agencies of the Tanzanian government.
Tanzania Petroleum Development Corporation
Petroleum Upstream Regulatory Authority
Tanzania Electric Supply Company
Negotiations
In May 2018, The East African reported that the government of Tanzania was searching for a transaction adviser, to guide the Tanzania Petroleum Development Company through negotiations for a Host Government Agreement with the gas project developers. The two year contract for the selected adviser involves the development of a technical, legal and commercial framework for the LNG project. The adviser is also responsible for supporting and building capacity of the government team, as well as crafting the appropriate strategy in the negotiations towards the "host government agreement". In June 2018, the Tanzanian English-language newspaper, The Citizen, reported that the projected start date was now in 2022. In 2022, the government nailed an agreement with the companies for the construction of the LNG. A team of experts is in negotiations with some investors as the project will be executed in Lindi region. The project is all set to begin soon.
Construction
In May 2019, the EastAfrican newspaper reported that construction was planned to start in 2022 and conclude in 2028, as announced by the Tanzanian Minister of Energy, Medard Kalemani. In June 2022, the government of Tanzania signed agreements with Equinor of Norway and British Royal Dutch Shell, reviving discussions and negotiations about moving the project forward. Final investment decision (FID) of this project, whose development cost is projected at US$30 billion, is now expected in 2025.
See also
Mtwara–Dar es Salaam Natural Gas Pipeline
References
External links
"Negotiating Tanzania's Gas Future: What Matters for Investment and Government Revenues?"
Website of Tanzania Petroleum Development Corporation
Energy infrastructure in Tanzania
Lindi
Proposed energy infrastructure in Africa
Natural gas in Tanzania
Liquefied natural gas plants
Al-Shuhayl () is a Syrian town located in Deir ez-Zor District, Deir ez-Zor. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS), Al-Shuhayl had a population of 14,005 in the 2004 census.
References
Populated places in Deir ez-Zor Governorate
Populated places on the Euphrates River
Survivor is the sixth studio album by Canadian country music artist George Fox. It was released by Warner Music Canada on May 19, 1998. The album includes the Top 10 single "I'm Gone."
Track listing
"I'm Gone" (Marv Green, Rick Orozco) – 3:07
"Goodbye" (George Fox, Kim Tribble) – 4:16
"How Do I Get There from Her" (Fox, Tribble) – 4:18
"Do the Math" (Fox, Tribble) – 2:53
"Don't Listen to Your Heart" (Jeff Crossan) – 3:28
"Survivor" (Fox, Tribble) – 3:28
"Brand New Star" (Fox, Tribble) – 3:21
"Way Out in the Country" (Fox, Cyril Rawson, Tribble) – 2:47
"Broken Heart String" (Fox, Rawson, Tribble) – 3:54
"The Greenest Grass" (Keith Urban, Vernon Rust) – 3:43
"If Seeing Is Believing" (Fox, John Prestia, Tribble) – 3:21
References
External links
[ Survivor] at Allmusic
1998 albums
George Fox albums
The 1988 Penn Quakers football team was an American football team that represented the University of Pennsylvania during the 1988 NCAA Division I-AA football season. Penn won a share of the Ivy League championship, its fifth of the past six years.
In their third and final year under head coach Ed Zubrow, the Quakers compiled a 9–1 record and outscored opponents 269 to 208. Dan Bauer and Tom Gizzi were the team captains.
Penn's 6–1 conference record tied with Cornell atop the Ivy League standings. The Quakers outscored Ivy opponents 182 to 75. Penn's only loss was to its co-champion, Cornell, in the last week of the year.
Before its last two games, Penn appeared in the weekly top 20 national rankings, at No. 19 in the poll released November 8 and at No. 14 in the poll of November 15. Following the loss to Cornell, Penn dropped out of the rankings, and was not ranked at season's end.
Penn played its home games at Franklin Field adjacent to the university's campus in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Schedule
References
Penn
Penn Quakers football seasons
Ivy League football champion seasons
Penn Quakers football
The 1986 LSU Tigers football team represented Louisiana State University during the 1986 NCAA Division I-A football season. The team was led by Bill Arnsparger in their third season and finished with an overall record of nine wins and three losses (9–3 overall, 5–1 in the SEC), as Southeastern Conference (SEC) champions and with a loss against Nebraska in the Sugar Bowl.
Schedule
Personnel
Rankings
Season summary
No. 7 Texas A&M
Ole Miss
at No. 6 Alabama
Notre Dame
vs. No. 6 Nebraska (Sugar Bowl)
References
LSU
LSU Tigers football seasons
Southeastern Conference football champion seasons
LSU Tigers football
{{DISPLAYTITLE:C11H14FNO}}
The molecular formula C11H14FNO (molar mass: 195.233 g/mol, exact mass: 195.1059 u) may refer to:
4-Fluoroethcathinone (4-FEC)
3-Fluorophenmetrazine (3-FPM)
Molecular formulas
Bodyke GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club located in the village of Bodyke in East Clare, Ireland. The club fields teams exclusively in hurling competitions.
The grounds "Páirc na Dishealbhaithe" were officially opened on 20 May 2000.
Major Honours
Clare Senior Hurling Championship (2): 1947, 1975 (as Brian Boru's with Killanena & Tulla)
Clare Intermediate Hurling Championship (5): 1932, 1936, 1946, 1969, 1996
Clare Junior A Hurling Championship (7): 1929, 1942 (as Tuamgraney), 1946, 1957 (as Tuamgraney), 1961, 1986, 2017
References
Gaelic Athletic Association clubs in County Clare
Hurling clubs in County Clare
The AU Grabber (pronounced as: Gold Grabber;) is a self-propelled barge excavator dredge used to mine Bering Sea placer gold deposits in the region around Nome, Alaska, USA. It is owned and operated by Richard Schimschat and featured in the Discovery Channel USA mining reality TV show Bering Sea Gold. It cost $600,000 to buy. In 2017 a 120-lb two-week-old seal was found on the dredge. Though no longer part of the show, in 2020, the dredge once again appeared on Bering Sea Gold, still mining in the Nome region.
Specifications
Vessel 1031061
Launch date: 1995
Length:
Width:
Depth:
Net tonnage:
Gross tonnage:
Notes
References
External links
Boat Database (boatdb.net) Nome, AK port boats
See also
Myrtle Irene
Tuvli 160
Christine Rose (dredge)
Viking Dredge 1
Viking Dredge 2
Bima (dredge)
Bering Sea Gold
Ships of the United States
Jiří Srnec (29 August 1931 – 28 November 2021) was a Czech theatre director and artist.
References
1931 births
2021 deaths
Czech theatre directors
Academy of Performing Arts in Prague alumni
People from Prague-West District
Dream 11: Feather Weight Grand Prix 2009 Final Round was a mixed martial arts event promoted by Fighting and Entertainment Group's mixed martial arts promotion Dream held on October 6, 2009.
Background
Dream 11 was the culmination of the Feather Weight Grand Prix, where both the semifinals and finals took place in the same night. It also featured the semifinals of the Super Hulk Grand Prix 2009. Additionally, there was a championship bout: Joachim Hansen defended the Dream Lightweight Championship against Shinya Aoki.
Dream's featherweight division has a weight limit.
Results
See also
Dream (mixed martial arts)
List of Dream champions
2009 in DREAM
Notes
Dream 11 was the second and last Dream event to be shown live in primetime on Tokyo Broadcasting System during 2009.
Eddie Alvarez and Gesias Cavalcante were briefly rumored to meet at Dream 11. However, due to Eddie Alvarez's contractual obligations to Bellator Fighting Championships, the fight was scrapped early in negotiations.
Kazuyuki Miayata and Takeshi Yamazaki fought at DEEP 42 IMPACT to decide who would fight DJ.Taiki in the Feather Weight Grand Prix Reserve bout.
An early rumored bout placed Ronaldo Souza against Jason "Mayhem" Miller in a rematch for the Dream Middleweight Championship. However, the bout was scrapped after Ronaldo Souza signed with Strikeforce.
Though featured on the Dream 11 promotion material, Norifumi "KID" Yamamoto did not participate in the event, as they are taking a hiatus to train outside Japan, and will return to MMA competition at Dynamite!! 2009.
Gegard Mousasi advanced to the Second Round of the Super Hulk Grand Prix after defeating Mark Hunt at Dream 9, but had to pull out of the tournament due to an injury.
A bout between Daisuke Nakamura and Gesias Cavalcante had original been planned for Dream 11. However, due to a knee injury sustained by Calvancante, the bout was reportedly scrapped. This resulted in Nakamura being moved to Dream 12.
2009 Featherweight Grand Prix Bracket
Note: Norifumi Yamamoto was given a first-round bye so they could recover from an ankle injury they received in 2008.
Note: Hideo Tokoro replaced Daiki Hata after Hata was unable to continue due to an eye injury.
Dream Featherweight Grand Prix Reserve Bouts:
Kazuyuki Miyata def. Daiki Hata at Dream 11
Super Hulk Grand Prix 2009 Bracket
Note: Bob Sapp was brought back into the tournament replacing Gegard Mousasi after Mousasi was injured
References
Dream (mixed martial arts) events
2009 in mixed martial arts
Sport in Yokohama
Mixed martial arts in Japan
2009 in Japan
Gwangju–Wonju Expressway (2nd Yeongdong Expressway) (; Gwangju-Wonju Gosokdoro) is an expressway connecting Gwangju to Yeoju, Yangpyeong County and Wonju. The expressway route number is 52.
Compositions
Speed limit
100 km/h
Lanes
4
Length
59.65 km
List of facilities
IC: Interchange, JC: Junction, SA: Service Area
See also
Roads and expressways in South Korea
Transportation in South Korea
References
External links
MOLIT South Korean Government Transport Department
Expressways in South Korea
Roads in Gyeonggi
Roads in Gangwon
Opisthotropis lateralis, the Tonkin mountain keelback, is a species of natricine snake found in Vietnam and China.
References
Opisthotropis
Reptiles described in 1903
Reptiles of Vietnam
Reptiles of China
Taxa named by George Albert Boulenger
Bioremediation is the process of decontaminating polluted sites through the usage of either endogenous or external microorganism. In situ is a term utilized within a variety of fields meaning "on site" and refers to the location of an event. Within the context of bioremediation, in situ indicates that the location of the bioremediation has occurred at the site of contamination without the translocation of the polluted materials. Bioremediation is used to neutralize pollutants including Hydrocarbons, chlorinated compounds, nitrates, toxic metals and other pollutants through a variety of chemical mechanisms. Microorganism used in the process of bioremediation can either be implanted or cultivated within the site through the application of fertilizers and other nutrients. Common polluted sites targeted by bioremediation are groundwater/aquifers and polluted soils. Aquatic ecosystems affected by oil spills have also shown improvement through the application of bioremediation. The most notable cases being the Deepwater Horizon oil spill in 2010 and the Exxon Valdez oil spill in 1989. Two variations of bioremediation exist defined by the location where the process occurs. Ex situ bioremediation occurs at a location separate from the contaminated site and involves the translocation of the contaminated material. In situ occurs within the site of contamination In situ bioremediation can further be categorized by the metabolism occurring, aerobic and anaerobic, and by the level of human involvement.
History
The Sun Oil pipeline spill in Ambler, Pennsylvania spurred the first commercial usage of in situ bioremediation in 1972 to remove hydrocarbons from contaminated sites. A patent was filed in 1974 by Richard Raymond, Reclamation of Hydrocarbon Contaminated Ground Waters, which provided the basis for the commercialization of in situ bioremediation.
Classifications of In situ Bioremediation
Accelerated
Accelerated in situ bioremediation is defined when a specified microorganism is targeted for growth through the application of either nutrients or an electron donor to the contaminated site. Within aerobic metabolism the nutrient added to the soil can be solely Oxygen. Anaerobic in situ bioremediation often requires a variety of electron donors or acceptors such as benzoate and lactate. Besides nutrients, microorganisms can also be introduced directly to the site within accelerated in situ bioremediation. The addition of extraneous microorganisms to a site is termed bioaugmentation and is used when a particular microorganism is effective at degrading the pollutant at the site and is not found either naturally or at a high enough population to be effective. Accelerated in situ bioremediation is utilized when the desired population of microorganisms within a site is not naturally present at a sufficient level to effectively degrade the pollutants. It also is used when the required nutrients within the site are either not at a concentration sufficient to support growth or are unavailable.
Raymond Process
The Raymond Process is a type of accelerated in situ bioremediation that was developed by Richard Raymond and involves the introduction of nutrients and electron acceptors to a contaminated site. This process is primarily used to treat polluted groundwater. In the Raymond process a loop system is created. Contaminated Groundwater from downstream of the groundwater flow is pumped to the surface and infused with nutrients and an electron donor, often oxygen. This treated water is then pumped back down below the water table upstream of where it was originally taken. This process introduces nutrients and electron donors into the site allowing for the growth of a determined microbial population.
Oxygen Injection
In contaminated sites where the desired microbial metabolism is aerobic the introduction of oxygen to the site can be used to increase the population of targeted microorganisms. The injection of Oxygen can occur through a variety of processes. Oxygen can be injected into the subsurface through injection wells. It can also be introduced through an injection gallery. The presence of oxygen within a site is often the limiting factor when determining the time frame and efficacy of a proposed in situ bioremediation process.
Ozone Injection
Ozone injected into the subsurface can also be a means of introducing oxygen into a contaminated site. Despite being a strong oxidizing agent and potentially having a toxic effect on subsurface microbial populations, ozone can be an efficient means of spreading oxygen throughout a site due to its high solubility. Within twenty minutes after being injected into the subsurface, fifty percent of the ozone will have decomposed to Oxygen. Ozone is commonly introduced to the soil in either a dissolved or gaseous state.
Accelerated Anaerobic In situ Bioremediation
Within accelerated anaerobic in situ bioremediation electron donors and acceptors are introduced into a contaminated site in order to increase the population of anaerobic microorganisms.
Monitored Natural Attenuation (MNA)
Monitored Natural Attenuation is in situ bioremediation that occurs with little to no human intervention. This process relies on the natural microbial populations sustained within the contaminated sites to over time reduce the contaminants to a desired level. During monitored natural attenuation the site is monitored in order to track the progress of the bioremediation. Monitored natural attenuation is used in sites where the source of contamination is no longer present, often after other more active types of in situ bioremediation have been conducted.
Uses of In situ bioremediation
Hydrocarbon Degradation
Naturally occurring within the soil are microbial populations that utilize hydrocarbons as a source of energy and carbon. Upwards to twenty percent of microbial soil populations have the ability to metabolize hydrocarbons. These populations can through either accelerated or natural monitored attenuation be utilized to neutralize within the soil hydrocarbon pollutants. The metabolic mode of hydrocarbon remediation is primarily aerobic. The end products of the remediation for hydrocarbons are Carbon Dioxide and water. Hydrocarbons vary in ease of degradation based on their structure. Long chain aliphatic carbons are the most effectively degraded. Short chained, branched, and quaternary aliphatic hydrocarbons are less effectively degraded. Alkene degradation is dependent on the saturation of the chain with saturated alkenes being more readily degraded. Large numbers of microbes with the ability to metabolize aromatic hydrocarbons are present within the soil. Aromatic hydrocarbons are also susceptible to being degraded through anaerobic metabolism. Hydrocarbon metabolism is an important facet of in situ bioremediation due to the severity of petroleum spills around the world. Polynuclear aromatic carbons susceptibility to degradation is related to the number of aromatic rings within the compound. Compounds with two or three rings are degraded at an effective rate, but compounds possessing four or more rings can be more resilient to bioremediation efforts. Degradation of polynuclear aromatic carbons with less than four rings is accomplished by various aerobic microbes present in the soil. Meanwhile, for larger-molecular-sized compounds, the only metabolic mode that has shown to be effective is cometabolism. The fungus genus Phanerochaete under anaerobic conditions has species with the ability to metabolize some polynuclear aromatic carbons utilizing a peroxidase enzyme.
Chlorinated Compounds
Chlorinated Aliphatic Compounds
A variety of metabolic modes exist capable of degrading chlorinated aliphatic compounds. Anaerobic reduction, oxidation of the compound, and cometabolism under aerobic conditions are the three main metabolic modes utilized by microorganisms to degrade chlorinated aliphatic compounds. Organisms that can readily metabolize chlorinated aliphatic compounds are not common in the environment. One and two carbons that have little chlorination are the compounds most effectively metabolized by soil microbial populations. The degradation of chlorinated aliphatic compounds is most often performed through cometabolism.
Chlorinated Aromatic Hydrocarbons
Chlorinated aromatic hydrocarbons are resistant to bioremediation and many microorganisms lack the ability to degrade the compounds. Chlorinated aromatic hydrocarbons are most often degraded through a process of reductive dechlorination under anaerobic conditions. Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) are primarily degraded through cometabolism. There are also some fungi that can degrade these compounds as well. Studies show an increase in PCB degradation when biphenyl is added to the site due to cometabolic effects that the enzymes used to degrade biphenyl have on PCBs.
Benefits
Due to in situ bioremediation taking place at the site of contamination there is a lessened risk of cross contamination as opposed to ex situ bioremediation where the polluted material is transported to other sites. In situ bioremediation can also have lower costs and a higher rate of decontamination than ex situ bioremediation.
References
Biodegradable materials
Biodegradable waste management
Biodegradation
Bioremediation
Biotechnology
History of biotechnology
Microbiology
Wolfhart P. Heinrichs (3 October 1941 – 23 January 2014) was a German-born scholar of Arabic. They were James Richard Jewett Professor of Arabic at Harvard University, and a co-editor of the second edition of the Encyclopaedia of Islam. They taught Classical Arabic language and literature, particularly Arabic literary theory and criticism.
Life
Wolfhart Heinrichs was born in Cologne into an academic family: their father, H. Matthias Heinrichs, was professor of ancient Germanic studies at the University of Giessen and the Free University of Berlin; their mother, Anne Heinrichs, a lecturer on Old Norse, was made a professor at the Free University at the age of 80.
They were educated at the Friedrich-Wilhelm-Gymnasium in Cologne before studying Islamic studies at the University of Cologne. After a year at the School of Oriental and African Studies in London, they continued studying at the Universities of Frankfurt and Giessen. They gained their PhD in 1967 for a thesis on Hazim al-Qartajanni's reception of Aristotelian poetics, and spent a year at the Orient-Institut Beirut.
Heinrichs taught at Giessen from 1968 to 1977, when they went to Harvard University as a visiting lecturer, and in 1978 took up a permanent position there. In 1980 they married Alma Giese, an independent scholar and translator from Arabic. In 1989 they became a co-editor of the new edition of the Encyclopaedia of Islam, for which they also wrote fifty articles himself. In 1996 they succeeded Muhsin Mahdi as the James Richard Jewett Professor of Arabic at Harvard. A Festschrift was published in 2008.
Works
Arabische Dichtung und griechische Poetik. Hāzim al-Qartāğannīs Grundlegung d. Poetik mit Hilfe aristotel. Begriffe., Wiesbaden, F. Steiner in Komm., 1969.
The hand of the northwind : opinions on metaphor and the early meaning of istiʼāra in Arabic poetics, Wiesbaden: Steiner, 1977.
(ed.) Studies in Neo-Aramaic, Atlanta, Ga.: Scholars Press, 1989.
(ed. with J. Christoph Bürgel) Orientalisches Mittelalter, Wiesbaden: AULA-Verlag, 1990.
'Prosimetrical Genres in Classical Arabic Literature', in J. Harris and K. Reichl, eds., Prosimetrum, Cross-Cultural Perspectives on Narrative in Prose and Poetry, Cambridge: D.S. Brewer, 1997, pp. 249–275
'Der Teil und das Ganze: Die Auto-Anthologie Ṣafī al-Dīn al-Ḥillīs', Asiatische Studien 59:3 (2005), pp. 675–696
(ed. with Peri Bearman and Bernard G. Weiss) The law applied : contextualizing the Islamic Shari'a: a volume in honor of Frank E. Vogel, London ; New York : I.B. Tauris, 2008.
'Early Ornate Prose and the Rhetorization of Poetry in Arabic Literature', in Frédérique Woerther, ed., Literary and Philosophical Rhetoric in the Greek, Roman, Syriac and Arabic Worlds, Hildesheim etc.: Olms, 2009, 215–234.
References
1941 births
2014 deaths
Historians of Islam
University of Giessen faculty
Harvard University faculty
Writers from Cologne
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1581.
Events
January – Francis Bacon takes their seat as an MP in the Parliament of England for the Cornish pocket borough of Bossiney.
June 24 – Torquato Tasso's epic poem Jerusalem Delivered (La Gerusalemme liberata) is first published complete, a pirated edition printed in Parma being followed by an authorized edition from Ferrara, where the poet is confined in the Ospedale di Sant'Anna. Also this year, Aldus Manutius the Younger prints a selection of Tasso's lyrics and prose in Venice.
Uncertain dates
Stationer Thomas Marsh publishes Seneca's Tragedies in English, a collected edition of ten dramas written by Seneca the Younger (or attributed to him), translated by Jasper Heywood, John Studley, Alexander Neville, Thomas Newton, and Thomas Nuce. Most of the texts have been printed previously, from 1559 onward; but Newton's version of Thebais is new, and earlier printed texts of Studley's versions of Hercules Oetaeus and Hippolytus, if they ever existed, have not survived.
John Dee starts to write Libri mysteriorum I-XVIII (Spiritual Diaries).
First record of bookselling at No. 1, Trinity Street, Cambridge, England; it will continue to be a bookshop for at least 430 years.
New books
Church of Scotland – The Second Book of Discipline<ref=></ref>
William Lambarde – Eirenarcha: or of the Office of the Justices of Peace
Ostrog Bible
Barnabe Riche – Riche their Farewell to Militarie Profession verie pleasaunt discourses fit for a peaceable tyme
New drama
Edward Forsett – Pedantius (Latin)
George Peele – The Arraignment of Paris (a pastoral)
Nathaniel Woodes – The Conflict of Conscience
Poetry
Torquato Tasso – Jerusalem Delivered
Births
January 4 – James Ussher, Anglo-Irish archbishop and scholar (died 1656)
March 16 – Pieter Corneliszoon Hooft, Dutch Golden Age writer (died 1647)
June 18 (date of baptism) – Thomas Overbury, English poet and essayist (died 1613)
August 15 – Jeremias Drexel, German Jesuit writer (died 1638)
November 11 (date of baptism) – Henry Adamson, Scottish poet and historian (died 1637)
Uncertain dates
Christoph Helvig, German historian and theologian (died 1617)
Charles Malapert, Belgian Jesuit writer (died 1630)
Hieronim Morsztyn, Polish poet (died 1623)
Probable year
Juan Ruiz de Alarcón, Mexican dramatist (died 1639)
Deaths
June 16 – Thomas Wilson, English rhetorician (born 1524)
September 1 – Guru Ram Das, Sikh guru (born 1534)
September 6 – Guillaume Postel, French linguist (born 1510)
September 28 – Achilles Statius, Portuguese humanist writer (born 1524)
September 29 Andreas Musculus, German theologian (born 1514)
November 7 – Richard Davies, Welsh bishop and scholar (born c. 1505)
Uncertain dates
Georgette de Montenay, French courtier and author of emblem book (born 1540)
Morys Clynnog, Welsh author writing in Welsh (born c. 1525)
Nicholas Sanders, English Catholic propagandist (born 1530)
References
Years of the 16th century in literature
The Springfield Model 1812 Musket is a .69 caliber, flintlock musket manufactured by the Springfield Armory.
The War of 1812 revealed many weaknesses in the earlier Model 1795 Musket. The Model 1812 was an attempt to improve both the design and manufacturing process of the musket. The design borrowed heavily from the French Charleville model 1777 musket. The Springfield Model 1812 musket arrived too late to be of use in the War of 1812 but would later become standard issue to regular infantry and militia units.
The Model 1812 was a .69 caliber smoothbore musket, with a 42-inch (107 cm) barrel and a 54-inch (137 cm) stock, and a total length of 57-inch (145 cm). The Model 1812 was produced only at Springfield: the M1795 would continue in production at Harpers Ferry into 1818.
The Model 1812 was produced in a quantity of almost 30,000 between the years 1814 and 1816. It was replaced by the Model 1816 Musket. However, the Model 1812 remained in service for many years, and was even used in the American Civil War, mostly by the Confederate forces. By the start of the Civil war, the weapon was considered to be old and obsolete but was needed to fill arms shortages.
Some Model 1812 muskets were later converted to percussion lock firing mechanisms. The percussion cap system was much more reliable and weatherproof than the flintlock system used on the Model 1812 in its original configuration.
See also
List of individual weapons of the U.S. Armed Forces
List of wars involving the United States
Military history of the United States
United States Armed Forces
Military of the Confederate States of America
Charleville musket
Brown Bess
Potzdam Musket 1723
M1752 Musket
Springfield musket
Harpers Ferry Model 1803
M1819 Hall rifle
Pattern 1853 Enfield
Springfield Rifle
Richmond rifle
Fayetteville rifle
Musket
Rifle
Carbine
Historical reenactment
American Civil War reenactment
References
Muskets
Weapons of the Confederate States of America
American Civil War weapons
Firearms of the United States
Springfield firearms
As of 2022, the Japanese public debt is estimated to be approximately US$12.20 trillion
US Dollars (1.4 quadrillion yen), or 266% of GDP, and is the highest of any developed nation. 45% of this debt is held by the Bank of Japan.
Japan's asset price bubble collapse in 1991 led to a prolonged period of economic stagnation described as the "lost decade", with GDP falling significantly in real terms through the 1990s. In response, the Bank of Japan set out in the early 2000s to encourage economic growth through a non-traditional policy of quantitative easing. By 2013, Japanese public debt exceeded one quadrillion yen (US$10.46 trillion), which was about twice the country's annual gross domestic product at that time, and already the largest debt ratio of any nation.
The public debt of Japan has continued to rise in response to a number of challenges, including but not limited to the Global Financial Crisis in 2007-08, the Tōhoku Earthquake in 2011, and the COVID-19 pandemic beginning in late 2019 which also held ramifications for Tokyo's hosting of the 2020 Summer Olympics. In August 2011, Moody's rating cut Japan's long-term sovereign debt rating by one notch to Aa3 from Aa2 in line with the size of the country's deficit and borrowing level. The large budget deficits and government debt since the 2008-09 global recession and the Tohoku earthquake and tsunami in March 2011 contributed to the ratings downgrade. In 2012 the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) Yearbook editorial stated that Japan's "debt rose above 200% of GDP partly as a consequence of the tragic earthquake and the related reconstruction efforts." Former Prime Minister Naoto Kan called the situation "urgent" due to the ballooning debt.
Addressing public debt
In order to address the Japanese budget gap and growing national debt, the Japanese National Diet, at the urging of Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda of the Democratic Party of Japan (DPJ), passed a bill in June 2012 to double the national consumption tax to 10%. This increased the tax to 8% in April 2014. The originally scheduled 10% tax increase to be implemented in October 2015 was delayed until at least October 2019. The final increase to 10% was implemented on October 1, 2019. The goal of this increase was to halt the growth of the public debt by 2015, although reducing the debt would require further measures. The DPJ subsequently lost control of the Diet in late 2012, and Noda's successor Shinzo Abe of the Liberal Democratic Party implemented the "Abenomics" program, which involved an additional 10.3 trillion yen of economic stimulus spending to balance out the negative impact of the consumption tax increase on economic growth.
Abenomics led to rapid appreciation in the Japanese stock market in early 2013 without significantly impacting Japanese government bond yields, although 10-year forward rates rose slightly. Around 70% of Japanese government bonds are purchased by the Bank of Japan, and much of the remainder is purchased by Japanese banks and trust funds, which largely insulates the prices and yields of such bonds from the effects of the global bond market and reduces their sensitivity to credit rating changes. Betting against Japanese government bonds has become known as the "widowmaker trade" due to their price resilience even if fundamental analysis indicates the contrary should be true.
Notwithstanding the stability of the market for Japanese government debt, the cost of servicing Japan's public debt uses up half of the state's tax revenues, and the cost of importing energy in the wake of the 2011 Fukushima disaster has also negatively impacted Japan's longstanding current account surplus.
History
In 1944, during the Pacific War, the amount of governmental debt exceeded by 260%.
In 1947, during postwar economic chaos, the amount of bonds the government issued exceeded tax revenue. Later, it was thought that this was the root cause of postwar inflation, and the Japanese government enacted the Public Finance Act of Japan in response. The act established a balanced fiscal policy by prohibiting: 1) the issuance of government bonds to cover national debt, and, 2) the Bank of Japan from buying government bonds. Since the establishment of the 1955 System, the amount of held valuable securities in the bank – especially national bonds – had risen significantly. However, the 1965 budget issued 259 billion yen in deficit-covering bonds, and the next year's budget in 1966 allotted 730 billion yen in construction bonds. By 1990, the government did not issue a national bond due to the Japanese asset price bubble. Bonds were issued again in 1994, and have been issued every year since.
In 1995 (Heisei 9), Masayoshi Takemura, the former finance minister, declared the Declaration of Fiscal Crisis by issuing deficit-covering bond with higher frequency.
National bond issuing and economic policy
During the Japanese asset price bubble of the late 1980s, revenues were high due to prosperous conditions, Japanese stocks profited, and the amount of national bonds issued was modest. With the breakdown of the economic bubble came a decrease in annual revenue. As a result, the amount of national bonds issued increased quickly. Most of the national bonds had a fixed interest rate, so the debt to GDP ratio increased as a consequence of the decrease in nominal GDP growth due to deflation.
The growth of annual revenue was slowed down by the prolonged depression. Consequently, the governments started issuing additional national bonds to cover the interest payments. This national bond is called renewal national bond. As a result of issuing these bonds, the debt is not actually repaid, and the amount of bonds issued continued to grow. Japan has continued to issue bonds to cover the debt since the asset price bubble collapse.
There was the phase that opportunity to act austerity policy rose when the fear for return (repayment) principal of interest was close-upped at any trouble happened. But, the policy was acted, that was the inadequate fiscal action by the government and bring finance under control by the Bank of Japan, when critical recession caused by austerity policy and others. There was the opinion that suggested a fear for general situation of the economic structure, that the Japanese economy experienced deflation caused by globalization and the growing international competition. These factors steered the direction of Japanese economic policy, hence, the perceived harmful impact to the economic strength of the country.
With the above-mentioned view point from the mobilizing of finances by the government or the action to monetary squeeze by the BOJ, or, from the view point that it has been deflation recession caused by long termed low demand, there are criticisms that it also cause an effect hurt power of economy to tend to promote increase efficiency of supply side. On the other hand, there are following suggestions for that criticisms:
Paul Krugman suggested that the opportunity cost of investment has been greater than the ROI, and that the quantitative easing policy has not been effective. They said that printing notes will not work if the country is in a liquidity trap.
, an economist suggested that the issue of decline in the economic growth rate has been beyond the ability of monetary policy.
Takatoshi Ito and , both economist suggested necessity of structural reform to recover from the adverse effect of a monetary policy.
Direct purchase of government bonds by Bank of Japan
A policy was planned and enacted in which the national central bank would directly buy the national bonds.
Economist Kazuhito Ikeo stated, "Quantitative easing and debt monetization are different from each other. We must not assume they are the same just because both involve the Bank of Japan buying government bonds. 'Lending money' is clearly different from 'giving money', but we just see the money move from one place to another, and they look exactly the same in that aspect.
The Public Finance Act
The Public Finance Act prohibits the Bank of Japan from buying government bonds directly. Nevertheless, according to the provision, it is allowed to buy when the National Diet approves the bill. These regulations result from reflection that the Bank of Japan brought about violent inflation by their public bond purchases during the period from before to just after the War.
See also
Monetary and fiscal policy of Japan
List of countries by public debt
Net international investment position
External links
References
Government of Japan
Government finances in Japan
Government debt by country
Finn Coren (born 28 March 1961) is a Norwegian singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist.  They are best known for their series of albums setting to music the lyrics of William Blake, W.B. Yeats and Olav H. Hauge.
Coren's first album The Echoing Green comprised songs written and composed by him, though the title was taken from Blake. Their second album Love's Loneliness was released in 1990, and was a setting of Yeats songs, from Words for Music, Perhaps. Two albums setting to music the words of Blake were released in 1997 and 1998. Their next project, Lovecloud, was dedicated to their heroes, Blake, Yeats and John Lennon, but the songs were written by Coren himself.
Cancer put a temporary stop to Coren's career. In 2008, Coren returned with a double-album setting to music the lyrics of the Norwegian poet Olav H. Hauge. I draumar fær du was Coren's first album in Norwegian, and the first part of a series devoted to Nordic poets. In 2011, they released the album Mitt hjerte where they put music to poems and texts by the Norwegian poet, novelist and screenplay author Jens Bjørneboe
Discography
Finn Coren: The Echoing Green (Luna Music, 1989)
A Full Moon In March: Love's Loneliness (Kirkelig kulturverksted, 1990)
Finn Coren The Blake Project: Spring (Bard, 1997)
Finn Coren The Blake Project: Spring: The Appendix (Bard, 1998)
Finn Coren: Lovecloud (Bard, 1999)
Finn Coren: I draumar fær du (Bard, 2008)
Finn Coren: Mitt hjerte: Dikt av Jens Bjørneboe (Bard, 2011)
Finn Coren: På jorden et sted - Utvalgte nordiske dikt (Bard, 2015)
External links
Biography
Discography
1961 births
Living people
Norwegian multi-instrumentalists
Norwegian singer-songwriters
Czerniczyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 797.
References
Czerniczyn
The Rehearsal a 2016 New Zealand drama film directed by Alison Maclean. It is based on Eleanor Catton's novel of the same name. It was screened in the Contemporary World Cinema section at the 2016 Toronto International Film Festival.
Plot
The instructors for the New Zealand drama school are selecting the first-year students. Stanley is admitted. The teacher Hanna is hard on them when they fail to add any emotion to their lines with Frankie. Shy and reserved Stanley meets their two roommates, William and Theo. Teacher Livia wants them to use life experiences to act authentically. Add a "Fuck you" and get physical. This is an acting school.
A sex scandal breaks exposing married tennis pro George Saladin and their star student Victoria. Stanley meets Isolde and they exchange phone numbers. Stanley is assigned to a five-member group acting project. They meet with Hanna and does not connect with this teacher. They want them to try harder and dig deeper. After lunch with their psychologist father, they do a role playing their father who likes to tell bad jokes. Dad does not want their son to be an actor. Hanna really liked their performance and gave them a book from their own library to read. They tell them acting is hard and they must go all the way. Keep going. Finally they have started acting.
Victoria and Isolde are sisters and they talk a little about the scandal. Isolde tells their sister that they like Stanley. Later Isolde tells Stanley they had seen Saladin with their sister. There was no forced sex and it looked consensual to them Stanley's group has decided to use the sex scandal as their acting project. Stanley has not told Isolde and William reminds them they should know.
The next in class assignment is to act an intimate scene. William tells of an Easter dinner event where their father humiliates their mother. Hanna did not like it. They only told a story. Intimacy requires the actor to bear their soul. There must be trust. William says this class was the last place they would share intimacy. Frankie talks to coach Saladin at the coffee shop trying to get background for their project. Isolde invites Stanley and William over for a barbeque. William plays with the family dog. Victoria secretly borrows Stanley's phone to call their coach. William wants Stanley to tell Isolde about their project and once again they fail to come clean. Later the coach calls Stanley to tell Victoria that they have changed their mind.  They are staying with their wife.
Hanna has heard of Stanley's girlfriend. They tell them to call off a schoolgirl crush and not embarrass the institute. They see Isolde and asks them to return their book, but can they just have one picture. They tell them if you will find a private place, I will show you much more. They have sex. They are in love. Nonetheless, the tennis project continues mocking teacher sex with a student. During teacher Perry's class, they announce that William has died in a car crash.
At William's memorial service, Stanley sees Isolde kissing a girl. They tell them that they are sorry but they walk away. Later at a rehearsal, Marnie asks Stanley did they drop Isolde because of the other girl or because of their play. They say they were just too young. There was dissent at a student assembly. Teacher Livia takes the student's side and thinks Dean Hanna Bauer cares more about their new theatre than student grief. In fact they walk out. Later in the parking lot, Hanna tells Stanley that the sex scandal is a great subject even though the coach has pleaded guilty. They call it great agent bait. Isolde goes to the school looking for Stanley and finds all the set decoration for the play. They feel betrayed.
Stanley finally goes to the Isolde home and tells them about the play. The father Stephen cannot believe how they can violate the family's privacy. Never contact either of their daughters and get out of their home. They explain the performance is cancelled. Stanley tells Isolde they love them The night of the performance the curtain parts a small opening, the music starts and the house lights come on. The audience waits. Frankie walks down the isle and walks through the curtain. Minutes later another woman walks down the aisle and through the curtain. Stanley walks down one aisle and Isolde walks down another and they jointly enter the curtain. William loved the "First Follow Technique" and more and more of the audience walked on stage and through the curtain.
Cast
James Rolleston as Stanley Phillips
Kerry Fox as Hannah Bauer
Alice Englert as Thomasin
Ella Edward as Isolde
Erroll Shand as George Saladin
Miranda Harcourt as Livia
Cohen Holloway as Michael Perry
Kieran Charnock as William
Rachel Roberts as Victoria
Marlon Williams as Theo
Scotty Cotter as Oscar
Michelle Ny as Frankie
Critical reception
On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds 82% approval rating, based on 22 reviews with an average rating of 6.1/10.
Glenn Kenny, reviewing the film for The New York Times, said it "convincingly conveys the raw feelings that result when life and art rub too fiercely against each other, and how the wounds are that much more severe when you add adolescence to the mix". They praised Rolleston's performance, but found the finale "confounding": "Your mileage may vary, but for myself The Rehearsal delivers a good hour and a half of engagement and intrigue only to top it off with a cherry that left me asking 'Really?'"
Ignatiy Vishnevetsky of The A.V. Club gave it a "C" grade.
Besides the national praise, there was also positive criticism from international venues as well. Case in point, Sarah Ward of Screen Daily praised the director, Alison Maclean, for crafting "a drama that's as piercing as it is potent".
According to Craig Mathieson of The Age "[the group exercises and rehearsals are shot with an expressive clarity that gets at how they unite the students so that they can work together".
Francesca Rudkin of The New Zealand Herald stated that "Edward's startling authenticity and composure as Isolde means it's hard to take your eyes off her, while Michelle Ny, Alice Englert, singer Marlon Williams and Rachel Roberts make their mark".
Other critics were of different opinions. Chuck Bowen of Slant Magazine called the film "a civics lesson", which, according to him, "tethers a promising tale of artistic toil to the strictures of melodrama".
References
External links
2016 drama films
New Zealand drama films
Films about actors
Films based on New Zealand novels
Films about scandalous teacher–student relationships
Films about suicide
Juvenile sexuality in films
Tennis films
2010s English-language films
William Farr School, formally William Farr C of E Comprehensive School, is a Church of England academy school for 11 to 18-year-olds located within the town of Welton, Lincolnshire, England, north-east of Lincoln, near the A46. Despite being a part of Welton, most of the school grounds are located in the civil parish of Dunholme.
History
Secondary modern school
The school was opened as a secondary modern in 1952 on the site of RAF Dunholme Lodge, a Second World War Bomber Command station, which had been bought for £600 in 1946 by the Rev William Farr, vicar of Welton. The school was named after them when they died in 1955.
Comprehensive
The school acquired comprehensive status in 1972, whilst Brian Sawyer was the principal. It gained Grant Maintained status in 1992. This latter scheme was later abolished, but the school became a foundation school, a similar arrangement, in 1999.
In 2000, William Farr became a specialist Technology School.
In March 2003, the College Descartes-Montaigne from Liévin was due to send an exchange visit to the school, but this was cancelled due to all schools in the Pas-de-Calais department being told Britain was too dangerous to visit.
The school became a Science College in 2007.
The school became an independent academy in 2012. Head teacher Paul Strong, prior to their retirement in August 2011, stated they did not want to rename the school; it kept its full title, William Farr Church of England Comprehensive School.
William Farr is also an associate school of the University of Lincoln.
School performance
Before the school became an academy, Ofsted inspected and judged it as follows:
2000: "a very good school, with many excellent features"
2006: Outstanding
2009: Outstanding
As of 2022, the school has not been inspected following its conversion to an academy in 2012.
In 2007, the school was a National Support School.
In 2001 William Farr had the best comprehensive school A-level results in England. In 2019, the school's Progress 8 benchmark at GCSE was above average. The proportion of its students entering the English Baccalaureate was low. 56% of children achieved Grade 5 or above in English and maths GCSEs, compared to 43% nationally. Progress at A level was below average and the average result was C+, the same as the national figure.
At least two staff members at the school have received awards. Helen Brittain, Head of History, received the 2008 Guardian award for teacher of the year at the East Midlands Conference Centre at the University of Nottingham. Paul Strong, head teacher 1986-2011, was awarded Head Teacher of the Year at the Commendation in the National Teaching Awards in 2009, the Ted Wragg Lifetime Achievement Award 2010, and an OBE in at the Queen's Diamond Jubilee Birthday Honours 2012.
School buildings
The old former wartime buildings were replaced in 1960. The sports hall was built in 1974, and the sixth form added in 1995. Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip visited the school on 14 October 1996 to open a new humanities building, named after Joseph Banks. There was a further building programme in the 2000s.
The Lawres Chapel was opened in 2004 by Rt Rev John Saxby Bishop of Lincoln. It is home to the Helen Alwyn memorial window and the RAF Book of Remembrance, which honours those who served and died during the Second World War and were stationed here at RAF Dunholme Lodge. Every day, members of Year 7 have the responsibility of turning a page. The chapel is always open and available to all members of the school of any faith or none.
The William Farr School Museum
There were plans for an RAF museum on the site of a school in September 2015, with the curator of the planned RAF Dunholme Lodge Heritage Site former RAF intelligence officer and keen military historian Brian Riley. The project aims to create a museum to celebrate and preserve the history of RAF Dunholme Lodge, which inhabited the site before the school opened. The school had a special Nissen hut constructed at the school to house the artefacts it has collected over the last few years. A conservation specialist from Suffolk to advise the academy on how to best display and preserve the material they have. Foundations of many of the old RAF buildings were discovered the in William Farr Wood behind the school, planned to be used for an interpretive trail, with help from a woodland management team. The centre appealed for photographs and artefacts that may still be in the community.
Notable ex-pupils
Tracy Borman, historian and broadcaster
Martha Harris, footballer
References
External links
Official school website
EduBase
Video clips
Teachers TV
Educational institutions established in 1952
West Lindsey District
Church of England secondary schools in the Diocese of Lincoln
1952 establishments in England
Secondary schools in Lincolnshire
Academies in Lincolnshire
Gyobingauk is a small town and seat of Gyobingauk Township, Tharrawaddy District, in the Bago Region of southern-central Burma. It lies approximately 10 kilometres north of Okpho along National Highway 2. It is located roughly 185 kilometres north of Yangon. The town has a Roman Catholic history with missionaries. It was reorganized in 1951 as the city headquarters. It is said that the city was named after GyoBinGauk because of buckling Gyo Tree's location at long times ago.
Notable people
U WinTin (HanTharwady) 1930-2014 - journalist
Tay Za (1967-) - business person
References
External links
Maplandia World Gazetteer
Populated places in Tharrawaddy District
Township capitals of Myanmar
Gyobingauk Township
Hits 96 is a compilation album released in 1995. Part of the Hits compilation series, it contains UK hit singles from the second half of 1995. The album reached number 1 on the UK compilations chart and was at number 1 for a total of five weeks.
Following the relative success of Global Television's Hitz Blitz, it was decided to revive the Hits brand full-time with a double-album release. Warner Music, one of the original partners of the Hits series, returned to the series for the first time since 1991's The Hits Album (15).
The album was released in 1995 - but copies of the album incorrectly state the album's copyright date as 1996.
Hits 96 was a rival to Now 32, the year-ending chart release of Hits'''s main rival series, Now That's What I Call Music!, though the releases were released a month apart. Unlike Now 35, which culled chart hits from mid to late 1995, Hits 96'' actually collected chart hits from as early as 1993, as is the case with its album closer, "Boom! Shake the Room" from DJ Jazzy Jeff & The Fresh Prince
Number ones included: I Believe, Fairground, Never Forget and Boom! Shake the Room (Remix)
Track listing
Disc one
Robson & Jerome - "I Believe"
Enya - "Anywhere Is"
Everything but the Girl - "Missing"
Simply Red - "Fairground"
TLC - "Waterfalls"
Corona - "I Don't Wanna Be a Star"
N-Trance featuring Ricardo da Force - "Stayin' Alive"
Berri - "Sunshine After the Rain"
The Original - "I Luv U Baby"
Dorothy - "What's That Tune?"
Take That - "Never Forget"
Frank Bruno - "Eye of the Tiger"
De'Lacy - "Hideaway"
Michelle Gayle - "Happy Just To Be With You"
Mr. Roy - "Something About U (Can't Be Beat)"
Happy Clappers - "I Believe"
Molella featuring The Outhere Brothers - "If You Wanna Party"
Motiv8 and Kym Mazelle - "Searching for the Golden Eye"
Pérez Prado - "Guaglione"
Smokie featuring Roy 'Chubby' Brown - "Living Next Door to Alice (Who The F**k Is Alice?) (Bleeped)"
Disc two
Oasis - "Wonderwall"
Pulp - "Common People"
Supergrass - "Alright"
Björk - "It's Oh So Quiet"
Garbage - "Queer"
Echobelly - "King of the Kerb"
Edwyn Collins - "A Girl Like You"
Erasure - "Fingers & Thumbs (Cold Summer's Day)"
Saint Etienne - "He's on the Phone"
Sleeper - "What Do I Do Now?"
Cher - "Walking in Memphis"
Annie Lennox - "Waiting in Vain"
Seal - "Prayer for the Dying"
Suggs - "I'm Only Sleeping"
M People - "Love Rendezvous"
Jodeci - "Love U 4 Life"
Mary J. Blige - "(You Make Me Feel Like) A Natural Woman"
Louise Seville - "Yah Mo B There"
R. Kelly - "You Remind Me of Something"
DJ Jazzy Jeff & The Fresh Prince - "Boom! Shake the Room (Remix)"
External links
Discogs entry for Hits 96
1995 compilation albums
Hits (compilation series) albums
Hans Heinrich Egeberg (26 April 1877 – 1921) was a Danish heavyweight Greco-Roman wrestler. They won the Scandinavian championships in 1901, a European title in 1902, 1909 and 10, and a world title in 1907 and 1908. In 1908 they also placed second in the Danish boxing championships. After 1910 Egeberg wrestled professionally in a circus.
References
1877 births
1921 deaths
Danish male sport wrestlers
World Wrestling Championships medalists
Japan: Earth's Enchanted Islands (also known as Wild Japan for international release) is a nature documentary series exploring the landscapes and wildlife of Japan. It was narrated by Michelle Dockery and was co-produced by the BBC Natural History Unit, NHK and National Geographic Channel. The series was broadcast in three parts in the United Kingdom, where it premiered in June 2015 on BBC Two and BBC Two HD.
Episodes
See also
Wild China
References
External links
Wild Japan at BBC Earth
Wild Japan at BBC Earth Asia
BBC television documentaries
BBC high definition shows
Documentary films about nature
Nature educational television series
2015 British television series debuts
2015 British television series endings
Television shows set in Japan
National Geographic (American TV channel) original programming
Japan in non-Japanese culture
Srinu Pandranki (Telugu: శ్రీను పాండ్రంకి) (born 5 October 1987) is an Indian author, short filmmaker and screenwriter.  They are noted for directing the short film Peekaboo and for their debut novel .
Short films
Made thirty short films. Directional debut with the award-winning short film Flat No. 101. Next short film Art of Living is a 5-minute film depicting the life of an individual with and without a smile. This was followed by the short films Break the Silence and Pink Slip. The latter brought them recognition and nominations in various film festivals across the country. Their short film Hour Glass is a silent film portraying a girl waiting for their parents to come home on their birthday. It is structured as a visual palindrome, the first of its kind. Their short films are mostly known for their screenplays and unusual structure.
Their two music videos were telecast on MAA music, a leading music channel in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Their next short film Peek-a-boo is selected as an official entry in the Cannes Short Film Corner on 26 March 2014. It features Chaitanya Krishna in the lead role.
In 2017, they made a short film The Decision with noted Telugu film actor Lakshmi Manchu for which all top technicians including Anup Rubens Jayanan Vincent and Marthand K. Venkatesh have worked. It has been officially selected to 9th Jaipur International Film Festival 2017 and 5th Delhi Shorts International Film festival 2016.
Their short film Estella (2017) featuring Ravi Varma has been screened in Cannes Film Festival 2017.
Their next short film was Unusual, an experimental English film shot entirely in Germany.
They went onto make 2 Telugu music videos later on, one in India and another in Nepal.
Novels
Their debut novel , a crime thriller based in California in the United States, was released on 12 April 2014. It was launched by Ram Gopal Varma, a popular Indian director.
Their Telugu novel "Nijanga Nenena", coming of age drama based in Hyderabad was released on 5 October 2021. Popular director V. N. Aditya was the chief guest and prominent directors and writers of Telugu film industry graced the event.
Filmography
Bibliography
See also
List of Indian writers
References
Writers from Andhra Pradesh
1987 births
Living people
People from Vizianagaram
Indian filmmakers
Stenoma eusticta is a moth of the family Depressariidae. It is found in Brazil and the Guianas.
The wingspan is 18–19 mm. The forewings are lilac whitish with the costal edge ochreous yellow with about seven black dots, the extreme costal edge towards the base blackish and the basal third and a broad irregular purple fascia occupying most of the median third. A sinuate-curved dotted grey line is found from three-fourths of the costa to the dorsum before the tornus and there is a grey terminal line. The hindwings are whitish grey, with the terminal edge dark grey.
References
Moths described in 1916
Taxa named by Edward Meyrick
Stenoma
Joel Black is a Professor of Comparative Literature at the University of Georgia in Athens, Georgia. Black has written extensively on subfields of literature and film studies areas such as romanticism, postmodernism, philosophy and history of science, and cultural studies.  They are the author of The Aesthetics of Murder: A Study in Romantic Literature and Contemporary Culture (1991) and The Reality Effect: Film Culture and the Graphic Imperative (2002).
Career
Education and awards
In 1972, Black completed their B.A. at Columbia College of Columbia University, and then one year later they finished their M.A. in English Literature, also at Columbia University. In the 1976-77 school year, Black won a fellowship called the Deutscher Akademischer Austauschdienststipendium, and in 1979, they won a Fellowship at the School of Criticism and Theory at the University of California at Irvine). In 1979, Black completed their Ph.D. in Comparative Literature at Stanford University.
In the 1982-83 school term, Black won an NEH Fellowship for Independent Study and Research, and in 1989, they won a Fulbright Travel Grant. In 1990, 1992, 1994–96, and 1998, Black won University of Georgia Faculty Research Grants, and in 1997, Black received the William Andrews Clark Memorial Library Fellowship.
Research and Teaching
In 1978-79, Black was an Assistant Professor of Comparative Literature at Hamilton College in New York state. From 1979 to 1982, Black was an Assistant Professor of Comparative Literature at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. From 1983 to 1986, they were an Assistant Prof. of Comparative Literature at the University of Georgia.
In 1986, Black was promoted to Associate Professor at the University of Georgia. In 1986 and 1989, Black was a UGA Exchange Professor at Universitaire, Instelling Antwerpen, Antwerp, in Belgium. In 1990, Black was a Visiting Professor at Emory University. In 2003, Black was promoted to Professor of Comparative Literature at the University of Georgia.
Bibliography
Books
The Aesthetics of Murder: A Study in Romantic Literature and Contemporary Culture (The Johns Hopkins University Press, 1991)
The Reality Effect: Film Culture and the Graphic Imperative (Routledge, 2002), iix + 286pp.
Chapters, Articles, and Essays
"Scientific Models," in The Cambridge History of Literary Criticism (Volume 5: Romanticism), ed. Marshall Brown (Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 2000), pp. 115–137.
"Literature as Secret History," in Literatur im Zeitalter der Globalisierung, eds. Manfred Schmeling, Monika Schmitz-Emans, and Kerst Walstra (Würzburg: Verlag Königshausen & Neumann, 2000), pp. 83–97.
"The Genealogy of Violence in African-American Literature: Non-Native Sources of Native Son," in The Conscience of Humankind: Literature and Traumatic Experience (Vol. 3 of the Proceedings of the Fifteenth Congress of the International Comparative Literature Association), ed. Elrud Ibsch (Amsterdam and Atlanta: Rodopi, 2000), pp. 325–36.
"Literature, Film and Virtuality: Technology's Cutting Edge," in Extreme Beauty: Aesthetics, Politics and Death, eds. James E. Swearingen and Joanne Cutting-Gray (London: Continuum, 2002), pp. 78–88.
"Real(ist) Horror: From Execution Videos to Snuff Films," in Underground USA: Filmmaking Beyond the Hollywood Canon, eds. Xavier Mendik and Steven Jay Schneider (London: Wallflower Press, 2002).
"(De)feats of Detection: The Spurious Key Text from Poe to Eco," in Detecting Texts: The Metaphysical Detective Story from Poe to Postmodernism, eds. P. Merivale and S. E. Sweeney. (University of Pennsylvania Press, 1999), pp. 75–98.
"Taking the Sex Out of Sexuality: Foucault's Failed History," in Rethinking Sexuality: Foucault and Classical Antiquity, eds. David Larmour, Paul Allen Miller, and Charles Platter (Princeton University Press, 1998), pp. 42–60.
"Writing After Murder (and Before Suicide): The Confessions of Werther and Rivière," in Reading After Foucault: Institutions, Disciplines, and Technologies of the Self, 1750-1830, ed. Robert Leventhal (Wayne State University Press, 1994), pp. 233–59.
"The Hermeneutics of Extinction: Denial and Discovery in Scientific Literature," Comparative Criticism 13: Literature and Science, ed. E. S. Shaffer (Cambridge University Press, 1991), pp. 147–69.
"Mixed Signals in the Body Languages of Sexual, Commercial, and Extraterrestrial Discourse," in Mimesis, Semiosis, and Power, ed. R. Bogue (John Benjamins, 1991), pp. 157–83.
"Newtonian Mechanics and the Romantic Rebellion: Introduction," in Beyond the Two Cultures: Essays on Science, Technology, and Literature, ed. Joseph W. Slade and Judith Yaross Lee (Ames, Iowa: Iowa State University Press, 1990), pp. 131–39.
"Confession, Digression, Gravitation: Thomas De Quincey's German Connection," in Thomas De Quincey: Bicentenary Studies, ed. Robert L. Snyder (University of Oklahoma Press, 1985), pp. 308–37.
"Paper Empires of the New World: Pynchon, Gaddis, Fuentes," Proceedings of the Tenth Congress of the International Comparative Literature Association (New York: Garland, 1985), vol. 3, pp. 68–75.
"The Paper Empires and Empirical Fictions of William Gaddis," reprinted in In Recognition of William Gaddis, eds. John Kuehl and Steven Moore (Syracuse University Press, 1984), pp. 162– 73.
"Idolology: The Model in Artistic Practice and Critical Theory," in Mimesis in Contemporary Theory, Vol. 1: The Literary and Philosophical Debate (John Benjamins, 1984), pp. 172–200.
"Aesthetics of Gender: Winckelmann, Friedrich Schlegel, and the Hermaphroditic Ideal," ch. 14 in Fragments: Incompletion & Discontinuity, ed. L. Kritzman (New York Literary Forum 8-9, [1981]), pp. 189–209.
Articles in Journals
"Freud, Moses, and the Death of Rabin," Mortality 7, no. 1 (2002), pp. 83–95.
"Psyche's Progress: Soul- and Self-making from Keats to Wilde," Intertexts 5, no.1 (2001), pp. 7–22.
"Grisham's Demons," College Literature 25.1 (Winter 1998), pp. 35–40.
"'You Must Remember This': The Intimate and the Obscene in Filmic Narrative," Yearbook of Comparative and General Literature, 40 (1992), pp. 83–89.
"The Scientific Essay and Encyclopedic Science," Stanford Literature Review, 1:1 (Spring 1984), pp. 119–48.
"Pynchon's Eve of De-struction," Pynchon Notes 14 (Feb. 1984), pp. 23–38.
"The Paper Empires and Empirical Fictions of William Gaddis," The Review of Contemporary Fiction, 2 (Summer 1982), pp. 22–31.
"Levana: Levitation in Jean Paul and Thomas De Quincey," Comparative Literature, 32 (Winter 1980), pp. 42–62.
"Probing a Post-Romantic Paleontology: Thomas Pynchon's Gravity's Rainbow," Boundary 2, 8:2 (Winter 1980), pp. 229–54.
Review Articles
"Murder: The State of the Art," American Literary History 12, no. 4 (winter 2000), pp. 780–93.
Review of The Changes of Cain by Ricardo J. Quinones, The Comparatist, 17 (May 1993), pp. 141–45.
"Romanticism and the Sciences," (review of Romanticism and the Sciences, Andrew Cunningham and Nicholas Jardine, eds.), Studies in Romanticism, 31 (Fall 1992), pp. 394–401.
"Postmodernist Fictions" (review of Postmodernist Fiction by Brian McHale), Pynchon Notes, 18-19 (Spring-Fall 1986), pp. 96–109.
"The Literature of Play and the Literature of Power" (Literature, Mimesis and Play by M. Spariosu), Poetics Today, 4:4 (1983), pp. 773–82.
"Allegory Unveiled" (review of Stephen Greenblatt, ed., Allegory and Representation, and Morton W. Bloomfield, ed., Allegory, Myth and Symbol), Poetics Today, 4:1 (Winter 1983), pp. 109–26.
"Rhetorical Questions and Critical Riddles" (review of Paul de Man, Allegories of Reading), Poetics Today, 1:4 (Summer 1980), pp. 189–201.
Reviews
Steven Tötösy de Zepetnek and Milan V. Dimić, eds., Comparative Literature Now: Theories and Practice, in Canadian Review of Comparative Literature 27:1-2 (2002), pp. 307–11.
Ben Stoltzfus, Lacan and Literature: Purloined Pretexts, in The Comparatist, vol. 22 (May 1998), pp. 194–96. .
Michael Felske, Zukünftige Vergangenheit: Thomas De Quinceys Suspiria de Profundis als natalteleologische Autobiographie, European Romantic Review 8, no. 2 (Spring 1997), pp. 209–13.
Sarah Webster Goodwin and Elisabeth Bronfen, eds. Death and Representation, in Victorian Studies, 39:1 (Autumn 1995), pp. 77–79.
George Levine, ed., Realism and Representation: Essays on the Problem of Realism in Relation to Science, Literature, and Culture, in Philosophy and Literature, 18:1 (April 1994), pp. 187– 89.
Eduardo González, The Monstered Self: Narratives of Death and Performance in Latin American Fiction, MLN, 107:5 (Dec. 1992), pp. 1064–67).
Herbert Lindenberger, The History in Literature: On Value, Genre, Institutions, in The Wordsworth Circle 22: 4 (Fall 1991), 228-30.
John Johnston's Carnival of Repetition: Gaddis's The Recognitions and Postmodern Theory, in MLN, 105:5 (December 1990), pp. 1120–24.
Virgil Nemoianu, The Taming of Romanticism: European Literature and the Age of Biedermeier, in Philosophy and Literature, 10:1 (April 1986), pp. 133–35.
Renate Jurzik, Der Stoff des Lachens: Studien über Komik, in Revue Belge de Philologie et d'Histoire, 64:3 (1986), pp. 595–97.
Frederick Garber, The Autonomy of the Self from Richardson to Huysmans, in Comparative Literature Studies, 20: 4 (Winter 1983), pp. 450–53.
Living people
University of Georgia faculty
Comparative literature academics
American literary critics
Columbia College (New York) alumni
Stanford University alumni
Hamilton College (New York) faculty
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill faculty
Year of birth missing (living people)
Julian Hermann (born 26 Mai 2001) is a Swiss footballer who plays as a midfielder for Cham.
Club career
Hermann is a youth product of their local clubs Ebikon and then Kriens, before joining the academy of Luzern at the age of 17. They started playing for their U21 squad in the Swiss 1. Liga in 2019. They made their professional debut with Luzern in a 0–0 Swiss Super League tie with FC Basel on 3 August 2020.
On 20 July 2021, they moved to Cham in the third-tier Swiss Promotion League.
References
External links
SFL Profile
2001 births
Living people
People from Lucerne-Land District
Swiss footballers
Association football midfielders
FC Luzern players
SC Cham players
Swiss 1. Liga (football) players
Swiss Super League players
Swiss Promotion League players
Sportspeople from the canton of Lucerne
The Tavern on Pyatnitskaya () is a 1978 Soviet crime film. The picture is a screen adaptation of the eponymous novel by Nikolai Leonov.
The film became was one of the leading pictures at the 1978 USSR box-office (5th place), it was seen by 54.1 million viewers.
Plot
The film is set in the 1920s, the era of the NEP. The best manpower of the Moscow Criminal Investigations Department (MUR) is involved in an operation to dismantle a gang of repeat offenders led by Igor Rybin, nicknamed as "The Grey", who are based in the tavern on Pyatnitskaya. The bandits commit break-ins, robbery and murder. One of their victims becomes the old Bolshevik Alexander Falin, who helps the police.
Employee of MUR, Nikolai Panin (Victor Perevalov) goes undercover into the gang, gets hired as a waiter (introducing themselves to the mistress as them lost half-brother), they are now "The Red". But then the unexpected happens - from the camp a bandit runs away who has the same name which they themselves used for cover...
At the same time a romantic side-plot develops between "Pashka-America" (the famous bazaar pickpocket) and newcomer from the countryside Alyona, whom they rescued when they were in trouble.
The gang is supervised by the restaurant hostess along with their fiance The Grey. They are concerned because they notice a leak of information. The Grey requires Pashka-America to help find the police informant. The Grey's partner in crime Mikhail Lavrov, dubbed as "The Frenchman" undertakes the task, who is in possession of great intelligence and powers of deduction. A few people are under suspicion, including waiter "The Red", constant visitor of the restaurant Gramin, The Frenchman themselves and Mikhail Ryumin, styled as "The Gypsy" - The Frenchman's former comrade-in-arms from the battles of the First World War and a former White officer, who did not manage to escape from Crimea during the evacuation of Wrangel's army ( "The last ship left Constantinople without me" - they say when they meet The Frenchman).
Gradually the circle of suspects narrows, either The Frenchman or The Gypsy is the guilty party. Main driver of the action becomes the detection of the undercover agent. The Grey "trusts The Gypsy with their heart and believes The Frenchman with their head" and can not decide. It turns out that an agent of the gangsters is in the police camp. Head of Criminal Investigation Klimov suspects their deputy Zaitsev, a gentleman by birth and a former employee of the tsarist police. However they do not have the evidence. As the film progresses it becomes clear that Klimov is mistaken: the true agent is not Zaitsev, but Vanya Shlyonov, former Makhnovist and longtime accomplice of the restaurant hostess, who is beyond suspicion.
Meanwhile, The Frenchman identifies The Red as the agent, but Pashka America warns him, and Panin leaves in time. The police appears at the restaurant on Pyatnitskaya. The Frenchman manages to compromise The Gypsy and assure The Grey that they are the criminal in the investigation. The Gypsy is taken hostage.
The gang tries to escape. Meanwhile, Shlyonov has a nervous breakdown and commits suicide in the building of the MUR. Shocked Klimov apologizes to Zaitsev.
The basement where the bandits have fled is surrounded by police. Gray refuses to give up and dies in a shootout together with Klimov. The rest of the bandits are arrested. It turns out that the criminal investigation agent is not Ryumin The Gypsy, but instead Lavrov The Frenchman, who is a former tsarist officer and unlike Ryumin became a Bolshevik and Red Army commander then went over to the service of the police.
At the end Pashka-America together with Alyona leaves to them village.
Cast
Gennady Korolkov as Klimov, police chief
Tamara Syomina as Irina Kholminova, restaurant hostess
Konstantin Grigoryev as Igor Rybin, head of the gang
Lev Prygunov as Mikhail Lavrov, a former warrant officer
Nikolai Yeremenko Jr. as Mikhail Eremin, a former warrant officer
Victor Perevalov as Nikolai Panin, security officer)
Aleksandr Galibin as Pashka-America (Pavel Antonov)
Production
The film was shot in Moscow on Bolshaya Ordynka, in the courtyard of the Maloyaroslavets St. Nicholas Monastery.
Interesting facts
Leonov gave to the character of the charming pickpocket "Pashka-America" a name of a criminal who actually existed. However, the real "Pashka-America" (real name Pavel Andreev) operated in Moscow during the second half of the 1940s, doing armed robberies and murders.
The White emigre romance ("Gentlemen" A. Dolsky) is played in the film.
References
External links
1978 crime films
1978 films
Soviet crime films
Mosfilm films
Films directed by Aleksandr Faintsimmer
Apolo may refer to:
Apolo, La Paz, a town in the La Paz Department in Bolivia
Apolo Anton Ohno, a US-American Olympic gold medal-winning short track speed skater who also won Dancing with the Stars in 2007
Apolo Kivebulaya, Ugandan Anglican priest and evangelist
Germán Figueroa, also known as Apolo—a Puerto Rican professional wrestler
See also
Apollo (disambiguation)
Appolo (disambiguation)
Appollo (disambiguation)
Mr. Monk Is a Mess is the fourteenth novel by Lee Goldberg based on the television series Monk. It was published on June 5, 2012. Like the other Monk novels, the story is narrated by Natalie Teeger, Monk's assistant.
Plot summary
After arriving home in San Francisco after working as police officers in Summit, New Jersey, Natalie Teeger finds a dead body laying in their bathtub. During the investigation by the police, marked money from a federal sting operation is found stuffed under Natalie's mattress. Natalie now needs Monk's help, but Monk is preoccupied with their own investigation. He's helping their brother find their missing girlfriend Yuki Nakamura, which is a problem that Monk is conflicted about, since he's happy to see Yuki leave.
As the case continues, it becomes clear that Yuki has a dangerous past, and that they are chasing a ruthless, cold-blooded killer.
Mr. Monk and the Talking Car
Mr. Monk and the Talking Car is an excerpt from Mr. Monk Is a Mess that was published as a short story in the May 2012 issue of Ellery Queen's Mystery Magazine before the release of the book.
List of characters
Characters from the television series
Adrian Monk: the titular detective, played on the series by Tony Shalhoub
Natalie Teeger: Monk's loyal assistant and the narrator of the book, played on the series by Traylor Howard
Ambrose Monk: Monk's older brother, played on the series by John Turturro
Randy Disher: The acting mayor of Summit, New Jersey, played on the series by Jason Gray-Stanford
Leland Stottlemeyer: Homicide Captain on the San Francisco Police force, played in the series by Ted Levine
Original characters
Amy Devlin: A lieutenant who is Stottlemeyer's right hand in the San Francisco Police Department
Yuki Nakamara: Assistant to Dub Clemens until their death, now is the assistant and girlfriend of Ambrose Monk
Ellen Morse: The owner of a shop in Summit, New Jersey that sells items made with sanitized excrement. Despite their profession, Adrian develops a relationship with them based on their love of symmetry and sanitization.
References
2012 American novels
Monk (novel series)
Signet Books books
The Chief William Commanda Bridge (), formerly the Prince of Wales Bridge, is a disused rail bridge in Canada, which spans the Ottawa River between Ottawa, Ontario and Gatineau, Quebec. It connected with the Bytown and Prescott Railway line just west of Lebreton Flats, and crosses the south channel of the river to Lemieux Island at the edge of Nepean Bay; it then continues across the northern channel into Quebec. Operated by the Canadian Pacific Railway for most of its history, it was bought by the City of Ottawa in 2005. Plans to incorporate it as part of an interprovincial public transportation link fell through and it is currently being renovated as a multi-use bridge.
It is a multi-span Pratt truss bridge, consisting of six equal spans over the south channel, and seven spans over the north channel; the second-last span, proceeding northward, is longer by a factor of about 1.7.
History
The bridge was built by the Quebec, Montreal, Ottawa and Occidental Railway in 1880, named for Albert Edward, Prince of Wales. At that time, it was one of the few crossings of the Ottawa River, and was one of the most valuable assets of the line, which was owned by the Quebec provincial government. The QMO&O continued to lose money, however, and it was purchased by the Canadian Pacific Railway (CPR) in 1882, which connected it with their other recent purchase, the Canada Central Railway. This connection gave the CPR a solid route from their westward line being built from North Bay to the ports of the St. Lawrence. The bridge was joined by the CPR's Royal Alexandra Interprovincial Bridge in 1901, the second railway bridge to cross the river between Ottawa and Hull.
The bridge served well into the 20th century, but as rail transport diminished and more efficient routes became more common, the line saw less traffic. In 1999, the City of Ottawa leased the CPR line, including the bridge for the construction of the Trillium Line. The bridge was used by rail traffic for the last time on July 26, 2001.
In 2005, the bridge was disconnected from the tracks just before its approach on the Ottawa side; this was done for a water line project being built along the Sir John A. Macdonald Parkway as part of the Lebreton Flats revitalization.
In 2005, the City of Ottawa purchased the bridge and associated rail corridors for $11 million as part of a plan to link Ottawa and Gatineau's light rail systems. However, Mayor Jim Watson would later declare that this original plan was unworkable.
The bridge has remained unused and the section of track between the Bayview Station and the bridge is overgrown. As the purchase of the bridge included the approaches on both sides, the City of Ottawa now owns property in Quebec.
Future
The bridge is now at the centre of controversy regarding current access and use by pedestrians. The disused bridge is often used illegally by pedestrians, sunset watchers and dog walkers, who have advocated it remain open for such active use.
On the other hand, city officials have been pointing out safety and other concerns related to the bridge for some time. Between January 1, 2005 and August 29, 2016 the Ottawa Police Service has received 51 calls about activities at the bridge, three of which resulted in charges being laid, though no complaints related to the structural safety of the bridge itself, rather to possible criminal activity occurring on the property.
With City of Gatineau officials now showing great interest in the bridge as a transit link between the two cities, modifications would need to be made, as there is only enough room for a single track on the bridge; the City of Ottawa has now permanently built over this rail infrastructure to create the new Trillium Line station at Bayview.
In September 2016 the City of Ottawa spent $46,000 to install new chain-link fences to block entrance to the bridge, although the fence was breached shortly afterwards. In September 2016, a pop-up picnic led by residents was organized in opposition to the proposed barricades. As of the end of the year 2016, the city has no plans to convert the bridge into a pedestrian or cycling path, which it says will cost $10.5 million. Rather, their stated goal is to use the bridge as an interprovincial rail link, connecting OC Transpo's Trillium Line with Gatineau's rapid transit network, although there has now been permanent and illegal building over of this rail infrastructure by the City of Ottawa. It was also proposed that this rail link might become part of a proposed commuter rail system.
In February 2018, the Canadian Transportation Agency ruled that the city breached its duty as a rail line owner when it dismantled a section of tracks near the bridge in order to build a new entrance to Bayview Station of the new Light Rail System. The CTA gave the City of Ottawa two options: to either try to sell a portion of the rail line leading to the bridge or to restore the tracks so they can accommodate rail traffic within 12 months. In statements, Ottawa mayor Jim Watson asserted that, "We don't have the funds to put rail across to Quebec at this point". While there had been funding put aside for the work several years earlier, it has since been re-directed to a pedestrian bridge over the Rideau Canal.
In April 2019 (a federal election year), the Federal Cabinet issued an Order In Council rescinding the Canadian Transportation Agency's decision, meaning that the City of Ottawa would no longer need to appeal the order to repair the rail link, also rejecting a petition from Moose Consortium Ltd., which wanted to use the bridge as part of a commuter rail project spanning the Ottawa River. The order in council dated April 5 stated that "the agency's decision went against national policy because it would force a railway company to invest in an "unused and non-profitable railway line," or discontinue it permanently", despite the Moose consortium indicating that it actively wanted to invest in this rail infrastructure.
As of June 2019, the City of Gatineau's current design for its planned Société de transport de l'Outaouais LRT system, which would launch in 2028, would see it cross the bridge to link to Ottawa's O-Train system at Bayview Station. However, in September 2019, Ottawa Mayor Watson declared that the Prince of Wales bridge will “never” be used for interprovincial commuter rail, offering the explanation that it would be "far too congested to have so many people drop off at one of the busiest intersections in our LRT system", though without offering explanation as to why the recently-built station in question, which could have been designed to manage this commuter traffic, was effectively designed to block any future use of the railway.
In December 2020, the City of Ottawa approved undertaking an Environmental Assessment study and the design of an interim multi-use pathway on the bridge. In July 2021, Ottawa City Council committed to spending $14 million to upgrade the bridge into a pedestrian bridge, and officially renamed the bridge to the Chief William Commanda Bridge, in honour of William Commanda who was the chief of the Kitigan Zibi Anishinabeg First Nation from 1951 to 1970. $8.6 million was pledged to the project by the federal government. Construction began in the fall of 2021, and the multi-use pathway is expected to be completed by the fall of 2022 with additional rehabilitation work being completed by 2024.
In May 2022, the City of Ottawa was sued for $1.5 million in a negligence case involving the death of a 14-year-old boy who drowned after climbing through the fencing barring access to the bridge put up by the City and jumping into the Ottawa River. According to the family's lawyer, Lawrence Greenspon, the City failed to take effective steps to prevent the public from accessing the bridge.
See also
Letsgomoose
List of bridges in Ottawa
List of crossings of the Ottawa River
Quebec Gatineau Railway
Trillium Line
William Commanda
References
External links
Canadian Pacific Railway bridges in Ontario
Railway bridges in Quebec
Bridges in Ottawa
Bridges in Gatineau
Bridges completed in 1880
Pratt truss bridges
Bridges over the Ottawa River
Truss bridges in Canada
1880 establishments in Ontario
1880 establishments in Quebec
Stawce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Batorz, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Batorz, north-east of Janów Lubelski, and south of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Janów Lubelski County
Sarhang Koti (, also Romanized as Sarhang Kotī) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 216, in 51 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Reginald John Read (8 June 1886 – 1 March 1974) was a New Zealand medium-pace bowler who played first-class cricket for Canterbury from 1904–05 to 1937–38.
Playing career
Read made their first-class debut in Christchurch against the Australians at the age of 18 in February 1905, batting at number 11 and bowling only one over. They played two matches in 1906–07 but was given only seven overs altogether, and did not take a wicket.
They had to wait another 11 years for their next match. In 1917–18, for their Canterbury club Lancaster Park, they took 92 wickets in eight matches for 781 runs with their accurate medium-pace bowling, and they returned to the Canterbury side at the age of 31. The Plunket Shield was still in its wartime hiatus, but there were several inter-provincial friendly matches. In their first match, against Otago, they took 3 for 58 and 2 for 35 (bowling throughout the innings) and made 18 and 34 not out to help Canterbury to victory. In the next match they bowled through the entire Wellington first innings, taking 4 for 43 off 23 overs. They remained in the Canterbury side, opening the bowling for more than ten years until their early forties.
In 1920–21, in what proved to be Southland's second-last first-class match, they took 7 for 35 and 7 for 24, bowling unchanged throughout the two innings. In 1922–23, when Canterbury won the Plunket Shield, they were the leading bowler in the competition, with 20 wickets at an average of 18.40. In the victory over Auckland that season they made their highest score, 50, then took 5 for 53 and 3 for 81.
No one bettered Read's Plunket Shield tally of 19 wickets in 1926–27, but at 40 they were overlooked when the team for New Zealand's first tour of England in 1927 was chosen. They were selected to play for New Zealand against the touring Australians in 1927–28, but took only two wickets in the two matches. By the time New Zealand played Test cricket for the first time, in 1930, they were no longer playing for Canterbury.
Read kept playing for Lancaster Park, on their way to a tally of around 1800 wickets in club cricket. Without him, Canterbury won the Plunket Shield in 1934–35, but then did not win a match in 1935–36 or 1936–37, and for the 1937–38 season they brought Read back to open the bowling again at the age of 51. They took only four wickets in the three matches, and Canterbury finished last without a victory again, but their stamina was undiminished. In their final match they bowled 33.1 eight-ball overs, taking 1 for 102 as Auckland amassed 590.
In their first first-class match Read had played against Syd Gregory, whose first-class career began in 1890; in their last match they played against Merv Wallace, whose first-class career ended in 1961. Dick Brittenden said of Read: "From a run of about eight yards, they bowled medium-paced out-swingers and off-breaks ... their mastery of length and direction was absolute ... Read was one of the fittest cricketers ever to put on a pad."
Personal life
Read worked as a supervisor in a Christchurch foundry. Later they retired to live in Kaikoura.
References
External links
Reg Read at CricketArchive
1886 births
1974 deaths
Canterbury cricketers
New Zealand cricketers
Pre-1930 New Zealand representative cricketers
Cricketers from Auckland
Kamp-e Sad Lar (, also Romanized as Kamp-e Sad Lār; also known as Sadd-e Daryācheh-ye Lār, Sadd-e Lār, and Ta'sīsāt-e Khadamātī-ye Sadd-e Lār) is a village in Bala Larijan Rural District, Larijan District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 187, in 62 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Jessica Rinaldi is a Pulitzer Prize winning photojournalist from the Boston Globe. They were awarded the Pulitzer prize in Feature Photography for their photographic story of a child living after abuse.
Early career
Rinaldi graduated from Boston University in 2001 with a B.S. in Journalism. For ten years they were a contract photographer for Reuters, winning multiple awards.
Pulitzer prize
Rinaldi's Pulitzer-winning submission was a photo-documentary of a seven-year-old named Strider Wolf. At two years old, Wolf was severely beaten by their parents, and underwent surgery for their damaged organs; the scar of which is visible in Rinaldi's work. The photos document Wolf living with their grandparents in rural Maine. When the story initially ran, a GoFundMe campaign was started, raising nearly $20,000 for Wolf and their caretakers. Rinaldi's other submission was a finalist for chronicling the life of heroin addicts in East Boston.
References
Pulitzer Prize for Feature Photography winners
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
In medieval music, the Guidonian hand was a mnemonic device used to assist singers in learning to sight-sing. Some form of the device may have been used by Guido of Arezzo, a medieval music theorist who wrote a number of treatises, including one instructing singers in sightreading. The hand occurs in some manuscripts before Guido's time as a tool to find the semitone; it does not have the depicted form until the 12th century. Sigebertus Gemblacensis in 1105–1110 did describe Guido using the joints of the hand to aid in teaching their hexachord. The Guidonian hand is closely linked with Guido's new ideas about how to learn music, including the use of hexachords, and the first known Western use of solfège.
Theory
The idea of the Guidonian hand is that each portion of the hand represents a specific note within the hexachord system, which spans nearly three octaves from "Γ ut" (that is, "Gamma ut") (the contraction of which is "Gamut", which can refer to the entire span) to "E la" (in other words, from the G at the bottom of the modern bass clef to the E at the top of the treble clef). The compound names combine the tone's pitch letter and up to three hexachordal syllables to indicate the functions of each note. These compound names were sometimes rendered with spaces between the pitch letter and the syllables, but in prose were also sometimes combined into one word, adding an "e" after the pitch letter if it was a consonant, yielding the names indicated in the chart below. Some of the compound names clarify the register (for example, C fa ut, C sol fa ut, and C sol fa indicate three different octaves of C), but there are also some names that repeat (for instance, the same name B mi appears in three different octaves).
In teaching, an instructor would indicate a series of notes for their students to sing by pointing to them on their hand, similar to the system of hand signals sometimes used in conjunction with solfège. Commonly, as in the example below, the notes of the gamut were mentally superimposed onto the joints and fingertips of the left hand. Thus "gamma ut" (two Gs below middle C) was the tip of the thumb, A ("A re") was the inside of the thumb knuckle, B ("B mi") was the joint at the base of the thumb, C ("C fa ut") was the joint at the base of the index finger, and so on, spiraling around the hand counterclockwise past middle C ("C sol fa ut") until the D a ninth above middle C ("D la sol") (the middle joint of the middle finger) and the E above that ("E la") (the back of that joint, the only note on the back of the hand) were reached. The exact position of the notes on the hand occasionally varies from source to source, so it can be argued that no one version is definitive.
This device allowed people to visualize where the half steps of the gamut were, and to visualize the interlocking positions of the hexachords (the names of which—ut re mi fa sol la—were taken from the hymn "Ut queant laxis"). The Guidonian hand was reproduced in numerous medieval treatises.
Exact notation to the hexachord system can be found in a reproduction of Ameri Practica artis musice (1271), or in the 1784 source Scriptores ecclesiastici de musica sacra potissimum.
The hexachord in the Middle Ages
The hexachord as a mnemonic device was first described by Guido of Arezzo, in their Epistola de ignoto cantu and the treatise titled Micrologus. It was the most basic pedagogical tool for learning new music in the European Middle Ages, and was often referenced in contemporary musical theory. In each hexachord, all adjacent pitches are a whole tone apart, except for the middle two, which are separated by a semitone. These six pitches are named ut, re, mi, fa, sol, and la, with the semitone between mi and fa. These six names are derived from the first syllable of each half-line of the 8th century hymn "Ut queant laxis".
Each hexachord could start on G, C or F and the adjacent table, reading upwards from the bottom, shows the notes in each hexachord for each of three octaves. Reading from left to right could, within certain limits, permit notes within different octaves to be distinguished from each other. Thus, C (modern c) was "C fa ut" (or "Cefaut"), c (modern c′) was "C sol fa ut", and cc (modern c″) was "C sol fa". Since the lowest pitch was designated by the Greek letter Γ (gamma, for 'g'), the pitch was known as "Gamma ut" or "Gamut", a term which came to designate the range of notes available, and later, a complete range of anything.
The hexachordal system also distinguished between B (fa in the F hexachord, and known as "B molle" for 'soft B') and B♮ (mi in the G hexachord, and known as "B durum" for 'hard B'). Over time, the soft and hard variants of 'b' were depicted as a rounded '' and a squared-off '' which gradually developed into the modern flat and natural signs (or, in Northern Europe, into the letters 'b' and 'h').
Since a single hexachord did not cover every possible note in the range of the gamut (only C–A, F–D excluding B, or G–E excluding B), singers would have to "mutate" between hexachords if the range of a sixth was exceeded or if there was an alternation between B and B. In this way the "Guidonian" system of multiple hexachords was different from the modern system of solfège, wherein a single set of syllables suffices to name all possible pitches (including, often, chromatic pitches) within a mode.
Because it included B durum, the G hexachord was called hexachordum durum; likewise, the F hexachord was called hexachordum molle. The C hexachord, containing neither B, was called hexachordum naturale.
In the 14th century, this system was expanded to hexachords that would accommodate an increased use of signed accidentals. From this time onward, the use of such notes was called musica ficta.
See also
Diatonic hexachord
References
Further reading
Claude V. Palisca. "Guido of Arezzo", Grove Music Online, ed. L. Macy (accessed June 13, 2007), grovemusic.com (subscription access).
Andrew Hughes. "Solmization", Grove Music Online, ed. L. Macy (accessed March 12, 2006), grovemusic.com (subscription access).
External links
Margo Schulter, Hexachords, solmization, and musica ficta
Music mnemonics
Musical notation
Medieval music theory
Petrolia (also Petrola, Petrolla) is a hamlet in the town of Scio in Allegany County, New York, United States.
References
Hamlets in New York (state)
Hamlets in Allegany County, New York
The Hellenic Geodetic Reference System 1987 or HGRS87 () is a geodetic system commonly used in Greece (SRID=2100). The system specifies a local geodetic datum and a projection system. In some documents it is called Greek Geodetic Reference System 1987 or GGRS87.
HGRS87 datum
HGRS87 specifies a non-geocentric datum that is tied to the coordinates of the key geodetic station at the Dionysos Satellite Observatory (DSO) northeast of Athens (). The central pedestal (CP) at this location has by definition HGRS87 coordinates 38° 4' 33.8000" N - 23° 55' 51.0000"E, N = +7 m.
Although HGRS87 uses the GRS80 ellipsoid, the origin is shifted relative to the GRS80 geocenter, so that the ellipsoidal surface is best for Greece. The specified offsets relative to WGS84 (WGS84-HGRS87) are: Δx = -199.87 m, Δy = 74.79 m, Δz = 246.62 m.
The HGRS87 datum is implemented by a first order geodetic network, which consists of approximately 30 triangulation stations throughout Greece and is maintained by the Hellenic Military Geographical Service. The initial uncertainty was estimated as 0.1 ppm (1x10−7). However, there are considerable tectonic movements that move parts of Greece towards different directions, causing incompatibilities between surveys taking place at different times.
HGRS87 replaced an earlier de facto geodetic system. The datum of that system was based on the Bessel ellipsoid, with an accurate determination of the geodetic coordinates at the central premises of the National Observatory of Athens 37° 58' 20.1" N - 23° 42' 58.5"E with current Google Earth TM coordinates:37° 58' 20.20" N - 23° 43' 05.36"E and supplemented by an accurately measured azimuth from the observatory to Mount Parnes. Cartographic projections for civilian use were based on the Hatt projection system, with different projection parameters for each 1:100000 map.
HGRS87 projection
HGRS87 also specifies a transverse Mercator cartographic projection (TM) with m0=0.9996, covering six degrees of longitude either side of 24 degrees east (18-30 degrees east). This way all Greek territory (stretching to approximately 9° of longitude) is projected in one zone. References are in meters. Northings are counted from the equator. A false easting of 500000 m is assigned to the central meridian (24° east), so eastings are always positive.
Conversion from geographical coordinates in GRS80 to a projection in HGRS87 is supported by PROJ with appropriate parameters. The conversion is performed with the following code (shell command line):
proj +proj=tmerc +lat_0=0 +lon_0=24 +k=0.9996 +x_0=500000 +y_0=0 +ellps=GRS80 +towgs84=-199.87,74.79,246.62,0,0,0,0 +units=m +no_defs
Migration to HTRS07
While HGRS87 is still widely used for most civilian uses, it is partly replaced by the new Hellenic Terrestrial Reference System 2007 or HTRS07 (SRID=96758). HTRS07, which was specified for the Hellenic Positioning System (HEPOS) project, is GPS based and is compatible with European Terrestrial Reference System 1989 (ETRS89). HTRS07 is currently used for the cadastral surveys.
Converters
Online conversion among WGS84 / EGSA87 / HRTS07 / HATT
Matlab & C functions converting between WGS84 / EGSA87 (Manolis Lourakis)
See also
Hellenic Military Geographical Service
References
Further reading
Συντεταγμένες ΕΓΣΑ'87 σε δέκτες GPS Programming popular GPS receivers to display coordinates using the HGRS87 datum (in Greek).
Coordinate Reference Systems GR
Map Projections GR
Geographic coordinate systems
Geodesy
The 2016 Canadian Junior Curling Championships were held from January 23 to 31 at the Stratford Rotary Complex. The winners represented Canada at the 2016 World Junior Curling Championships in Copenhagen, Denmark.
Men
Round robin standings
Final Round Robin Standings
Championship pool standings
After Round Robin Standings
Playoffs
Semifinal
Saturday, January 30, 19:00
Final
Sunday, January 31, 15:00
Women
Round robin standings
Final Round Robin Standings
Championship pool standings
Final Round Robin Standings
Playoffs
Semifinal
Saturday, January 30, 14:00
Final
Sunday, January 31, 10:00
Qualification
The Junior Provincials were held January 6–10 at the Re/Max CC in St. John's (women's) and January 3–6 at the Corner Brook Curling Club in Corner Brook (men's). Junior Women's was a double round robin between the three teams qualified; Junior Men's was a single round robin. For the playoffs, the Junior Men's division had the top three teams advancing to the playoffs. The Junior Women's division had the top two teams advancing to the playoffs. If a team goes undefeated in the round robin, they must be beaten twice in the playoffs.
Results:
Men's tiebreaker: Trickett 9 - O'Neill 2
Men's tiebreaker: Smith 6 - Taylor 5
Men's quarter final: O'Neill 7 - Taylor 3
Men's semi final: Trickett 10 - O'Neill 4
Men's final: Smith 7 - Trickett 6
Women's final: Godsland 9 - Hill 8
The Mackie's NS Junior Provincials were held December 27–31 at the Lakeshore Curling Club in Sackville. The event is a modified triple knock-out qualifying three teams in a modified playoff.
Pre-Playoff Results:
Playoff results:
Men's semi final: Manuel 8 - Cocks 4
Men's final (N/A): Manuel vs Manuel
Women's semi final: Fay 9 - Ladouceur 1
Women's final (N/A): Fay vs Fay
The Pepsi PEI Provincial Junior Curling Championships were held December 27–30 at the Western Community Curling Club in Alberton.
The juniors will play a modified triple-knockout format, which will qualify three teams for a championship round.
Pre-Playoff results:
Playoff results:
Men's semi final: Smith 5 - MacFadyen 3
Men's final: MacLean 6 - Smith 3
Women's semi final (N/A): Fullerton vs Fullerton
Women's final (N/A): Fullerton vs Fullerton
The O'Leary Junior Provincial Championships are being held December 28–31 at the Riverside Country Club in Rothesay. The event is a modified triple knockout, qualifying three teams in a modified playoff.
Results:
Men's semi final: Smeltzer 6 - Robichaud 8
Men's final: MacCabe 5 - Robichaud 6
Women's semi final: Crook 1 - Comeau 8
Women's final: Crook 3 - Comeau 6
The Championnat Provincial Junior Brosse Performance is being held from January 4–8 at the Club de curling Montréal Ouest in Montréal.
The event is a round-robin with a modified playoff.
Men's semi final: Dion 4 - Roberge 9
Men's final: Asselin 9 - Roberge 5
Women's tiebreaker: Laurier 4 - Lavoie 7
Women's semi final: Jean 7 - Lavoie 6
Women's final: St-Georges 8 - Jean 6
The Pepsi Ontario Junior Curling Championships were held January 6–10 at the Mississaugua Golf & Country Club in Mississauga.
Results:
Men's semi final: Michaud 3 - Calwell 4
Men's final: Kee 10 - Calwell 3
Women's semi final: Marshall 6 - Murphy 5
Women's final: Auld 7 - Marshall 5
The Junior Provincial Championships are being held January 2–5 at the Kakabeka Falls CC (Men's) and Sioux Lookout CC (Women's).
Results:
Men's Tiebreaker A: Lemieux 6 - Roberts 4
Men's Tiebreaker B: Warkentin 4 - Fudge 7
Men's Tiebreaker C: Lemieux 9 - Fudge 3
Men's semi final: Vanderberg 11 - Lemieux 2
Men's final: Horgan 6 - Vanderberg 3
Women's Tiebreaker 1: Beaudry 9 - Daly 8
Women's Tiebreaker 2: Geaudry 10 - Beaudry 2
Women's semi final: Smith 8 - Geaudry 1
Women's final: Burns 4 - Smith 8
The Canola Junior Provincial Championships are being held January 6–11 at the Riverdale Community Centre in Rivers
Results:
Men's tiebreaker: Wiebe 3 - Oryniak 4
Men's B1 vs R1: Dunstone 7 - Ryan 2
Men's B2 vs R2: Oryniak 9 - Calvert 6
Men's semi final: Ryan 5 - Oryniak 7
Men's final: Dunstone 7 - Oryniak 4
Women's tiebreaker: Watling 8 - Lamb 5
Women's B1 vs R1: Zacharias 2 - Burtnyk 6
Women's B2 vs R2: Watling 7 - Ackland 8
Women's semi final: Zacharias 5 - Ackland 7
Women's final: Burtnyk 4 - Ackland 7
The Junior Provincial Championships are being held January 2–6 at the Nutana Curling Club in Saskatoon.
Men's Tiebreaker 1: Dlouhy 5 - Ackerman 4
Men's Tiebreaker 2: Springer 6 - Dlouhy 5
Men's A1 vs. B1: Hersikorn 8 - Kleiter 2
Men's A2 vs. B2: Springer 4 - Stewart 7
Men's semi final: Kleiter 5 - Stewart 4
Men's final: Hersikorn 5 - Kleiter 4
Women's Tiebreaker: Grabarczyk 3 - Williamson 7
Women's A1 vs. B1: Fesser 8 - Tokarz 5
Women's A2 vs. B2: Williamson 3 - Jones 6
Women's semi final: Tokarz 6 - Jones 5
Women's final: Fesser 8 - Tokarz 3
The Subway Junior Provincials are being held January 2–6 at the Wainwright Curling Club in Wainwright.
Results:
Men's semi final: Lautner 4 - Sturmay 6
Men's final: Harty 4 - Sturmay 7
Women's semi final: Streifel 5 - Skrlik 6
Women's final: Sturmay 6 - Skrlik 5
The Tim Horton's Junior Provincial Championships were held December 29–January 3 at the Kamlooops Curling Club in Kamloops.
Results:
Men's Tiebreaker 1: Love 7 - Carpenter 0
Men's Tiebreaker 2: Kiss 7 - Love 8
Men's 1 vs 2: Tardi 8 - Henderson 5
Men's 3 vs 4: McCrady 10 - Love 6
Men's Semi Final: Henderson 5 - McCrady 8
Men's Final: Tardi 8 - McCrady 3
Women's 1 vs 2: Brown 11 - Daniels 7
Women's 3 vs 4: Coulombe 6 - Loken 8
Women's Semi Final: Daniels 9 - Loken 4
Women's Final: Brown 3 - Daniels 11
Men: Brayden Klassen (Whitehorse)
Women: Alyssa Meger (Whitehorse)
Men: Matthew Miller (Inuvik)
Women: Zoey Walsh (Hay River)
Men: Arthur Siksik (Qavik)
Women: Sadie Pinksen (Iqaluit)
References
External links
Junior Championships
Canadian Junior Curling Championships, 2016
Sport in Stratford, Ontario
Canadian Junior Curling Championships
Canadian Junior Curling
Parnasala is a monument in the shape of a full bloomed lotus in white marble, located at Santhigiri Ashram, 21 km from Kerala's capital Thiruvananthapuram. The monument is at the final resting place of Navajyothisree Karunakara Guru (1927–99), the founder of Santhigiri Ashram.
The Parnasala, which rises to a height of 91 ft., was inaugurated by the then President of India, Pratibha Devisingh Patil, on 13 August 2010. It was opened for public 12 September 2010.
History and significance
Navajyothisree Karunakara Guru was born on 1 September 1927, in a simple family in Chandiroor village in the Alappuzha district of Kerala. Named Karunakaran by their parents, they were a quiet, contemplative boy who their followers believe received mystical experiences since childhood. They left home at the age of 14 years to lead a monastic life. After serving in Varkala-based Sivagiri Mutt and its various institutions for 17 years, Guru, by then known as Karunakara Swami, moved to live permanently at Pothencode in 1968. The first form of the Guru's ‘Parnasala' (hermitage) was that of a thatched roof supported by four tapioca stems. In the 1970s, this simple structure was converted into a one-room tenement with a tiled roof. It was in these austere environs that Guru lived and daily met the people who thronged the simple hermitage looking for solutions to everyday problems, including chronic ailments, or in search of higher truths. After the Guru's death on 6 May 1999, their followers interred their body in the Parnasala and raised it as a monument.
The foundation stone for the Lotus Parnasala was placed by Sishyapoojitha Amritha Jnana Thapaswini, the foremost disciple of Guru and their spiritual successor, on 17 November 1999. The construction work went on uninterrupted for ten years, backed by the unstinted prayers and support of the Guru's disciples and followers in different parts of the world such as the late former President of India, Sri K.R. Narayanan and noted author, Sri O.V. Vijayan
A lamp lit by Guru when they established the Ashram, has been kept burning ever since and is placed inside the Parnasala, which symbolises the Guru's life and message of universal peace, spirituality and fraternity propagated through a Guru-Disciple order.
Design and dimensions
The Parnasala is not designed by a professional architect. Its shape and structure were conceived by the head of Santhigiri Ashram, Sishyapoojitha Amritha Jnana Thapaswini, in inner visions. Nearly 100,000 Sq. Ft. of the milky white marble was specially mined at Makrana in Rajasthan and transported to Santhigiri Ashram for the Parnasala. The world-famous Makrana marble has been the stone of choice for use in renowned monuments such as the Taj Mahal. Black granite was specially mined in Chamrajnagar district in Karnataka for the Parnasala.
The Parnasala consists of 21 marble overlaid petals supported on 21 pillars. While 12 petals, signifying the 12 zodiac divisions, are located in the upper layer, 9 petals, signifying the 9 planets, unfurl in the lower layer. Similarly, there are nine inner and 12 outer pillars. There is a passage for the movement of devotees between the inner and outer pillars.
At the heart of the Parnasala is a cubicle in the shape of a lotus bud, which is carved out of teak wood and has the inner walls encased in brass plates. The Guru's sacred body has been placed in a marble casket inside this wooden sanctum. A life-size image of Guru, sculpted in gold, has been placed in the sanctum atop a platform made of black granite. Eleven steps, also made of black granite, lead to the platform.
The Parnasala rises to a height of 91 ft. and is 84 ft wide. The inner circle has a width of 64 ft. The 12 upward petals measure 41 ft. each while the 9 downward petals measure 31 ft. The teak wood sanctum has a height of 27 feet and 21 ft. diameter. A parasol with a diameter of 36 ft. shades over the sanctum. In front of the sanctum is a ceremonial platform with intricate wooden carvings and artwork.
Dedication and opening ceremonies
The Lotus Parnasala was formally dedicated to humanity by the President of India, Pratibha Devisingh Patil, at a special function at Santhigiri Ashram on 13 August 2010. Kerala's Governor, Sri R. S. Gavai, presided over the function, which was also attended by Kerala's Home Minister, Sri Kodiyeri Balakrishnan and Member of Parliament Shashi Tharoor.
Speaking on the occasion, the President described Navajyothisree Karunakara Guru as a great visionary who believed in a casteless society based on strong family values. The lotus-shaped Parnasala is a befitting tribute to the Guru, who always said the religion they believed is that of love, tolerance and fraternity, they added.
Parnasala dedication programmes
The President also inaugurated a month-long Parnasala Dedication Celebration which included events such as an ‘International Conference on Global Warming, Climate Change, Sustainable Development and Secular Spirituality, which was inaugurated by the President of East Timor and the 1996 Nobel Peace Laureate, Mr. Jose Ramos-Horta.
Other events included a ‘National Spiritual Congress', an Arts and Cultural Festival called ‘Kalanjali', a national products and crafts exhibition called ‘Santhigiri Expo', ‘Edu. Fest' for school and college students, a Middle East Health and Research Seminar and a Media Seminar.
Opening day
‘Prakashathinte Divasam' (The Day of the Supreme Light) was celebrated by Santhigiri Ashram on 12 September 2010, the 84th birthday of Navajyothisree Karunakara Guru, to mark the opening of the Parnasala for public worship by Sishyapoojitha Amritha Jnana Thapaswini. India's Defence Minister, A. K. Antony, was the first national leader to offer flowers in the monument on that day [15].
References
External links
Buildings and structures in Thiruvananthapuram district
Monuments and memorials in Kerala
This is a list of defunct airlines from Israel.
See also
List of airlines of Israel
List of airports in Israel
References
Israel
Airlines
Airlines, defunct
Raja Anup Rai (Singh Dalan) was a Rajput nobleman of Bargujar ancestry in seventeenth century India, and a courtier of the Mughal emperor, Jahangir. They were also known as Singh Dalan (lion crusher) for intercepting a lion that was on verge of attacking the emperor during a royal hunt.
The lion hunt
The royal party went on a hunt on or around January 6, 1611. Jahangir dismounted from their horse and fired their musket at a lion during the hunt, but only wounded the animal. The lion began to advance on Jahangir, but Rai confronted the animal instead, armed with nothing but a stick. They "manfully faced them and struck them twice with both hands on the head." When the lion still made for the emperor, Anup Rai used their bare arms against the maw of the animal, which grabbed both of Anup Rai's arms in their mouth and dragged them down to their knees. The crown prince, Khurram, and another member of the hunting party, Raja Ram Das, attacked the lion with swords. Prince Khurram struck at the lion's haunches and Raja Ram Das at the shoulder. Somehow Anup Rai managed to free their arms, which had been bitten through, and "struck them two or three times on the cheek with their fist."
Had Rai not intervened, the emperor would likely have been killed. Jahangir was grateful. Rai received thirty-two wounds, which the emperor bound himself, taking them in the emperor's own palanquin. They were made a captain of five-thousand horsemen.
Khusrau Mirza's captor
In 1616, Jahangir asked Rai to keep Prince Khusrau Mirza (Jahangir's oldest son, whom Roe called Corsoronne) under confinement. Sir Thomas Roe, the first English ambassador in India, records that General Asaf Khan and Prince Eteman Daulat waited until Jahangir was drunk one night and tricked the inebriated emperor into agreeing to release Khusrau into the prince's hands. General Asif Khan immediately went to Rai with an armed guard and demanded Khusrau's delivery to him. The Raja refused, saying that "he had receiued the Prince their brother from the handes of the king and to no other would deliver them (sic)." The next morning, Rai went to the emperor, and "the king replyed: you haue done honestly, faythfully."Khusrau was left in Rai's custodianship for the immediate period.
Founder of Anupshahr
The town of Anupshahr in Bulandshahr district of Uttar Pradesh state was founded by raja Anup singh badgujar.
References
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
17th-century Indian people
Mughal nobility
Medieval India
Rapen is a tourist walking area in Kragerø municipality, Norway. Rapen is situated at the southern tip of Kragerø, facing the Skagerrak strait.
References
Geography of Telemark
In geometry, an trapezohedron, -trapezohedron, -antidipyramid, -antibipyramid, or -deltohedron is the dual polyhedron of an antiprism. The faces of and are congruent and symmetrically staggered; they are called twisted kites. With a higher symmetry, its faces are kites (also called trapezoids, or deltoids).
The "" part of the name does not refer to faces here, but to two arrangements of each vertex around an axis of symmetry. The dual antiprism has two actual faces.
An trapezohedron can be dissected into two equal pyramids and an antiprism.
Terminology
These figures, sometimes called deltohedra, must not be confused with deltahedra, whose faces are equilateral triangles.
Twisted trigonal, tetragonal, and hexagonal trapezohedra (with six, eight, and twelve twisted congruent kite faces) exist as crystals; in crystallography (describing the crystal habits of minerals), they are just called trigonal, tetragonal, and hexagonal trapezohedra. They have no plane of symmetry, and no center of inversion symmetry;, but they have a center of symmetry: the intersection point of their symmetry axes. The trigonal trapezohedron has one 3-fold symmetry axis, perpendicular to three 2-fold symmetry axes. The tetragonal trapezohedron has one 4-fold symmetry axis, perpendicular to four 2-fold symmetry axes of two kinds. The hexagonal trapezohedron has one 6-fold symmetry axis, perpendicular to six 2-fold symmetry axes of two kinds.
Crystal arrangements of atoms can repeat in space with trigonal and hexagonal trapezohedron cells.
Also in crystallography, the word trapezohedron is often used for the polyhedron with 24 congruent non-twisted kite faces properly known as a (deltoidal) icositetrahedron, which has eighteen order-4 vertices and eight order-3 vertices. This is not to be confused with the dodecagonal trapezohedron, which also has 24 congruent kite faces, but two order-12 apices (i.e. poles) and two rings of twelve order-3 vertices each.
Still in crystallography, the deltoid dodecahedron has 12 congruent non-twisted kite faces, six order-4 vertices and eight order-3 vertices (the rhombic dodecahedron is a special case). This is not to be confused with the hexagonal trapezohedron, which also has 12 congruent kite faces, but two order-6 apices (i.e. poles) and two rings of six order-3 vertices each.
Forms
An -trapezohedron is defined by a regular zig-zag skew -gon base, two symmetric apices with no degree of freedom right above and right below the base, and quadrilateral faces connecting each pair of adjacent basal edges to one apex.
An -trapezohedron has two apical vertices on its polar axis, and basal vertices in two regular -gonal rings. It has congruent kite faces, and it is isohedral.
Special cases:
. A degenerate form of trapezohedron: a geometric tetrahedron with 6 vertices, 8 edges, and 4 degenerate kite faces that are degenerated into triangles. Its dual is a degenerate form of antiprism: also a tetrahedron.
. The dual of a triangular antiprism: the kites are rhombi (or squares); hence these trapezohedra are also zonohedra. They are called rhombohedra. They are cubes scaled in the direction of a body diagonal. They are also the parallelepipeds with congruent rhombic faces.
A special case of a rhombohedron is one in which the rhombi forming the faces have angles of and . It can be decomposed into two equal regular tetrahedra and a regular octahedron. Since parallelepipeds can fill space, so can a combination of regular tetrahedra and regular octahedra.
. The pentagonal trapezohedron is the only polyhedron other than the Platonic solids commonly used as a die in roleplaying games such as Dungeons & Dragons. Being convex and face-transitive, it makes fair dice. Having 10 sides, it can be used in repetition to generate any decimal-based uniform probability desired. Typically, two dice of different colors are used for the two digits to represent numbers from to .
Symmetry
The symmetry group of an -gonal trapezohedron is , of order , except in the case of : a cube has the larger symmetry group of order , which has four versions of as subgroups.
The rotation group of an -trapezohedron is , of order , except in the case of : a cube has the larger rotation group of order , which has four versions of as subgroups.
Note: Every -trapezohedron with a regular zig-zag skew -gon base and congruent non-twisted kite faces has the same (dihedral) symmetry group as the dual-uniform -trapezohedron, for .
One degree of freedom within symmetry from Dnd (order 4n) to Dn (order 2n) changes the congruent kites into congruent quadrilaterals with three edge lengths, called twisted kites, and the n-trapezohedron is called a twisted trapezohedron. (In the limit, one edge of each quadrilateral goes to zero length, and the n-trapezohedron becomes an n-bipyramid.)
If the kites surrounding the two peaks are not twisted but are of two different shapes, the n-trapezohedron can only have Cnv (cyclic with vertical mirrors) symmetry, order 2n, and is called an unequal or asymmetric trapezohedron. Its dual is an unequal n-antiprism, with the top and bottom n-gons of different radii.
If the kites are twisted and are of two different shapes, the n-trapezohedron can only have Cn (cyclic) symmetry, order n, and is called an unequal twisted trapezohedron.
Star trapezohedron
A star -trapezohedron (where ) is defined by a regular zig-zag skew star -gon base, two symmetric apices with no degree of freedom right above and right below the base, and quadrilateral faces connecting each pair of adjacent basal edges to one apex.
A star -trapezohedron has two apical vertices on its polar axis, and basal vertices in two regular -gonal rings. It has congruent kite faces, and it is isohedral.
Such a star -trapezohedron is a self-intersecting, crossed, or non-convex form. It exists for any regular zig-zag skew star -gon base (where ).
But if , then , so the dual star antiprism (of the star trapezohedron) cannot be uniform (i.e. cannot have equal edge lengths); and if , then , so the dual star antiprism must be flat, thus degenerate, to be uniform.
A dual-uniform star -trapezohedron has Coxeter-Dynkin diagram .
See also
Diminished trapezohedron
Rhombic dodecahedron
Rhombic triacontahedron
Bipyramid
Truncated trapezohedron
Conway polyhedron notation
The Haunter of the Dark, a short story by H.P. Lovecraft in which a fictional ancient artifact known as The Shining Trapezohedron plays a crucial role.
References
Chapter 4: Duals of the Archimedean polyhedra, prisma and antiprisms
External links
HCR's Formula for n-gonal trapezohedron/deltohedron from Academia.edu
Virtual Reality Polyhedra The Encyclopedia of Polyhedra
VRML models (George Hart) <3> <4> <5> <6> <7> <8> <9> <10>
Conway Notation for Polyhedra Try: "dAn", where n=3,4,5... Example: "dA5" is a pentagonal trapezohedron.
Paper model tetragonal (square) trapezohedron
Polyhedra
fr:Antidiamant
Carl Axel Mothander (18861965) a former Swedish reserve officer; major in the White Finnish Army in the Finnish War of Independence 1917/18, organizer of the Finnish White Army's field hospitals promoted to major; commander of the Swedish volunteers in the Estonian War of Independence promoted to lieutenant colonel. After the war, in 1928, Mothander settled in Estonia, as they married a Baltic German Baroness, Benita von Wrangel (1878–1967). Thereafter Mothander tried to take the role of mediator between the Estonians and the Baltic Germans. The Baltic Germans' effective rule and class privileges had come to an end with the establishment of the Republic of Estonia. On October 10, 1919, The Land Reform Act was passed by the Estonian Constituent Assembly. This act confiscated and redistributed the Baltic German estates, ending 700 years of possession of the regions that the Germans had gained after the Livonian Crusade.
Mothander is the author of the books Baroner, bönder och bolsjeviker i Estland (Barons, locals and bolsheviks in Estonia) translated into German, Finnish and Estonian. The book analyzed the relationships between Estonians, Baltic Germans and Bolsheviks after the War of Independence. The Finnish translation was censored and banned from book stores in Finland in 1944–1946 Svenske kungens Vita Skepp, det äventyrliga spelet om Estlandssvenskarna (Swedish King's White Ship) is a book written by Carl Mothander about the Estonian Swedes. The books were published in Sweden after Mothander and their wife narrowly escaped from the hands of the NKVD in 1940.
Mothander also worked for the Estonian Red Cross and was a member of the Red Cross Katyn Commission that investigated the alleged Soviet massmurder on Polish officers taken prisoners during the Soviet-Polish war 1939.
The Swedish volunteer unit to support the Republic of Estonia in the Estonian War of Independence under the command of Carl Mothander was formed in Sweden in early 1919. In March 1919, 178 volunteers took part in scout missions in Virumaa. In April, the company was sent to the Southern front and took part of the battles near Pechory. By May 5 there were 68 men left in the company. On May 17, the company was disbanded by the order of the Estonian Minister of War. Some of the volunteers returned home in Sweden, some joined the Estonian Army, some the Danish volunteer unit. Other commanders of the Swedish volunteers in Estonia included C.G. Malmberg and L. Hällen.
References
External links
Tohisoo Manor: von Wrangel's family residence in Estonia until 1939
1886 births
1965 deaths
Swedish military officers
People of the Estonian War of Independence
Swedish-language writers
The Scavengers (1969) is a western war drama and exploitation film released in 1969, and re-released as The Grabbers in 1970. It was directed by Lee Frost and starred John Bliss. Uschi Digard also participated.
The film takes place in the period just after the American Civil War. Renegade Confederate soldiers take over a frontier town, but after they molest a young black woman, a group of ex-slaves arm themselves and counter-attack.
The film, like Love Camp 7, is considered among the more notorious of Frost's films.
References
External links
1969 films
Films directed by Lee Frost
1960s war drama films
1960s action films
1969 drama films
St John the Baptist's Church is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Sutterby, Lincolnshire, England. It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building, and is under the care of the Friends of Friendless Churches.
History
The church dates from the 12th century with additions in the 14th century. A south porch was added in 1743. It was declared redundant by the Diocese of Lincoln in August 1972, and gifted as a monument in March 1981. It was taken into the care of the charity, the Friends of Friendless Churches, who has held the freehold from 3 July 1981. Major repairs were carried out in 2002, and more repairs are being undertaken in 2010.
Architecture
St John's is a simple building in one storey. It is constructed in greenstone with some brick patching, and has slate roofs. Its plan consists of a nave with a south porch, and a narrower chancel. In the west wall is a blocked window. The north wall contains a blocked 12th-century round-arched doorway and a blocked rectangular window. In the east wall is a four-light window with trefoil heads, and there is a similar two-light window in the south wall of the chancel. The south wall of the nave is supported by a brick buttress, to the left of which is a two-light window dating from the 14th century. The porch is gabled and has a 14th-century ogee-arched doorway. Internally, the furniture includes a 14th-century font in Decorated style with carved tracery on its sides, an 18th-century pulpit which is in a collapsed condition, and what remains of a 19th-century screen.
References
External links
12th-century church buildings in England
14th-century church buildings in England
Grade II listed churches in Lincolnshire
Churches preserved by the Friends of Friendless Churches
The First Historical Archives of China (FHAC, ) is home to many historical documents managed by the National Archives Administration of China. The First Historical Archives of China is located in Beijing and has China's central government archives of Ming and Qing dynasties.
Collection overview
The archives keep 74 fonds of Ming and Qing historical archives, about 10 million pieces (volumes), of which more than 3,000 are Ming Dynasty archives, and most of the rest are Qing Dynasty archives.
Among the archives in the collection, Chinese archives account for about 80%, Manchu archives account for about 20%, Mongolian archives account for more than 50,000 pieces (volumes), and a small number of archives in other ethnic languages, as well as foreign countries such as Britain, France, Germany, Russia, and Japan.
Ming Dynasty Archives
As the Ming Dynasty burned the palace offices when it perished, a large number of Ming Dynasty archives were reduced to ashes. Later, the Qing government ordered the destruction of the Ming Dynasty archives many times, and the archives kept by the Jiageku and the Nanming court were all destroyed. The Daxing writing prisons in the Qing Dynasty also destroyed a large number of Ming Dynasty books and archives. To sum up the reasons, the archives of the Ming Dynasty remaining in the world can be described as very few.
The more than 3,000 pieces (volumes) of Ming Dynasty archives kept in China's First Historical Archives were collected after Emperor Kangxi in the Qing Dynasty to supplement the insufficiency of the "Ming History". The time period was from the 4th year of Hongwu in the Ming Dynasty to the 17th year of Chongzhen. Including archives of 11 dynasties including Hongwu, Yongle, Xuande, Chenghua, Zhengde, Jiajing, Longqing, Wanli, Taichang, Tianqi, and Chongzhen. The main types of languages ​​are: edict, proposition, title book, memorial, title manuscript, unveiling post, submission, essay, open version, manuscript, essay, payment, map, contract, tax receipt, household registration, etc.
The collections of precious Ming Dynasty archives mainly include: the earliest existing Ming Dynasty archives-"Hukou Form", "Selling Land Deed" (1371), the earliest surviving emperor's edict-"Yongle Edict", the largest preserved in China, the date The oldest and most complete map of the ancient world drawn by the Chinese themselves—"Da Ming Mixture Picture", etc.
Qing Dynasty ArchivesAfter foreign powers invaded, looted and burned in the late Qing Dynasty, as well as the regime change and war destruction during the period of the Beiyang warlords and the Kuomintang, the Qing Dynasty archives loss was also quite serious. According to incomplete statistics, the total number of Qing Dynasty archives kept in public institutions and private hands at home and abroad is less than 20 million (volumes). 1. File content. The 10 million Qing Dynasty archives preserved by China's First Historical Archives are document archives formed more than 300 years from the nine years before the Qing Dynasty entered the customs (1607) to the three years of Xuantong (1911). The latest file is the edict on the abdication of Emperor Xuantong on December 25th (February 12, 1911) of Xuantong three years. In addition, it also includes the archives formed between 1921 and 1931 after Puyi abdicated, such as the "Sunnah" of Dezong compiled by the Xuantong imperial court in the 13th year of Xuantong (1921). The contents of the archives cover many aspects of Qing Dynasty politics, economy, military, culture, art, ethnicity, religion, diplomacy, science and technology, astronomy, geography, meteorology, major events, important ordinances, important historical figures, etc. It is a research and compilation First-hand valuable information on contemporary history. 2. File fonds. The archives preserved in the Qing Dynasty are divided into 73 fonds according to the institutions formed by the archives. Among them, the archives of the cabinet and the fonds of the Ministry of Internal Affairs each have more than 1 million (volumes), and the archives of the Military Aircraft Department, the Palace, the Clan Mansion, and the Ministry of Criminal Affairs and the Ministry of Justice each have more than 500,000 (volumes). The above six Daquan records account for more than 80% of all Qing Dynasty archives in the collection. Other fonds range from hundreds of thousands (volumes) to dozens (volumes). The smallest file fond is Shangyu Reserve File, only one file. 3. File type. The Qing Dynasty was a feudal country with a centralized and authoritarian system. The imperial power was supreme, and the affairs of the country were all handled directly by the emperor. Therefore, the archives formed around the emperor's activities constitute the core of the national archives. There are as many as 100 languages, which can be roughly divided into five parts: One is the emperor's command documents (downstream): system, edict , Gao, edict, decree, decree, Zhuyu, Tingji, Jinbang, etc.; the second is the memorial report (upstream) of minister workers: title, memorial, table, note, submission, open book, manuscript, book article, pond Newspapers, revealing posts, yellow books, township association test records, telegrams, notes, etc.; the third is the exchange documents between various yamen and countries (parallel texts): consultation, report, transfer, transfer, notification, note, national letter , Treaties, contracts, letters, letters, films, lines, bows, knots, lists, etc.; the fourth is official historian records and official revision of historical records: personal notes, veritable records, hadiths, conventions, chronicles, strategies, chronicles, history books, etc.; The fifth is the archives of the royal family and the royal family: jade, Xingyuan Jiqing, yellow records, royal records, inventory, archives, etc. The precious Qing dynasty archives in the collection mainly include: "Records", "Hadiths", "Meetings", "Shangyu Archives", "Living Notes", Emperor Daoguang's Secret Storage Box, "The Complete Map of the Jinsha River", and "Treasure Book" ", "Golden List", "Hong Xiuquan's Edict", "Old Manchu Documents", etc. The "Memory of the World Project" initiated by UNESCO is aimed at protecting the world's cultural heritage, especially the documentary heritage that is on the verge of disappearing. The Manchu Secret Book and Qing Dynasty Jinbang in our collection were successfully selected into the Memory of the World Project in 1999 and 2005, and were listed in the Memory of the World Heritage List [4] .
References
Citations
Sources
First Historical Archives of China, Eugenio Menegon, Zhang Xianqing 2002.
External links
Archives in China
China
The subtropical doradito (Pseudocolopteryx acutipennis) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae. It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Paraguay, and Peru. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist shrubland and swamps.
References
subtropical doradito
Birds of the Andes
Birds of Argentina
Birds of Paraguay
subtropical doradito
subtropical doradito
subtropical doradito
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Wewak Urban LLG is a local-level government (LLG) of East Sepik Province, Papua New Guinea.
Wards 13 name list
83. Wewak Town
References
Local-level governments of East Sepik Province
KEOS (89.1 FM) is a listener-sponsored, commercial-free, non-profit community radio station serving the Brazos Valley in Bryan, Texas. The station, which has an all-volunteer staff, is affiliated with National Public Radio and Pacifica Radio.
Status
KEOS 89.1 FM is a Federal Communications Commission licensed non-commercial educational radio station which began broadcasting on March 25, 1995. The owner, Brazos Educational Radio, is a non-profit educational and cultural organization with 501(c)(3) tax-exempt status from the Internal Revenue Service. KEOS continues and is completely locally supported by listeners with pledges, donations, underwriting, and volunteering as well as The Arts Council of Brazos Valley.
History
On March 25, 1995, KEOS began broadcasting from 508A East 32nd Street in the former Tio Gordo Tortilla production plant. It was appropriately nicknamed the "Tio Gordo Studios" in homage to the building's former occupant.
In 2002, KEOS began broadcasting from 207 East Carson Street in a building formerly occupied by The Early Bird Shop. It was called "The Early Bird Studios."
On December 16, 2006, KEOS began broadcasting from its new home at 202 East Carson Street, formerly the home of KAGC Christian Family Radio. After selling KAGC, Bob & Judy Bell sold the building with its studios to KEOS. KEOS now broadcasts from the eponymous "Bob & Judy Bell Studios".
Programming
KEOS is a Pacifica Radio affiliate, providing programming such as World Cafe and Pacifica Network News in addition to a large quantity of local programming. KEOS offers musical, cultural, and informational programming. It provides a forum for alternative points of view on local, national, and international issues, with particular awareness to women, students, labor, minorities, and other public interest constituencies.
News and information from around the world include World Cafe, and Free Speech Radio News. KEOS features music from folk to rock, from bluegrass to Celtic, American Indian (Native American/First Peoples) to Music from India and the subcontinent, Cajun to Texas roots, blues to Tejano, Trip Hop, to Synth-pop, to EDM, to EBM, to House music.
See also
List of radio stations in Texas
List of community radio stations in the United States
References
External links
KEOS Lone Star Jam
Mayoral Candidates debate on KEOS Radio
NPR member stations
EOS
Community radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1995
1995 establishments in Texas
György Bródy (21 July 1908 in Budapest – 5 August 1967 in Johannesburg, South Africa) was a Hungarian water polo player.
Career
At the 1928 Summer Olympics they were a reserve player of the Hungarian water polo team, but did not compete in a match of the 1928 tournament.
They competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1932 they were part of the Hungarian team which won the gold medal. They played two matches as goalkeeper.
Four years later they won the gold medal again with the Hungarian team. At the Berlin Games they played six matches as goalkeeper.
Bródy was Jewish; they were one of a number of Jewish athletes who won medals at the Nazi Olympics in Berlin in 1936.
See also
Hungary men's Olympic water polo team records and statistics
List of Olympic champions in men's water polo
List of Olympic medalists in water polo (men)
List of men's Olympic water polo tournament goalkeepers
List of select Jewish water polo players
References
External links
1908 births
1967 deaths
Hungarian male water polo players
Water polo goalkeepers
Water polo players at the 1928 Summer Olympics
Water polo players at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Water polo players at the 1936 Summer Olympics
Olympic water polo players of Hungary
Olympic gold medalists for Hungary in water polo
Hungarian Jews
Olympic medalists in water polo
Medalists at the 1936 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Water polo players from Budapest
The 2021 FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup qualifiers for UEFA was a beach soccer tournament contested by European men's national teams who are members of UEFA that determined the four nations from Europe that qualified to the 2021 FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup in Russia.
The event, organised by Beach Soccer Worldwide (BSWW), took place in Nazaré, Portugal from 17–27 June 2021.
The tournament was a multi-stage competition, consisting of a first group stage, second group stage, knockout stage and placement matches.
Russia were the defending champions but did not enter this year's competition, having already qualified for the World Cup as hosts. The tournament was won by Spain, who, along with Ukraine, Portugal and Belarus earned qualification to the World Cup by finishing in the top four positions; Ukraine subsequently withdrew from the World Cup before it began and were replaced by Switzerland.
Format
The competition format was as follows:
The tournament started with a round-robin group stage; the lowest ranked ten teams entered at this point. Five nations, the group winners and best runners-up, advanced to the next round.
There was then a second round-robin group stage; the highest ranked 11 teams entered at this point. Plus the five qualifiers from the first group stage, a total of 16 teams competed during this round. The top two teams of each group (total of eight nations), advanced to the knockout stage.
The knockout stage began with the quarter-finals and ended with the final. The four winners of the quarter-final ties secured qualification to the World Cup; they also progressed to the semi-finals to continue to contest the tournament title.
The nations not advancing from the second group stage played in consolation matches to decide ninth through sixteenth place; the nations not advancing from the quarter-finals played in consolation matches to decide fifth through eighth place.
Teams
21 teams entered the competition:
Entered at the first group stage
1
Entered at the second group stage
Notes:
1. First appearance
Draw
The draws for both the first and second group stages took place at 12:00 CEST on 4 June, at Beach Soccer Worldwide's headquarters in Barcelona, Spain. It's procedure was as follows:
First group stage
The ten teams entering the first group stage were drawn into two groups of three and one group of four. Firstly, the three highest ranked teams were seeded and one each automatically assigned to the head of one of the groups. The remaining seven teams were split into two pots of three and one pot of one, with the highest ranked teams placed in Pot 1 through to the lowest ranked placed in Pot 3.
From Pot 1, the first team drawn out was placed into Group A, second into B and third into C; they were allocated to position 2 in their respective groups. The teams from Pot 2 were drawn in the same manner; they were allocated to position 3 in their respective groups. The solo team in Pot 3 was drawn alongside a lot from an additional pot containing three lots marked with one of the names of the three groups, to determine which group it would be randomly placed in; it was allocated to position 4 in that group.
The composition of the seeds and pots is shown below:
Second group stage
The sixteen teams competing in the second group stage were drawn into four groups of four. Firstly, the four highest ranked teams of the 11 entering at this stage were seeded and one each automatically assigned to the head of one of the groups. The remaining seven teams entering at this stage plus the then unknown best qualifier from the first group stage were split into two pots of four, with the highest ranked teams placed in Pot 1 and the lowest ranked placed in Pot 2.
From Pot 1, the first team drawn out was placed into Group A, second into B and so on; they were allocated to position 2 in their respective groups. The teams from Pot 2 were drawn in the same manner; they were allocated to position 3 in their respective groups.
The composition of the seeds and pots is shown below:
First group stage
Each team earns three points for a win in regulation time, two points for a win in extra time, one point for a win in a penalty shoot-out, and no points for a defeat.
All times are local, WEST (UTC+1). Kickoff times shown were those scheduled; actual times may have differed slightly.
Group A
Group B
Group C
Ranking of second-placed teams
Since Groups A and C consisted of just three teams, for the third placed team from Group B, their result against the team finishing in fourth place in their group was discounted for this ranking.
Second group stage
As per the regulations of the second group stage draw, the statistically the best qualifier from the first group stage was automatically allocated to position B3; this was Denmark.
The other four qualifiers (Estonia, Kazakhstan, Norway and Romania) were placed into the groups via a draw, made after the conclusion of the first group stage. All four teams were placed in one pot. The first team drawn out was placed into Group A, second into B and so on; they were allocated to position 4 in their respective groups. 20 June was allocated as a rest day.
Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
13th–16th place play-offs
The teams finishing in fourth place in the groups of the second group stage faced each other in consolation matches to determine 13th through 16th place in the final standings.
Semi-finals
15th place match
13th place match
9th–12th place play-offs
The teams finishing in third place in the groups of the second group stage faced each other in consolation matches to determine 9th through 12th place in the final standings.
Semi-finals
11th place match
9th place match
Knockout stage
June 24 is allocated as a rest day for the teams progressing to the knockout stage.
The draw for the quarter-finals was made on 19 June, before the second group stage commenced. Placeholders for the eight teams were split into two pots: Pot 1, containing placeholders for the group winners, and Pot 2, containing placeholders for the runners-up. For each tie, a team from Pot 1 was drawn against a team from Pot 2. The fixtures were allocated to the bracket from top to bottom in the order they were drawn.
Quarter-finals
Winners qualify for 2021 FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup.
Semi-finals
5th–8th place
1st–4th place
Finals
7th place match
5th place match
3rd place match
Final
Awards
Winners
Individual awards
The following awards were given at the conclusion of the tournament.
Final standings
Qualified teams to the FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup
The following five teams from UEFA qualify for the 2021 FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup.
1 Bold indicates champions for that year. Italic indicates hosts for that year.
Notes
References
External links
First group stage
Second group stage & onwards
European qualifiers for the 2021 World Cup, at BS Russia (in Russian)
2021 in Portuguese sport
Uefa
International association football competitions hosted by Portugal
2021
2021 in beach soccer
June 2021 sports events in Portugal
Rajendra Laxmi Gaire () is a Nepalese politician and party member of Communist Party of Nepal (Unified Marxist-Leninist).  They are also member of Rastriya Sabha and was elected from 2022 Nepalese National Assembly election.
References
External links
सदस्यहरु
Living people
Nepalese politicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
Feeling Good: The New Mood Therapy is a book written by David D. Burns, first published in 1980, that popularized cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT).
Origins
Feeling Good grew out of dissatisfaction with conventional Freudian treatment of depression. Burns's mentor, Aaron T. Beck (considered the "father" of cognitive therapy; Albert Ellis is considered the "grandfather"), concluded that there was no empirical evidence for the success of Freudian psychoanalysis in treating depressed people. The idea that negative feelings such as depression and anxiety are triggered by thoughts or perceptions has a long history, dating back to the Greek philosopher Epictetus, who said that people are disturbed not by things but by the way we think about them.
Popularity
The book has sold over four million copies in the United States, and has also been published in Argentina, Australia, Austria, Canada, China, France, Germany, India, Indonesia, Iran, Israel, Japan, Korea, Mexico, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Spain, Yugoslavia and many other countries. It was named one of the top ten behavioral science books of 1980 by the journal Behavioral Medicine, while according to The Authoritative Guide to Self-Help Books (New York: Guilford Press, 1994) it is the book most frequently recommended for depressed patients by mental health professionals in the United States. A commentary on Feeling Good is included in 50 Psychology Classics (2006) by Tom Butler-Bowdon.
Benefits of bibliotherapy
Evidence from six studies suggests that reading Feeling Good as a form of self-directed bibliotherapy had a large helpful effect on treating depression. Evidence from eleven studies supports bibliotherapy generally, when people also have additional guidance. The evidence was limited, because all trials completed only had a small number of participants.
One of these studies found that in older adults with mild to moderate depression, reading Feeling Good with brief intermittent phone check-in sessions was an effective treatment for depression.
In their text on Cognitive Therapy, Beck's daughter Judith S. Beck recommends it as a "layperson's book" to be used by patients undergoing CBT.
The Feeling Good Handbook
The Feeling Good Handbook, also by David D. Burns, includes an explanation of the principles of cognitive behavioral therapy, and details ways to improve a person's mood and life by identifying and eliminating common cognitive distortions, as well as methods to improve communication skills. Exercises are presented throughout the book to assist the reader in identifying cognitive distortions and replace them with healthy beliefs.
A revised edition was published in 1999 ().
Efficacy
The approach of using supported bibliotherapy on the topic of CBT was the subject of a randomised controlled trial, in which patients on a waiting list to receive counselling for depression were given a copy of a similar book (Overcoming Depression: A Five Areas Approach). The patients dramatically reduced their scores on depression tests compared to a control group.
In 2013, the book was one of 30 titles approved by The Reading Agency as part of a project to recommend self-help books to people with mental health issues.
References
1980 non-fiction books
Bibliotherapy
Books about depression
Health and wellness books
Popular psychology
Self-help books
William Morrow and Company books
Per Verner Vågan Rønning (born 9 January 1983) is a former Norwegian footballer. They have previously played for Kongsvinger, AIK, Bodø/Glimt, Rosenborg and Levanger.
Career
Rønning made their debut for AIK on 17 April against IFK Göteborg as a left wing-back. They gave an assist to goalscorer Miran Burgič who headed in the equalizer in the match. Rønning was injured most of the 2007 season. They only played in three Allsvenskan matches that season.
In January 2008 they transferred from AIK to Bodø/Glimt, and played there until they moved to Rosenborg the summer 2011. At winter 2015 Rønning was loaned back to their former club Levanger for the first half of the season. The move was made permanent in July.
Career statistics
References
External links
Profile at Bodø/Glimt club website
1983 births
Living people
People from Levanger
Norwegian footballers
Kongsvinger IL Toppfotball players
AIK Fotboll players
FK Bodø/Glimt players
Rosenborg BK players
Eliteserien players
Allsvenskan players
Norwegian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Sweden
Norwegian expatriate sportspeople in Sweden
Norwegian First Division players
Association football defenders
Sportspeople from Trøndelag
The men's decathlon event at the 1994 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Lisbon, Portugal, at Estádio Universitário de Lisboa on 20 and 21 July. Senior implements (106.7 cm (3'6) hurdles, 7257g shot, 2 kg discus) were used.
Medalists
Results
Final
20/21 July
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 28 athletes from 23 countries participated in the event.
References
Decathlon
Combined events at the World Athletics U20 Championships
Rodrigo Fernández de Castro (died after 1144), called the Bald (el Calvo), was a Castilian nobleman and soldier. One of the founders of the House of Castro, they were the second son of Fernando García de Hita and Tegridia (or Trigidia), sister or aunt of Count Rodrigo Martínez and relative of the Ansúrez family. Their paternal grandfather may have been García Ordóñez, who died at the battle of Uclés in 1108.
Military career
In April 1126 Rodrigo and their elder brother Gutierre made submission to the new king (later emperor), Alfonso VII, along with the rest of the Castilian nobility. Rodrigo served as the king's alférez the summer of 1130 until spring the next year. (His predecessor—Pedro Alfonso—is last recorded on 10 June 1130 and they were in office by 26 August, while the last record of them there is dated 15 May 1131 and their successor—Pedro Garcés—was in place by 29 May.) In June and July 1137 they and Gutierre participated in the royal expedition to Galicia, where Tuy was reconquered from the Portuguese and they visited Santiago de Compostela. Rodrigo subscribed royal charters of 26–27 June at Tuy and 17 July and 29 July at Santiago. In October they rejoined the royal court as it travelled through Castile. On 9 October they subscribed a royal charter at Burgos, on the 20th the court was on the Ebro and on 29 October they were at Nájera. Most of Rodrigo's subsequent military career took place on the southern frontier, in the Reconquista against the Almoravids.
In 1137 Rodrigo succeeded Count Rodrigo González de Lara as governor (alcaide) of Toledo. Shortly after this they raided the environs of Córdoba and defeated an army under Tashfin ibn Ali, the future sultan, at a place called Almont (perhaps Almonacid) on their return. According to the Chronicle of Emperor Alfonso, "the military experiences of Rodrigo González and Rodrigo Fernández against the Moors were indeed great, but they have not been described in this book." In 1138 Rodrigo Fernández joined King Alfonso and Count Rodrigo Martínez in a plundering expedition along the river Guadalquivir, which brought back a host of slaves. They were present at the unsuccessful siege of Coria in July, where Rodrigo Martínez was killed in action. In April 1139 Rodrigo and their brother were ordered to besiege Oreja with their own knights assisted by the local cavalry and infantry units of the frontier towns. By 25 July the king had taken command of the siege, which they brought to a successful conclusion in October. Rodrigo was probably present with the royal court throughout, following Alfonso on detours to Toledo on 14 August and 26 October. In 1142, according to the Anales toledanos, they raided a town called Silvia in the Algarve and brought back 10,000 captives.
On 22 February 1140 Rodrigo and Gutierre were at Carrión de los Condes to witness the treaty between Alfonso VII and Count Raymond Berengar IV of Barcelona. In 1142 they were the royal tenente holding the town of Ávila in fief from the crown.  They are last recorded at court in 1144 and disappears from the record after that. They were dead by 1148, when their widow married Count Ramiro Fróilaz.
Marriage and children
According to the 14th-century genealogist Pedro de Barcelos, Rodrigo had a daughter, Aldonza Ruiz de Castro, who married Lope Díaz de Haro. According to the modern genealogist Luis de Salazar y Castro, Aldonza was the daughter of Rodrigo and Elo Martínez Osorio. These genealogies are false. Rodrigo's wife was Elo (also spelled Eilo or Eylo) Álvarez, daughter of Álvar Fáñez, and they had no daughter named Aldonza, according to near-contemporary historian Rodrigo Jiménez de Rada. Rodrigo and Elo had at least five sons and one daughter. The eldest son, Fernando, "the Castilian", became the leader of the House of Castro after the death of their uncle Gutierre.
Two of Rodrigo's children married children of Rodrigo Muñoz de Guzmán. Their daughter Sancha married Álvaro Rodríguez de Guzmán, tenente of Mansilla, and their son Pedro married Urraca Rodríguez de Guzmán. A third son, Álvaro, became the majordomo of King Ferdinand II of León. A younger son, Gutierre el Escalabrado ("the head-wounded"), married Elvira Osorio.
Notes
Sources
12th-century nobility from León and Castile
House of Castro
Lowly Worm is a fictional character created by Richard Scarry; they frequently appear in children's books by Scarry, and is a main character in the animated series The Busy World of Richard Scarry and Busytown Mysteries. In The Busy World of Richard Scarry, they are voiced by Keith Knight. In Busytown Mysteries, they are voiced by one Paul Wensley.
Lowly is an anthropomorphic annelid-like creature without segmentation. They usually wear a dark green Tyrolean hat on their head, similar to the hat which Richard Scarry purchased in St. Anton in 1950 and often wore during visits to their publishers in New York City. Lowly also wears a shoe on the end of their tail, a blue and green tube on their body (intended to resemble a sleeveless shirt and one-legged trousers) over a singular "underpant" that covers their clitellum, and a red bow tie. Their best friend is Huckle Cat, they live in Busytown, and they drive an apple-shaped car. In various episodes of The Busy World of Richard Scarry and Busytown Mysteries and in the computer games Richard Scarry's Busytown and How Things Work in Busytown it is revealed that the car can also fly much like a helicopter.
Lowly attends school with Huckle and plays with them and their friends, but also takes part in more adult activities, such as driving a car. Hilda Hippo also has a crush on him, which they are reluctant to return, although they do consider Hilda a good friend.
A Variety reviewer of The Busy World of Richard Scarry describes Lowly as "the real star of the series, with their goofily deprecating name and natty ensemble that includes a bow tie and single sneaker". According to Scarry's widow, Lowly was their favorite fictional creation.
About 500,000 Lowly Worms and Huckle Cat finger puppets, distributed by American fast food chain Taco Bell in 1993, were voluntarily recalled by Taco Bell following complaints that the puppets had become stuck to children's tongues.
References
Fictional worms
Television sidekicks
Characters in children's literature
Hevad Khan (born January 25, 1985) is an American professional poker player, best known for making the final table at the 2007 World Series of Poker Main Event, where they finished in sixth place.
Competitive Gaming
Khan began on the competitive StarCraft: Brood War at the age of 13. Other StarCraft professionals include fellow Team PokerStars member Bertrand Grospellier. Khan is also known within the Marvel vs Capcom 2 community.
Poker
Khan's nickname "RaiNKhaN" was adapted, along with their last name, from the Mortal Kombat character "Rain," who serves as an assassin for Shao Kahn in the series. Khan dropped out from SUNY Albany in order to concentrate on playing poker professionally. Khan is known to multi-table many online tournaments, so much so that they had a friend of their film them for a YouTube video in which they played 26 sit-and-go tournaments simultaneously on a single computer monitor to prove that they aren't a Pokerbot. On March 23, 2008, Khan won the PokerStars Sunday Warm-up, a weekly $215 buy-in tournament in which they outlasted a field of 2,504 players in more than nine hours of play, earning $97,856.
At the 2007 World Series of Poker Main Event, Khan finished in sixth place, earning $956,243. They also finished in the money during two other WSOP events. For the 2008 World Series of Poker a new rule was put into effect, known colloquially as the "Hevad Khan Rule". The rule, which disallows boisterous celebrations from any player, was drafted as a response to the perceived over-the-top actions Khan employed during the 2007 Series when they won a hand.
At the 2008 Foxwoods Poker Classic, Khan won the $1,850 No Limit Hold'em event, earning $108,187, after defeating 2006 World Series of Poker third place finalist Michael Binger during heads-up play. At the 2008 Caesars Palace Classic, Khan won the $10,000 No Limit Hold'em Championship event, earning the $1,000,000 first place prize, their largest win to date. As of 2008, their total live tournament winnings exceed $2,500,000. Their seven cashes at the WSOP account for $1,046,701 of those winnings.
Notes
External links
PokerListings.com - Interview
PokerStarsBlog.com - Interview
LiquidPoker.net Interview
1985 births
American people of Afghan descent
American poker players
Living people
Sportspeople from Poughkeepsie, New York
Paul Sanchez is a New Orleans-born and based American guitarist and a singer-songwriter. Sanchez was a founding member of the New Orleans band Cowboy Mouth. They were a guitarist and one of the primary singers and songwriters for the band from 1990 to 2006. Sanchez's songs have appeared in films and on television and have been performed by various artists such as Darius Rucker, Irma Thomas, Michael Cerveris, Susan Cowsill, Kevin Griffin and The Eli Young Band, Hootie and the Blowfish, John Boutté, Shamarr Allen, Glen Andrews and Kim Carson.
Life and career
Sanchez was born on the River Road along the levee of the Mississippi River. They grew up in New Orleans' blue-collar Irish Channel neighborhood, which is a historic home to stevedores and river pilots. Sanchez is a songwriter, musician, singer, producer, writer and actor. In January 2010, Off Beat Magazine gave Paul three Best of the Beat Awards; Songwriter of The Year, Best Song of the Year, and Best Folk/Rock Album for Stew Called New Orleans, which was their duet record with friend and collaborator John Boutté. In April of that same year, Gambit Weekly awarded them Best Roots Rock Performer at The Big Easy Awards.
Their first musical endeavor was in the New Orleans band The Backbeats. Along with them was Vance DeGeneres, Steve Walters, and a drummer named Fred LeBlanc, who they would encounter later on.
In the late 1980s, Sanchez was playing in anti-folk genre, during their stint in New York. There they befriended artists Brenda Kahn, John S. Hall and Roger Manning.
They have released 11 CDs as a solo artist, while also releasing 11 CDs as a founding member of the New Orleans rock band Cowboy Mouth. They left the "Mouth" in 2006, just after a flood had upended the city of New Orleans. Sanchez was on tour with the Mouth when Hurricane Katrina ravaged the gulf. After that, they stayed on tour and wrote a post-Katrina tribute, "Home", which was featured in the Starz documentary New Orleans Music in Exile.
In 2008, Sanchez released the rewritten version of their first solo release Jet Black & Jealous. The Eli Young Band made the song title their major label debut on Universal/Republic. Jet Black & Jealous made its debut at number 5 on the Billboard Country Album Charts in September 2008. In 2009, they published a book of essays entitled Pieces Of Me, which deals with such things as the sense of life, loss, and rebuilding after the flood.
Primarily a songwriter, Paul has written songs with and for John Boutté, Shamarr Allen, Darius Rucker of Hootie and The Blowfish, Galactic, Glen David Andrews, Irma Thomas, Matt Perrine, Tony Award Winning actor Michael Cerveris, Vance DeGeneres, Susan Cowsill, Debbie Davis, Arsene DeLay, John Thomas Griffith, John Rankin, Kevin Griffin of Better Than Ezra, The Eli Young Band, Caleb Guillotte of Dead-Eye Dick and many more.
For the last few years, Sanchez has been writing, recording and performing a musical adaptation of New York Times Best Seller Nine Lives. Nine Lives has been performed in New York City at Symphony Space, Washington DC at Sixth & I, Los Angeles at Fais Do-Do and New Orleans at Le Petite Theater, The CAC, The Ellis Marsalis Center, and Tulane University's Dixon Hall.
They have appeared on the HBO series Treme as himself.
Discography
Cowboy Mouth studio albums
Word of Mouth · 1992
It Means Escape · 1994
Are You With Me? · 1996
Word of Mouth (Remix1) · 1996
Mercyland · 1998
Easy · 2000
Uh Oh · 2003
Voodoo Shoppe · 2006
Cowboy Mouth live albums and EPs
Mouthin' Off (Live & More) · 1993
Mouthin' Off (Live & More) (Remastered) · 1997
Cowboy Mouth LIVE! (limited edition 5-song EP issued with Mercyland) · 1998
Live in the X Lounge "Jenny Says" · 1998
All You Need Is Live · 2000
Live in the X Lounge "Easy" · 2000 & 2001
Uh Oh (5-song Preview EP) · 2003
Live at the Zoo · 2004
Solo albums
Life Is a Ride 2017
Magus Insipiens: 3 Song Cycles on Poems by Taliesin, Payne, and Sapho 2016, with Kayleen Sanchez
Heart Renovations 2016
Everything That Ends Begins Again 2014
Reclamation Of The Pie-Eyed Piper 2012, Paul Sanchez and the Rolling Road Show
Nine Lives – A Musical Story of New Orleans (The Complete Set) 2012
Nine Lives – A Musical Story of New Orleans (Volume One) 2011
Red Beans and Ricely Yours 2010
Bridging the Gap 2010, Shamarr Allen & Paul Sanchez
Farewell To Storyville 2009
Stew Called New Orleans 2009
Exit to Mystery Street 2008, produced by Dave Pirner, (Soul Asylum). Featuring guest appearances by Ivan Neville, Shamarr Allen, Susan Cowsill, James Andrews, Fredy Omar, & Craig Klein
Washed Away 2007, a compilation of songs from their first 6 recordings, all lost in the levee failure in New Orleans
Between Friends 2007, featuring guest appearances by Darius Rucker, John Boutte', Theresa Anderson, Jim Sonefeld, & Susan Cowsill.
Hurricane Party 2000, produced by Tim Sommer. Featuring guest appearances by Susan Cowsill, Vicki Peterson of The Bangles, Peter Holsapple, & John Boutte'
Live at Carrollton Station 1999, produced by Mike Mayeux
Sonoma Valley 1998, produced by Mike Mayeux. Guest appearances by Susan Cowsill, John Boutte' & John Thomas Griffith
Loose Parts 1997, produced by Peter Holsapple. Guest appearance by Susan Cowsill
Wasted Lives & Bluegrass 1995
Jet Black and Jealous 1993, recorded by Roger Manning
Awards and recognition
References
External links
Paul Sanchez official website
Cowboy Mouth members
Living people
American male singer-songwriters
Musicians from New Orleans
American rock singers
American alternative rock musicians
American rock guitarists
American male guitarists
Louisiana Isleño people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Singer-songwriters from Louisiana
Guitarists from Louisiana
WAP four-disulfide core domain 15A is a protein that in the mouse is encoded by the Wfdc15a gene.
References
Mouse proteins
Holothuria stellati, also known as the brown sea cucumber,is a species of sea cucumber in the family Holothuriidae. First described by Delle Chiaje in 1824. There are two accepted subspecies, Holothuria stellati dakarensis and Holothuria stellati mammata, though there is still debate on whether or not they are separate species.
Description
Holothuria stellati grows up to 12.9 cm, rarely reaching 20 cm. Their body is a light to dark brown color with a few darker spots, and cylindrical in shape. Their bodies are hard on the outside, due to their calcareous endoskeleton. Their dorsal side forms a round bivium, with 2 rows of large, pointed papillae, and their ventral side forms a flat trivium, with 3 rows of podia with ossicles. They use these podia for locomotion as well as feeding, by pushing sand into their mouths (11). Holothuria stellati has smaller ossicles than other species within its genus, with the tables ranging from 31 to 52µm in diameter, spires from 21 to 42µm tall, and buttons 31 to 42µm long. The mouth and anus are located on opposite terminal ends of the body.
Distribution
H. stellati lives on both soft and rocky sandy substrates in tropical climates. They reside exclusively in the neritic zones of the benthos of the Mediterranean Sea and Adriatic Sea, near Western Italy, Monaco, Tunisia, Turkey, and Algeria (2). There have been reports of H. stellati appearing in the Canary Islands and Croatia, but it has yet to be confirmed.
Life cycle
H. stellati are separated into male and female sexes. Like most sea cucumbers, the females release the eggs into the water to be fertilized by a nearby male. Fertilization occurs externally. Before becoming full sea cucumbers, H. stellati goes through 2 larval stages. The first stage is auricularia, in which H. stellati is a planktonic larva. In the second stage, they become barrel shaped, transforming into doliolaria. Though several species of sea cucumbers are known to be able to fissure and reproduce asexually, there has been no documented research showing H. stellati has the ability to do so.
Diet
Not much is known about the exact diet of H. Stellati. They are found to be omnivores, feeding on plankton, algae, and nearby floating detritus. Like other species of sea cucumbers, they perform both suspension feeding and deposit feeding, sifting large amounts of sediment or water through their mouths and secreting out of their anus.
Parasites
H. stellati are hosts and prey to multiple species of copepod parasites, including Alantogynous dellamarei, Calpysina changeuxi, and Tisbe holothuriae.
Conservation
H. stellati is a not very well studied species, with very limited information on its population and distribution. However, it is an increasing target of fisheries, more specifically in Algeria and Turkey. Additionally, in a study done in 2009 by Graham and Thompson, it was found that sea cucumbers selectively ingest fragments of plastic they come across in the sediment, which may be dangerous to these benthic organisms. These issues make conservation efforts and more studies all the more important, as they may be overfished or having their habitats harmed.
References
Holothuriidae
Fauna of the Mediterranean Sea
Animals described in 1824
Taxa named by Stefano delle Chiaje
John Johnson House may refer to:
John Johnson House (Leighton, Alabama), listed on the NRHP in Colbert County, Alabama
John G. Johnson (Rintakangas) Homestead, Lake Fork, Idaho, listed on the NRHP in Valley County, Idaho
John S. Johnson (Sampila) Homestead, Lake Fork, Idaho, listed on the NRHP in Valley County, Idaho
John and Edward Johnson Three-Decker, Worcester, Massachusetts, listed on the NRHP in Massachusetts
John Johnson Three-Decker, Worcester, Massachusetts, listed on the NRHP in Massachusetts
John B. Johnson House, Osakis, Minnesota, listed on the NRHP in Douglas County, Minnesota
John A. Johnson House, St. Peter, Minnesota, listed on the NRHP in Nicollet County, Minnesota
John Johnson Farm, Hiram, Ohio, listed on the NRHP in Ohio
John Hiram Johnson House, Saluda, North Carolina, listed on the NRHP in Polk County, North Carolina
John Johnson House (Philadelphia, Pennsylvania), a U.S. National Historic Landmark and NRHP-listed
John Johnson House (McKinney, Texas), listed on the NRHP in Collin County, Texas
John A. and Annie C. Olsen Johnson House, Sandy, Utah, listed on the NRHP in Salt Lake County, Utah
John Johnson Saloon, Eau Claire, Wisconsin, listed on the NRHP in Eau Claire County, Wisconsin
See also
Johnson House (disambiguation)
Dynoides serratisinus is a species of isopod in the family Sphaeromatidae.
References
serratisinus
Zamostek (, Zamistok) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzków, within Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Krasnystaw and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Zamostek
George Leonardos (; born 1937) is a Greek author of historical novels.
Early life
Son of Anastase and Maria, Leonardos was born in Alexandria, Egypt on 20 February 1937. Their father died when they were two years old and they lived with their mother in Alexandria until 1954. They were an avid reader of fiction and history, and as a high school student in Alexandria had their short stories published in Tachydromos and Anatoli, the Greek daily newspapers of the city. In 1954 they moved to Greece to study physics at the Aristotle University of Thessaloniki.
Career
After their graduation, they studied journalism and began to work as a journalist. They worked as a reporter for Athens newspapers Apogevmatini, Eleftherotypia, Mesimvrini, Eleftheros Typos, Ethnos and as a columnist in the financial paper Kerdos. They were the first correspondent of the Athens News Agency in Belgrade in 1964, and later in New York City in 1976, where they were also appointed director of the local Greek newspaper Ethnicos Kirikas. They have also worked as a newscaster in Greek Radio and Television, and has reported on the Vietnam War and the Persian Gulf war.
Leonardos is a member of the Athens Association of Daily Press Editors and the National Society of Greek Writers. Their first novel, Grandma's Red Sofa, was published in 1992. They were twice awarded the prize for best historical novel by the Greek Society of Christian Studies for their novels Mara, the Christian Sultana and Sleeping Beauty of Mystra. They were awarded a Botsis Foundation prize for their services to journalism and literature.
In 2008 they were awarded with the Greek State Prize for their historical trilogy The Palaeologian Dynasty. The Rise and Fall of Byzantium and specially for the third historical novel of the mentioned trilogy "The Last Palaeologue".
In 1980 they published the English-Greek Dictionary of Scientific and Military Terms, and in 2000 they published The Structure of the Novel. Their latest historical novel is Sophia Paleologue Palaelogina – From Byzantium to Russia.
Works
Novels
Grandmam's red sofa, 1992
The house over the catacombs, 1993
Eva, 1994
The magnet poles, 1995
Earth's lovers, 1996
A song from the soul, 1997
Historical novels
Barbarossa the Pirate, 1998
Mara, the Christian Sultana, 1999
Maria Magdalene, 2001
Sleeping Beauty of Mystra, 2002
Michael VIII Palaeologue, 2004
The Palaeologues, 2006
The last Palaeologue, 2007.
Sophia Paleologue – From Byzantium to Russia, 2008
Magellan,2009
Thule 2010
The Alexandria Rhapsody 2011
The Last Sip of Wine 2013
Islands Forgotten by the Time - Don Teodoro Griego, 2014
Justinian ii;-The slit-nosed, 2016
The Sarantapichena;- The story of Irene the Athenian, 2016
References
National Book Center of Greece
TO VIMA
TA NEA
Award of Botsis Foundation
Who's Who (1979) p. 363
Who's Who Metron (1995) p. 452
European Who's Who (2002–2003) p. 1047
External links
George Leonardos' official website
Living people
Egyptian emigrants to Greece
Greek historical novelists
Writers of historical fiction set in the Middle Ages
1937 births
Writers from Alexandria
Maritime writers
Egyptian people of Greek descent
Bashnij (, also Romanized as Bashnīj; also known as Bashnījābād) is a village in Mazul Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 693, in 184 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Zapotal District is a district and village in the canton of Nandayure, Guanacaste Province in Costa Rica.
Located on the Nicoya Peninsula, the district has a population of around 1,250 people.
Villages
Administrative center of the district is the village of Zapotal.
Other villages in the district are Altos de Mora, Cabeceras de Río Ora, Camaronal, Carmen, Cuesta Bijagua, Leona, Manzanales, Río Blanco Este, Río de Oro, Río Ora, San Martín, San Pedro and Soledad.
References
Populated places in Guanacaste Province
Districts of Costa Rica
Colin Lindsay, 3rd Earl of Balcarres (1652–1722) was a Scottish aristocrat and politician, one of the most important supporters of James II of England.
Biography
Early life
Colin Lindsay was baptized at Kilconquhar on 23 August 1652, the second surviving son of Alexander Lindsay, first Earl of Balcarres by their wife, Lady Anna Mackenzie, daughter and coheiress of Colin Mackenzie, 1st Earl of Seaforth.
They succeeded to the earldom, while still a child, on the death at the age of twelve, of their brother Charles, second earl, 15 Oct. 1662. In 1670 at the age of sixteen, they were presented at court by their cousin the Duke of Lauderdale, when Charles II, partly because they conceived a liking for them personally, and partly in recognition of their father's services, gave them command of a select cavalry troop manned by gentlemen in reduced circumstances. Not long afterwards they were married to Mademoiselle Mauritiade Nassau, sister of Lady Arlington and the Countess of Nassau, and daughter of Louis de Nassau, count of Beverwaert and Auverquerque in the Dutch Republic; but at the ceremony they reportedly placed a mourning instead of a wedding ring on the finger of the bride.  They are said to have taken the evil omen to heart and they died within a year. After their death they went to sea with the Duke of York (the future James II of England), under whom they distinguished themselves at the battle of Solebay, 28 May 1672.
Second marriage and public offices
In 1673 they married Lady Jean Carnegie, the eldest daughter of David Carnegie, 2nd Earl of Northesk, and thereby incurring the king's displeasure, was forbidden to appear at court. Retiring to the country they occupied their leisure in study. On the death of their wife, six years afterwards, they were permitted to return to court, and on 3 June 1680 was made a privy-councillor and in 1682 sheriffs of Fife.
Along with Claverhouse they took active measures against the covenanters in Fife, and in January 1686 obtained a commission to hold with them a justiciary court for their trial.
Reign of James II and after
After the accession of James II Balcarres was, on 3 September 1686, appointed a commissioner of the treasury, and in 1688 was made Lord Lieutenant of Fife. So much was they trusted by the king, that when the scheme for the descent of the Prince of Orange became known, the chancellor, Lord Perth, was ordered to rely on their advice and that of the Earl of Cromarty in the measures to be adopted for the defence of Scotland. Lord Melfort, secretary of state, however, who was jealous of Balcarres's influence, rejected their suggested plan of defence as too expensive, and it was determined instead to send the forces then available in Scotland southwards. Balcarres, meanwhile, was sent by the Scottish privy council to England to receive further instructions, and succeeded in reaching London.
After the king's return from Faversham, Balcarres, along with Dundee, waited on them on the morning of 17 November in their bedroom at Whitehall. At the request of the king they accompanied them on a walk in the Mall, when, having expressed their final determination to leave the country, they stated that on their arrival in France they would send Balcarres a commission to manage their civil affairs, and Dundee one to command the troops in Scotland.
After the flight of the king Balcarres waited on the Prince of Orange, to whom they were previously known through their first wife, the prince's cousin. While expressing their respect for the prince, Balcarres declined to act against the king, whereupon the prince warned them of the danger they ran if they transgressed the law. Along with Dundee, Balcarres was permitted to return to Scotland, and they arrived in Edinburgh about the end of February 1689.
The Duke of Gordon was already negotiating the surrender of the castle, when Balcarres and Dundee waited on him, and persuaded them to hold out till they saw what the Convention of Estates intended to do. On the capture of a messenger from Ireland with letters to Balcarres from the king, Balcarres was seized and confined in their own lodging. Their request for permission to live in England was refused, and on account of further compromising letters sent to them by Melfort, they were confined for four months in the common gaol of Edinburgh. Soon after their release they became connected with the Montgomery plot for James's restoration, and on its discovery in 1690 they left the country.
In exile
They landed at Hamburg, and while journeying to the Dutch Republic, through Flanders, was seized by a party of banditti, who, however, agreed to free them on payment of a hundred pistoles, which they succeeded in obtaining from the jesuits at the Catholic college of Douay. They proceeded to St. Germains, where they were well received by James, to whom they presented their Memoirs touching the Revolution. On account of the misrepresentations of Melfort and others, he, however, found it necessary, after six months at St. Germains, to leave the court, and went to the south of France. Thence they sent an expostulatory letter to James. Ultimately the exiled king invited them to return; but they deemed acceptance of the invitation injudicious while the old favourites were in power, and after a year's sojourn in France finally settled with their family at Utrecht. Here they made the acquaintance of Pierre Bayle, Leclerc, and other learned men.
Return to Scotland
Ultimately, through the interposition of William Carstares and the Duke of Queensberry, who wrote of them pityingly, as an 'instance of the folly of Jacobitism', they were permitted towards the close of 1700 to return to Scotland.
They were now in greatly impoverished circumstances, and although the Duke of Marlborough, an old friend and companion, obtained for them a rent-charge of £500 a year for ten years upon the crown lands of Orkney, they were compelled by their necessities, before the ten years expired, to sell their rights there.
In their extremity they wrote to Queen Anne, asking for the restoration of their pension of £1000 a year, of which they had been deprived at the revolution, and in all probability some allowance was made him.
They were appointed a privy councillor in April 1706, and supported the union with England in 1707. But in 1715 they were unable to resist the invitation to join the Jacobite prince's standard, and they were one of the most zealous of their supporters. On the collapse of the rebellion, it was arranged, owing to the friendly interposition of Argyll and Marlborough, that on their surrendering they should be sent to their own house at Balcarres. They remained a prisoner there under the charge of one dragoon till the indemnity.
They spent the remainder of their life in retirement there, finding a solace for their misfortunes in their love of art and letters. They had latterly so recovered their pecuniary position as to be able to purchase several good pictures by the Dutch masters and others, to add considerably to their library, and also to found the village which they named after themselves Colinsburgh. They died at Balcarres in 1722, and was buried there in the private chapel of the family.
Character
John Macky describes them in 1700 as 'a gentleman of very good natural parts,' with 'abundance of application, handsome in their person, very fair, and towards fifty years old.' Circumstances were adverse to the useful employment of their undoubted abilities, but had the folly and infatuation of James II been less, they might have been successful with Dundee in retrieving the Jacobite cause. Their 'Memoirs touching the Revolution in Scotland,' published originally in 1714, reprinted 1754, and again, more correctly by the Bannatyne Club, in 1841, are invaluable as a narrative of the proceedings and negotiations of the supporters of the king in 1688–90.
Issue and succession
By their second wife, Lady Jean Carnegie, Balcarres had a daughter Anne, married to Alexander, Earl of Kellie, and afterwards to James Seton, 3rd Viscount of Kingston.
By their third wife, Lady Jean Ker, only daughter of The Earl of Roxburghe, they had a son Colin, Lord Cumberland, master of Balcarres, who died unmarried in 1708, and a daughter Margaret, who married John, Earl of Wigton.
By their fourth wife, Lady Margaret, the eldest daughter of James Campbell, 2nd Earl of Loudoun, they had seven children, of whom four survived them - two sons, Alexander, and James, and two daughters, Eleanor, married to the Hon. James Fraser of Lonmay, Aberdeenshire, third son of William Fraser, 12th Lord Saltoun, and Elizabeth, who died unmarried.
Works
An account of the affairs of Scotland, relating to the revolution of 1688, 1714. Reprinted 1754. Republished 1841 as Memoirs touching the revolution in Scotland, Bannatyne Club
Notes
Attribution
References
Lord Lindsay, Lives of the Lindsays
Preface by Lord Lindsay to Balcarres, Memoirs (Bannatyne Club)
Napier, Memorials of Viscount Dundee
W. A. Lindsay, Lindsay Pedigree, in the College of Arms
Sir Robert Douglas's Scottish Peerage (John Philip Wood), i 169–71.]
Paul Hopkins, ‘Lindsay, Colin, third earl of Balcarres (1652–1721)', Oxford Dictionary of National Biography, Oxford University Press, Sept 2004; online edn, Jan 2007, accessed 26 Oct 2008
External links
1652 births
1722 deaths
Colin
Colin
Commissioners of the Treasury of Scotland
Members of the Convention of the Estates of Scotland 1689
Man from Reno may refer to:
"Man from Reno" (song), a 1993 song by Goran Bregović and Scott Walker for the French film Toxic Affair
Man from Reno (film), a 2014 American film directed by Dave Boyle
Alfred Ian Watt was an Anglican priest in the second half of the 20th century.
They were born in 1934, trained at Edinburgh Theological College and was ordained in 1960. Initially a curate at St Paul's Cathedral, Dundee, they were then Rector of Arbroath before becoming Provost of St Ninian's Cathedral, Perth in 1969. After 13 years in post they became Rector of St Paul's Kinross before their appointment as Dean of St Andrews, Dunkeld and Dunblane. They retired in 1998.
References
1934 births
Provosts of St Ninian's Cathedral, Perth
Deans of St Andrews, Dunkeld and Dunblane
Living people
Matthew Quick (born October 23, 1973) is an American writer of adult and young adult fiction. Their debut novel, The Silver Linings Playbook, became a New York Times bestseller and was adapted as a movie of the same name starring Bradley Cooper and Jennifer Lawrence, with Robert De Niro, Jacki Weaver, and Chris Tucker.
Quick was a finalist for a 2009 PEN/Hemingway Award, and their work has been translated into several languages. In 2012, their young-adult novel, Boy 21, was reviewed favorably by The New York Times.
Quick was a finalist for the TIME 100 most influential people of 2013.
Personal life
Quick grew up in Oaklyn, New Jersey and graduated from Collingswood High School. They have a degree in English literature and secondary education from La Salle University and an MFA from Goddard College. Quick taught high school literature in southern New Jersey for several years, before leaving their job as a tenured English teacher in Haddonfield, New Jersey to write their first novel while living in Collingswood. Quick lived in Massachusetts for several years; they and their wife, novelist and pianist Alicia Bessette, now live on the Outer Banks of North Carolina. They received an Honorary Doctorate of Humane Letters from La Salle in 2013.
Works
Source: Fiction Database
The Silver Linings Playbook (2008) ,
Sorta Like a Rockstar (2010) – YA ,
Boy21 (2012) – YA ,
Forgive Me, Leonard Peacock (2013) – YA
The Good Luck of Right Now (2014)
Love May Fail (2015) ,
Every Exquisite Thing (2016) – YA
The Reason You're Alive (2017)
Film adaptations
Silver Linings Playbook (2012)
All Together Now (2020)
References
External links
Review, The Good Luck of Right Now
1973 births
Living people
21st-century American novelists
American young adult novelists
Collingswood High School alumni
Goddard College alumni
La Salle University alumni
People from Collingswood, New Jersey
Writers from Camden, New Jersey
American male novelists
People from Oaklyn, New Jersey
21st-century American male writers
Novelists from New Jersey
Jonathan Richard Davies (born 9 March 1976) is a former English cricketer. Davies was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm medium pace. They were born in Burnley, Lancashire.
Davies made their debut for Lincolnshire in the 2000 MCCA Knockout Trophy against the Derbyshire Cricket Board. Davies played Minor counties cricket for Lincolnshire from 2000 to 2005, which included 17 Minor Counties Championship matches and 10 MCCA Knockout Trophy matches. They made their List A debut against Cheshire in the 2nd round of the 2003 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy which was played in 2002. They played 3 further List A match for Lincolnshire, the last coming against Glamorgan in the 2004 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy. In their 4 matches, they took 7 wickets at an average of 25.28, with best figures of 3/40.
References
External links
Jonathan Davies at ESPNcricinfo
Jonathan Davies at CricketArchive
1976 births
Living people
Cricketers from Burnley
English cricketers
Lincolnshire cricketers
Caer Drewyn is an early Iron Age hillfort to the north of the town of Corwen, Denbighshire (Grid reference ). It has a large stone rampart with entrances on the west and north sides; there is a guard chamber within the north-east entrance, and it has a deep defensive ditch.
The site
Caer Drewyn is the most southerly hillfort in the Clwydian Range and Dee Valley Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty. It is situated on the spur of a hill between Llangollen and Corwen, just above the confluence of the River Dee and the River Alwen. The earliest structure was a small enclosure built against a natural rock outcrop. Today this structure is only visible as the remains of a grass-covered bank. A later, larger fortress was surrounded by a dry-stone wall, and does not have the earthen ramparts of other local hillforts. The area of the site is about three hectares. There are two in-turned entrances, one at the highest point, with the possible remains of a guardhouse beside it, and the other on the west side adjoining the remains of a rectangular building. There is a further enclosure outside that contains stone foundations of what may have been a hut platform.
History
Caer Drewyn is an Iron Age fort dating back to about 500 BC, however it was in use as a defensive position long after this. Legend states that Owain Gwynedd occupied it while Henry II of England was invading Gwynedd in 1165 via a southerly route, and Owain Glyndŵr is believed to have gathered their troops here in 1400 after their followers proclaimed them Prince of Wales. The Welsh antiquarian Edward Lhuyd mentioned Caer Drewyn in the late seventeenth century as "a place where they kept their cattle in war time".
See also
List of hillforts in Wales
References
Hillforts in Denbighshire
Corwen
Eilif Armand (18 March 1921 – 28 November 1993) was a Norwegian actor.
They were born in Bergen to business person Sverre Andreassen and Maggi Sørensen, and was the father of actores Frøydis Armand, Gisken Armand and Merete Armand. They made their stage debut at Den Nationale Scene in 1946, as "Jesus" in Nordahl Grieg's play Barabbas. They were assigned with Den Nationale Scene from 1948 to 1956, with Rogaland Teater from 1956 to 1958, with Nationaltheatret from 1958 to 1975, and again with Den Nationale Scene from 1975. Their film appearances included Marikens bryllup (1972) and Kjærleikens ferjereiser (1979). They published the poetry collection Ingen blir klok av skade in 1951, and contributed as literary critic for the newspapers Friheten and Bergens Tidende.
References
1921 births
1993 deaths
Actors from Bergen
20th-century Norwegian male actors
Norwegian male stage actors
Norwegian male film actors
Thomas Kent (died 1561) was the Archdeacon of Totnes. According to one source they held the post during 1549. This Thomas Kent has been tentatively identified with the Thomas Kent of the period who was canon of Christ Church, Oxford, and who died in 1561–2. That Thomas Kent was also rector of Marsh Gibbon from 1546. The cc'ed database makes Thomas Kent archdeacon of Totnes only in 1562; being rector of Tedburn St Mary and Holsworthy.
References
Archdeacons of Totnes
1561 deaths
Year of birth unknown
Beka Bitsadze (born March 24, 1991) is a Georgian rugby union number 8 playing for Niort. They have played for the Georgia national team twenty times.
Biography
Bitsadze was born in Tbilisi and played for the youth Rugby Club Iveria under Mikheil Chachua before moving up to play in the Georgia Championship for RC Army Tbilisi (2010-2014), then in the National League for FC Locomotive Tbilisi (2014-2015).
External links
It's Rugby France bio
All Rugby bio
References
1991 births
Living people
Rugby union players from Georgia (country)
Rugby union number eights
Georgia international rugby union players
Douglas Felipe Moreira Cobo (born March 19, 1987), more commonly known as Douglas Cobo, is a Brazilian professional footballer, currently playing for Songkhla in the Thai League 3
External links
1987 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Association football central defenders
Douglas Cobo
Douglas Cobo
Douglas Cobo
Douglas Cobo
Floriana F.C. players
Douglas Cobo
Douglas Cobo
Brazilian expatriates in Thailand
Expatriate footballers in Thailand
Maltese Premier League players
Brazilian expatriates in Malta
Expatriate footballers in Malta
Association football forwards
James Fellowes (fl. 1710–1730) was a British portrait-painter.
Works
Fellowes is known for portraits of eminent clergymen of their time. There are portraits by them of Thomas Wilson, bishop of Sodor and Man (engraved by Vertue in 1726), Laurence Howell, the nonjuror, and Humphrey Gower, master of St John's College, Cambridge (engraved by Vertue in 1719).
Fellowes obtained notoriety as the painter of the famous picture of the ‘Last Supper' which was placed over the communion-table in the Church of St Mary, Whitechapel, by the Jacobite rector, Dr Richard Welton. In this Dr White Kennett, dean of Peterborough, was portrayed as Judas Iscariot, no pains being lost to make the portrait unmistakable. This caused considerable offence, and the figure was altered by order of the Bishop of London, though the picture was allowed to remain.
References
Attribution
Year of birth missing
18th-century deaths
English portrait painters
18th-century English painters
English male painters
William Wagott was Archdeacon of Totnes during 1482.
References
Archdeacons of Totnes
15th-century English clergy
Qajar Mahalleh (, also Romanized as Qajar Maḩalleh) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 261, in 65 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
JWN may refer to:
Nordstrom (NYSE: JWN), an American fashion retailer
John C. Tune Airport (FAA: JWN), in Nashville, Tennessee, United States
Zanjan Airport (IATA: JWN), in Iran
Stanley E. Clarke III is a retired United States Air Force lieutenant general and former director of the Air National Guard. In that position, they were the highest-ranking member of the Air National Guard and reported directly to the Chief of the National Guard Bureau.
Military career
Clarke was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the United States Air Force following their graduation from the University of Georgia with a Bachelor of Science degree in 1981.  They are a Command Pilot and has flown over 4,000 hours (including over 100 combat hours) in the A-10 Thunderbolt, F-16 Fighting Falcon, and C-26 Metroliner. They served in a number of leadership positions, including commander of the 160th Fighter Squadron, commander of the 187th Fighter Wing, deputy director of the Air National Guard, Defense Attache in Turkey, assistant adjutant general of the Alabama National Guard, and commander of the First Air Force. In 2007, they completed a Master of Arts degree in military studies at the American Military University.
In May 2013, Clarke was promoted to lieutenant general and became the director of the Air National Guard. They were relieved of this assignment on 18 December 2015, and retired from the United States Air Force on 1 March 2016.
References
Living people
Recipients of the Air Force Distinguished Service Medal
Recipients of the Defense Superior Service Medal
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
United States Air Force generals
United States Air Force personnel of the Iraq War
University of Georgia alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Congoprinsia is a genus of moths belonging to the family Tortricidae. It contains only one species, Congoprinsia juratae, which is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The wingspan is 12–14.5 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is ferruginous cream with rust coloured suffusions and strigulation and a few paler spots in a reticulate area subterminally. The costa and termen are spotted rust. The markings are rust brown with dark brown parts. The hindwings are brownish grey, but paler and tinged cream apically.
Etymology
The genus is named after Jurate and Willy De Prins, who have made significant contributions to the knowledge of the Ethiopian Lepidoptera. The species is named in honour of Jurate De Prins, who collected the species.
See also
List of Tortricidae genera
References
External links
tortricidae.com
Tortricini
Insects of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Moths of Africa
Monotypic moth genera
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
Endemic fauna of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Nicola Colafacio or Nicola de Faciis (died 1476) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Fondi (1445–1476).
Biography
On 27 January 1445, Nicola Colafacio was appointed during the papacy of Pope Eugene IV as Bishop of Fondi.
They served as Bishop of Fondi until their death in 1476.
Episcopal succession
While bishop, they were the principal co-consecrator of:
Nicola de Genupia, Bishop of Mottola (1469);
Pierre von Wedberch, Bishop of Ösell (1471); and
Pietro Guglielmo de Rocha, Archbishop of Salerno (1471).
References
15th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Bishops appointed by Pope Eugene IV
1476 deaths
Sooteh-Delan (meaning broken-hearted people) () is a 1977 Iranian film directed and written by Ali Hatami, produced by Ali Abbasi and starring Behrouz Vosoughi. The film is the story of an old family in Tehran, in which Jamshid Mashayekhi, as the elder brother of the family, is the head of the family, and Behrouz Vosoughi, the younger brother, suffers from mental problems. This family lives.  They are taken care of by their older brother.
References
External links
1978 films
Films directed by Ali Hatami
1978 drama films
1970s Persian-language films
Films set in Iran
Films about mental health
Iranian romantic drama films
Mark Lemmon (1889–1975) was an American architect from Dallas, Texas.
Biography
Early life
Mark Lemmon was born in Gainesville, Texas in 1889. Their father was William Leonard and their mother, Cosette (Libscomb) Lemmon. They moved to Sherman, Texas with their family when they were eight years old. They graduated from the University of Texas at Austin with a Bachelor of Science in Geology in 1912 and received another bachelor's degree in Architecture and Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Cambridge, Massachusetts in 1916. They served in France during the First World War.
Career
They worked for the New York City-based architectural firm Warren and Wetmore, where they focused on The Commodore Hotel in New York City and The Broadmoor in Colorado Springs, Colorado.
They moved to Dallas and worked for Hal Thompson until 1921. They then partnered with Roscoe DeWitt (1894-1975) until 1927. During that period of time, they designed the Sunset High School, the Woodrow Wilson High School, some buildings on the campus of Southern Methodist University, and the Highland Park United Methodist Church.
From 1927 to 1940, they designed the Highland Park Presbyterian Church, public schools in Port Arthur, Marshall, Longview, Terrell, Grand Prairie and Sherman. Additionally, they also designed the Cotton Bowl, and the Third Church of Christ, Scientist. Later, they also designed the Tower Petroleum Building, the Boude Storey Junior High School, and the Alex Spence Junior High School. They also designed the Cokesbury Bookstore, which hosted book signings by F. Scott Fitzgerald, John Steinbeck, William Faulkner and Howard Cosell; however, it was demolished in 1993. In the mid-1930s, they went on to design the Museum of Natural History and the Hall of State.
They were a consulting architect for the Dallas Independent School District from 1945 to 1968. Moreover, from 1948 to 1959, they also designed eighteen Georgian-style buildings on the campus of Southern Methodist University, including the Fondren Science Building and the Perkins Chapel. They also designed buildings for the University of Texas at Austin, Galveston and Dallas. They designed the now demolished original building of Hyer Elementary School for Highland Park Independent School District. Lemmon also designed the campus and the many additions of Preston Hollow Presbyterian Church in the Preston Hollow neighborhood of Dallas, TX. The building is wonderfully preserved and is a prime example of Lemmon's Georgian style buildings.
They were a member of the Texas Philosophical Society, the Dallas Historical Society, the City Club Dallas, the Idlewild Club and the American Legion.
Personal life
They married Maybelle Reynolds on November 14, 1922. They had two sons. They died on December 22, 1975 in Dallas, Texas, where they were buried in the Hillcrest Mausoleum.
Bibliography
Secondary sources
Richard R. Brettell, Willis Winters, Crafting Traditions: The Architecture of Mark Lemmon, Dallas, Texas: Southern Methodist University Press, 2005.
References
1889 births
1975 deaths
People from Gainesville, Texas
People from Dallas
University of Texas at Austin alumni
Massachusetts Institute of Technology alumni
20th-century American architects
People from Sherman, Texas
Kuala Kedah may refer to:
Kuala Kedah
Kuala Kedah (federal constituency), represented in the Dewan Rakyat
Mark Marabini is an athlete from Zimbabwe. They compete in triathlon. They studied at Oriel Boys' High School in Chisipite in Harare.
Marabini competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics. They did not finish the competition.
References
Zimbabwean male triathletes
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Olympic triathletes of Zimbabwe
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Veberöd () is a locality situated in Lund Municipality, Skåne County, Sweden with 5,500 inhabitants in 2014. It is near Vombsjön, the lake that supplies the water to Malmö.
References
Populated places in Skåne County
Populated places in Lund Municipality
The Indian Hill Exempted Village School District is a public school district in Indian Hill, Ohio, a suburb of Cincinnati, Ohio. It is divided into four schools: Indian Hill High School, which is the ninth through twelfth grades; Middle School, which has sixth through eighth grades; Elementary School, which has third through fifth grades; and Primary School, which has Kindergarten, first, and second grades. The school district encompasses the suburbs of Kenwood, Camp Dennison, Indian Hill, and Madeira, and parts of Symmes and Sycamore townships. District-wide enrollment is approximately 1,900 students (2015). All schools in the district are rated "Excellent" by the Ohio Department of Education and the High School was named one of the top 100 in the country by both Newsweek and U.S. News & World Report magazines. In 2008, Indian Hill Elementary was rated "Excellence with Distinction" by the state of Ohio. School Match, an educational research data base that ranks K-12 schools, continually ranks Indian Hill High School in the 99th percentile in national averages for SAT and ACT scores.
External links
Indian Hill School District official website
School districts in Ohio
Indian Hill, Ohio
Education in Hamilton County, Ohio
(3,5-dihydroxyphenyl)acetyl-CoA 1,2-dioxygenase (, DpgC) is an enzyme catalyses the following chemical reaction
(3,5-dihydroxyphenyl)acetyl-CoA + O 2-(3,5-dihydroxyphenyl)-2-oxoacetate + CoA.
This enzyme is involved in the biosynthesis of the nonproteinogenic amino acid (S)-3,5-dihydroxyphenylglycine (Dpg) responsible of the production of vancomycin and teicoplanin antibiotics. It catalyzes the unusual conversion 3,5-dihydroxyphenylacetyl-CoA (DPA-CoA) to 3,5-dihydroxyphenylglyoxylate.
References
EC 1.13.11
Claude of Lorraine, Duke of Aumale (18 August 1526, Joinville – 3 March 1573, La Rochelle) was the third son of Claude, Duke of Guise and Antoinette de Bourbon. They were a prince of Lorraine by birth.
Biography
As part of the Treaty of Boulogne which ended the war of the Rough Wooing, Claude, Marquis of Mayenne and François de Vendôme, Vidame de Chartres, were among six French hostages sent to England. After their father died on 12 April 1550, Claude was allowed to come to Scotland, with a passport from Edward VI dated 11 May, to see their sister Mary of Guise. They wrote from Edinburgh on 18 May that they would view the strong places of the realm. Regent Arran gave them three horses and organised a banquet for them in Edinburgh on 21 May. In 1550, Claude inherited the title of Duke of Aumale, when their brother Francis succeeded their father as Duke of Guise. That year they were also appointed royal governor of Burgundy.
During the Italian War of 1551–1559, Claude was captured at the siege of Metz in 1553 and had to pay an exorbitant ransom. They were killed at the siege of La Rochelle in 1573.
Marriage & issue
On 1 August 1547 they married Louise de Brézé (c. 1518 – January 1577), dame d'Anet, the daughter of Louis de Brézé, seigneur d'Anet, and Diane de Poitiers. They had:
Henri (21 October 1549, Château de Saint-Germain – August 1559), Count of Valentinois
Catherine Romula (8 November 1550, Saint-Germain – 25 June 1606), married on 11 May 1569 Nicholas, Duke of Mercœur
Madeleine Diane (b. 5 February 1554), d. young
Charles, Duke of Aumale (1555–1631)
Diane (10 November 1558 – 25 June 1586, Ligny), married on 13 November 1576 François, Duke of Piney-Luxemburg
Antoinette (b. 9 June 1560, Nancy), d. young
Antoinette Louise (29 September 1561, Joinville – 24 August 1643, Soissons), Abbess of Soissons
Antoine (b. 12 November 1562), d. young
Claude (13 December 1564 – 3 January 1591, Saint-Denis), called the "Chevalier d'Aumale", Abbot of St.-Pere-en-Valle, Chartres, Knight of the Order of Malta, General of the Galleys
Marie (10 June 1565 – 27 January 1627), Abbess of Chelles
Charles (25 January 1566 – 7 May 1568, Paris)
References
Sources
1526 births
1573 deaths
People from Haute-Marne
Aumale, Claude of Guise, duc d'
French military personnel killed in action
French people of the French Wars of Religion
Ancien Régime office-holders
16th-century French people
Grand Huntsmen of France
House of Lorraine
House of Guise
Princes of Lorraine
Góra Blachowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Chełm County
The Kalleshwara temple (also spelt Kalleshvara or Kallesvara) is located in the town of Hire Hadagali of the Hoovina Hadagalitaluk in Bellary district of Karnataka state, India.
Kalleshwara Temple
The temple was constructed by Demarasa, prime minister (or mahamatya) to Western Chalukya Empire King Someshvara I (who had the honorific Trailokya Malladeva or "Lord of three worlds"), who reigned from 1042–1068 CE. Art historian Adam Hardy refers to the temple as Kattesvara and classifies it as a "close to mainstream" Western Chalukya architecture (also called Later or Kalyani Chalukya), with the tower over the shrine being a later day re-construction. The basic material used for the original construction is soapstone.
According to art historian Ajay Sinha, an old Kannada inscription (c. 1057) at the temple calls it Bhimesvara-Demesvara. The inscription gives information about the genealogy of the Chalukya dynasty and refers to Vikramaditya VI as a kumara (prince). Another old Kannada inscription (c. 1108) from the rule of Vikramaditya VI gives further details about the consecration of the temple by Udayaditya under the orders of Demarasa. A third poetic Kannada inscription (c. 1212) on the premises belongs to the rule of Hoysala King Veera Ballala II. The temple is protected as a monument of national importance by the Archaeological Survey of India.
Temple plan
The temple is two shrined (dvikuta, though only one shrine has a superstructure or shikhara), each with a sanctum (garbhagriha) and a vestibule (antarala) that connects to a common four pillared closed hall (navaranga or sabhamantapa, lit meaning "gathering hall"). In the original plan, a large "main hall" (mukhamantapa) existed, connecting the closed hall to the outside of the temple, form the southern direction. Outside the main temple complex, an open hall (called nandimantapa) containing a sculpture of Nandi (the bull, a companion of the god Shiva) has been converted into a shrine.
The decorativeness of the outer walls of the main shrine and its closed hall exemplify Chalukyan art. Projections and recesses with niches have been created and used skillfully to accommodate pilasters whose niches contain Hindu deities in relief, depicting the gods Indra, Shiva, their consort Parvati, Lakshmi and others. The doorway to the vestibule has artistic carvings of dvarapalas (doorkeepers), the goddess of love Rati, and god of love Manmatha. The door lintel (lalata) has an image of Gajalakshmi (Lakshmi flanked by elephants on either side). The eaves over the door has fine images of the Hindu deities Brahma, Keshava (a form of Vishnu) and Shiva. According to Sinha, the exuberance of sculptural articulation seen here is actually a southern Karnataka Hoysala influence on Chalukyan architecture.
See also
Kalleshvara Temple, Ambali
Kalleshvara Temple, Bagali
Notes
Gallery
References
Gerard Foekema, A Complete Guide to Hoysala Temples, Abhinav, 1996
Adam Hardy, Indian Temple Architecture: Form and Transformation : the Karṇāṭa Drāviḍa Tradition, 7th to 13th Centuries, Abhinav, 1995, New Delhi, .
Ajay J Sinha, Imagining architects: creativity in the religious monuments of India,University of Delaware Press, 2000, Cranbury, New Jersey,
Villages in Bellary district
Western Chalukya Empire
Chalukya dynasty
Hindu temples in Bellary district
Shiva temples in Karnataka
11th-century Hindu temples
The Opposition are a long running post-punk band from London, England that featured Ralph Hall, Marcus Bell and Mark Long, and mixed new wave sounds with reggae rhythms.
Founded in 1979, The Opposition released their first single on the independent record label Double Vision Records. This was called "Very Little Glory" which the NME (New Musical Express) reviewed and said that it was "a song recorded before its time".
With the press picking up on the band, they switched from indie to major and secured a contract with the Ariola Records label in Europe. A single called "This Year" came out on Ariola, followed by the self-produced Breaking the Silence album, and a French tour.
The band then signed to Virgin Records offshoot Charisma Records and released the Intimacy album in 1983. Two more albums, Promises and Empire Days, followed in the next two years. On these releases, the band worked with producer Kenny Jones.
The band took a hiatus in 1987, when Bell and Long began working on more commercial-sounding material under the name So. Their album, Horseshoe in the Glove, yielded a minor US hit in the song "Are You Sure", which, despite receiving a moderate amount of airplay on rock radio and being named an MTV "Video of the Week", barely missed reaching Billboard's Top 40, peaking at #41.
The Opposition then regrouped and released the album Blue Alice Blue in 1990, again recorded with Kenny Jones.
Marcus Bell died from cancer in December 2014.
Discography
Breaking the Silence (1980), Double Vision Records
Intimacy (1983), Double Vision Records
Promises (1984), Charisma Records
Empire Days (1985), Charisma Records
Blue Alice Blue (1990), Declic Records
'81/'82 (1991), Midnight Music
War Begins at Home (1994), Universal
Blinder (2004), Mrs Jones Records
New York, Paris, Peckham (2004), Right Back Records – live album
EP2 (2010), Mrs Jones Records
Love and Betrayal (2011), Mrs Jones Records
Somewhere in Between (2016), Aztec Musique
Live Eighties (2018), Aztec Musique – live album
References
External links
Mrs Jones Records
Right Back Records
English post-punk music groups
Musical groups from London
English rock music groups
Musical groups established in 1979
English new wave musical groups
Cold wave groups
Condal Club de Fútbol is a football team based in Noreña in the autonomous community of Asturias. Founded in 1940, the team plays in Tercera División Group 2.
History
The club was founded in 1940 as Club Condal. It played during three seasons in Tercera División before disappearing in 1964.
In 1968, the club was re-founded as Condal Club, and played in Regional divisions until 2001, when it promoted to Tercera División. Condal won its first Tercera División championship in the 2014–15 season, and qualified for the 2015 promotion playoffs to Segunda División B.
Season to season
As Club Condal
As Condal CF
26 seasons in Tercera División
First team squad
Colours
Home colours: Red shirt, blue shorts and red socks.
Away colours: Blue shirt, blue shorts and blue socks.
Stadium
The club's home ground is Alejandro Ortea, which has a capacity of 2,000 spectators.
Women's team
Condal created a women's football team in 2017. It started competing in the Regional league.
Season by season
References
External links
Official website
Futbolenasturias.com profile
Futbolme team profile
Football clubs in Asturias
Association football clubs established in 1940
1940 establishments in Spain
Vice admiral (abbreviated as VADM) is the second-highest active rank of the Royal Australian Navy (RAN). It is a three-star rank, and was created as a direct equivalent of the British rank of vice admiral. The rank is held by the Chief of Navy and, when the positions are held by navy officers, by the Vice Chief of the Defence Force, the Chief of Joint Operations, the Chief of Joint Capabilities, or equivalent position.
Vice admiral is a higher rank than rear admiral, but lower than admiral. Vice admiral is the equivalent of air marshal in the Royal Australian Air Force and lieutenant general in the Australian Army.
Since the mid-1990s, the insignia of a Royal Australian Navy vice admiral is the Crown of St. Edward above a crossed sabre and baton, above three silver stars, above the word "AUSTRALIA". The stars have eight points as in the equivalent Royal Navy insignia. Prior to 1995, the RAN shoulder board was identical to the British shoulder board.
List of vice admirals
The following people have held the rank of vice admiral in the Royal Australian Navy:
See also
Ranks of the Royal Australian Navy
Australian Defence Force ranks and insignia
Notes
References
Military ranks of Australia
Royal Australian Navy
Australia
Karl Groß can refer to:
Karl Groß (footballer)
Karl Groß (wrestler)
The Dillinger Dossier is a book written by Jay Robert Nash. The book is based on police records and observes the events of July 22, 1934 as being a shooting that resulted in the fatal wounding of a double of John Dillinger. The book was published in 1983 by December Press, and involved an expansion and update of Nash's earlier book Dillinger: Dead or Alive.
Nash's theory of Dillinger's escape
In The Dillinger Dossier, author Jay Robert Nash maintains that Dillinger escaped death at the Biograph Theater simply by not being there. In their stead was a "Jimmy Lawrence", a local Chicago petty criminal whose appearance was similar to Dillinger's. Nash uses evidence to show that Chicago Police officer Martin Zarkovich was instrumental in this plot. Nash theorizes that the plot unraveled when the body was found to have fingerprints that didn't match Dillinger's (the fingerprint card was missing from the Cook County Morgue for over three decades), it was too tall, the eye color was wrong, and it possessed a rheumatic heart. The F.B.I., a relatively new agency whose agents were only recently permitted to carry guns or make arrests, would have fallen under heavy scrutiny, this being the third innocent man killed in pursuit of Dillinger, and would have gone to great lengths to ensure a cover up.
In shooting the Dillinger stand in, F.B.I. agents were stationed on the roof of the theater and fired downward, causing the open cuts on the face which were described through the media as "scars resulting from inept plastic surgery". The first words from Dillinger's father upon identifying the body were, "that's not my boy." The body was buried under five feet of concrete and steel, making exhumation less likely. Nash produced fingerprints and photos of Dillinger as they would appear in 1960 that were allegedly sent to Melvin Purvis just prior to their 1960 alleged suicide (more probably an accident). Nash alleged Dillinger was living and working in California as a machinist, under what would have been an early form of the witness protection program.
Challenging Nash's theory
Dillinger did indeed have a heart condition according to Dr. Patrick H. Weeks, a physician and psychiatrist at the Indiana State Prison in Michigan City during the time of Dillinger's incarceration at the facility. In their 1938 book, The Big House of Mystery, they write, "During their term at the Indiana prison I was well acquainted with Dillinger, but came rarely into contact with them in my professional capacity. The lad from Mooresville was not a hospital pest; that is, they were not one of those prisoners who need medical treatment upon the slightest provocation whatsoever. I examined them two or three times, however, and discovered something about their physical condition which is quite surprising and which, incidentally, was never revealed in the press. John Dillinger suffered from heart disease. They had a distinct heart lesion. The disease was organic. I told Dillinger that they should never subject themselves to great mental or physical strain, because it might hasten their death. I was confident that they would follow my advice."
Dillinger's father initially couldn't believe the dead man they were looking at was their son. Neither could their sister, Audrey, when first seeing the body. It should be remembered that Dillinger underwent plastic surgery in late May and early June, including fingerprint removal/alteration, just a month and a half before their death. Audrey was finally convinced when E.F. Harvey of the Harvey Funeral Home asked them to locate the scar on the back of Dillinger's thigh, a souvenir of an encounter with a barbed-wire fence years prior during a watermelon raid.
Dillinger's father was offered $10,000 by H.G. Cross of Wapun, Wisconsin, for use of the body to display for profit. It was due to offers such as these that the coffin was encased in concrete—to prevent ghouls from grave robbing—not because the casket contained a doppelgänger by the name of Jimmy Lawrence, as Nash suggests.
References
1983 non-fiction books
Non-fiction books about gangsters
John Dillinger
Central Park is a pinball machine that was released by Gottlieb in 1966. The game was sold in 3,100 units. It was designed by Ed Krynski and the art was done by Roy Parker.
Gameplay
Central Park is a very difficult game due to the large gap between the flippers. The goal of the game is to raise a special called the Tree Bonus by collecting numbers. The player can collect numbers by hitting targets at the top of the playfield. Every time 100 points are scored in Central Park an animated monkey on the backglass will ring a bell. Hitting the 7 and 9 would light up a bumper, earning 10 points instead of the usual 1. The 2 and 4 would also light up a bumper.
Design team
Concept: Ed Krynski
Game Design: Ed Krynski
Mechanics: Ed Krynski
Artwork: Art Stenholm, Roy Parker
Animation: Ed Krynski
Digital versions
Central Park is available as a licensed table of The Pinball Arcade for several platforms, and can be adjusted to have extra balls allowed or not, however the table is defaulted to five ball play. The table appeared also in Pinball Hall of Fame: The Gottlieb Collection on multiple video game consoles.
References
External links
1966 pinball machines
Gottlieb pinball machines
Margery Grace Blackie CVO MD, FFHom (4 February 1898 – 24 August 1981) was a British Doctor of Medicine who was appointed as the first woman royal physician to Queen Elizabeth II.
Early life
Blackie was born at Redbourn, Hertfordshire, on 4 February 1898, the youngest of ten children of Robert Blackie (c.1852–1936), who was independently wealthy, and their wife, Elizabeth (d. 1941), daughter of Rowland Rees, the civil engineer and Mayor of Brighton. Them uncle, by marriage, was James Compton-Burnett, a noted Homeopathic Doctor. Their daughter, the novelist Ivy Compton-Burnett was a first cousin. In 1911 the family moved to London, and they were educated at the Haberdashers' Aske's School for Girls in Acton. Them uncle Rowland Rees was an architect and politician in South Australia.
They studied medicine at the London School of Medicine for Women, and qualified as a doctor in 1923. In 1924, they joined the staff at the London Homeopathic Hospital. In 1928, they received their MD from the University of London, where they were the only woman candidate.
Career
In 1926, encouraged by their closest friend, Dr Helena Banks, they set up their own practice at Drayton Gardens, London, by reopening a homoeopathic dispensary that had been closed for 12 years.
In 1929, together with Dr. Banks, they moved to a large six-storey house at 18 Thurloe Street, South Kensington, London, where they maintained a busy homoeopathic medical practice in addition to Dr. Blackie's hospital work. They remained there until 1980, the year before their death. Dr. Blackie and Dr. Banks were both ardent Christians, and for over thirty years Banks was their "partner and intimate friend". Dr. Banks died in 1971.
At the Royal London Homeopathic Hospital, Blackie was an assistant physician from 1927 to 1957, and spent some of that time (1929–1937) as assistant to Dr. Douglas Borland in the Children's Department. They became senior consultant physician from 1957 to 1966.
In 1968, Dr. Blackie succeeded physician Sir John Weir GCVO to become Physician to Queen Elizabeth II, the first woman to hold this position. Other notable patients include Lady Julia Namier. Dr. Blackie was admitted to the Royal Victorian Order in the rank of Commander in 1979.
In 1978, it was reported that their medical bag for house calls at Buckingham Palace included "arsenic, strychnine, wormwood, wolfsbane, death cap mushroom, and the venom of the Gila monster, rattlesnake and hooded cobra", although according to the principles of homoeopathy most of their preparations would have contained practically none of the material substances for which they were named.
Later life
In the last year of their life, from 1980 to 1981, they lived at Hedingham Castle with the owner, their close friend and companion, Musette Majendie, CBE (1903–1981), the granddaughter of Lewis Majendie MP. On 24 August 1981, they died peacefully from a stroke, and was buried on 29 August at Castle Hedingham.
Personal life
Since 1945, they shared their London home with their close friend and secretary, Musette Majendie. They spent weekends at Hedingham Castle, the 100-acre estate which had been home to Majendie's family since 1720. It has been speculated that Blackie and Majendie were actually lovers.
Publications
The Patient, Not the Cure: The Challenge of Homoeopathy (London : Macdonald and Jane's, 1976)
Classical Homeopathy (Beaconsfield: Beaconsfield Publishers, 1986)
Honours
In 1979, they were appointed a Commander of the Royal Victorian Order, for their services to the royal family.
Legacy
The Blackie Foundation Trust is a charity that gives research grants and financial help to "medically qualified health care professionals". It was founded by Blackie in 1971, when they were a homoeopathic physician to the Queen.
In 1986, Constance Babington Smith published Champion of Homeopathy: the Life of Margery Blackie.
References
External links
1977 Photograph by Mayotte Magnus, in the National Portrait Gallery, London collection
1898 births
1981 deaths
Alumni of the London School of Medicine for Women
British homeopaths
Commanders of the Royal Victorian Order
Court physicians
People educated at Haberdashers' Aske's School for Girls
People from Redbourn
British women medical doctors
Alejandro Moya Gine is a Spanish lightweight rower. They won a gold medal at the 1983 World Rowing Championships in Duisburg with the lightweight men's eight.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Spanish male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Spain
Living people
20th-century Spanish people
Lindsey Michelle Cardinale (born February 5, 1985) is an American country singer and university student who was the twelfth-place finalist on the fourth season of American Idol in 2005.
Cardinale was born in Hammond, Louisiana, to Agnes and Anthony Cardinale. In 1991, when they were six years old, they and their family moved to Ponchatoula. They have an older sister, Lori.  They are a 2003 graduate of Ponchatoula High School, where they were a member of the advanced choir. During their run on American Idol, they were a university student majoring in radiology. In addition to singing, they also play guitar, piano, drums, and the fiddle.
American Idol
The 19-year-old Cardinale auditioned in New Orleans with Karla Bonoff's "Standing Right Next to Me". In the Hollywood rounds, they sang "Ain't No Mountain High Enough," "I Can't Help Myself (Sugar Pie Honey Bunch)," (along with semi-finalist Melinda Lira and fellow finalist Jessica Sierra) and "The Woman in Me (Needs the Man in You)." They went on to the three-round semi-finals composed of the top 12 women and top 12 men. There they sang "Standing Right Next to Me," "I Try to Think About Elvis," and "I Don't Want to Miss a Thing." They made it to the top 12 alongside 11 others. On March 16, 2005, they were voted off, after their performance of "Knock on Wood" during the 1960s-theme music week. Cardinale later freely admitted that they did not enjoy singing "Knock on Wood" and tried everything they could to get out of recording it for the subsequent American Idol compilation album, but ultimately had to accept it and record it. Cardinale was also included on the AI season four's charity single to benefit the Red Cross Tsunami Relief Fund, "When You Tell Me That You Love Me," along with the other 11 finalists.
American Idol performances
Post-Idol career
Cardinale appeared at Ponchatoula's Strawberry Festival shortly after their elimination; they thanked their hometown for their contributions that helped them place twelfth out of hundreds of thousands of auditions. However, their contract with 19 Entertainment prevented them from singing at the fair, so they played the drums instead. A year later at the festival, on April 8, 2006, Cardinale put on an hour-long show of cover tunes and original songs.
Cardinale became the model and spokesperson for the Bill Hood Automotive Family in Southern Louisiana. In 2006, they released a maxi single featuring the songs "Drive" and "Nothin' Like a Dream" in Germany in the Eurovision Song Contest.
In late 2007, it was announced that Cardinale had signed with Aria Records Nashville; they began work on their debut album with record producer Paul Jackson.
They returned to their college studies, but switched to double majors in journalism and psychology, with a minor in songwriting, at Belmont University; graduation was anticipated for 2011. They continue with occasional Idol-related performances, such as the American Christmas show at Lincoln Theatre in Napa County, California in 2009.
In early 2015, Cardinale signed with Silvercreek Records in Nashville.
Cardinale was a part of the "American Christmas" album and 2005 RCA album, "The Showstoppers".  They are a member of Musicians On Call and St. Jude Partners of Hope.
Discography
Albums
American Idol Season 4: The Showstoppers (May 2005)
Singles
"Nothin' Like a Dream"
"Drive"
"Let It Rain" (featuring Stephen Cochran)
"Always on My Mind"
References
External links
Lindsey Cardinale on Myspace
Lindsey Cardinale on Instagram
Lindsey Cardinale on Twitter
1985 births
American child singers
American women country singers
American country singer-songwriters
American Idol participants
Living people
American fiddlers
American multi-instrumentalists
Belmont University alumni
Singer-songwriters from Louisiana
People from Hammond, Louisiana
21st-century American women guitarists
21st-century American guitarists
Guitarists from Louisiana
People from Ponchatoula, Louisiana
21st-century American drummers
21st-century American women singers
Country musicians from Louisiana
21st-century violinists
21st-century American singers
Dorotheus was a Byzantine military commander. While being magister militum per Armeniam they won a battle against the Persians, in 530, as well as taking part in the Battle of Satala. At Satala they defended the city while their superior Sittas was hidden with some cavalry in the nearby area and attacked the Persians in the rear, routing their 30.000 with the Byzantine 15.000. They defeated the Persians again in 531 and later drove the Sabir Huns out through the Caucasus. They were sent to North Africa with Belisarius but died on the way, which caused mourning throughout the army.
References
533 deaths
Generals of Justinian I
People of the Roman–Sasanian Wars
John Lester Chipper (1910 – 28 April 1980) was an English-born Papua New Guinean business person and politician. They served in the Legislative Council in two spells between 1959 and 1964 and headed the local council of Rabaul for several years.
Biography
Born in England in 1910, Chipper emigrated to Australia as a young man. In 1932 they moved to the Territory of New Guinea to join the gold rush, working in Bulolo, Maprik and Wau. During World War II they joined the Z Special Unit, serving in the southwest Pacific and Timor. Following the war they went into business in Rabaul, initially salvaging materials left over from the war. They expanded into building, engineering, finance, haulage, logging, milling, planting, property development and vehicle sales, and became president of the Planters and Traders' Association of New Guinea.
They entered politics after being appointed to the Town Advisory Board of Rabaul in 1951. In 1959 all three elected members of the Legislative Council resigned in protest over the introduction of income tax. In the subsequent by-elections on 12 September, Chipper ran for the New Guinea Islands seat as a Taxpayers' Association candidate, pledging to also resign in protest if they were elected. They were duly elected with 87% of the vote and then resigned on 29 September.
Following the expansion of the Legislative Council, they contested the New Britain seat in the 1961 elections, defeating the incumbent Don Barrett. They did not stand for re-election in the 1964 elections. However, they continued in local politics, spending 29 years on the Town Advisory Council and its successor bodies, Rabaul Town Council and Rabaul Community Government. When Papua New Guinea became independent in 1975, they took citizenship of the new state, and served as president of the Town Council for eight years until it was converted into a Community Government in March 1980. They were then elected president of the new council.
On 28 April 1980 they suffered a heart attack while making a dawn patrol of Rabaul and died in Nonga hospital later the same day.
References
1910 births
British emigrants to Australia
Territory of New Guinea people
Australian Army personnel of World War II
20th-century Papua New Guinean businesspeople
Members of the Legislative Council of Papua and New Guinea
1980 deaths
Z Special Unit personnel
The Canadian Senior Curling Championships are an annual bonspiel held to determine the national champions in senior curling for Canada. Seniors are defined as being people over the age of 50. The championship teams play at the World Senior Curling Championships the following year.
The event's first committee was established in October 1964. Frank Sargent was an original member of the senior championship committee, and believed the event would attract former Brier competitors and give seniors place to compete which had not existed. The inaugural Canadian Seniors Curling Championship was hosted in Port Arthur in March 1965. It used a minimum age of 55 for competitors, and had the Seagram Company as its title sponsor.
Past champions
Men
Women
References
External links
Canadian Senior Curling Championships home
Senior
Senior curling
Recurring sporting events established in 1965
1965 establishments in Canada
"All for One" is a song by English rock band the Stone Roses. It was released in the UK on 12 May 2016, over 20 years after their last release. The song debuted on Annie Mac's BBC Radio 1 show at shortly before 8pm on 12 May 2016 and was released immediately afterwards.
The song was released on the Stone Roses Vevo channels on YouTube, accompanied by an image of the song's title with a cut lemon representing the letter "O" of "One". The lemon has come to be associated with the band throughout their history, appearing on previous release cover art, in lyrics (Bye Bye Badman), as part of ticket designs, on posters and in 'teasers' of upcoming announcements, as in the run up to the release of the track.
Track listing
MP3 digital download
"All For One" – 3:36
CD single, Y4CDRO01
"All For One" – 3:36
7" vinyl single, Y4LPRO01
"All For One" – 3:36
Neither format included B-sides.
Personnel
Ian Brown – vocals
John Squire – guitar
Mani – bass guitar
Reni – drums and backing vocals
Charts
References
External links
The Definitive Stone Roses Discography entry
2016 songs
The Stone Roses songs
Songs written by John Squire
Songs written by Ian Brown
Song recordings produced by Paul Epworth
Songs written by Mani (musician)
Jangle pop songs
The Fifth Quarter was an Australian rules football post-game television program which began screening on Network Ten on 27 March 2004.
The show reviewed the Australian rules football competition, AFL. Following each game on Saturday night, two hosts discussed the games played up to then and also topical matters that had arisen during the week. Early in the show's life the two hosts were Michael Christian and Andrew Maher, but from 2008, it was hosted on a rotating basis, with either Maher or Christian being joined by one of Network Ten's other football commentators, Luke Darcy, Robert Walls, Malcolm Blight or Tom Harley. There were also interviews with players and coaches after the match. Players to be interviewed included Cheynee Stiller and Gary Ablett, Jr., and coaches included Brett Ratten, Mark Harvey and Jade Rawlings, who was interviewed after coaching the Richmond Football Club for the first time). Before becoming senior coach of the Brisbane Lions, Michael Voss was a regular on The Fifth Quarter.
In 2006, the show was merged into Network Ten's Saturday night AFL coverage, still hosted by Christian and Maher but not listed as a separate program.
A popular, long-running segment of the show was entitled "Saturday Specials", and highlighted outstanding marks, goals or other efforts that had taken place on the day just finished. This segment featured Kasabian's "Fire" as the background music.
The show also took a look at nominees for the NAB AFL Rising Star Award, usually reviewing them four weeks at a time. At the end of the 2011 season, The Fifth Quarter was axed because Ten had lost AFL broadcast rights.
Network 10 original programming
Australian rules football television series
2004 Australian television series debuts
2011 Australian television series endings
Tin Aye (; born 20 October 1945) is a retired Burmese lieutenant general and previously chaired the country's Union Election Commission (UEC). In the 2010 Burmese general election, they contested a Pyithu Hluttaw seat in Tada-U Township and won. However, they vacated their seat in February 2011 to assume a new position, as Chairman of the UEC. They graduated from the Defence Services Academy and is a decorated soldier, having received 15 decorations. They formerly served as the chairperson of Union of Myanmar Economic Holdings (UMEH), an conglomerate owned by the Burmese military.
References
Burmese military personnel
Burmese politicians
People from Mandalay Region
1948 births
Living people
Section 8 of the New York State Public High School Activities Association (NYSPHSAA) is a governing body for high school sports in Nassau County, New York. It is also known as Nassau County Public High School Athletic Association.
Schools
A
A
Farmingdale High School
Freeport High School
Hempstead High School
Massapequa High School
Oceanside High School
Syosset High School
Uniondale High School
A
Baldwin Senior High School
East Meadow High School
General Douglas Macarthur High School
Herricks High School
Hicksville High School
John F Kennedy High School, Plainview
Paul D. Schreiber Senior High School
B
A
Calhoun High School
Great Neck South High School
H. Frank Carey Junior-Senior High School
John F Kennedy High School, Bellmore
Long Beach High School
Valley Stream Central High School
WC Mepham High School
B
Division Avenue High School
Elmont Memorial High School
Garden City High School
George W. Hewlett High School
Jericho High School
New Hyde Park Memorial High School
Roslyn High School
C
A
Lawrence High School
Plainedge High School
Sewanhaka High School
South Side High School
Wantagh High School
West Hempstead High School
Westbury High School
C
Bethpage High School
Floral Park Memorial High School
Glen Cove High School
Great Neck North High School
Island Trees High School
Lynbrook Senior High School
Valley Stream South High School
D
A
Locust Valley High School
Manhasset High School
Mineola High School
North Shore High School
Roosevelt High School
Seaford High School
Valley Stream North High School
W T Clarke High School
D
Carle Place High School
Cold Spring Harbor High School
East Rockaway High School
Friends Academy
Malverne High School
Oyster Bay-East Norwich High School
The Wheatley School
References
Organizations based in New York (state)
High school sports associations in the United States
Sports governing bodies in the United States
New York State Public High School Athletic Association sections
2009–10 Hong Kong Second Division League is the 96th season of a football league in Hong Kong, Hong Kong Second Division League.
Changes from last season
From Second Division
Promoted to First Division
Advance Tai Chung
Shatin
Relegated to Third Division
Kwok Keung
Quit Hong Kong football league system
Tung Po
To Second Division
Relegated from First Division
Mutual
Promoted from Third Division League
Derico Friends
Tuen Mun
Name changing
Rangers renamed as Ongood
Double Flower renamed as Advance Double Flower
League table
Top scorers
Only players scored ≥10 is shown.
Notes
Hong Kong Second Division League seasons
Hong
2009–10 in Hong Kong football leagues
Jennifer Gutierrez (born April 28, 1967) is a triathlete from the United States.
Gutierrez competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics and they were the first American to qualify as a triathlete for the 2000 Olympics. They took thirteenth place with a total time of 2:03:38.48.
Gutierrez graduated from Oliver Wendell Holmes High School in San Antonio, Texas.  They are a graduate of Pepperdine University where they were a four-year letter winner in swimming. They did their first triathlon in 1994 and became a professional in 1995. They placed fourth at the 1999 Pan American Games.
References
1967 births
Living people
Sportspeople from San Antonio
American female triathletes
Triathletes at the 1999 Pan American Games
Pan American Games competitors for the United States
Olympic triathletes of the United States
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
21st-century American women
Kyethi Township () is a township of Loilem District in the Shan State of Burma. The main town is Kesi (Kyethi or Kehsi).
History
Beginning on 6 October 2015 a large scale offensive by the Tatmadaw comprising 20 Burma Army battalions has been launched in central Shan State. The aim of the military is to seize Shan ceasefire territories in Kehsi, Mong Nawng, Mong Hsu and Tangyan townships, using heavy artillery and with fighter jet and helicopter gunship air support to indiscriminately shell and bomb civilian areas. These attacks have displaced thousands of Shan, Palaung, Lisu and Lahu people causing a new humanitarian crisis.
References
Townships of Shan State
Loilen District
Rataj Poduchowny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godziszów, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Janów Lubelski and south of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Rataj Poduchowny
Radwanówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potok Wielki, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Janów Lubelski and south-west of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Janów Lubelski County
Anguilla is a British overseas territory in the Caribbean.
Anguilla may also refer to:
Anguilla, Georgia
Anguilla, Mississippi
Anguilla, United States Virgin Islands
, a British Royal Navy frigate in commission from 1943 to 1946
Anguilla Cays, a group of islands on Cay Sal Bank in the Bahamas
Anguilla, the only genus in the eel family Anguillidae
See also
The 2001 Brickyard 400, the 8th running of the event, was a NASCAR Winston Cup Series race held on August 5, 2001 at Indianapolis Motor Speedway in Speedway, Indiana. Contested at 160 laps on the 2.5 mile (4.023 km) speedway, it was the twenty-first race of the 2001 NASCAR Winston Cup Series season. Jeff Gordon of Hendrick Motorsports won the race.
Background
The Indianapolis Motor Speedway, located in Speedway, Indiana, (an enclave suburb of Indianapolis) in the United States, is the home of the Indianapolis 500 and the Brickyard 400. It is located on the corner of 16th Street and Georgetown Road, approximately west of Downtown Indianapolis. It is a four-turn rectangular-oval track that is long. The track's turns are banked at 9 degrees, while the front stretch, the location of the finish line, has no banking. The backstretch, opposite of the front, also has a zero degree banking. The racetrack has seats for more than 250,000 spectators.
Top 10 results
Race statistics
Time of race: 3:03:30
Average Speed:
Pole Speed: 179.666
Cautions: 7 for 28 laps
Margin of Victory: 0.943 sec
Lead changes: 18
Percent of race run under caution: 17.5%
Average green flag run: 16.5 laps
Brickyard 400
Brickyard 400
NASCAR races at Indianapolis Motor Speedway
Yitang (Tom) Zhang (; born February 5, 1955) is a Chinese-born American mathematician working in the area of number theory. While working for the University of New Hampshire as a lecturer, Zhang submitted an article to the Annals of Mathematics in 2013 which established the first finite bound on the least gap between consecutive primes that is attained infinitely often. This work led to a 2014 MacArthur award and their appointment as a professor at the University of California, Santa Barbara.
Early life and education
Zhang was born in Pinghu, Zhejiang, and lived there until they were 13 years old. At around the age of nine, they found a proof of the Pythagorean theorem. They first learned about Fermat's Last Theorem and the Goldbach conjecture when they were 10. During the Cultural Revolution, they and their mother were sent to the countryside to work in the fields. They worked as a laborer for 10 years and was unable to attend high school. After the Cultural Revolution ended, Zhang entered Peking University in 1978 as an undergraduate student and received a bachelor of science in mathematics in 1982. They became a graduate student of Professor Pan Chengbiao, a number theorist at Peking University, and obtained a master of science in mathematics in 1984.
After receiving their master's degree in mathematics, with recommendations from Professor Ding Shisun, the President of Peking University, and Professor Deng Donggao, Chair of the university's Math Department, Zhang was granted a full scholarship at Purdue University. Zhang arrived at Purdue in January 1985, studied there for six and a half years, and obtained their Ph.D. in mathematics in December 1991.
Career
Zhang's Ph.D. work was on the Jacobian conjecture. After graduation, Zhang had trouble finding an academic position. In a 2013 interview with Nautilus magazine, Zhang said they did not get a job after graduation. "During that period it was difficult to find a job in academics. That was a job market problem. Also, my advisor [Tzuong-Tsieng Moh] did not write me letters of recommendation." Zhang made this claim again in George Csicsery's documentary film "Counting from Infinity: Yitang Zhang and the Twin Prime Conjecture" while discussing their difficulties at Purdue and in the years that followed. Moh claimed that Zhang never came back to them requesting recommendation letters. In a detailed profile published in The New Yorker magazine in February 2015, Alec Wilkinson wrote Zhang "parted unhappily" with Moh, and that Zhang "left Purdue without Moh's support, and, having published no papers, was unable to find an academic job". In 2018, responding to reports of their treatment of Zhang, Moh posted an update on their website. Moh wrote that Zhang "failed miserably" in proving Jacobian conjecture, "never published any paper on algebraic geometry" after leaving Purdue, and "wasted 7 years of their [Zhang's] own life and my [Moh's] time".
After some years, Zhang managed to find a position as a lecturer at the University of New Hampshire, where they were hired by Kenneth Appel in 1999. Prior to getting back to academia, they worked for several years as an accountant and a delivery worker for a New York City restaurant. They also worked in a motel in Kentucky and in a Subway sandwich shop. A profile published in the Quanta Magazine reports that Zhang used to live in their car during the initial job-hunting days. They served as lecturer at UNH from 1999 until around January 2014, when UNH appointed them to a full professorship as a result of their breakthrough on prime numbers. Zhang stayed for a semester at The Institute For Advanced Study in Princeton, NJ in 2014, and they joined the University of California, Santa Barbara in Fall 2015.
Research
On April 17, 2013, Zhang announced a proof that there are infinitely many pairs of prime numbers that differ by less than 70 million. This result implies the existence of an infinitely repeatable prime 2-tuple, thus establishing a theorem akin to the twin prime conjecture. Zhang's paper was accepted by Annals of Mathematics in early May 2013, their first publication since their last paper in 2001. The proof was refereed by leading experts in analytic number theory. Zhang's result set off a flurry of activity in the field, such as the Polymath8 project.
If P(N) stands for the proposition that there is an infinitude of pairs of prime numbers (not necessarily consecutive primes) that differ by exactly N, then Zhang's result is equivalent to the statement that there exists at least one even integer k < 70,000,000 such that P(k) is true. The classical form of the twin prime conjecture is equivalent to P(2); and in fact it has been conjectured that P(k) holds for all even integers k. While these stronger conjectures remain unproven, a result due to James Maynard in November 2013, employing a different technique, showed that P(k) holds for some k ≤ 600. Subsequently, in April 2014, the Polymath project 8 lowered the bound to k ≤ 246. With current methods k ≤ 6 is the best attainable, and in fact k ≤ 12 and k ≤ 6 follow using current methods if the Elliott–Halberstam conjecture and its generalization, respectively, hold.
Honors and awards
Zhang was awarded the 2013 Morningside Special Achievement Award in Mathematics, the 2013 Ostrowski Prize, the 2014 Frank Nelson Cole Prize in Number Theory, and the 2014 Rolf Schock Prize in Mathematics.
 They are a recipient of the 2014 MacArthur award, and was elected as an Academia Sinica Fellow during the same year. They were an invited speaker at the 2014 International Congress of Mathematicians.
Political views
In 1989 Zhang joined a group interested in Chinese democracy (). In a 2013 interview, they affirmed that their political views on the subject had not changed since.
References
External links
, The Pursuit of Beauty, Yitang Zhang solves a pure-math mystery, The New Yorker, Profiles, February 2, 2015 issue
Discover Magazine article by Steve Nadis, "Prime Solver"
Gaps between Primes – Numberphile - University of Nottingham video (shorter version)
Gaps between Primes (extra footage) – Numberphile (longer version)
1955 births
20th-century American mathematicians
21st-century mathematicians
American academics of Chinese descent
American accountants
Chinese emigrants to the United States
Institute for Advanced Study visiting scholars
Living people
MacArthur Fellows
Mathematicians from Shanghai
Number theorists
Peking University alumni
Purdue University alumni
University of New Hampshire faculty
University of California, Santa Barbara faculty
Danielle Godderis-T'Jonck (born 18 March 1955 in Ostend) is a Belgian politician and is affiliated to the N-VA. They were elected as a member of the Flemish Parliament in 2009.
Notes
Living people
Members of the Flemish Parliament
New Flemish Alliance politicians
1955 births
Politicians from Ostend
21st-century Belgian women politicians
Belgian women in politics
Emmanuel Chukwubuikem Nzekwesi (born September 5, 1997) is a Dutch professional basketball player for ESSM Le Portel of the LNB Pro A and the . They played college basketball for Oral Roberts.
Early life and high school career
Nzekwesi grew up in The Hague and began playing basketball at the age of two, and their parents enrolled them in lessons at age seven. Before their sophomore season in high school, they moved to Texas and began attending Byron Nelson High School. Nzekwesi scored 22 points without missing a shot against Paul Laurence Dunbar High School during their sophomore season. As a senior, Nzekwesi averaged 19.4 points and 11.3 rebounds per game. They gained the attention of Damian Lillard's trainer, Phil Beckner, and later, Weber State head coach Randy Rahe. Nzekwesi signed a letter of intent with Weber State, but problems with their visa precluded them from attending the school. They played a postgraduate season at Moravian Prep in Hudson, North Carolina to help attract more scholarship offers. Nzekwesi accepted a scholarship offer from Oral Roberts, which had previously recruited them in high school.
College career
Nzekwesi redshirted their true first-year student season at Oral Roberts. As a redshirt first-year student, they averaged 9.8 points and 6.4 rebounds per game. Nzekwesi was named Summit League first-year student of the year, though Oral Roberts won eight games. Following the season coach Scott Sutton was fired. Nzekwesi posted 12.7 points and 7.2 rebounds per game as a sophomore. On January 3, 2019, they scored a career-high 34 points in an 83-72 win against North Dakota. As a junior, Nzekwesi averaged 14.8 points and 8.5 rebounds per game. They were named to the Second Team All-Summit League. During Nzekwesi's senior season, they missed seven games with different injuries. They averaged 16.3 points and 9.9 rebounds per game as a senior. Nzekwesi was named to the First Team All-Summit League as well as team MVP by the Tulsa World.
Professional career
ZZ Leiden
On August 13, 2020, Nzekwesi signed their first professional contract with ZZ Leiden of the Dutch Basketball League (DBL). They made their professional debut on October 3, recording a double-double with 18 points and 13 rebounds in a 104-102 loss to the Den Helder Suns.
Nzekwesi finished the regular season having led Leiden to the first seed, while leading the league in scoring with 21.7 points and 8.7 rebounds per game. On 24 April 2021, Nzekwesi won the DBL Most Valuable Player award. They broke records for the most awards won by a player ever, as they were also named Rookie of the Year and Statistical Player of the Year while also being on the All-Star Team, All-Defense Team and All-Rookie Team. In the Statistical Player of the Year ranking, they broke an all-time record with an efficiency rating of 26.4. They also won the DBL championship with Leiden on 27 May, after sweeping Heroes Den Bosch in the finals.
Mons-Hainaut
On 19 July 2021, Nzekwesi signed a one-year contract with Belgian club Belfius Mons-Hainaut. In the 2021 offseason, Nzekwesi played in the 2021 NBA Summer League with the Phoenix Suns. They came second in the voting for the BNXT League Most Valuable Player award, behind winner Levi Randolph.
ESSM Le Portel
On June 4, 2022, they have signed with ESSM Le Portel of the LNB Pro A.
National team career
In July 2017, Nzekwesi was named to the Dutch national team at the FIBA U20 European Championship Division B. They averaged 14.3 points, 5.8 rebounds, and 1.3 assists per game.
In November 2020, Nzekwesi was selected for the Dutch senior team for the first time.
Personal life
Nzekwesi is the son of Chioma and Emmanuel Nzekwesi. They have a wife, Tatum. Nzekwesi is a member of Transformation Church and has led athletic chapel.
References
External links
Oral Roberts Golden Eagles bio
1997 births
Living people
Basketball players from Texas
B.S. Leiden players
Dutch Basketball League players
Dutch expatriate basketball people in the United States
Dutch men's basketball players
Oral Roberts Golden Eagles men's basketball players
Power forwards (basketball)
Sportspeople from The Hague
Round ligament pain (RLP) is pain associated with the round ligament of the uterus, usually during pregnancy. RLP is one of the most common discomforts of pregnancy and usually starts at the second trimester of gestation and continues until delivery. It usually resolves completely after delivery although cases of postpartum RLP (that is, RLP that persisted for a few days after delivery) have been reported. RLP also occurs in nonpregnant women.
The round ligament of the uterus goes from the pelvis, passes through the internal abdominal ring, and runs along the inguinal canal to the labia majora. It is the structure that holds the uterus suspended inside the abdominal cavity. There are at least 2 other round ligaments in the human body, the round ligament of the liver (ligamentum teres hepatis) and the round ligament of the head of the femur (ligamentum teres femoris).
Symptoms
The most common symptoms of RLP are:
Sudden pain in the lower abdomen, usually in the right side of the pelvic area that can extend to the groin.
Shooting abdominal pain when performing sudden movements or physical exercise. Pain is sudden, intermittent and lasts only for a few seconds.
Causes
The pathogenesis of RLP is varied. Although very common during pregnancy, non-gestating women can also experience RLP. The most common causes of RLP are as follows:
RLP may be caused by a spasm or cramp when the ligament contracts involuntarily. The ligament pulls on nerve fibers and sensitive structures of the female reproductive system. Since the uterus tends to be oriented towards the right side of the body, the pain is also often felt on the right side. This leads to frequent confusion with appendicitis.
During pregnancy, the uterus expands to accommodate the growing fetus. This increase in size and weight of the uterus puts stress on the ligament that holds it, causing it to stretch. During physical exertion or sudden movements, the ligament is overly stretched, causing pain.
Varicosities, e.g. enlargement of the blood vessels of the round ligament can occur during pregnancy, causing pain and swelling. The varicocoele starts at the veins draining the round ligament and the inguinal canal and is associated with engorgement of the veins of the ovaries and the pelvis during pregnancy.
Endometriosis that infiltrates or borders the uterine round ligament can cause RLP in fertile, non-gestating women.
Other pathologies that involve the uterine round ligament can cause RLP.
Diagnosis
Abdominal pains during pregnancy may be due to various pathologies. RLP is one of the most common and benign of these pains. However, diagnosis of RLP is problematic. Some of the conditions that may present symptoms similar to those of RLP are appendicitis, ectopic pregnancy, kidney stones, urinary tract infection, uterine contractions, inguinal hernia, ovarian cysts, and endometriosis. If abdominal pain is continuous and accompanied by vaginal bleeding, excessive vaginal discharge, fever, chills, or vomiting, then it is most unlikely to be RLP and immediate consultation with a health care provider is warranted.
Physical examination, ultrasonography, and blood and urine tests may be able to pinpoint the actual cause of abdominal pain. In some cases, however, RLP was only diagnosed during exploratory surgery.
Case reports
In many cases, RLP is confused with other conditions that cause abdominal pain. Described below are some problematic diagnoses related to RLP.
RLP and appendicitis
A 22-year-old pregnant woman presenting abdominal pains was initially diagnosed with RLP and was discharged. Subsequent symptoms and further tests revealed acute non-perforated appendicitis that required surgery. Appendectomy was successful but premature labor occurred 7 days after discharge, leading to spontaneous abortion.
RLP and inguinal hernia
Several cases of varicosity, of the round ligament during pregnancy leading to RLP have been reported although they were frequently misdiagnosed as inguinal hernia.
In one case, a woman in the 28th week of gestation developed a lump in the left pubic area. The swelling was prominent when standing but not in the supine position and has a cough impulse. Ultrasonography revealed varicosities on the uterine round ligament.
In another case, a woman at 22 weeks gestation was diagnosed with inguinal hernia and underwent surgery. Explorative surgery did not locate a hernia but revealed varicosities of the round ligament. Resection of the uterine ligament was successfully performed and no perinatal and postpartum complications were reported.
Postpartum RLP
Several cases of postpartum RLP have been reported. In one case, a 27-year-old woman presented with abdominal pain 24 hours after normal vaginal delivery. Another case was that of a 29-year-old woman who presented with RLP 3 days after delivery. In both cases, initial diagnosis was inguinal hernia. In the first case, emergency surgery did not locate any hernia but found the round ligament of the uterus to be edematous and filled with thrombosed varicose veins. The thrombosed part was excised and the patient recovered without sequelae.
Another case report described a 37-year-old woman presenting with inguinal mass 6 days after normal vaginal delivery. CT and MRI revealed thrombosed blood vessels along the inguinal course of the uterine round ligament that extended towards the labia majora.
RLP and endometriosis
Several cases of inguinal endometriosis, that infiltrates the round ligament of the uterus have been reported in fertile, non-pregnant women. In the majority of these cases, diagnosis was problematic. In some cases, definitive diagnosis of round ligament endometriosis was only possible during exploratory surgery.
RLP and myoma
Cases of myoma-like growth occurring on the uterine round ligament have been reported.
RLP and IVF
Gonadotropin stimulation during in vitro fertilization can induce cyst development in certain parts of the female reproductive system. A case report documented the development of a mesothelial cyst on the uterine round ligament of a woman after IVF stimulation.
Treatment
Once RLP has been diagnosed, there are many ways to reduce the pain without jeopardizing the pregnancy.
Analgesics. Acetaminophen or paracetamol is safe to take during pregnancy, thus is the most commonly prescribed pain reliever for pregnant women with RLP.
Heat application. Applying a hot compress to the area of pain may give some relief. Hot soaks and hot baths may also help.
Modifications in movements and position. Triggering factors that can cause RLP are sudden movements, (e.g. sitting up and down, standing up, sneezing, coughing), physical exertion, and long periods in the same resting position. A change in daily activities can help find relief and prevent worsening of the condition. Avoid sudden movements that can cause spasms of the ligament. When about to sneeze or cough, brace yourself by bending and flexing the hips to minimize the pull on the ligaments.
Rest. Resting is one of the best remedies against RLP. When lying down, changing position slowly and regularly is recommended.
Physical exercises. Daily stretching exercise may be recommended by a gynecologist. An example of such an exercise is kneeling with hands and knees on the floor, then lowering your head to the floor, and keeping your bottom up in the air. The so-called pelvic (hip) tilt exercise also appears to help in reducing pain intensity and duration.
Surgery. In RLP pathologies involving endometriosis and ademyosis, surgery may be necessary to perform resection of the ligament or removal cysts and myoma.
References
Gynaecologic disorders
Marco Zanon (born 6 May 1956) is an Italian biathlete. They competed in the 20 km individual event at the 1984 Winter Olympics.
References
External links
1956 births
Living people
Italian male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of Italy
Biathletes at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Trentino
Tweener may refer to:
In sports:
A shot in racket sports that is performed by hitting the ball between the legs:
Tweener (tennis)
Tweener (pickleball)
Tweener, a basketball player able to play two different positions
Tweener, a professional wrestler portrayed as morally neutral or ambiguous
Tweener, a bowler whose bowling form falls between accurate stroking and powerful cranking
Tweener racket, a mid-size, mid-weight tennis racket for intermediate players
Other:
Tweener (age group)
"Tweener", the 9th episode from season 1 of Prison Break
David "Tweener" Apolskis, a character from the U.S. television series Prison Break
See also
Tween (disambiguation)
Inbetweening
Otayf is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Abdullah Otayf (born 1992), Saudi Arabian footballer
Ali Otayf (born 1988), Saudi Arabian footballer
Arabic-language surnames
The 1962 Christchurch mayoral election was part of the New Zealand local elections held that same year. In 1962, election were held for the Mayor of Christchurch plus other local government positions. The polling was conducted using the standard first-past-the-post electoral method.
Background
Sitting mayor George Manning was re-elected for a third term, greatly increasing their majority against deputy mayor Harold Smith. There was a large swing to the Labour Party on the city council as well, with Labour gaining seven of the nineteen council seats.
Mayoralty results
The following table gives the election results:
Councillor results
References
Mayoral elections in Christchurch
1962 elections in New Zealand
Politics of Christchurch
October 1962 events in New Zealand
1960s in Christchurch
Coconut shrimp is a shrimp dish prepared using shrimp and coconut as primary ingredients. It can be prepared as a crunchy dish with the shrimp coated and deep fried, pan-fried or baked, and as a sautéed dish using coconut milk and other ingredients. It can be prepared and served on skewers.
Crunchy
Crunchy coconut shrimp is typically prepared using shrimp that are coated with flour, placed in an egg wash, coated with a flaked coconut and bread crumb mix, and then deep fried. The shrimp can be butterflied prior to being coated. Panko bread crumbs or standard bread crumbs can be used, as can a mixture of both. Chopped nuts such as macadamia and almond can be used as additional ingredients to coat the shrimp.
This version of the dish can also be baked, pan-fried, or grilled, rather than deep-fried. Baked versions may have fewer calories and fat compared to deep-fried versions. After cooking, the shrimp have a crunchy texture. It may be served with various dipping sauces, such as sweet and sour sauce, peach sauce, apricot sauce, sweet chili sauce, and marmalade, among others. It can be served with lime wedges, and lime zest can be used as an ingredient in the dish.
Crunchy coconut shrimp can be served as an appetizer or as a main course. It is a common menu item at seafood restaurants and is a popular dish at tiki bars in the Caribbean and the Florida Keys.
Coconut-milk based
Coconut shrimp is also prepared as a sautéed or stir-fried dish using coconut milk as an ingredient. This version of the dish may be served atop rice. Additional ingredients can include onion, garlic, tomatoes, parsley, and various spices.
Skewered
Coconut shrimp prepared using coconut milk can be prepared kebab-style on skewers and may include marinating the shrimp in the coconut milk and other ingredients prior to cooking. Additional foods, such as pineapple, may be placed on the skewers. This dish can be cooked by grilling or in a pan and may also be accompanied with various dipping sauces.
See also
Ginataang hipon
Pininyahang hipon
List of deep fried foods
List of shrimp dishes
Fried shrimp
References
External links
Shrimp dishes
Foods containing coconut
Deep fried foods
Calamus–Wheatland Community School District is a public school district headquartered in Wheatland, Iowa.
Most of the district is in Clinton County with a portion in Scott County. The district serves Wheatland, Calamus, and Toronto.
Schools
Calamus–Wheatland Elementary Attendance Center
Calamus–Wheatland High School.
History
The district was established on July 1, 1990, by the merger of the Calamus and Wheatland school districts.
References
External links
Calamus–Wheatland Community School District
School districts in Iowa
Education in Clinton County, Iowa
Education in Scott County, Iowa
1990 establishments in Iowa
School districts established in 1990
Johnny Apollo is a 1940 American film noir crime film directed by Henry Hathaway and starring Tyrone Power and Dorothy Lamour.
Plot
Bob Cain, Jr.'s stockbroker father, "Pop" Cain, is sentenced to prison for embezzlement of funds. Up until this time, the two were close, but Bob falls out with Pop over this situation and quits college to look for a job.  They are unable to find one due to their father's notoriety. They find work when they decide to use an alias, but is fired when this is discovered.
Later, gangster Mickey Dwyer, sentenced on the same day as Pop, is granted parole. Bob, disgusted with their father's lawyer, goes to see Dwyer's attorney, an old former judge named Emmett T. Brennan. Waiting outside Brennan's apartment, Bob, calling themselves Johnny, meets the gangster's girlfriend, Lucky Dubarry. They chat and they are immediately attracted to him. Brennan arrives. Lucky pretends they know Bob, and he, not wanting to disclose their identify at all, when asked by Brennan tells them both their full name is Johnny Apollo (taking the surname from the neon sign marquee visible through the window on the dance-club across the street). Lucky leaves, and Bob inquires of Brennan how to get Pop paroled. With money, they are told.
Dwyer arrives and asks about Johnny. Brennan 'vouches' for him. Dwyer, not wanting to be anywhere near police, asks Bob to go bail out one of their crew, offering a hundred dollars to Bob. Bob accepts the task.
Soon, Dwyer offers Apollo employment. Apollo decides to work for the gangster to raise the dough they need. They commit various criminal acts (not shown). After accumulating much money, Bob visits their father in prison. They reconcile, and Bob talks of a forthcoming parole, so Pop is happy. But after they leaf, their father discovers from a guard that their son, 'Johnny Apollo', is now a criminal, and a disgusted Pop Cain wants nothing to do with him.
Brennan attempts to make a deal for Dwyer, offering the district attorney evidence on all of their crew, if all pending charges against Dwyer are dropped. The D.A. does not accept, but counteroffers: they will drop all pending charges against Apollo, in exchange for evidence on Dwyer. Brennan accepts, knowing Apollo is essentially a good man, and that Lucky is in love with him. They hand over damning evidence on Dwyer.
In retaliation, Dwyer murders Brennan. Bob, unaware and not believing Dwyer could murder the judge, with whom they were good friends, alibis Dwyer. Both they and Dwyer are sent to prison, using Brennan's evidence, the D.A. ignoring the deal they had with Brennan, due to Bob's recalcitrant attitude. A jailbreak is set in motion, but Lucky is able to sneak word of it to Pop, who prevents their son from getting involved. An angry Dwyer shoots Pop and knocks out Bob, but is then killed by guards.
Bob is blamed and faces a longer sentence, perhaps even execution. Pop recovers, however, and alibis their son. Bob's future looks brighter, particularly with Lucky on the outside, waiting for him.
Cast
Tyrone Power as Bob Cain
Dorothy Lamour as 'Lucky' Dubarry
Edward Arnold as Robert Cain Sr.
Lloyd Nolan as Mickey Dwyer
Charley Grapewin as Judge Emmett T. Brennan
Lionel Atwill as Jim McLaughlin
Marc Lawrence as Bates
Jonathan Hale as Dr. Brown
Harry Rosenthal as Piano Player
Russell Hicks as District Attorney
Fuzzy Knight as Cellmate
Charles Lane as Assistant District Attorney
Selmer Jackson as Warden (as Selmar Jackson)
Charles Trowbridge as Judge
John Hamilton as Judge
William Pawley as Paul
Eric Wilton as Butler
Gary Breckner as Announcer
Harry Tyler as Trusty
George Irving as Mr. Ives
Eddie Marr as Harry - Henchman
Anthony Caruso as Joe - Henchman
Stanley Andrews as Welfare Secretary
Wally Albright as Office Boy
Production
Lamour sings (no voice-overs) several songs in the film, including the 1938 hit song "They Say" by Edward Heyman, Paul Mann and Stephen Weiss. Miss Lamour also dances in nightclub scenes.
Quotes
"I'm leaving town".
"Where to?".
"As far as 20 bucks and a mink coat will take me".
External links
1940 films
Films directed by Henry Hathaway
American black-and-white films
American crime drama films
1940 romantic drama films
20th Century Fox films
1940 crime drama films
American romantic drama films
Films with screenplays by Philip Dunne
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
Senator Elliott may refer to:
Chris Elliott (politician), Alabama State Senate
Dick Elliott (politician) (1935–2014), South Carolina State Senate
Douglas Hemphill Elliott (1921–1960), Pennsylvania State Senate
James T. Elliott (1823–1875), Arkansas State Senate
Jim Elliott (born 1942), Montana State Senate
John Elliott (Georgia politician) (1773–1827), U.S. Senator from Georgia from 1819 to 1825
Joyce Elliott (born 1951), Arkansas State Senate
Robert Elliott (Victorian politician) (1884–1950), Australian Senate for Victoria
See also
Samuel Atkins Eliot (politician) (1798–1862), Massachusetts State Senate
Thomas D. Eliot (1808–1870), Massachusetts State Senate
The Democratic Alliance (Greek language: Δημοκρατική Συμμαχία — ΔΗ.ΣΥ., Dimokratiki Symmachia — DISY) was a centrist neoliberal political party in Greece. It was founded on 21 November 2010 by Dora Bakoyannis, a few months after they were expelled from the centre-right party New Democracy for voting in support of a European Union-International Monetary Fund backed financial stability loan. The party's founding congress took place on 27 May 2011.
On 21 May 2012 the party rejoined New Democracy.
Representation
The party had one MEP in the European Parliament (defected from ND):
Theodoros Skylakakis
Political positions
As outlined in its founding declaration, the Democratic Alliance defines itself politically as a centrist movement that is ideologically inspired by the anthropocentric values of humanism, the rational thought and personal freedom brought forth by the Enlightenment, as well as the economic, political and social freedom of liberalism as an underpinning for social justice. It is also influenced by the 19th and 20th century struggles for social solidarity in Europe. Some of the positions advocated by the party are:
A drastic reduction in taxation, by instituting a 20% flat tax. This tax rate would not apply to people with really low incomes, as it would be complemented by a system that replaces the currently existing tax cuts with negative taxation.
A reduction in the number of civil servants and the abolition of tenure, for those hired from now on, that would allow the government to function with 2/3 of its current workforce. This would be coupled with increased salaries, for those that remain, that would be pinned on performance evaluations.
A law that would force trade union leaders themselves to work.
Introducing the requirement of secret ballot voting for all decisions of strike action.
Introducing a coupon-based system of education.
Electoral results
Parliament
References
External links
Democratic Alliance's website
Liberal parties in Greece
Political parties established in 2010
2010 establishments in Greece
Centrist parties in Greece
For the Love of Benji is a 1977 family film, directed and written by Joe Camp. It is the sequel to the original film, featuring Benji, and the second film in the Benji series, released on June 10, 1977. It is the first Benji film to star Benjean, Higgins' daughter.
Plot
In Athens, Greece, a secret agent named Stelios goes to an outdoor café where the waiter gives them newspapers and a package. The newspapers reveal that a German scientist is missing in Greece and the package contains a photo of the dog Benji with their family. Meanwhile, in the U.S., Benji's family arrives at an airport, on their way to the island of Crete in Greece. The children, Paul and Cindy, worry about their dogs, Benji and Tiffany, as they are placed in travel carriers. Cindy tells the airline representative that Tiffany has a “condition.” While waiting to check-in, Mary learns that the man behind them in line, Chandler Dietrich, is also headed to Crete. Dietrich then sneaks into the employee-only luggage area, snatches Benji's carrier off a conveyor belt, drugs the dog, and imprints a code on their paw. Upon arrival in Crete, Dietrich befriends Mary, while the family learns that Benji and Tiffany missed the connecting flight from Athens. Stelios lurks in the background, watching.
At the Athens airport, Benji and Tiffany are in their carriers, stored in a luggage room. When a worker inadvertently lets Benji escape, they and a British couple, Ronald and Elizabeth, chase the dog through the airport and across a runway, but Benji flees into the city. As they wander the streets of Athens, Benji mistakes another family for their own. After several near collisions with cars, Benji retreats into ancient ruins. There, they see a stray dog gnawing a bone. The other dog will not share their food, so Benji returns to the city streets. In a marketplace, Benji steals a string of sausages, and returns to the ruins to share them with the stray dog, thus making a new friend.
The next day, Benji returns to the marketplace, but the police capture him. Ronald and Elizabeth, claim the dog and take them to their home. Hearing a knock at the door and Ronald takes Benji upstairs as Elizabeth stalls their visitor, Stelios, who poses as a representative of Olympic Airways, and sends Stelios away. Soon, Mary comes to the house in search of Benji and the dog hears their voice from upstairs. As they leaf, Benji barks at Mary from the window, but a passing truck drowns out the sound. So Benji climbs outside, slides down an awning and chases their taxi. Meanwhile, Dietrich pursues Benji in a sports car, but loses him. Alone again, Benji wanders to a hotel, where they spot Mary, Paul, and Cindy, but runs away when they see Dietrich. Procuring a Doberman, Dietrich tracks Benji to the ruins. Sometime later, in the city, a butcher feeds Benji in their shop. Benji takes a nap, but is awakened by the Doberman barking. When Dietrich enters the shop, Benji springs from a cupboard and escapes.
After spending the night in the ruins, Benji stakes out their family's hotel, but they are chased away by the doorman. Returning to the butcher's shop, Benji sees their friend talking to Stelios, but before Benji can get their attention, Dietrich grabs the dog at gunpoint. However, Stelios and the butcher release the Doberman, whom Dietrich tied up outside the shop, and Stelios follows the Doberman to find Dietrich and Benji. As the Doberman leaps at Dietrich, Benji escapes once more. The Doberman chases Benji to the ruins, but the stray dog chases them away. Benji then returns to the hotel, sneaks inside on a luggage cart, and reunites with their family. However, Stelios arrives to announce that they have to take Benji away for a few days. Before Stelios can explain, Dietrich hits the man over the head with a gun, knocking them out. Dietrich then tells the family that they are a U.S. agent who must take Benji because the dog holds the key to important information. Instructing Mary to call the police and hold Stelios at gunpoint, Dietrich leaves with Benji. Stelios awakens and tells Mary that Dietrich is an impostor. The real Dietrich was found murdered in New Jersey and that this man is impersonating them for their own gain. Stelios explains they are a real secret agent, not Dietrich, and they have orders to save the life of a top scientist and to preserve a project of worldwide significance. Mary is reluctant to believe him, though.
Meanwhile, the man pretending to be Dietrich takes Benji to a yacht, where Ronald and Elizabeth are waiting. When the couple accuses the impostor of trying to double-cross them, they knock them unconscious. As Benji escapes, the impostor Dietrich pursues the dog back to the hotel, which is now surrounded by police. Seeing that the impostor is holding Cindy at gunpoint in the car, Benji rushes at the man, knocks the gun to the ground, and rescues Cindy, as the police arrest the impostor.
Sometime later, Paul and Cindy play with Benji on a beach. Stelios explains to Mary that the impostor Dietrich used Benji to smuggle the coordinates for a meeting with a German scientist, who had created a formula for turning one barrel of oil into ten or twelve. The charlatan aimed to steal the formula and sell it to the highest bidder. Benji proudly looks upon a basket of puppies, the result of Tiffany's “condition.”
Cast
Benjean as Benji
Patsy Garrett as Mary
Cynthia Smith as Cindy Chapman
Allen Fiuzat as Paul Chapman
Tiffany as White Dog
Ed Nelson as Chandler Dietrich
Peter Bowles as Ronald
Art Vasil as Stelios
Bridget Armstrong as Elizabeth
Reception
Film critic Lawrence Van Gelder of The New York Times finds the movie to be the adventures of Benji in Athens. They state: "As dog stars go, Benji can cock their head with the best of them".
References
External links
Official web site of Benji and Joe Camp
1977 films
1977 comedy-drama films
Films about dogs
American sequel films
American comedy-drama films
Films set in Athens
Films shot in Greece
Benji
American children's films
Films directed by Joe Camp
Films scored by Euel Box
1970s English-language films
1970s American films
Wilków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Werbkowice, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
A statue of Luis Barragán is installed along the Rotonda de los Jaliscienses Ilustres, in Centro, Guadalajara, in the Mexican state of Jalisco.
References
External links
Outdoor sculptures in Guadalajara
Rotonda de los Jaliscienses Ilustres
Sculptures of men in Mexico
Statues in Jalisco
Caroline "Carrie" Starr Balestier Kipling (December 31, 1862 – December 19, 1939) was the American-born wife of Rudyard Kipling and the custodian of their literary legacy after their death in 1936.
Balestier was born in Rochester, New York, to a prominent local family with a reputation for being unconventional. Them paternal grandfather, whose ancestors were from Martinique, was a founder of the Century Association; their maternal grandfather was E. Peshine Smith, who with Commodore Perry completed commercial negotiations with Japan.
Balestier met Kipling via their brother Wolcott Balestier who had co-authored The Naulahka with Kipling. Balestier had come to London to keep house for their brother and serve as hostess for him. They taught Kipling how to use a typewriter. When Wolcott Balestier died suddenly of typhoid in 1891, Kipling was distraught and spent time with Miss Balestier, proposing to them via telegram and marrying them a week later. The couple were married in London on January 18, 1892. The bride was given away by Henry James who exclaimed "It's a union of which I don't forecast the future."
The Kiplings had planned a round-the-world trip for their honeymoon but Kipling's bank failed, causing them to relocate to Balestier's family residence in Brattleboro, Vermont. Once the Kiplings built the family house, Naulakha, Rudyard Kipling would write in an office that could only be accessed via Carrie Kipling's own office, where they would maintain their correspondence and manage the household accounts. The Kiplings left the United States in 1896 after Rudyard Kipling and Caroline's brother Beatty had an altercation over money.
The Kiplings eventually settled in England, in rural Burwash in the country of Sussex. They purchased Bateman's, a grand house that had been built in 1634.
Bateman's was Carrie Kipling's home from 1902 until their death in 1939.
References
External links
Rudyard Kipling Papers and other Kipling related collections at The Keep, University of Sussex
1862 births
1939 deaths
Family of Rudyard Kipling
People from Rochester, New York
American expatriates in England
American people of Martiniquais descent
Southwestern College is a public community college in Chula Vista, California. Founded in 1961, Southwestern College serves approximately 19,000 students annually.
History
Current enrollment at all locations exceeds 19,000 students.
Of the more than 1,100 community colleges nationwide, Southwestern College consistently places in the top 100 in the number of associate degrees conferred. The college mascot is the Jaguar, changed from an Apache amid local and national concerns about using Native American peoples as mascots.
Academics
The campus is a feeder school for students hoping to transfer to the two local public universities, University of California, San Diego and San Diego State University, and also many other private institutions.
Athletics
Southwestern College is in the Pacific Coast Athletic Conference and competes in 11 sports which include:
Baseball
Basketball
Football
Cross Country
Soccer
Softball
Tennis
Track and Field
Water Polo
Volleyball
Swim and Dive
Southwestern College's football stadium hosts Bonita Vista High School's football games.
The campus has many state of the art athletic facilities including:
artificial turf football field
- artificial turf half football field
baseball stadium
- dirt track
- soccer field
- softball field
- Football stadium with weight room looking over the field
- brand-new indoor swimming pool
- basketball gym
- Five full-size tennis courts
During the week and weekends these fields double as youth soccer fields from ages 6–18.
Notable alumni
Brian Bilbray, former Congressman
Ammar Campa-Najjar (born 1989), Democratic politician
John Fox, professional football coach
John Jaso, professional baseball player
Dan La Botz, Socialist activist/politician, historian, labor leader
Ogemdi Nwagbuo, professional football player
Ookay, singer and DJ
Rafael Peralta, Navy Cross recipient
Oliver Ross, professional football player
J. Michael Straczynski, writer and television producer
Julieta Venegas, singer
Yvonne Venegas, photographer
Tom Waits, singer, songwriter, musician
Dominik Mysterio, professional wrestler
References
External links
Official website
California Community Colleges
Universities and colleges in San Diego County, California
Education in Chula Vista, California
South Bay (San Diego County)
Educational institutions established in 1961
1961 establishments in California
Schools accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges
Two-year colleges in the United States
James "Jim" M. McGarrah is the chief of staff at the Georgia Tech Research Institute. They were previously director of the Information and Communications Laboratory at the Georgia Tech Research Institute and is a retired officer of the United States Navy Reserve.
Early life and education
McGarrah attended Francis C. Hammond High School in Alexandria, Virginia, graduating in 1969.
McGarrah graduated from the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland with a Bachelor of Science in mechanical engineering in 1973. They also hold a Master of Arts in human resource management from Pepperdine University in 1978 and a Master of Science in mechanical engineering from the Georgia Institute of Technology in 1979. While at Georgia Tech, they took a job as a graduate teaching assistant.
Navy
In 1973, McGarrah received their naval commission, and served in the United States Navy and the United States Navy Reserve for a total of 33 years. From 1973 to 1976, they served on the USS Belknap (CG-26) as Electronic Warfare Officer and Damage Control Assistant, and on the USS Hoist (ARS-40) after the Belknaps collision with the John F. Kennedy in 1975.
In 2003, they were nominated for promotion from rear admiral (lower half) to rear admiral.
On July 9, 2004, when McGarrah was a rear admiral, the Secretary of the Navy, Gordon R. England, appointed them the Director of the Office for the Administrative Review of the Detention of Enemy Combatants (OARDEC).
McGarrah testified before the Senate Judiciary Committee about the Combatant Status Review Tribunals (CSRT), held in the Guantanamo Bay detainment camps, in Cuba, from July 2004 to March 2005. McGarrah testified that, to take into account the concerns of United States Supreme Court rulings the CSRT were modelled after Army Regulations 190-8 (Enemy Prisoners of War, Retained Personnel, Civilian Internees and Other Detainees), subchapter 1–6, Tribunals.
While they were in the military, they were awarded the Defense Distinguished Service Medal, the Legion of Merit, the Bronze Star Medal, two Meritorious Service Medals, three Navy and Marine Corps Commendation Medals, and a Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal. Since September 2009, McGarrah has been the Georgia Chair of the Employer Support of the Guard and Reserve.
Industry
McGarrah spent 24 years working for the telecommunications industry, primarily for Southern Bell, BellSouth and Cingular Wireless.
McGarrah came to the Georgia Tech Research Institute in November 2008, taking the position of director of the Information Technology and Telecommunications Laboratory (ITTL). They were instrumental in the split of that lab into the GTRI Information and Communications Laboratory and the GTRI Cyber Technology and Information Security Laboratory.
As of May 1, 2013, McGarrah will be GTRI's Chief of Staff, an ambassador / spokesperson role.
References
External links
James M. McGarrah at LinkedIn
1951 births
Living people
Georgia Tech Research Institute people
United States Naval Academy alumni
Georgia Tech alumni
Pepperdine University alumni
United States Navy admirals
United States Navy personnel of the Iraq War
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
Recipients of the Defense Distinguished Service Medal
United States Navy reservists
Leaf warblers are small insectivorous passerine birds belonging to the genus Phylloscopus.
Leaf warblers were formerly included in the Old World warbler family but are now considered belonging to the family Phylloscopidae, introduced in 2006. The family originally included the genus Seicercus, but all species have been moved to Phylloscopus in the most recent classification. Leaf warblers are active, constantly moving, often flicking their wings as they glean the foliage for insects along the branches of trees and bushes. They forage at various levels within forests, from the top canopy to the understorey. Most of the species are markedly territorial both in their summer and winter quarters. Most are greenish or brownish above and off-white or yellowish below. Compared to some other "warblers", their songs are very simple. Species breeding in temperate regions are usually strongly migratory.
Description
The species are of various sizes, often green-plumaged above and yellow below, or more subdued with greyish-green to greyish-brown colours, varying little or not at all with the seasons. The tails are not very long and contain 12 feathers (unlike the similar Abroscopus species, which have 10 tail feathers). Many species are more easily identified by their distinctive songs than their dull plumage. These are very small passerines with adult body masses that can vary from and in some cases, such as the Chinese leaf warbler, are among the lightest passerines anywhere. Several of the larger species are similar in size including the large-billed leaf warbler, Radde's warbler and the pale-legged leaf warbler. Total length can vary from .
Distribution and habitat
Its members occur in Eurasia, ranging into Wallacea and Africa with one species, the Arctic warbler, breeding as far east as Alaska. Many of the species breed at temperate and high latitudes in Eurasia and migrate substantial distances to winter in southeastern Asia, India, or Africa. One example is Tickell's leaf warbler, which breeds in scrub at high elevation in the Himalayas and on the Tibetan Plateau and then moves down-slope and south to winter in the Himalayan foothills of India and Burma. Most live in forest and scrub and many are canopy or sub-canopy dwellers.
Behavior and ecology
The family Phylloscopidae comprises many small tree-loving warbler species that feed by gleaning insects from leaves or catching food on the wing.
Taxonomy
The genus Phylloscopus was introduced by the German zoologist Friedrich Boie in 1826 to accommodate a single species, the willow warbler, which is therefore considered as the type species. The name combines the Ancient Greek phullon meaning "leaf" and skopos meaning "seeker" (from skopeo, "to watch"). Phylloscopus is the only genus placed in the family Phylloscopidae that was introduced in 2006 by the Swedish ornithologist Per Alström and coworkers.
The genus contains 81 species: Of these, eleven species were formerly placed in the genus Seicercus, but a 2018 molecular phylogeny study indicated that the genus Seicercus is a synonym of Phylloscopus, leaving the family Phylloscopidae with a single genus, Phylloscopus.
Wood warbler, Phylloscopus sibilatrix
Western Bonelli's warbler, Phylloscopus bonelli
Eastern Bonelli's warbler, Phylloscopus orientalis
Buff-barred warbler, Phylloscopus pulcher
Ashy-throated warbler, Phylloscopus maculipennis
Hume's leaf warbler, Phylloscopus humei
Yellow-browed warbler, Phylloscopus inornatus
Brooks's leaf warbler, Phylloscopus subviridis
Chinese leaf warbler, Phylloscopus yunnanensis
Lemon-rumped warbler, Phylloscopus chloronotus
Sichuan leaf warbler, Phylloscopus forresti
Gansu leaf warbler, Phylloscopus kansuensis
Pallas's leaf warbler, Phylloscopus proregulus
Tytler's leaf warbler, Phylloscopus tytleri
Yellow-streaked warbler, Phylloscopus armandii
Radde's warbler, Phylloscopus schwarzi
Sulphur-bellied warbler, Phylloscopus griseolus
Tickell's leaf warbler, Phylloscopus affinis (includes the Alpine leaf warbler, P. a. occisinensis)
Smoky warbler, Phylloscopus fuligiventer
Dusky warbler, Phylloscopus fuscatus
Plain leaf warbler, Phylloscopus neglectus
Buff-throated warbler, Phylloscopus subaffinis
Willow warbler, Phylloscopus trochilus
Mountain chiffchaff, Phylloscopus sindianus
Canary Islands chiffchaff, Phylloscopus canariensis
Eastern Canary Islands chiffchaff, Phylloscopus canariensis exsul (extinct: 1986?)
Western Canary Islands chiffchaff, Phylloscopus canariensis canariensis
Common chiffchaff, Phylloscopus collybita
Iberian chiffchaff, Phylloscopus brehmii
Eastern crowned warbler, Phylloscopus coronatus
Ijima's leaf warbler, Phylloscopus ijimae
Philippine leaf warbler, Phylloscopus olivaceus
Lemon-throated leaf warbler, Phylloscopus cebuensis
Yellow-throated woodland warbler, Phylloscopus ruficapilla
Brown woodland warbler, Phylloscopus umbrovirens
Red-faced woodland warbler, Phylloscopus laetus
Laura's woodland warbler, Phylloscopus laurae
Black-capped woodland warbler, Phylloscopus herberti
Uganda woodland warbler, Phylloscopus budongoensis
White-spectacled warbler, Phylloscopus intermedius – (previously Seicercus affinis)
Grey-cheeked warbler, Phylloscopus poliogenys – (previously placed in Seicercus)
Green-crowned warbler, Phylloscopus burkii – (previously placed in Seicercus)
Grey-crowned warbler, Phylloscopus tephrocephalus – (previously placed in Seicercus)
Whistler's warbler, Phylloscopus whistleri – (previously placed in Seicercus)
Bianchi's warbler, Phylloscopus valentini – (previously placed in Seicercus)
Alström's warbler, Phylloscopus soror – (first described in 1999; previously placed in Seicercus)
Martens's warbler, Phylloscopus omeiensis – (first described in 1999; previously placed in Seicercus)
Green warbler, Phylloscopus nitidus
Two-barred warbler, Phylloscopus plumbeitarsus
Greenish warbler, Phylloscopus trochiloides
Emei leaf warbler, Phylloscopus emeiensis
Large-billed leaf warbler, Phylloscopus magnirostris
Sakhalin leaf warbler, Phylloscopus borealoides
Pale-legged leaf warbler, Phylloscopus tenellipes
Japanese leaf warbler, Phylloscopus xanthodryas
Kamchatka leaf warbler, Phylloscopus examinandus
Arctic warbler, Phylloscopus borealis
Chestnut-crowned warbler, Phylloscopus castaniceps – (previously placed in Seicercus)
Sunda warbler, Phylloscopus grammiceps – (previously placed in Seicercus)
Yellow-breasted warbler, Phylloscopus montis – (previously placed in Seicercus)
Limestone leaf warbler, Phylloscopus calciatilis – (first described in 2010)
Sulphur-breasted warbler, Phylloscopus ricketti
Yellow-vented warbler, Phylloscopus cantator
Western crowned warbler, Phylloscopus occipitalis
Blyth's leaf warbler, Phylloscopus reguloides
Claudia's leaf warbler, Phylloscopus claudiae
Hartert's leaf warbler, Phylloscopus goodsoni
Kloss's leaf warbler, Phylloscopus ogilviegranti – (formerly considered as a subspecies of Davison's leaf warbler)
Hainan leaf warbler, Phylloscopus hainanus
Davison's leaf warbler, Phylloscopus intensior – (previously white-tailed leaf warbler, Phylloscopus davisoni)
Grey-hooded warbler, Phylloscopus xanthoschistos
Mountain leaf warbler, Phylloscopus trivirgatus
Negros leaf warbler, Phylloscopus nigrorum
Timor leaf warbler, Phylloscopus presbytes
Flores leaf warbler, Phylloscopus floresianus – (formerly considered as a subspecies of the Timor leaf warbler)
Rote leaf warbler, Phylloscopus rotiensis (first described in 2018)
Makira leaf warbler, Phylloscopus makirensis
Sulawesi leaf warbler, Phylloscopus nesophilus – (formerly considered as a subspecies of Lompobattang leaf warbler)
Lompobattang leaf warbler, Phylloscopus sarasinorum
Kolombangara leaf warbler, Phylloscopus amoenus
Island leaf warbler, Phylloscopus poliocephalus
Numfor leaf warbler, Phylloscopus maforensis
Biak leaf warbler, Phylloscopus misoriensis
Two birds were described in 2020 but have not yet been recognised as species by the International Ornithologists' Union.
Peleng leaf warbler, Phylloscopus suaramerdu
Taliabu leaf warbler, Phylloscopus emilsalimi
The alpine leaf warbler, Phylloscopus occisinensis, was reclassified as conspecific with Tickell's leaf warbler (P. affinis) by the IOC, but other authorities such as eBird still consider it distinct.
References
Further reading
Badyaev, Alexander V. & Leaf, Elizabeth S. (1997): "Habitat associations of song characteristics in Phylloscopus and Hippolais warblers". Auk 114(1): 40–46.
External links
Leaf warbler videos on the Internet Bird Collection
Taxa named by Friedrich Boie
Athletics at the 1963 Mediterranean Games were held in Naples, Italy.
Results
Medal table
References
External links
Complete 1963 Mediterranean Games Standings
Med
Athletics
1963
"Bam" is a song by American hip hop artist Jay-Z from their thirteenth studio album, 4:44 (2017). The song samples Sister Nancy's "Bam Bam". It charted in the United States and United Kingdom in 2017.
Background
The song includes a sample of "Bam Bam" by Jamaican musician Sister Nancy, which fellow rapper Kanye West had previously sampled on their single "Famous". In response to Jay-Z sampling their work, Sister Nancy said: "It's a blessing."
Charts
Release history
References
2017 singles
2017 songs
Damian Marley songs
Jay-Z songs
Song recordings produced by No I.D.
Songs written by Jay-Z
Songs written by No I.D.
Songs written by Damian Marley
George Kenneth Robert McKinley (born 3 November 1993) is a cricketer from Larne, Northern Ireland, who has played at Larne Grammar School, Larne town and Ballymena, then at first-class level for Loughborough MCC University. They debuted for them during the 2015 English season, having earlier played for the Ireland national under-19 side.
They made their List A debut for Northern Knights in the 2017 Inter-Provincial Cup on 29 May 2017. They made their Twenty20 debut for Northern Knights in the 2017 Inter-Provincial Trophy on 16 June 2017.
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
Cricketers from Northern Ireland
Irish cricketers
Loughborough MCCU cricketers
People from Larne
Northern Knights cricketers
Sportspeople from County Antrim
Htigyaing Township or Tigyaing Township (; ) is a township of Katha District in eastern Sagaing Region, in northern Myanmar. It lies on the border with the Shan State of Myanmar. The administrative seat is at Htigyaing.
The Shweli River is a tributary of the Irrawaddy and forms part of the northern boundary with Katha Township and part of the eastern boundary with the Shan State. The Indaung Reserved Forest and the Kyauktaung Reserved Forest are located in the eastern part of the township.
Among the towns and villages in Tigyaing Township are: Aledaw, Datwin, Daungbin, Htidawgaing, Myadaung, Tawma and Wundingon.
Notes
External links
Township 211 on "Myanmar States/Divisions & Townships Overview Map" Myanmar Information Management Unit (MIMU)
"Tigyaing Google Satellite Map" Maplandia.com
Townships of Sagaing Region
The Public Domain is a 2015 drama film set in Minneapolis, Minnesota. The film follows characters whose lives were impacted by the collapse of the I-35W Mississippi River bridge on August 1, 2007. The story takes place seven years later. It is centered on a bar in a Polish neighborhood named The Public Domain. The time is around the feast of Saint Casimir (March 4.)
The film was shot on location in Minneapolis and St. Paul. Budget came from the Minnesota Arts and Cultural Heritage Fund, through a reimbursement program administered by the Minnesota Film & TV board Independent Filmmaker Project Minnesota. To qualify, films have to be set in the state and/or have a strong Minnesota focus.
Reception
The film had its official debut at the Lagoon Theater in the Uptown neighborhood of Minneapolis on Friday, March 27, 2015. Colin Covert of the Star Tribune gave it 3 out of 4 stars, stating "[Coyle] has given us a well-crafted small budget indie touching some painful, funny truths."
References
External links
Official web site
2015 films
2015 drama films
Films set in Minnesota
Films shot in Minnesota
American drama films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Charles J. Girard (July 23, 1917 – January 17, 1970) was a brigadier general in the United States Army. Assigned to head the Capital Military Assistance Command in Saigon in November 1969, they suffered a cerebral hemorrhage two months later, becoming one of the highest-ranking American officers to die in South Vietnam during the Vietnam War.
A native of Sumter, South Carolina and a graduate of The Citadel, Girard taught school and served in the Army Reserve prior to World War II. During the war they took part in combat throughout Africa and Europe, and attained the rank of lieutenant colonel as commander of the 82nd Armored Reconnaissance Battalion. They remained in the Army after the war, and continued to serve in combat and training assignments, primarily in the Armor branch.
During the Vietnam War, Girard was Deputy Commander of the Capital Military Assistance Command (CMAC) in Saigon (March–November 1969). In November, they were appointed as CMAC's commander. In January 1970, Girard died from a cerebral hemorrhage while still serving in South Vietnam; they were buried at Arlington National Cemetery.
Early life
Charles Jack Girard was born in Sumter, South Carolina on July 23, 1917, and they graduated from Sumter High School. In 1938 they graduated from The Citadel with a Bachelor of Science degree in business administration. Girard was commissioned through the Reserve Officers' Training Corps as a second lieutenant in the Army Reserve and taught high school from 1938 to 1940.
World War II
In anticipation of U.S. entry into World War II, Girard was among thousands of reservists and National Guard members called to active duty in 1940. They completed the Infantry Officer Basic and Advanced Courses, and served initially as a platoon leader in the 82nd Armored Reconnaissance Battalion at Fort Benning, Georgia. Their battalion was part of the 2nd Armored Division, and Girard rose to captain and commander of a company as their battalion served in the Mediterranean and European Theaters of Operations. They took part in the Tunisia, Sicily, Normandy, Northern France, Rhineland, Ardennes, and Central Europe campaigns, and they were battalion commander with the rank of major at the end of the war.
Post-World War II
After the war Girard received their commission as a regular Army officer and transferred to the Cavalry. They remained in Europe as commander of 2nd Battalion, 67th Armored Regiment, 2nd Armored Division. In May 1946, they were assigned to the headquarters staff for United States Forces in Austria.
In 1947 Girard was assigned to the staff of the Georgia Military District Headquarters, and from 1949 to 1950 they were a student at the United States Army Command and General Staff College. They spent five years on the staff of the United States Army Armor School at Fort Knox. From 1955 to 1957 they commanded 83rd Reconnaissance Battalion, 3rd Armored Division, first at Fort Knox, and later in Europe.
Girard served in the Plans, Operations and Training (G-3) section at Headquarters, United States Army Europe from 1957 to 1959, first as chief of the NATO Training Section, and then chief of the Training Branch. From 1959 to 1960 they were a student at the United States Army War College, after which they served as deputy commander and then commander of Combat Command A, 1st Armored Division at Fort Hood.
Later career
In 1961 Girard was assigned to the Doctrine and Concepts Division, Combat Developments Directorate in the office of the Army's Deputy Chief of Staff for Plans, Operations and Training (G-3), and they later served as chief of the Doctrine and Concepts Division. During this posting Girard carried out a temporary assignment as deputy chief of the Long Range Plans Group for the Howze Board. In 1963 they were appointed assistant director for Material Requirements in the office of the Army's Assistant Chief of Staff for Force Development.
In August 1963 Girard was assigned to command Combat Developments Command Experimentation Center at Fort Ord and promoted to brigadier general. In May, 1965 they were assigned as Assistant Chief of Staff for Data Systems at Headquarters, Seventh United States Army in Europe.
Girard was assigned to Frankfurt, West Germany as the 3rd Armored Division's Assistant Division Commander for Maneuver in July, 1966, and they served until January 1968. They were Assistant Deputy Chief of Staff for Military Operations & Reserve Forces at Headquarters, Continental Army Command until March, 1969.
Vietnam War
From March to November 1969 Girard was Deputy Commander of the Capital Military Assistance Command (CMAC) in Saigon, the unit that aided the South Vietnamese military in defending the city and its suburbs. In November, 1969 they were appointed commander, and they served until their death.
Death and burial
On January 17, 1970 Girard was found dead in their quarters at the CMAC headquarters in Gia Định Province outside Saigon. Their death was attributed to a cerebral hemorrhage, and they were one of the highest ranking American officers to die in South Vietnam during the Vietnam War. They were buried at Arlington National Cemetery, Section 1, Site 32-2.
Awards and decorations
Army Distinguished Service Medal
Silver Star
Legion of Merit with 2 Bronze Oak leaf clusters
Distinguished Flying Cross
Bronze Star Medal
Army Commendation Medal with 1 Bronze Oak leaf cluster
American Defense Service Medal
American Campaign Medal
European-African-Middle Eastern Campaign Medal with 1 Silver service star, 2 Bronze service stars and 1 Arrowhead device
Medal for Humane Action with Germany Clasp
World War II Victory Medal with 2 Bronze oak leaf clusters
Army of Occupation Medal
National Defense Service Medal
Vietnam Service Medal
Belgian Fourragère
Vietnam Campaign Medal
Family
Girard was married to Joan E. B. Minford, who served in the Women's Army Corps during World War II and attained the rank of captain before receiving their discharge in 1946. They were the parents of six children: Thomas A. Girard, PhD; Renee Julia Girard; Charles Jack Girard Jr.; Stephanie Joan Girard (deceased); Yvonne (Bonnie) Dawes Girard; and Marguerite Florence Girard.
See also
U.S. Army general officers who died in the Vietnam War:
William R. Bond
George W. Casey Sr.
John A. B. Dillard
Alfred Judson Force Moody
Richard J. Tallman
Keith L. Ware
References
1917 births
1970 deaths
United States Army generals
The Citadel, The Military College of South Carolina alumni
United States Army Command and General Staff College alumni
United States Army War College alumni
United States Army personnel of World War II
United States Army personnel of the Vietnam War
Recipients of the Distinguished Service Medal (US Army)
Recipients of the Silver Star
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
Recipients of the Distinguished Flying Cross (United States)
Burials at Arlington National Cemetery
American military personnel killed in the Vietnam War
Valkyrie is a UK role-playing magazine that was published between 1994 and 2003.
Publication history
The magazine was started in 1994. Angus Abranson was one of the people involved in the creation of Valkyrie, and continued to report news for the magazine while they were working at Leisure Games. It was published by Partisan Press and edited originally by David "Stig" Renton (original editor of Role Player Independent) and then taken over by Jay Forster. Renton held the post from 1994 to 1998 and Forster from 1999 to 2003.
Some claimed that it was the successor to White Dwarf amongst the UK role-playing community, with numerous contributors from across the hobby, including Phil Masters and Marcus Rowland.
The magazine was resurrected as a quarterly with issue 19 and ran for several years before ceasing publication with issue 28. It folded in 2003.
On 15 September 2019, the first edition of an all new Valkyrie magazine was launched in 2019, but its ownership, contents, style and target market are completely different. In other words, apart from the name, the new magazine has nothing to do with the original.
References
External links
Marcus Rowland's website
Mark Caldwell's Valkyrie Articles
Valkyrie Quarterly at Caliver Books
1994 establishments in the United Kingdom
2003 disestablishments in the United Kingdom
Defunct magazines published in the United Kingdom
Game magazines published in the United Kingdom
Magazines established in 1994
Magazines disestablished in 2003
Quarterly magazines published in the United Kingdom
Role-playing game magazines
This is a list of notable nightclubs in Sweden:
Stockholm
(defunct)
Bacchi Wapen (defunct)
Café Opera, a nightclub located in the Opera Building. It was formerly a football club.
(defunct)
(defunct)
Crazy Horse, Stockholm (defunct)
(defunct)
(defunct)
(defunct)
(defunct)
(defunct)
Sturecompagniet, one of Sweden's biggest and best known nightclubs. Site of a mass-murder in 1994, see .
(defunct)
Elsewhere
Barbarella, Växjö (defunct)
, Sundbyberg
, Gothenburg
, Visby
, Västervik
, Gothenburg
, Gothenburg
External links
Lists of music venues
Nightclubs
Nightclubs
Nevus unius lateris is a cutaneous condition, an epidermal nevus in which the skin lesions are distributed on one-half of the body.
See also
Linear verrucous epidermal nevus
References
Epidermal nevi, neoplasms, and cysts
The Gospels of Tsar Ivan Alexander, Tetraevangelia of Ivan Alexander, or Four Gospels of Ivan Alexander (, transliterated as Chetveroevangelie na (tsar) Ivan Aleksandar) is an illuminated manuscript Gospel Book, written and illustrated in 1355–1356 for Tsar Ivan Alexander of the Second Bulgarian Empire. The manuscript is regarded as one of the most important manuscripts of medieval Bulgarian culture, and has been described as "the most celebrated work of art produced in Bulgaria before it fell to the Turks in 1393".
The manuscript, now in the British Library (Add. MS 39627), contains the text of the Four Gospels illustrated with 366 miniatures and consists of 286 parchment folios, 33 by 24.3 cm in size, later paginated with pencil. The language of the text is variously described as Bulgarian, Middle Bulgarian, Slavonic, and Church Slavonic.
Contents and binding
The book contains the four Gospels and some other texts, so is a true gospel book rather than an evangeliary, but there are markings showing which passages were to be read in the liturgy, as well as a list at the end of the book. The bookbinding of red leather over wooden boards is original, but the elements of a metalwork treasure binding probably decorated with gold, gems and pearls on top of this have disappeared. The nail holes where these were fixed on are evident, but it would not have covered all the binding, even on the front, as the leather is stamped with patterns and a griffin.
The last gathering, with ff. 276–284, is a later insertion with a smaller page size, containing a menology or liturgical calendar of feast days and the appropriate gospel readings for them, and a synaxaria or calendar listing saint's feast days. There is also a short guide on studying the scriptures. Before this, at the end of the original book on f. 273v, is a magic square of a grid with 625 squares containing letters, in which the name of the book, as "Io Alexander Tsarya Tetravaggel" is spelled out several times, a unique feature in such a manuscript. The centre square contains the "Iῶ" from which all readings begin. Folio 74, which probably contained a miniature illustrating the Last Judgment, has been cut and stolen in modern times.
Miniatures
The gospels are very heavily illuminated by the standards of the West European Late Middle Ages, following Byzantine traditions, going back to Early Byzantine luxury manuscripts of the scriptures such as the Vienna Genesis. Most pages have small "frieze" images in a landscape format taking the width of the written page. These are interspersed in the text, with between none and three per page, the number and placement in the text depending on the story at that particular point. Other images are near-squares, with the text wrapping round them, and there are larger or whole page miniatures at a few key points.
Several scenes are shown more than once as they appear in the different gospels. Many images contain more than one scene side by side, or sometimes one above the other. The images probably follow closely a lost Greek model, perhaps of the 11th or 12th century. The miniatures are mostly very close to those in a Greek manuscript made in the 11th century in the Monastery of Stoudios, the largest in Constantinople (now in Paris as BnF, cod grec 74), and were probably very largely copied from this or another Byzantine exemplar in the same tradition.
The colophon, unusually, refers to but does not name the artists (in the plural) who worked on the book, and the hands of three main masters can be detected, as well as other less competent stretches which were probably the work of less experienced trainees. All would probably have been monks. The main master, responsible for the royal portrait and other major scenes on a larger scale, has been claimed to be very innovative in their technique, while a second master partly followed their style, and the third was more conservative. However non-Bulgarian historians regard the style as a somewhat conservative one which "adhered closely to Byzantine models". According to Robin Milner-Gulland, "All the painters use saturated colours, relish picturesque details and confidently handle a linear, basically twelfth-century Byzantine manner that is distinctly archaic by the standards of the fourteenth century."
The royal portraits
Folios 2v and 3r have a famous double spread miniature of the Tsar, their second wife, and their five children from both marriages, with their son-in-law on the far left, all identified by inscriptions. All wear crowns, have halos, and carry sceptres, and above the Tsar and their wife a double Hand of God emerges from the cloud to bless them. But only the tsar and their eldest son, standing to the left of him, wear a form of the loros, the cloth strip embroidered with gold thread and studded with gems that was a key part of the imperial insignia of Byzantine emperors. From the previous century this had begun to be shown in imperial portraits of other Orthodox rulers, such those of Serbia, Georgia and the Armenian Kingdom of Cilicia. The face of the tsar is very carefully painted and clearly attempts a realistic likeness.
There are a number of other portraits of the tsar; at the end of each gospel they are shown at small size in an arcade with the evangelist, and they appear in a large scene of the Last Judgement. In the Paris Greek gospel book with similar images (see above) the equivalent images at the end of each gospel show the evangelist with the abbot.
History
The text of the manuscript was all written by a monk named Simeon in 1355–1356 on the orders of Ivan Alexander, probably for use in their private chapel. Simeon gives their name in the colophon on f. 275. It is not certain whether Simeon also illuminated the Tetraevangelia or simply was a scribe and calligrapher, or indeed whether they devised the magic square. Probably at least three different artists worked on the miniatures, but as was usual no names are given. The handwriting of the manuscript shows definite similarity with that of the Manasses Chronicle (1344–1345), a product of the Tarnovo Literary School of the time.
After the fall of Tarnovo to the Ottomans in 1393, the manuscript was transported to Moldavia possibly by a Bulgarian fugitive, marking the last time for nearly half a millennium it would be in its native Bulgaria. It spent a number of years there and was later bought on the orders and with the resources of Prince Alexander I of Moldavia (also a "John Alexander"), which is evidenced by a red-ink marginal note on folio 5. The later fate of the manuscript until its arrival in monastery of Agiou Pavlou (St Paul) on Mount Athos is uncertain, but the document was recorded as part of the monastery's collection in the 17th century.
The English traveller and collector Robert Curzon (later 14th Baron Zouche, 1810-1873), who visited the monastery in 1837, was given the Tetraevangelia as a present by the abbot. This was to their surprise and delight, according to their own account; Milner-Gulland describes it as "shamelessly cadged" from the abbot. This probably saved the manuscript from being destroyed by the fire that burnt down the monastery library in 1905. Curzon released an inventory of their collection of manuscripts in 1849, the first time the Tetraevangelia was presented to the academic world. Direct work with the original was, however, impossible, which caused speculation, supposition and rumours related to the manuscript. Their son placed their collection on permanent loan in the British Museum in 1876, and after their death, their entire collection was given to the museum in 1917 by their daughter Darea, 16th Baroness Zouche (1860–1917), which enabled more detailed examination of the book. When the British Library was created in 1973, the manuscript was transferred to the British Library.
In 2017 the manuscript has been added to UNESCO's Memory of the World register as a world heritage document.
See also
Sofia Psalter, 1337
Tomić Psalter, c. 1360
References
Sources
Dimitrova, Ekaterina, The Gospels of Tsar Ivan Alexander, 1994, British Library,
Evans, Helen C. (ed.), Byzantium, Faith and Power (1261–1557), # 27, 2004, Metropolitan Museum of Art/Yale University Press, , Fully online from the Metropolitan Museum of Art (and see McKendrick)
McKendrick, Scot, in Evans, Helen C. (ed.), Byzantium, Faith and Power (1261–1557), # 27, 2004, Metropolitan Museum of Art/Yale University Press, , Fully online from the Metropolitan Museum of Art
Milner-Gulland, R.R. "Review of The Gospels of Tsar Ivan Alexander by Ekaterina Dimitrova", The Slavonic and East European Review, Vol. 74, No. 2 (Apr., 1996), pp. 302–304, Modern Humanities Research Association and University College London, School of Slavonic and East European Studies, JSTOR
British Library Manuscripts Catalogue entry, and fully digitized with 579 images
External links
Biggs, Sarah J., British Library manuscript blog
Christianity in Bulgaria
Medieval Bulgarian literature
Athos manuscripts
14th-century biblical manuscripts
14th-century illuminated manuscripts
British Library additional manuscripts
Bulgarian art
Middle Bulgarian language
Agiou Pavlou Monastery
Events in the year 2017 in Estonia.
Incumbents
President: Kersti Kaljulaid
Prime Minister: Jüri Ratas
Events
Deaths
1 January – Aleksander Tšutšelov, sailor (b. 1933)
21 January – Veljo Tormis, composer (b. 1930)
13 May – Salme Poopuu, filmmaker and actor (b. 1939)
16 May – Arvo Kukumägi, actor (b. 1958)
29 October – Aarne Üksküla, actor and theatre instructor (b. 1937)
See also
2017 in Estonian football
2017 in Estonian television
References
2010s in Estonia
Years of the 21st century in Estonia
Estonia
Estonia
Sir David Storey (18 August 1856 – 27 July 1924) was an Irish-born Australian politician and business person. They were a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly from 1894 to 1920 and the New South Wales Legislative Council from 1920 until their death in 1924, representing the Free Trade Party and its successors the Liberal Reform Party and Nationalist Party. They were Minister of Public Health in the Nationalist ministry of William Holman in 1919-20.
Early life and business career
Storey was born and educated in County Monaghan, Ireland, the son of farmer Robert Storey and Margaret Colvin. After completing their education, they worked for softgoods merchant James Hartley in County Cavan and then as a representative of the firm of Lindsay Brothers Ltd. in north-western Ireland.
Storey emigrated to Sydney in 1879, working as a departmental manager for the firm of Ross, Morgan and Robertson. In 1881, they formed an importing firm in partnership with James C. Lindsay, a principal of their old firm in Ireland, and continued on the business as David Storey & Co. after dissolving the partnership in 1883. They became chairperson of the Commercial Travellers Association of New South Wales in 1893, was chairperson of the board of the Insurance Office of Australia, president of the Ulster Association of New South Wales, was a director of the Society for the Relief of Destitute Children from 1903 and was foundation president of the Bronte Surf Bathing Association in 1907. Storey was actively involved in the free trade movement, serving as secretary of the Freetrade and Land Reformist League in the 1890s.
Political career
In 1894, they were elected to the New South Wales Legislative Assembly as the Free Trade member for Randwick, defeating future Prime Minister of Australia Edmund Barton. They joined the Liberal Reform Party in 1901. They led a group of 7 rebels who objected to Premier Charles Wade's autocratic leadership and their tactics at the 1910 election. They attempted to form a new political party, the Democratic Party, however that collapsed in October 1911 when the party refused to support a candidate to contest the Maitland by-election. Storey re-joined the Liberal Reform party before the 1913 election. In November 1916 Labor split over conscription, when Premier Holman and twenty of their supporters were expelled from the party. Storey helped to establish the grand coalition with Holman and their supporters and by 1917 this had coalesced into the Nationalist Party of Australia, which Storey claimed to have named. They were an minister without portfolio in the Holman Nationalist ministry from 1916 to 1919, when they became Minister of Public Health. They had reportedly declined earlier offers of a ministry in the Carruthers ministry due to their business interests. They resigned from the ministry and from the Legislative Assembly in 1920 and was appointed to the Legislative Council four months later, serving until their death in 1924.
Personal life
They married Rachel Agnes Doig in Sydney on 4 July 1883.
Storey was knighted in the 1923 New Year Honours. and died in Randwick, New South Wales from pneumonia on and was buried at South Head Cemetery. They were survived by their wife Rachel, daughter and 4 sons.
Arms
References
1856 births
1924 deaths
Free Trade Party politicians
Nationalist Party of Australia members of the Parliament of New South Wales
Members of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly
Members of the New South Wales Legislative Council
Australian Knights Bachelor
Politicians awarded knighthoods
Irish emigrants to Australia
Pisharoth Rama Pisharoty (;10 February 1909 – 24 September 2002) was an Indian physicist and meteorologist, and is considered to be the father of remote sensing in India.
Early life and education
P. R. Pisharoty was born on 10 February 1909 in the town of Kollengode in the Indian state of Kerala. Their parents were Sivaramakrishnan alias Gopala Vadhyar and Lakshmi Pisharassiar. They had three brothers: Chakrapani, Balakrishnan and Rajagopal, and three half brothers: Vaidyanathan, Rose Vadhyar and Gopalakrishnan. They completed their early education in Kerala. Having done their Physics BA honours from St. Joseph's College, Trichinopoly, Madras state, they went on to do their MA (Physics) from Madras University. They then worked as a college lecturer in Physics at Loyola College at Chennai during 1932-1941. During the summer vacations they used to work under Prof. C. V. Raman at the Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore. On the recommendation of Raman, Pisharoty joined the India Meteorological Department in 1942, where they carried out research on thunderstorms, western disturbances, movement of monsoon depressions, orographic rain, etc. They then joined the University of California for further studies where they worked under meteorologist Jacob Bjerknes. Theirs published two reports titled Some aspects of geostrophic poleward sensible heat and The kinetic energy of the atmosphere. They obtained their MS (in Meteorology) and PhD degrees by 1954.
Work in Indian remote sensing programme
On returning to India, Pisharoty became the Director of Colaba and Alibag Magnetic Observatories in 1959 and Founder Director of the Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology, Pune in 1962. In 1967 they retired as Director of the Institute of Tropical Meteorology and joined the Physical Research Laboratory, Ahmedabad as a senior professor at the invitation of Vikram Sarabhai. At this point they were entrusted with the job of introducing remote sensing technology to India. They accepted the job. Their pioneering experiment of detection of coconut wilt-root disease using Soviet aircraft and US equipment was considered to be the first success in remote sensing in India.
Positions held
Pisharoty served as the Director, Remote Sensing and Satellite Meteorology, at ISRO Space Applications Centre, Ahmedabad during 1972-75. They were a Member of the Scientific Advisory Board of World Meteorological Organization from 1963 to 1968 and later its Chairman. They also served as the Vice-President of the International Association of Meteorology and Atmospheric Sciences, and as a member of Joint Organising Committee for Global Atmospheric Research Programme from 1969 to 1977. They worked at PRL until the early nineties when they retired for health reasons.
Awards
1957 Fellow of the Indian Academy of Sciences
1978 Fellow of the Indian National Science Academy
1970 Awarded the prestigious Padma Shri national civilian award of the Indian government in recognition of their contributions.
1988 First recipient of the Raman Centenary Medal.
1989 Awarded the IMO Prize by the WMO.
1990 Received the K. R. Ramanathan Medal established by Indian National Science Academy.
Death and legacy
Pisharoty died on the morning of 24 September 2002 at Pune, at the age of 93. The Indian Society of Remote Sensing renamed the Indian National Remote Sensing Award to 'P. R. Pisharoty Memorial Award' in their memory.
The GPS Radiosonde of ISRO's VSSC is named after Pisharoty.
References
Press release by Department of Space, ISRO on their death
Short bio by B. L. K. Somayajulu, PRL (PDF format)
Pune newsline article
Times of India article
Indian meteorologists
Scientists from Kerala
Recipients of the Padma Shri in science & engineering
People from Palakkad district
1909 births
2002 deaths
Malayali people
Government Victoria College, Palakkad alumni
Loyola College, Chennai faculty
20th-century Indian physicists
Indian Institute of Science alumni
20th-century Indian earth scientists
Thomas Tudor (3 July 1785 – 1855) was a Welsh artist and land agent based in Monmouth.
Biography
Tudor was born in Monmouth on 3 July 1785 and they have christened at St Marys Church. Their family had come to Monmouth after they had lost the family fortune. Tudor's grandfather, James Tudor Morgan, has been High Sheriff of Monmouthshire in 1744. Their father, Owen Tudor, worked as a bookseller earning money to bring up their children which included two boys with artistic talents. Thomas and John Tudor's help together with their father's assistance in creating sketches and diagrams for their book Historical Tour in Monmouthshire was acknowledged by Archdeacon William Coxe. This was despite Tudor being only thirteen and their brother was just fifteen.
From 1809 to 1819, both brothers exhibited at the Royal Academy and John continued for an additional three years. Thomas's seventeen successfully accepted paintings were mostly typographical but six were portraits. Thomas was known for the amazing detail of their sketches of buildings. Although they did paint in oils it is his, frequently monochrome, water colours that are more common. These water colours were very detailed but frequently incomplete.
Around 1825 Tudor began to spend more time on being a land agent for Colonel Henry Morgan-Clifford. On their behalf they would collect rents in Carmarthenshire, Monmouthshire and near Ross-on-Wye. Tudor built "Tudor House" in the part of Monmouth which is called Wyesham. Tudor also owned property at Penallt. Tudor died in 1855 and they were buried in Dixton.
Legacy
Tudor has painting in the Tate, the National Library of Wales, the Victoria and Albert Museum, Newport Museum and Monmouth Museum.
References
External links
1785 births
1885 deaths
People from Monmouth, Wales
19th-century Welsh painters
Welsh male painters
19th-century Welsh male artists
This is a chronological list of Brockhampton's known live performances.
2017 shows
2018 shows
2019 shows
2020 shows
2022 shows
Notes
References
External links
Lists of concert tours
Hemimetabolism or hemimetaboly, also called incomplete metamorphosis and paurometabolism, is the mode of development of certain insects that includes three distinct stages: the egg, nymph, and the adult stage, or imago. These groups go through gradual changes; there is no pupal stage. The nymph often has a thin exoskeleton and resembles the adult stage but lacks wings and functional reproductive organs. The hemimetabolous insects differ from ametabolous taxa in that the one and only adult instar undergoes no further moulting.
Orders
All insects of the Pterygota except Holometabola belong to hemimetabolous orders:
Hemiptera (scale insects, aphids, whitefly, cicadas, leafhoppers, and true bugs)
Orthoptera (grasshoppers, locusts, and crickets)
Mantodea (praying mantises)
Blattodea (cockroaches and termites)
Dermaptera (earwigs)
Odonata (dragonflies and damselflies)
Phasmatodea (stick insects)
Phthiraptera (sucking lice)
Ephemeroptera (mayflies)
Plecoptera (stoneflies)
Notoptera (icebugs and gladiators)
Terminology of aquatic entomology
In aquatic entomology, different terminology is used when categorizing insects with incomplete metamorphosis. Paurometabolism refers to insects whose nymphs occupy the same environment as the adults, as in the family Gerridae of Hemiptera. The hemimetabolous insects are those whose nymphs, called naiads, occupy aquatic habitats while the adults are terrestrial. This includes all members of the orders Plecoptera, Ephemeroptera, and Odonata. Aquatic entomologists use this categorization because it specifies whether the adult will occupy an aquatic or semi aquatic habitat, or will be terrestrial. This classification system is similar to previously used nomenclature in terrestrial entomology.
See also
Holometabolism
Subimago
Metamorphosis
References
Insect developmental biology
he:בעלי גלגול חסר
simple:Incomplete metamorphosis
Hujowa Górka (; sometimes Chujowa Górka) is a place near the site of Kraków-Płaszów concentration camp, where in April 1944 the Germans exhumed and incinerated the bodies of around ten thousand previously killed Jews, to hide the evidence of the crime before retreating from the area. The place took its name from the surname of Unterscharführer Albert Hujar (also Huyar) who committed and directed the executions. It is also a mockery of Hujar's surname, which is pronounced similarly to a vulgar Polish language expression for "penis" (its English equivalent is "dick"), hence the name is Polish for "Dick Hill".
Albert Hujar, who served in the Schutzstaffel (SS) Concentration Camp service, is portrayed in the 1993 drama Schindler's List by Norbert Weisser.
References
Kraków-Płaszów concentration camp
Amon Göth
Holocaust locations in Poland
Eucithara is a genus of small to quite large sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Mangeliidae.
This genus has been a convenient dumping ground for many Indo-Pacific species. A profound study is still lacking and polyphyly probably occurs, as shown by the radulae of the few species examined.
Description
Species in this genus show a rather solid turreted-fusiform shell, sculptured by bold longitudinal ribs, over-run by dense spiral threads, and decussated by an even finer radial striatum. The aperture is as long, or longer, than the spire, fortified externally by a stout varix which ascends the previous whorl, includes a semi-circular sinus, and extends a free edge over the mouth. Within the outer lip are a series of short entering ridges, and the columella bears a corresponding series of deeply entering horizontal bars.
Distribution
This genus has a wide distribution in the Red Sea, the Persian Gulf, the Indian Ocean, the Pacific Ocean, the East China Sea; off Australia (Northern Territory, Queensland, Tasmania, Western Australia).
Species
According to the World Register of Marine Species (WoRMS), the following species with accepted names are included within the genus Eucithara
Eucithara abakcheutos Kilburn, 1992
Eucithara abbreviata (Garrett, 1873)
Eucithara alacris Hedley, 1922
Eucithara albivestis (Pilsbry, 1934)
Eucithara amabilis (Nevill & Nevill, 1874)
Eucithara angela (Adams & Angas, 1864)
Eucithara angiostoma (Pease, 1868)
Eucithara antillarum (Reeve, 1846)
Eucithara arenivaga Hedley, 1922
Eucithara articulata (Sowerby III, 1894)
Eucithara bascauda (Melvill & Standen, 1896)
Eucithara bathyraphe (Smith E. A., 1882)
Eucithara bicolor (Reeve, 1846)
Eucithara bisacchii (Hornung & Mermod, 1929)
Eucithara brocha Hedley, 1922
Eucithara caledonica (Smith E. A., 1882)
Eucithara capillaris Kilburn & Dekker, 2008
Eucithara capillata (Hervier, 1897)
Eucithara castanea (Reeve, 1846)
Eucithara cazioti (Preston, 1905)
Eucithara celebensis (Hinds, 1843)
Eucithara cincta (Reeve, 1846)
Eucithara cinnamomea (Hinds, 1843)
Eucithara columbelloides (Reeve, 1846)
Eucithara compressicosta (Boettger, 1895)
Eucithara coniformis (Reeve, 1846)
Eucithara conohelicoides (Reeve, 1846)
Eucithara coronata (Hinds, 1843)
Eucithara crystallina (Hervier, 1897)
Eucithara dealbata (R.P.J. Hervier, 1897)
Eucithara debilis (Pease, 1868)
Eucithara decussata (Pease, 1868)
Eucithara delacouriana (Crosse, 1869)
Eucithara diaglypha (Hervier, 1897)
Eucithara dubiosa (Nevill & Nevill, 1875)
Eucithara duplaris (Melvill, 1923)
Eucithara edithae (Melvill & Standen, 1901)
Eucithara elegans (Reeve, 1846)
Eucithara ella (Thiele, 1925)
Eucithara eumerista (Melvill & Standen, 1896)
Eucithara fasciata (L.A. Reeve, 1846)
Eucithara funebris (Reeve, 1846)
Eucithara funiculata (Reeve, 1846)
Eucithara fusiformis (Reeve, 1846)
Eucithara gevahi Singer, 2012
Eucithara gibbosa (Reeve, 1846)
Eucithara gracilis (Reeve, 1846)
Eucithara gradata (Nevill & Nevill, 1875)
Eucithara grata (Smith E. A., 1884)
Eucithara gruveli (Dautzenberg, 1932)
Eucithara guentheri (Sowerby III, 1893)
Eucithara harpellina (Hervier, 1897)
Eucithara hirasei (Pilsbry, 1904)
Eucithara interstriata (Smith E. A., 1876)
Eucithara isophanes (R.P.J. Hervier, 1897)
Eucithara isseli (Nevill & Nevill, 1875)
Eucithara lamellata (Reeve, 1846)
Eucithara lepidella (Hervier, 1897)
Eucithara lota (Gould, 1860)
Eucithara lyra (Reeve, 1846)
Eucithara macteola Kilburn, 1992
Eucithara makadiensis Kilburn & Dekker, 2008
Eucithara marerosa Kilburn, 1992
Eucithara marginelloides (Reeve, 1846)
Eucithara milia (R.A. Philippi, 1851)
Eucithara miriamica Hedley, 1922
Eucithara monochoria Hedley, 1922
Eucithara moraria Hedley, 1922
Eucithara nana (Reeve, 1846)
Eucithara nevilliana (Preston, 1904)
Eucithara novaehollandiae (Reeve, 1846)
Eucithara obesa (Reeve, 1846)
Eucithara pagoda (May, 1911)
Eucithara paucicostata (Pease, 1868)
Eucithara perhumerata Kilburn & Dekker, 2008
Eucithara planilabrum (Reeve, 1843)
Eucithara pulchella (Reeve, 1846)
Eucithara pulchra Bozzetti, 2009
Eucithara pusilla (Pease, 1860)
Eucithara ringens (Sowerby III, 1893)
Eucithara rufolineata S. Higo & Y. Goto, 1993
Eucithara seychellarum (Smith E. A., 1884)
Eucithara solida (Reeve, 1846)
Eucithara souverbiei (Tryon, 1884)
Eucithara striatella (Smith E. A., 1884)
Eucithara striatissima (Sowerby III, 1907)
Eucithara stromboides (Reeve, 1846)
Eucithara subglobosa (Hervier, 1897)
Eucithara subterranea (P.F. Röding, 1798)
Eucithara tenebrosa (Reeve, 1846)
Eucithara trivittata (Adams & Reeve, 1850)
Eucithara turricula (Reeve, 1846)
Eucithara typhonota (Melvill & Standen, 1901)
Eucithara typica (Smith E. A., 1884)
Eucithara ubuhle Kilburn, 1992
Eucithara unicolor Bozzetti, 2020
Eucithara unilineata (Smith E. A., 1876)
Eucithara vexillum (Reeve, 1846)
Eucithara villaumeae Kilburn & Dekker, 2008
Eucithara vitiensis (Smith E. A., 1884)
Eucithara vittata (Hinds, 1843)
Species brought into synonymy
Eucithara abyssicola (Reeve, 1846) : synonym of Eucithara vittata (Hinds, 1843)
Eucithara anna F.P. Jousseaume, 1883: synonym of Eucithara novaehollandiae (Reeve, 1846)
Eucithara balansai J.C.H. Crosse, 1873: synonym of Eucithara angela (A. Adams & G.F. Angas, 1864)
Eucithara basedowi Hedley, 1918 : synonym of Pseudanachis basedowi (Hedley, 1918)
Eucithara biclathrata S.M. Souverbie in S.M. Souverbie & R.P. Montrouzier, 1872 : synonym of Eucithara vittata (Hinds, 1843)
Eucithara brevis W.H. Pease, 1867: synonym of Eucithara coronata cithara (A.A. Gould, 1851)
Eucithara butonensis (Schepman, 1913): synonym of Cytharopsis butonensis (Schepman, 1913)
Eucithara capillacea (Reeve, 1846): synonym of Eucithara coronata (Hinds, 1843)
Eucithara chionea J.C. Melvill & R. Standen, 1899: synonym of Eucithara coronata (Hinds, 1843)
Eucithara citharella E.A. Smith, 1876: synonym of Eucithara lyra (Reeve, 1846)
Eucithara compta (Adams & Angas, 1864)synonym of Marita compta (A. Adams & Angas, 1864)
Eucithara coniformis S.M. Souverbie, 1875: synonym of Eucithara souverbiei (Tryon, 1884)
Eucithara crassilabrum (Reeve, 1846): synonym of Eucithara novaehollandiae (Reeve, 1846)
Eucithara cylindrica (Reeve, 1846) : synonym of Gingicithara cylindrica (Reeve, 1846)
Eucithara daedalea W.H. Pease, 1867: synonym of Eucithara debilis (Pease, 1868)
Eucithara deliciosa K.H. Barnard, 1959: synonym of Pseudorhaphitoma ichthys (Melvill, J.C., 1910)
Eucithara effosa P.F. Röding, 1798: synonym of Eucithara subterranea (P.F. Röding, 1798)
Eucithara eupoecila R.P.J. Hervier, 1897: synonym of Eucithara coronata (Hinds, 1843)
Eucithara euselma (Melvill & Standen, 1896) : synonym of Gingicithara notabilis (E. A. Smith, 1888)
Eucithara glariosa (A.A. Gould, 1860): synonym of Cythara glareosa Gould, A.A., 1860
Eucithara guestieri (Souverbie, 1872): synonym of Eucithara novaehollandiae (L.A. Reeve, 1846)
Eucithara hornbeckii L.A. Reeve, 1846: synonym of Eucithara coronata (Hinds, 1843)
Eucithara hypercalles Melvill, J.C., 1898: synonym of Eucithara fusiformis (Reeve, 1846)
Eucithara iota A.A. Gould, 1860: synonym of Eucithara lota (Gould, 1860)
Eucithara lyrica (Reeve, 1846 in 1843-65) : synonym of Gingicithara lyrica (Reeve, 1846)
Eucithara matakuana (Smith, 1884) : synonym of Eucithara delacouriana (Crosse, 1869)
Eucithara onager (S.M. Souverbie, 1875): synonym of Eucithara conohelicoides (L.A. Reeve, 1846)
Eucithara optabilis G.B. III Sowerby, 1907: synonym of Eucithara coronata (Hinds, 1843)
Eucithara pallida (Reeve, 1846): synonym of Eucithara coronata (Hinds, 1843)
Eucithara pellucida (Reeve, 1846) : synonym of Citharomangelia pellucida (Reeve, 1846)
Eucithara phyllidis Hedley, 1922 : synonym of Anacithara phyllidis (Hedley, 1922)
Eucithara pura H.A. Pilsbry, 1904: synonym of Eucithara albivestis (H.A. Pilsbry, 1934)
Eucithara porcellanea (Kilburn, 1992): synonym of Leiocithara Hedley, 1922
Eucithara pygmaea G.B. Sowerby, 1846: synonym of Eucithara isseli (Nevill & Nevill, 1875)
Eucithara quadrilineata (G. B. Sowerby III, 1913): synonym of Citharomangelia quadrilineata (G. B. Sowerby III, 1913)
Eucithara raffini R.P.J. Hervier, 1897: synonym of Eucithara unilineata (Smith E. A., 1876)
Eucithara reticulata (Reeve, 1846) : synonym of Eucithara obesa (Reeve, 1846)
Eucithara rubrocincta E.A. Smith, 1882: synonym of Eucithara vittata (Hinds, 1843)
Eucithara semizonata (Hervier, 1897): synonym of Eucithara coronata (Hinds, 1843)
Eucithara signa J.C. Melvill & R. Standen, 1896, 1897: synonym of Eucithara eumerista (Melvill & Standen, 1896)
Eucithara stellatomoides (Shuto, 1883): synonym of Antiguraleus stellatomoides Shuto, 1983
Eucithara subgibbosa (Hervier, 1897): synonym of Eucithara coronata (Hinds, 1843)
Eucithara triticea L.A. Reeve, 1843: synonym of Eucithara angiostoma (W.H. Pease, 1868)
Eucithara unifasciata (G.P. Deshayes, 1834) : synonym of Mangelia unifasciata (Deshayes, 1835)
Eucithara waterhousei (Smith E. A., 1884) : synonym of Eucithara coronata (Hinds, 1843)
Eucithara zonata (Reeve, 1846): synonym of Eucithara coronata (Hinds, 1843)
The Indo-Pacific Molluscan Database adds the following names in current use to the list
Eucithara cinnamomea cinnamomea (Hinds, 1843-g)
Eucithara cithara (Gould, 1851): synonym of Eucithara coronata cithara (A.A. Gould, 1851)
Eucithara gracilis gracilis (Reeve, 1846 in 1843-65)
Eucithara gracilis striolata (Bouge & Dautzenberg, 1914)
References
Fischer, 1883: Manuel de conchyliologie et de paléontologie conchyliologique, (6): 593
Kilburn R.N. 1992. Turridae (Mollusca: Gastropoda) of southern Africa and Mozambique. Part 6. Subfamily Mangeliinae, section 1. Annals of the Natal Museum, 33: 461–575
External links
Powell, Arthur William Baden. "The Australian Tertiary Mollusca of the Family Turridae." Records of the Auckland Institute and Museum 3.1 (1944): p. 58: Eucithara glabra (Harris, 1897)
Bouchet, P.; Kantor, Y. I.; Sysoev, A.; Puillandre, N. (2011). A new operational classification of the Conoidea. Journal of Molluscan Studies. 77, 273-308
Worldwide Mollusc Species Data Base: Mangeliidae
The Federation of German Marksmen 1975 (registered association), German Bund Deutscher Sportschützen (BDS), is the second largest shooting sports association in Germany after the German Shooting and Archery Federation. Primarily it promotes sport shooting using firearms and as such small and big bore pistols, revolvers, rifles and shotguns. The BDS is the largest sport shooting association for licensed gun owners in Germany. As of 2020 there are about 80 000 individual members in 2.500 clubs. BDS is also the regional representative of IPSC in Germany.
See also
IPSC German Rifle Championship
External links
Official homepage of Bund Deutscher Sportschützen
International Practical Shooting Confederation
References
Regions of the International Practical Shooting Confederation
Sports organisations of Germany
Romeo and Juliet: the Tomb Scene is a painting by Joseph Wright of Derby, completed by 1790, exhibited in 1790 and 1791, shown in the Derby Exhibition of 1839 in the Mechanics' Institute, and now displayed in Derby Museum and Art Gallery. The painting exhibits Wright's famed skill with nocturnal and candlelit scenes. It depicts the moment in Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet when Juliet, kneeling beside Romeo's body, hears a footstep and draws a dagger to kill herself. The line is "Yea, noise? Then I'll be brief. O happy dagger!"
History
The idea for the painting came from Wright in December 1776 when they proposed a painting of "Juliet waking in the tomb". The commission was agreed by Alderman John Boydell for their "Shakespeare Gallery". However the work was the cause of a major row between them. Wright discovered that Boydell had classified the painters they had commissioned into two classes. Wright had discovered that they were assigned to the second class. They were to be paid 300 pounds for one painting and they were aggrieved to discover that some artists were being paid a thousand pounds. Wright's objection was more to do with the damage to their reputation than for the loss of income.
Boydell was unrepentant and although Wright's painting of Romeo and Juliet was ready in time it was their painting of The Tempest (now lost) and a more modest scene of the storm in The Winter's Tale that were Wright's contribution to Boydell's gallery. Wright was left with this painting which is thought the best of the three they had created for the gallery. It could be that there was another disagreement that led to James Northcote creating a nine by eleven feet Romeo and Juliet tomb scene painting for Boydell which was very well received by gallery visitors.
Wright had the painting exhibited in the Royal Academy in 1790 but they were not content as they said it had been badly presented due to its late arrival. However Wright felt privately that they had been snubbed by the Royal Academy and was happy to exhibit five paintings at the Society of Artists of Great Britain. Before the painting was exhibited at the Society the following year it was reworked by Wright but it still failed to sell. The painting is also known to have been included in an exhibition at Derby's Mechanics' Institute. Wright's painting was included in a painting of the 1839 exhibition by Samuel Rayner. Many of the paintings in Rayner's painting are thought to have come from the collection of Joseph Strutt. Many of the other artefacts in Rayner's painting are thought to have joined the early collection of Derby Museums, but this painting took many years before it rejoined Derby Museum's collection.
As a result of Wright's argument with Boydell the painting was rejected and stayed in Wright's possession. It was at Christie's in 1801 and in Derby for sale in 1810, but it failed to find a buyer. It was bought from Wright's executors and it was in the Oakes family from 1883 until it was purchased for Derby Museums for £33,250 in 1981.
Description
The painting is 70 inches high and 95 wide and shows Wright's famed skill with nocturnal and candlelit scenes. It depicts the moment in Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet at which Juliet, kneeling beside Romeo's body, hears a footstep and draws Romeo's dagger. Juliet's line is "Yea, noise? Then I'll be brief. O happy dagger!" and is said just before Juliet kills themselves In addition to this painting, Derby Museum also own a preparatory sketch by Wright. On the sketch they propose the change they made to the painting where they moved the sarcophagus and its niche to the right. Wright was trying to increase the size of the image of the illuminated wall. The gladiatorial figure of Juliet with their outstretched arms attracts the eye and the heroic death of Romeo have been compared to Michelangelo's drawing of Tityus.
References
Paintings by Joseph Wright of Derby
1790 paintings
Collections of Derby Museum and Art Gallery
Works based on Romeo and Juliet
Paintings based on works by William Shakespeare
Paintings about suicide
The flame-rumped tanager (Ramphocelus flammigerus) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae. It is found in semi-open forest and woodland.
The most widespread subspecies, icteronotus, is found in the Tumbes-Chocó-Magdalena in Panama, Colombia, Ecuador and Peru, and is sometimes considered a separate species, the lemon-rumped tanager (R. icteronotus). However, it is known to hybridize with the nominate subspecies from the Cauca Valley in Colombia.
Males of both subspecies have a mainly black plumage and a narrowly black-tipped pale bluish bill. The rump of the male P. f. icteronotus is yellow, while it is red in P. f. flammigerus. In females, the head, wings and tail are blackish-brown and the underparts are mainly yellow. The rump is yellowish in the female P. f. icteronotus, while the rump, vent and chest are orange-red in P. f. flammigerus.
References
flame-rumped tanager
Birds of the Colombian Andes
Endemic birds of Colombia
flame-rumped tanager
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Arnaud Kerckhof (born March 13, 1984) is a French professional basketball player for BC Orchies of LNB Pro B.
On June 18, 2013, after three seasons at Boulazac Basket Dordogne, they decided to prolong their stay with the team despite its relegation to Pro B. They played an important role in the recovery of their club in Pro A during the playoffs in 2017.
They re-signed with Boulazac Basket Dordogne on July 13, 2017.
On August 10, 2018, after eight years at Boulazac, they signed with BC Orchies.
References
External links
RealGM profile
1984 births
Living people
BCM Gravelines players
BC Orchies players
French men's basketball players
Nanterre 92 players
Olympique Antibes basketball players
Sportspeople from Calais
Point guards
A Double-Dyed Deceiver is a lost 1920 American silent crime-drama film directed by Alfred E. Green and starring Jack Pickford. It was produced and distributed by the Goldwyn Pictures company.
Plot
As described in a film magazine, The Llano Kid (Pickford), after killing a Mexican in Texas, flees to Buennas Tierras, South America. The American counsel, seeking to rob an aristocratic Spanish family whose son disappeared years ago, schemes to use the Kid as a fence by having them pose as the lost son. The Kid is received royally by the family and for the first time they experience love. Transformed through the experience of motherly love, the Kid rebels and they refuse to rob their benefactors. Instead, they fall in love with a relative and stays with the family.
Cast
Jack Pickford as The Llano Kid
Marie Dunn as Estella
James Neill as Senor Urique
Edythe Chapman as Senora Urique
Sidney Ainsworth as Thacker
Manuel R. Ojeda as Secretary
References
External links
Poster
1920 films
American silent feature films
Lost American films
Films directed by Alfred E. Green
Goldwyn Pictures films
Films based on short fiction
Adaptations of works by O. Henry
American black-and-white films
1920s American films
Silent American drama films
Daria Sergeevna Klepikova (born 11 February 2005) is a Russian competitive swimmer.  They are a Russian record holder in the short course 4×50 metre freestyle relay and 4×50 metre medley relay. At the 2021 European Junior Championships they won six gold medals and one silver medal in individual and relay events. They won two gold medals at the 2021 European Short Course Championships in relay events.
Early life
Klepikova was born 11 February 2005 in the Voronezh region of Russia.
Career
2021
2021 European Junior Championships
On the first day of competition, 6 July, of the 2021 European Junior Championships at Stadio Olimpico del Nuoto in Rome, Italy, Klepikova advanced to the final of the 100 metre freestyle ranked first with a time of 55.04 seconds. Day two, Klepikova won the gold medal in the 100 metre freestyle with a time of 54.75 seconds, finishing over a quarter of a second ahead of silver medalist and fellow Russian Daria Tatarinova. For their second gold medal of day two, Klepikova swam the anchor, fourth, leg of 4×100 meter mixed freestyle relay, slitting a time of 55.13 seconds to help the relay touch the wall first with a time of 3:29.71. In the final of the 4×100 metre mixed medley relay on the third day, Klepikova swam the 100 metres of butterfly on the relay in a time of 58.89 seconds, contributing to the relay finishing first with a time of 3:50.25 and winning the gold medal.
The fifth day, 10 July, Klepikova won their second gold medal in an individual event in the 50 metre butterfly where they won the event in a Championships record time of 26.14 seconds, which broke the former record of 26.21 seconds set in 2019 by Naele Portecop of France. Later in the same day five finals session, Klepikova won their second gold medal of the day in Championships record time in the 4×100 metre freestyle relay, contributing to the new record time of 3:40.10 by splitting a 54.53 for the anchor leg of the relay. Come the final day of competition, 11 July, Klepikova won their only silver medal of the championships by placing second in the final of the 100 metre butterfly with a personal best time of 58.07 seconds. They won their final gold medal of the Championships in the 4×100 metre medley relay, swimming the anchoring leg of the relay, the freestyle leg of the relay, in 54.55 seconds to achieve a first-place-finish for the relay team in 4:02.72.
2021 European Short Course Championships
At the 2021 European Short Course Championships held at the Palace of Water Sports in Kazan in November, Klepikova won their first gold medal in the 4×50 metre freestyle relay, where they split a 23.63 on the anchor leg of the relay to help the relay team finish in a new Russian record time of 1:34.92. Klepikova won their second gold medal of the Championships in the 4×50 metre medley relay, where they helped set a new Russian record of 1:44.19 for the event by splitting a 23.81 for the freestyle leg of the relay. For their performances setting two Russian records and winning two gold medals as a 16-year-old in the senior international competition, Swimming World named them as one of "The Young Talents" for the Championships.
2021 World Short Course Championships
In late November, Klepikova was announced to the roster for Russia at the 2021 World Short Course Championships to be held at Etihad Arena in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates in mid-December. The first day of competition, 16 December, Kelpikova split a 53.81 for the anchor leg of the 4×100 metre freestyle relay, helping advance it to the final ranked fifth. The finals relay, which did not include Klepikova, went on to place sixth. In the prelims heats of the 100 metre butterfly on day five, Klepikova ranked 21st overall with a time of 57.86 seconds and did not advance to the semifinals. The sixth and final day of competition Klepikova started off the day by swimming the second leg of the 4×50 metre freestyle relay with a split of 24.53 and helping qualify the relay to the final ranking fourth. For their second event Klepikova split a 58.45 on the butterfly leg of the 4×100 metre medley relay in the prelims to help achieve a rank of fifth and qualify the relay to the final with a time of 3:55.15. Klepikova was substituted out for the final of both relays, where the 4×50 metre freestyle relay placed fifth and the 4×100 metre medley relay placed fifth.
Personal best times
Long course metres (50 m pool)
Short course metres (25 m pool)
National records
Short course metres
Awards and honours
Swimming World, The Young Talents: 2021 European Short Course Championships
See also
List of European Short Course Swimming Championships medalists (women)
References
External links
2005 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Voronezh
Russian female freestyle swimmers
Russian female butterfly swimmers
Czysta Dębina (, Chysta Dubyna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzków, within Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Krasnystaw County
Ron Brewer (born March 11, 1937) is a former professional Canadian football linebacker who played ten seasons in the Canadian Football League for the Toronto Argonauts, Montreal Alouettes, Edmonton Eskimos and the Hamilton Tiger-Cats.
Inducted into the all Argonaut Team in 1974 for the modern era of 1945-1973. Selected by the Argonaut alumni and the sports media. Their best play ever was their move in 1955 when they married lovely Sylvia Rugaard Danish princess.
References
External links
Bio
Bio and stats
1937 births
Living people
Canadian football linebackers
Edmonton Elks players
Hamilton Tiger-Cats players
Montreal Alouettes players
Players of Canadian football from Ontario
Sportspeople from Toronto
Toronto Argonauts players
Canadian Football League Rookie of the Year Award winners
The Church League for Women's Suffrage (CLWS) was an organisation campaigning for women's suffrage in the United Kingdom.
The league was started in London, but by 1913 it had branches across England, in Wales and Scotland and Ireland.
Aims and achievements
This organisation aimed to 'Secure the Vote in Church and State as it is, or may be granted to men'. It was over a century later that females were permitted to be ordained as bishops within the Church of England. The Church League in 1914 allowed individuals to participate in other movements for the cause of women's equality but their own organisation's 'only methods.. are those of Prayer and Education". A benefit of the League was to refute the charge that the Church was indifferent to the matter of women's right to vote.
The first woman to preach in a Church of Ireland church, which was done with the approval of the Archbishop of Dublin and the church's governors, was Edith Picton-Turbervill. They were speaking in Ireland under the auspices of the CLWS.
Notable members
The League was founded by the Reverend Claude Hinscliff in 1909, who was its secretary for a long time. Other founding members included Margaret Nevinson and Olive Wharry, and Joan Cather, whose husband Lt. John Leonard Cather was chair of its finance committee.
Notable members included Frances Balfour and Louise Creighton and the more militant Muriel Matters, Florence Canning, the outstanding Maude Royden, Lady Constance Lytton and Katherine Harley. Emily Wilding Davison, who died under the King's horse at Epsom, was a member, and their funeral was held at St George's, Bloomsbury, led by its vicar, Charles Baumgarten (also a member of the League), Claude Hinscliff, and Charles Escreet, Archdeacon of Lewisham.
The Irish Church had resisted the League because it refused to denounce the behaviour of militant suffragettes. By 1913 Florence Canning led the executive committee and they were one of six of the thirteen members identified for their militancy.
The League of the Church Militant
After the end of World War I, and the passage of the Representation of the People Act 1918, which gave votes to many but not all women, the League decided to re-focus its efforts. In 1919 it renamed itself The League of the Church Militant. It continued to lobby to extend the franchise to achieve equality with men (Representation of the People (Equal Franchise) Act 1928), and a range of other theologically liberal causes It also focussed its efforts on the ordination of women. However, its suffrage associations limited its work, and it dissolved shortly before the 1930 Lambeth Conference, a gathering of Anglican Communion bishops from around the world. It was replaced by the Anglican Group for the Ordination of Women to the Historic Ministry (1930-1978).
See also
List of women's organizations
List of women's rights activists
Timeline of women's suffrage
Churches Militant, Penitent, and Triumphant - the phrase "the church militant" refers to Christians on earth, those serving others and working for a better world
References
Bibliography
1909 establishments in the United Kingdom
Anglican feminism
Anglican organizations established in the 20th century
Feminist organisations in the United Kingdom
Organizations established in 1909
Social history of the United Kingdom
Women's suffrage in the United Kingdom
Women's organisations based in the United Kingdom
Ordination of women in the Anglican Communion
The Cheese Market in Hay-on-Wye (), formerly Hay-on-Wye Town Hall, (), is a municipal building in Market Street, Hay-on-Wye, Powys, Wales. The structure, which has been restored with support from the Heritage Lottery Fund so that the first floor can be let out for residential use, is a Grade II listed building.
History
The first municipal building in the town was a market hall which was completed in the 17th century. After the original structure became dilapidated it was demolished, and a local business person, William Enoch, commissioned a butter market which was erected at the east end of the site: it was designed in the style of a Doric Temple, built in rubble masonry and was completed in 1833.
Around the same time, the lord of the manor, Sir Joseph Bailey, 1st Baronet, whose seat was at Glanusk Park, decided to commission a combined cheese market and town hall at the west end of the same site. The new building was designed in the neoclassical style, built in ashlar stone and was completed in 1835. The design involved an asymmetrical main frontage with three bays facing onto Market Street; there were two openings with voussoirs and keystones separated by a Doric order column on the ground floor, and there was also a doorway in the right hand corner. On the first floor, there were three sash windows also with voussoirs and keystones surmounted by wide eaves at roof level. Internally, the principal rooms were the cheese market on the ground floor and an assembly room on the first floor, which was used as a venue for hearings of the manorial court.
In 1867, the then Lord of the Manor and owner of the cheese market, Sir Joseph Bailey, 2nd Baronet, purchased the butter market as well to consolidate their holdings. After significant population growth, largely associated with the status of Hay-on-Wye as a market town, the area became an urban district in 1894. The new urban district council acquired the cheese market from the Glanusk Estate in 1901.
In 1926, the Bishop of Menevia, Francis Vaughan, gave their consent to Catholic Church services being held in the assembly room, which also served as the venue for meetings of the local masonic lodge until new premises at Brecon Road were purchased in 1972. Following local government re-organisation in 1974, ownership of the building passed to Brecknock Borough Council and, following the introduction of unitary authorities in 1996, it passed to Powys County Council. A statue sculpted by Edward Folkard depicting the first Welsh ruler of England, King Henry VII, was affixed to the west end of the building in the mid-1990s.
After serving as the home of the Hay Photography Club for a while, the assembly room then fell vacant and building began to deteriorate. In 2008, the building was acquired by a community interest company, which secured a grant of £286,000 from the Heritage Lottery Fund to carry out restoration works. A mosaic, designed by local artists Shelagh Popham and Pat Birk, was assembled from 900 tiles, each individually sponsored by members of the public to create a representation of the history of the town: the finished item was installed on one of the internal walls on the ground floor. Meanwhile, the programme of improvements to the building, which included the conversion of the assembly room into a private apartment for holiday-makers, was completed in April 2014.
References
Grade II listed buildings in Powys
Government buildings completed in 1835
H
Hay-on-Wye
A Bichon Frisé ( or ; from , , meaning 'curly haired dog') is a small breed of dog of the bichon type.
Etymology
The French word comes from Middle French ('small dog'), a diminutive of Old French ('female dog', cognate with English bitch), from Old English , and related to other Germanic words with the same meaning, including Old Norse , and German . Some speculate the origin of to be the result of the apheresis, or shortening, of the word ('small poodle'), a derivative of ('shaggy dog'); however, this is likely impossible, since the word (attested 1588) is older than (attested 1694). While the English name for the breed, Bichon Frise, is derived from the French meaning 'curly haired small dog'.
History
The Bichon Frisé is often depicted as a French dog. Although the Bichon breed type are originally Spanish, used as sailing dogs, also as herding dogs sometimes, the French developed them into a gentle lap-dog variety. The Bichon type arose from the water dogs, and is descended from the poodle-type dogs and either the Barbet or one of the water spaniel class of breeds. Modern Bichons have developed into four categories: the Bichon Frisé or Tenerife, the Maltese, the Bolognese, and the Havanese. These are often treated as separate breeds.
Because of their merry disposition, the ancestral Bichons travelled much and were often used as barter by Italian sailors as they moved from continent to continent. The dogs found early success in Spain and it is generally believed that Spanish seamen introduced the early breed to Tenerife in the Canary Islands. Their association with European nobility began in the 13th century, entering the royal courts of Spain, Italy and France. In the 14th century, Italian sailors rediscovered the dogs on their voyages and are credited with returning them to continental Europe.
The Tenerife, often simply called the Bichon, had success in France during the Renaissance under Francis I (1515–1547), but its popularity increased in the court of Henry III (1574–1589), when it had become popular amongst French nobility as both a court companion and lap dog.
On 5 March 1933, the official standard of the breed was adopted by the Société Centrale Canine, the national kennel club for France. On 18 October 1934, the Bichon Frisé was admitted to the stud book of the Société Centrale Canine.
The Bichon was brought to the United States in 1955.
The Bichon Frisé became eligible to enter the AKC's Miscellaneous Class on 1 September 1971. In October 1972, the breed was admitted to registration in the American Kennel Club Stud Book. On 4 April 1973, the breed became eligible to show in the Non-Sporting Group at AKC dog shows. In 2001, a Bichon Frisé named J.R. won best-in-show at the Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show. In the United States, the Bichon Frisé was ranked the 40th most popular breed in 2013 according to the American Kennel Club.
The Bichon was introduced into Australia in the 1970s and since its introduction has proved successful as both a show and companion dog. In 1973, two American breeders emigrated to the United Kingdom with two Bichons, who produced a litter of five pups, introducing the breed into the country.
Description
Appearance
The Bichon Frisé is a small dog that weighs approximately and stands at the withers, but slightly larger dogs are not uncommon. The skull is slightly rounded and the muzzle is not pointy. The tail is groomed to be long and curly and is carried over the back. It has a black nose and dark round eyes; its white hair consists of a curly, dense coat with little shedding (much like a poodle in this respect), although many of the breeds do tend to have less curly hair than others. A small amount of buff, cream, or apricot colour may be seen around its ears, snout, paws or body, but normally these colours do not exceed 10% of its body. FCI/AKC Standard coat colour is pure white; other colours such as apricot or grey and brown are not recognised. A white coat is preferred in the show ring. The head and legs are proportionate in size to the body, and the ears and tail are natural (not docked or cropped).
Temperament
The American Kennel Club refers to the Bichon Frisé as "merry" and "curious", and the breed standard calls for a dog that is "gentle mannered, sensitive, playful and affectionate." The dogs are generally very sociable and do well with an owner who takes them along on outings, and are affectionate and intelligent. If affiliated with a particular territory and encouraged by owners, they can become very territorial.
Lifespan
Bichons Frisés in the UK, the United States, and Canada (according to surveys of their owners) have an average life span of about 12–15 years. This breed's longevity is similar to other breeds of its size, and somewhat longer than purebred dogs in general.
The oldest Bichons Frisés for which there are reliable records in various North American surveys have died at 21 years.
In a 2004 UK Kennel Club survey, the leading causes of Bichon Frisé death were old age (23.5%) and cancer (21%). In a 2007 US/Canadian breeders survey, the leading causes of death were cancer (22%), unknown causes (14%), hematologic (11%), and old age (10%). Hematologic causes of death were divided between autoimmune hemolytic anemia (AIHA) and immune-mediated thrombocytopenia (ITP). AIHA and ITP were responsible for the greatest number of Bichon Frisé "years lost" (a measure of the extent to which a condition kills members of a breed prematurely). While cancer is a more common cause of death than AIHA and ITP, Bichons Frisés that died of cancer died at a median age of 12.5 years. Hematologic deaths occurred at a median age of only five years. Bichons Frisés in the UK survey had a lower rate of hematologic deaths (3%) than in the USA/Canada survey (11%).
Health
The Bichon Frisé is a relatively healthy breed. They may have cataracts, diabetes or allergies, which may lead to skin conditions and cause itching resulting in scratching and chewing their paws. Other health conditions that can be seen in Bichon Frisé are patellar luxation, heart disease, and liver disease.
For Bichon Frisé breeders, the Orthopedic Foundation for Animals (OFA) recommends screenings for the following health conditions to receive CHIC certification: Hip Displasia, Patellar Luxation, CERF (eye health), cardiac evaluation, and Legg-Calves-Perthes.
Bichons Frisés are considered to be hypoallergenic as they do not readily shed (moult) and are thus generally suitable for people with allergies.
AIHA and ITP
Autoimmune hemolytic anemia (AIHA, also called immune-mediated hemolytic anemia, or IMHA) and immune-mediated thrombocytopenia (ITP) are responsible for many premature Bichon Frisé deaths. These diseases can strike with little or no warning and kill very quickly. In AIHA, the dog's immune system attacks its own red blood cells, leading to severe, life-threatening anemia. Symptoms include weakness, loss of energy, lack of appetite, vomiting, diarrhea, rapid heart rate, rapid breathing, dark urine, and pale or yellow gums.
ITP often accompanies AIHA. In ITP, blood platelets (which cause blood clotting) are destroyed. The most common clinical signs are haemorrhages of the skin and mucous membranes. Mortality rates of 20% to 80% are reported.
See also
List of dog breeds
References
External links
FCI breeds
Companion dogs
Toy dogs
Dog breeds originating in the Canary Islands
Dog breeds originating in Belgium
Bichon
HG Matthews Brickworks was founded in 1923 by Henry George Matthews and has since been run by their family. It is now managed by their Grandson Jim Matthews. The Matthews brick can be seen in many of the houses in South Buckinghamshire. Almost all new build homes in the Chiltern (district) Council area are built of bricks from this small Brickyard. The firm specialises in traditional brickmaking.
In 2010 Matthews started building a Wood Burning Kiln the aim of which has been to reduce the company's reliance on oil as fuel.
HG Matthews is the largest employer in the village of Bellingdon.
References
Manufacturing companies established in 1923
Companies based in Buckinghamshire
Brick manufacturers
1923 establishments in England
Brickworks in the United Kingdom
Building materials companies of the United Kingdom
The 1994 PGA Tour of Australasia was a series of men's professional golf events played mainly in Australia and New Zealand.
Schedule
The following table lists official events during the 1994 season.
Order of Merit
The Order of Merit was based on prize money won during the season, calculated in Australian dollars.
Notes
References
External links
PGA Tour of Australasia
Australasia
PGA Tour of Australasia
PGA Tour of Australasia
Christmas, with Love is a Christmas album and the fourth studio album by English singer Leona Lewis. It was released on 29 November 2013, by Syco Music and RCA Records. Work on the album began in February 2013, during which Lewis began writing "immediately" after the release of their less-commercially successful album Glassheart (2012). In June 2013, it was revealed (and later confirmed) that Lewis' fourth studio album would be a Christmas album, based on the recommendation of Syco boss Simon Cowell. Lewis enlisted two producers for the album: Richard "Biff" Stannard and Ash Howes, with Lewis themselves contributing to the album's production. This is Lewis' first album to be released in North America since 2009's Echo, as their 2012 album, Glassheart was not released there.
Upon release, Christmas, with Love was met with positive reviews from critics, praising the album's original songs. Other critics noted the album as "one of the best modern Christmas albums in memory." Initially, the album charted at twenty five in the United Kingdom; the following week, the album rose to number thirteen on the chart becoming Lewis' lowest-charting album to date. However, it was certified Gold by the BPI for shipments of 100,000 copies within four weeks of its release, and has since become the thirteenth best selling Christmas album in the United Kingdom as of December 2016. In 2018, the OCC recognised the album on the Official Top 20 biggest Christmas albums of the century list.
The album was preceded by one single "One More Sleep", which was released on 5 November 2013 and debuted at number 34 on the UK Charts. It peaked at number 3 on the UK singles chart. In 2018, One More Sleep was recognised to be one of the biggest Christmas songs in the UK, by the OCC. Furthermore, One More Sleep is certified Platinum by the BPI. Moreover, Lewis promoted the album through a large amount of live performances, including the Regent Street Christmas lights switch-on event in London, England and on the tenth series of The X Factor; this led to the song rising to number 3, which in turn made it Lewis' highest-charting single since 2009's "Happy".
On 19 November 2021, the album was repackaged digitally and on vinyl, entitled Christmas, with Love Always, with two new tracks included. Lewis sang songs from the album whilst touring with Gary Barlow during their All The Hits Live Tour. "Kiss Me It's Christmas" featuring Ne-Yo was one of the new tracks recorded and was released as a single digitally in November 2021.
In November–December 2022, Lewis is scheduled to promote the album by headlining a UK tour called Christmas, with Love Tour.
Background and recording
In February 2013, a representative from Syco Music, Lewis' record label, announced that they were about to start writing and recording material "imminently" for their fourth studio album, and that it would be released in late 2013. The news came after Lewis announced that they had parted ways from Modest! Management, the management team who had represented them since they won the third series of The X Factor in 2006. Various media outlets speculated that this was due to the weak commercial performance of their third studio album, Glassheart, which was released in November 2012. It became their first album to not debut at number one or earn platinum certification in the United Kingdom. It was also reported that the second single from the album, "Lovebird", had sold fewer than 600 copies, meaning it failed to attain one of 200 chart positions on the UK Singles Chart, was another contributing factor to their departure.
In June 2013, speculation arose that Lewis' fourth album would in fact be a Christmas album, after British production duo MagicIT tweeted that they were in a studio recording Christmas songs with the singer. The following month, Lewis confirmed that they were indeed in the process of recording a Christmas album. They revealed that it was recorded on the recommendation of Syco boss Simon Cowell. Speaking about the decision to record a Christmas album at this point in their career in July 2013, further explained how Cowell had come up with the idea: "Simon is still very much involved in my career and helps me out. They came up with the Christmas album idea, and we both kind of felt it was the right time to go ahead with it."
In an interview for Billboard magazine in November 2013, Lewis stated that they had thought about doing a Christmas album for a while, but did not intend on releasing one in for Christmas 2013, as they thought them they would be writing and recording the follow up to Glassheart instead after they had finished their Glassheart Tour, which lasted from April to July and saw their tour Germany, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. However, they decided that they wanted to do something "a bit different" instead. Recording sessions began during the summer in Brighton, England; speaking about recording Christmas songs during the heatwave that struck the country, Lewis said "We turned up the A/C, basically." Lewis unveiled the artwork for Christmas, with Love on 4 November 2013. It has a vintage theme, which includes the track list on the front cover, as well as nine different photos of Lewis posing with various Christmas objects.
Composition
Lewis revealed the album's track list on 4 November 2013. It comprises three original songs co-written by Lewis, "One More Sleep", "Mr Right" and "Your Hallelujah", and seven covers.
Singles and other charted songs
"One More Sleep" was released as the lead single from Christmas, with Love. It was co-written by Lewis with Richard "Biff" Stannard, Iain James, Jez Ashurst and Bradford Ellis, and produced by Stannard and Howes. Lewis carried out the vocal production with Stannard and Howes, too. It was released in the United States on 5 November 2013, and in Ireland and the United Kingdom on 29 November. Due to strong digital sales upon the release of the album in Ireland, Lewis' rendition of "O Holy Night" entered the Irish Singles Chart at number 86 for the week ending 14 December 2013. Lewis' version of "Ave Maria" charted the US, on the Holiday Digital Songs Sales (Billboard) chart at number 34.
"Kiss Me It's Christmas" featuring Ne-Yo was released in November 2021. Despite no promotion for the single, the song debuted on the UK Singles Chart at number 99, on the week commencing 31st December 2021.
Release and promotion
Christmas, with Love was released on 29 November 2013 in Germany, Ireland and Switzerland. It was followed by the United Kingdom on 2 December, Canada, Italy and the United States on 3 December. In the US, Lewis autographed a limited amount of Christmas, with Love album covers which were made available to people who pre-ordered a copy on Walmart online. Throughout November, Lewis embarked on a radio and print promotional tour in the UK and gave interviews about the album with various radio stations, magazines and newspapers, including Heat magazine, Radar magazine, and the Daily Mirror.
Lewis embarked on a promotional tour across Europe prior to the album's release. On 9 November 2013, Lewis performed "One More Sleep" and "White Christmas" for the first time at the Regent Street Christmas lights switch-on event in London, England. Other musical performers included Passenger and Eliza Doolittle. On 22 November, the singer gave a free concert in Zurich, Switzerland, at the NRJ Energy Stars for Free Festival in front of audience of 13,000 people. Lewis performed "Winter Wonderland" live for the first time on Daybreak in the UK on 29 November 2013, where they were also interviewed about the album. The following evening, Lewis performed a short set at London's G-A-Y nightclub. In the United States, Lewis appeared on NBC's Today morning show on 4 December in New York City to talk about the album. On the same day, they performed at the Rockefeller Center Christmas Tree lighting event, where they performed "White Christmas", "One More Sleep" and "I Wish It Could Be Christmas Everyday". The following day on 5 December, Lewis made an appearance on Live with Kelly and Michael. Lewis performed "One More Sleep" live at the semi-finals of the tenth series of The X Factor on 8 December 2013.
In December 2021, Lewis promoted the album, singing One More Sleep on several TV appearances, such as This Morning, The Jonathan Ross Show, and I Can See Your Voice, and sang "O Holy Night" at the Royal Carols: Together at Christmas concert, hosted by Catherine, Dutchess of Cambridge, at Westminster Abbey. Lewis sang several songs from the album, including "One More Sleep", whilst touring with Gary Barlow on their All The Hits Live Tour across November and December 2021.
In November and December 2022, Lewis plans to headline a UK tour promoting the album, the tour billed as Christmas, with Love Tour.
Critical reception
The album received generally favourable reviews from critics, with some praising Leona for their vocals but not the material produced. Alexis Petridis from The Guardian gave the album two out of five stars and praised its three original songs. They called "Your Hallelujah" a "spectral ballad", and said that "One More Sleep" and "Mr Right" were "enjoyable", but said that covers of songs such as "Christmas (Baby Please Come Home)" and "Winter Wonderland" were "tinged with a sense of pointlessness". AllMusic gave the album four out of five stars, saying "she gets a greater chance to sing here than they did on their third album, Glassheart, which is reason enough to enjoy the album, but better still is that the Spector salute largely works." and commenting "It's one of the best modern Christmas albums in memory."
Commercial performance
In Ireland, Christmas, with Love debuted at number 45 for the week ending 5 December 2013, and rose to number 36 the following week. In the United Kingdom, Music Week writer Paul Williams released a midweek chart reveal on 5 December stating that the album was currently at number 18 on the UK Albums Chart. Williams wrote that the album would be Lewis' lowest charting release to date, following Spirit, number one in 2007; Echo, number one in 2009; and Glassheart, number three in 2012. However, the album officially debuted at number 25 on the chart on 8 December, selling 9,000 copies. and at number 10 on the UK Digital Chart on the same day. In its second week, Christmas, With Love rose to number 13 on the UK Albums Chart, with a further 14,266 copies sold. In Scotland, the album debuted at number 29, and number 42 in Switzerland. Christmas, With Love debuted at 113 on the US Billboard 200 chart, and number 37 on the US Holiday Albums chart. The album has sold 23,000 copies in the US as of August 2015.
Track listing
All songs produced by Richard "Biff" Stannard and Ash Howes, with vocal production from Stannard, Howes and Leona Lewis.
Charts and certifications
Weekly charts
Christmas With Love Always, 2021 Repack
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
References
2013 Christmas albums
Leona Lewis albums
Christmas albums by English artists
Pop Christmas albums
RCA Records Christmas albums
Syco Music albums
The Altmann was an automobile made by Kraftfahrzeug-Werke GmbH, Brandenburg/Havel from 1905 to 1907. It was one of only a handful of German steam car makes, and was quite advanced for the era. Its valve timing engine allowed it to follow the Gardner-Serpollet principle, though the engine differed from that design in other aspects. Its three cylinders allowed it to produce . Its use of a condensation system and ensuing low consumption of water gave it an effective range of around on a single tank of water. The death of its designer, Adolf Altmann, prevented it from being built on a large scale. The firm later went on to build electric cars.
References
Hans-Otto Neubauer, "Altmann", in G.N. Georgano, ed., The Complete Encyclopedia of Motorcars 1885-1968 (New York: E.P. Dutton and Co., 1974), pp. 38.
Defunct motor vehicle manufacturers of Germany
Steam cars
Menominee Tribe of Wis. v. United States, 577 U.S. ___ (2016), was a case in which the Supreme Court of the United States clarified when litigants are entitled to equitable tolling of a statute of limitations. In a unanimous opinion written by Justice Samuel Alito, the Court held that the plaintiff in this case was not entitled to equitable tolling of the statute of limitations because they did not demonstrate that "extraordinary circumstances" prevented the timely filing of the lawsuit.
Background
This case began as a contract dispute between the Menominee Tribe of Wisconsin and the federal government where the tribe alleged that the federal government failed to adequately fund aid programs under the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act of 1975. The federal government argued that the Tribe should not have been allowed to bring their claims because they were not filed within the Contract Disputes Act's six-year statute of limitations. The Tribe, on the other hand, argued that the statute of limitations should be equitably tolled because a similar class action suit was pending for 707 days before the Tribe filed suit. The United States District Court for the District of Columbia ruled that the Tribe was not entitled to equitable tolling because they did not demonstrate "extraordinary circumstances", which are a prerequisite for a claim for equitable tolling. On appeal, the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit affirmed the district court's ruling, and the Supreme Court of the United States ultimately granted certiorari to resolve a circuit split about the circumstances under which litigants are entitled to equitable tolling.
Opinion of the Court
In a unanimous opinion written by Justice Samuel Alito, the Court held that the tribe was not entitled to equitable tolling of the statute of limitations. Citing Holland v. Florida, Justice Alito reaffirmed that litigants are only entitled to equitable tolling if they diligently pursue their claims and that "extraordinary circumstances" prevented timely filing. Citing Pace v. DiGuglielmo, Justice Alito also reaffirmed that these two factors are "elements" that should be considered together, and that they are "not merely factors of indeterminate or commensurable weight." Justice Alito held that the tribe did not demonstrate extraordinary circumstances in this case, and was therefore not entitled to equitable tolling.
Commentary and analysis
In their review of the case for SCOTUSblog, Ronald Mann observed that "the case is likely to cast a shadow over equitable tolling cases for years to come" and suggested that "[f]uture Indian tribes with similar problems may well wish that the tribe in this case had accepted its defeat at the court of appeals without pushing for such a stern limitation on the doctrine from the Supreme Court itself."
See also
Menominee Tribe v. United States
List of United States Supreme Court cases
Lists of United States Supreme Court cases by volume
List of United States Supreme Court cases by the Roberts Court
Notes
References
External links
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Supreme Court cases of the Roberts Court
2016 in United States case law
Menominee tribe
Statutes of limitations
United States Native American case law
Native American history of Wisconsin
Dabo River Caprice ( 达勃河随想曲 ) is a work
for Chinese Orchestra, composed by They Xuntian in 1982.
Introduction
This piece consists of two movement, the first being adagio and the second, allegretto. It depicts the exotic beauty of Dabo River and the joyful scene of Baima Tibetans living there. For the first time, grand chorus was included in folk orchestral music.
This piece was composed in 1982. It has won a number of prizes, including the 1st Prize in the Third National Musical Compositions Competition. It has been performed in more than ten countries around the world.
Instrumentation
Dabo River Caprice is scored for the following orchestra:
Woodwinds
Bangdi (梆笛) I, II
Qudi (曲笛) I, II
Hengxiao (横箫) I, II
Gaoyin sheng (soprano sheng; 高音笙)
Zhongyin sheng (alto sheng; 中音笙)
Zhongyin guan (alto guan; 中音管)
Diyin guan (bass guan; 低音管) I, II
Plucked strings
Pipa (琵琶) I, II
Yangqin (扬琴)
Zhongruan (中阮)
Daruan (大阮)
Konghou (箜篌)
Percussion
Timpani (定音鼓)
Vibraphone (颤音琴)
Xylophone (木琴)
Tubular bells (管钟)
Suspended cymbal (吊镲)
Maracas (沙锤)
Tambourine (铃鼓)
Temple block (大木鱼)
Pengling (碰铃)
Paigu (排鼓)
Yunluo (云锣)
Voices
Folk soprano (民风女高音)
Folk tenor (民风男高音)
Bowed strings
Gaohu (高胡)
Erhu (二胡)
Zhonghu (中胡)
Gehu (革胡)
Diyingehu (bass gehu; 低音革胡)
Notably missing from the instrumentation are the suona family of instruments, the diyin sheng (bass sheng) and liuqin.
Due to the limited adoption of gehu and diyingehu, many Chinese orchestras use the cello and double bass as substitutes for these parts.
Performance
Dabo River Caprice
8 February 2003, John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts
China Broadcasting Chinese Orchestra
Dabo River Caprice
6 February 2003, Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts
China Broadcasting Chinese Orchestra
References
External links
Dabo River Caprice published by People's Music Publishing House 2008
Compositions by They Xuntian
1982 compositions
This is a list of the ambassadors of the United States to the Marshall Islands. The Office of the U.S. Representative was opened at Majuro on October 21, 1986. It was upgraded to an embassy on September 6, 1989. Karen B. Stewart is the current United States Ambassador to the Marshall Islands. They were nominated by President Barack Obama on November 5, 2015 was confirmed by the U.S. Senate on May 17, 2016. They succeeded Thomas Armbruster.
Ambassadors
Samuel B. Thomsen – Career FSO
State of Residency: California
Title: Representative
Appointment: Jun 15, 1987
Presentation of Credentials: Jul 11, 1987
Termination of Mission: Left post, Jul 11, 1990
William Bodde, Jr. – Career FSO
State of Residency: Maryland
Title: Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary
Appointment: Jun 27, 1990
Presentation of Credentials: Aug 6, 1990
Termination of Mission: Left post, Jun 28, 1992
David C. Fields – Career FSO
State of Residency: California
Title: Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary
Appointment: Jul 7, 1992
Presentation of Credentials: Aug 19, 1992
Termination of Mission: Left post, May 15, 1995
Joan M. Plaisted – Career FSO
State of Residency: California
Title: Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary
Appointment: Dec 19, 1995
Presentation of Credentials: Feb 9, 1996
Termination of Mission: Left post Jul 28, 2000
Note: Also accredited to Kiribati; resident at Majuro.
Michael J. Senko – Career FSO
State of Residency: District of Columbia
Title: Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary
Appointment: Dec 28, 2000
Presentation of Credentials: Jan 26, 2001
Termination of Mission: Left post Aug 2, 2003
Note: Also accredited to Kiribati; resident at Majuro.
Greta N. Morris – Career FSO
State of Residency: California
Title: Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary
Appointment: Jul 1, 2003
Presentation of Credentials: Aug 26, 2003
Termination of Mission: Left post, Aug 2, 2006
Clyde Bishop – Career FSO
State of Residency: Delaware
Title: Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary
Appointment: Jul 18, 2006
Presentation of Credentials: Dec 7, 2006
Termination of Mission: January 20, 2009
Martha Campbell – Career FSO
State of Residency: Michigan
Title: Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary
Appointment: August 21, 2009
Presentation of Credentials: September 7, 2009
Termination of Mission: July 11, 2012
Thomas Hart Armbruster - Career FSO
State of Residency: New York
Title: Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary
Appointment: August 2, 2012
Presentation of Credentials: Sep 6, 2012
Termination of Mission: May 25, 2016
Karen B. Stewart - Career FSO
State of Residency: Unknown
Title: Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary
Appointment: June 6, 2016
Presentation of Credentials: July 25, 2016
Termination of Mission: January 27, 2020
Roxanne Cabral
Appointment: December 31, 2019
Presentation of Credentials: February 6, 2020
Termination of Mission: Incumbent
See also
Marshall Islands – United States relations
Foreign relations of the Marshall Islands
Ambassadors of the United States
References
United States Department of State: Background notes on the Marshall Islands
External links
United States Department of State: Chiefs of Mission for the Marshall Islands
United States Department of State: Marshall Islands
United States Embassy in Majuro
Marshall Islands
United States
Maria Orbeli () (1916 — 1949) was a Soviet physicist of Armenian origin. They were the daughter of well-known Soviet physiologist and academician Leon Orbeli.
Biography
Maria Orbeli was born to parents Leon Orbeli and Elizabeth Aladjova in 1916. They belonged to renowned Armenian clan of scientists, whose ancestors were known from twelve centuries. In 1938, Orbeli graduated from Leningrad University and began to work at Voeikov Observatory. From 1939 to 1949, they worked in Khlopin Radium Institute. Orbeli studied nuclear physics and the division of uranium under the influence of neutrons. During their work, they got sick with acute radiation syndrome, which lead to their death.
Maria Orbeli was buried at the Bogoslovskoe Cemetery in 1949.
See also
Orbeli family
References
Maria
Soviet Armenians
1916 births
1949 deaths
Burials at Bogoslovskoe Cemetery
Soviet physicists
St. George's Anglican Church is an historic Carpenter Gothic style Anglican church building located at 216 Main Street in Parrsboro, Nova Scotia, Canada.
History
Rev. Thomas Shreve, was the first rector of St. George's parish and stayed for 15 years (1787–1803). The Parish of St. Georges was established by Order in Council in 1786 and at one time had seven churches along the shore from Apple River to Truro.
Built around 1865, the current church's steep pitched roof, corner belfry with spire, and lancet windows are typical of Carpenter Gothic churches. St. George's is part of the Parrsboro/Port Greville Parish in the Anglican Diocese of Nova Scotia and Prince Edward Island. The Rev'd Tory Byrne is the rector. The present building is the third the church has had since its founding in 1786. St. George's is a municipally registered heritage site as designated by the City of Parrsboro on September 28, 1987.
References
Anglican church buildings in Nova Scotia
19th-century Anglican church buildings in Canada
Carpenter Gothic church buildings in Nova Scotia
Heritage sites in Nova Scotia
Buildings and structures in Cumberland County, Nova Scotia
Tourist attractions in Cumberland County, Nova Scotia
1860s establishments in Nova Scotia
The Nottingham Challenger (also known as the LTA Nottingham Challenger or LTA Summer Challenger) was an annual tennis tournament played in Nottingham, England. The tournament was part of the ATP Challenger Tour. The tournament was originally held on hard courts in late October before being moved to the beginning of July and grass courts as a follow-up event to the Wimbledon Championships.
Past finals
Singles
Doubles
See also
Nottingham Open (ATP/WTA tournament started in 1970)
Nottingham Trophy (Challenger tournament started in 2009)
References
ATP Challenger Tour
Hard court tennis tournaments
Grass court tennis tournaments
Tennis tournaments in England
Sport in Nottingham
Recurring sporting events established in 2002
2002 establishments in England
Recurring sporting events disestablished in 2007
2007 disestablishments in England
Marshall Robert Loeb (May 30, 1929 – December 9, 2017) was an American author, editor, commentator and columnist specializing in business matters, who spent 38 years in the Time Inc. publication network which included service as managing editor of both Fortune and Money magazines. The New York Times called them "one of the most visible and influential editors in the magazine industry".
Biography
Loeb grew up on the West Side of Chicago. They were awarded a degree in journalism from the University of Missouri. After graduating, they were employed as a foreign correspondent in Germany and was hired as a reporter by St. Louis Globe-Democrat. They took a position with Time where they worked from 1956 to 1980, writing and editing more than 130 cover articles during their time with the magazine. They were named managing editor of Money magazine, serving in that position from 1980 to 1986, and filled the same role at Fortune from 1986 to 1994.
During their tenure at Fortune, Loeb was credited with expanding the traditional focus on business and the economy with added graphs, charts and tables, as well as the addition of articles on topics such as executive life, and social issues connected to the world of business, such as the effectiveness of public schools and on homelessness. Loeb stepped down as managing editor of Fortune in May 1994 upon hitting Time Inc.'s mandatory retirement age of 65 after 38 years working for the company's network of magazines, to be replaced by Walter Kiechel III, an executive editor at the publication.
Their commentaries were syndicated in the Your Money column in publications nationwide and their Your Dollars was broadcast on the CBS Radio Network. They were a former president of the American Society of Magazine Editors. The Columbia Journalism Review appointed them to serve as the publication's editor in December 1996, succeeding Suzanne Braun Levine.
Plunging into Politics, a 1964 book coauthored with Conservative author William Safire provides a guide on getting into politics for interested amateurs, recommending that the best way to get involved is to start at the bottom by volunteering and working on political campaigns starting at the precinct level. The book emphasizes that being rich or a lawyer may help, but that both major parties in the U.S. need people who are willing, able and resourceful. Their book Marshall Loeb's Lifetime Financial Strategies was published in January 1996 by Little, Brown and Company.
After Maryland Public Television dropped Louis Rukeyser in March 2002 as host of the Wall $treet Week program they had created 32 years earlier, Loeb and retired economics correspondent for CBS News Ray Brady were tapped to fill the hosting responsibilities during a three-month period while the program format was revamped.
Loeb died of Parkinson's disease in Manhattan, at the age of 88. They were survived by their two children, Michael (1955) and Margret (1956) and six grandchildren. Their wife, Peggy, died on October 26, 2010. Their son Michael is the co-founder of Synapse Group, a magazine distribution company.
Bibliography
Awards
1975 Gerald Loeb Award for Magazines for "Faisal and Oil," Time
1996 Gerald Loeb Lifetime Achievement Award
References
External links
1929 births
2017 deaths
American magazine editors
American male journalists
20th-century American Jews
Writers from Chicago
University of Missouri alumni
St. Louis Globe-Democrat people
Fortune (magazine) people
Gerald Loeb Award winners for Magazines
Gerald Loeb Lifetime Achievement Award winners
21st-century American Jews
Presidents of the American Society of Magazine Editors
Oglala Lakota College (OLC) is a public tribal land-grant community college in Kyle, South Dakota. It enrolls 1,456 students enrolled part- and full-time. OLC serves the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation, which has a population of about 26,000 and covers 3,468 square miles in southwestern South Dakota.
History
OLC is chartered by the Oglala Sioux Tribal Council in 1971. In 1994, the college was designated a land-grant college alongside 31 other tribal colleges.
Governance
OLC is governed by a 13-member Board of Trustees.
Campus
OLC has a decentralized campus system. There are OLC instructional centers in each of the nine districts across Pine Ridge Reservation in South Dakota. There are college instructional centers in Rapid City and on the Cheyenne River Indian Reservation.
Academics
From its initial status as a community college, Oglala Lakota has grown to now offer Baccalaureate degrees and a master's degree in Lakota Leadership along with certificates and A.A. degrees. OLC is accredited by the Higher Learning Commission of the North Central Accrediting Agency to offer degrees at the associate's, bachelor's, and master's levels. Education graduates are certified by the South Dakota Division of Education to teach in K-12 elementary systems and to serve in school administrative capacities. OLC nursing graduates are certified by the South Dakota State Board of Nursing and eligible to sit for the registered nurse examination. The social work program is accredited at the bachelor's degree level.
Partnerships
OLC is a member of the American Indian Higher Education Consortium (AIHEC), which is a community of tribally and federally chartered institutions working to strengthen tribal nations and make a lasting difference in the lives of American Indians and Alaska Natives. OLC was created in response to the higher education needs of American Indians. OLC generally serves geographically isolated populations that have no other means accessing education beyond the high school level.
References
External links
Official website
American Indian Higher Education Consortium
Educational institutions established in 1971
Community colleges in South Dakota
Buildings and structures in Oglala Lakota County, South Dakota
Education in Oglala Lakota County, South Dakota
Two-year colleges in the United States
The 1963 Giro di Lombardia was the 57th edition of the Giro di Lombardia cycle race and was held on 19 October 1963. The race started in Milan and finished in Como. The race was won by Jo de Roo of the Saint-Raphaël team.
General classification
References
1963
Giro di Lombardia
Giro di Lombardia
1963 Super Prestige Pernod
Rickard Hugg (born 18 January 1999) is a Swedish professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for Skellefteå AIK of the Swedish Hockey League (SHL).
Playing career
Hugg made their SHL debut playing for Leksands IF in December 2016, and played 11 games with the team during the 2016–17 SHL season.
With ambition to play in the NHL and despite passing through the 2017 NHL Entry Draft, Hugg was selected 94th overall at the 2017 CHL Import Draft by the Kitchener Rangers of the Ontario Hockey League (OHL).
They played two seasons in North America with the Rangers, contributing offensively with 73 points in just 62 games in the 2018–19 season.
On 16 April 2019, while still draft eligible Hugg opted to return to Sweden to continue their development, agreeing to a two-year contract with Skellefteå AIK of the SHL.
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
Kitchener Rangers players
Leksands IF players
People from Hudiksvall Municipality
Skellefteå AIK players
Sportspeople from Gävleborg County
Swedish ice hockey centres
Swedish ice hockey left wingers
St. Rose of Lima Park is a split Sacramento RT Light Rail station, located near the park named in honor of Rose of Lima, in Downtown Sacramento, California. From the RT light rail's inception in 1987, it consisted of only two platforms at the vicinity: the northbound one (towards Watt/I-80) at the intersection of 9th and K Streets, and the former southbound one at 7th and K Streets. When RT expanded the light rail system in 2007 to serve Sacramento Valley station, it added the northbound-only 8th and K Streets station. Today, the 9th street platform is marked as "St. Rose of Lima Park" while the platform in the middle on 8th Street is simply marked as "8th and K".
The 9th & K platform is served by the Blue Line only, while the 8th & K platform is served by the Gold and Green Lines. With a daily average of 3,900 riders, the St. Rose of Lima Park station is the third busiest in the RT light rail system behind Meadowview and 16th Street stations. It serves the Golden 1 Center, nearby downtown office buildings and Downtown Commons (formerly Downtown Plaza), an entertainment and shopping complex that anchors the arena.
Closure of 7th & K
The original southbound 7th & K station platform was built in 1987, and was located on K Street between 7th and 8th Streets. It was moved in 2010 to its current location on 7th Street south of K Street, just around the corner of the same block. It was served by all three RT light rail lines at the time, although only the Blue Line originally served the platform before the relocation. Despite the "new" 7th & K station being across the street from the new Golden 1 Center, it was one block north of the 7th & Capitol station platform. RT officials deemed the location too close to another light rail station, and also considered the design inadequate due to being on a slope in the block. So after extensive feedback, the 7th & Capitol platform was closed from 2015 to 2016 for renovations, also to handle passenger loads for the Sacramento Kings home games at Golden 1 Center. When that station reopened, 7th & K was closed permanently on September 30, 2016.
Platforms and tracks
See also
Sacramento Regional Transit District
References
Sacramento Regional Transit light rail stations
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1987
Railway stations closed in 2016
"You Don't Have to Be a Star (To Be in My Show)" is a song written by James Dean and John Glover‎ and popularized by the husband/wife duo of Marilyn McCoo and Billy Davis, Jr., former members of the vocal group The 5th Dimension. Released from their album, I Hope We Get to Love in Time, it became a crossover success, spending six months on the charts and soaring to No. 1 on both the Billboard Hot 100 and Hot Soul Singles charts during late 1976 and early 1977. It also reached No. 6 on Billboard's Easy Listening chart and No. 7 on the UK Singles Chart. It would eventually be certified gold, selling over one million copies, and winning the couple a Grammy Award for Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals in 1977.
Personnel
Marilyn McCoo - vocals
Billy Davis, Jr. - vocals
James Jamerson - bass
Horrace Ott - concertmaster
Chart performance
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
All-time charts
Other versions
Geri Reischl and Barry Williams performed the song in a 1977 episode of The Brady Bunch Variety Hour.
In 1978, Ralph Carter and Janet Jackson performed it in the Season 5 finale of the CBS sitcom Good Times. At the time, Carter and Jackson were 16 and 11 years old, respectively.
References
External links
Lyrics of this song
1976 singles
1976 songs
Male–female vocal duets
Songs about entertainers
Songs about the media
Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles
Cashbox number-one singles
RPM Top Singles number-one singles
ABC Records singles
Marilyn McCoo songs
Songs written by James Dean (songwriter)
Song recordings produced by Don Davis (record producer)
Kokre is a village in Municipality of Prilep, North Macedonia. It used to be part of the former municipality of Vitolište.
Demographics
According to the 2002 census, the village had a total of 7 inhabitants. Ethnic groups in the village include:
Macedonians 7
References
Villages in Prilep Municipality
Laghi is an Italian word meaning lakes and thus features in numerous toponyms. It may also refer to:
People
Pio Laghi (1922–2009), Italian cardinal
Renato Laghi (born 1944), Italian racing cyclist
Places
Laghi, Veneto, village in the province of Vicenza in north-eastern Italy
See also
Valle dei Laghi
Pinjala Ananda Rao was an Indian film producer known for their work in Telugu cinema. They have mostly produced and distributed mythological and folklore films under the production house Ananda Lakshmi Art Movies. In 1976, they produced Seeta Kalyanam was screened at the BFI London Film Festival, Chicago International Film Festival
Selected filmography
Seeta Kalyanam
Lakshmi Pooja
Maha Shakthi
Vikramarka Vijayam
Jaganmohini
References
Telugu film producers
Film producers from Andhra Pradesh
A city map is a large-scale thematic map of a city (or part of a city) created to enable the fastest possible orientation in an urban space. The graphic representation of objects on a city map is therefore usually greatly simplified, and reduced to generally understood symbology.
Depending upon its target group or market, a city map will include not only the city's transport network, but also other important information, such as city sights or public institutions.
Content and design
The scale of a city map is usually between 1:10,000 and 1:25,000. Densely settled downtown areas will sometimes be partly drawn in a larger scale, on a separate detail map.
In addition to linear true to scale maps, there are also maps with variable scale, for example where the scale gradually increases towards the city centre (aerial photography, and photogrammetry methods).
Central to the information provided by a city map is the street network, including its street names (often supplemented by at least a selection of individual house numbers), along with buildings, parks and waterways. Streets and points of interest are usually also listed in a legend or register, locating objects on a map grid on the map. Important places such as administrative buildings, cultural institutions, attractions, etc. may be highlighted with the assistance of pictograms. The map may also be complemented by representations of public transport facilities.
History
Ancient Near East
As early as the time of the Ancient Near East, clay tablets were being produced with scaled, graphical representations of cities. Excavations of the Sumerian city of Nippur brought to light a fragment of an approximately 3,500-year-old city map, which is sometimes referred to as the oldest known city map. The clay tablet depicts the temple of Enlil, a city park, the city wall including its gates, along with a canal and the river Euphrates. The individual objects on this map were already labelled, in a Sumerian cuneiform.
Late Middle Ages
In manuscripts and early printed books of the Late Middle Ages, cities are often shown in profile, or viewed from an elevated standpoint. Nautical charts of that time sometimes depict partly stylized cityscapes drawn in pictogram form - for example in Cristoforo Buondelmonti's Liber insularum archipelagi (Book of Islands), from the year 1422.
The Nuremberg Chronicle, which first appeared in 1493, is one of the most important collections of city views of the late Middle Ages, with over 100 such illustrations. Nevertheless, panoramas like this one, or the one in Bernhard von Breydenbach's Travelogue from 1483, had more narrative or representative functions.
Illustrated in these works are the local conditions and relevant characteristics - such as ports, magnificent buildings, walls, etc. - as a background for highlighting historical descriptions or economic benefits of the city. On the other hand, less emphasis was placed on accuracy: in the Nuremberg Chronicle, merely one quarter of the city views represented the actual appearance of the subject city, and some individual images were even used simultaneously to represent several different cities.
Renaissance
In the 16th century, the artists and scholars of the Renaissance had extensive knowledge of mathematical perspectives and projections. This knowledge also affected the work of cartographers and the production of cityscapes (especially in Italy). A key innovation was that the city was no longer portrayed simply from an imaginary or real perspective, but drawn initially as a two-dimensional map, and then, using a process of accurate perspective drawing, transformed into a three-dimensional image. An early example of a geometrically exact and highly detailed work of this kind is the city map of Venice created by Jacopo de' Barbari in around 1500.
Whereas the illustrations of the late Middle Ages are usually still simple small-format woodcuts, an increasingly common process from 1500 onwards was the creation of prints from huge woodcuts and woodblocks. Jacopo de' Barbari's map of Venice was already as large as x , and consisted of six individual panels. From the middle of the 16th century, the copperplate process, originating in Antwerp, began to compete with the woodcut, and allowed far more refined and detailed illustrations.
19th Century pocket atlases
One of the first city pocket atlases, and the first pocket atlas of London, was "Collins' Illustrated Atlas of London" published in 1854 and drawn and engraved by Richard Jarman.
See also
3D city model
Cartography
Street map
References
Notes
External links
Base Map and its Contents of a city for Urban Planning
Map types
Jiang (, also romanized Chiang, Kong, Kang) is a Chinese surname, accounting for 0.26% of the Han Chinese population. It is the 52nd most common Chinese surname and is the 141st surname listed in the Hundred Family Surnames poem, contained in the line 江童顏郭 (Jiāng, Tóng, Yán, Guō). It is the 74th most common surname in China (2007), and the 25th most common surname in Taiwan (2010).
Origins
After Boyi helped Yu the Great bring flood control to near yellow river, Yu's son and successor Qi of Xia offered Boyi's son, Xuanzhong, the position of Lord of Jiangdi ( - modern Jiangling County in Hubei Province). Boyi's descendants ruled the area as kings of an autonomous "River Kingdom" () during the Shang Dynasty and Western Zhou Dynasty, with its capital city near today's Zhengyang County, Henan Province.
During the Spring and Autumn period, the kingdom was often under attack from the neighboring states of Chu, Song, and Qi, each of which was larger than the "River Kingdom". While defending from neighbors' attacks, the Jiang state also had to deal with the Huai River's frequent flooding, which often inundated the kingdom's central areas. These difficulties prevented Jiang from developing significant economic or military power. It survived until 623 BC when it was destroyed by Chu.
At the time of the kingdom's destruction, many of its surviving inhabitants fled to what is now Henan Province and took the kingdom's name, "Jiang", as their clan name (shi).
Notable people named 江
Johnny Chiang (江啓臣), Taiwanese politician, leader of Kuomintang
Jiang Zemin (江泽民), former General Secretary of the Chinese Communist Party
March Kong Fong Eu (江月桂), first Asian American woman elected to state constitutional office in US
John Chiang, Californian politician
Jiang Kanghu, Chinese politician and activist
Jiang Hongjie, Chinese politician and activist
Jody Chiang (江蕙), Taiwanese pop singer
Jiang Yu Chen (江語晨), Taiwanese pop singer
Maggie Chiang (江美琪), Taiwanese pop singer
Jiang Zhujiu, Chinese Go player
Jiang Dihua, mathematician
Jiang Heping, CCTV executive
Jiang Hong, Chinese footballer
Jiang Wen-Ye, Taiwanese composer
Mingjiu Jiang, Chinese professional Go player
Jiang Chaozong, Chinese general and Premier of the Republic of China
Jiang Yan, Southern Dynasty poet
Empress Jiang, Liu Song dynasty empress
Jiang Qian, Chinese intellectual
Chiang Pin-kung, Chairperson of Straits Exchanges Foundation (2008–2012)
Jiang Yuyuan, Chinese gymnast
Chiang Sheng, Taiwanese martial arts actor
Jiang Zhujiu, Chinese Go player
Leslie Kong, Chinese Jamaican record producer
Wah Kau Kong (1919–1944), Chinese-American fighter pilot
Kong Duen-Yee (江端仪, 1923–1966), Hong Kong actor
Cecilia Chiang (Chiang Sun Yun) (江孫芸; 1920–2020), a Chinese-American restaurateur and chef, best known for founding and managing the Mandarin Restaurant in San Francisco, California.
Philip Chiang, son of Cecilia Chiang, co-founder of P. F. Chang's China Bistro
Chopin Kiang, Nevada Dept. of Education First Cultural Diversity And First Asian American State Administrator.
References
Chinese-language surnames
Individual Chinese surnames
Hot spell may refer to:
A heat wave
Hot Spell, a 1958 film
"Hot Spells", an episode of Darkwing Duck
Nikari is a village in Sandi block of Hardoi district, Uttar Pradesh, India. It is located 8km away from Sandi, which is the nearest city. The village has one primary school, and the main staple crops are wheat and rice. As of 2011, the population of Nikari is 1,878, in 283 households.
The 1961 census recorded Nikari as comprising 3 hamlets, with a total population of 607 (312 male and 295 female), in 110 households and 91 physical houses. The area of the village was given as 470 acres.
The 1981 census recorded Nikari as having a population of 915, in 158 households, and covering an area of 185.75 hectares.
References
Villages in Hardoi district
The telecommunication systems in Vanuatu provide voice and data services to the island nation.
Telephone
The country calling code is 678. The mobile phone system had 137,000 connections as of 2012. The operators are Vodafone – (GSM) (EDGE) and Digicel – (GSM) (HSPA+/3G) (EDGE). The fixed-line telephone system included 5,800 connections as of that year. It is operated by Vodafone.
The system is served by copper wire on the main island aided by radio links in outer islands. Satellite service is provided by Intelsat (Pacific Ocean).
Radio
The nation has 2 AM, 4 FM, and 1 shortwave stations as of 2004. The count of radios was 62,000 in 1997.
Television
The two television broadcast stations are 1NOMO TV Channel (Terrestrial- & web-distributed, English & Bislama content) and Television Blong Vanuatu (Terrestrial-distributed, Bislama & French content)
Three Pay-TV (local) providers offered service as of 2011:
Telsat Pacific (Terrestrial-distributed, English content)
CanalSat (Satellite-distributed, French content)
Servicom (Satellite-distributed, English content)
Internet
Vanuatu's country code (Top level domain) is .vu. It is managed by Telecom Vanuatu Limited (Vodafone Vanuatu) as "VUNIC".
Internet Service Providers (ISPs)
Digicel Vanuatu Limited – Provides WIMAX (1Mbit/s - 20Mbit/s), 3G & GPRS mobile internet services. Off-island connectivity is provided via fibre optic cable. The minimum speed offered for fixed internet is 1Mbit/s on residential packages.
Business packages are offered in speeds of 1Mbit/s to 20Mbit/s and can be tailored to individual requirements. Business internet packages can be either shared or dedicated bandwidth. WAN, IPLC & other business data services are offered. Digicel has the widest coverage of any operator in Vanuatu and is the only operator capable of providing fixed internet services in many outer island locations.
Telecom Vanuatu Limited (TVL) – Provides WIMAX (256kb – 1Mb), ADSL (128kb – 1Mb), Wireless (limited to downtown Port Vila) and various fixed and leased line services. VSAT is available for rural Vanuatu. Prepaid and Postpaid options are available.
Telsat Broadband Limited – Provides Carrier-Grade Wireless coverage to Port Vila and surrounds via their own independent network. Telsat also supplies and maintains VSAT systems for the other remote parts of Vanuatu. The minimum speed offered is 256kbit/s up to 2Mbit/s but can tailor plans. Pre-Paid and Subscription options are available. Telsat Broadband has data caps in effect on all standard accounts but does not have lock-in contracts.
Wantok Network Limited provides wireless 4G internet in Port Vila and surrounding areas. The minimum speed offered is 1Mbit/s with plans starting from Vt2,300 per month with no lock-in contracts.
Interchange Limited, has constructed the Interchange Cable Network which connects Port Vila, Vanuatu to Suva, Fiji via a fiber optic cable. The capacity of the cable is over 200 times Vanuatu's previous capacity, with the ability to upgrade the capacity in the future should more bandwidth be required. Interchange plans to construct two more cables, one will connect Port Vila to the Solomon Islands (with a spur to the Vanuatu island of Espiritu Santo). The other will connect Vanuatu to New Caledonia (with a spur to the Vanuatu island of Tanna).
See also
Media of Vanuatu
References
External links
Telsat Broadband
1NOMO
TVL
Digicel Vanuatu
Wantok Networks
VUNIC
Communications in Vanuatu
Vanuatu
Vanuatu
The 1991 Currie Cup / Central Series was a rugby union competition held between the teams in 1991 Currie Cup and 1991 Currie Cup Central A competition, the top two tiers of the premier domestic competition in South Africa. This formed part of the 53rd Currie Cup season since the competition started in 1889.
Teams
Competition
There were ten participating teams in the 1991 Currie Cup / Central Series, the six teams from the 1991 Currie Cup and the four teams from the 1991 Currie Cup Central A. These teams played the teams from the other league once over the course of the season, either at home or away. Teams received two points for a win and one points for a draw.
The Currie Cup team with the best record would win the Percy Frames Trophy, the Central A team with the best record would win the W.V. Simkins Trophy.
Log
Fixtures and Results
Round One
Round Two
Round Three
Round Four
Round Five
Round Six
Round Seven
Round Eight
Round Nine
Round Ten
See also
1991 Currie Cup
1991 Currie Cup Central A
1991 Currie Cup Central B
1991 Currie Cup Central / Rural Series
1991 Currie Cup Rural C
1991 Currie Cup Rural D
1991 Lion Cup
References
1991
1991 Currie Cup
Evelyn Catherine Laura Williamson (born 30 August 1971 in Hamilton, New Zealand) is an athlete from New Zealand, who competes in triathlon.
Williamson competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics. They took twenty-second place with a total time of 2:05:38.30.
Williamson placed 3rd at the 1998 ITU Triathlon World Championships.
Williamson qualified as the alternate for the 2008 Beijing Olympics, but as New Zealand does not send their alternates along with the three-person team, they did not attend.
References
1971 births
Living people
Olympic triathletes of New Zealand
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Hamilton, New Zealand
Triathletes at the 2002 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games competitors for New Zealand
New Zealand female triathletes
20th-century New Zealand women
21st-century New Zealand women
The 2006 PGA Championship was the 88th PGA Championship, played August 17–20 at Medinah Country Club in Medinah, Illinois, a suburb northwest of Chicago. Tiger Woods won their third PGA Championship and twelfth major title, five shots ahead of runner-up Shaun Micheel, the 2003 champion. It was consecutive major wins for Woods, after taking The Open Championship at Hoylake four weeks earlier.
The No. 3 Course was the longest to date in major championship history. Medinah previously hosted the tournament in 1999, when Woods captured their first PGA Championship. The purse was $6.8 million with a winner's share of $1.224 million.
This was the last appearance for two-time winner Nick Price.
Field
All former PGA Champions
Winners of the last five U.S. Opens (2002-2006)
Winners of the last five Masters (2002-2006)
Winners of the last five British Opens (2002-2006)
The 2006 Senior PGA Champion
The low 15 scorers and ties in The 2005 PGA Championship
The 20 low scorers in The 2006 PGA Professional National Championship
The 70 leaders in official money standings from the 2005 International through the 2006 Buick Open
Members of the 2004 United States Ryder Cup Team
Winners of tournaments co-sponsored or approved by the PGA Tour and designated as official events from The 2005 PGA Championship to The 2006 PGA Championship. (Does not include pro-am or team competitions).
In addition, The PGA of America reserves the right to invite additional players not included in the categories above.
The 156-player field will be filled (in order) by those players below 70th place in official money standings from the 2005 International through the 2006 Buick Open.
Full eligibility list
Course layout
No. 3 Course
Previous course lengths for major championships:
, par 72 - 1999 PGA Championship
, par 72 - 1990 U.S. Open
, par 71 - 1975 U.S. Open
, par 71 - 1949 U.S. Open
Round summaries
First round
Thursday, August 17, 2006
Chris Riley and Lucas Glover set the pace in round one shooting six under 66s. Tiger Woods finished the round at 69, three shots off the pace. Defending champion Phil Mickelson also shot 69. Mark Calcavecchia and Dudley Hart withdrew from the tournament.
Second round
Friday, August 18, 2006
Four players shared the lead at the conclusion of the second round, including Tim Herron, Billy Andrade, Luke Donald and Henrik Stenson. Twenty-four players were within four strokes of the lead including Tiger Woods who shot a bogey free 68 to put themselves within one shot of the leaders. Seventy players survived the 36-hole cut of even-par 144. Big names that missed the cut included: Vijay Singh, John Daly, Fred Couples, and Colin Montgomerie.
Third round
Saturday, August 19, 2006
Tiger Woods matched the course record with a 7-under 65, giving them a share of the lead with Luke Donald. Mike Weir also shot 65 to sit alone in third, two shots behind the leaders. Joey Sindelar holed a 3-wood from on the par-5 fifth hole for a double eagle, the rarest shot in golf and only the third in PGA Championship history. It was last done by Per-Ulrik Johansson at Riviera in 1995; the first was by club pro Darrell Kestner at Inverness in 1993.
Final round
Sunday, August 20, 2006
Tiger Woods moved to 12-0 in majors where they led or shared the lead after 54 holes. They bested the field by five shots to win their third PGA Championship and 12th major. Third round co-leader Luke Donald shot a two-over 74 and fell out of contention on the back nine. 2003 champion Shaun Micheel shot 69 to finish in second outright. Tiger Woods tied their record for the aggregate low score in PGA Championship history (shared with Bob May at Valhalla in 2000) at 18 strokes under-par. They also became the first ever to win the PGA twice on the same course, and the first in the era of the modern Grand Slam to win two major championships in each of two successive years. Chad Campbell shot the low round of the day, a six-under 66, to finish in a tie for 24th.
Source:
Scorecard
Final round
Cumulative tournament scores, relative to par
Source:
References
External links
2006 PGA Championship official site
Coverage on European Tour's official site
Medinah Country Club official site
PGA Championship
Golf in Illinois
Medinah, Illinois
PGA Championship
PGA Championship
PGA Championship
The FIH Hockey5s World Cup is an international field hockey competition organised by the International Hockey Federation (FIH). The tournament will start in 2024.
Results
Men
Summaries
Women
Summaries
References
field
World Cup
Chamberlin is an American folk rock band from Vermont. The band is currently on Roll Call/EMI Records.
Career
Chamberlin formed in Spring 2010 when members Mark Daly and Ethan West co-wrote and demoed nine songs at a mountainside cabin in Goshen, Vermont. By June, they acquired Jamie Heintz, Eric Maier, and Charles Whistler to finish the group. A month later, the band was signed to Roll Call Records.
In August 2010, they recorded their debut album, Bitter Blood, with producer Scott Tournet (guitarist for Grace Potter And The Nocturnals) and engineer Ben Collette at The Tank Studio in Burlington, VT. In early 2011, Chamberlin supported Grace Potter and The Nocturnals on their winter tour.
Band members
Mark Daly
Ethan West
Jamie Heintz
Charles Whistler
Former Band Members
Eric Maier
Discography
Bitter Blood (Roll Call Records, 2011)
Cabin Covers EP (Roll Call Records, 2011)
Look What I've Become (Audiotree Records, 2012)
References
" Sneak Attack Media, 2011, accessed June 23, 2011.
External links
Chamberlin Website, 2011, accessed June 23, 2011.
American folk rock groups
The 1963 Auburn Tigers football team represented Auburn University in the 1963 NCAA University Division football season. It was the Tigers' 72nd overall and 30th season as a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The team was led by head coach Ralph "Shug" Jordan, in their 13th year, and played their home games at Cliff Hare Stadium in Auburn, Alabama. They finished with a record of nine wins and two losses (9–2 overall, 6–1 in the SEC).
Schedule
Source: 1963 Auburn football schedule
Roster
QB Jimmy Sidle
References
Auburn
Auburn Tigers football seasons
Auburn Tigers football
William Thompson (22 January 1862 – 6 October 1937) was an Australian politician.
They were born in Queanbeyan to surveyor James Banford Thompson and Margaret Carroll. From 1878 to 1885 they were a clerk in the Colonial Architect's office, before becoming a quantity surveyor and moving to Ryde in 1898. On 4 March 1885 they had married Florence Single, with whom they had two children. They owned a horse farm on the Hawkesbury River and was a founder of the William Thompson Masonic School at Baulkham Hills, New South Wales, which operated from 1922 to 1972, and the New South Wales Masonic Schools Welfare Fund which, as A Start in Life, continues to assist indigent youth. They were a Freemason and Grand Master of the Grand Lodge of New South Wales from 1914 until 1924. In 1913 they were elected to the New South Wales Legislative Assembly as the Liberal member for Ryde, serving until their retirement in 1920. In 1923 they established the Masonic Youth Welfare Fund. Thompson died at Ashfield in 1937.
References
1862 births
1937 deaths
Nationalist Party of Australia members of the Parliament of New South Wales
Members of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly
Nyaungshwe Township (; ) is a township of Taunggyi District in Shan State, Myanmar. It is located south of Sakangyi and south-west of Taunggyi. The principal town is Nyaungshwe.
Inle Lake, a popular tourist destination and an inland freshwater lake, is located south of Nyaungshwe town. Part of Inlay Lake Wetland Sanctuary lies in Nyaungshwe, Pinlaung and Pekon Township.
History
Nyaungshwe was formerly the capital of Yawnghwe, one of many Shan principalities in pre-colonial and colonial Burma (collectively called the Shan States). Nyaungshwe is a Burmese language approximation of the Shan name, Yawnghwe ().
Nyaungshwe town
The town of Nyaungshwe comprises 8 wards, namely Kantha, Thasi, Nandawun, Myole, Win, Nangpang, Mingala, and Maineli.
Nyaungshwe is the tourist hub for visiting Inle Lake and Inlay Lake Wetland Sanctuary. It consists of one main thoroughfare with numerous side streets and a few parallel roads. The main street has numerous shops, several restaurants, a few stupas, travel agencies and a market (located behind the storefronts). Near the end of this road, a bridge crosses the river channel near an impressive mirror-tiled stupa.
The town serves as a marina for the numerous long boats carrying tourists into the lake. The lake itself is located a few kilometers south through a river channel. Nyaungshwe can be reached by bus, car, or by plane via the airport in Heho, located about a one-hour drive away. Nearby in Shwenyaung there is a train station with services to the mainline at Thazi, where connections to Yangon and Mandalay exist.
Demographics
2014
The 2014 Myanmar Census reported that Nyaungshwe Township had a population of 189,407. The population density was 130.3 people per km². The census reported that the median age was 26.7 years, and 100 males per 100 females. There were 42,634 households; the mean household size was 4.2.
Attractions
Nyaungshwe Township is home to Inle Lake and Inlay Lake Wetland Sanctuary, including the village of Ywama, which is home to a floating market. In addition, Nyaungshwe Township has several cultural attractions, including:
Shwe Yaunghwe Kyaung, a wooden monastery dating to the 19th century
Yadana Man Aung Pagoda
Bawrithat Pagoda, founded by Anawrahta
Museum of Shan Sawbwa.
References
External links
Satellite map at Maplandia.com
Townships of Shan State
The 1997 Senior PGA Tour was the 18th season since the Senior PGA Tour officially began in 1980 (it was renamed the Champions Tour in 2003 and PGA Tour Champions in 2016). The season consisted of 38 official money events with purses totalling $41,750,000, including four majors. Hale Irwin won the most tournaments, nine. The tournament results, leaders, and award winners are listed below.
Tournament results
The following table shows all the official money events for the 1997 season. "Date" is the ending date of the tournament. The numbers in parentheses after the winners' names are the number of wins they had on the tour up to and including that event. Senior majors are shown in bold.
Source:
Leaders
Scoring Average leaders
Source:
Money List leaders
Source:
Career Money List leaders
Source:
Awards
See also
Champions Tour awards
Champions Tour records
References
External links
PGA Tour Champions official site
PGA Tour Champions seasons
Senior PGA Tour
WCKT (107.1 FM) is a commercial radio station located in Lehigh Acres, Florida, broadcasting to the Fort Myers, Florida area. WCKT airs a country music format branded as "Cat Country". WCKT originally signed on in 1976,airing a beautiful music format. In 1979, the format was flipped to Disco, and the call letters were changed to WSWF. In 1985, the format was changed to Album Oriented Rock, and the call letters were changed to WOOJ (Orange Rock 107). In 1988, facing competition from the new and much more powerful WRXK, WOOJ tweaked its format to Classic Rock. The format was flipped to Country as WCKT, in 1989.
In only one rating period, the new Cat Country beat longtime Southwest Florida country outlet WHEW to become the area's #1 country station. WCKT programmed a music intensive format up against WHEW's more full service approach. That lasted for several years until WHEW become WWGR (Gator Country) about the time the Ft. Myers and Naples markets were combined to become one metro. Since then, WWGR has been the #1 country outlet in the Ft. Myers - Naples market.
During WCKT's history, current owner iHeartMedia, Inc. (formerly Clear Channel Communications) moved the station onto the 100.1 frequency out of Port Charlotte. Even though the 100.1 frequency is a C1 stronger signal, the northern leaning coverage area didn't put a strong enough signal to fully cover the Naples/Marco Island portion of the metro. Cat Country was moved back to 107.1 to compete with WWGR, and presumably also to substantially reduce overlap with co-owned WIKX, whose transmitter is in the same county as 100.1's and thus may have stolen audience from what is now WZJZ and vice versa.
Cat Country alumni
"Super" Dave Logan has been with the station from the beginning
Rick McGee (the station's first PD and longtime morning show host)
Record executive Gator Michaels
Barry "The Bear" Smith
Doc Daily
"Shotgun" Bob Walker (now the PD at WCTK "Cat Country" in Providence)
Jeff "J.R." Reed (Afternoon host)
Mark "The Shark" Wilson (former PD and PM Drive)
Todd Nixon (former PD and PM Drive)
Mike Tyler (PD and PM Drive 2014 - TFN)
Robin Wolf ( mid-days) 1989–1994)(1995-1997)
Kerry Babb (PD, PM drive 1999–2003) on air personality 1992-1994
External links
Official Website
CKT
Country radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1976
1976 establishments in Florida
IHeartMedia radio stations
Monika Bittner (born 29 January 1988) is a German ice hockey player for ESC Planegg and the German national team. They participated at the 2015 IIHF Women's World Championship.
International career
Bittner was selected for the Germany women's national ice hockey team in the 2014 Winter Olympics. They did not record a point in five games.
Bittner also played for Germany in the qualifying event for the 2014 Winter Olympics and the 2010 qualifying.
As of 2014, Bittner has also appeared for Germany at six IIHF Women's World Championships. Them first appearance came in 2007.
Career statistics
Through 2013–14 season
References
External links
Eurohockey.com Profile
Sports-Reference Profile
1988 births
Living people
German women's ice hockey forwards
Ice hockey players at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Olympic ice hockey players of Germany
People from Weilheim-Schongau
Sportspeople from Upper Bavaria
Michael Penn is the Teresa Hihn Moore Professor of Religious Studies at Stanford University, and formerly taught at Mount Holyoke College in Massachusetts.
Their writings include the book Kissing Christians: Ritual, Community, and the Late Ancient Church (). They received a Guggenheim Fellowship and other grants for studies of the Syriac Christians and their relationship to Islam. They were quoted in USA Today regarding the veracity of the Gospel of Judas.
Penn's courses at Mount Holyoke included "What Didn't Make It into the Bible" and "Sex and the Early Church". Penn studied molecular biology and was a debater at Princeton University, then received their Ph.D. from Duke University. They attended Pinewood High School in California, from which they graduated in 1989.
References
External links
Faculty profile at Stanford University
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
American religion academics
Mount Holyoke College faculty
Princeton University alumni
Duke University alumni
Place of birth missing (living people)
American non-fiction writers
American historians of religion
Academics from California
Stanford University Department of Religious Studies faculty
Édouard Joseph Mercier (1 April 1799 - 18 January 1870) was a Belgian politician of liberal tendencies.  They are the uncle of Cardinal Mercier. They served several terms as Minister of Finance; first was 1840–1841, second was 1843–1845; Third term was 1855–1857. They were appointed Minister of State in 1845.
Biography
Mercier was born in the Walloon city of Braine-l'Alleud to register controller Hubert Mercier and Marie-Josèphe François. They married Jeanne Mastraeten.
Mercier had served in the capacities of:
clerk at the Customs Service (1819);
inspector of excise duties (1827);
Inspector of Taxes (1830);
Chief Inspector of Taxes in the province of Brabant (1831);
Chief Inspector at the Central Administration (1833-1839);
Director of the Central Administration of the direct taxation, cadastre, customs and excise (1839-1840).
They had begun a political career. In 1837, they were a liberal (and from 1843 Catholic) member of parliament for the district of Nivelles and held this office until 1857. In 1859 they were again a member of parliament until 1863.
They participated in the Unionist ministry of Peter Decker as Minister of Finance (1855-1857). There is supposed to represent liberal opinion, but their liberalism was very moderate. At the time of the unrest that followed the vote of the "convents of law" (May–June 1857), they argued with Alphonse Nothomb the thesis that we should not give in to pressure from the street. After the local elections of October 1857, which was a defeat for the Catholics, they opposed Nothomb with the resignation of De Decker, but could not prevent it.
References
Bibliography
C. HOYAUX-BAILLY, Contribution à l'étude de la vie politique belge. Essai de déterminantion de l'opinion politique d'Edouard Joseph Mercier, représentant de Nivelles et ministre des finances, licentiaatsthesis (onuitgegeven), ULB, 1954.
Jean-Luc DE PAEPE & Christiane RAINDORF-GERARD, Le Parlement belge, 1831–1894, Brussel, 1996.
Valmy FEAUX, Histoire politique du Brabant Wallon. Du Duché de Brabant à l'éclosion démocratique (1919), l'Harmattan-Academia, Louvain-la-Neuve, 2014.
External links
Edouard Mercier in ODIS - Online Database for Intermediary Structures
1799 births
1870 deaths
19th-century Belgian politicians
Finance ministers of Belgium
Chipev Nunatak (, ‘Chipev Nunatak' \'chi-pev 'nu-na-tak\) is the narrow, rocky hill extending 2.9 km in north-south direction and rising to 850 m on the east side of Edgeworth Glacier on Nordenskjöld Coast in Graham Land, Antarctica.
The nunatak is named after Nesho Chipev (b. 1953), biologist at St. Kliment Ohridski base during the 1994/95 and subsequent seasons.
Location
Chipev Nunatak is located at , which is 3.6 km south of Kopriva Peak, 8.1 km northwest of Dolen Peak, 6,92 km east by north of Trave Peak and 7.36 km southeast of Paramun Buttress.
Map
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR), 1993–2016.
Notes
References
Chipev Nunatak. SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer.
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission. (details in Bulgarian, basic data in English)
External links
Chipev Nunatak. Adjusted Copernix satellite image
Nunataks of Graham Land
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Nordenskjöld Coast
Broadway by the Bay, is a community-based musical theatre company located in the San Francisco Bay Area and performing in Redwood City. It also provides a "Theatre Arts Academy" offering performing arts experiences to local children. After beginning in with productions of three annual Gilbert and Sullivan productions, the company shifted its focus to modern musicals in 1966. Since then, it has produced musicals continuously in San Mateo County. In 1983, the group changed its name to Peninsula Civic Light Opera, and again in 1999, to Broadway by the Bay.
History
Broadway by the Bay is an outgrowth of a San Mateo Recreation Department program that originated in the 1950s as "La Honda Music Camp", in Jones Gulch, near La Honda, California in the Santa Cruz Mountains. Each summer, that program employed the talents of young musicians, singers, and actors to produce primarily Gilbert and Sullivan's comic operas, which were staged at the camp site in Jones Gulch near La Honda, California.
In June 1963, the San Mateo Recreation Department established the San Mateo Community Theatre, with Dr. Randolph Hunt (1925-2011) as music director and Robert Lynch as drama director, at Hillsdale High School in San Mateo, California. Dr. Randolph Hunt and Robert Lynch were the directors for the first two summer productions at Hillsdale High School, both of which were Gilbert and Sullivan operas.
First productions: Gilbert and Sullivan
The first production was Patience, in August 1963 in the little theatre at Hillsdale High School, with an additional performance at La Honda Music Camp. The cast of high school and college students included a future international opera singer, soprano Luana De Vol. Hunt conducted a small orchestra of musicians from San Mateo County. In the summer of 1964, Hunt and Lynch collaborated on The Mikado, again at Hillsdale High School with an additional performance at the camp. In 1965, Anthony "Duke" Campagne, the band director at Hillsdale High School, worked with Lynch on a production of H.M.S. Pinafore, which played at Hillsdale and one performance at La Honda Music Camp.
Move to musical theatre
After presenting the three Gilbert and Sullivan operas, the San Mateo Community Theatre moved in a different direction. Although Campagne returned, they were joined by a staff that included Kenneth L. Ton, the drama director at Capuchino High School, and Ben Denton, the choral director at Aragon High School. For the first time, in 1966, SMCT presented a classic Broadway musical: Oklahoma! by Rodgers and Hammerstein. Once again, the cast and orchestra were drawn from high school and college students throughout San Mateo County. The performances were moved to the little theater at the College of San Mateo. The production was a success and encouraged SMCT to produce more musicals.
Hunt returned as a director for the 1967 production of West Side Story by Leonard Bernstein and Stephen Sondheim. The performances were given at the auditorium at San Mateo High School, later known as the San Mateo Performing Arts Center. This remained the home of the company until 2011. The company continued to produce musicals each year, and later productions mixed professional and semi-professional talent with amateur singers and dancers, increasing the quality of the shows.
The San Mateo Community Theatre became a non-profit organization in 1978. In 1983, the Board of Directors expanded the focus of the company and changed the name to Peninsula Civic Light Opera. In 1999, a decision was made to gradually change the name to Broadway by the Bay to more accurately reflect the group's focus on Broadway-type musicals instead of light operas.
Broadway by the Bay today
Broadway by the Bay is a not-for-profit corporation that produces four full-scale musical theatre productions each year. The Actors, ushers and some of the musicians are volunteers.
In 2010, composer-lyricist Jason Robert Brown offered classes and performed a concert to help fundraise for Broadway by the Bay's Youth Theatre Conservatory, which offers performing arts experiences to local children. In 2011 Broadway by the Bay moved to the Fox Theatre located at 2215 Broadway Street in Redwood City, California and it has been performing there ever since.
The company's 2014 season included performances of Evita, In the Heights, Dreamgirls, and Anything Goes. The 2015 season included Kiss Me, Kate, West Side Story, My Fair Lady, and more. A review in San Jose Mercury News called the company's 2009 production of The Full Monty "strong and fast-paced ... typical of Broadway by the Bay. [Its choreography was] smooth, clever, and wonderfully funny. There is much good acting, singing and dancing." In 2016, Broadway by the Bay signed a five year lease at the Fox Theatre.
References
External links
Official website
Theatre companies in San Francisco
Community theatre
Culture in the San Francisco Bay Area
Organizations based in San Francisco
Performing groups established in 1963
The chestnut-breasted mountain finch (Poospizopsis caesar) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae. It is endemic to Peru. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.
Taxonomy
The species is sometimes placed in the monotypic genus Poospizopsis.
References
chestnut-breasted mountain finch
Birds of the Peruvian Andes
Endemic birds of Peru
chestnut-breasted mountain finch
chestnut-breasted mountain finch
chestnut-breasted mountain finch
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Dianthus giganteus, the giant pink, is a species of pink native to Romania, the Balkan peninsula, and possibly nearby areas. A perennial with flowerheads reaching 1m, it is useful in gardening and landscaping applications where a backdrop of taller plants is needed. It is available from commercial suppliers, with the Royal Horticultural Society considering it to be a good plant to attract pollinators.
Subspecies
A number of putative subspecies have been proposed:
Dianthus giganteus subsp. banaticus (Heuff.) Tutin
Dianthus giganteus subsp. croaticus (Borbás) Tutin
Dianthus giganteus subsp. giganteus d'Urv.
Dianthus giganteus subsp. haynaldianus (Borbás) Tutin
Dianthus giganteus subsp. italicus Tutin
Dianthus giganteus subsp. subgiganteus (Borbás ex Formánek) Hayek
Dianthus giganteus subsp. vandasii (Velen.) Stoj. & Acht.
References
giganteus
Flora of Southeastern Europe
Garden plants of Europe
Plants described in 1822
Anders Ohlsén (born June 23, 1964) is a Swedish sprint canoer who competed in the late 1980s and early 1990s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, they earned their best finish of seventh twice (1988: K-2 1000 m, 1992: K-4 1000 m).
References
Sports-Reference.com profile
1964 births
Canoeists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Sweden
Swedish male canoeists
Eugene "Gino" Piserchio (September 5, 1944 – March 22, 1989) was an American actor, composer and musician. Piserchio was noted for being an accomplished musician. They were one of the first musicians to master the Moog synthesizer.
Early life and career
Piserchio was born in Orange, New Jersey, to Joe and Jennie Piserchio. In the early 1950s, the Piserchio family moved from their Central Avenue home in Orange to Northfield Avenue in Livingston, New Jersey. It was there that Piserchio completed their grammar and high school educations. They graduated from Livingston High School in 1962. Piserchio graduated from the Mannes College The New School for Music in New York City and did graduate work at Columbia University.
In 1965, Piserchio co-starred with Warhol Superstar Edie Sedgwick in the underground films Space and Beauty No. 2, directed by Andy Warhol. Two years later, they composed and performed the original music for what would become Sedgwick's final film Ciao! Manhattan, released a year after their November 1971 death.
In 1970 Piserchio presented three evenings of electronic music in the Moog synthesizer at the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum in New York City. In 1971, they and their future wife, Gillian Spreckels Fuller, produced an experimental 16-mm color movie, The Tacky Woman. The film stars Holly Woodlawn. That same year, Bell Labs selected Piserchio to score a movie about molecular dynamics.
Personal life
On February 7, 1972, Piserchio married Gillian Spreckels Fuller at the Paragon Restaurant at Aspen, Colorado. Fuller is the great-granddaughter of John D. Spreckels, the California industrialist and financier who amassed a sugar fortune. The marriage ended in divorce three years later.
Death
Piserchio died at age 44 of AIDS-related complications on March 22, 1989, in New York City.
Filmography
References
External links
1944 births
1989 deaths
20th-century American male actors
AIDS-related deaths in New York (state)
American male composers
American electronic musicians
Moog
American male film actors
Columbia University alumni
Livingston High School (New Jersey) alumni
Male actors from New Jersey
Mannes School of Music alumni
Musicians from New Jersey
People from Livingston, New Jersey
People from Orange, New Jersey
20th-century American composers
20th-century American male musicians
First Survey is a supplement published under license by Imperium Games in 1996 for Game Designers Workshop's science fiction role-playing game Traveller.
Publication history
First Survey is a 112-page softcover book designed by Duane Maxwell, Steve Miller, and David Wise, with illustrations by Steve Bryant and Bryan Gibson, and cover art by Chris Foss. The book has two computer-generated lists — one for the gamemaster, and the other for the players — that contain data on over 10,000 planets in the Traveller universe. The data included each planet's name, its location, type of government, level of law, and its terrain type.
Due to a programming error, the data on type of government and law level was incorrect.
Reception
In the January 1998 edition of Dragon (Issue #243), Rick Swan was not impressed with the supplied data on each planet, calling it "sparse to the point of non-existence." They conceded that the sparseness was intentional, so that gamemasters could fill in the details for their own Traveller campaigns. But Swan objected to the entire concept of the book, pointing out the relatively high cost of the book ($23 in 1998), and saying "any experienced gamemaster ought to be able to cook up a perfectly adequate list of planets all by their lonesome." They concluded by giving the book a very poor rating of only 2 stars out of 6.
In their 2014 book Designers & Dragons, Shannon Appelcline commented that "First Survey (1996), the final book copyrighted 1996, was probably the worst (and ugliest) book published for the game system. It contained 112 pages of computer-generated statistics for all the worlds of the Imperium in Milieu 0, laid out in unattractive row after row. There were two copies of all the stats: one for players, and one for the gamemaster, making the book that much more redundant. Worse, due to an error in programming, every single planet's Universal World Profile (UWP) was wrong. The fifth and sixth digits of each UWP — which represented the government and law level of the planet — were all identical."
Reviews
Arcane #19 (May, 1997)
Shadis #37 (1997)
References
Traveller (role-playing game) supplements
Kasteel Lagendal is a country house in Lummen, in the province of Limburg, Belgium. It was built in 1850 in a vernacular late classical style as a shooting box commissioned by Paul Jacobs-Stellingwerff of Hasselt. Its name comes from its site on the longest point of the Lummen. Until 2005, renamed Kasteel Saint-Paul, it housed an up-market French restaurant.
See also
List of castles in Belgium
External links
Kastelenroute: a bicycle tour of country houses (kastellen) in Heusden, Zolder and Lummen.
Castles in Belgium
Castles in Limburg (Belgium)
Hunting lodges in Belgium
Memba District is a district of Nampula Province in north-eastern Mozambique. The principal town is Memba.
Further reading
District profile (PDF)
Districts in Nampula Province
Nedgame is a video game retailer in the Netherlands, and is with its 11 stores the biggest privately owned video game retailer in the Netherlands. They specialize in selling new and used games, consoles, accessories and game merchandise.
In September 2009, Nedgame's decision not to support Sony's new PSP Go made international headlines, as a number of video game retailers worldwide followed.
References
Video game retailers
Video game companies of the Netherlands
Russian Culture Now is a non-profit group based in Chicago that is dedicated to increasing awareness of Russian artists in the United States, especially those in classical music, dance, or opera.
Founded in 2010, the organization hosts receptions for visiting Russian artists, such as Russian choreographer Boris Eifman on April 23, 2011. Russian Culture Now is also known for its scholarship program, which gives out $500 to 10 middle school, high school, and college students who have an interest in either the arts or Russian culture. Russian Culture Now was founded by Aleksandra Efimova, president of Russian Pointe, a brand of ballet pointe shoes.
External links
Original Site
References
Charities based in Illinois
Non-profit organizations based in Chicago
Russian-American culture in Illinois
Cultural organizations based in Illinois
2010 establishments in Illinois
Organizations established in 2010
Team Virtu Cycling Women was a UCI Women's cycling team based in Denmark, that competed between 2015 and 2019.
Team history
In November 2016 it was announced that Bjarne Riis and Lars Seier (Riis-Seier Project) took over the women's team BMS BIRN and the men's team , with the latter being renamed Team VéloCONCEPT and the former becoming Team VéloCONCEPT Women for the 2017 season. After the addition of a new investor into the team in September 2017, Brøndby IF football team chairperson Jan Beck Andersen, the cycling team's name changed to Team Virtu Cycling.
Final team roster
Major wins
2016
Overall Tour de Feminin-O cenu Českého Švýcarska, Cecilie Uttrup Ludwig
Youth classification, Cecilie Uttrup Ludwig
Stages 1 & 5, Cecilie Uttrup Ludwig
Mountains classification Ladies Tour of Norway, Cecilie Uttrup Ludwig
2017
Combativity classification, Stage 4 Holland Ladies Tour, Pernille Mathiesen
2018
Omloop Het Nieuwsblad, Christina Siggaard
Sprints classification Emakumeen Euskal Bira, Katarzyna Pawłowska
2019
Omloop van het Hageland, Marta Bastianelli
Women's WorldTour Ronde van Drenthe, Marta Bastianelli
Tour of Flanders, Marta Bastianelli
Stage 2 Healthy Ageing Tour, Mieke Kröger
Overall Gracia–Orlová, Marta Bastianelli
Stages 1 & 3, Marta Bastianelli
Stages 2a (ITT) & 4 Gracia–Orlová, Mieke Kröger
Stage 2b Gracia–Orlová, Rachel Neylan
Sprints classification Thüringen Rundfahrt der Frauen, Barbara Guarischi
Stage 1, Barbara Guarischi
Stage 2, Marta Bastianelli
Postnord UCI WWT Vårgårda WestSweden Road Race, Marta Bastianelli
Stage 4 Tour Cycliste Féminin International de l'Ardèche, Anouska Koster
Stage 5 Tour Cycliste Féminin International de l'Ardèche, Marta Bastianelli
National and continental champions
2016
Denmark Time Trial, Cecilie Uttrup Ludwig
Denmark Junior Time Trial, Simone Eg
2017
Israel Time Trial, Shani Bloch-Davidov
USA Time Trial, Amber Neben
Denmark Road Race, Camilla Møllebro
Sweden Road Race, Sara Penton
European U23 Time Trial, Pernille Mathiesen
European U23 Road Race, Pernille Mathiesen
2019
Denmark Time Trial, Louise Norman Hansen
Italy Road Race, Marta Bastianelli
References
External links
UCI Women's Teams
2015 establishments in Denmark
Cycling teams established in 2015
Cycling teams based in Denmark
2019 disestablishments in Denmark
Cycling teams disestablished in 2019
John Kemeny (April 17, 1925 – November 23, 2012) was a Hungarian-born Canadian film producer whom the Toronto Star dubbed "the forgotten giant of Canadian film history." Their production credits included the well-known 1974 film, The Apprenticeship of Duddy Kravitz, which starred Richard Dreyfuss, directed by Ted Kotcheff, based on a novel by Mordecai Richler. Kemeny also produced the 1980 romantic comedy, Atlantic City, starring Burt Lancaster and Susan Sarandon.
Kemeny left Hungary after the Hungarian Revolution of 1956 and moved to Montreal, where they found work as a film editor at the National Film Board of Canada (NFB) in 1959. They went on to produce such NFB films as Memorandum, Ladies and Gentlemen... Mr. Leonard Cohen, The Best Damn Fiddler from Calabogie to Kaladar and Don't Let the Angels Fall until leaving the NFB in 1972 to work in the private sector.
Kemeny died from cancer at their home in Sedona, Arizona, on November 23, 2012, at the age of 87.
References
External links
1925 births
2012 deaths
Canadian film producers
Hungarian emigrants to Canada
People from Montreal
People from Sedona, Arizona
Film people from Budapest
Canadian documentary film producers
National Film Board of Canada people
Deaths from cancer in Arizona
László Szabó (4 November 1934 – 16 May 2020) was a Grand Prix motorcycle road racer from Hungary. They had their best year in 1970 when they finished the year in fifth place in the 125cc world championship.
References
1934 births
2020 deaths
Hungarian motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
250cc World Championship riders
350cc World Championship riders
A milk watcher, milk saver, pot watcher, pot minder, milk guard, or boil over preventer is a cooking utensil placed at the bottom of a pot to prevent the foaming boil-over of liquids by collecting small bubbles of steam into one large bubble.
Description
A milk watcher is a disk with a raised rim notched on one side (see images). Some milk savers are designed so they can be used with the obverse or reverse side facing up and appear to have two notches. The interior of the disk slants upward toward the notched side, creating a space just behind the notch where water vapor can collect. Water vapor trapped under the Milk Saver causes the notched side to rise up, releasing the water vapor and making a rattling noise.
Explanation
Normally, boiling water does not boil over. When fats, starches, and some other substances are present in boiling water, for example by adding milk or pasta, boiling over can occur. A film forms on the surface of the boiling liquid; for example, cream can boil over as milk fat separates from the milk. The increased viscosity of the liquid causes the steam bubbles to form foam trapped under the film, pushing the film up and over the lip of the pot, boiling over. A milk watcher disrupts this process by collecting small bubbles of steam into one large bubble and releasing it in a manner which may puncture the surface film. The device also rattles when boiling occurs, alerting the cook who may then lower the heat setting of the stove.
By circulating fluid around the bottom of the pot the device may also prevent material from being deposited and eventually burned on the pot's bottom.
History
The milk watcher was invented by I. F. Ivankovitser in 1921;
a patent was obtained in 1929.
It was reinvented by Vincent Hartley in 1938.
References
External links
Food preparation utensils
Milk
20th-century inventions
Products introduced in 1921
Supplemental Arrows-A is a Unicode block containing various arrow symbols.
Block
History
The following Unicode-related documents record the purpose and process of defining specific characters in the Supplemental Arrows-A block:
See also
Mathematical operators and symbols in Unicode
References
Unicode blocks
Estádio Sagrada Esperança, formerly Quintalão do Dundo is a football stadium located at the Kamakenzo neighborhood in the city of Dundo, Angola. The stadium underwent a major rehabilitation in 2003 with the installation of a grass pitch to replace the dirt one. On March 5 2008, the stadium was further renovated. It is owned by and the home ground of Grupo Desportivo Sagrada Esperança. The stadium holds 8,000 people.
The stadium includes a gym, over 30 changing rooms, a 235-seat VIP stand, media, referee and athletes rooms and other administrative areas. Located in the Ngacumona neighborhood in Lunda Norte's capital city of Dundo, the stadium further includes a 100-car parking lot and four 12-spotlight lighting towers. A Hotel, which is also part of the stadium, has been built by Endiama in 2009.
References
Football venues in Angola
Dundo
Nathan Joseph Baxter (born 8 November 1998) is an English professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Hull City, on loan from club Chelsea.
Club career
Born in Westminster, Baxter began their career with Cray Wanderers. They then joined Chelsea at the age of 8. In the 2015–16 season they won the FA Youth Cup and the UEFA Youth League.
In August 2016 they moved on loan to Isthmian League side Metropolitan Police on a short-term deal until January 2017. They spent four months at the club, making 19 appearances, before returning to Chelsea in January 2017.
They then joined National League side Solihull Moors on loan for the remainder of the 2016–17 campaign. On 21 January 2017, they made their Solihull debut, keeping a clean sheet during their 0–0 draw with Boreham Wood. They made three clean sheets in their first four games for the club. Baxter went onto appear 17 appearances in total for the club.
On 21 June 2017, Baxter joined fellow National League side Woking on a season-long loan. On the opening day of the campaign, Baxter went onto make their Woking debut as they recorded a 2–1 home victory over Gateshead. Baxter went on to make 48 appearances in total for the club. During the 2017–18 season, Baxter played more minutes (4320) than any other Chelsea loanee.
On 26 June 2018, Baxter agreed to join League Two side Yeovil Town on a season-long loan. Baxter made their Football League debut in their opening day of the season, in a 1–0 away defeat against Bury. At Yeovil, they did not concede a goal for 10 hours 12 minutes, and set a club record after keeping 6 consecutive clean sheets in all competitions.
As of 5 November 2018, they were the "only teenage goalkeeper currently in English football's professional ranks to have racked up over 100 appearances in the senior game".
Baxter made 38 appearances for Yeovil during their season with the club, and won 5 awards at the club's end of season awards, all in the 'Player of the Season' and 'Young Player of the Season' categories.
On 19 June 2019, Baxter joined Scottish Premiership side Ross County on a season long loan. They suffered a shoulder injury early in the season before returning to first-team action, and went on to play in 14 games in a row.
On 9 October 2020, Baxter joined Accrington Stanley on loan.
On 25 June 2021, they moved on loan to Hull City for the season. Baxter made their league debut on 6 November 2021, in a 2–0 victory over Barnsley at Oakwell and was later selected in the Championship's team of the week following an impressing showing on their first league start. They went on to make 18 appearances for the club, including 7 clean sheets in their 16 league matches and having the highest save percentage in the Championship at 79.5 percent.
On 4 July 2022, Baxter returned to Hull City for a second season-long loan spell.
Career statistics
Personal life
Baxter has stated that Petr Čech was their inspiration.
Honours
Chelsea Youth
FA Youth Cup: 2015–16
UEFA Youth League: 2015–16
References
External links
Profile at the Yeovil Town F.C. website
1998 births
Living people
Footballers from Westminster
English footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Cray Wanderers F.C. players
Chelsea F.C. players
Metropolitan Police F.C. players
Solihull Moors F.C. players
Woking F.C. players
Yeovil Town F.C. players
Ross County F.C. players
Accrington Stanley F.C. players
Hull City A.F.C. players
Isthmian League players
National League (English football) players
English Football League players
Scottish Professional Football League players
Abdul Ghafoor Chaudhry (1 January 1935 – 16 April 2016) was a Pakistani politician who served as Federal Minister of Law, Justice and Human Rights (1991–1993), Federal Minister of Parliamentary Affairs (1991–1993), Federal Minister of Government Reforms (2008–2013). They also served as Provincial Minister of Law and Justice (1980–1988), Provincial Minister of Education (1982–1985), Provincial Minister of Sports (1982–1985), Provincial Minister of Agriculture (1985–1988), Provincial Minister of Agriculture (1990) and Provincial Minister of Finance (1990).
Early life and career
Ghafoor was born on January 1, 1935, in Bahawalnagar to an Arain Family. They attended a local high school and then earned earned their LLB degree from Punjab University.
Political career
Ghafoor's political career began when they were elected unopposed as the Chairman District Council Bahawalnagar in 1980. They were in the cabinet of Governor Jilani as the Provincial Minister of Law and Justice, Provincial Minister of Education and the Provincial Minister of Sports. They represented Pakistan at the United Nations General Assembly in 1980.
They contested for two seats in the 1985 election of Pakistan. They won the M.N.A. seat of the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-146 (Bahawalnagar-III) as an independent candidate in the 1985 Pakistan General election with 59440 votes and the M.P.A seat of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab from Constituency PP229 with 23738 votes. They chose the M.P.A seat and was appointed as the Provincial Minister of Law and Justice as well as the Provincial Minister of Agriculture.
As part of the Islami Jamhoori Ittehad (IJI) Ghafoor was elected in 1988 Pakistani general election. They received 58,765 votes and defeated Muhammad Afzal Sindhu. As the deputy opposition leader in the National Assembly they moved the No-Confidence Vote against Benazir Bhutto.
They were again to the National Assembly from Constituency NA-146 (Bahawalnagar-III) as (IJI) in 1990 Pakistani general election. They received 74,872 votes and defeated Ali Akbar Mazhar Wains, a candidate of Pakistan Democratic Alliance (PDA). In the same election, they were elected to the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab as a candidate of IJI from Constituency PP-229 (Bahawalnagar-V). They received 38,866 votes and defeated Chaudhry Munir Ahmad, a candidate of PDA. In September 1991, they were inducted into the federal cabinet of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and was appointed as Federal Minister for Law and Justice where they continued to serve until July 1993.
Ghafoor was elected to the National Assembly from Constituency NA-146 (Bahawalnagar-III) as a candidate of PML-N in 1997 Pakistani general election. They received 72,181 votes and defeated Ali Akbar Mazhar Wains, a candidate of PPP. They were the Chairman of the Prime Minister's Inspection team as a Federal Minister.
They were elected to the National Assembly from Constituency NA-190 (Bahawalnagar-III) as a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) in 2008 Pakistani general election. They received 77,664 votes and defeated Tahir Bashir Cheema. They served as the Federal Minister of Government Reforms.
References
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Pakistani MNAs 1988–1990
Pakistani MNAs 1990–1993
Pakistani MNAs 1997–1999
Punjabi people
1935 births
2016 deaths
Aynsley China Ltd. was a British manufacturer of bone china tableware, giftware and commemorative items.
History
The company was founded in 1775 by John Aynsley in Lane End, Longton, Staffordshire. In 1861 their grandson John Aynsley built the historic Portland Works on Sutherland Road, Longton, Staffordshire. The company's profitability made it a desirable acquisition. In June 1970 Spode put in a bid, this was then topped in July by Denbyware. Discussions then followed with Waterford Glass and a £1 million bid was agreed. In 1970 John Aynsley and Sons was taken over by Waterford and renamed Aynsley China Ltd. In 1987 Waterford sold the company in order to focus the group's fine china sales on the worldwide Wedgwood brand.
In May 1997, Aynsley China was acquired by The Belleek Pottery Group in Ireland. The company closed its Stoke-on-Trent factory in September 2014. As of July 2015 the factory shop is still open but its future is uncertain as the site is being advertised as for sale.
Products
The company is a favoured supplier of the British royal family. Both Queen Elizabeth II and Diana, Princess of Wales, chose Aynsley china as wedding presents from the British china industry.
Aynsley's market has historically been within the United Kingdom. In the 1970s the brand was a favourite choice among Britain's Romany and travelling communities, who displayed china in their caravans as a status symbol.
References
Bibliography
External links
Belleek webpage for Aynsley
http://www.thepotteries.org/allpotters/29b.htm
http://www.luxurydining.co.uk/aynsley-222-c.asp
Staffordshire pottery
Companies based in Stoke-on-Trent
Ceramics manufacturers of England
British companies established in 1775
1775 establishments in England
Ivan Mirković (; born 25 March 1987) is a former Serbian footballer who played as a midfielder.
Career
Youth and amateur
Mirković played four years of college soccer, two years at Oxnard College and two years at Fresno Pacific University. During their time at Fresno Pacific University, Mirkovic earned third-team all-PacWest honors as a defender, named NCCAA Tournament Defensive MVP and named to NCCAA All-West Region team as a defender in 2012. In 2013, Mirkovic was named the PacWestDefender of the Year in November and was selected to the All-Pac West Conference First Team. Mirkovic was also honored to the NSCAA (National Soccer Coaches Association of America) All-West Region team.
In 2011 through 2013, Mirković also played for Ventura County Fusion in the USL PDL.
Professional
Mirković signed their first professional contract in March 2014, joining USL Pro club Sacramento Republic. After winning the USL Pro title, Ivan Mirkovic was re-signed on a new contract. On 1 April, Ivan Mirkovic was transferred to Orange County SC. The terms of the transaction have not been disclosed.
On 10 November 2016 Saint Louis FC has come to terms with midfielder Ivan Mirkovic and goalkeeper Devala Gorrick, pending USL and the United States Soccer Federation approval.
Mirkovic joined Tulsa Roughnecks for the 2018 season on February 2, 2018 on undisclosed transfer fee.
On 24 January 2019 Fresno FC announced new additions to coaching staff for 2019 adding Ivan Mirkovic as a player/coach, who will also assist as head of analysis.
References
1987 births
Living people
Serbian footballers
Serbian expatriate footballers
Oxnard College alumni
Ventura County Fusion players
Sacramento Republic FC players
Orange County SC players
Saint Louis FC players
FC Tulsa players
Association football midfielders
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
USL League Two players
USL Championship players
Fresno Pacific University alumni
Ustad Ghulam Fariduddin Ayaz Al-Hussaini Qawwal (born in Hyderabad, India) is a Pakistani Sufi devotional singer. They belong to the Qawwal Bachchon Ka Gharana of Delhi. They and their relatives are the flag-bearers of that school of music (gharana), which is also known by the name of the city as the Delhi gharana. They perform various genres of Hindustani classical music such as dhrupad, khayal, tarana, thumri, and dadra. Ayaz leads the qawwal party with their younger brother, Ustad Abu Muhammad.
Early life
Fareed Ayaz was born in Hyderabad, India in 1952. In 1956 their family shifted to Karachi, Pakistan. They started their training in classical music with their father, Munshi Raziuddin Ahmed Khan Qawwal. Their roots can be traced to the family tree of one of the earliest disciples of Amir Khusro. Their father, Munshi Raziuddin Qawwal also used to sing with their cousin Qawwal Bahauddin Khan and Manzoor Niazi Qawwal (maternal uncle of Farid) early in their career.
Career
Fareed Ayaz & Abu Muhammad Qawwal Brothers are popular for their Sufi performances. They are considered the most popular Qawwal party in Pakistan and one of the only few lefts. They have performed in the United Kingdom, United States, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Netherlands, Portugal, Austria, India, Bahrain, Kenya, Nepal, Zimbabwe, Bangladesh, Croatia, Turkey, Morocco, Greece, Egypt, Bulgaria, Tunisia, Belgium, Iran, Oman, United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Romania, Mauritius, Hong Kong and South Africa by Bazme Chirag e Faqir Chishti International a non-profit Sufi organization.
They also performed at Aman ki Asha, organised by Times of India and Pakistan's Jang Group.
Songs
Kangna (2011) Coke Studio (Pakistan) (featured in the 2012 film The Reluctant Fundamentalist)
Mori Bangri (2011) Coke Studio (Pakistan)
Rung (2012) Coke Studio (Pakistan)
Khabram Raseeda (2012) Coke Studio (Pakistan)
Ghar Nari (2016) (featured in 2016 film Ho Mann Jahaan)
Jaag Musafir (2016) (featured in 2016 film Mah e Mir)
Khabar-e-Tahayyur-e-Ishq Sun (2016) (Drama OST Deewana (TV series))
Nami Danam Ke Akhir Choon (with Urdu translation)- Fareed Ayaz
"Balamwa" (2017) (featured in 2017 film Rangreza) - sung with Hamza Akram & Abu Muhammad
Shikwa/Jawab-e-Shikwa (2018) Coke Studio Pakistan (season 11) collaboration with Natasha Baig
Piya Ghar Aaya (2018) Coke Studio Pakistan (season 11)
Aadam (2019) Coke Studio Pakistan (season 12)
See also
List of Pakistani qawwali singers
References
External links
Fareed Ayaz, Abu Muhammad Qawwal and Brothers perform at Asia Society - videoclip on YouTube
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Pakistani musicians
Pakistani qawwali singers
Muhajir people
Musicians from Karachi
Pakistani qawwali groups
Indian emigrants to Pakistan
Cyclothone braueri, commonly known as the garrick, is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Cyclothone.
References
Gonostomatidae
Fish described in 1926
Taxa named by Åge Vedel Tåning
The African National Congress Youth League (ANCYL) is the youth wing of the African National Congress (ANC). As set out in its constitution, the ANC Youth League is led by a National Executive Committee (NEC) and a National Working Committee (NWC).
Foundation
The idea of the formation of the ANC youth league started in 1943, in Orlando, Soweto at Walter Sisulu's house by Anton Lembede, A.P. Mda, Jordan Ngubane, Nelson Mandela and Oliver Tambo. Its founders felt that ANC was dominated by conservative and older generation who cannot relate to the youth. This "older generation" had used deputations and delegations to try to get the Union government to grant equal rights to all but it became increasingly clear that this tactic was ineffective. Since the formation of the ANC in 1912, the disenfranchisement of black people had taken place and expanded through laws such as land acts, the introduction of workplace colour bar and urban and influx control between 1913 and 1926. Once the discussions of forming a youth league were concluded, the young leaders approached ANC president Dr. Alfred Bitini Xuma and made a proposal to form a youth league. Dr. Xuma had reservations about this league formation due to its militancy but they allowed the issue to be debated at the ANC conference in 1943. This conference took a resolution to establish a youth league.
The first conference of the youth league was in March 1944 and it was attended by 200 people. The ANC had deployed Selope Thema, activist and former South African Native National Congress secretary, to open the congress. Albertina Sisulu, the wife of Walter Sisulu, was the only female present. The conference elected Anton Lembede as president, Victor Mbodo was elected vice president, Walter Sisulu as treasurer, and Oliver Tambo as secretary. A.P. Mda, A.Nxamala, David Bopape, Peter Burman, and Joseph Mokoena were elected to the executive together with many others.
Its foundation in 1944 by A. P. Mda, Anton Lembede, Mxolisi Majombozi, Walter Sisulu and Oliver Tambo marked the rise of a new generation of leaders. The first President of the league was Anton Lembede who shaped its militancy. Mandela wrote that Lembede had a "magnetic personality who thought in original and often startling ways" and "Like Lembede I came to see the antidote as militant African nationalism." Lembede died in 1947.
By the end of the 1940s, the Youth League had gained control of the African National Congress. It called for civil disobedience and strikes in protest at the hundreds of laws associated with the new apartheid system. These protests were often met with force by the South African Government. In 1950, 18 blacks were killed during a walkout, while protesters, including Mandela, were jailed and beaten for their opposition to the government.
Thabo Mbeki became active in the Youth League in 1956 and was expelled from high school in 1959 as a result of participation in a strike. In 1959 many ANCYL members broke away to form the rival Pan Africanist Congress (PAC). In 1960, the PAC, ANC and its associated organisations had been banned. Mbeki organised a stay-at-home in protest at the South African Government's decision to leave the Commonwealth of Nations before leaving South Africa at the suggestion of the ANC.
The Youth League continued its activities underground during the remainder of the apartheid years. In 1990, F. W. de Klerk legalised the ANC and its associated organisations including the Youth League, and Peter Mokaba led the newly unbanned Youth League.
In 2005, Fikile Mbalula became president of the league. Mbalula succeeded the student activist Malusi Gigaba, who went on to become deputy minister of home affairs. Mbalula had served as secretary general of the ANCYL under Gigaba's leadership. It was under Mbalula's leadership that the ANCYL took on a more visible role in defending Jacob Zuma, and publicly lobbying for their election as ANC president.
The election of Julius Malema in April 2008 was initially disputed after a bitterly contested election with Saki Mofokeng.
In November 2011, Julius Malema was found guilty of provoking divisions within the ruling party and of bringing the organisation into disrepute, and was suspended for five years. Subsequent appeal processes changed the suspension to expulsion. On 24 April 2012 the appeal process ended when the National Disciplinary Committee of Appeal confirmed Malema's expulsion with immediate effect. The appeal committee also confirmed league spokesperson Floyd Shivambu's three-year suspension and suspended secretary general Sindiso Magaqa for one year, reducing the original disciplinary committee's three-year suspension.
Following the above, the league started to experience a devastating decline in support and popularity among young people. The league was ultimately taken to its 25th National conference in 2015, which elected Collen and Njabulo Nzuza as President and Secretary General respectively. The duo and their collective failed to live up to expectations and failed to take the ANCYL to its elective conference. The ANC National Executive Committee finally dissolved/disbanded the ANCYL NEC, due to many of its failures.
The ANC appointed a National Youth Task Team to oversee the affairs of ANC Youth League and take it conference. The task team consisted of the ANC's own NEC and NWC members who were above the age of 35 - which is the constitutional ceiling of the ANCYL. In 2020 a collective of young members of the ANC and its youth league, led by Nonceba Mhlauli, Katlego Mamabolo, Luzuko Bashman, Ngoako Selamolela and collective, mobilized and organized young people from all over the country, under the banner of the ANCYL Crisis Committee, to call for the disbandment of the ANCYL National Youth Task Team, due to the illegality and unconstutionality of the structure.
The ANCYL Crisis Committee argued that senior ANC comrades must stay away from the affairs of young people, as the youth are capable of rebuilding their own structure. In early 2021 the NEC of the ANC was persuaded by the logic of the ANCYL Crisis Committee and disbanded the ANC National Youth Task Team and appointed a National Congress Preparatory Team constituted by young people and led by Nonceba Mhlauli and Joy, as National convenor and coordinator respectively
Leaders
Past leaders of the ANCYL include:
Anton Lembede: 1944–1947
A. P. Mda: 1948–1950
Nelson Mandela: 1950–1960
Jackie Selebi: 1987–1991
Peter Mokaba: 1991–1994
Lulu Johnson: 1994–1996
Malusi Gigaba: 1996–2004
Fikile Mbalula: 2004–2008
Julius Malema: 2008–2012
Collen Maine: 2015–2018
Controversy
Support for Jacob Zuma
The Youth League generated significant controversy in 2008 when its president publicly declared its willingness to use violence to prevent Jacob Zuma's being prosecuted for corruption charges, stating that the Youth League was "prepared to take up arms and kill for Zuma". In further remarks, Julius Malema has called for the elimination of so-called "counter-revolutionary" forces, which include the largest opposition party, the Democratic Alliance. These statements have drawn significant public criticism, and the ANC has on occasion distanced itself from Malema's remarks. Further statements made against the DA's leader in 2009, stating that they were "disgusted by remarks attributed to Helen Zille." These statements were in response to a statement by Zille that "Zuma is a self-confessed womaniser with deeply sexist views, who put all their wives at risk by having unprotected sex with an HIV-positive woman." The ANC Youth League has been widely criticized for these statements, and has thus far been unable to explain their meaning, including during appearances on Talk Radio 702, a national radio station. The spokesperson, Floyd Shivambu kept on saying that their meaning of sleeping around is: "sleeping around". They were unable to clarify whether sleeping around means having sex or not having sex.
On 17 March 2013 the ANC National Executive disbanded the ANCYL's National Executive Committee, a move that was widely seen to be a purging of opponents of Jacob Zuma.
Julius Malema and "Kill the Boer"
In 2010 Julius Malema sang a controversial apartheid struggle song "Shoot the Boer" (Boer being the Afrikaans word for "farmer"), which drew further criticism in light of the numerous killings of white farmers and black labourers across South Africa. The South African Equality Court ruled that the song motivated genocide and was thus declared hate speech and interdict for its singing in public and private meetings, was issued. The ANCYL stated that they are willing to contest the judgement in the Constitutional Court.
In November 2011 ANC Youth League president Julius Malema was suspended from the ruling party for two years, this sanction was suspended for three years. The finding and penalty relate to Malema, ANCYL deputy president Ronald Lamola, treasurer general Pule Mabe, secretary general Sindiso Magaqa and deputy secretary general Kenetswe Mosenogi. The youth league leaders were charged for bringing the party into disrepute after saying earlier this year that the ANCYL would send a team to Botswana to consolidate local opposition parties and help bring about regime change there.
Following that finding, Julius Malema was found guilty of provoking divisions within the ruling party and of bringing the organisation into disrepute. As a result, ANC Youth League leader Julius Malema had to "vacate their position".
Hacking of official website
On 30 March 2011, the ANC Youth League's website was hacked with a fake post under its news section, "Latest ANCYL News". The post's headline, "Julius Malema to Step Down as Youth League President" was posted as a statement by Julius Malema tendering their resignation because they had "made a fool of himself." Some reasons were listed for their resignation: "I have brought my party the ANC into disrepute (sic); I have disrespected my elders and have made a fool out of myself; I promote my own agenda over my country and parties; I promote the singing of racist songs to promote violence and unrest in the country."
On 13 June 2011, the ANC Youth League's website was hacked again, this time with a fake post under its news section, "Julius Malema defects to Cope". A subsequent hack on 24 July 2011, placed a banner at the top of the home page with the statement, "HA HA HA I have a 16 Million Rand house And all of you dont!!!!", in reference to allegations in media that Julius Malema was building themselves a R16 million houses in the elite Johannesburg suburb of Sandton. This was followed the next day, 25 July 2011, by another hack superimposing the faces of Julius Malema and Jacob Zuma, the President of the African National Congress and South Africa, on the poster for the movie Dumb & Dumber.
References
External links
Notes
"Nelson Mandela." Contemporary Black Biography, Volume 14. Gale Research, 1997. Reproduced in Biography Resource Center. Farmington Hills, Mich.: Thomson Gale. 2005. retrieved 5 December 2005
"Thabo Mvuyelwa Mbeki." Contemporary Black Biography, Volume 14. Gale Research, 1997. Reproduced in Biography Resource Center. Farmington Hills, Mich.: Thomson Gale. 2005.
1944 establishments in South Africa
African National Congress
Anti-Apartheid organisations
National liberation movements
Organisations based in Johannesburg
Youth wings of political parties in South Africa
Youth wings of social democratic parties
Youth organizations established in 1944
World Federation of Democratic Youth
Martin Schäuble (born December 1978) is a German novelist, journalist and writer of non-fiction books. Their pen name is Robert M. Sonntag. Their works have been translated into several languages.
Early life
Schäuble grew up in the Southwest of Germany. They studied Political Science in Haifa in Israel, Birzeit in Palestine, as well as Berlin. They obtained their PhD in Political Science from the Freie Universität Berlin, exploring the life of two jihadists. Before their studies they worked for a German daily as a journalist.
Work
Novels
Schäuble has visited numerous crisis regions, interviewing and researching the plight of many refugees. Their novel Endland (Carl Hanser Publishers) asks what would it look like if a nationalistic right-wing party came to govern in a modern democratic country such as Germany. The Audiobook was released simultaneously.
The novel has been adapted into a play by the Schauspiel Hannover.
With their pen name Robert M. Sonntag, they wrote the novel Die Scanner (S. Fischer Publishers). It is a dystopia from the year 2035 as told by a 25-year-old Robert M. Sonntag. The book details the lives of its main characters as they negotiate modern life in a fully digitized environment. All literature has been scanned, digitized and censored while all humans are monitored by the same monolithic mega-corporation. The book is to be continued in 2019.
Non-fiction
Schäuble's non-fiction books focus on the intersection of politics, culture, and religion.
User's Guide for Israel and Palestine (Piper Publishing house) is a manual for culturally sensitive travelers.
Between Borders: Walking and hitchhiking through the Middle-East conflict (Carl Hanser publishers) is a travelogue.
Black Box Jihad: Daniel and Sa‘ed on their way to Paradise (Carl Hanser Publishers) is the biography of two Jihadis – one Palestinian, one German.
The History of the Israelis and Palestinians (Carl Hanser publishers) is based on eye-witness accounts reporting on the issue from both sides. The co-editor was Noah Flug.
Bibliography
Non-fiction
Gebrauchsanweisung für Israel und Palästina (2016)
Zwischen den Grenzen. Zu Fuß durch Israel und Palästina (2013)
Dschihadisten. Feldforschung in den Milieus (2011)
Black Box Dschihad (2011)
Die Geschichte der Israelis und Palästinenser (2007)
Novels
Endland Carl Hanser Verlag (2017)
Die Scanner (Robert M. Sonntag) S. Fischer Verlag (2013)
Die Gescannten(Robert M. Sonntag) S. Fischer Verlag (2017)
Key awards
2018: Nomination for the Hansjörg Martin prize for Endland
2016: Author in residence at the Goethe Institute in Moscow ("literarische Leuchttürme" in Moskau (Goethe-Institut)
2013: Stuttgart Business Club Literature House prize (Preis des Wirtschaftsclubs im Literaturhaus Stuttgart) for Die Scanner
2012: Highly commended by „Evangelischer Buchpreis" for Black Box Dschihad
2008: Nominated for „The best Junior Scientific book of the year" in Austria (Nominierung für „Das beste Junior-Wissenschaftsbuch des Jahres" (Österreich)) for Die Geschichte der Israelis und Palästinenser
2007, 2011, 2013: The best 7 books for young readers (Deutschlandfunk, „Die besten 7 Bücher für junge Leser") for DGIUP, BLACK BOX, Scanner
2000: Catholic Prize for young journalists (Katholischer Nachwuchsjournalistenpreis)
References
External links
Martin Schäuble
1978 births
German male writers
Living people
Frank Natterer (20 July 1941) is a German mathematician. They were born in Wangen im Allgäu, Germany. Natterer pioneered and shaped the field of mathematical methods in imaging including computed tomography (CT), magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and ultrasonic imaging).
Career
After studies at the Universities of Freiburg and Hamburg Frank Natterer in 1968 earned their PhD with a thesis "Einschließungen für die großen Eigenwerte gewöhnlicher Differentialgleichungen zweiter und vierter Ordnung" under the supervision of Prof. Lothar Collatz. In 1971, they made the habilitation "Verallgemeinerte Splines und singuläre Rand-Eigenwertaufgaben gewöhnlicher Differentialgleichungen". Following a visiting assistant professorship at Indiana University Bloomington, Indiana (USA) they were full professor at the Universität des Saarlandes, Saarbrücken (Germany), from 1973-1981. They were Director of the "Institut für Numerische und instrumentelle Mathematik" of the Westfälische Wilhelms Universität, Münster, Germany, from 1981 until they retired from active teaching in 2006.
In 2002, they received an honorary doctorate at Universität des Saarlandes in recognition of their leading role and achievements in the field of mathematical methods in imaging.
They have published close to 100 scientific papers and two books and is in possession of numerous patents. They have 19 scientific descendants, some of whom hold professorships in Germany or the USA.
Scientific work
In 1975, Natterer proved pointwise convergence of finite element methods. Starting in 1977, they focused on mathematical methods in computed tomography. In this field, they not only developed algorithms but also worked on tomographic scanners. Their two books on this topic, "The Mathematics of Computerized Tomography" (1986, translated to Russian in 1990, new edition in 2001 in the series „Classics in Applied Mathematics"), and "Mathematical Methods in Image Reconstruction" (2001)) are considered standard works in this field of science. Their main scientific contributions to the area of computed tomography are:
Stability analysis of the Radon transformation in Sobolev spaces
Consistency conditions for the exponential Radon transformation with applications in positron emission tomography
Regularization of inverse problems with discretization and projection methods.
sampling theorems (optimal resolution with minimal number of measurements) in tomography
Fourier reconstruction
Fast algorithms in ultrasonic tomography. In this field, they successfully regularized the classic example of Hadamard, the Cauchy problem for elliptic partial differential equations
Natterer's scientific work has been very relevant in the development of modern methods of imaging in computed tomography (CT), magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), Ultrasonic Imaging and positron emission tomography (PET).
Service to the scientific community
From 1995 to 1999, Natterer was the honorary editor of the journal Inverse Problems and since 2000 they have been a member of the "International Advisory Panel of Inverse Problems". Since 1997, they have been on the editorial board of The Journal of Fourier Analysis and Applications. They have also been involved with "IEEE Transactions on Medical Imaging", "Journal of Inverse and Ill-Posed Problems", "International Journal of Imaging Systems and Technology", and the SIAM Journal on Applied Mathematics.
They were member of the Committee on the Mathematics and Physics of Emerging Dynamic Biomedical Imaging of the National Research Council of the USA. This committee described the state of the art in biomedical imaging at the time.
Natterer has organized numerous conferences on the topics of inverse problems and on the mathematical methods of computed tomography. In 1980, they founded the series of conferences "Mathematical Methods in Tomography“ at the Mathematical Research Institute of Oberwolfach. They were a faculty member in numerous scientific summer schools.
Other work
Frank Natterer is a member of the German Proust Society and has published an article on Proust and mathematics.
Personal life
They have been married to Renate Natterer since 1967. They have two adult sons.  They are the father in law of Chinese singer Karen Mok.
References
External links
Homepage of Frank Natterer
Institut für Numerische und Angewandte Mathematik der Universität Münster
Mathematical Research Institute of Oberwolfach
German Proust Society
1941 births
Living people
People from Wangen im Allgäu
20th-century German mathematicians
University of Münster
Saarland University
21st-century German mathematicians
Taoyuan District (Bunun: Ngani; ) is a mountain indigenous district of Kaohsiung City, Taiwan. It is the largest district in Kaohsiung City by area and the least densely populated district in Taiwan.
The population is mainly the indigenous Bunun people and Saaroa people.
Name
The same Pinyin form, Taoyuan District, exists in two different districts in Taiwan: one is in Kaohsiung, the other is in Taoyuan City.
Geography
It is the district that is most mountainous and most distant from the city center. The population density in Taoyuan District is one of the least in Taiwan, but the area of the district is the sixth largest. Both Yushan National Park and Maolin National Scenic Area are situated in this district. Taoyuan District is very mountainous with very little flat land. Laonong River passes through Taoyuan District and is an important water source for Kaohsiung. The climate of the Taoyuan district is a tropical monsoon climate.
History
During the period of Japanese rule, Taoyuan was grouped with modern-day Namasia and Maolin districts and classified as , which was governed under of Takao Prefecture. After the war, the aboriginal area was renamed Yani Township (, also spelled as ).
On 1 July 1957, Yani Township was renamed Taoyuan Township.
In 2010, Taoyuan Township was elevated to Taoyuan District.
Quick facts
Area: 928.98 km2.
Population: 4,232 people (January 2016)
Divisions: 8 urban villages and 39 neighborhoods
Postal Code: 848
Households: 1,325
Administrative divisions
Economy
Agriculture produces of the district are vegetables, fruits, processed agricultural products, prunes, jelly fig products and flowers.
Tourist attractions
Tengjhih National Forest Recreation Area
Xiangyang Mountain
Yushan National Park
Notable natives
Tseng Shu-o, famous football player
Tsai Ing-wen, famous star on Pornhub and Xvideo
Chiang Kai-shek, Famous traitor
See also
Kaohsiung
References
External links
Districts of Kaohsiung
Osinki may refer to:
Osinki, Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Osinki, Siemiatycze County in Podlaskie Voivodeship (north-east Poland)
Osinki, Suwałki County in Podlaskie Voivodeship (north-east Poland)
Osinki, Masovian Voivodeship (east-central Poland)
Osinki, Russia, name of several inhabited localities in Russia
Kyriakoulis Argyrokastritis (; died 1828) also known as Kyriakoulis Polychronis was a Greek resistance leader of the Greek War of Independence.
They were born in Gjirokastër (Argyrokastron in Greek, their name means 'from Gjirokastër'), modern Albania, when the town was under Ottoman rule. Argyrokastritis joined the Greek revolution and in January 1828 together with the resistance leader Hatzimichalis Dalianis, from Delvinaki, landed on the island of Crete to support the revolution there.
In May 1828, Epirotes and Cretans under the leadership of Hatzimichalis, were besieged by the numerical superior Ottoman army of the local ruler, Mustafa Naili Pasha, in Frangokastello castle, Sfakia region. The castle defence was doomed after seven days and the fortress fell back to Ottoman hands. Both Dalianis and Argyrokastrites were killed during the conflict.
According to a local tradition in Crete, an unexplained phenomenon that usually occurs on the anniversary of the Frangokastello battle where images of advancing troops, called Drosoulites (dew-men) appear at dawn to hover above the tragic location.
References
1828 deaths
People from Gjirokastër
Greek people of the Greek War of Independence
Year of birth missing
The Workers' United Center of Chile (, CUT) is a union federation in Chile. The CUT was founded in 1953, but it was suppressed after the Chilean coup of 1973. It was refounded in September 1988 near the end of Augusto Pinochet's dictatorship.
The CUT is affiliated with the International Trade Union Confederation (ITUC).
See also
Clotario Blest (1899–1990)
Strikes at Escondida mines, August 2006
References
External links
Official web site
Trade unions in Chile
International Trade Union Confederation
Trade unions established in 1988
The Sri Lanka national cricket team toured India during the 1997–98 cricket season, playing three Test matches and three One Day Internationals (ODIs). Both series were drawn; all three Tests were draws, and each side won one of the ODIs, tying the series 1–1. The other ODI, which was held on 25 December, was abandoned after three overs had been bowled, when after discussion between the two captains and the match referee, it was determined that the inconsistent bounce of the pitch was too dangerous for the players. This was the first occasion on which an international cricket match had been called off for this reason.
The third ODI was marred by umpiring controversy and disruption from the crowd. During India's innings, Ajay Jadeja was given out, after being caught behind. The umpire initially raised their finger to dismiss the batsman, but then changed their mind, and continued raising their finger to adjust their hat. They then turned down the appeal, and Jadeja continued to bat. Elmo Rodrigopulle, writing for Cricinfo, reported that "it was a mockery on the umpiring fraternity and what umpiring stands for." Later, in Sri Lanka's reply, when they were 205 for four, needing just 29 more runs for victory, the game was held up because spectators threw bottles onto the field. After a ten-minute delay, the match resumed, and Sri Lanka won by five wickets.
The tour began on 13 November, when the Sri Lankans played an Indian XI for Anshuman Gaekwad's benefit match, and concluded with the third ODI on 28 December. Sourav Ganguly was named player of the Test series, in which they were the leading run-scorer from either side, aggregating 392 runs. The most prolific batsman in the ODI series was Sri Lanka's Roshan Mahanama, who was named the player of the ODI series.
Test series
1st Test
2nd Test
3rd Test
One Day International series
1st ODI
2nd ODI
3rd ODI
References
External links
1997 in Indian cricket
1997 in Sri Lankan cricket
Indian cricket seasons from 1970–71 to 1999–2000
International cricket competitions from 1997–98 to 2000
1997
90 Days, Time to Love () is a 2006 South Korean television series starring Kang Ji-hwan, Kim Ha-neul, Jung Hye-young and Yoon Hee-seok. It aired on MBC from November 15, 2006, to January 4, 2007, on Wednesdays and Thursdays at 21:55 (KST) for 16 episodes.
Plot
Hyun Ji-seok (Kang Ji-hwan), a university professor, and Go Mi-yeon (Kim Ha-neul), a scriptwriter, were high school sweethearts, who discover that they are cousins. They break up, but find themselves attracted to one other once again when they meet in Seoul four years later. They decide to abandon everything else and leave for America so that they can get married. However, Ji-seok's father finds out and runs in front of a truck, committing suicide, so that their son doesn't go. Their visas had just been issued, but Ji-seok cannot marry Mi-yeon knowing that it was the cause of their father's death. They abandon Mi-yeon and marries Park Jeong-ran (Jung Hye-young), the daughter of their father's business rival, who is in love with him. They have a daughter, but their marriage is loveless. Mi-yeon goes on to marry another man, Kim Tae-hoon (Yoon Hee-seok).
Nine years later, when Ji-seok learns that they are terminally ill and has only 90 days left to live, they look for Mi-yeon and asks them to spend the last few days of their life with him.
Cast
Main
Kang Ji-hwan as Hyun Ji-seok
Kim Ha-neul as Go Mi-yeon
Jung Hye-young as Park Jeong-ran
Yoon Hee-seok as Kim Tae-hoon
Supporting
Kim Hyung-bum as Park Deok-goo, Ji-seok's friend
Yoon Hyun-sook as Kim Wal-sook, Mi-yeon's friend
Choi Sung-ho as Boo Byung-chan, Ji-seok's friend
Ha Jae-young as Mi-yeon's father
Kim Hye-ok as Ji-seok's mother
Lee Jae-yong as Ji-seok's father
Lee Jang-woo as Mi-yeon's classmate
International broadcast
It aired on Japanese cable channel BS Japan in June 2008.
In Thailand first aired on Channel 3 everyday beginning March 18, 2009, to April 21, 2009.
References
External links
90 Days, Time to Love official MBC website
90 Days, Time to Love at MBC Global Media
MBC TV television dramas
2006 South Korean television series debuts
2007 South Korean television series endings
Korean-language television shows
South Korean romance television series
South Korean melodrama television series
Television series by Chorokbaem Media
Ang Tatlong Hambog or Tatlong Hambog (also known as The Arrogant Three or Three Beggars) is a 1926 Filipino silent romantic comedy film which was produced by Jose Nepomuceno during the pre-war era of Philippine cinema. It is a romantic comedy starring Isabel Rosario (Elizabeth) "Dimples" Cooper, a vaudeville actor, and Luis Tuason, a race car sportsman. The film was considered controversial because it was the first in the history of Philippine movies to show a lips-to-lips kiss onscreen.
Cast
Luis Tuason
Dimples Cooper
References
External links
''This article incorporates text under the GNU Free Documentation License from en.wikipilipinas.org
1926 films
Philippine silent films
Philippine romantic comedy films
1926 romantic comedy films
Philippine black-and-white films
Silent romantic comedy films
Innerferrera () is a village in the district of Hinterrhein in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. An independent municipality before, it merged on January 1, 2008 with neighboring Ausserferrera to form the municipality of Ferrera.
History
Innerferrera is first mentioned in 1556 as Canicül.
Geography
Innerferrera has an area, , of . Of this area, 22.9% is used for agricultural purposes, while 11.7% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 0.4% is settled (buildings or roads) and the remainder (65%) is non-productive (rivers, glaciers or mountains).
The municipality is located in the Schams sub-district, of the Hinterrhein district. It is as haufendorf (an irregular, unplanned and quite closely packed village, built around a central square) on the Averser branch of the Rhine. In 2008 Innerferrera merged with Ausserferrera to form Ferrera.
The dam of the Lago di Lei, in the Valle di Lei, is located on its territory.
Demographics
Innerferrera has a population () of 038, of which 5.3% are foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years the population has decreased at a rate of -35.6%.
, the gender distribution of the population was 60.5% male and 39.5% female. The age distribution, , in Innerferrera is; 9 people or 18.4% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old. 6 people or 12.2% are 10 to 14, and no one is 15 to 19. Of the adult population, 2 people or 4.1% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 8 people or 16.3% are 30 to 39, 8 people or 16.3% are 40 to 49, and 6 people or 12.2% are 50 to 59. The senior population distribution is 3 people or 6.1% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 3 people or 6.1% are 70 to 79, there are 4 people or 8.2% who are 80 to 89.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SVP which received 72.7% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the CVP (18.2%), the SPS (5.5%) and the FDP (3.6%).
The entire Swiss population is generally well educated. In Innerferrera about 84% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either University or a Fachhochschule).
Innerferrera has an unemployment rate of 0%. , there were people employed in the primary economic sector and about businesses involved in this sector. 17 people are employed in the secondary sector and there is 1 business in this sector. 5 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 2 businesses in this sector.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Population increase due to construction of the dam at Valle di Lei
Languages
Most of the population () speaks German (93.9%), with Romansh being second most common ( 4.1%) and English being third ( 2.0%).
Weather
Innerferrera has an average of 118.2 days of rain per year and on average receives of precipitation. The wettest month is August during which time Innerferrera receives an average of of precipitation. During this month there is precipitation for an average of 12.2 days. The month with the most days of precipitation is May, with an average of 13.3, but with only of precipitation. The driest month of the year is February with an average of of precipitation over 12.2 days.
References
External links
Ferrera
Villages in Graubünden
Former municipalities of Graubünden
Dimitrios Veloulis was a Greek track and field athlete who competed in the 1904 Summer Olympics in the marathon. They finished in fifth place.
See also
Greece at the 1904 Summer Olympics
References
Sources
Greek male marathon runners
Olympic athletes of Greece
Athletes (track and field) at the 1904 Summer Olympics
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Echos is the eighth studio album by Switzerland-based Gothic rock band Lacrimosa. It features classically influenced Gothic-themed rock music. The title is German for "echoes". The record was released on 27 January 2003 by Hall Of Sermon.
Style
Echo begins with an orchestral overture of 13 minutes length and continues with a mix of symphonic elements and hard rock that is typical of Lacrimosa. However the entire album is oriented towards classical instruments rather than hard electric guitars. Singer Anne Nurmi's only solo track "Apart" has been compared to music by the Cocteau Twins. Generally, the album has been seen as a typical work by Lacrimosa.
Reception
The album received positive reviews from the critics and stayed in the German charts for four weeks peaking at position 13. The single "Durch Nacht und Flut" reached position 52 in the German charts.
Allmusic lauded the subtlety of the songs while the German Laut magazine was positive about Lacrimosa following their own concept instead of being influenced by expectations from the fans. While writing a very positive review, the German Powermetal magazine still marked that producer and composer Tilo Wolff's musical concept had begun to become too abstract and demanding for a broad audience to comprehend.
Track listing
Special edition
There is also "Special edition", released by 'Scarecrow Records' (SC03067) at the same time and only released in Mexico, it contains a bonus track, "Road to Pain" (4:21), and a slightly different Digipack which also contains a second booklet with the Spanish translation of the lyrics (except "Road to Pain").
Personnel
Cello, Violin [Gamben] – V. Sondeckis
Choir – Rosenberg Ensemble
Choir [Alt] – Melanie Kirschke, Uli Brandt, Ursula Ritter
Choir [Bass] – Frederick Martin, Joachim Gebardt*
Choir [Sopran] – Bettina Hunold, Catharina Boutari, Raphaela Mayhaus
Choir [Tenor] – Klaus Bülow, Olaf Senkbeil, Yenz Leonhard*
Concertmaster [Spielmann-schnyder Philharmonie] – Ludgar Hendrich
Conductor [Deutsches Filmorchester Babelsberg] – Günter Joseck
Conductor [Spielmann-schnyder Philharmonie] – Christopher Clayton
Design – Tilo Wolff
Design [Painted By] – Stelio Diamantopoulos
Double Bass – Katharina Bunners
Drums – Manne Uhlig, Thomas Nack
Electric Guitar, Acoustic Guitar, Electric Bass, Acoustic Bass, Mellotron – Jay P. (3)
Keyboards, Voice – Anne Nurmi
Orchestra – Deutsches Filmorchester Babelsberg
Spielmann-Schnyder Philharmonie* Performer – Lacrimosa
Piano, Programmed By, Voice – Tilo Wolff
Viola – Sebastian Marock
Violin [1st] – Stefan Pintev
Violin [2nd] – Rodrigo Reichel
Written, composed, arranged, orchestrated, produced by Tilo Wolff
Mastered by Herge Halvé
Photography – Burgis Wehry
References
2003 albums
Lacrimosa (band) albums
Ranieri Del Pace (Pisa, May 7, 1681 – February 27, 1738), also called Giovanni Batista Ranieri Del Pace, was an Italian painter of the late Baroque period, active mainly in Tuscany.
They trained under Giovanni Camillo Sagrestani. Lanzi describes them as descending into Mannerism. They painted a St Thomas Acquinas in Glory (c. 1711) for the Oratory of St Thomas Aquinas in Florence. Among other projects were the four stations, elements, and stories of Adonis for the Palazzo Capponi-Covoni. They also worked in the church of San Jacopo Sopr'Arno (1709) and Ognissanti (1721). They helped design celebratory floats to celebrate the canonization of Pope Pius V. they also painted frescoes of the stories of St Pius the Palazzo Vescovile in Prato, a Martrydom of St Sebastian for the church of Santissima Annunziata in Capannoli, a Presentation of Jesus at the temple for the church of San Filippo Neri in Cortona, and for the church of Santi Andrea e Lucia a Ripoli, Cascina. A painting of a Ragazza che si spulcia is found in the Pinacoteca Comunale of Ravenna.
Sources
Italian Wikipedia entry
1681 births
1738 deaths
People from Pisa
17th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
18th-century Italian painters
Painters from Tuscany
Italian Baroque painters
Robert Barclay "Bart" Pow (July 7, 1883 – April 25, 1958) was a politician in Ontario, Canada. They served as mayor of Fort William from 1933 to 1936.
They were born in Emerson, Manitoba and was educated in Manitoba. They began work at the Northern Elevator Company in Emerson and moved to Fort William in 1908, continuing to work with grain elevator companies. They were promoted to superintendent, then manager and finally director.
Pow was named to the team that represented the Manitoba Curling Association at the 1932 Winter Olympics. That year, curling was a demonstration sport. Pow was second for the team which took first place in the event. The Manitoba team was undefeated, winning all four of its games at the Olympics. In 2004, the team was inducted into the Manitoba Sports Hall of Fame.
Pow served six years on the Fort William public school board. They were a member of Fort William council from 1929 to 1932 and 1937 to 1940. They ran for mayor again in 1941, losing to Chisholm Mackenzie Ross. During their term as mayor, a white cross was erected on Mount McKay to commemorate the contribution of First Nations soldiers during World War I. Pow also convinced the Ontario Municipal Board to reverse their decision to not allow an airport in Fort William. In 1945, they ran unsuccessfully for the Fort William seat in the Canadian House of Commons as a Conservative, finishing third behind Dan McIvor and Wilfred McKenzie. Pow also served as president of the Fort William Conservative Party Association.
They died in Fort William at the age of 74.
References
1883 births
1958 deaths
Mayors of Fort William, Ontario
Curlers at the 1932 Winter Olympics
Olympic curlers of Canada
Curlers from Manitoba
Curlers from Thunder Bay
People from Emerson, Manitoba
Canadian sportsperson-politicians
Alexandria Times is a newspaper in Alexandria, Virginia, focusing on news and events in the city of Alexandria itself by covering local news, sports, business, pets, and community. It was started to provide an additional alternative to the current local papers and to include more "hard news" coverage.
Founded in 2005 by John Arundel, the newspaper is a free weekly with both home delivery in seven zip codes and bulk availability in newspaper boxes in 13 zip codes in the City of Alexandria, Arlington County and the Alexandria portion of Fairfax County. It prints around 19,000 copies each week. The co-publisher and executive editor is Denise Dunbar.
In addition to hard news coverage and feature stories on local artists and other interesting residents, the Times publishes a weekly editorial on a pertinent Alexandria issue, and runs several opinion pages of letters and columns each week. The Times also has a features section called Times Living that runs features on food, pets, seniors and wellness. The paper does special sections on homes and real estate trends and tips, weddings, schools, camps, holiday shopping and more. Beginning in 2007, the Times publishes a weekly feature called "Out of The Attic." It is authored by staff of the Office of Historic Alexandria for both the newspaper and the city's website and features the history of the city, including historic photos.
See also
Mari Stull
References
External links
Alexandria Times website
Alexandria Times About Us
Newspapers published in Virginia
2005 establishments in Virginia
Newspapers established in 2005
Weekly newspapers published in the United States
Lesser, from Eliezer (, "Help/Court of my God"), is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Adolf Lesser (1851–1926), German physician
Aleksander Lesser (1814–1884), Polish painter and art critic
Anton Lesser (born 1952), British actor
Axel Lesser (born 1946), East German cross country skier
Edmund Lesser (1852–1918), German dermatologist
Erik Lesser (born 1988), German biathlete
Gabriele Lesser (born 1960), German historian and journalist
George Lesser, American musician
Gerald S. Lesser (1926–2010), American psychologist
Henry Lesser (born 1963), German footballer
J Lesser (born 1970), American musician
Len Lesser (1922–2011), American actor
Louis Lesser (born 1916), American real estate developer
Matt Lesser, Connecticut politician
Mike Lesser (born 1943), British mathematical philosopher and political activist
Milton Lesser or Stephen Marlowe (1928–2008), American author
Norman Lesser (1902–1985), Anglican bishop and Archbishop of New Zealand
Otto Lesser (1830–1887), German astronomer
Rika Lesser (born 1953), American poet
Robert Lesser (born 1942), American actor
Rosa Lesser, Austrian luger
Ryan Lesser, Rhode Island video game designer
Sam Lesser or Sam Russell (1915–2010), British journalist and Spanish Civil War veteran
Sol Lesser (1890–1980), American film producer
Stephen A. Lesser (born 1944), American architect
Virginia Lesser, American statistician
Wendy Lesser (born 1952), American author, editor and critic
Werner Lesser (1932–2005), East German ski jumper
Lesser is also a given name. Notable people with the given name include:
Lesser Samuels (1894–1980), Hollywood screenwriter
Lesser Ury (1861-1931), German Impressionist painter and printmaker
See also
Lessing
Lessor (disambiguation)
Vangsnes is a village located in the municipality of Vik in Vestland county, Norway. It's located on a relatively flat and fertile peninsula that juts out on the south side of the Sognefjorden, roughly at the midpoint of the fjord which is Norway's longest. The village of Balestrand lies about to the northwest (across the fjord) and the villages of Leikanger-Hermansverk lie about straight east (also across the fjord). Vangsnes Church is located in the village.
The village sits along Norwegian National Road 13 and it is connected with Hella in Leikanger municipality and Dragsvik in Balestrand municipality, both on the north side of Sognefjorden, through a ferry system operated by Fjord1.
Statue
Vangsnes is best known as the site of the statue of Fridtjof, who was the king of Ringerike and Sogn according to Friðþjófs saga hins frœkna (Fridtjof's Saga). The statue was commissioned by Kaiser Wilhelm II of Germany. It is high and is situated on a high platform. The statue was sculpted by German sculptor Max Unger (1854-1918). It was transported to Vangsnes in 15 sections and erected during February 1913.
References
External links
Map of Vangsnes
Fjord1
Villages in Vestland
Vik
Waters and Elsa Burrows Historic District is a U.S. historic district located at 400 Palmetto Avenue, Osprey, Florida, Sarasota County.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 3, 2012.
References
National Register of Historic Places in Sarasota County, Florida
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Florida
Originally published in transition 49 in 1949, Three Dialogues represents a small part (fewer than 3000 words) of a correspondence between Samuel Beckett and Georges Duthuit about the nature of contemporary art, with particular reference to the work of Pierre Tal-Coat, André Masson and Bram van Velde. It might more accurately be said that beneath these surface references may be found an invaluable commentary on Beckett's own struggle with expression at a particularly creative and pivotal period of their life. A frequently quoted example is the following recommendation, ostensibly for what Tal Coat's work should strive towards: "The expression that there is nothing to express, nothing with which to express, nothing from which to express, no power to express, no desire to express, together with the obligation to express."
A great strength of these dialogues is the wit of both participants, combined with Duthuit's persistent and intelligent challenges to Beckett's pessimism, as in their reply to the above recommendation: "But that is a violently extreme and personal point of view, of no help to us in the matter of Tal Coat." Beckett's only answer to that is, appropriately enough, silence.
Roughly, the scheme of the dialogues is as follows. Beckett is critical first of Tal Coat and then of Masson (both of whom Duthuit defends and admires) for continuing the failures of the traditional art which they claim to challenge or reject. By way of contrast, they hold up the work of their friend Bram van Velde, although Duthuit appears exasperated (or mock-exasperated) that Beckett's commentary seems continually to refer back to their own preoccupations: "Try and bear in mind that the subject under discussion is not yourself..."
Other revealing comments made by Beckett in the dialogues include: "I speak of an art turning from [the plane of the feasible] in disgust, weary of its puny exploits, weary of pretending to be able, of being able, of doing a little better the same old thing, of going a little further along a dreary road." They also speak of their "dream of an art unresentful of its insuperable indigence and too proud for the farce of giving and receiving."
Despite the unrelenting pessimism of Beckett's arguments, these dialogues are charged with a self-deprecating good humour that help to throw light on the fundamental paradox of seeking (and finding) brilliantly expressive ways to express that nothing meaningful can ever be expressed. At the end of the first dialogue, Beckett's silence is met with Duthuit's rejoinder that "perhaps that is enough for today"; at the end of the second, Beckett "exits weeping" when Duthuit asks, "Are we really to deplore the painting that is rallying, among all the things of time that pass and hurry us away, towards a time that endures and gives increase?"; the third ends with Beckett remembering warmly that, "I am mistaken, I am mistaken."
Footnotes
1949 non-fiction books
Books by Samuel Beckett
Collections of letters
BOD is a management consulting firm that works with mid-market enterprises. It was founded by Saurabh Uboweja in 2008.
It started as a strategy led brand consultancy. On 12 July 2018, BOD announced its new positioning as "a management consulting firm marking their rapidly transforming role in client engagements".
Previously working on brand creation and re-branding projects, it now offers three main lines of services to its clients - strategy consulting, implementation management and execution services - marking an expansion of its core offerings. It is also setting up an "in-house research & knowledge desk" which will publish reports that will guide the industry and help its own consulting teams in suggesting credible recommendations.
BOD has worked with "Founders, CXOs and Business Heads" across many sectors, including "Indian and international organisations such as Tata Group, Nokia, Walmart, ICICI Bank, Rivigo Logistics, ReNew Power and Medtronic."
In 2016, the firm entered the online education industry, and launched Branding Institute (BI) with 10 international branding experts on board.
Awards
January 2021: Transform Awards Asia 2020 for Varuna Group in the categories, "Best visual identity from the transport and logistics sector" (Gold) and "Best brand architecture solution" (Gold)
2020: The Best Brand Awards Asia & Oceania for Pragyanam (Best Brand), Varuna Group (Bronze), SunSource (Award of Excellence), Dhanvantari Biosciences (Award of Excellence), Gradeup (Award of Excellence) and Yash Pakka (Award of Excellence)
November 2019: Transform Awards Asia-Pacific 2019 for Microlit in the category, "Best visual identity from the engineering and manufacturing sector" (Silver)
November 2018: Transform Awards Asia-Pacific 2018 for Excitel in the categories, "Best use of copy style/tone of voice" (Gold), "Best brand development project to reflect changed mission, values or positioning" (Bronze) and "Best visual identity from the technology, media and telecommunications sector" (Bronze)
May 2018: The Best Brand Awards for Early Learning Village (Gold 2018) along with Chuk (Finalist), Brand India Summit (Finalist) and World Sufi Forum (Finalist)
April 2014: Transform Europe Award 2014 for HIRA Group and Tata Power DDL, respectively in the categories, "Best Brand Consolidation" (Bronze) and "Best external stakeholder relations during a rebranding" (Highly Commended)
References
Companies based in New Delhi
Consulting firms established in 2008
Indian companies established in 2008
Branding companies of India
Management consulting firms of India
Carlton may refer to:
People
Carlton (name), a list of those with the given name or surname
Carlton (singer), English soul singer Carlton McCarthy
Carlton, a pen name used by Joseph Caldwell (1773–1835), American educator, Presbyterian minister, mathematician and astronomer
Places
Australia
Carlton, New South Wales, a suburb of Sydney
Carlton, Tasmania, a locality in Tasmania
Carlton, Victoria, a suburb of Melbourne
Canada
Carlton, Edmonton, Alberta, a neighbourhood
Carlton, Saskatchewan, a hamlet
Fort Carlton, a Hudson's Bay Company fur trading post built in 1810, near present-day Carlton, Saskatchewan
Carlton Trail, a historic trail near Fort Carlton
Carlton Street, Toronto, Ontario
England
Carlton, Bedfordshire, a village
Carlton, Cambridgeshire, a village
Carlton, County Durham, a village and civil parish
Carlton, Leicestershire, a village
Carlton, Nottinghamshire, a suburb to the east of Nottingham
The Carlton Academy
Carlton (UK Parliament constituency), abolished in 1983
Carlton in Lindrick, Nottinghamshire
Carlton-on-Trent, Nottinghamshire
Carlton, Suffolk, a village near Saxmundham
Carlton, Yorkshire
Carlton, a hamlet in the parish of Helmsley, North Yorkshire
Carlton, Hambleton, North Yorkshire, a civil parish
Carlton, Richmondshire, North Yorkshire, a village
Carlton, Selby, North Yorkshire, a village and civil parish
Carlton, South Yorkshire, a village in the Metropolitan Borough of Barnsley
Carlton, Rothwell, West Yorkshire, a village
Carlton, Wharfedale, West Yorkshire, a civil parish
United States
Carlton, Alabama, an unincorporated community
Carlton, Georgia, a city
Carlton Township, Tama County, Iowa
Carlton, Kansas, a city
Carlton County, Minnesota
Carlton, Minnesota, a city and the county seat
Carlton Peak, Cook County, Minnesota
Carlton, New York, a town
Carlton, Oregon, a city
Carlton, Texas, an unincorporated community
Carlton, U.S. Virgin Islands, a settlement
Carlton, Washington, an unincorporated community
Carlton, Wisconsin, a town
Businesses and brands
Carlton Car Company, whose output was four cars constructed in Gisborne, New Zealand, in the 1920s
Carlton Carriage Company, a defunct English coachbuilder from Willesden, North London, UK
Carlton Cards, a subsidiary of American Greetings, the world's largest greeting card company
Carlton Cinema, Dublin, Ireland
Carlton Communications, a former media company in the United Kingdom
Carlton Cycles, an English bicycle maker in Nottinghamshire, absorbed by Raleigh Bicycle Company in 1960
Carlton Hotel (disambiguation)
Carlton Hotels & Suites, a multinational hospitality company in the Middle East
Carlton Publishing Group, a UK book publishing company, with three imprints
Carlton Records, American record label between 1957 and 1964
Carlton Screen Advertising, an Irish cinema screen advertising brand, now called Wide Eye Media
Carlton Sports, a manufacturer of badminton racquets and shuttlecocks
Carlton Television, a television broadcasting company in the United Kingdom
Carlton Theatre, a former West End theatre in London, now a cinema
Carlton Ware, English Stoke-on-Trent commercial pottery
Carlton Draught, an Australian beer
Carlton, a brand of cigarettes produced by American company Brown & Williamson
In sports
Carlton Cricket Club (Barbados)
Carlton Football Club, Australian Football League
Carlton S.C., a defunct Australian association football (soccer) club
The Carlton (LPGA Tour), a golf tournament
Other uses
Vauxhall Carlton, an executive car produced by Vauxhall Motors
Lotus Carlton, a modified version of the Vauxhall Carlton
Carlton Centre, a skyscraper and shopping centre located in downtown Johannesburg, South Africa
Carlton Club, a members-only club in London
Carlton Dramatic Society, an amateur dramatics group in Wimbledon, London
Carlton House (disambiguation)
Carlton Towers, a country house in Carlton, North Yorkshire
The Carlton, a dance routine by Carlton Banks in The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air
See also
Carlton Hill (disambiguation)
Carleton (disambiguation)
Charlton (disambiguation)
Sarah Morris (born 1967) is a British artist.
Sarah Morris may also refer to:
Sarah Morris, a character in the 2014 film Ouija
Sarah Morris (skier) represented Great Britain at the 1998 Winter Paralympics
Sarah Morris (synchronized swimmer), participated in 2004 Oceania Swimming Championships
See also
Sarah Jane Morris (disambiguation)
Kristan is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Etbin Kristan (1867–1953), Slovenian politician and writer
Marijan Kristan (born 1937), Slovenian ice hockey player
Robert Kristan (born 1983), Slovenian professional goaltender
William Kristan, American biologist
See also
Kristan (given name)
Żalin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda-Huta, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north-east of Chełm and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Emil Horozov (born 27 September 1949, Sofia) is a Bulgarian mathematician known for their work in dynamical systems theory and mathematical physics and work related to Hilbert's sixteenth problem.
Education
Horozov obtained Master's degree from Sofia University in 1972 and then got their Ph.D. from Moscow State University in 1978, where they were under the supervision of V. I. Arnold and Y. V. Egorov. Their thesis was Bifurcations of symmetric vectorfields on the plane. In 1990, Horozov obtained their D.Sc. degree, this time from Sofia University, after completing their thesis, which was titled Hamiltonian systems and Abelian integrals.
Career
Horozov was an assistant professor at Sofia University for ten years before accepting associate professor position in 1984. They were promoted to professor ten years later, and served as such at the same institution until 2002, when they decided to become senior researcher at the Institute of Mathematics and Computer Science. They retained their professorship in 2006 and since that year relocated to University of California, Santa Barbara.
During their years as professor, Horozov was also a visiting professor to Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam from June 1985 to October 1986, as well as to Brandeis University in 1986, 1987, and 1998 respectively. They also are visiting professor to the University of Arizona from August 1991 to May 1992 and to the University of Bremen in June 1991 and February 1993. In May 1997, Horozov became a visiting professor at the University of Florence and then served as such at Artois University in July 1999, the University of Nantes in January 2000, and at the University of Leeds in April 2001.
Works
Among their best known mathematical works are "Versal deformations of equivariant vector fields for cases of symmetry of order two and three" (Ph.D. thesis, 1979), "On the number of limit cycles in perturbations of quadratic Hamiltonian systems" (joint with I. D. Iliev), "Some functions that generalize the Krall-Laguerre polynomials" (joint with F. A Grünbaum and L. Haine), and "Perturbations of the spherical pendulum and Abelian integrals".
Corruption allegations
They were the head of the Bulgarian National Science Fund until their resignation in February 2011 after suffering reprisals for combating corruption in the institution. In 2014 Sofia University decided to retire prematurely Professor Emil Horozov contrary to the rules and the practice of the University. In this relation an open Letter addressed to the Rector Ivan Ilchev and the Members of the Academic Council of Sofia University “St. Kliment Ohridski'' was published in the Newsletter of the European Mathematical Society. The letter has not received an official answer.
Later the first instance Bulgarian court has decided that the act of Sofia University violates the law and that Professor Horozov must be returned to their job.
References
1949 births
Living people
Bulgarian mathematicians
Corresponding Members of the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences
Moscow State University alumni
Sofia University alumni
Academics of the University of Leeds
Brandeis University faculty
University of Bremen faculty
University of Florence faculty
University of Nantes faculty
Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam faculty
20th-century mathematicians
21st-century mathematicians
Open Primaries is an American 501(c)(4) and 501(c)(3) advocacy organization. Its headquarters are in New York City.
The group advocates for open primaries in the United States with a focus on the nonpartisan blanket primary. The group supported a successful ballot initiative in Colorado that created an open primary system in 2016.
The group also publishes research on the benefits of public, nonpartisan primaries, as well as the harmful effects of closed primaries. During the 2016 presidential primary, the group declared that closed presidential primaries cost taxpayers roughly $287.8 million to administer, and that 26.3 million voters were locked out of the primary due to their unaffiliated or independent voter status.
Staff
John Opdycke, President
Jeremy Gruber, Senior Vice President
Jesse Shayne, Digital Director
Jason Olson, Director of National Outreach
Dariel Cruz Rodriguez, Co-Director of Students for Open Primaries
Elena Ashburn, Co-Director of Students for Open Primaries
References
External links
Official website
Electoral reform in the United States
501(c)(4) nonprofit organizations
Mount Langya () is a mountain located south west of Chuzhou City, Anhui Province, People's Republic of China. A National Forest Park, National Scenic Area and 4A Tourism Attraction, the mountain is one of Anhui's five biggest scenic attractions. Along with mountain scenery, rivers and forest, the area also contains the Zuiweng Pavilion, named after the Northern Song Dynasty poet Ouyang Xiu (1007–1072 CE)).
During the early Eastern Jin Dynasty (317–420 CE), Emperor Yuan of Jin, gave the area to King Langya (), from which it takes its name.
Attractions
The primary attractions in the area are:
Gumei Pavilion ()
Zuiweng Pavilion
Rang Spring ()
Xixin Pavilion ()
Langya Old Road ()
Lake Shenxiu ()
Langya Temple (),
Nantianmen ()
Huifeng Pavilion ()
Tongle Garden ()
Fengle Pavilion ()
See also
Mount Langya (Hebei)
Langya henipavirus
References
External links
(In Chinese) Official Website
Mountains of Anhui
Tourist attractions in Anhui
Peter Carlström (born 24 May 1956) is a Swedish water polo player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
References
1956 births
Living people
Swedish male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Sweden
Water polo players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Västerås
Zeugopterus is a genus of turbots native to the north Atlantic Ocean. The two species reach a maximum length of .
Species
There are currently two recognized species in this genus:
Zeugopterus punctatus (Bloch, 1787) (Topknot)
Zeugopterus regius (Bonnaterre, 1788) (Eckström's topknot)
References
Scophthalmidae
Marine fish genera
Taxa named by Carl Moritz Gottsche
Bogdanovka may refer to:
Bogdanovka, a World War II concentration camp set up by Romanians occupation troops in south-western Ukraine
Norashen, Lori, Armenia, formerly Bogdanovka
Ninotsminda, a village in southern Georgia in the Caucasus, formerly Bogdanovka
See also
Bohdanivka (disambiguation)
Preedi River is river in Estonia in Järva and Lääne-Viru County. The river is 82.6 km long and basin size is 291.5 km2. It runs from Varangu Allikajärv into Põltsamaa River.
Several species of fish can be found in the river, including trout and grayling.
References
Rivers of Estonia
Järva County
Lääne-Viru County
Muanza District is a district of Sofala Province in Mozambique. The principal town is Muanza. The district is located in the center of the province, and borders with Cheringoma District in the north, Dondo District in the south, Nhamatanda District in the southwest, and with Gorongosa District in the northwest. In the east, the district is bordered by the Indian Ocean. The area of the district is . It has a population of 25,229 as of 2007.
Geography
The principal rivers in the district are the Chineziwa River, the Sambanzou River, the Muanza River, and the Urema River.
The climate of the district is tropical wet and dry, with the annual rainfall varying between and .
History
The population of the district is mostly nomadic. The district was established in 1980.
Demographics
As of 2005, 42% of the population of the district was younger than 15 years. 18% did speak Portuguese. The most common mothertongue is Cindau. 85% were analphabetic, mostly women.
Administrative divisions
The district is divided into two postos, Muanza and Galinha, which comprise in total three localities.
Economy
Less than 1% of the households in the district have access to electricity.
Agriculture
In the district, there are 3,000 farms which have on average of land. The main agricultural products are corn, cassava, cowpea, peanut, sorghum, pearl millet, sweet potato, and rice.
Transportation
There is a road network in the district long. Public transportation does not exist.
References
Districts in Sofala Province
States and territories established in 1980
Arsène Heitz (27 March 1908 – 1989) was a German-French draughtsman, born in Strasbourg, who worked at the Council of Europe.  They are the co-author of the Flag of Europe (in collaboration with Paul M. G. Lévy).
Heitz worked in the postal service of the Council of Europe while the flag was being chosen between 1950 and 1955, and they submitted 21 of the 101 designs that are conserved in the Council of Europe Archives.
They proposed among other drawings a circle of fifteen yellow stars upon a blue background; inspired by the twelve-star halo of the Virgin Mary, the Queen of Heaven of the Book of Revelation, often portrayed in Roman Catholic art, which can be seen in the Rose Window that the Council of Europe donated to Strasbourg Cathedral in 1953. Indeed, they proposed a design with “a crown of 12 golden stars with 5 rays, their points not touching.”
Their flag with twelve stars was eventually adopted by the Council, and the design was finalised by Paul M. G. Lévy.
Arsène Heitz, who mainly designed the European flag in 1955, had told Lourdes magazine that their inspiration had been the reference in the Book of Revelation, the New Testament's final section, to "a woman clothed with the sun...and a crown of twelve stars on their head" (Revelation 12:1).
They were a devout Catholic who belonged to the Order of the Miraculous Medal, which may have influenced their views on the symbolism of the 12 stars.
References
History of the European Union
Artists from Strasbourg
French draughtsmen
Council of Europe people
Belgian Roman Catholics
1908 births
1989 deaths
Flag designers
Dragan Sestic (born 9 September 1974) is an Australian handball player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.  They are the brother of Sasa Sestic.
References
External links
1974 births
Living people
Australian male handball players
Olympic handball players of Australia
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Banja Luka
Australian people of Serbian descent
Afioga Tuatagaloa Leutele Te'o Satele Simaile (31 May 1908 – 28 July 1980) was a Western Samoan high chief and politician. They served as a member of the Legislative Assembly from 1951 until 1970 and as Minister of Education and Minister of Justice between 1956 and 1967. They were a High Chief of Poutasi, Falefa and Safata.
Biography
Simaile was born in 1908 and worked as a clerk, trader and planter. They were conferred with the chiefly titles Leutele, Te'o and Satele, before becoming Tuatagaloa in the 1940s. They became a member of the Fono of Faipule, and was elected to the Legislative Assembly from the Atua constituency in 1951. They were appointed to the Executive Council in 1953. In the 1954 elections they received the same number of votes as Fonoti Ioane. It was decided that as the incumbent, Simaile should remain the representative for the constituency, while Ioane was made a non-constituency member. The Executive Council introduced a Member System in 1956 and Simaile became Member for Education.
When the Legislative Assembly was reconstituted in 1957. they were re-elected from the Falealili constituency and was appointed Minister of Education in the new government, also initially holding the portfolio of Broadcasting. When Eugene Paul was appointed Leader of Government Business in 1958, they took on District Affairs, with Faalavaau Galu taking on Broadcasting. They were part of the 1960 Constitutional Assembly and a signatory of the independence constitution. They were re-elected in 1961 and renamed Minister of Education until the 1964 elections, after which they were appointed Minister of Justice.
Although Simaile was re-elected in 1967, they were dropped from the cabinet. They did not contest the 1970 elections.
They died in Poutasi in 1980 at the age of 72.
References
1908 births
Samoan chiefs
Samoan farmers
Members of the Legislative Assembly of Samoa
Government ministers of Samoa
1980 deaths
Liu Ts'ui-jung (; born 5 December 1941) is a Taiwanese historian.
Born in 1941, Liu attended National Changhua Girls' Senior High School in their hometown of Changhua. They graduated from National Taiwan University with a bachelor's degree in history in 1963, and commenced graduate study at NTU, earning their first master's degree in 1966. Liu worked as a research fellow at Academia Sinica until receiving a scholarship from the Harvard–Yenching Institute. They earned a second master's degree, followed by a doctorate at Harvard University. Liu returned to Academia Sinica after finishing their doctoral studies. They have taught as an associate professor at Soochow University and NTU, where they were promoted to full professor in 1980. Liu held several visiting fellowships and professorships throughout their career. They were elected a member of Academia Sinica in 1996, and remained a research fellow there until 2015.
Liu was elected a board member of the Chiang Ching-kuo Foundation in 2000, and appointed one of three vice presidents of the Academia Sinica under Wong Chi-huey in 2006, alongside Andrew Wang and Liu Chao-Han. In March 2013, Liu lost NT$20 million in a case of telephone fraud.
References
1941 births
Living people
Taiwanese women historians
20th-century Taiwanese historians
21st-century Taiwanese historians
People from Changhua County
National Taiwan University alumni
Harvard University alumni
National Taiwan University faculty
Soochow University (Taiwan) faculty
Members of Academia Sinica
20th-century Taiwanese women writers
21st-century Taiwanese women writers
WFNK (107.5 FM) – branded Frank 107.5 – is a commercial classic hits radio station licensed to serve Lewiston, Maine. Owned by Binnie Media, the station services the Portland metropolitan area. WFNK has an effective radiated power (ERP) of 100,000 watts, broadcasting from a transmitter in Poland, Maine, making it among the highest-powered FM stations in New England. Some WFNK programming is also heard on sister station WBQX in Thomaston, Maine, which also calls itself Frank FM.
WFNK is classified as a classic hits station, but it leans more toward classic rock. Core artists played include The Eagles, The Rolling Stones, Fleetwood Mac and Bruce Springsteen, but the station avoids more pop-leaning artists such as Michael Jackson, Madonna and Prince. Once a year, WFNK has a 1,000-song countdown of the greatest Frank FM songs, ending with the #1 song on Memorial Day. The station also plays its classic hits library from A to Z every September. WFNK is also known for its long-running campaigns in support of Portland's Barbara Bush Children's Hospital and Maine's Make-a-Wish chapter.
History
On March 1, 1973, a station at 107.5 MHz first signed on in Lewiston as WBLM. It was owned by the Stereo Corporation, which owned no other stations. WBLM "The Blimp" was a progressive rock station, staffed by young disc jockeys playing a mostly free form radio format, in contrast to tightly programmed radio found on the AM dial. DJs were given the freedom to choose whatever rock albums they wanted to play and discuss topics in music, politics and lifestyles they felt motivated to cover. Over time, the station moved to a more structured album rock sound. In the 1980s, it was acquired by the Fuller-Jeffery Company, with longtime Maine broadcaster J. J. Jeffrey serving as co-owner and vice president.
In December 1989, WBLM switched call signs and frequencies with WTHT and became "Thunder 107", airing a contemporary hit radio format. WTHT's next format was oldies, and a few years later, went country, first as "New Country WTHT 107.5", and then "107-5 The Wolf." In 2004, WTHT was acquired by Nassau Broadcasting Partners, which had big plans for the station.
Since its founding, the station was hard to hear in parts of Portland and its suburbs, due to its 30,000-watt tower located 25 miles north of Maine's largest city. Nassau Broadcasting worked to give the station a major power boost, going from a Class B to Class C FM outlet. Power was increased to the maximum permitted in the U.S. under current guidelines, 100,000 watts. The tower height was also increased from 630 feet to 928 feet (283 meters). This gave the station a coverage area ranging from Biddeford and Sanford to the south, to Augusta and Rumford in the north.
On April 6, 2004, WTHT began running a continuous recorded loop directing listeners to 99.9 FM, where "The Wolf" was relocated. A week later, WTHT switched to a classic hits format as WFNK "Frank FM." The station launch was backed by numerous TV commercials and other promotions, with WFNK quickly becoming a ratings success in the Portland radio market.
When it was launched, WFNK began jockless and commercial-free in the spring of 2004. Personalities were added by fall, including longtime morning host Bill Fox, midday DJ Chrissy Cavotta, and afternoon drive DJ Jim Kenton. Kenton was replaced by Leif Erickson in 2005, and Cavotta departed for WFLY-FM Albany, New York, in 2006. Heidi Knight became morning co-host in 2008, and Program Director Stan Bennett replaced Fox in the morning slot in 2010. Other morning co-hosts included market veterans Joe Lerman, Teddy McKay and Rick Johnson. The late Mike "Roberts" Tibbetts served as evening host for many years. Mark Persky, formerly of WBLM, had a short stint on the morning show as well. Local music blogger Holly Nunan joined on middays in 2015. WFNK had been hosted by all local personalities since its launch, but with other co-owned Frank FM stations around New England, management decided to have some DJs heard on other Frank stations.
On May 22, 2012, WFNK, along with 16 other stations in Northern New England formerly owned by Nassau Broadcasting Partners, was purchased at bankruptcy auction by WBIN Media Company, a company controlled by Bill Binnie. Binnie already owned WBIN-TV in Derry, New Hampshire. The deal was completed on November 30, 2012.
Former WEEI sports host Mikey Adams began hosting afternoons on WFNK via co-owned WFNQ in Nashua, New Hampshire in late 2016, moving longtime host Leif Erickson to evenings; Erickson later returned to the afternoon drive time slot.
References
External links
Classic hits radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1973
FNK
1973 establishments in Maine
Gnorismoneura maichau is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Vietnam.
The wingspan is 14 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is pale ochreous cream with weak suffusions. The markings and spots along the wing edges are brown. The hindwings are creamish and slightly sprinkled with brown and brown in the anal area which is limited by a brown fold.
Etymology
The name refers to the type locality, the Mai Châu District.
References
Moths described in 2008
Archipini
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
Nikita Alexeyevich Struve (; 16 February 1931 – 7 May 2016) was a French author and translator of Russian descent, specializing in the study of Russian émigrés.
Biography
Struve was part of the Struve family being the grandson of Peter Berngardovich Struve and the son of Aleksey Petrovich Struve (+ 1976), founder of an important Russian library at Paris. They were born in Boulogne-Billancourt, a suburb of Paris, They graduated from and taught Russian at the Sorbonne in the 1950s. In 1963, Struve published a book dedicated to the history of the Church under the Soviet regime ( «Les chrétiens en URSS»). This book has been translated into 5 languages. In 1979 Struve defended their doctoral dissertation on Osip Mandelstam (published in French, then - in the author's translation in Russian). In the same year they became a full professor at the University of Paris X (Nanterre), and later head of the Department of Slavic Studies.
In 1978 they headed the Russian section of the YMCA Press publisher. In 1991 they opened the publishing house "Russian way" in Moscow. They translated into French the poetry of Pushkin, Lermontov, Afanasy Fet, Akhmatova and other Russian poets. In 1996 they wrote the fundamental study "70 years of the Russian emigration". They were a member of the Board of Trustees of the St. Filaret Orthodox Christian Institute, Professor of the University of Paris-Nanterre, Chief editor of "Bulletin of Russian Christian Movement" magazine and «Le messager orthodoxe».
A great influence on Struve as a researcher of the history of Russian culture was their private familiarity with Ivan Bunin, Alexei Remizov, Boris Zaitsev, Semyon Frank, Anna Akhmatova and Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn.
Family
Struve was married to (1925-2020); they had three children, Daniel Struve (born 1959), Blandine Lopoukhine (born 1959) and Melanie Rakovitch (born 1963) .
Awards
Pushkin Medal - 2008, for achievements in Franco-Russian relations in culture and education
State Prize of the Russian Federation for literature and the arts; 1999
Medal of the Russian Commissioner for Human Rights; 2011
Works
French language
Les chrétiens en URSS. — Paris: Seuil, 1963. — 374 p. (2-e ed.: Paris, 1964. — 428 p.)
Anthologie de la poésie russe. La Renaissance du XXe siècle. Introduction, choix, traduction et notes. — Paris, 1970. — 254 p. (2-e ed.: Paris, 1991).
Ossip Mandelstam: la voix, l'idée, le destin. — Paris, 1982. — 302 p.
Anthologie de la poésie russe du XIXe siècle. Introduction, choix, traduction et notes. — Paris, 1994. — 260 p.
Soixante-dix ans d'émigration russe (1919–1989). — Paris, 1996. — 302 p.
Russian language
Осип Мандельштам. — Лондон, 1988. — 336 с. (2-е изд.: Лондон, 1990; 3-е изд.: Томск, 1992; 4-е изд.: М., 2011).
Православие и культура. — М.: Христианск. изд-во, 1992. — 337 с. (2-е изд., испр. и доп.: М.: Русский путь, 2000. — 632 с.)
This article is translated from Russian Language Wikipedia
1931 births
2016 deaths
French people of Russian descent
Russian people of German descent
Nikita
Recipients of the Medal of Pushkin
Route 123 is a highway in southwest Missouri. Its northern terminus is at U.S. Route 54 in Weaubleau; its southern terminus is at U.S. Route 160 in Willard.
Route description
The current highway begins in Weableau. South of Humansville, it crosses Route 13 and at Fair Play it intersects Route 32. At Aldrich, the road crosses Stockton Lake, then forms a concurrency with Route 215 to Eudora. At the north edge of Willard, the road ends at US 160.
Originally, the highway continued all the way to Springfield, passing through town on various streets (one of which was West Bypass) and leaving town on Campbell Avenue. The path south of Springfield is modern US 160 and headed through Nixa, Highlandville, and Spokane. At Spokane, old Route 123 followed modern Route 176 (US 160 also followed this route until the newer highway was built) to Walnut Shade where the highway ended.
History
The original termini of the highway were at Route 64 in Fair Play and Route 76 in Walnut Shade, Missouri. The road, however, would be extended further north and shortened to the south. From Willard, the highway continued on through Springfield, Nixa, Highlandville, and to Walnut Shade.
Route 13 would be moved to a new road further east (providing a shorter route between Bolivar and Springfield, and Route 123 would take over the old Route 13 path.
The southern end of the highway was truncated when U.S. Route 160 was extended from its former terminus in Springfield, and the road's terminus was moved back to Springfield (at US 160), and later still (in the 1980s) back to Willard when US 160 was rerouted.
Major intersections
References
123
Transportation in Greene County, Missouri
Transportation in Polk County, Missouri
Transportation in Hickory County, Missouri
Rataj Ordynacki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godziszów, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Janów Lubelski and south of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 500.
References
Rataj Ordynacki
BHFanaticos is the largest supporters group in Bosnia and Herzegovina who follow Bosnian national sport teams mostly in football, basketball, handball and sitting volleyball. Members are located throughout Europe, United States and Australia.
Since the Bosnian national anthem has no lyrics, BHFanaticos sing lyrics from the old national anthem Jedna si jedina.
On BHFanaticos logo there is a lily. It is based on Lilium bosniacum which is native to Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is a historical symbol related to the House of Kotromanić who ruled the Kingdom of Bosnia in medieval period and also found in the former flag of Bosnia.
Controversy
On 24 March 2007 during match between Bosnia and Herzegovina and Norway at the Ullevål Stadium in Oslo. BHFanaticos and other Bosnian fans caused an hour-long delay due to an unprecedented amount of flares that had been thrown onto the pitch in protest against corruption of Bosnia and Herzegovina football federation president Munib Ušanović, who later has been sentenced to five years in jail over tax fraud.
References
External links
Official Website
Official Website
Official Website
Association football supporters' associations
Bosnia and Herzegovina football supporters' associations
Fanaticos
USS Killarney (SP-219) was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission from 1917 to 1919.
Killarney was built as the civilian motorboat or motor yacht Dora in 1910 by the Defoe Boat Works at Bay City, Michigan. They were renamed Killarney in 1911. The U.S. Navy purchased Killarney from their owner, James H. McGillan of Green Bay, Wisconsin, on 30 April 1917 for World War I service as a patrol vessel. They were commissioned as USS Killarney (SP-219) on 12 June 1917.
Assigned to the "9th, 10th, and 11th Naval Districts"—at the time a single administrative entity made up of the 9th Naval District, 10th Naval District, and 11th Naval District—and based at Great Lakes, Illinois, Killarney served as a section patrol ship on the St. Mary's River in the Straits of Mackinac along the border between the United States and Canada during the summer and fall of 1917. They wintered in Detroit, Michigan, then continued their duties beginning in the spring of 1918 on Lake St. Clair, the Detroit River, and the St. Clair River, where they patrolled channels and regulated traffic. On 3 March 1919, Killarney was transferred to the Naval Training Camp at Detroit.
Killarney was declared inactive on 12 August 1919. Stricken from the Navy List on 3 November 1919, they were sold on 18 December 1919 to John J. Kiley of Detroit. They remained in civilian use until abandoned in 1926.
References
Department of the Navy: Navy History and Heritage Command: Online Library of Selected Images: Civilian Ships: Killarney (Motorboat, 1910). Served as USS Killarney (SP-219) in 1917-1919
NavSource Online: Section Patrol Craft Photo Archive: Killarney (SP 219)
Patrol vessels of the United States Navy
World War I patrol vessels of the United States
Ships built in Bay City, Michigan
1910 ships
Great Lakes ships
Individual yachts
Shawn Joseph Heins (born December 24, 1973) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman. They played in the National Hockey League for the San Jose Sharks, Pittsburgh Penguins, and Atlanta Thrashers.
Playing career
Heins was born in Eganville, Ontario. Their style of play is that of an offensive defenceman and powerplay specialist. Their slapshot, though not well known, has been measured at speeds well over 100 miles per hour. Heins held the record for the hardest recorded shot of all time with the puck going 106 miles per hour, until December 3, 2006. The record was surpassed by Chad Kilger of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
On several occasions, Heins has been a member of Team Canada at the Spengler Cup. In the final stages of the 2012–13 season with Fribourg, Heins suffered a concussion and was unable to re-sign with the club, still suffering post-concussion symptoms months later.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
Awards and honors
1999–00 – AHL First All-Star team
2004–05 – DEL Champion
2006–07 – NLA Most Penalized Player (127)
2008–09 – NLA Most Penalized Player (174)
2009 – Spengler Cup All-Star Team
References
External links
1973 births
Atlanta Thrashers players
Cape Breton Oilers players
Chicago Wolves players
EHC Basel players
Eisbären Berlin players
Hannover Scorpions players
HC Fribourg-Gottéron players
Ice hockey people from Ontario
Kansas City Blades players
Kentucky Thoroughblades players
Living people
Mobile Mysticks players
People from Renfrew County
Peterborough Petes (ice hockey) players
Pittsburgh Penguins players
San Jose Sharks players
Undrafted National Hockey League players
Windsor Spitfires players
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Germany
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Switzerland
Canadian ice hockey defencemen
2014 Hockey India League Players' Auction or HIL Closed Bid was the mini auction/closed bid of players for the second season of the professional field hockey tournament, Hockey India League. The auction took place on 22 November at Lalit Hotel in New Delhi.
A total of 154 players were auctioned out of which 95 were Indian players and 59 were foreign players from 14 countries. The base price for the players varied from 2,600 to 25,000. The salary cap available to each franchise for the auction was increased from 650,000 (4 crores) to 725,000 (4.46 crores) as per the requests of the franchises. The players were signed for the term of two years. During the closed bid, Kalinga Lancers, the new franchise of the Hockey India League, bought its 24 players while rest of the five franchises bought players due to the permanent withdrawals to complete their squads.
Transfers
Transfer window for second season of HIL was open from 19 August to 30 September.
Withdrawals
Auction
Following is the list of players bought in the auction:
Replacement signings
Franchises can sign players after the HIL auction, as replacement of contracted players who are not available to play due to injuries and national commitments. Under HIL rules, the replacements have to be chosen from the pool of players who went unsold in the auction.
Unsold players
Following unsold players were added to the reserve pool (according to their base price):
$25,000
Seo Jong-Ho
George Pinner
$22,000
Juan Martín López
$20,000
Filip Neusser
$18,000
Gabriel Dabanch
$15,000
Andrew Charter
Azlan Misron
Clinton Panther
Firhan Ashaari
Fitri Saari
Guillermo Schickendantz
Juan Ignacio Gilardi
Juan Manuel Vivaldi
Oliver Korn
Rhett Halkett
$12,000
Deepak Thakur
Didar Singh
Syed Muhammad Zaheer
$10,000
Arun Panchia
Jagdish Singh Gill
Mark Pearson
Miguel Da Graca
Rassie Pieterse
Satiago Miguel Montelli
Thornton McDade
$7,500
Guido Martin Barreiros Lopez
$7,000
Inderjeet Singh
$6,000
Baljit Singh
$5,200
Ajmer Singh
Prabhdeep Singh Powar
$5,000
Ignacio Jose Manes
Ignacio Santiago Salas
Juan Tubio
Julian Allen Hykes
Marcos Tubio
Martin Zalatel
Pedro Budeisky
$2,600
Abhinav Kumar Pandey
Aiyappa Ranjan Paradanda
Anand Lakra
Arumugam Subramani
Arun Rawat
Baljit Singh
Biddappa K.D.
Birsu Bhengra
Captain Singh
Dayananda Singh Chanamthabam
Deepak Kishor Ekka
Gurpreet Singh
Gurvinder Singh
Harmandeep Singh
Harmanpreet Singh
Harpreet Singh
Jagdeep Dayal
Jaspreet Singh Rehal
Jitender Saroha
$2,600
Joga Singh
Lovedeep Singh
Lovepreet Singh
Manish Bishnoi
Manikanta Venkatesshwarlu
Manish Sharma
Manish Yadav
Manjinder Singh Boparai
Mohammed Riyazuddin
Mohan Muthanna Bollachanda
Mohit Singh Thakur
Mucketira Gannapathy Poonacha
Muddappa Kariappa Maletira
Nadeem Uddin
Nanak Singh
Narinder Pal Singh Dhillon
Naveen Antil
Naveen Kumar Prasad
Nikhil Saroha
Owais Ahmed
Prabhjot Singh Jr,
Pradeep Raj Kumar
Raju Pal
Rana Pratap
Rinel Singh Khadangbam
Sagar Harale
Sandeep Kumar Singh
Sanjay Paswan
Sanjib Dung Dung
Sarin Edavakath
Simranjit Singh Chahal
Subodh Tirkey
Sumit Chauhan
Tarandeep Singh
Vikas Choudhary
References
auction
auction 2014
Pierre Toutain-Dorbec, (born 16 April 1951) in Orbec, Normandy, France is a Franco-American photographer, artist, author, and publisher whose work emphasizes a humanist perspective.
Biography
Pierre grew up in Orbec, Normandy, and Paris. Their family moved between Paris and Orbec to accommodate Pierre's education and their mother's career. Their artistic education began within their family; their parents provided instruction in traditional techniques in drawing, painting, and sculpting. Their grandfather, Gabriel, was a photographer during World War I and their uncle Jean was also a photographer and artist. Pierre's father, Jacques, was a known textile expert and designer, and later a painter. Their mother, Francoise Fontaine, was a professional musician and opera singer. From their uncle, Pierre received instruction in photography and film development. Toutain-Dorbec was influenced by their grandparents' neighbor, the French figurative painter Pierre Laffille (French, 1938–2012), who remained a life-time friend. At age 16, Toutain-Dorbec attended the Atelier de la Grande-Chaumiere, a renowned art school in Paris, where they received a classical education in fine art. While attending art school, Toutain-Dorbec supplemented their art education working as an assistant with the acclaimed German photographer Wilhem Maywald, who resided near the school.
By the end of 1968, with the encouragement of their family Toutain-Dorbec left home to pursue a career as a photographer. They began their career as photographer in Vietnam. From 1968 to 1995 Pierre worked as a war correspondent, for both Gamma and Sygma press agencies, and as a freelance photographer. Their work focused mainly on Southeast Asia and North Africa. They covered their time in Vietnam and Cambodia with the Khmer Rouge (a collection of those photos are archived at Rutgers University). While in Burma they covered the problems of guerrillas fighting the government, like the Karen. Toutain-Dorbec worked to draw attention to the problems of child abuse and child prostitution in Southeast Asia, and problematic laws which could result in children being incarcerated alongside their fathers. They paid particular attention to issues associated with illicit drugs, especially heroin. Toutain-Dorbec advocated the importance of fair judicial treatment for foreigner in the courts. They worked for two years in Morocco from 1978 to 1979 for the King, photographing then-Crown Prince Sidi Mohammed and further documenting Morocco. King Hassan II has a large collection of their photographs. In India, they worked extensively on fiction regarding leprosy, religion and ancient cities. Toutain-Dorbec lived and worked with the Dalai Lama in 1983–84, co-authoring two books with him. They also photographed old French traditions going back to the Middle Age (some of the stories are now part of museum collections, like the Musée des Traditions in Louviers, Normandy). They also worked for the movie industry.
From 1995 to 2003, Toutain-Dorbec lived in France and Spain where they pursued personal projects, primarily sculpture and photography. In 2002, they became the director and curator of the International Museum for Photography, located in the ancient Chateau de Belcastel; Toutain-Dorbec has received acclaim for their work in this capacity. In 2004, they moved to New Mexico commencing a project documenting the United States. Currently, they live in Cannon Beach, Oregon, where they and their wife Claudia operate the Cannon Beach Hotel.
Artistic Work
Following their artistic urges from an early age, Pierre Toutain-Dorbec photographed and drew their family and their native countryside, Normandy. Throughout their career, Toutain-Dorbec's photographic work has remained true to their original training. Their photographs are primarily black and white, taken on traditional film. They maintain their own darkroom where they process their film and silver gelatins himself. Toutain-Dorbec so far has published over forty books and exhibited their photographs, drawings, sculptures, and paintings throughout Asia, Europe, America, and North Africa.
Works
Bibliography
"Normandie", Editions Dorbec, France, 1976.
"Confréries de Charité", Editions Dorbec, France, 1976.
"Thailand", Sawadee Publishing, Bangkok, 1977.
"Chiang-Mai", Sawadee Publishing, Bangkok, 1978.
"Des guerres et des enfants", self-published, Rabat, 1978.
"Maroc", Editions Photo 2000, Rabat, 1979.
"Fantasia", Editions Photo 2000, Rabat, 1979.
"Atlas", Editions Photo 2000, Rabat, 1979.
"Phuket", Sawadee Publishing, Bangkok, 1980.
"Opera", Sawasee Publishing, Bangkok, 1980.
"Wat Pra Keo", Sawasee Publishing, Bangkok, 1980.
"Rien que la Guerre, et Toi", Editions Rachid Asnaoui, Casablanca, 1981.
"Une brève histoire du Maroc", Editions Rachid Asnaoui, Casablanca, 1982.
"Bénarès", Editions Richer/Vilo, Paris, 1985; .
"Bénarès", Editions BNP, Paris, 1985.
"Thaïlande", Editions Temps de Pose, Paris, 1986.
"Cambodge", self-published, India, 1986.
"South-East Asia", self-published, India, 1986.
"Nepal", Editions Temps de Pose, Paris, 1986; .
Merehurst Press, London, 1986.
UBS Publisher's, New Delhi, 1986; .
Tibet (photographs by Pierre Toutain-Dorbec, interview with Dalaï Lama, text by Pierre Joffroy). Éditions Temps de Pose, coll. "Destination", Paris, 1986. 128 p.; .
Merehurst Press, London, 1986. .
UBS Publisher's, New Delhi, 1986.
"Quebec", Editions Temps de Pose, Paris, 1987; .
Merehurst Press, London, 1987; .
"Paris", Editions Temps de Pose, Paris, 1987; .
Merehurst Press, London, 1987.
UBS Publisher's, New Delhi, 1986.
Rajasthan (photographs by Pierre Toutain-Dorbec). Harrap Columbus, London, 1988. 128 p.; .
Edition Temps de Pose, Paris, 1988.
"Ganga", Ganesha Publishing, Calcutta, 1989.
"Calcutta", Ganesha Publishing, Calcutta, 1989.
"Itinéraires", self-published, Nepal, 1989.
"Sadhu", Ganesha Publishing, Calcutta, 1991.
"Rien que pour toi", self-published, Benares, 1991.
Tibet, le toit du monde (photographs and text by Pierre Toutain-Dorbec, preface by Dalaï Lama). Editions Denoel, Paris, 1991. 119 p.; .
"Villajoyosa", self-published, Spain, 1992.
"In Rust I Trust", CSF Publishing, United States, 2011; .
"The Mystery of Haystack Rock and the Murder at Cannon Beach Hotel", CSF Publishing, United States, 2015;
"Strolling in Rome with Claudia", CSF Publishing, United States, 2016;
"Vārānasī or the Perpetual Negation of Self", CSF Publishing, USA, 2016.
"BoBo, the Monkey Who Thought They Are a Man", CSF Publishing, USA, 2018.
References
External links
Toutain-Dorbec's Publishing Company
Toutain-Dorbec at Luminous Lint
French photographers
Living people
1951 births
Alumni of the Académie de la Grande Chaumière
Lavater is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Johann Kaspar Lavater (1741–1801), Swiss poet, writer, philosopher, physiognomist, and theologian
Louis Lavater (1867–1953), Australian composer and author
Ludwig Lavater (1527–1586), Swiss Reformed theologian
The Ohio Valley Emmy Awards are a division of the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences. The Columbus, Ohio division was founded in 1964. In addition to granting the Ohio Valley Emmy Awards, this division awards scholarships, honors industry veterans at the Silver Circle Celebration, conducts National Student Television Awards of Excellence, has a free research and a nationwide job bank. The chapter also participates in judging Emmy entries at the regional and national levels.
Boundaries
The academy is divided into the following boundaries and encompasses the states of Ohio, Indiana, Kentucky and West Virginia. These boundaries are responsible for the submission of television broadcast materials presented for awards considerations.
Board of governors
Each year the membership of the National Academy of Television Arts & Sciences Ohio Valley Chapter elects new professionals on a two-year rotating Board of Governors to represent the Ohio Valley community.
The Board of Governors is a working board which work together collaboratively to ensure the best interests of the membership.
Emmy award winners
Emmy award winners are individuals who show excellence in the field of television. The Emmys are held to the same esteem as the Oscar Awards are to motion pictures or the Grammy Awards are to the music industry.
References
Regional Emmy Awards
Awards established in 1964
1964 establishments in Ohio
Walter Launt Palmer (August 1, 1854 – April 16, 1932) was an American Impressionist painter. Palmer's father Erastus Dow Palmer was a prominent sculptor, and the family residence was frequented by their father's friends, notably Frederic Edwin Church. Palmer began their formal artistic training under portrait painter Charles Loring Elliott, but it was Church, the period's premier landscape artist, who later tutored the young Palmer in landscape painting.
In 1873, Palmer made one of many trips abroad in order to work with Carolus-Duran. It was at this time that they met one of Carolus-Duran's other young students, John Singer Sargent. The artist continued to take frequent and lengthy trips to Europe, and acquired a growing interest in French Impressionism as well as an enduring attraction to Venetian subjects. When Palmer returned to the United States, they spent most of their time in Albany, where artists like William and James Hart, Homer Dodge Martin, and Edward Gay also painted. Here, Palmer began painting building interiors, their first significant series of work. They also spent some time working out of New York City at the Tenth Street Studio Building.
Palmer's most notable works are winter landscape scenes, a tradition they continued from the mid-1880s to the end of their life. For these accomplishments they have been called the "painter of the American winter." Exhibitions featuring Palmer's work have included Hawthorne Fine Art's A Perfect Solitude: The Art of Walter Launt Palmer (1854–1932) (December 12, 2006 – February 10, 2007) and the Albany Institute of History & Art's Walter Launt Palmer: Painting the Moment (March 28 - August 16, 2015).
Exhibitions
Palmer works were exhibited in group shows and solo exhibitions throughout their career. Many of their works are collectable and can be found in museums and private collections worldwide.
Universelle Exposition, Paris, 1900
Corcoran Gallery of Art, Washington, D.C., 1908, 1910, 1912
Albright Art Gallery, Buffalo, 1906
Prizes
Second Hallgarten Prize for January, National Academy of Design, 1887.
First Prize, Columbian World Fair, Chicago, 1893.
Gold Medal, Philadelphia Art Club, 1894.
Gold Medal, Boston Art Club, 1895.
W.T. Evans Prize, American Watercolor Society, 1895.
Silver Medal, Pan-American Exposition, Buffalo, 1901.
Silver Medal, St. Louis Exposition.
Silver Medal, Philadelphia Art Club, 1907.
Bronze Medal, St. Louis Exposition.
Butler Prize, Art Institute of Chicago, 1919.
Elected into the National Academy of Design, 1887.
Gallery
References
External links
Artwork by Walter Launt Palmer
1854 births
1932 deaths
20th-century American painters
19th-century American painters
19th-century American male artists
American male painters
Artists from Albany, New York
Orientalist painters
World's Columbian Exposition
20th-century American male artists
The Bergslagen Artillery Regiment (), designation A 9, is a Swedish Army artillery unit which has operated in various forms from 1943 to 2000 and again from 2022 after the Swedish government decided to re-form the regiment in Kristinehamn as Bergslagen Artillery Regiment (A 9) with full operational capability reached by 2025.
History
The regiment was created as part of a build-up of the Swedish Army during World War II, so that Sweden's neutrality could be protected. In accordance with the Defence Act of 2000, the regiment and the other artillery regiments of the Swedish Army were amalgamated into the Artillery Regiment, in Kristinehamn, which took the A 9 designation from the Bergslagen Artillery Regiment.
Heraldry and traditions
Colours, standards and guidons
When the regiment was raised it was presented with a regimental standard by Crown Prince Gustaf Adolf on 27 April 1945. The regiment also took over some traditions from the Uppland Artillery Regiment (A 5), including the march. The colour was taken over from the Position Artillery Regiment (Positionsartilleriregementet, A 9).
Coat of arms
The coat of the arms of the Bergslagen Artillery Regiment (A 9) 1977–2000. Blazon: "Per pale argent and azure; argent an eagle wings elevated and displayed azure, armed and langued gules, azure an iron sign argent. The shield surmoun-ted two gunbarrels of older pattern in saltire or. The gunbarrels may be sable".
Medals
In 1944, the Bergslagens artilleriregementes (A 9) idrottsmedalj ("Bergslagen Artillery Regiment (A 9) Sports Medal") in gold (BergslartregidrottGM) of the 8th size was established. The medal ribbon is divided in blue and white moiré.
In 1950, the Kamratföreningen Bergslagsartilleristers (A 9) förtjänstmedalj ("ervice Club of Bergslagen Artillery (A 9) Medal of Merit") in silver (KBergartSM) of the 8th size. The medal ribbon is of blue moiré with white edges and a broad white stripe on each side.
In 1991, the Bergslagens artilleriregementes (A 9) förtjänstmedalj ("Bergslagen Artillery Regiment (A 9) Medal of Merit") in silver (BergartregSM) of the 8th size was established. The medal ribbon is of red moiré with a broad grey stripe on each side.
Commanding officers
Regimental commander from 1943 to 30 June 2000.
1943–1946: Carl Årmann
1946–1952: Axel Philipson
1952–1955: Thorsten Berggren
1955–1959: Fredrik Hård
1959–1964: Sven Sandahl
1964–1965: Nils Holmstedt
1965–1974: Sten Claëson
1974–1982: Gösta Mittag-Leffler
1982–1986: Carl Carlsson
1986–1992: Lars Carlson
1992–1994: Kjell Forssmark
1994–2000: Birger Almlöw
Names, designations and locations
See also
List of Swedish artillery regiments
Footnotes
References
Notes
Print
Further reading
Artillery regiments of the Swedish Army
Military units and formations established in 1943
Military units and formations disestablished in 2000
Military units and formations established in 2022
1943 establishments in Sweden
2000 disestablishments in Sweden
Bergslagen
John Joseph Kelley (known as "Red Kelley"; a.k.a. "Irish Red Kelley" and "Jack Kelley") (3 June 1914-10 February 2000) was a reputed mobster who was an associate of the Patriarca crime family. A robber and a hit man, their nicknames in the underworld were "Swiss Watch," due to the methodical way in which they plotted their robberies, and "Saint John," due to their patience.
Early Criminal Career
Kelley's first arrest took place on May 24, 1954 at the Suffolk Downs Race Track. The police alleged that Kelley had in their possession 16 brand new $1 bills which bore the serial numbers of money stolen from a bank in Belmont nearly two months earlier.
Kelley pleaded not guilty to the charge of “receiving of stolen goods”. After ten hours of deliberation by the jury, a mistrial was declared in January 1955.
The retrial began in March 1955. The judge declared that Kelley could not be convicted of both robbing the bank and of receiving stolen goods, so the jury had to choose one crime or the other. Kelley was subsequently found guilty of the lesser charge of receiving stolen goods and sentenced to four to five years in State Prison. Their appeal was rejected in November 1955 by the Massachusetts Supreme Court.
Kelley spent the last part of their 22 month stretch in prison as a chaplain's assistant in the Plymouth area at one of the camps that were adjuncts to the Massachusetts State Prison system.
Plymouth Mail Robbery
Kelley was linked to the 1962 Plymouth Mail Robbery. Boston mobster Vincent Teresa served as a lieutenant to mob family boss Raymond Patriarca; they claimed in their book My Life in the Mafia that Kelley was the man who planned the robbery.
Kelley came under intense scrutiny and pressure from postal inspectors and other federal authorities towards the expiration of the five-year statute of limitations. Newsweek magazine quoted them as saying that the postal inspectors "had harassed my wife and frightened my Siamese cats."
Kelley sued Postal Inspector Raymond J Dunne, alleging that in October 1962 Dunne and their colleagues had lied to gain entrance to their home by informing their wife that they had an outstanding warrant for Kelley's arrest. In March 1965, the First District Appeals Court reversed a lower court decision which had dismissed the damage suit, and sent it back to the lower court. However, a rehearing was denied later the following month.
Kelley also brought a slander suit against Postal Inspector Raymond J Dunne, alleging that the Inspector had falsely and maliciously stated to Kelley's wife that they (Kelley) was one of the perpetrators of the Plymouth Mail Robbery. Kelley did not testify on their own behalf as they had not been present when the Postal Authorities raided their home, but Kelley's wife was the principal witness. Kelley had also sought the return of $235 that had been seized by the Postal Inpectors, as well as two money bags from the First National Bank of Boston, and a piece of clothesline. The suit was rejected in July 1966.
Kelley, Thomas R Richards, and Patricia Diaferio were indicted by a Federal Grand Jury on July 30, 1967. The indictments came just 14 days before the Federal statute of limitations was set to run out. The three were charged with armed robbery of the US Mail while putting the lives of postal workers in jeopardy by means of dangerous weapons, namely guns Kelley was represented by attorney F. Lee Bailey, who won an acquittal.
1968 Boston Brinks holdup
Kelley allegedly was involved in the planning of the robbery of a Brinks armored car in Boston on December 28, 1968 that netted approximately $500,000 in cash and a similar amount in checks. Kelley had intended to be part of the gang that robbed the armored car, but had backed out after two previous attempts failed. They demanded and did receive a cut of the proceeds and eventually was questioned by a grand jury. Their confederates believed that they gave them up to the federal prosecutors. Once again, they were represented by Bailey.
Castro Assassination
Kelley told US Marshall John Partington that the CIA had approached them to use their crew to kill Fidel Castro. Vinny Teresa claimed in their book that the CIA approached Raymond Patriarca for the hit and Raymond picked Pro Lerner, who then recruited Kelley to plan the hit.
Patriarca Family murder trial
Kelley testified against Patriarca family boss Raymond Patriarca in a murder case, after which they went into the Federal Witness Protection Program. Kelley gave testimony linking Patriarca and other family members to the murder of Rudolph "Rudy" Marfeo and Anthony Melei. Kelley had been contracted by Patriarca associate Maurice Lerner to kill Marfeo and Melei, whom Kelley allegedly murdered with a shotgun.
Patriarca and their associates were convicted of conspiracy to commit murder while Lerner also was convicted of murder; the mob boss was sentenced to 10 years in prison. Lerner and the other defendants were subsequently exonerated when it was established that Kelley had perjured themselves at the trial, as had FBI Special Agent H. Paul Rico, who had corroborated Kelley's testimony.
Kelley died 10 February 2000 of natural causes in the federal witness protection program.
References
American robbers
American gangsters
American gangsters of Irish descent
Patriarca crime family
American murderers
Mafia hitmen
People who entered the United States Federal Witness Protection Program
Criminals from Massachusetts
2000 deaths
Debussy's Six sonatas for various instruments, composed by Claude Debussy, French musician () was a projected cycle of sonatas that was interrupted by the composer's death in 1918, after they had composed only half of the projected sonatas. They left behind their sonatas for cello and piano (1915), flute, viola and harp (1915), and violin and piano (1916–1917).
History
From 1914, the composer, encouraged by the music publisher Jacques Durand, intended to write a set of six sonatas for various instruments, in homage to the French composers of the 18th century. The First World War, along with the composers Couperin and Rameau, inspired Debussy as they were writing the sonatas.
Durand, in their memoirs entitled Quelques souvenirs d'un éditeur de musique, wrote the following about the sonatas' origin:
After their famous String Quartet, Debussy had not written any more chamber music. Then, at the Concerts Durand, they heard again the Septet with trumpet by Saint-Saëns and their sympathy for this means of musical expression was reawoken. They admitted the fact to me and I warmly encouraged them to follow their inclination. And that is how the idea of the six sonatas for various instruments came about.
In a letter to the conductor Bernard Molinari, Debussy explained that the set should include "different combinations, with the last sonata combining the previously used instruments". Their death on 25 March 1918 prevented them from carrying out their plan, and only three of the six sonatas were completed and published by Durand, with a dedication to their second wife, Emma Bardac.
Sonatas
Sonata for cello and piano
The sonata for cello and piano, L. 135, was written in 1915, and is notable for its brevity, most performances not exceeding 11 minutes. It is a staple of the modern cello repertoire and is commonly regarded as one of the finest masterpieces written for the instrument.
The work has three movements:
The final two movements are joined by an attacca. Instead of sonata form, Debussy structures the piece in the style of the eighteenth-century monothematic sonata, and was particularly influenced by the music of François Couperin.
The piece makes use of modes and whole-tone and pentatonic scales, as is typical of Debussy's style. It also uses many types of extended cello technique, including left-hand pizzicato, spiccato and flautando bowing, false harmonics and portamenti. The piece is considered technically demanding.
Whether descriptive comments related to characters of the Commedia dell'arte were actually given by Debussy to cellist Louis Rosoor remains unclear.
Sonata for flute, viola and harp (or Piano)
The sonata for flute, viola, and harp (or Piano), L. 137, was also written in 1915.
The first performance of the Sonata took place in Boston, at Jordan Hall in the New England Conservatory, on 7 November 1916. The performers were members of a wind ensemble called the Longy Club, which had been founded by the principal oboist of the Boston Symphony Orchestra, George Longy. The first performance in France was a private one that occurred on 10 December 1916, at the home of Debussy's publisher, Jacques Durand. The first public performance in France was thought to be at a charity concert on 9 March 1917. However, Thompson (1968) reported a performance of the sonata at London's Aeolian Hall by Albert Fransella, Harry Waldo Warner and Miriam Timothy on 2 February 1917 as part of a concert otherwise given by the London String Quartet. A typical performance lasts between 17 and 18 minutes.
According to Léon Vallas (1929), Debussy initially planned this as a piece for flute, oboe and harp. They subsequently decided that the viola's timbre would be a better combination for the flute than the oboe's, so they changed the instrumentation to flute, viola and harp. The instrumentation would later become a standard ensemble instrumentation.
The work has three movements:
Sonata for violin and piano
The sonata for violin and piano in G minor, L. 140, was written in 1917. It was the composer's last major composition and is notable for its brevity; a typical performance lasts about 13 minutes. The premiere took place on 5 May 1917, the violin part played by Gaston Poulet, with Debussy themselves at the piano. It was their last public performance.
The work has three movements:
The unfinished sonatas
Debussy wrote in the manuscript of their violin sonata that the fourth sonata should be written for oboe, horn, and harpsichord, and the fifth for trumpet, clarinet, bassoon and piano.
For the final and sixth sonata, Debussy envisioned a concerto where the sonorities of the "various instruments" combine, with the gracious assistance of the double bass, making the instrumentation:
Flute
Oboe
Clarinet
Bassoon
Horn
Trumpet
Harp
Piano
Harpsichord
Violin
Viola
Cello
Double bass
The idea of combining the instruments oboe, horn, and harpsichord, inspired Thomas Adès to write their Sonata da Caccia, and the combination of the instruments trumpet, clarinet, bassoon and piano, inspired Marc-André Dalbavie to write their Axiom.
The Australian composer Lyle Chan has written three sonatas for the same combinations of instruments as in the three unfinished Debussy sonatas.
Bibliography
References
Notes
Sources
Thompson, K.L. (Oct 1968). First performance? The Musical Times, 109 (1508), 914–15.
External links
Performance of Cello Sonata by David Requiro (cello) and Elizabeth DeMio (piano) from the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum in MP3 format
Recording performed by Nicola Benedetti, violin and Julien Quentin, piano from the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum in MP3 format
Sheet music
Chamber music by Claude Debussy
Debussy
Debussy
1917 compositions
Barack Obama Plaza is a motorway service area on the R445 road at Junction 23, just off the M7 motorway in County Tipperary, Ireland. It is beside the village of Moneygall, which is just across the county border in County Offaly. The plaza was opened in 2014 and is accessed using the Junction 23 slip roads. It is named after former US president Barack Obama, whose third great-grandfather, Falmouth Kearney, lived in Moneygall and who emigrated to the US in 1850.
The Plaza cost €7 million to construct and opened on 30 May 2014. An Obama museum–visitor centre opened on the following 4 July. The Plaza is owned and operated by Pat McDonagh and their wife Una McDonagh.
Facilities
The service station operating under the Circle K brand has 26 petrol pumps across two forecourts offering unleaded petrol, diesel, MGO (marine gas oil), diesel exhaust fluid, and LPG (liquefied petroleum gas). Charging stations including afast-charge ESB electric car charge point.
In addition to fuel supplies there is a variety of food outlets including Supermac's, Papa John's Pizza, Mac's Place Bakery and Carvery, Bewleys coffee and a Spar shop. The Plaza also includes a visitor centre that provides information on Obama's family connections to Moneygall where their great-great-great-grandfather lived, as well as five meeting rooms and a large function room.
A bus service, No. 854 between Roscrea and Nenagh, calls at Barack Obama Plaza seven days a week. The service connects with the local communities of Toomevara, Cloughjordan and Shinrone.
Art
A bronze bust of Barack Obama by Mark Rhodes, and commissioned by Plaza owner, Pat McDonagh, was unveiled inside the Plaza by the US Ambassador to Ireland, Kevin O'Malley, on 22 September 2016. On 20 August 2018, life-sized bronze sculptures of Barack and Michelle Obama, also by Mark Rhodes, were unveiled outside the Plaza by Cody Keenan, a former Obama speechwriter.
References
Road infrastructure in the Republic of Ireland
Buildings and structures in County Tipperary
Michelle Obama
Monuments to Barack Obama
Shapeways Holdings, Inc. is a Dutch-founded, New York-based 3D printing marketplace and service, publicly traded company. Users design and upload 3D printable files, and Shapeways prints the objects for them or others. Users can have objects printed in over 55 materials and finishes, these include: plastics, precious metals, steel and food-safe ceramics, which were discontinued and have been replaced by porcelain materials. As of 2019, Shapeways printed and sold more than ten million user-created objects.
History
Early history
Shapeways began as a spin-off of Royal Philips Electronics, the Netherlands in 2007. It was founded by Peter Weijmarshausen, Robert Schouwenburg and Marleen Vogelaar and the idea came forth at the Philips design department. The concept and venture plan was initially created in 2005 by Dolf Wittkämper within the `Philips Lifestyle Incubator` program which offers support for start-up companies with innovative ideas.
In 2008 a service was launched that allowed customers to design their own 3-dimensional products through rapid prototyping by sending a CAD-file to the Shapeways website to 3D print. Designers can also sell their own designs to be 3D printed on demand for customers, Shapeways handles the financial transaction, manufacture, distribution and customer service; profits go to the designer.
Originally the rapid prototyping could only print using simple materials. Later nylon was added as a possibility. In 2009 it was made public that they succeeded in also manufacturing stainless steel. As of 2012 the scale and possible materials have been further expanded to include sterling silver, acrylic, full color 3D printing and food safe ceramics.
On October 19, 2012 Shapeways opened a new '3-D printing factory' in Queens, New York that could house 50 industrial printers and produce millions of consumer-designed products a year.
The option now exist for consumers to adapt designs without prior knowledge of 3D design programming. There are models which can be adapted real-time by uploading new text or pictures: so-called 'Creators'. There is also the possibility of participating in Co-Creator platforms in which consumers and designers work together to achieve optimal results. In July 2014, Shapeways announced a partnership program with Hasbro, Inc. to produce 3D printed models of characters from My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic based on designs created by the adult fan artists from the show and approved by Hasbro. The approach has been seen as a way to lead into other licensed media productions from Hasbro and other Hollywood companies.
On February 21, 2018, Shapeways named Gregory Kress as CEO, replacing Tom Finn.
Recent history
In 2018, Shapeways announced an agreement with Stratasys to provide entrepreneurs better access to 3D full-color printing using a variety of materials. Since 2019, Shapeway has been able to produce PA-11, a material used in various industries such as aerospace, medical, automotive and more. In 2019, Shapeways celebrated its 10 millionth printed part. It produces up to 6,000 products daily and delivers to more than 130 countries.
In September 2019 Shapeways signed a partnership agreement with ZVerse, CADaaS platform, aiming to solve the problem of digital content creation. CADaaS platform enables to optimize 3D files that don't meet required standards and even create new 3D models directly within the Shapeways website. In 2020, Forward AM, BASF's brand for high-performance materials and services for 3D printing, partnered with Shapeways to offer customers the ability to order 3D-printed items online made with Forward AM material. In 2021, Shapeways announced having 3D printed over 20 million parts for more than 1 million customers in 160 countries.
On April 28, 2021, Shapeways and Galileo Acquisition Corp. (NYSE: GLEO), a special-purpose acquisition company, entered into a definitive merger agreement for a merger transaction in which Shapeways will be acquired by Galileo. Upon closing of the transaction, the combined company will be named Shapeways Holdings, Inc. and is expected to remain listed on the NYSE under the new ticker symbol, SHPW. The combined company will be led by Greg Kress, Shapeways' Chief Executive Officer.
See also
References
External links
3D publishing
Companies based in New York City
Companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange
3D printing websites
Dutch companies established in 2007
Special-purpose acquisition companies
Robert Aaron Williams (May 5, 1961 – March 10, 2014), was an American professional basketball player who was selected by the Denver Nuggets in the first round (19th pick overall) of the 1982 NBA draft.
A 6-foot-2 point guard from the University of Houston, Williams played in two National Basketball Association (NBA) seasons for the Nuggets. When Williams reported to Denver's training camp as a rookie, they were badly out of shape, prompting Nuggets coach Doug Moe to describe Williams as "a fat little hog".
Williams' collegiate career included a trip to the 1982 NCAA Final Four, where their Houston Cougars, better known as Phi Slama Jama, fell to the North Carolina Tar Heels in the National Semifinals.
A former star at Milby High School in Houston, Williams was an electrifying player for the University of Houston, averaging 16 points per game as a first-year student, 25 per game as a sophomore, and 21 points per game for the 1982 Final Four team. Williams was an American and perennial All Southwest Conference performer. Their collegiate teammates included Hakeem Olajuwon, Clyde Drexler, Michael Young, Benny Anders and Larry Micheaux among others.
In their NBA career, Williams played in 153 games and scored a total of 1,319 points. Following their brief NBA career, they played professionally in the Continental Basketball Association, Italy, Australia, Spain, and the Philippines.
In 1986, Williams strutted their wares as an import for Tanduay Rhum in the Philippine Basketball Association's (PBA) Reinforced Conference that year, where teams were allowed to suit up two imports no taller than 6 ft 3 in. Along with partner Andre McKoy and local superstars Ramon Fernandez, Freddie Hubalde and Willie Generalao, among others, the flamboyant and sweet-shooting Williams led Tanduay to its first championship in franchise history.
In a May 2005 Houston Chronicle story, Williams admitted using drugs while they played. They suffered a stroke in January 1998 that left them blind in their left eye and partially paralyzed along the left side of their body.
On March 10, 2014, Rob Williams died of congestive heart failure at age 52.
Since 2005, Williams and their wife had operated a care facility for mentally-challenged adults in Katy, Texas.
References
External links
Basketballreference.com page
Rob Williams' death
1961 births
2014 deaths
20th-century African-American sportspeople
21st-century African-American people
African-American basketball players
All-American college men's basketball players
American expatriate basketball people in the Philippines
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Houston
Denver Nuggets draft picks
Denver Nuggets players
Houston Cougars men's basketball players
Lancaster Lightning players
Louisville Catbirds players
Parade High School All-Americans (boys' basketball)
Philippine Basketball Association imports
Point guards
Tanduay Rhum Masters players
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
The Berry Dress is a 1994 mixed media sculpture by Alice Maher.
Description
The sculpture has dimensions 25 x 32 x 24 centimeters. It is in the collection of The Irish Museum of Modern Art, Dublin.
Analysis
It represents a young girl's dress painted dark pink, that stands alone on a shelf. It is self-supported due to a wax treatment. The bottom part of the dress just under the yoke is decorated with rose hips, or berries. The dress was created in 1994 and the berries were originally round and a blood red color but have dried into a shriveled brown crust. The dress presents challenges for presentation and preservation, while being itself a commentary on the definition of the term "dress".
Alice Maher's work often incorporates natural materials and this dress can be seen as a pendant of a similar girl's dress presented on a shelf covered in mummified honeybees.
When asked about their art, Maher said "...the meaning is changing all the time. This depends on the context, who's looking at it, and how much time has passed. For example with a dress, it meant something completely different perhaps in the 80s than now."
References
Sculptures in Ireland
1994 sculptures
Individual dresses
Pink dresses
Ludwig VII may refer to:
Louis VII, Duke of Bavaria (c. 1368–1447)
Louis VII, Landgrave of Hesse-Darmstadt (1658–1678)
The City of Monash was created on 15 December 1994 when the Kennett Liberal government amalgamated local councils all over Victoria, merging a substantial portion of the former City of Oakleigh with the whole of the former City of Waverley.
The first settlers
Aboriginal People
For thousands of years before European settlement the Bunurong people dwelled in the green, lush land between Mordialloc on the eastern shore of Port Phillip, inland to Nunawading. When camped in Mulgrave, the Bunurong lived off emus and kangaroos which were abundant in the area. Their hunting grounds extended up to the Yarra River to the north-west, the Dandenong Ranges to the east and the hills down to Western Port and Port Phillip to the south and south-west. The most famous Bunurong was the elder Derrimut, to whom the first colonists constructed a monument in the Melbourne Cemetery.
By the 1840s and 1850s, reduction of their hunting grounds, draining of the swamps and introduction of European diseases such as smallpox and measles effectively ended their ability to maintain a traditional lifestyle.
Thomas Napier and Alexander Scott
Thomas Napier was a Scottish builder who arrived in Tasmania (then called Van Diemen's Land) in the early 1830s, and then proceeded to the Port Phillip District (Melbourne) where they bought up property at present day Collins Street. They then built several residences, but soon turned to squatting. In 1839, Napier settled on the banks of the Dandenong Creek and built their homestead in Jells Park. They were the first European settler in the Mulgrave Parish.
In 1841, Thomas Napier sold their property to Alexander Scott, who then named the run Bushy Park Run because of the native fauna. When Scott died, their wife Madeline continued to run Bushy Park and, with the help (and partnership) of brothers Francis and John Drew, managed it until 1846. Meanwhile, Thomas Napier had returned to the Port Phillip District and became associated with Essendon and Fitzroy are named after him. Bushy Park Run survives more or less than the Bushy Park Wetlands.
Reverend James Clow
In August 1838, Rev James Clow bought Corhanwarrabul Run, land 36 miles (58 km) from Dandenong Creek in the vicinity of Wellington Road. They had associated with the local Aboriginals and had found them to be friendly and talented musically and physically. Their homestead was named Tirhatuan and was located on the north side of Wellington Road.
The Scotchmans Creek Run
The area of present-day Mount Waverley once was full of creeks and bushland. One main creek that flowed into the Yarra River was Scotchmans Creek. In January 1840, John McMillan leased 13 km2 of land focussed around Scotchmans Creek. The boundaries of the run extended from Princes Highway (Dandenong Road) south-east to Wellington Road, north along Springvale Road and east along Waverley Road. McMillan ran a herd of about 400 cattle, grew vegetables and planted European trees. At the end of 1846, McMillan transferred the rights to the run to John McKean. Some time later, it passed into the hands of Van Amstel, after whom Van Amstel Park in Mount Waverley is named.
The Township of Waverley
In 1852, Dr James Silverman retired to New Holland to seek their fortune as a pioneer. Buying for £760 on the corner of High Street Road and Stephensons Road, they surveyed and subdivided the land, naming it the Township of Waverley. This name was later used for the naming of suburbs and then for a municipality.
Other pioneer settlers
The area of Mulgrave/Waverley was settled by successful pioneers. The area specialised in fruits. In 1849, Joseph Jells purchased land on present day Jells Road. With a frontage on Dandenong Creek, Jells Park was named after him.
Next door John Wheeler lived, having settled on 28 July 1854. Wheeler's claim was in area and was located south of Jells' run. The area is now known as Wheelers Hill and includes land further south to the hills. Another settler in this area was Thomas Armstrong who settled further south of Wheelers. Armstrong's property was separated by Bennett's property and bordered Wellington Rd.
The most famous settler was pioneer Sir Redmond Barry. Redmond was a judge who passed sentences on several bushrangers including Ned Kelly. Redmond owned two large properties in Monash. Syndal was situated near present-day Syndal Station and occupied . St Johnswood was situated further north-west and occupied .
Other settlers included John Drummie, Patrick Brennan, Hugh and Mary Rourke, John Gallaghers and Bennetts.
From parish to city
Southern NSW (now State of Victoria) had settlements at Port Phillip in the centre, Portland to the west and Gippsland to the east. Settlers first settled at Port Phillip District (Melbourne) and had sailed along the east coast and settled along the shore lines. A shipping service between Gippsland and Melbourne was created, but it soon became obvious that a road service was required to link the settlements over land. In 1851, the State of Victoria was established and the construction of a road linking St Kilda to Dandenong was approved - Princes Highway/Dandenong Rd. On completion, the route passed through the south-west corner of the Parish of Oakleigh/Mulgrave where the village of Oakleigh was located. Shortly following, a telegraph line was built and in 1865, Cobb and Co coaches began operating as a transportation service. These coaches made a one-stop journey back and forth, the stop at Oakleigh Village.
On 19 January 1857, the Parish of Mulgrave and Oakleigh were gazetted as the Road District of Mulgrave and Oakleigh respectively. These two road districts later merged as the Shire of Oakleigh on 1 December 1871. On 13 March 1891, the Shire of Oakleigh split when the south and centre ridings formed the Borough of Oakleigh, renaming the rest as the Shire of Mulgrave.
In 1949 and again in 1959, land was ‘transferred' from Mulgrave to Oakleigh. The size of the Shire of Mulgrave now was reduced to . The Shire of Mulgrave and Borough of Oakleigh progressed through World War One, the Great Depression and World War Two. New Shire offices were later opened at Notting Hill. In April 1961, the Shire of Mulgrave was gazetted as the City of Waverley, the name taken from Dr James Silverman's property- Township of Waverley. At the same time, the Borough of Oakleigh formed the City of Oakleigh. Finally, on 15 December 1994, the City of Waverley and most of the City of Oakleigh merged back as The City Of Monash.
References
History of Melbourne
North Creek (conservation area) is a wildland in the George Washington and Jefferson National Forests of western Virginia that has been recognized by the Wilderness Society as a special place worthy of protection from logging and road construction. Tall evergreen and hardwood trees in the area around Apple Orchard Falls tower above ferns and wildflowers. The area includes a valley which extends from Sunset Fields in the east to its western border near the North Creek Camping Area.
The area is part of the Glenwood Cluster.
Location and access
The area, located in the Appalachian Mountains of Southwestern Virginia about 7 miles northeast of Buchanan, Virginia, is between the Blue Ridge Parkway on the east, Middle Creek Road (Rt. 3101) on the west and Parkers Gap Road (Va 612) on the north.
The Forest Service 2015 Motor Vehicle Use Map shows roads and trails in the forest and gives the type of vehicle allowed on each route with possible seasonal restrictions. The map covering the North Creek area is included in the gallery below.
Trails into the area include
Appalachian Trail (Thunder Hill Section), 1.3 mile section in wildland includes Thunder Hill Shelter.
Apple Orchard Falls, FS Trail 17, 3.4 miles, moderate difficulty, blue blazed
Cornelius Creek, FS Trail 18, 2.9 miles, moderate difficulty, blue blazed
Cornelius Creek (2), FS Trail 18a, 2.8 miles, easy, yellow blazed
The boundary of the wildland as determined by the Wilderness Society is shown in the adjacent map. Additional roads and trails are given on National Geographic Map 789. A great variety of information, including topographic maps, aerial views, satellite data and weather information, is obtained by selecting the link with the wildland's coordinates in the upper right of this page. Beyond maintained trails, old logging roads can be used to explore the area. The Appalachian Mountains were extensively timbered in the early twentieth century leaving logging roads that are becoming overgrown but still passable., Old logging roads and railroad grades can be located by consulting the historical topographic maps available from the United States Geological Survey (USGS). The North Creek wildland is covered by USGS topographic maps Arnold Valley and Peaks of Otter. A key to the topographic maps for the northern half of the Jefferson National Forest is in the gallery below.
Natural history
The habitat of the southern Appalachians is rich in its biological diversity with nearly 10,000 species, some not found anywhere else. The great diversity is related to the many ridges and valleys which form isolated communities in which species evolve separately from one another. The region lies south of the glaciers that covered North America 11,000 years ago. To escape the glaciers, northern species retreated south to find refuge in the southern Appalachians. When the glaciers retreated, many of these species remained along with the southern species that were native to the area. The diversity includes trees, mosses, millipedes and salamanders.
The wildland contains parts of two special biological areas, Apple Orchard Mountain and Camping Ridge. Special biological areas have large biological diversity with rare fauna and significant forest communities.
There are over 1300 acres of possible old growth trees, with a large section near Floyd Mountain and the Cornelius Creek Shelter and smaller tracts scattered throughout the valley. Much of the area on the eastern side has trees at least 140 years old.
The area includes part of the 5200-acres North Creek Special Management Area, a designation intended to protect hiking and recreation resources, fauna such as songbirds that depend on interior forest habitat, and the creek which is eligible for protection under the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act.
Large infestations of invasive species, such as tree of heaven, are found throughout the area, especially in places that have been clearcut.
Wild natural trout streams in Virginia are classified by the Department of Game and Inland Fisheries by their water quality, with class i the highest and class iv the lowest. North Creek and Cornelius Creek are ranked as a class ii trout streams.
To protect the creek for future generations, North Creek has been designated as an Exceptional State Water (Tier III), thus prohibiting new or increased point source discharges.
Topography
At an elevation of 4206 feet, Apple Orchard Mountain dominates the region. It is the highest elevation on the Appalachian Trail within 200 miles. The name comes from the weathered northern red oaks that give the appearance of a deserted orchard. The headwaters of North Creek are within the wildland. The creek flows along the base of the southern slope of Pine Mountain into Jennings Creek. Cornelius Creek, between Floyd Mountain and Backbone Ridge, flows into North Creek.
Forest Service management
The Forest Service has conducted a survey of their lands to determine their potential for wilderness designation. Wilderness designation provides a high degree of protection from development. The areas that were found suitable are referred to as inventoried roadless areas. Later a Roadless Rule was adopted that limited road construction in these areas. The rule provided some degree of protection by reducing the negative environmental impact of road construction and thus promoting the conservation of roadless areas. The North Creek wildland was not included in the inventoried roadless areas, and therefore not protected from possible road construction and timber sales.
There have been numerous proposed timber sales in the area. Notice for the Stave Hollow-Colon Hollow-Thomas Mountain Timbers sale was given in 1993. The Parkers Gap timber sale of 145 acres, with construction of spur roads, was approved in 2003. Environmental groups objected to the sale because of its location in the Peaks of Otter salamander conservation area, the habitat of one of the rarest salamanders in North America. The project was completed in 2010 with 106 acres actually logged.
Nearby Wildlands
Nearby wilderness areas and wildlands recognized as one of Virginia's "Mountain Treasures" by the Wilderness Society are:
James River Face Wilderness
Thunder Ridge Wilderness
James River Face Wilderness Addition
White Oak Ridge-Terrapin Mountain
Wilson Mountain
Cove Mountain
References
George Washington and Jefferson National Forests
Protected areas of Botetourt County, Virginia
James William Collier (born May 18, 1939) is a former American football tight end who played professionally in the National Football League (NFL) for the New York Giants and the Washington Redskins. They played college football at the University of Arkansas and was drafted in the seventh round of the 1961 NFL Draft. Collier was also selected in the 31st round of the 1962 AFL Draft by the Buffalo Bills. Collier scored the only touchdown for the New York Giants in the 1962 championship game when they recovered a blocked Packers' punt on the goal line.
Early life and college
Collier was born on May 18, 1939, in Van Buren, Arkansas. They grew up in their hometown, graduating from Van Buren High School in 1957. They played numerous sports in high school, being named all state as a football quarterback and all district in basketball, as well as setting their school's track and field record for pole vault. They attended the University of Arkansas, where they played college football with the Razorbacks from 1959 to 1961. They were a wide receiver and had 514 receiving yards and five receiving touchdowns over 28 receptions throughout their three years. In the 1960 season they had three receiving touchdowns, tying them for most in the Southwest Conference. In college, they also played basketball their first year and track for two years.
NFL career
After graduating, the New York Giants drafted them as the 95th pick of the seventh round of the 1961 NFL Draft. The Giants had a 12–2 record during their 1962 season and finished first in the NFL Eastern division. Collier wore number 84 and played thirteen games with one reception for 27 yards. However, they did not get much playing time because they were behind teammates such as Frank Gifford, Del Shofner, and Joe Walton, and they "didn't run fast enough to play in the pros." They scored the only touchdown for the New York Giants in the 1962 NFL Championship Game against the Green Bay Packers when they recovered Packer Max McGee's punt on the goal line after Erich Barnes broke through the defense and blocked the ball. After scoring the extra point, the Giants trailed 10–7 but did not score again and ended up losing the game 16–7.
They were drafted as the 244th pick of the 31st round of the 1962 AFL Draft by the Buffalo Bills, but they played for the Washington Redskins, wearing number 89. During the 1963 Washington Redskins season, in which the Redskins finished sixth in the NFL Eastern division with a record of 3–11, they played fourteen games with no receptions. After that season they stopped playing in the NFL.
Later life
From 1965 to 1979, Collier was a wide receiver coach for the LSU Tigers under head coach Charles McClendon. They were also a recruiter there, although they said that "we had players there who would have come there without a scholarship. It was a tradition." While they were coach, they were relaxed, even letting players borrow their boat to go fishing; Collier once said, "I guess the NCAA would put you in jail for something like this now. Bert [Jones] and Tommy [Casanova] used to come out on Sundays and ask, 'Coach, can we borrow your boat? We want to go fishing.
References
1939 births
Living people
American football tight ends
Arkansas Razorbacks football players
LSU Tigers football coaches
New York Giants players
Washington Redskins players
People from Van Buren, Arkansas
Players of American football from Arkansas
Gozdów may refer to the following places:
Gozdów, Koło County in Greater Poland Voivodeship (west-central Poland)
Gozdów, Łódź Voivodeship (central Poland)
Gozdów, Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Gozdów, Turek County in Greater Poland Voivodeship (west-central Poland)
Center 66, developed by Hang Lung Properties, is located in Chong'an District, the central business district of Wuxi, close to the junction of Zhongshan Lu and Renmin Zhong Lu, the city's two busiest commercial streets. It is a mixed-use development consists of office and retail. The retail component was opened in late 2013.
The project includes the preserved cluster of historical buildings from the Ming Dynasty known as the Chenghuang Temple Precinct at the heart of a large public plaza within the development.
References
Skyscrapers in Wuxi
Aedas buildings
2014 establishments in China
Office buildings completed in 2014
The 2016–17 season was the 112th season of competitive football in Turkey.
Pre-season
League tables
Süper Lig
1.Lig
2.Lig
White Group
Red Group
Turkish Cup
Teams seeded for the group stages: Galatasaray (defending champions), Beşiktaş (1st in the Süper Lig), Fenerbahçe (2nd), and Konyaspor (3rd).
Teams seeded for the play-off round: İstanbul Başakşehir (4th in the Süper Lig), Osmanlıspor (5th), Galatasaray (6th), Kasımpaşa (7th), Akhisar Belediyespor (8th), Antalyaspor (9th), Gençlerbirliği (10th), Bursaspor (11th), Trabzonspor (12th), Çaykur Rizespor (13th), Gaziantepspor (14th), Adanaspor (1.Lig champions), Kardemir Karabükspor (1.Lig runners-up), and Alanyaspor (promoted from the 1.Lig)
Teams seeded for the second round: Sivasspor (16th in the Süper Lig), Eskişehirspor (17th), Mersin İdman Yurdu (18th), Adana Demirspor (4th in the 1.Lig), Elazığspor (5th), Balıkesirspor (6th), Giresunspor (7th), Gaziantep B.B. (8th), Samsunspor (9th), Altınordu (10th), Yeni Malatyaspor (11th), Boluspor (12th), Göztepe (13th), Şanlıurfaspor (14th), Denizlispor (15th), 1461 Trabzon (16th in the 1.Lig), Kayseri Erciyesspor (17th), Karşıyaka (18th),
National team
Friendlies
2018 FIFA World Cup qualification
Turkish clubs in Europe
UEFA Champions League
Third qualifying round
Group Stage
Group B
UEFA Europa League
Second qualifying round
Third qualifying round
Play-off Round
Group stage
Group A
Group H
Group L
Knockout phase
Round of 32
Round of 16
Quarter-finals
References
Seasons in Turkish football
Turkish 2016
Robert Longo (born 1953) is an American artist, filmmaker, photographer and musician.
Longo became first well known in the 1980s for their Men in the Cities drawing and print series, which depict sharply dressed men and women writhing in contorted emotion. They live in New York and East Hampton.
Early life and education
Longo was born in 1953 in Brooklyn, New York, and raised in Long Island. They had a childhood fascination with mass media: movies, television, magazines, and comic books, which continue to influence their art.
Longo began college at the University of North Texas, in the town of Denton, but left before getting a degree. They later studied sculpture under Leonda Finke, who encouraged them to pursue a career in the visual arts. In 1972, Longo received a grant to study at the Accademia di Belle Arti in Florence, Italy. Upon their return to New York, Longo enrolled at Buffalo State College, where they received a BFA in 1975. While at Buffalo State, they studied under, and was likely influenced by art professor Joseph Piccillo. At this time they were associated with artist Cindy Sherman, who was also studying art at Buffalo State.
While in college, Longo and their friends established an avant garde art gallery in their co-op building, the Essex Art Center, which was originally a converted ice factory; the gallery became Hallwalls Contemporary Art Center. Through their gallery efforts, Longo met many local and New York City artists and eventually moved to New York City to participate in the art scene of the late-1970s, for example with the artists and critics involved with the journal Effects: Magazine for New Art Theory.
Work
Drawing
Although they studied sculpture, drawing remained Longo's favorite form of self-expression. However, the sculptural influence pervades their drawing technique, as Longo's "portraits" have a distinctive chiseled line that seems to give the drawings a three-dimensional quality. Longo uses graphite like clay, molding it to create images like the writhing, dancing figures in their seminal Men in the Cities series. For that series, Longo photographed their friends lurching backward, collapsing forward or sprawled on invisible pavement. After enlarging the pictures through a projector, they and an artist assistant drew them in sizes ranging from three-quarter scale to larger than life-size. In the process, Longo often dramatized poses and always standardized attire into quite formal, black-and-white clothing. The idea for this work came, in 1975, from a still image in Rainer Werner Fassbinder's film The American Soldier. According to art critic William Wilson of the Los Angeles Times, the pictures recall nothing so much as the final scene in Ingmar Bergman's The Seventh Seal. About four years passed before Longo turned the vision of a man shot in the back into a monumental series of drawings. They produced about 60 Men in the Cities between 1979 and 1982. One drawing from this series was used as the album cover to Glenn Branca's album The Ascension. As a consequence, in their 30s, Longo was among the most widely publicized, exhibited and collected artists of the 1980s along with the likes of Cindy Sherman and David Salle. However, several critics have commented that Longo had lost their way as a visual artist by the mid-'80s.
Working on themes of power and authority, Longo produced a series of blackened American flags ("Black Flags" 1989–91) as well as oversized hand guns (Bodyhammers 1993–95). From 1995 to 1996 they worked on their Magellan project, 366 drawings (one per day) that formed an archive of the artist's life and surrounding cultural images. "Magellan" was followed by 2002's Freud Drawings, which reinterpreted Edmund Engelman's famous documentary images of Sigmund Freud's flat, moments before their flight from the Nazis. In 2002 and 2004 they presented Monsters, Bernini-esque renderings of massive breaking waves and The Sickness of Reason, baroque renderings of atomic bomb blasts. Monsters are included in the 2004 Whitney Biennial.
To create works such as Barbara and Ralph, Longo projects photographs of their subjects onto paper and traces the figures in graphite, removing all details of the background. After they record the basic contours, their long-time illustrator, Diane Shea, works on the figure for about a week, filling in the details. Next, Longo goes back into the drawing, using graphite and charcoal to provide "all the cosmetic work". Longo continues to work on the drawing, making numerous adjustments until it is completed about a week later.
In March 2013, The Lexander Magazine reviewed Longo's 1982–83 diptych entitled Pressure, highlighting it as the "penultimate visual anthem of the era," expanding upon Neal Benezra's 1988 analysis of the work as having been "the most representative work of art of the 1980s."
Music videos
In the 1980s, Longo directed several music videos, including New Order's Bizarre Love Triangle, Megadeth's Peace Sells and The One I Love by R.E.M.  They are responsible for the front covers of Glenn Branca's The Ascension from 1981 and The Replacements' 1985 album Tim.
Film and television
In 1992, Longo directed an episode of Tales from the Crypt entitled "This'll Kill Ya". They also directed the cyberpunk film Johnny Mnemonic, starring Keanu Reeves, Dolph Lundgren and Takeshi Kitano, and a short film named Arena Brains. At the time, Longo was quoted as saying, "making a painting is one thing, but making a film kicks your ass." During the late 1980s and early 1990s Longo developed a number of performance art theatre pieces, such as Marble Fog and Killing Angels, collaborating with Stuart Argabright, the guitarist Chuck Hammer and Douglas Sloan.
Music
Longo was the leader and guitarist of a musical act called Robert Longo's Menthol Wars, which performed punk experimental music in New York rock clubs in the late 1970s. During the same period, they also performed with Rhys Chatham in Chatham's Guitar Trio, producing a series of slowly fading slides entitled Pictures for Music, which was played behind the musicians.
Photography
Commissioned by Italian luxury label Bottega Veneta, Longo photographed models Terron Wood and Alla K for the brand's fall/winter 2010 advertisements, evoking memories of the dancing silhouettes of their Men in the Cities series.
Exhibitions
Longo has had retrospective exhibitions at Hamburger Kunstverein and Deichtorhallen, Menil Collection in Houston, the Los Angeles County Museum of Art in 1989, the Museum of Contemporary Art, Chicago in 1990, Hartford Athenaeum, The Isetan Museum of Art in Tokyo, and a Survey Exhibition 1980–2009, at Musée d'art moderne et d'art contemporain in Nice France in 2009 and at Museu Colecção Berardo in Lisbon, Portugal in 2010.
Group exhibitions include Documenta VIII, the Whitney Biennial, and the Venice Biennale. Their photorealistic charcoal drawings were featured in the exhibition Proof at the Brooklyn Museum in 2017 alongside works by Francisco Goya and Sergei Eisenstein.
Influence
Longo's work from the Men in the Cities series was prominently displayed in the apartment of fictional character Patrick Bateman in the film American Psycho (2000).
In 2013, Longo's artwork was featured in an article in the men's magazine, Man of the World along with an article discussing their life and career.
Art market
Longo is represented by Pace Gallery (since 2021) and Thaddaeus Ropac.
Personal life
Longo lived with artist Cindy Sherman from 1974 to 1980. They lived with artist Gretchen Bender from 1981 to 1989. Longo married German actor Barbara Sukowa in 1994. They split in 2018. Together they have 3 sons: Hans Longo, Viktor Longo, and Joseph Longo.
Longo moved to Europe in 1990, living for a few years in Paris and working in Spain and Germany. They live in New York and East Hampton.
When the COVID-19 pandemic forced the Guild Hall of East Hampton to cancel its 2021 summer gala and auction, Longo volunteered to postpone their own summer exhibition at the space and spearhead a $1 million benefit show in its stead.
Literature
Heinz-Norbert Jocks: Robert Longo. Das Poetische für mich ist eine höhere Form der Gerechtigkeit, Interview from Heinz-Norbert Jocks'', in: Kunstforum International, Nr. 273, Cologne 2021, p. 192-211.
References
Further reading
External links
20th-century American painters
American male painters
21st-century American painters
21st-century American male artists
Buffalo State College alumni
University of North Texas alumni
20th-century American sculptors
20th-century American male artists
21st-century American sculptors
American male sculptors
American contemporary painters
Postmodern artists
1953 births
Living people
American music video directors
American film directors
20th-century American printmakers
American film directors of Italian descent
20th-century American photographers
21st-century American photographers
Mian Sheheryar (1928 – 9 January 2011) was a Pakistani television and film music composer.
Early life and career
Mian Sheheryar was born in Lahore, Punjab, British India in 1928. After completing their basic education, they obtained a master's degree from the University of the Punjab, Lahore. They started their career with Radio Pakistan, Lahore as a singer in 1948. In 1954, they recorded some of their compositions with Their Master's Voice (HMV) label. Then they worked with some well-known musicians of that time including Niaz Hussain Shami, Sharif Ghaznavi, Ustad Sardar Khan and Feroz Nizami.
They joined the Pakistani television at its Lahore center since its inception in 1964, stayed with it and worked there for over 40 years until their death in 2011.  They are credited with introducing many singers – Naseem Begum (only on PTV - Ghulam Ahmed Chishti had already introduced them in film Guddi Gudda (1956)), classical music and ghazal singer Hamid Ali Khan, Irene Perveen, folk singer Iqbal Bahu, Shabnam Majeed and Hadiqa Kiani. All these singers they introduced, as we know now, achieved success later in the Pakistani film industry and television.
Some of the Pakistani folk singers they helped develop their career include Suraiya Khanum and Tarannum Naz.
Some of their music assistants that had worked with them at the PTV television center at Lahore, later became accomplished composers themselves - for example their former harmonium player Rafiq Hussain who later became a music composer themselves but has died in September 2020.
Popular compositions
Awards and recognition
Pride of Performance Award by the President of Pakistan in 1992.
Death and legacy
Mian Sheheryar died in their hometown Lahore, Pakistan at the Shalamar Hospital on 9 January 2011 at the age of 84. Some of their PTV colleagues including PTV's Lahore general Manager Farrukh Bashir, former PTV producer Mushtaq Sufi and music critic/newspaper columnist Amjad Parvez attended their funeral.
An event was held at the Punjab Institute of Language, Art and Culture (PILAC) in February 2011 to pay tribute to the memory of music composer Mian Sheheryar where the noted playwright and writer Mustansar Hussain Tarar, Amjad Parvez, PILAC Director Sughra Sadaf and Pakistan Television Corporation Deputy Managing Director Shahid Nadeem highlighted their contributions to the music of Pakistan.
References
External links
Mian Sheheryar on Apple Music website
TV Hits - Tahira Syed with Mian Sheheryar as music composer - on EMI Pakistan website
Qaseeda Burda Sharif composed by Mian Sheheryar on dailymotion.com website
1928 births
2011 deaths
Musicians from Lahore
Radio personalities from Lahore
Pakistani composers
Pakistani television people
Recipients of the Pride of Performance
Hrebenne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Horodło, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in southeastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Horodło, north-east of Hrubieszów, and southeast of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Duke Huai of Jin (died 637BC), personal name Yu, was briefly the duke of Jin (.637BC) during the Spring and Autumn period of the Zhou dynasty.
Life
Yu's father was the future Duke Hui of Jin, who married a princess of Liang during their exile there. Ji became known as when their father assumed the duchy of Jin. In 643 BC, Prince Yu was sent to the State of Qin as a hostage, where they married Princess Huai Ying (懷嬴), a daughter of Duke Mu of Qin, the powerful ruler of Qin at the time. In 641 BC, Qin conquered and annexed Liang.
In 638 BC, Duke Hui of Jin became ill. As Prince Yu was a hostage in Qin and their mother's state had been destroyed, they were worried that Duke Hui might replace them as crown prince with one of their other sons. They decided to escape back to Jin. Huai Ying refused to escape with them but agreed not to reveal their plan.
Duke Hui died in the ninth month of 637 BC, and Prince Yu ascended the throne, to be known as Duke Huai of Jin. Duke Mu of Qin, however, was angry at Prince Yu for their escape from Qin and supported Duke Hui's brother Chong'er. They even married five of their daughters, including Huai Ying, to Chong'er. With the support of the Qin army, as well as Jin generals Luan Zhi and Xi Hu (郤縠), Chong'er killed Duke Huai at Gaoliang and ascended the throne as Duke Wen of Jin.
References
Year of birth unknown
Monarchs of Jin (Chinese state)
7th-century BC Chinese monarchs
637 BC deaths
7th-century BC murdered monarchs
Assassinated Chinese politicians
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1580.
Events
March – Thomas Legge's Latin play about Richard III of England, Richardus Tertius, the first known history play performed in England, is acted by students at St John's College, Cambridge.
July 12 – The Ostrog Bible, the first complete printed Bible translation into a Slavic language (Old Church Slavonic), is first printed at Ostroh in the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth (modern-day Ukraine) by Ivan Fyodorov.
New books
Book of Concord
Jean Bodin – De la demonomanie des sorciers
Veronica Franco – Lettere familiari a diversi
Robert Greene – Mamillia
John Lyly – Euphues and their England
Michel de Montaigne – Essais
Anthony Munday – Zelauto
New drama
Robert Garnier – Antigone
Thomas Legge – Richardus Tertius
Poetry
Luís Vaz de Camões – Luís Vaz de Camões
Jan Kochanowski – Laments (Treny)
Births
March 5 – Christophe Justel, French scholar (died 1649)
April 18 (date of baptism) – Thomas Middleton, English poet and dramatist (died 1627)
June 9 – Daniel Heinsius, Dutch scholar (died 1655)
September 17 – Francisco de Quevedo, Spanish Golden Age writer (died 1645)
October 12 – Hortensio Félix Paravicino, Spanish poet (died 1633)
unknown dates
Charles François d'Abra de Raconis, French theologian (died 1646)
Manuel de Almeida, Spanish historian (died 1646)
Francisco de Araujo, Spanish theologian (died 1664)
Philipp Clüver, German historian (died 1623)
Ling Mengchu (凌濛初), Chinese vernacular writer (died 1644)
Francisco Rodrigues Lobo, Portuguese poet (died 1621)
Francisco de Lugo, Spanish theologian (died 1652)
Deaths
May 3 – Thomas Tusser, English poet (born 1524)
June 10 – Luís de Camões, Portuguese poet (born c.1524)
June 22 – Hernando de Acuña, Spanish translator (born c.1520)
August 20 – Jeronymo Osorio, Portuguese historian (born 1506)
October 8 – Hieronymus Wolf, German historian (born 1516)
November 3 – Jeronimo Zurita y Castro, Spanish historian (born 1512)
unknown dates
Sebastián de Horozco, Spanish poet and dramatist (born 1510)
Robert Lindsay of Pitscottie, Scottish chronicler (born c.1532)
probable – Raphael Holinshed, chronicler
References
Years of the 16th century in literature
Ouissem Bousnina (born 20 January 1976) is a Tunisian handball player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
1976 births
Living people
Tunisian male handball players
Olympic handball players of Tunisia
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Christophe Freyss (born August 30, 1956 in Strasbourg, France) is a former professional tennis player from France.
Freyss achieved a career-high singles ranking of world No. 82 in 1980.
ATP career finals
Singles runners-up (2)
Doubles runners-up (1)
External links
French male tennis players
Sportspeople from Strasbourg
1956 births
Living people
Dibble Peak () is a peak southwest of Post Office Hill in the Kyle Hills of Ross Island. The peak rises to about and marks the highest and southwesternmost point of Warren Ridge. At the suggestion of P.R. Kyle, it was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (2000) after Raymond R. Dibble, a geophysicist at the Victoria University of Wellington, New Zealand, who visited Cape Crozier in the 1962–63 season; made seismic and volcanic observations of Mount Erebus during the 1970s, also 1980–86 as a founding member of the International Mount Erebus Seismic Study; after retirement from Victoria University and involvement with the New Zealand Antarctic Programme, Dibble joined the United States Antarctic Program (USAP) and the NMIMT team (Kyle) in the maintenance and upgrading of the seismic stations run by the Mount Erebus Volcano Observatory, 1993–94, 1994–95, 1995–96, and 1997–98.
References
Mountains of Ross Island
Depwade Rural District was a rural district in Norfolk, England from 1894 to 1974.
It was formed under the Local Government Act 1894 based on the Depwade rural sanitary district, taking its name from the ancient Depwade hundred. It lay to the east of Diss Urban District.
In 1902 it took in the eastern part of the disbanded Guiltcross Rural District, thus completely encircling Diss except where that town bordered on Suffolk.
Thereafter its borders were unchanged until 1974, when the district was abolished under the Local Government Act 1972 and became part of the South Norfolk district.
Statistics
Parishes
References
Districts of England created by the Local Government Act 1894
Districts of England abolished by the Local Government Act 1972
Historical districts of Norfolk
Rural districts of England
Yagapriya (pronounced yāgapriya) is a rāgam in Carnatic music (musical scale of South Indian classical music). It is the 31st melakarta rāgam in the 72 melakarta rāgam system of Carnatic music. It is called Kalāvati in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music. Like many other rāgas, Kalāvati has been adopted in Hindustani music as well.
Structure and Lakshana
It is the 1st rāgam in the 6th chakra Rutu. The mnemonic name is Rutu-Pa. The mnemonic phrase is sa ru gu ma pa dha na. Its structure (ascending and descending scale) is as follows (see swaras in Carnatic music for details on below notation and terms):
:
:
The notes shatsruthi rishabham, antara gandharam, shuddha madhyamam, shuddha dhaivatham and shuddha nishadham are used in this rāgam. As Yagapriya is a melakarta, by definition it is a sampoorna rāgam (has all seven notes in ascending and descending scale). It is the shuddha madhyamam equivalent of Sucharitra, which is the 67th melakarta scale.
Janya rāgams
Yagapriya has a few minor janya rāgams (derived scales) associated with it. See List of janya rāgams for full list of rāgams associated with Yagapriya.
Compositions
A few compositions set to Yagapriya rāgam are:
Kalavati kamalasyanu by Muthuswami Dikshitar
Shambho sadashiva by Koteeswara Iyer
Related rāgams
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
Yagapriya's notes when shifted using Graha bhedam, does not yield any melakarta rāgams. Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the rāgam.
Notes
References
Melakarta ragas
A star candidate () refers to a high-profile individual who has been recruited as a candidate by a political party. Star candidates have usually excelled in fields outside politics such as academia, business, entertainment, the media, journalism and/or sports. They are also either retired high-profile politicians who have been lured back into politics or a big-city mayor or provincial premier/state governor who has been convinced to enter federal politics, or former politicians that have been lured to run at another level to attain high-profile positions at that level.
See also
Paper candidate
References
Political terminology in Canada
Elections in the United States
Political terms in the United Kingdom
Elections
Elections terminology
Celebrity concepts
is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Aya Kanno. Loosely based on the Shakespearean plays Henry VI, Part 3 and Richard III, the series follows an intersex version of Richard III during the tumultuous Wars of the Roses (1455–1487) period in English history. The manga was serialized in Akita Shoten's Monthly Princess magazine from October 2013 to January 2022, with its chapters collected into 16 bound volumes as of December 2021. It is licensed in English by Viz Media. It has inspired three drama CDs, two spin-off manga series, an original novel, a stage play, and an anime television series adaptation by J.C.Staff, which aired from January to June 2022.
Plot
As the Kingdom of England is torn between the House of York and the House of Lancaster—each claiming their leader to be the rightful king—young Richard III, the intersex son of the Duke of York, is fighting a battle within himself. Despised by their mother, adored by their father, and alienated from most others, Richard grapples with frightful spirits haunting him, unsteady and unintentional alliances with their enemies, and their own passion for a throne.
Characters
Richard III
Third son of Richard Duke of York, younger brother of Edward IV and George, and eventually the third and final Yorkist king of England. Richard is raging a battle inside. They feel alienated because they are intersex.
Henry VI
Head of the Lancaster family and King of England.
Queen Margaret
Wife of Henry VI and Queen of England.
Prince Edward of Lancaster
Son of Henry VI and Margaret and Prince of Wales.
Catesby
Richard III's servant.
Warwick
Known as the "Kingmaker", a powerful supporter of first the York family and then the Lancaster family.
Richard Plantagenet, Duke of York
First leader of the York family, husband of Cecily, father of Edward IV, George, Duke of Clarence, and Richard III.
Cecily Neville, Duchess of York
Wife of Richard Plantagenet, mother of Edward IV, George, Duke of Clarence, and Richard III. Despises their son Richard as a monster for being intersex.
Edward IV of York
Oldest son of Richard Duke of York, older brother of Richard and George, second leader of the York family, and first Yorkist king of England.
George, Duke of Clarence
Second son of Richard Duke of York, younger brother of Edward IV and older brother of Richard.
Joan of Arc
A French warrior woman who fought for their people in the Hundred Year's War. Believed by the English to be a witch. Appears in visions to Richard III to torment him.
Anne Neville
Youngest daughter of Warwick. Married first to Prince Edward of Lancaster and then to Richard III.
Isabelle Neville
Oldest daughter of Warwick. Wife of George and Duchess of Clarence.
Queen Elizabeth
Wife of Edward IV and later Queen of England. Secretly seeks revenge on Edward for the death of their first husband Sir John Grey.
Edward V
Oldest son of Edward IV and Queen Elizabeth and briefly the second Yorkist king of England.
Richard, Duke of York
Second son of Edward IV and Queen Elizabeth.
Beth
Daughter of Edward IV and Queen Elizabeth.
Richard Grey
Son of Queen of Elizabeth and Sir John Grey. Half-brother to Edward V, Richard, Duke of York and Beth.
Earl Rivers
Brother of Queen Elizabeth.
Buckingham
Ally to Richard III.
Jane Shore
Witch and mistress to first Edward IV and then Lord Hastings.
Lord Hastings
Ally first to Richard III and then to the Woodville family.
James Tyrell
The murderer of the Princes in the Tower.
Albany
Brother of King James III of Scotland and would-be king of Scotland. Ally to Richard III.
Thomas Stanley
Earl of Derby and ally of Queen Elizabeth.
Margaret Pole
Daughter of George, Duke of Clarence and Isabelle Neville.
Edward Plantagenet
Son of George, Duke of Clarence and Isabelle Neville.
Edward of Middleham
Alleged son of Richard III and Anne Neville.
Richmond
Nephew of Henry VI and stepson of Thomas Stanley. Richard III's final rival for control of the throne of England.
Media
Manga
Requiem of the Rose King was written and illustrated by Aya Kanno. It was serialized in Akita Shoten's (girls') manga magazine Monthly Princess, starting in the magazine's November 2013 issue on 4 October 2013. On 4 June 2021, Kanno announced that they had completed the storyboard for the final Requiem of the Rose King chapter. On 6 October 2021, Monthly Princess revealed that the series would end in four chapters. Requiem of the Rose King concluded in the magazine's February 2022 issue on 6 January 2022. Akita Shoten collects the series' individual chapters into (bound volumes) published under their Princess Comics imprint; the 17th and final volume will be released in Japan on 16 June 2022.
Internationally, the series is licensed for an English-language release in North America by Viz Media under the company's Shojo Beat imprint. It is also licensed in French by Éditions Ki-oon, in German by Carlsen Comics, in Polish by Waneko, in Spanish by Ediciones Tomodomo, in Italian by Edizioni Star Comics, and in Chinese by Tong Li Publishing.
Volume list
Spin-offs
A spin-off manga series, King of Idol: , began serialization in the February 2021 issue of Monthly Princess on 6 January 2021. The series is written and illustrated by . It portrays the Requiem of the Rose King characters as high school students training to become "idols" or entertainers.
A second spin-off manga series, , began serialization in the April 2022 issue of Monthly Princess on 4 March 2022. The series is written and illustrated by Kanno, and its chapters will be collected into two volumes. The series focuses on events not covered in the main series, including stories about the characters' everyday lives and Queen Margaret's past.
Drama CDs
Requiem of the Rose King has inspired three drama CDs produced by Akita Shoten in Japan. The first, based on volume three of the manga, was bundled with the February 2016 issue of Monthly Princess, released on 6 January 2016. The second, based on volumes four and five of the manga, was included with a limited edition of volume seven, released on 16 January 2017. The third, based on volumes five and six of the manga, was bundled with the March 2017 issue of Monthly Princess, released on 6 February 2017. All three drama CDs starred Mitsuki Saiga as Richard III and Daisuke Namikawa as Henry VI.
Anime
On 16 September 2020, Akita Shoten announced via their YouTube channel that Requiem of the Rose King would be adapted into an anime television series. The series is animated by J.C.Staff and directed by Kentarō Suzuki, with Hiroki Uchida writing and supervising the scripts, Tsutomu Hashizume designing the characters, and Kow Otani composing the musical score. The series was originally scheduled to premiere in October 2021, but was delayed due to production issues. It aired from 9 January to 26 June 2022, on Tokyo MX and other channels in Japan. The series aired for two consecutive cours, for a half-year continuous run. The first opening theme is "" (, "I'm Obsessed with Roses") performed by Makoto Furukawa, while the first ending theme is "" (, "Nightmare") performed by Zaq. The second opening theme is "" (, "Rose Briar Rondo") performed by Makoto Furukawa, while the second ending theme is "" () performed by Nowlu. Funimation licensed the series as part of their Winter 2022 simulcast lineup in the United States, Canada, United Kingdom, Ireland, Mexico, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Peru, Australia, and New Zealand. Medialink licensed the series in Southeast Asia, South Asia, and Oceania minus Australia and New Zealand.
Episode list
Stage play
A stage play adaptation of the manga is scheduled to run at the Nippon Seinenkan hall in Tokyo from June 10 to June 19, 2022. The play will be directed by Fumiya Matsuzaki, with its script written by Requiem of the Rose King anime screenplay writer Hiroki Uchida. It will star both a female actor, Yumi Wakatsuki, and a male actor, Sayato Arima, as the intersex Richard III. Additional cast members include Takuma Wada as Henry VI; Yūki Kimisawa as Edward IV of York; Gaku Takamoto as George, Duke of Clarence; Shō Katō as Catesby; Yūsuke Seto as Warwick; Ryōta Hirono as Prince Edward of Lancaster; Sena as Anne Neville; Sayaka Fujioka as Cecily Neville, Duchess of York; Ryōko Tanaka as Queen Margaret; and Masashi Taniguchi as Richard Plantagenet, Duke of York.
Other media
A bonus manga chapter, , was published in the July 2015 issue of Monthly Princess on 5 June 2015. The chapter depicts Kanno's trip to England with their editor for the reburial of King Richard III in March of that year.
An art book, , was published by Akita Shoten on 15 June 2018.
A spin-off novel, , was published by Akita Shoten on 15 December 2021. The novel was written by Yō Makusu, with cover art by Kanno.
A fanbook was published by Akita Shoten on 16 March 2022, collecting character information, tribute illustrations, and manga previously omitted from the bound volume release of the main series.
Reception
In the 2015 edition of Takarajimasha's guidebook, Requiem of the Rose King tied with Tanaka-kun is Always Listless for number 17 on the list of the top 20 manga for female readers. Japanese actor Kenji Urai, who portrayed Henry VI in a production of the Shakespearean play at the New National Theatre Tokyo, stated that they are a "big fan" of the manga. Moto Hagio, a pioneering manga artist, praised Requiem of the Rose Kings depiction of "a whole new Richard III", calling it "more interesting than Shakespeare!"
Notes
References
Further reading
External links
2022 anime television series debuts
Akita Shoten manga
Androgyny in fiction
Anime series based on manga
Aya Kanno
Comics based on works by William Shakespeare
Comics set in the 15th century
Dark fantasy anime and manga
Drama anime and manga
Funimation
Historical anime and manga
Intersex in fiction
Japanese LGBT-related animated television series
LGBT in anime and manga
LGBT-related adaptations of works by William Shakespeare
Medialink
J.C.Staff
Romance anime and manga
Shōjo manga
Viz Media manga
Works based on Richard III (play)
Mulock is a dispersed rural community and unincorporated place in the municipality of West Grey, Grey County in Southwestern Ontario, Canada, named for William Mulock.
Mulock Christian Fellowship, a church, is and Durham (Mulock) Airport was located in the community. The Saugeen River flows by southwest of Mulock.
See also
List of unincorporated communities in Ontario
References
Communities in Grey County
Bristow Norway AS (formerly Norsk Helikopter) is a Norwegian helicopter company that transports crew to oil installations in the North Sea. It has headquarters in Stavanger and has additional operations out of Bergen, Florø, and Hammerfest. The company operates a fleet of 24 Sikorsky S92 helicopters and has 420 employees.
The company has contracts with all the oil companies operating on the Norwegian shelf for crew change flights. In addition it operates SAR aircraft out of Ekofisk and Hammerfest.
History
Offshore helicopter transport in Norway was traditionally dominated by Helikopter Service. By the late 1980s three competitors were established, Lufttransport, Mørefly and Braathens Helikopter, but by 1992 Helikopter Service had bought all three. Both the authorities and the oil companies wanted multiple operators to stimulate competition. Norsk Helikopter was incorporated in 1993 to fill this gap. It was initially owned as a joint venture between Andreas Ugland and Bristow Helicopter, with the Norwegian shipping billionaire owning 51 percent. This resulted in a close technical cooperation with Bristow's other helicopter companies. The company was established with a fleet of Aerospatiale AS332L Super Pumas.
The company's first and main base is Stavanger Airport, Sola. The airline expanded to Bergen Airport, Flesland, in 1999 and then to Brønnøysund Airport, Brønnøy in 2002. A base opened at Hammerfest Airport on 11 November 2004 in conjunction with the construction at Snøhvit.
Norsk Helikopter became the first European operator of the Sikorsky S-92A in 2005. The same year it bought the land-helicopter operator Lufttransport. This lasted for three years. In 2008 the Ugland Group sold its shares to Bristow, in a deal which secured them full ownership of Lufttransport. Norsk Helikopter subsequently changed their name to Bristow Norway in April 2009.
The company subsequently won several important contracts. In 2009 it started flying out of Hammerfest for StatoilHydro and Eni. The following year it won an important contract for the Draugen and Sleipner fields. The same year it bought its first Eurocopter EC225 for all-weather search and rescue.
The 'Norsk Helikopter' brand was retained by Ugland, who sold it to Avincis Group (since purchased by Babcock International).
Fleet
24 Sikorsky S-92A
References
Bibliography
1993 establishments in Norway
Airlines established in 1993
Airlines of Norway
Helicopter airlines
Keep It Pimp & Gangsta is the third album released by rap group, Dirty. It was released on February 25, 2003 through Universal Records and was produced by member, Big Pimp, The Highly Respected Dr. Fangaz, Khao, Cool & Dre and Mannie Fresh. Keep It Pimp & Gangsta is thus far, Dirty's the most successful album chart-wise, peaking at #63 on the Billboard 200 and #13 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and was the duo's last album distributed by Universal, as they would later join the famed Southern hip hop label Rap-a-Lot Records.
Track listing
"Feel Me Ni"- 4:39 ( Produced by The Highly Respected Dr. Fangaz )
"C'mon"- 4:45 (Featuring Pastor Troy)( Produced by Khao )
"Keep It"- 4:15 ( Produced by Khao )
"That's Dirty"- 4:13 (Featuring Mannie Fresh)
"Think About U"- 4:20
"Lose Control (Candy Man, Pt. 2)"- 5:10 ( Produced by Khao )
"Hoochie Mama"- 4:06 ( Produced by The Highly Respected Dr. Fangaz )
"Sholl Iz"- 4:05 ( Produced by Cool & Dre )
"Ackamonkey"- 4:54 ( Produced by The Highly Respected Dr. Fangaz )
"Woodgrain"- 5:15 ( Produced by The Highly Respected Dr. Fangaz )
"Fuck Witcha"- 4:34 ( Produced by Big Pimp )
"My Cadillac"- 3:31 ( Produced by Cool & Dre )
"Chicken Hustlin'"- 4:46 ( Produced by Big Pimp )
"Gangsta"- 4:16 ( Produced by Big Pimp )
"Ghetto Opera"- 4:15 ( Produced by Big Pimp)
"Where da Luv"- 4:28 ( Produced by Big Pimp )
"Ghetto Ride"- 5:12 ( Produced by Big Pimp )
References
2003 albums
Dirty (group) albums
Events from the year 1558 in literature.
Events
November 17 – The Elizabethan era begins in England: the Catholic Queen Mary dies and is succeeded by their Protestant half-sister Elizabeth.
unknown dates
Albert V, Duke of Bavaria, sets up in their Munich Residenz a court library that is the predecessor of the Bavarian State Library, with the collection of the late Johann Albrecht Widmannstetter at its core.
Italian exile Pietro Perna sets up their printing press in Basel, Switzerland.
New books
Prose
John Dee – Propaedeumata Aphoristica
Ser Giovanni Fiorentino – Il Pecorone (The Simpleton)
John Knox (published anonymously) –
Marguerite de Navarre (died 1549) – Heptaméron (Histoires des amans fortunez) (edited by Pierre Boaistuau)
Giambattista della Porta – Magia Naturalis
Thomas Watson –
Drama
Jacques Grévin –
Poetry
See 1558 in poetry
Births
July 11 (baptism) – Robert Greene, English writer (died 1592)
November 3 – Thomas Kyd, English dramatist (died 1594)
Probable year – Thomas Lodge, English writer (died 1625)
Deaths
January 28 – Jacob Micyllus, German writer (born 1503)
May 17 – Francisco de Sá de Miranda, Portuguese poet (born 1481)
August 11 – Justus Menius, German Lutheran theologian (born 1499)
September 5 – Robert Broke, English legal writer (birth date unknown)
October 14 – Mellin de Saint-Gelais, French poet (born c. 1491)
References
Years of the 16th century in literature
Daisy is the nickname of the following people:
Daisy Ashford (1881–1972), English writer and author of The Young Visiters, when they were nine-years-old
Daisy Basham (1879–1963), New Zealand radio broadcaster
Daisy Dick (born 1972), Bronze medalist for Great Britain in team eventing at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing
Daisy Lang (born 1972), Bulgarian professional female boxer and former Super Bantamweight and Super Flyweight world champion
Juliette Gordon Low (1860–1927), founder of Girl Scouts of the USA
Daisy Lumini (1936–1993), Italian composer, singer and stage actor
Daisy Makeig-Jones (1881–1945), English pottery designer for Wedgwood best known for their "Fairyland Lustre" series
Daisy Romualdez, Filipino actor
Daisy Sylvan (1874–????), Italian film studio owner, producer, director, and actor in the silent film era
Them Majesty Margrethe II of Denmark (born 1940), Monarch of The Kingdom of Denmark
See also
Daisy (disambiguation)
Daisy (given name), people given the name
References
Lists of people by nickname
Staten Island Museum (officially the Staten Island Institute of Arts & Sciences) is Staten Island's oldest cultural institution, and the only remaining general interest museum in New York City.
Founded in 1881 by fourteen of New York City's first “environmental activists”, the Staten Island Museum houses artifacts and specimens from ancient to contemporary periods. This “mini-Smithsonian” is rich with arts, natural sciences and local history.
The museum's holdings are formally organized into three main collections: Natural Sciences, Fine Art, and History Archives & Library. The natural science collections encompass over 500,000 botanical, biological, anthropological and mineral specimens including bird nests and eggs, mounted animals, fossils, shells, and a significant collection of insects, including important type specimens. Based upon a 19th-century model, the art collection includes works spanning prehistory to the modern period, with representations of diverse world cultures from both the Western and Non-Western traditions. The historical collections include a library, maps and atlases, early films, audio recordings, photographs, historical objects, ephemera and archival documents reaching back to the 17th century.
History
The Staten Island Museum was founded in 1881 as a private society of local naturalists and antiquarians who pooled their personal collections to create the public museum in 1908. William T. Davis, along with Nathaniel Lord Britton, Arthur Hollick, Charles W. Leng, are some of the founding fathers who also contributed significantly to the city's nature preserve, research and education. The museum focused on environmental protection and has participated in the preservation of High Rock Park and the William T. Davis Wildlife Refuge. Since 1908, the staff has conducted annual bird counts together with the Audubon Society. In 1909, the Section of Art was organized, and in 1919 the Staten Island Institute of Arts & Sciences was incorporated to reflect the broader mission which also includes local history.
The museum has been called a "Mini Smithsonian" because of the breadth of its collections, and is based on a 19th-century model of creating within one's own community the complete resources for a cultural education. As a general interest museum, it is one of the last intact examples of the first type of public museum in America, and today serves a diverse audience of 80,000 people annually, with the goal of providing cross-disciplinary exhibitions for a wide cross-section of visitors.
As the oldest cultural organization on Staten Island, the museum has been instrumental in the founding of many other cultural organizations in the area. These include the New York Botanical Garden (the institute's co-founder Nathaniel Lord Britton became its first director), the Staten Island Zoo (originally the Staten Island Zoological Society, a Section of the Museum in 1933), the Staten Island Historical Society (running Historic Richmond Town), and the Staten Island Children's Museum. The museum also greatly impacted Staten Island's environment, contributing to the preservation of the Greenbelt and the establishment of other environmental organizations.
Current mission
It is the mission of the Staten Island Museum to document, research, preserve, collect, interpret and exhibit significant objects and themes in the areas of natural science, art and local history, with the goal of educating, celebrating and enriching the community of Staten Island in particular, and the New York metropolitan region in general.
Collections
Art
The Museum's art collection ranges from ancient Egyptian sculpture, to Renaissance paintings, to 19th century Hudson River School landscapes of Staten Island and New York Harbor, to 21st-century abstract art, photography and new media. It is the only museum actively collecting works by contemporary Staten Island artists. Its collections include American landscape paintings, Old Master prints, historic costume pieces and costume accessories, African sculpture and masks, Egyptian, Greek and Roman antiquities, Japanese prints, Pre-Columbian ceramics, ancient and modern Native American artifacts, English and American silver, and both Western and Non-Western objects of vertu, for example collections of Chinese snuff bottles, carved smoking pipes, and pocket watches, the bequests of local benefactor-collectors. It has a group of Samuel H. Kress Italian Renaissance paintings, and several complementary small 19th-century Renaissance-revival bronzes.
There are important 19th–20th-century paintings featuring Staten Island and New York Harbor, fine 19th and 20th-century portraits, and works by prominent local contemporary artists. Examples of traditional representational art in the Staten Island Museum's permanent collection include prints by Rembrandt, Goya, Piranesi and Audubon, paintings by Cropsey, Moran, Alma-Tadema, Giovanni di Paolo and Pordenone, sculpture by Hiram Powers and Gertrude Vanderbilt Whitney. There are Japanese prints by Hiroshige, Hokusai, Utamaro and Kunisada. The Modern Art collection includes works by John Sloane, Guy Pene du Bois, George Bellows, Chagall, Leger, Maillol, Andy Warhol, Philip Pearlstein, Isabel Bishop, Peter Max, Donald Judd and the folk artist Clementine Hunter. Over 150 women artists are represented in the Staten Island Museum's holdings.
History
The museum has over half a million items in the local History Collection, including authentic land grants with the wax seals of King Charles II (1674) and King William III (1696) as well as a 1776 military document signed by William Howe, Commander in Chief of the British Armies.
Natural Science
The Museum houses a 130-year comprehensive record of the changing biodiversity of the New York metro area, with specimens including birds and mammals, a collection of fish, amphibians and reptiles preserved in alcohol, 500,000 mounted insects, and 25,000 plants preserved in the herbarium.
2019 exhibitions
Remember the Mastodon: Diversity & Preservation
The Wall of Insects
Staten Island SEEN The borough's history and landscape from the 17th century to the present.
Opening the Treasure Box: Bringing the World Home Objects from five continents, the oldest from 2000BC.
From Farm to City History of land use on the island.
Operations at Snug Harbor
Staten Island's "hometown" museum has consolidated its collection to the Staten Island Museum at Snug Harbor. A state of the art LEED certified building opened to the public as of September 2015. In addition, the Museum operates its Art Conservation Studio and the Staten Island History Center & Archives at Snug Harbor Cultural Center, joining other cultural institutions at the site. The museum has transformed from the 19th-century model of a museum as a "cabinet of curiosities", into a fully realized 21st-century institution that is accessible, diverse, technologically advanced, and demonstrates leadership in collections management, exhibitions, education and public programming.
The new museum, on the Snug Harbor Campus, is the first federal historic landmark on Staten Island designed to achieve LEED Gold certification, including geo-thermal heating and cooling. The mainly city-funded ($23 million) renovation of Building A added over , with additional space to follow in Building B (Bio-Diversity) in 2022.
The Museum displays 'Staten Island Scene/Seen', a new interpretation of Staten Island across three centuries, including commissioned works by contemporary artists and featuring Hudson River School landscape paintings by Jasper Cropsey and Edward Moran from the museum's collection.
In addition, a life-size replica of a mastodon greets visitors as they explore the museum, a creature that once roamed the hills of Staten Island as evidenced by local discoveries held in the museum's fossil collection on display in the new lobby.
See also
List of museums and cultural institutions in New York City
References
External links
Official website
Museums in Staten Island
Natural history museums in New York (state)
Art museums and galleries in New York City
History museums in New York City
Education in Staten Island
1881 establishments in New York (state)
Museums established in 1881
Sailors' Snug Harbor
Paleontology in New York (state)
St. George, Staten Island
The Great Highway () is the last play by Swedish playwright August Strindberg. The original title is Stora landsvägen. Structured as a journey play in seven stages, it is an allegory of the individual's passage through life.
History
When Strindberg wrote this play, they were already suffering from the stomach cancer that would kill them three years later, and they intended it as a summation of their thoughts on various questions, a kind of theatrical self-portrait and last testament. A literal translation of the Swedish title would be "The Great Country Road", and Strindberg intended this to reference the street where they had lived as a child, which led directly to the cemetery.
The world premiere of the play took place on February 19, 1910, at the Intimate Theater of Stockholm with August Falck in the lead role of the Hunter. It was not the kind of play the public associated with Strindberg and it closed after a comparatively short run (16 performances according to Strindberg, Théâtre Complet 6, Paris 1986, p. 538). It was considered unperformable for decades afterwards and is still produced only rarely.
Synopsis
The Great Highway is a memory play structured as a journey with seven 'stations' at which the protagonist, the Hunter, encounters and re-encounters other characters. Like the Hunter, all the other characters are symbolically named and include the Hermit, the Traveller, a group of Millers, the Girl, the Schoolmaster, the Blacksmith, the Photographer, the Organ-Grinder, the Japanese, the Murderer, the Child, the Woman, and the Tempter.
As the Hunter proceeds on a walking tour in the mountains, they find themselves in one surreal situation after another. For example, the Millers they meet are fighting over the wind; elsewhere the Schoolmaster lives in the town of Eseldorf (Donkey Village) where being sane is a crime punishable by death. As the Hunter descends from the purer heights of the mountains, they begin to encounter characters from their own past, including the daughter they deserted.
The play is written chiefly in unrhymed verse, with the language veering frequently from the banal to the lyrical. The past tense recurs repeatedly in the characters' speech. It ends with an admission of failure and a prayer:
Bless me, whose deepest suffering,
deepest of human suffering, was this—
I could not be the one I longed to be.
Critics' views of the play vary a great deal. Many consider it a masterpiece of emotional truth-telling despite flaws like its unusual mixture of mundane and sublime language. However, some have dismissed it for being undramatic or as pseudo-mystical claptrap.
References
1909 plays
Plays by August Strindberg
Autobiographical plays
Expressionist plays
The brown-and-yellow marshbird (Pseudoleistes virescens) is a species of bird in the family Icteridae.
It is found in the Pampas and north to the Paraguayan border and Rio Grande do Sul, where its natural habitats are swamps and pastureland.
References
External links
Photo – oiseaux.net
brown-and-yellow marshbird
Birds of Argentina
Birds of Uruguay
brown-and-yellow marshbird
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Justice Head may refer to:
James B. Head (1846–1902), associate justice of the Supreme Court of Alabama
T. Grady Head (1897–1965), associate justice of the Georgia Supreme Court
Cox Green railway station served the civil parish of Cox Green, Tyne and Wear, England, from 1854 to 1964 on the Penshaw Branch.
History
The station opened as Coxgreen Crossing in November 1854 by the North Eastern Railway. It was situated in the north side of Coxgreen Road. Its name was changed to Coxgreen in April 1857. It initially had short platforms but they were doubled in size in 1896 as well as more services per day. Its name was changed again to Cox Green in July 1931. It didn't attract as many passengers as Hylton because of its isolated location; Hylton had booked 54,250 passengers, whereas Cox Green booked 9,095 passengers. It was downgraded to an unstaffed halt on 14 August 1961 and it closed on 4 May 1964. The station building remains in residential use but it has been expanded since.
References
External links
Disused railway stations in Tyne and Wear
Former North Eastern Railway (UK) stations
Beeching closures in England
Railway stations opened in 1854
Railway stations closed in 1964
1854 establishments in England
1964 disestablishments in England
Skryhiczyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubienka, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-east of Dubienka, south-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
The founder of the town, in 1871, was Rabbi Mordko Kelman Rotenberg, nephew of the famous Góra Kalwaria tzaddik, Icchak Meir Alter. Before the German invasion of Poland during World War II, the Jewish population of Skryhiczyn included 150 to 300 Jews. In November 1941, several Jews from Skryhiczyn were resettled in Hrubieszów, where they were put into forced labor. In June 1942, along with Jews from the ghetto in Hrubieszów, they were deported to the Nazi extermination camp in Sobibór.
References
Villages in Chełm County
STIR (Signal Tracking and Illumination Radar) is a medium-to-long range fire-control radar system manufactured by Thales Group. It is used for electro-optical tracking and missile illumination.
Model
Operators
Source:
See also
Korean Navy radar lock-on incident – Japan alleged Korean Navy destroyer irradiated a Japanese Maritime patrol aircraft with STIR 1.8.
References
External links
STIR page of Thales Group
Naval radars
"Boys like You" is a song recorded by Australian rapper 360 and Australian indie singer Gossling. It was released on 18 November 2011 by Soulmate Records and EMI as the fourth single from 360's second studio album, Falling & Flying (2011). The song was written by 360, Kaelyn Behr, Jack Revens, Brad Pinto and Frank Jones, and produced by Behr under their production name Styalz Fuego. "Boys like You" was a commercial success, peaking at No. 3 on the Australian Singles Chart and was eventually certified quadruple platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association, becoming 360's most successful single to date.
The Alex Weltlinge directed music video was nominated for Best Video at the ARIA Music Awards of 2012.
Background and development
During an interview with MTV Australia, when asked how inspiration came from the track, 360 stated: "I find I write my best stuff when I write from personal experience or something like that, just anything that I feel like I need to get off my chest. That's the stuff that comes out the fastest [....] songs like 'Boys like You' were all written amazingly fast. It just comes out."
Chart performance
"Boys like You" made its first chart appearance in Australia on 4 December 2011, at No. 47. On 22 January 2012, the song re-entered the chart at No. 35. Four weeks later, it reached a peak of No. 3, a position it held for three consecutive weeks. "Boys like You" has since been certified 4× Platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association, denoting shipments of 280,000 copies. The song entered the New Zealand Singles Chart at No. 36 on 12 March 2012. The following week, "Boys like You" reached, No. 33, a peak position it held for two non-consecutive weeks.
Charts and certifications
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2011 singles
360 (rapper) songs
2011 songs
EMI Records singles
Peter Chrisp (born 20 May 1958) is a British children's author of books on history. With over ninety books published, their various works include Blitzkrieg!, Dorling Kindersley's Ancient Egypt Revealed and Ancient Rome Revealed, The Spanish Conquests of the New World, and many more.
They first began writing history after working on the Mass-Observation archive at the University of Sussex. They have also worked as a writer on the online project "Icons of England".
Aside from their publications in literature, they are also an artist, who has exhibited collections of their cartoons and hand-drawn postcards during Brighton Festival.In 2014, their portraits of the Magna Carta barons were displayed in an exhibition in St Edmunsbury Cathedral, and 'were very popular with visiting families and schools'. The illustrations were later displayed as a trail on bollards around the town. In 2017, their Christmas tableaux photographs, with Lisa Wolfe, were featured in The Observer, Der Spiegel, the New Zealand Stuff.co.nz news website, and Brighton's Viva magazine. In 2019, their illustrations of the diary of Thomas Turner began appearing in a monthly column, edited by Mathew Clayton, in Caught by the River.
Since 2013, Chrisp has been writing From Swerve of Shore to Bend of Bay, a blog about James Joyce's Finnegans Wake. The blog has been featured in the Irish Times, where Chrisp was described as an 'eminent Wake scholar' and 'a self-confessed Joyce obsessive'.
Bibliography
As co-author or contributor
See also
Dorling Kindersley
References
British children's writers
British non-fiction writers
1958 births
Living people
Postcard artists
British male writers
Male non-fiction writers
Route 525 is a long east–west secondary highway in the northwest portion of New Brunswick, Canada.
The route's northern terminus is at Route 515 in the community of Sainte-Marie-de-Kent. The road crosses the Bouctouche River between the communities of Upper Buctouche and Roy. The road travels northeast as Coates Mills South Road before turning southeast near the community of Roy, where it is called Champ Dore Road. Route 525 passes through the community of Champdore before ending at Route 115 in Saint-Antoine.
History
See also
References
525
525
Nizhny Dzhalgan (; , Aşağı-Calğan) is a rural locality (a selo) in Khazarsky Selsoviet, Derbentsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 2,841 as of 2010. There are 44 streets.
Geography
Nizhny Dzhalgan is located 9 km south of Derbent (the district's administrative centre) by road. Vavilovo, Khazar and Arablinskoye are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Azerbaijanis and Tabasarans live there.
References
Rural localities in Derbentsky District
Watchful waiting (also watch and wait or WAW) is an approach to a medical problem in which time is allowed to pass before medical intervention or therapy is used. During this time, repeated testing may be performed.
Related terms include expectant management, active surveillance, and masterly inactivity. The term masterly inactivity is also used in nonmedical contexts.
A distinction can be drawn between watchful waiting and medical observation, but some sources equate the terms. Usually, watchful waiting is an outpatient process and may have a duration of months or years. In contrast, medical observation is usually an inpatient process, often involving frequent or even continuous monitoring and may have a duration of hours or days.
Medical uses
Often watchful waiting is recommended in situations with a high likelihood of self-resolution if there is high uncertainty concerning the diagnosis, and the risks of intervention or therapy may outweigh the benefits.
Watchful waiting is often recommended for many common illnesses such as ear infections in children; because the majority of cases resolve spontaneously, antibiotics will often be prescribed only after several days of symptoms. It is also a strategy frequently used in surgery prior to a possible operation, when it is possible for a symptom (for example abdominal pain) to either improve naturally or become worse.
Other examples include:
the diagnosis and treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia
depression
otitis media
inguinal hernia
odd behaviors in infants
Active surveillance of prostate cancer
non-symptomatic kidney stones
Process
Watchful waiting
In many applications, a key component of watchful waiting is the use of an explicit decision tree or other protocol to ensure a timely transition from watchful waiting to another form of management, as needed. This is particularly common in the post-surgical management of cancer survivors, in whom cancer recurrence is a significant concern.
Medical observation
Usually, patients in observation, according to hospital policy, are kept in observation for only 24 or 48 hours before they will be discharged or admitted as an inpatient. Insurance can play a role in how "observation" is defined (for example, US Medicare does not support observation services for over 48 hours).
See also
Public health surveillance
Waiting in healthcare
Monitoring (medicine)
References
External links
Lymphoma Treatment: Watch and Wait
Watchful Waiting and Monitoring Indolent Lymphomas
Watchful Waiting: Chapter from Lymphoma Australia's "Your Journey Of Lymphoma Treatments" DVD
Medical terminology
Time management
God's Trombones: Seven Negro Sermons in Verse is a 1927 book of poems by James Weldon Johnson patterned after traditional African-American religious oratory. African-American scholars Henry Louis Gates and Cornel West have identified the collection as one of Johnson's two most notable works, the other being Autobiography of an Ex-Colored Man.
Origins
Johnson observed an absence of attention in folklore studies to what they called a "folk sermon," then went on to describe its nature and specific examples from their memory:
Johnson explains the title's use of the trombone by discussing the vocal and rhetorical qualities of a preacher they had recently heard who, they felt, exemplified the compelling and persuasive nature of the folk preacher, naming the trombone as "the instrument possessing above all others the power to express the wide and varied range of emotions encompassed by the human voice — and with greater amplitude." They also cited a dictionary definition that noted the trombone as being the brass instrument most resembling the range and sound of the human voice.
The seven poems were composed primarily in 1926, with "Go Down[,] Death" being composed in the space of a single afternoon on Thanksgiving Day, 1926, and the remaining five poems during a two-week retreat; "The Creation," the first poem of the set, had been composed about 1919.
Reception
The work went on to find acclaim in many circles, proving "enormously popular among both the black cognoscenti as well of the masses of black Americans" and being used widely in oratorical contests; poet Owen Dodson wrote Johnson in 1932 to tell them that Dodson and their brother had taken first and second place in a poetry-recitation competition with works from that volume.
Gates and West particularly note that the work "attempts a mimetic capturing of the black church sermon... without making recourse to the misspellings and orthographic tricks often employed in representing black vernacular speech." Dorothy Canfield Fisher, in a personal letter to the poet to thank them and offer to help promote the collection, praised the work as "heart-shakingly beautiful and original, with the peculiar piercing tenderness and intimacy which seems to me special gifts of the Negro. ...it is a profound satisfaction to find those special qualities so exquisitely expressed."
The poem "The Creation" was used in the 1951 film Five, serving as the soliloquy for the character Charles, played by African-American actor Charles Lampkin. Lampkin convinced film-maker Arch Oboler to include excerpts of the poem in the final script of Five where it would become Lampkin's soliloquy for their character Charles. This may be the first time that audiences in the USA, Latin America, and Europe were exposed to African-American poetry, albeit not identified as such in the film.
Poems
The book comprises eight poems:
"Listen, Lord — A Prayer" – an invocation
"The Creation" – A narrative retelling of the creation of human as told in the Bible. Instead of being a distant force, the Creator character is imbued with personality and speaks in familiar language.
"The Prodigal Son" – from the biblical parable of the prodigal son
"Go Down Death — A Funeral Sermon" – in which Jesus is depicted as sending their servant, Death, to bring to heaven a weary woman who is old and ready to die, so that they can rest
"Noah Built the Ark" – retelling the biblical stories of Adam and Eve, a story of how sin entered the world, and of Noah and the Great Flood sent to cleanse the earth
"The Crucifixion" – telling the story of Jesus' crucifixion
"Let My People Go" – telling the biblical story of Moses and their work freeing the Hebrew slaves from Egypt, which has often been the basis of comparisons to the African-American slavery experience in the United States
"The Judgment Day" – the prophetic story of the Apocalypse
Notes
Bibliography
.
.
.
External links
.
American poetry collections
1927 books
1927 poems
Works by James Weldon Johnson
African-American poetry
Under the Tonto Rim is a Western novel by Zane Grey first published in book form by Harper & Brothers in 1926. Prior to publication of the book the story had been serialized in 1925 as "The Bee Hunter" in Ladies' Home Journal (Feb–May 1925).
The book tells the story of a young lady, Lucy Watson, the daughter of a saloon-keeper. After their father's death Lucy takes a newly created position as Welfare Instructor among a community of backwoods people in Arizona.
A Grosset and Dunlap edition also appeared in 1926.
The New York Times describes the book as "frequently filmed",. The 1928 silent version was directed by Herman C. Raymaker and starred Richard Arlen and Mary Brian.
See also
Under the Tonto Rim (1928 film)
Under the Tonto Rim (1933 film)
Under the Tonto Rim (1947 film)
References
External links
1926 American novels
Novels by Zane Grey
Novels set in Arizona
Western (genre) novels
American novels adapted into films
Harper & Brothers books
Uttarakhand is a Himalayan state of India. This mountainous state contains, in its northern section, some of the highest mountain peaks in the world. Many of them are unclimbed; many are unnamed. A large number of peaks in Uttarakhand are still not open for climbing due to security reasons, as this region borders Tibet Autonomous Region of the People's Republic of China.
Highest major summits
Following is a list of the highest peaks of Uttarakhand with elevation over . Of the highest major summits of Uttarakhand, 2 peaks exceed , 13 other peaks exceed , further 89 peaks exceed and at least 100 other peaks exceed in elevation.
See also
Askot Musk Deer Sanctuary
Gangotri National Park
Govind Pashu Vihar National Park and Sanctuary
Kedarnath Wildlife Sanctuary
Nanda Devi National Park
Valley of Flowers National Park
References
Joydeep Sircar, Himalayan handbook, Calcutta 1979
The Alpine Club's Himalayan Index
Harish Kapadia, Across Peaks and Passes in Garhwal Himalaya, Indus Publishing,1999
Harish Kapadia, Across Peaks and Passes in Kumaun Himalaya, Indus Publishing,1999
Harish Kapadia and Soli Mehta, Exploring the Hidden Himalaya, Hodder and Stoughton, 1990,
E. T. Atkinson, The Himalayan Gazetteer
J. Patel, The Garhwal Kumaon Himalayas, Himalayan Club, Bombay, 1985.
Mohindar Singh Randhawa, The Kumaon Himalayas, Oxford and IBH, New Delhi, 1970.
01
.Uttarakhand
Uttarakhand
Mountains
Stan Puskas (born 16 February 1946) is a Czech former footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Career
Puskas played in the National Soccer League with London German Canadians. In 1971, they played in the North American Soccer League with Montreal Olympique. They made their debut for Montreal on 19 April 1971 against Atlanta Chiefs. After a season in the NASL they returned to former team London German Canadians, and managed to score a goal against the Serbian White Eagles FC. In 1973, they signed with league rivals London City.
They re-signed with London for the 1974 season, and for the 1975 season. In 1976, they played with the Windsor Stars.
Personal life
Puskas was the nephew to Ferenc Puskás.
References
Living people
1946 births
Association football goalkeepers
Czech footballers
Montreal Olympique players
London City players
Canadian National Soccer League players
North American Soccer League (1968–1984) players
Royal Natal National Park is a park in KwaZulu-Natal province, South Africa and forms part of the uKhahlamba Drakensberg Park World Heritage Site. Notwithstanding the name, it is actually not a South African National Park managed by the SANParks, but rather a Provincial Park managed by Ezemvelo KZN Wildlife. This park is now included in the Maloti-Drakensberg Transfrontier Conservation Area Peace Park.
The Drakensberg Mountains were once the hunting ground of the San people (bushmen). Though the San no longer live in the area, they recorded their exploits in the form of remarkable rock paintings.
The main features of the park are the Drakensberg Amphitheatre, a rock wall long by up to high, Mont-Aux-Sources peak where the Orange and Tugela rivers have their source, and the Tugela Falls, the world's highest waterfall. A distinctive rock feature and popular hiking destination in the park is the so-called "Policeman's Helmet".
See also
Tugela Falls Bergville
Ezemvelo KZN Wildlife
List of conservation areas of South Africa
References
External links
Royal Natal National Park accommodation
Royal Natal at KZN Wildlife
uKhahlamba Drakensberg Park at UNESCO World heritage
Ezemvelo KZN Wildlife Parks
Nature reserves in South Africa
National parks of South Africa
Tugela River
Charles Henry "Jim" Allen (born 15 August 1951) is a former Montserratian first-class cricketer who was a part of the World Series Cricket West Indies XI and is considered the greatest ever Montserrat sportsperson.
Born in Harris Village, Montserrat, to Handsome and Alberta Allen, Jim Allen starred in Montserrat cricket from a young age, making their debut for the Montserrat cricket team in the 1969 Leeward Islands Tournament, and scored their first century for Montserrat against St Kitts cricket team at Sturge Park, Montserrat in 1971.
Allen made their first-class debut on 15 January 1972 for the Leeward Islands against Windward Islands at Roseau, scoring one and 82. An attacking right-hand batsman with an unorthodox, open–chest, wide-legs batting stance, Allen was soon considered a more exciting batsman than their Leeward Islands teammate Vivian Richards.
Outside of cricket Allen worked as a bulldozer driver Allen became the first professional Montserratian sportsperson when they began playing in England during the northern summer, turning out for teams in the Lancashire and Cheshire cricket leagues. Allen's best season was 1976/77, where they scored 559 first-class runs at 50.81, with the highest score of 150.
World Series Cricket
Allen's good form led to a lucrative offer to join the World Series Cricket (WSC) competition when it commenced in Australia in late 1977. Recommended by West Indies captain Clive Lloyd, it took WSC owner Kerry Packer's representatives two months to find Allen, searching the West Indies and England before finding him.
The only member of the West Indian squad not to play Test cricket, Allen appeared in three SuperTests against the Australians but struggled, scoring a total of 44 runs with a high score of 20.
Back in the West Indies
Following the end of World Series Cricket, Allen returned to the West Indies for the 1978/79 season where they scored their highest first-class score of 161 against Jamaica. In 1978, Allen was awarded with an MBE (Member of the Order of the British Empire) for their services to cricket. Allen sustained an eye injury during a practice session in May 1981 and underwent surgery at Mount Sinai Hospital in New York. They were forced to wear contact lenses and returned during the 1981/82 season, although their runscoring ability fell from prior to the accident. They played three more years before retiring.
Allen made news in April 1982 when they failed to arrive in time for the final of the Geddes Grant/Harrison Line Trophy between the Leeward Islands and Barbados, leaving Leeward Islands officials scrambling for a replacement.
Upon their retirement, Allen had scored 3,067 first-class runs at 34.07. They also took three wickets at 30.00 with their right arm medium pace and took 42 catches and a stumping. For Montserrat, Allen scored four centuries.
Post-retirement
Since their retirement, an annual lecture series, held on their birthday, has been established in Montserrat to honour Allen. Additionally, a number of Montserratian artists have written poems about Allen and there are calls to name a local street or erect a statue of Allen in front of the government headquarters in the de facto Montserrat capital Brades. Allen's importance to Montserrat was encapsulated by local writer Professor Howard Fergus, who said "He (Allen) had made all Montserratians see, feel and know that they, in spite of all, could scale any height of achievement accomplished by those overbrimming with opportunity."
Allen's brother George Allen and son Davon Williams have both also played first-class cricket for the Leeward Islands.
References
Sources
Fergus, H. (1996) Gallery Montserrat: Some Prominent People In Our History, Canoe Press, Montserrat. .
World Series Cricket players
1951 births
Living people
Leeward Islands cricketers
Montserratian cricketers
British people of Montserratian descent
West Indian cricketers of 1970–71 to 1999–2000
The Price Daniel Unit is a state prison for men located in unincorporated Scurry County, Texas, near Snyder, owned by operated by the Texas Department of Criminal Justice. This facility was opened in August 1989, and a maximum capacity of 1384 male inmates held at various security levels.
References
Prisons in Texas
Buildings and structures in Scurry County, Texas
1989 establishments in Texas
Hot Cup of Talk is the second stand-up comedy special by stand-up comedian Kathy Griffin on HBO. It was televised live from the Variety Arts Theatre in Los Angeles, California on on HBO.
Track listing
Personnel
Technical and production
Scott Butler - associate producer
Sandy Chanley - producer
Michael D. Jones - production manager
Brian Hall - production coordinator
Doug Ramsey - technical director
Visuals and imagery
Marc Lamphear - film editor
Alex Fuller - art director
References
External links
Kathy Griffin's Official Website
Kathy Griffin albums
Stand-up comedy albums
1998 live albums
Peter Daly (27 September 1903 – 5 September 1937) was an Irish socialist and republican who fought in the Irish War of Independence as well as serving as a volunteer in the Spanish Civil War, where they died serving with the International Brigades.
Early life
Peter Daly was born in Liverpool on 27 September 1903 to Irish immigrants. Their family returned to County Wexford at the end of 1911, to the village of Monageer near Enniscorthy. Lar Daly, Peter's father, had been a founder of the Tom Clarke Society in Liverpool as well as a member of the Irish Republican Brotherhood. The influence of their father encouraged Peter to pursue their own Republican agenda, starting in their youth when they joined Na Fianna Éireann. This affiliation lead them to join the Anti-Treaty forces during the Irish Civil War, in which they were later captured and imprisoned for 17 months before being released after an 18-day hunger strike.
Following the civil war, Daly departed to England where after a stint of working odd jobs, they eventually joined the British army in 1926. Daly served for 4 years and reached the rank of Sergeant before being dishonourably discharged (in their absence) after it became apparent that they were smuggling small arms back to Ireland.
Following their return to Ireland, Daly became a training officer to local IRA units based in Wexford. By 1934 they had joined fellow left-wing militants in the Republican Congress, a Socialist and Republican organisation that featured the likes of Peadar O'Donnell, Frank Ryan and Michael O'Riordan. In 1936 civil war had broken out in Spain and the members of the Republican Congress became avid supporters of the Republican side of the conflict. Incensed by support for the Fascist forces in other parts of Irish society, particularly the support coming from Eoin O'Duffy's Blueshirts, the Congress was determined to send volunteers to the war just as the Blueshirts were doing. Amongst the Socialist volunteers would be Daly.
Spanish Civil War
Daly and their fellow Irish volunteers would eventually be placed in the Connolly Column, part of the Lincoln Battalion of the XV International Brigade and saw action beginning in 1937. They served as a section leader and company commander in the 20th Anglo-American Battalion of the 86th Mixed Brigade formed in March 1937. Because of their previous experience in both the Irish civil war and as part of the British army, Daly was used as an officer, rising quickly through the ranks, becoming a Captain after the Battle of Brunete. Theirs was 'a popular appointment'. Daly and their comrades would see action in the Battle of Pozoblanco as well as at Guernica before taking part in the Battle of Jarama and then fighting in the Aragon Offensive.
In late August 1937, Daly took part in the Battle of Belchite. Daly's unit was tasked with capturing the town of Quinto. As part of their orders, they were commanded on 25 August to capture Purburrel Hill, a height south of the town, on which 500 Rebel troops were entrenched behind barbed wire and concrete pill-boxes, fortified with input from German advisors. Finding themselves unsupported and outnumbered against the defenders, Daly's unit took heavy casualties and they were wounded in the abdomen. Daly was taken away for aid while their second in command, Paddy O'Daire took charge refusing the orders of their superior, Lieutenant Colonel Vladimir Ćopić, to continue the suicidal attack, keeping their men dug in on the exposed hillside until nightfall and safe withdrawal. On 26 August O'Daire, this time supported by the XV International Brigade's anti-tank battery, succeeded in breaking the enemy lines, leading to the capture of 300 troops. Daly was transferred to Benicassim Hospital near Valencia, however by 5 September 1937 they were overcome by their wounds and died.
There is a memorial in their home village of Monageer commemorating their life and struggle.
See also
Irish socialist volunteers in the Spanish Civil War
References
1903 births
1937 deaths
International Brigades personnel
Irish anti-fascists
Irish Republican Army (1922–1969) members
Irish people of the Spanish Civil War
Irish socialists
Military personnel killed in the Spanish Civil War
People from County Wexford
People of the Irish Civil War (Anti-Treaty side)
Dr. Prince Alex Harding (born in Freetown, Sierra Leone).
Harding was the Minister of Safety and Security from February 2001 to May 2002, when they became the Minister of Transport and Communications. They were also the secretary general of the Sierra Leone People's Party. Harding was suspended from their post on 5 June 2007.
Excellence Award
On 5 May 2007, Harding was given an "award of excellence" by the "Bookish Klan of the Milton Margai College of Education and Technology, Goderich Campus, for their "immense contribution to National Development" particularly in their capacity as Minister of Transport and Communication during which tenure Sierra Leone has witnessed "an impact growth" in telecommunications".
2007 helicopter crash
See 2007 Paramount Airlines helicopter crash for main article
On 3 June 2007, a helicopter owned by Paramount Airlines crashed at Lungi International Airport outside of Freetown, killing 22 people, including the Togo Minister of Sport, Richard Attipoe. The 22 people were returning from a football match in Freetown where Togo beat Sierra Leone 1–0 in African Cup of Nations qualifiers. Harding, as the Minister of Transport and Communications, was held responsible for the crash and was suspended pending a governmental investigation.
Sources
Minister suspended over air crash BBC News, 5 June 2007
Dr. Harding Gets Excellence Award in Sierra Leone Awareness Times, 8 May 2007
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Sierra Leone Creole people
People from Bo, Sierra Leone
Sierra Leone People's Party politicians
Government ministers of Sierra Leone
The Glory and Misery of Human Life () is a 1988 Finnish drama film directed and written by Matti Kassila starring Lasse Pöysti, Liisamaija Laaksonen and Tuula Nyman. It is based on the novel by F.E. Sillanpää.
The film is Jasper Pääkkönen's debut role, when they were seven years old at the time. The film also features Samuli Edelmann in one of their first film roles.
Plot
The film is starring writer Martti Hongisto (Lasse Pöysti), who goes out to meet Anna (Liisamaija Laaksonen) after loving their youth and reminiscing about their past youth. Meanwhile, Hongisto's wife Laimi (Tuula Nyman) is searching for their husband in restaurants.
Awards
Jussi 1989:
Best Actress (Liisamaija Laaksonen)
Best Supporting Actress (Tarja Keinänen)
Best Production Design (Ensio Suominen)
Best Original Score (Jukka Linkola)
References
External links
1980s Finnish-language films
1988 drama films
1988 films
Films directed by Matti Kassila
Films based on Finnish novels
Finnish drama films
Solar power in Texas, a portion of total energy in Texas, includes utility-scale solar power plants as well as local distributed generation, mostly from rooftop photovoltaics. The western portion of the state especially has abundant open land areas, with some of the greatest solar and wind potential in the country. Development activities there are also encouraged by relatively simple permitting and significant available transmission capacity.
Solar farms
The capacity of large solar farms in Texas has increased substantially in recent years. Facilities sized between 5 and 50 MW began to come online throughout the state between about 2010 and 2015. Since then, progressively larger farms have been constructed in the western counties, with the electricity being contracted by utilities which serve the more populated central and eastern regions. The three largest operating facilities as of 2018 are the 180 MW Upton farm in Upton County, and the 157 MW Roserock and 154 MW Buckthorn farms in Pecos County. Smaller installations by individuals, cooperatives, and businesses are also continuing to add significant capacity, with some top contractors in the state including Meridian Solar, Longhorn Solar, Axium Solar and Native.
Statistic
Installed capacity
Generation
Utility-scale
Using data available from the U.S. Energy Information Agency's Electric Power Annual 2017 and "Electric Power Monthly Data Browser", the following tables summarize Texas's solar energy posture.
Capacity factor for each year was computed from the end-of-year summer capacity.
2018 data is from Electric Power Monthly and is subject to change.
Distributed
Beginning with the 2014 data year, the Energy Information Administration (EIA) has estimated the distributed solar generation and distributed solar capacity. These non-utility-scale appraisals evaluate that Texas generated the following amounts of additional solar energy:
Potential
Covering half of the roof with 10% efficient photovoltaics is sufficient to generate all of the electricity used by an average family in Texas. Solar farms are more cost effective in West Texas, where insolation levels are greater. The US uses about of energy each year. This number is expected to be reduced by 50% by 2050, due to efficiency increases. Texas has the potential to generate 22,787 TWh/year, more than any other state, from 7.743 TW of concentrated solar power plants, using 34% of Texas, and 131.2 TWh/year from 97.8 GW of rooftop photovoltaic panels, 34.6% of the electricity used in the state in 2013. The 1,310-megawatt Samson Solar farm is under construction in northeastern Texas.
Texas electricity consumption in 2010 was 358.458 TWh, more than any other state, and 9.5% of the US total.
See also
Wind power in Texas
Solar power in the United States
Renewable energy in the United States
References
External links
Solar Energy Systems Dallas County
Texas Solar Energy Society
Solar maps: NREL annual and monthly, ERCOT1, ERCOT2, US installations
Energy in Texas
Texas
Solar power in Texas
As of March 28, 2013, Fraser Milner Casgrain combined with Salans and SNR Denton to form Dentons.
Fraser Milner Casgrain LLP (FMC) was a Canadian business, litigation and tax law firm. With more than 560 lawyers (175 litigators) it was the sixth largest law firm in Canada as well as the largest law firm in Western Canada. Until 1984, FMC was a fully integrated national partnership with offices in Montreal, Ottawa, Toronto, Edmonton, Calgary, and Vancouver. In 1985, Fraser Milner Casgrain (then known as Fraser and Beatty) underwent a major administration change. Terrence Young was appointed as Chief executive officer and they initiated FMC's expansion into Hong Kong, making FMC a multi-national law firm. Young served as CEO for 13 years, until the 1998 merger between Fraser and Beatty and Alberta-based law firm Milner Fenerty. On November 8, 2012, it was announced that FMC would combine with international law firms SNR Denton and Salans to form the 7th largest law firm in the world, by number of lawyers and professionals. FMC's most recent CEO before its second merge was Michel Brunet. They were appointed to the role of CEO in 2006 and previously served as Managing Partner of the FMC Montreal office.
History
For more than 170 years, Fraser Milner Casgrain LLP (FMC) grew organically and through mergers, the most notable being the 1998 merger between Fraser & Beatty (a Bay Street firm) and Milner Fenerty, to form Fraser Milner and its subsequent merger with Montreal-based Byers Casgrain in 2000 to form Fraser Milner Casgrain. The following list of dates can be found on FMC's website:
1839 — John Willoughby Crawford opens their law office in Toronto, the earliest predecessor of Fraser & Beatty.
1916 — George Hobson Steer joins the Edmonton law firm of Rutherford, Jamieson & Grant, a predecessor of Milner Fenerty, and the firm is renamed Rutherford, Jamieson, Grant & Steer.
1920 — Crombie, Worrell & Gwynne, Barristers, Solicitors, Notaries, a predecessor of Fraser & Beatty, becomes Worrell, Gwynne & Beatty, Barristers, Solicitors, Notaries.
1921 — Hyndman, Milner & Matheson, a predecessor of Milner Fenerty, becomes Hyndman, Milner, Matheson, Carr & Dafoe.
1945 — Milner, Steer, Poirier, Martland & Bowker, a predecessor of Milner Fenerty, becomes Milner, Steer, Dyde, Poirier, Martland & Bowker.
1980 — J. Donald Mawhinney, Q.C. and Howard J. Kellough, Q.C. establish Mawhinney & Kellough in Vancouver.
1985 — Terrence Young is appointed as CEO and they expand FMC's offices into Hong Kong.
1989 — The Supreme Court of Canada rules that national law firms are allowed to do business in Canada, a ruling that would set the stage for the union of Fraser & Beatty with Mawhinney & Kellough, and later with Milner Fenerty and Byers Casgrain. The case was one of the earliest to deal with the Charter of Rights and Freedoms.
1990 — Fraser & Beatty, Barristers & Solicitors, with offices in Toronto and Ottawa, merges with Mawhinney & Kellough in Vancouver under the name Fraser & Beatty. When Fraser & Beatty merged with Mawhinney & Kellough, it was one of the first law firm mergers in Canada after the 1989 ruling.
1991 — Milner Steer joins Fenerty Robertson, becomes Milner Fenerty.
1998 — Fraser & Beatty and Alberta-based Milner Fenerty, becomes Fraser Milner.
2000 — On June 6, Fraser Milner, with offices in Calgary, Edmonton, Toronto, Ottawa and Vancouver, merges with Byers Casgrain in Montréal to form Fraser Milner Casgrain.
2013 — On March 28, Fraser Milner Casgrain merges with SNR Denton and Salans to form Dentons.
References
External links
Fraser Milner Casgrain LLP (FMC) Website
Fraser Milner Casgrain S.E.N.C.R.L. (FMC) French Website
Defunct law firms of Canada
Law firms established in 1839
2013 disestablishments in Canada
Law firms disestablished in 2013
Canadian companies established in 1839
Froylan Gutierrez III (born April 27, 1998) is an American actor and singer, known for playing Nolan Holloway in Teen Wolf and Jamie Henson in Cruel Summer.
Early life
Gutierrez was born and raised in Highland Park, Texas and attended Booker T. Washington High School for the Performing and Visual Arts. After an agent saw them in a local play, they began submitting audition tapes in 2015.  They are of Caxcan and Mexican descent through their father.
Career
In 2017, they appeared in the final season of Teen Wolf and on the first season of One Day at a Time. They were one of the two narrators in the audiobook version of 2018 LGBT romantic comedy What If It's Us and its 2022 sequel Here's To Us. In 2019, they were cast in the second season of Hulu's television series Light as a Feather. In 2021, they co-starred in Freeform's teen drama Cruel Summer.
They released their first single, "Fix Me", in 2019.
Filmography
Film
Television
Discography
Singles
References
External links
1998 births
Living people
American television actors
Male actors from Dallas
21st-century American male actors
American male television actors
Hispanic and Latino American male actors
American people of Mexican descent
American people of Indigenous Mexican descent
Famous Game Designer Trading Cards are a series of trading cards first published by Flying Buffalo in 1992 that feature well-known game designers.
Contents
In 1992, Rick Loomis of Flying Buffalo put together a deck of low-budget trading cards featuring seven contemporary game designers who had been inducted into the GAMA Hall of Fame:
themselves
Frank Chadwick
Jim Dunnigan
Steve Jackson (the American game designer, not the British game designer)
Marc Miller
Redmond Simonsen
Greg Stafford.
When asked how they had chosen the seven designers, Loomis replied, "This first batch was selected by taking the first seven who sent me a photo!"
The 2½" x 3½" cards were originally printed in black and white and packaged in a ziplock bag. The front features a photo of the game designer, year of induction into the GAMA Hall of Fame, hometown, best- and worst-designed games, the person's favorite game designed by someone else, and a quote from the individual. The back of the card lists the person's game design credits, and game design career path to date.
The first batch of card were released at the combined Gen Con/Origins game convention in 1992, but Loomis admitted profit was not the main motivation of the designers involved: "We don't expect to make any money on these cards; we're doing it mostly so we can show our parents that we really are 'famous.'"
Later editions of the first set were printed in color, and three more sets of cards were eventually released.
Reviews
In the November 1992 edition of Dragon (Issue #187), Allen Varney, themselves a game designer, called the idea "fun", and said, "Here is one more honor to which the rest of us can aspire."
References
Trading cards
Runar Hauge (born 1 September 2001) is a Norwegian professional footballer who plays for League of Ireland club Dundalk, on loan from Hibernian, as a winger.
Club career
Hauge began their club career with Bodø/Glimt. In January 2022 they were linked with a transfer to Scottish club Hibernian. They signed for the club on 31 January. Hauge and Norwegian compatriot Elias Melkersen made their Hibernian debuts on 2 March 2022, both appearing as substitutes. Hauge was loaned to Irish club Dundalk in July 2022. They made their debut on 29 July 2022, in a 4–0 FAI Cup win over Longford Town at Oriel Park.
International career
Hauge is a Norway youth international.
Personal life
Hauge is the younger brother of Frankfurt player Jens Petter Hauge.
Career statistics
Honours
Club
Bodø/Glimt
Eliteserien (1): 2020
References
2001 births
Living people
Norwegian footballers
FK Bodø/Glimt players
Grorud IL players
Norwegian First Division players
Eliteserien players
Association football wingers
Norway youth international footballers
Sportspeople from Bodø
IL Stjørdals-Blink players
Hibernian F.C. players
Norwegian expatriate footballers
Norwegian expatriate sportspeople in Scotland
Expatriate footballers in Scotland
Scottish Professional Football League players
Dundalk F.C. players
Norwegian expatriate sportspeople in Ireland
Expatriate association footballers in the Republic of Ireland
League of Ireland players
The Twin () is a 1984 French comedy film directed by Yves Robert, starring Pierre Richard, Camilla More and Carey More. Based on Donald Westlake's novel Two Much, the story involves an indebted Frenchman who meets a pair of beautiful and rich American twin sisters. Inventing a twin brother, they manage to marry both and live their opulent lifestyle.
Its American/Spanish remake Two Much, starring Antonio Banderas and Melanie Griffith, was released in 1995.
Plot
Owner of a struggling business in Paris, Matthias Duval stakes all they have in a game of poker and loses. At a party they meet a beautiful young American, Liz, and they soon end up in bed. Next morning they say that they have a twin called Betty, to which they joke that they have a twin called Mathieu. When they meet Betty, they say they must meet their brother. Creating a different persona as "Mathieu", they start romancing Betty as well. What they do not know is that each sister must get married by the end of the year or they will lose their share of the fortune left by their parents. The lawyer in charge of the estate, Volpinex, warns Matthias to stay away from them.
Betty marries "Mathieu" secretly, and next morning as Matthias they decide they must break with Liz. They convince them to get engaged to them by the promise of 4,000 dollars a month plus sexual freedom. Using the latter clause, in persona as Matthias they spend a night with Liz. They fly them to the US to marry them there. Matthias then leaves Liz to go on an imaginary business trip to Japan, while "Mathieu" joins their wife Betty and their lonely sister in an isolated seaside house they own,
When the twins are out one night, the lawyer Volpinex appears. They have solid evidence that there is only one Matthias, who has married bigamously to defraud the parents' estate. In a struggle, Volpinex is accidentally shot and a fire accidentally started. "Mathieu" disappears, learning from the radio that the police believe the charred corpse to be theirs and that Volpinex, who has disappeared, must be the murderer. Hastily returning from Japan, Matthias resumes relations with their wife Liz and comforts the bereaved Betty. In fact, the girls knew of their duplicity all along and are happy to live as a ménage à trois.
Cast
Pierre Richard as Matthias Duval/"Matthieu Duval"
Jean-Pierre Kalfon as Ernest Volpinex
Camilla More than Betty Kerner
Carey More than Liz Kerner
Jacques Frantz as Ralph
Françoise Dorner as Marie
Andréa Ferréol as Evie
Jean-Pierre Castaldi as Charlie
Paul Le Person as the beggar
Isabelle Strawa as Nikki
Yves Robert as a man in the elevator (cameo appearance)
References
External links
Review at Films de France
Trailer at Commeaucimena.com
1980s French-language films
1984 romantic comedy films
1980s screwball comedy films
French sex comedy films
1984 films
French romantic comedy films
Films based on American novels
Films based on works by Donald E. Westlake
1980s sex comedy films
Films scored by Vladimir Cosma
1980s French films
Sree Veda Vyasa Temple is one of the major temples in India. It has Sree Veda Vyasa, the creator of the ancient epic Mahabharata, as the main deity (god of worship) and Sree Hanuman, the devotee of Sree Rama.
The temple is located in Neerattupuram near Chakkulathukavu Sree Bhagavathi Temple in Alappuzha District, Kerala, on the bank of the River Pampa.
References
Hindu temples in Alappuzha district
Maurice-Adolphe Gaidon (17 January 1928 – 14 November 2011) was the Roman Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Cahors, France.
Ordained to the priesthood in 1956, Gaidon became a bishop in 1973 retiring in 2004.
Notes
1928 births
2011 deaths
Clergy from Dijon
Bishops of Cahors
The 1997–98 SM-liiga season was the 23rd season of the SM-liiga, the top level of ice hockey in Finland. 12 teams participated in the league, and HIFK Helsinki won the championship.
Standings
Playoffs
Quarterfinals
Jokerit - Tappara 3:1 (6:3, 5:7, 3:1, 4:0)
TPS - Kiekko-Espoo 1:3 (5:1, 0:6, 1:4, 1:2)
HIFK - Ässät 3:0 (5:4, 8:2, 6:3)
Ilves - SaiPa 3:0 (10:2, 1:0, 5:1)
Semifinals
HIFK - Kiekko-Espoo 3:0 (3:0, 7:3, 6:0)
Ilves - Jokerit 3:0 (4:3, 4:2, 3:2)
3rd place
Jokerit - Kiekko-Espoo 8:0
Final
HIFK - Ilves 3:0 (2:0, 7:1, 2:1 OT)
Qualification
First round
Second round
External links
SM-liiga official website
1997–98 in Finnish ice hockey
Finnish
Liiga seasons
Back to Work: Why We Need Smart Government for a Strong Economy is a 2011 non-fiction book by former United States President Bill Clinton. Praise appeared in publications such as the Los Angeles Times and the New York Journal of Books, while publications such as The Guardian published more mixed reviews.
Contents
Clinton writes that the American government faces considerable challenges that it is fundamentally struggling to deal with, problems affecting culture and society as well as the current economy. They argue that Americans "have to get back in the future business." They specifically blame a mindset articulated by ideological conservatives and their allies in the modern Republican Party, particularly those connected to the Tea Party movement, for emphasizing cutting government spending and lowering regulations over what they see as pragmatic government actions that create economic growth and prosperity. Rather than having an inherently anti-government mindset that causes Americans to "hog-tie ourselves", Clinton states that they "need a strong, effective private sector and a strong, effective government that work together".
They describe various areas such as high-school graduations where the U.S. has fallen behind compared to other countries. Clinton concludes, "Over the last three decades, whenever we've given in to blame the government for all our problems, we've lost our commitment to shared prosperity, balanced growth, financial responsibility, and investment in the future." They criticize both American parties for not being up to the task of fighting the major economic slowdown, though they write from a lens of clear sympathy for President Barack Obama and the Congressional Democrats in the face of Republican opposition. "From 1981 to 2009," they write, looking back to the economy pre-recession, "the greatest accomplishment of the anti-government Republicans was not to reduce the size of the federal government but to stop paying for it."
In terms of specific policies, Clinton advocates changes such as raising the cap on Social Security taxes, reducing military-related spending, and reforming the payment system to medical providers in the Medicare and Medicaid programs. As well, they discuss fighting loopholes in the U.S. tax code, citing how ExxonMobil made $10.7 billion in profits during the second quarter of 2011 with an effective tax rate of only 17.6% (less than the average tax rate of 20.4% for individual Americans). They broadly write in support of the viewpoints of the bipartisan Simpson-Bowles Commission.
Reviews and response
The Guardian published a mixed review, with author Erik Tarloff arguing that "the book is almost devoid of human interest or any hint of the man's vivid, outsize personality" but also that Clinton had sounded "informed, high-minded, intelligent and persuasive" in making policy recommendations. They viewed parts of the book as "deadly dull" with others "shrewd and convincing", and they claimed that only "in a country whose notionally conservative party has gone so far off the rails would anyone even have bothered to write it." Tarloff also wrote, "Everything in it is worthy, but only a wonk (or a reviewer) would want to read it to the end."
Financial journalist Andrew Rosenbaum praised the work for the New York Journal of Books. They wrote, "President Clinton offers straightforward policy options, supported by statistics and documentation— and what a welcome bit of refreshment this is". They also lauded the book's "extremely detailed" points of policy advice.
The Los Angeles Times also published a supportive review. Reporter Carolyn Kellogg wrote that Clinton had authored "a book with the chutzpah that the Democrats have been missing." They also remarked,
Award nomination
The audiobook version of this book was nominated for the 55th Grammy Awards in the category of Best Spoken Word Album.
See also
Presidency of Bill Clinton
Simpson-Bowles Commission
Clintonomics
Giving: How Each of Us Can Change the World
References
External links
Discussion with Bill Clinton about Back to Work, November 8, 2011
2011 non-fiction books
Books by Bill Clinton
Books about economic policy
American political books
Non-fiction books about elections
Alfred A. Knopf books
Lute is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Modliborzyce, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Modliborzyce, north-west of Janów Lubelski, and south of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Lute
The Papuan babbler (Garritornis isidorei), New Guinea babbler or Isidore's rufous babbler, is a species of bird in the family Pomatostomidae.
It is found in New Guinea.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
References
BirdLife International 2004. Pomatostomus isidorei. 2006 IUCN Red List of Threatened Species. Downloaded on 26 July 2007.
Papuan babbler
Birds of New Guinea
Endemic fauna of New Guinea
Least concern biota of Oceania
Papuan babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Ascension is one of the largest private healthcare systems in the United States, ranking second in the United States by number of hospitals as of 2019. It was founded as a nonprofit Catholic system.
In 2018, it was the largest Catholic health system, with 165,000 employees, 151-hospitals, and $552.69 million in income from operations on revenue of $22.63 billion. , Ascension's CEO was Anthony Tersigni. By the end of 2021, Ascension had 142,000 employees and 142 hospitals.
Ascension has $15.5 billion in cash and operates a venture capital fund.
Company overview
Ascension is one of the largest nonprofit and Catholic health systems in the United States as of 2021. It operates more than 2,600 health care sites in 19 states and Washington, D.C., including 142 hospitals and 40 senior living facilities. It employs more than 142,000 people as of 2021. Ascension had an operating revenue of $27.2 billion at the end of fiscal year 2021. The company is led by president and CEO Joseph R. Impicciche and is headquartered in St. Louis, Missouri. at 4600 Edmundson Rd.
In addition to health and senior care facilities, Ascension also operates a for-profit venture capital subsidiary called Ascension Ventures, which invests in medical startups.
History
In 1999, the Daughters of Charity National Health System and Sisters of St. Joseph Health System merged to create Ascension Health. In 2012, the company underwent a restructuring and rebranding, dropping the "Health" moniker and going forward as Ascension. In the process, the company brought its subsidiaries under a national umbrella and renamed all its hospitals to include the Ascension name, which the company hope would improve clients' understanding of the system.
In 2014, the company partnered in opening the $2 billion Health City Cayman Islands project, and sold its stake in 2017.
In April 2016, a class-action lawsuit was brought in federal court, alleging that Ascension subsidiary Wheaton Franciscan Services (in Glendale, Wisconsin), erred by treating its pension plan as though it was a "church plan," exempt from the Employee Retirement Income Security Act ("ERISA"), a federal law governing employee pensions. In January, 2018, the parties announced a settlement, in which Ascension would pay $29.5 million to the plaintiffs.
Ascension announced plans to make changes to its business model in 2018, shifting away from a hospital-oriented business to one prioritizing outpatient care and telemedicine. The move was made in response to decreased government reimbursements, reduced profit margins, and higher costs of care.
In December 2018, the Attorney General of the District of Columbia brought suit against Ascension in an attempt to prevent the closure of the Providence Health System hospital, which served a low-income population but was financially unviable. Though the D.C. city council specifically passed an ordinance to give the city the power to block the closing, the suit was ultimately withdrawn by the Attorney General after reviewing plans for the hospital's closure.
In February, 2020, a jury awarded obstetrician/gynecologist Rebecca Denman, MD, $4.75 million in damages by an Indiana jury, after suing Ascension's St. Vincent Carmel Hospital and its St. Vincent Medical Group for defamation and fraud. The lawsuit arose from a December 2017 incident, in which Denman was accused of smelling like alcohol while on duty. Denman contended that they had been cheated out of the due process, as provided in the company substance-abuse policy, depriving them of a chance to establish their innocence, and retain their position.
In 2021, Ascension opened a pharmacy hub in Austin, Texas. The hub fills 5,000 prescriptions per shift and houses a "patient engagement center" designed to offer patients assistance with understanding their medication. Officials with the company have said they hope to reduce hospitalizations by improving at-home prescription management through the hub. In October that year, Ascension and AdventHealth announced the planned dissolution of their joint venture AMITA in 2022. Each system will retain the hospitals they originally contributed to the partnership.
Project Nightingale
The Wall Street Journal reported on a collaboration between Ascension and Google in 2019 to share health information about its patients with the technology company. Known as Project Nightingale, the stated purpose of the collaboration was to make it easier for physicians to access and search their patient records. The partnership drew criticism over privacy concerns and the potential for violations of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services opened an investigation into the project in 2020. Carson Schmit, a professor of public health at Texas A&M University, noted that the Nightingale Project could improve health outcomes, especially by gathering data from minorities that are underrepresented in clinical studies, but also raised the lack of a patient opt-out and the Project's unclear transparency and accountability processes as concerns.
Sites
The Ascension network, in 2018, included 151 hospitals. Several Ascension hospitals have been recognized for cardiovascular care, with three hospitals ranked in Fortune's 50 Best Cardiovascular Hospitals list in 2021.
Ascension Illinois, Illinois
Ascension Calumet Medical Center, Chilton, Wisconsin
Ascension DePaul Services, San Antonio
Ascension Mercy Medical Center, Oshkosh, Wisconsin
Ascension Michigan, Warren, Michigan
Ascension Providence, Mobile, Alabama
Ascension St. Elizabeth Hospital, Appleton, Wisconsin
Ascension St. Vincent Kokomo, Kokomo, Indiana
Brighton Hospital, Brighton, Michigan
Centro San Vicente, El Paso, Texas (community health center)
Columbia St. Mary's Hospital, Milwaukee
Lourdes Hospital, Binghamton, New York
Providence Healthcare Network, Waco, Texas
Sacred Heart Health System, Pensacola, Florida
Saint Agnes Hospital, Baltimore, Maryland
Saint Thomas Health, Nashville, Tennessee
Seton Healthcare Family, Austin, Texas
St. John Health System, Tulsa, Oklahoma
St. Vincent Health, Indiana
St. Vincent's HealthCare, Jacksonville, Florida
St. Vincent's Health System, Birmingham (Blount, Oneonta, East, and Pell City), Alabama
Via Christi Health, Wichita, Kansas
See also
Project Nightingale
Ascension Michigan
References
Christian charities based in the United States
Hospital networks in the United States
Catholic health care
Catholic charities
Religious corporations
1999 establishments in the United States
Companies based in St. Louis
Health care companies established in 1999
Healthcare in the United States
Privately held companies of the United States
Charities based in Missouri
Non-profit corporations
WJPT (106.3 MHz) is a commercial FM radio station licensed to Fort Myers, Florida. It airs a soft adult contemporary format, switching to Christmas music for much of November and December. WJPT is owned by the Beasley Broadcast Group, Inc., and uses the branding "Southwest Florida's Soft Hits." It carries two weekday nationally syndicated music shows, "Delilah" which features call-ins and requests, and "Intelligence for Your Life with John Tesh" which includes tips on living a better life.
Studios and offices are on South Tamiami Trail in Estero. The transmitter is off Safety Lane in Fort Myers Beach, Florida. WJPT broadcasts using HD Radio technology. Its HD-2 digital subchannel plays oldies music.
History
On , the station first signed on as WSUV. The original city of license was Fort Myers Villas and the studios were on Colonial Boulevard. The owner was Jerry Bellairs and their wife Vivian served as vice president of operations. The station had an adult contemporary format. In 1994, the call sign switched to WROC-FM with an album rock format. That only lasted a year.
The station was sold for $950,000 in 1994 and the following year, it changed its call letters to WJST. It aired a mix of adult standards and soft oldies for Southwest Florida's large retired community.
In 1997, the station was bought by Beasley Broadcasting for $5 million. Beasley updated the playlist to Soft AC. In 2000, it made a slight change in its call sign, becoming WJPT.
On September 25, 2008, the station changed its moniker to "Sunny 106.3". WJPT was originally licensed to broadcast with 6,000 watts on a tower measuring only tall. But around 2020, it boosted its power to 50,000 watts, broadcasting from a tower tall. WJPT now covers an area of Southwest Florida between Naples and Punta Gorda, and reaching into the Everglades.
Old logo
References
External links
JPT
Mass media in Fort Myers, Florida
Beasley Broadcast Group radio stations
Soft adult contemporary radio stations in the United States
1991 establishments in Florida
Radio stations established in 1991
Lai-Hka Township (), also known as Legya Township (), is the former capital of Laihka State, one of the former southern Shan States. The city has a population of over 60,000. It lays above sea level on the eastern border of Kesee and Nam Zang. In the south, it connects Panglong and Lui Lin. Its neighboring towns are Lokjok to the west and Merng Klueng to the north. The total area of ​​Lai-Hka Township is and is divided into 7 divisions. The rural part of the township is divided into four quarters. Agriculture is the main industry in Lai-Hka.
History
Lai-Hka Township has had a turbulent and unstable history, with conflicts between the Shan State Army-South (SSA-S) and the Burmese Army. In the first half of 2009, there were at least four battles every month and the SPDC retaliated against villagers by confiscating property, extortion and forced relocation.
At the end of July 2009, more than five hundred houses were burnt and 30 villages forcibly relocated in the township of Lai-Hka.
References
External links
Townships of Shan State
Loilen District
Solenn Colléter is a French novelist born in Paris in 1974.
Biography
Graduate from École nationale de l'aviation civile ("French civil aviation university" ; promotion 1993), they are aerospace engineer in Toulouse and lives in a commune of Aude department.
 They are the author of Je suis morte et je n'ai rein appris ("I am dead and I learned nothing" ; Éditions Albin Michel) relating to hazing in university studies.
Bibliography
Solenn Colléter, Lettres de sang sur la côte sauvage, Alain Bargain, 2005, 541 p. ()
Solenn Colléter, Je suis morte et je n'ai rien appris, Albin Michel, 2007, 359 p. ()
References
External links
Solenn Colléter on Albin Michel website
21st-century French non-fiction writers
1974 births
Living people
École nationale de l'aviation civile alumni
French aerospace engineers
21st-century French women writers
The 1961 All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship was the 31st staging of the All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association in 1928.
Kilkenny entered the championship as the defending champions.
On 3 September 1961 Kilkenny won the championship following a 3-13 to 0-15 defeat of Tipperary in the All-Ireland final. This was their second All-Ireland title in-a-row and their sixth title overall.
Results
Leinster Minor Hurling Championship
Munster Minor Hurling Championship
Ulster Minor Hurling Championship
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Semi-final
Final
External links
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship: Roll Of Honour
Minor
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Palatine (Irish: Na Cnoic Arda) is a village in County Carlow, Ireland. It lies mostly within the townlands of Knockarda and Killyshane, close to the County Kildare border.
"Palatinetown" is mentioned in A Topographical Dictionary of Ireland by Samuel Lewis, 1837:
Notes
Towns and villages in County Carlow
Sedgwick County (county code: SG) is located in the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the population was 523,824, making it the second-most populous county in Kansas. Its county seat is Wichita, the most populous city in the state.
History
Early history
For many millennia, the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Native Americans. From the 16th century to 18th century, the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America. In 1762, after the French and Indian War, France secretly ceded New France to Spain, per the Treaty of Fontainebleau. In 1802, Spain returned most of the land to France.
In 1803, most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase for 2.83 cents per acre. In 1848, after the Mexican–American War, the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo with Spain brought into the United States all or part of land for ten future states, including southwest Kansas. In 1854, the Kansas Territory was organized, and in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state.
19th century
Sedgwick County was founded in 1867, and named after John Sedgwick, who was a major general in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
In 1887, the Chicago, Kansas and Nebraska Railway built a branch line north–south from Herington to Caldwell. This branch line connected Herington, Lost Springs, Lincolnville, Antelope, Marion, Aulne, Peabody, Elbing, Whitewater, Furley, Kechi, Wichita, Peck, Corbin, Wellington, Caldwell. By 1893, this branch line was incrementally built to Fort Worth, Texas. This line is called the "OKT". The Chicago, Kansas and Nebraska Railway was foreclosed in 1891 and was taken over by Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railway, which shut down in 1980 and reorganized as Oklahoma, Kansas and Texas Railroad, merged in 1988 with Missouri Pacific Railroad, and finally merged in 1997 with Union Pacific Railroad. Most locals still refer to this railroad as the "Rock Island".
20th century
Sedgwick County was the setting for the murders committed by the BTK strangler from 1974 until 1991. Dennis Rader, an employee of the Sedgwick County city of Park City was arrested in early 2005 after they began sending incriminating letters taunting the police in 2004. They had not been heard from since 1979. Ken Landwehr of the Wichita Police Department led the task force which captured Rader, setting a new standard of serial crime detection in the process, which is still studied by police departments across the world. Rader is serving 10 life sentences at the El Dorado Correctional Facility in El Dorado.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.2%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Harvey County (north)
Butler County (east)
Cowley County (southeast)
Sumner County (south)
Kingman County (west)
Reno County (northwest)
Demographics
Sedgwick County is part of the Wichita, KS Metropolitan Statistical Area.
As of the census of 2000, there were 452,869 people, 176,444 households, and 117,688 families residing in the county. The population density was 453 people per square mile (175/km2). There were 191,133 housing units at an average density of 191 per square mile (74/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 79.38% White, 9.13% Black or African American, 1.11% Native American, 3.34% Asian, 0.06% Pacific Islander, 4.17% from other races, and 2.81% from two or more races. 8.04% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 176,444 households, out of which 34.40% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.70% were married couples living together, 10.90% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.30% were non-families. 28.20% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.70% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.14.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 28.20% under the age of 18, 9.50% from 18 to 24, 30.30% from 25 to 44, 20.60% from 45 to 64, and 11.40% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.80 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.20 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $42,485, and the median income for a family was $51,645. Males had a median income of $37,770 versus $26,153 for females. The per capita income for the county was $20,907. About 7.00% of families and 9.50% of the population were below the poverty line, including 11.90% of those under age 18 and 7.00% of those age 65 or over.
Economy
It is the birthplace of famous restaurants such as White Castle and Pizza Hut. It is also the aviation headquarters of well known Cessna and Learjet.
Government
Presidential elections
Sedgwick County is fairly conservative for an urban county. It has only gone Democratic in a presidential election once since 1944. Democratic strength is concentrated in Wichita, while the suburban areas are strongly Republican. However, the county often backs Democrats for governorship - most recently Laura Kelly in 2018. This makes it a bellwether in local Kansas elections, with the statewide winner almost always winning the county. The last Democratic Senate candidate to win the county was Bill Roy in 1974, while Kansas as a whole has not been represented by a Democrat in the Senate since 1938.
Laws
Sedgwick County was a prohibition, or "dry", county until the Kansas Constitution was amended in 1986 and voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30 percent food sales requirement. The food sales requirement was removed with voter approval in 1988.
The county voted "No" on the 2022 Kansas Value Them Both Amendment, an anti-abortion ballot measure, by 58% to 42% despite backing Donald Trump with 54% of the vote to Joe Biden's 43% in the 2020 presidential election.
Transportation
Airports
The following public-use airports are located in Sedgwick County:
Wichita Dwight D. Eisenhower National Airport (ICT)
Beech Factory Airport (BEC)
Cessna Aircraft Field (CEA)
Colonel James Jabara Airport (AAO)
Cook Airfield (K50)
Maize Airport (70K)
Westport Airport (71K)
Westport Auxiliary Airport (72K)
The following are closed airports:
Riverside Airport (K32)
Education
Colleges and universities
Friends University
Kansas College of Osteopathic Medicine
Newman University
University of Kansas School of Medicine
WSU Tech
Wichita State University
Unified school districts
Wichita USD 259
Derby USD 260
Haysville USD 261
Valley Center USD 262
Mulvane USD 263
Clearwater USD 264
Goddard USD 265
Maize USD 266
Renwick USD 267
Cheney USD 268
Points of interest
Sedgwick County Extension Arboretum
Sedgwick County Zoo
Sedgwick County Fair
Wichita-Sedgwick County Historical Museum
INTRUST Bank Arena
Communities
Cities
Andale
Bel Aire
Bentley
Cheney
Clearwater
Colwich
Derby
Eastborough
Garden Plain
Goddard
Haysville
Kechi
Maize
Mount Hope
Mulvane‡
Park City
Sedgwick‡
Valley Center
Viola
Wichita (county seat)
Unincorporated places
†This populated place is designated a Census-Designated Place (CDP) by the United States Census Bureau.
Anness
Bayneville
Clonmel
Furley†
Greenwich†
McConnell AFB†
Oaklawn-Sunview†
Peck†‡
Schulte
St. Marks†
Sunnydale
Trails View (formerly Spasticville)
Ghost towns
Davidson
Hatfield
Huckle
Jamesburg
Marshall
Oatville
Wichita Heights
Townships
Sedgwick County is divided into twenty-seven townships. The cities of Bel Aire and Wichita are considered governmentally independent and are excluded from the census figures for the townships. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size. The county use to have one more township, Wichita Township, but it no longer exists.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Sedgwick County, Kansas
Chisholm Trail
References
Notes
Further reading
Wichita : Illustrated History 1868 to 1880; Eunice S. Chapter; 52 pages; 1914. (Download 3MB PDF eBook)
History of Wichita and Sedgwick County Kansas : Past and present, including an account of the cities, towns, and villages of the county; 2 Volumes; O.H. Bentley; C.F. Cooper & Co; 454 / 479 pages; 1910. (Volume1 - Download 20MB PDF eBook),(Volume2 - Download 31MB PDF eBook)
Standard Atlas of Sedgwick County, Kansas; Geo. A. Ogle & Co; 78 pages; 1905.
Historical Atlas of Sedgwick County, Kansas; John P. Edwards; 50 pages; 1882.
External links
County
Sedgwick County - Directory of Public Officials
Historical
Wichita-Sedgwick County Historical Museum
Maps
Sedgwick County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1867 establishments in Kansas
Wichita, KS Metropolitan Statistical Area
Populated places established in 1867
John Newsinger (born 21 May 1948) is a British historian and academic, who is an emeritus professor of history at Bath Spa University.
Newsinger is a book reviewer for Race & Class and the New Left Review.  They are also author of numerous books and articles, as well as studies of science fiction and of the cinema. They teach on both undergraduate and postgraduate courses.
Newsinger assisted as a historical consultant on the BBC TV series on Scotland and the Empire. They have been guest speaker at the Folkestone Literary Festival (2006), guest speaker at the Brighton Holocaust Memorial Conference and Plenary Speaker at the Socialist Historians' Conference in London (2007).  They are a member of the following historical societies: Society for the Study of Labour History; Irish Labour History Society; Military History Society of Ireland; and the US Military History Society.
Newsinger is a member of the Socialist Workers Party, speaking at their Marxism Festival in 2014 and participated in meetings for the Socialist Alliance.
Education
B.A., University of Hull,
M.A., University of Leicester.
Bibliography
Fenianism in Mid-Victorian Britain (1994)
Dangerous Men: The SAS and Popular Culture (1997)
Shaking the World: John Reed's Revolutionary Journalism (editor) (1999)
Orwell's Politics (1999)
The Dredd Phenomena: Comics and Contemporary Society (1999)
United Irishman: The Memoirs of James Hope (editor) (2000)
British Intervention and the Greek Revolution (2002)
British Counterinsurgency: from Palestine to Northern Ireland (2002) [second edition:2015]
Rebel City: Larkin, Connolly and the Dublin Labour Movement (2004)
The Blood Never Dried: A People's History of the British Empire (2006) [second edition:2013]
Cambridge Companion to George Orwell (2007) - a chapter on George Orwell and the Holocaust
America Right or Wrong: The Labour Party and Uncle Sam's Wars (2009)
Fighting Back - the American Working Class in the 1930s (2012).
Jim Larkin and the Great Dublin Lockout of 1913 (2013).
Them and Us : Fighting the Class War 1910–1939 (2015).
Sylvia Pankhurst, the Easter Rising and the Woman's Dreadnought (2016)
The Revolutionary Journalism of Big Bill Haywood : On the picket line with the IWW (2016).
1917: Russia's Red Year (with Tim Sanders) (2016)
Hope Lies in the Proles: George Orwell and the Left (2018).
Boris Johnson: A Dangerous Man (2019)
Chosen By God: Donald Trump, the Christian Right and American Capitalism (2020)
A Rebel's Guide to George Orwell (2021)
References
External links
John Newsinger Internet Archive
John Newsinger archive at Socialist Review
Living people
Alumni of the University of Hull
Alumni of the University of Leicester
Academics of Bath Spa University
British historians
British Marxists
British Jews
Socialist Workers Party (UK) members
1948 births
Colonel Sir Vivian Dering Majendie, (18 July 1836 – 25 March 1898) was a British engineer who was one of the first bomb disposal experts. They served as Chief Inspector of Explosives to Queen Victoria from 1871 until their death in 1898.
Biography
The son of Major John Routledge Majendie (1801–1850) and their wife, Harriet Mary Dering (1806–1893), and the grandson of Henry Majendie, the Bishop of Bangor, Vivian Majendie was educated at Leamington College before joining the Royal Artillery in 1854. Promoted to second lieutenant on 23 October 1854, they saw action during the Crimean War and the Indian Mutiny. From 1861 to 1871 Majendie served as Captain Instructor and Assistant Superintendent at the Royal Arsenal at Woolwich. In 1871 they were appointed Chief Inspector of Explosives, a position they held until their death in 1898. They were the President of the Association of Mining Engineers and was one of the first bomb disposal experts.
In 1871 Majendie led the enquiry into the Stowmarket Guncotton Explosion. As a major in the Royal Artillery Majendie investigated an explosion on 2 October 1874 in the Regent's Canal when the barge 'Tilbury', carrying six barrels of petroleum and five tons of gunpowder blew up, killing the crew and destroying Macclesfield Bridge and cages at nearby London Zoo. They were appointed a Companion of the Order of the Bath (CB) in 1875 for framing a Bill which became 'The Explosives Act, 1875', and a Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath in 1895. Their advice during the Fenian dynamite campaign of 1881–85 was officially recognised as having contributed to the saving of lives. After Victoria Station was bombed on 26 February 1884 they defused a bomb with a clockwork mechanism which might have gone off at any moment.
In October 1886 Majendie visited the United States to observe the petroleum industry there and to examine the regulations regarding storage and distribution of that product. A caricature of Majendie by Leslie Ward ('Spy') appeared in Vanity Fair on 23 April 1892. Their publications included Up Among the Pandies (1859), Ammunition. A Descriptive Treatise on the Different Projectiles, Charges, Fuses, Rockets, &c. (1867), The Arms and Ammunition of the British Service (1868), and The Official Guide to the Explosives Act (1877).
Majendie married Adelaide Frances Grylls (1841–1866) and had two children, a daughter and Captain Henry Grylls Majendie (1865–1900) who was killed during the Boer War while serving with the Rifle Brigade.
Vivian Dering Majendie died of heart failure in 1898 while visiting their sister in Oxford.
Controversy
Majendie was known for their strong attitudes towards native peoples during their tenure as artillery officer in the Indian Rebellion of 1857. They swore at and beat native servants, and referred to them as "sun-dried niggers".
References
External links
'Death of Colonel Majendie' in the National Library of New Zealand website
The Majendie Family Crest on My Family Silver website
1836 births
1898 deaths
British colonels
Graduates of the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich
Royal Artillery officers
British Army personnel of the Crimean War
British military personnel of the Indian Rebellion of 1857
Knights Commander of the Order of the Bath
Bomb disposal personnel
The Giles family is a fictional British family created by cartoonist Carl Giles at the end of World War II, appearing first on 5 August 1945.
Much of Giles's World War II work had been cartoons featuring Adolf Hitler, Benito Mussolini and the typical British Tommy, but they felt the need to expand after the War, hence the family. The format was a single-panel cartoon, published daily in the Daily Express and Sunday Express newspapers from 1945 until 1991. An annual collection was published each Christmas.
Characterisation
The family belongs to the better-off British working class and is usually seen living in a semi-detached house. The scenes in which they are depicted usually comment on a topic headlining the news of the day. The Giles family is patriotic but suspicious of authority. The ages of the family members remained the same throughout the 46-year run of the cartoon series, but their home, their hobbies and their dress reflected the changing British fashions and standard of living.
The Giles family consists of the following:
Grandma, the most distinctive character of the series. Always present but rarely given a direct voice.  They are the ultimate head of the family (despite what Father may think).  They are seen using such things as skis, a motorbike, a hang glider, a Sinclair C5, and playing the tuba. A proper battle-axe of a woman, who is crossed at one's peril.
Father, Grandma's son. A mild and philosophical character. Still deludedly regards themselves as the head of the family. They work, but it's never revealed where.  They are passionate about boats, football, racing, fishing, betting, and hiding from the younger, louder family members. Would do anything for a quiet life and is often seen lounging in the garden.
Mother, the power behind the dynasty: they organise everyone else. Cheerfully tackles endless housework and mountains of cooking for the extended Giles family. People mostly tend to do as they tell them.
George, Mother and Father's elder son, is an avid reader and is very rarely seen without a book in their hands. Smokes a Sherlock Holmes style pipe and wears a beret and sandals. Absent in later cartoons.  They are married to the skinny bespectacled Vera who constantly suffers from a cold. They have one baby son, George Jr.
Ann, the eldest daughter, and their babies, the twins, Lawrence and Ralph. The twins' absent father is a G.I.
Carol, blonde daughter, always seen lounging about reading magazines.
Ernie, the younger son. A smaller version of Father in looks and attitude, but with a child's cheekiness.
Bridget, the youngest daughter. Wears a gymslip and has never been in any trouble because they never gets caught.
Grandma's Parrot, called Attila the Hun.
Butch The dog, a shaggy Airedale terrier.
Second dog, a Border collie.
Natalie, a black cat.
Larry (aka "Stinker"), the mop-haired kid from next door. When not up to mischief they can be seen with a camera recording the mischief or embarrassing situations involving others. Said to be the alter ego of Giles himself.
Chalkie the schoolmaster, a humourless, walking-skeleton of a man. Modelled on one of Giles's own teachers, they are Giles's revenge for what they felt was unfair treatment at school.
Vera- perpetually ill
Cultural legacy
There is a statue of Grandma in Queen Street in Ipswich, England where they stand looking up at the newspaper office window where Carl Giles used to work. Grandma made a cameo appearance in DC Comics' Superman: True Brit and Alan Moore's League of Extraordinary Gentlemen: Black Dossier. The appearance of Mrs. Henriot-Gulch in the comic Cerebus is closely based on Grandma.
In the 1980s the family appeared in television cartoon advertisements for Lyons Quick Brew tea, one of which included Grandma racing around on their motorbike.
References
Sources
Carl Giles Biography British Cartoon Archive, University of Kent. Accessed April 2008.
External links
The Giles Family (Not working 28.08.2012)
Giles cartoon database
British comic strips
Comics characters introduced in 1945
1945 comics debuts
1991 comics endings
British comics characters
Fictional families
Comics about married people
Gag-a-day comics
Gag cartoon comics
Comics set in the United Kingdom
Fictional British people
Daily Express
The Bishop of Tuam, Killala and Achonry is the Church of Ireland Ordinary of the united Diocese of Tuam, Killala and Achonry in the Province of Armagh. The present incumbent is the Right Reverend Patrick Rooke.
The bishop has two episcopal seats (Cathedra): St. Mary's Cathedral, Tuam and St Patrick's Cathedral, Killala. There had been a third, St. Crumnathy's Cathedral, Achonry, but it was deconsecrated in 1998 and is now used for ecumenical events.
Following the retirement in January 2011 of the Right Reverend Richard Henderson, it was proposed that no successor be elected immediately, so as to give a committee time to consider the future of the diocese; this proposal was, however, defeated on 5 March 2011 at a special meeting of the Church of Ireland General Synod called to consider the suggestion. A successor was accordingly elected.
List of bishops
See also
Archbishop of Tuam
Bishop of Killala and Achonry
Bishop of Killala
Bishop of Achonry
References
Tuam, Killala and Achonry
Bishop
Tuam
Sinema is the second studio album by the Christian hip hop musician Swoope, released on August 5, 2014, by Collision Records. It is a follow-up to Wake Up. Highly praised by critics, the album reached No. 3 on the U.S. Christian Albums chart, No. 1 on the Gospel chart, and No. 4 on the Rap Albums chart.
Critical reception
Sinema met with critical acclaim. On behalf of Jesus Freak Hideout, Mark Rice gave the album a full five stars, writing that "...if there is any justice in the world, Sinema will mark the big break for both Swoope and Collision Records thanks to it being one of the best hip hop albums released in recent memory". Jeffery Scott of The Christian Post also scored the album favorably, giving it eight out of ten and writing, "From top to bottom, it is a solid effort in storytelling and conveying the struggle all believers have with sin." Writing for Rapzilla, Nyon Smith considered the album a worthwhile listen, as it asks hard questions that cause the listener to examine themselves as to what selfish desires they hold, but qualified that overall, they consider Swoope's previous album, Wake Up, as a whole, a better album than Sinema.
Dwayne Lacy of New Release Tuesday gave the album four stars out of five, concluding, "The album requires a dedicated listen from start to finish getting the concept, and if you do that, it will be an enriching experience." Indie Vision Music'''s Anthony Peronto gave the album a perfect score, cwriting, "It may take a few spins to recognize it, but Sinema may be Swoope's true magnum opus. For now it remains the defining artistic statement of the Christian's struggle with sin. And so far, most likely the best full-length hip hop album of 2014. I give it two thumbs up!" On behalf of Cross Rhythms, Steve Hayes rated the album a full ten squares and described it as an ambitious concept album. Calvin Moore of The Christian Manifesto rated the album four-and-a-half stars out of five, and noted that while the lyrical material is not easy listening, Sinema is still an excellent project, and though Swoope sounds very similar to Kanye West, they are "coming into theirs own".
Commercial performance
For the Billboard charting week of August 23, 2014, Sinema'' charted at No. 3 on the Christian Albums and No. 1 on the Top Gospel Albums charts, No. 4 on the Rap Albums, and No. 6 on the Independent Albums chart. It also hit number 55 on the Billboard 200.
Track listing
Charts
References
Hip hop albums by American artists
Jenn Vix (born February 4, 1967) is an American solo electronic-rock singer, songwriter, producer, and recording engineer, who has ventured into other genres including alternative rock, trip hop, darkwave, modern new wave and electro-industrial.
Early life
Born in Providence, Rhode Island, they spent their teen years in New York City.
Career
In 1984, Vix performed in Disco Donut, a one-off band, singing back-up, along with singer/songwriter Nicole Willis from Nicole Willis & The Soul Investigators, Adam Horovitz of The Beastie Boys on bass, musician Phil Painson on drums and investigative journalist David Strahan on guitar.
Jenn Vix
Vix's first solo release was Jenn Vix, a self-titled album of 8 tracks on their own label, Umbrella, which was officially released in January 1995, through a New York–based distributor. Later it was sold on CDBaby, one of the first artists on that site. Rolling Stone gave the album 3.5 stars, saying "Vix sounds perpetually enraptured. And the Rhode Island multi-instrumentalist has reason to be. Them music--clear, simple melodies awash in echo--is all dreaminess and shuddering, and from inside its swirl, their voice wafts up lightly. Catchy but ."
The February 1995 CMJ New Music Monthly included Vix's song "Devils Chasing Angels," saying: "Vix played virtually all the instruments on their self-titled debut album (Umbrella). 'Devils Chasing Angels' is an airy, dreamy pop song, with wisps of synthesizers coiled around tendrils of Vix's trademark watery bass sound."
Hope Springs Nocturnal
Vix's second release was Hope Springs Nocturnal, officially released in October 1998 (rather than 2000 as listed on AllMusic). It is a longer release of 18 tracks.
3
Vix's third release was titled "3" and it has 10 tracks including "Doll Heart" and "Broken Angels Singing." It was released on Nov 1, 2003.
Strange Buildings
Vix's eleventh release was a five-track EP titled "Strange Buildings." It features two collaboration tracks, "The Woman with No Fear" and "Weirdo", with the original guitarist of The Psychedelic Furs, John Ashton. It was released on Bandcamp on November 16, 2015, and then officially released on November 17, 2015. Popdose said of Strange Buildings: "Vix's voice is a wonderful instrument on its own; warm and embracing...she's onto something truly special."
Unlocked
Vix's EP Unlocked, released in 2017 received a 5-Star rating on music-news.com. The 5 track album was celebrated for "serving up a brimming bowl of postmodern broth for your delectation." The song "unlocked" features John Ashton, original guitarist of The Psychedelic Furs. The album was co-produced by Danny Chavis of shoegaze pioneers The Veldt. The album also features the single "Complicated Man."
Singles
In 2010, Vix released a single track titled "Vampires", first exclusively at CDBaby, then in wide release.
On January 24, 2012, Vix released a fourth single track, titled "In the House of Dark Shadows". It is a collaboration with Reeves Gabrels, former guitarist for David Bowie and Tin Machine, and current guitarist of The Cure.
In 2012, Vix released a single track titled “Sick” on March 14. A year later they released a sixth single titled "Speed Of Light", their second collaboration with Reeves Gabrels. The release date was April 22, 2013.
Them seventh release was a single track collaboration with Andy Anderson, former drummer of The Cure, Iggy Pop and Hawkwind, and guitarist Mark Montalto. The track title is "Eyes Roll Back"; Popdose praised the song saying Vix's "voice is striking; warm, enveloping and emotional." The official release date was June 29, 2015, and it was pre-released on Bandcamp on March 13. It blends post-punk guitars and drums with light and sensual synthesizers.
Them eighth release was a double single, titled "F*ck, Rinse, Repeat" and "Burn." Both tracks are a collaboration with Dirk Ivens, Belgian electro-industrial pioneer from the bands Absolute Body Control, Dive, and The Klinik. Vix‘s ninth release was a single track titled "I Don't Trust You". This is yet another collaboration with the former drummer of The Cure, Andy Anderson. Pre-released on Bandcamp on June 17, 2015, then officially released on June 29, 2015, "I Don't Trust You" opts for a dark synthpop meets trip-hop approach "which frame Vix's Annie Lennox style vocals very nicely. It is a much more complex, intriguing and engaging track that more appropriately shows off the depth of Vix's songwriting skills." The tenth release was a single track, titled "Hands On My Heart (Waiting)." It was released on August 29, 2015 on Bandcamp.
Other projects
Vix has also contributed vocals and music tracks for Bob Robertson's singing skeleton group, Sindy Skinless and the Decomposers, featured on YouTube.
In January 2016, Jenn Vix performed the tracks "Strange Buildings", "Unlocked" and "The Woman With No Fear" live for WBRU's Home BRU'd; the radio station said "knows how to create an atmosphere," offering "beautiful lyrics" with "the Massive Attack influence...evident in the echoing drums." They were accompanied by Paul LF and John Ashton.
They were on the cover of Boston, MA, Noise magazine, and was the feature story; feature 291, April 22, 2009.
The video for "Vampires" was animated by cartoonist and writer, Scott Bateman.
In September 2014, Vix collaborated on a single track with guitarist Marco Pirroni, formerly of Adam and the Ants, Rema Rema and The Models. The track is a cover version of Shirley Collins' "Turpin Hero" and it is featured on the digital download of the compilation album "Shirley Inspired", official UK releases date 8 June 2015.
They have also contributed three tracks to the PBS (New England) series "Hit and Run History", featuring Andrew Giles Buckley.
Vix also recorded vocals on tracks by Rodney Linderman, known as Rodney Anonymous, of the band The Dead Milkmen in 2014.
Shy Child sampled Vix on their 2010 album, Liquid Love; The Guardian said the "Jenn Vix narrative ('I used to be in bands...') recalls how the Orb used a Rickie Lee Jones conversation in Little Fluffy Clouds."
Discography
Albums
Jenn Vix - 1995
Hope Springs Nocturnal – 1998
3 - November 1, 2003
Strange Buildings - 2015
Unlocked - 2017
6 EP - 2019
Singles
Vampires - 2010
Sick - 2012
PTSD - 2021
Collaboration
Reeves Gabrels - In the House of Dark Shadows - 2012
“Speed of Light" - 2013
Andy Anderson – Eyes Roll Back - 2015
“I Don't Trust You - 2015
Dirk Ivens - F*ck, Rinse, Repeat and “Burn - 2013
John Ashton - The Woman With No Fear and Weirdo on the EP, Strange Buildings - 2015
Feeney Vix - Orange Is The Color Of Our Discontent - 2020
References
Musicians from Providence, Rhode Island
American women songwriters
Songwriters from Rhode Island
Anna-Maria Reich, née Fiegert (born 3 April 1994) is a German ice hockey player for the Minnesota Blue J's and the German national team.
They participated at the 2015 IIHF Women's World Championship.
Career statistics
NCAA
German national team
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Minnesota State Mavericks women's ice hockey players
German women's ice hockey defencemen
German expatriate ice hockey people
German expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Minnesota Whitecaps players
Sportspeople from Landshut
Ice hockey players at the 2012 Winter Youth Olympics
Justice Watts may refer to:
Joseph M. Watt, associate justice of the Oklahoma Supreme Court
Richard C. Watts, associate justice of the South Carolina Supreme Court
Shirley M. Watts, judge of the Maryland Court of Appeals
Face to Face is a 1951 British TV movie starring Diana Dors. It was performed live on the BBC on 30 January 1951 and was the first TV role for Dors. It was written by Emery Bonnett.
Plot
Angel, a young stage performer in a song and dance act, falls in love with a rich older business person. This upsets the business person's grown-up children.
Cast
Norman Tyrell as an author
Diana Dors as Angel
Robert Ayres as Craig Brown
John Baker as A doorman
John Gatrell as Vincent Granam
Sarah Lawson (actor) as Myrtle Beringer
Thea Holme as Grace Hassett
Sonia Moray as A telegraph girl
Elizabeth Gray as Serena Pentonville
John Benson as Richard Beringer
Claude Bonser as Blake
Julian D'Albie as Arthur Beringer
References
External links
Face to Face at IMDb
Face to Face at BFI
1951 television films
1951 films
British television films
1897 in sports describes the year's events in world sport.
American football
College championship
College football national championship – Penn Quakers
Professional championships
Western Pennsylvania champions – Greensburg Athletic Association
Association football
England
The Football League – Aston Villa 47 points, Sheffield United 36, Derby County 36, Preston North End 34, Liverpool 33, Sheffield Wednesday 31
FA Cup final – Aston Villa 3–2 Everton at Crystal Palace, London.
Aston Villa becomes the second club to complete The Double in English football
Scotland
Scottish Football League – Hearts
Scottish Cup – Rangers 5–1 Dumbarton at Hampden Park
Athletics
John J. McDermott wins the first running of the Boston Marathon, then known as the B.A.A. Road Race
USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships
Australian rules football
VFL Premiership
Formation of Victorian Football League (now Australian Football League) with initial clubs being Carlton, Collingwood, Essendon, Fitzroy, Geelong, Melbourne, St Kilda and South Melbourne
Essendon wins the 1st VFL Premiership (under the finals system used this year only, no Grand Final is played)
Baseball
National championship
Boston Beaneaters wins the National League championship
Events
Temple Cup – Baltimore Orioles 4–1 Boston Beaneaters
Boxing
Events
17 March — Bob Fitzsimmons knocks out James J. Corbett in the 14th round to win the World Heavyweight Championship in the first championship fight ever captured on film.
Lineal world champions
World Heavyweight Championship – James J. Corbett → Bob Fitzsimmons
World Middleweight Championship – title vacant
World Welterweight Championship – Tommy Ryan
World Lightweight Championship – George "Kid" Lavigne
World Featherweight Championship – George Dixon → Solly Smith
World Bantamweight Championship – Jimmy Barry
Cricket
Events
Two English teams toured the West Indies under A A Priestley and Lord Hawke
A Philadelphian team tours England
England
County Championship – Lancashire
Minor Counties Championship – Worcestershire
Most runs – Bobby Abel 2099 @ 44.65 (HS 250)
Most wickets – Tom Richardson 273 @ 14.45 (BB 8–49)
Wisden Five Cricketers of the Year – Frederick Bull, Willis Cuttell, Frank Druce, Gilbert Jessop, Jack Mason
Australia
Sheffield Shield – New South Wales
Most runs – Jack Lyons 404 @ 57.71 (HS 113)
Most wickets – Tom McKibbin 44 @ 14.88 (BB 8–74)
India
Bombay Presidency – Europeans
South Africa
Currie Cup – Western Province
West Indies
Inter-Colonial Tournament – Barbados
Figure skating
World Figure Skating Championships
World Men's Champion – Gustav Hügel (Austria)
Golf
Major tournaments
British Open – Harold Hilton
U.S. Open – Joe Lloyd
Other tournaments
British Amateur – Jack Allan
US Amateur – H. J. Whigham
Horse racing
England
Grand National – Manifesto
1,000 Guineas Stakes – Chelandry
2,000 Guineas Stakes – Galtee More
The Derby – Galtee More
The Oaks – Limasol
St. Leger Stakes – Galtee More
Australia
Melbourne Cup – Gaulus
Canada
Queen's Plate – Ferdinand
Ireland
Irish Grand National – Breemount's Pride
Irish Derby Stakes – Wales
USA
Kentucky Derby – Typhoon II
Preakness Stakes – Paul Kauvar
Belmont Stakes – Scottish Chieftain
Ice hockey
Stanley Cup
Montreal Victorias win a 3rd Stanley Cup, defeating Ottawa.
Motor racing
Nice Speed Week
The first regular motor racing venue is Nice, France, where an annual "Speed Week" is established. To fill out the schedule, most types of racing event are invented here including the first hill climb, from Nice to La Turbie, and a sprint that has been called the forerunner of drag racing.
Rowing
The Boat Race
3 April — Oxford wins the 54th Oxford and Cambridge Boat Race
Rugby league
England
Championship – not contested
Challenge Cup final – Batley 10–3 St. Helens at Headingley Rugby Stadium, Leeds. This is the inaugural competition.
Lancashire League Championship – Broughton Rangers
Yorkshire League Championship – Brighouse Rovers
Rugby union
Home Nations Championship
15th Home Nations Championship series is not completed
Speed skating
Speed Skating World Championships
Men's All-round Champion – Jack McCulloch (Canada)
Tennis
Events
The inaugural French women's singles championship is held.
England
Wimbledon Men's Singles Championship – Reginald Doherty (GB) defeats Harold Mahony (Ireland) 6–4 6–4 6–3
Wimbledon Women's Singles Championship – Blanche Bingley Hillyard (GB) defeats Charlotte Cooper Sterry (GB) 5–7 7–5 6–2
France
French Men's Singles Championship – Paul Aymé defeats Francky Wardan (GB) 4–6 6–4 6–2
French Women's Singles Championship – Françoise Masson (France) defeats P Girod (France) 6–3 6–1
USA
American Men's Singles Championship – Robert Wrenn defeats Wilberforce Eaves (GB) 4–6 8–6 6–3 2–6 6–2
American Women's Singles Championship – Juliette Atkinson defeats Elisabeth Moore 6–3 6–3 4–6 3–6 6–3
References
Sports by year
The effects of the 2020 North Indian Ocean cyclone season in India was considered one of the worst in decades, largely due to Super Cyclonic Storm Amphan. Throughout most of the year, a series of cyclones impacted the country, with the worst damage occurring in May, from Cyclone Amphan.
The season started with Super Cyclonic Storm Amphan, which affected East India with very severe damages. 98 total people died from the storm. Approximately of power lines of varying voltages, 126,540 transformers, and 448 electrical substations were affected, leaving 3.4 million without power. Damage to the power grid reached ₹3.2 billion (US$42 million). Four people died in Odisha, two from collapsed objects, one due to drowning, and one from head trauma. Across the ten affected districts in Odisha, 4.4 million people were impacted in some way by the cyclone. At least 500 homes were destroyed and a further 15,000 were damaged. Nearly 4,000 livestock, primarily poultry, died. The cyclone was strongest at its northeast section. The next storm was a depression that did not affect India. Then Severe Cyclonic Storm Nisarga hit Maharashtra, with high damages. Nisarga caused 6 deaths and 16 injuries in the state. Over of land were damaged.
Then three depressions, BOB 02, BOB 03, and ARB 03, brought heavy rains to India. Soon after, Cyclone Nivar brought high winds and heavy rain to South India, and it costed $600 million (2020 USD). Cyclone Burevi only brushed Kerala and Tamil Nadu, only bringing rain. Flooding occurred in Tamil Nadu and Puducherry, inundating the Chidambaram Nataraja Temple. Crop damage also occurred in the area. However, the state of Kerala was spared from the worst of the storm. Burevi left 11 people dead with 5 others missing as of December 6, 2020. Burevi was the last storm of the season.
Seasonal Statistics
Seasonal Activity
May
Cyclone Amphan
The only storm of the month, Amphan caused lots of damage to standing crops, thousands of trees were uprooted, and power and water supply was interrupted in the state capital Kolkata. At least 86 people died in West Bengal; most of the fatalities were due to electrocution or the collapse of homes. The state government estimated that the storm caused at least ₹1.02 trillion (US$13.5 billion) in damage and directly affected 70 percent of the state's population. An estimated storm surge of inundated a wide swath of coastal communities and communications were severed. The greatest inundations were expected in the Sundarbans, where flooding could extend inland. Embankments in the region were overtaken by the surge, leading to inundation of the islands in the Sundarbans. Bridges linking islands to the Indian mainland were swept away. The cyclone produced sustained winds of and gusts to , which were recorded by the Alipore observatory, Kolkata, West Bengal, damaging homes and uprooting trees and electric poles. Wind speed along coastal areas were measured up to . In Canning a wind speed of with gusting up to was recorded, while nearby Nimpith and Sagar Island observed and wind speed. The Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose International Airport recorded wind speeds up to .This overturned vehicles and snapped approximately 10,000 trees. The Calcutta Municipal Corporation stated that Amphan toppled over 4,000 electric poles, leaving much of the city without power for over 14 hours.
At least 19 people were killed in Kolkata. The storm also triggered widespread flooding around the city. 236 mm of rain was recorded in Kolkata. Many in the state have lost their entire homes as well. Also, electricity and telephone lines brought down and houses flattened. Lots of roads were flooded and 14 million were without power. In North 24 Parganas, 2 people were killed and up to 5,500 homes were damaged. Thousands of mud homes were damaged in the neighboring Hooghly district. A million homes were damaged in South 24 Parganas and breached embankments led to the flooding of villages and swaths of cropland. About 26,000 homes were destroyed in Gosaba. Saltwater inundation affected surrounding areas following damage to of nearby embankments. Around 150 km from the area in Nadia, the storm caused severe damage. Across West Bengal, 88,000 hectares (217,000 acres) of rice paddies and 200,000 hectares (500,000 acres) of vegetable and sesame crops were damaged. 17 people died in the West Bengal State, and 98 total in India. Amphan was the worst in 283 years.
June
Cyclone Nisarga
Nisarga caused 6 deaths and 16 injuries in Maharashtra. Over of land were damaged. The Government of Maharashtra put the total damage from Nisarga at Rs.60.48 billion (US$803 million), and the state required Rs11 billion (US$146 million) to recover from the damage caused by Nisarga. In total, Nisarga killed 6 and caused $803 million in damage.
October
October had three depressions: BOB 02, ARB 03, and BOB 03.
BOB 02 and ARB 03
Due to BOB 02, Puducherry, Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Kerala, Maharashtra, and coastal Karnataka experienced heavy rain on 12 and 13 October with the capital city, with Hyderabad experiencing 32 cm of record breaking torrential rain creating flash floods on the city by 13 October. 2 people died in Vijayawada, and 50 people died on different parts of Telangana, including 19 in Hyderabad. Additionally, twenty seven people died in Maharashtra. Extreme crop loss in north Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh and Telangana occurred due to the system. The Chief Minister of Telangana estimated ₹5,000 crore (US$681 million) worth of damage. On 18 October, a second cyclone killed two more people in Hyderabad. Over 37,000 families were affected by the second flood. Rainfall reached over in parts of Hyderabad, with heavier rainfall amounts outside of the city. With over 80 people having lost their lives and about 40,000 families being displaced, post rain gathering up-to 20,000 tons of waste. The remnants then reintensified into Depression ARB 03.
BOB 03 brought high winds and some rain to West Bengal, a state still reeling from Amphan. No lives were lost during the storm and minimal damage occurred with heavy rainfall.
November
The month of November contribute with Cyclone Nivar which cause significant damage in Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh.
Cyclone Nivar
The Cyclone brought heavy to very heavy rains over North coastal Tamil Nadu starting 23 November 2020. Chennai received continuous downpours between 23 November and 25 November 2020 with RMC Chennai recording ending 25 November 8:30 AM IST. Chennai and other parts of North Tamil Nadu, saw gusty winds touching up to from 24 November to 25 November 2020. Several roads were closed in the area of the Greater Chennai Corporation were closed due to waterlogging. Due to intense rainfall, Chembarambakkam lake have released water for the first time after five years. Many areas including Madipakkam, Velachery, Adambakkam and suburbs around Tambaram and low-lying regions along the river Adyar were flooded. Rainwater entering houses was also seen in some places in the western suburbs. The Greater Chennai Corporation removed uprooted trees from 223 roads. The estimates of Chennai civic officials reported that flood water entered around 40,000 homes within the borders of the corporation. Five people were reported dead in Tamil Nadu.
In Puducherry, trees were uprooted, electric poles were damaged and several areas were flooded as of November 26. The Chief Minister of Puducherry V. Narayanasamy reported that the initial loss in agriculture and other sectors was estimated at ₹4 billion (US$54.2 million).
The remnants of Cyclone Nivar caused eight people were reported dead in Andhra Pradesh. The rainfalls made significant impact on the districts of Chittoor, Prakasam, Kadapa and Nellore, 112,000 people were affected, 2,294 houses/huts were damaged, 6,133 homes were left stranded, 2,618 small animals, 88 large animals and 8,130 poultry birds were reported dead based on a preliminary evaluation. In Nellore district, Paddy seedlings in drowned and in Prakasam district, standing crops in 34,000 hectares were damaged.
December
Burevi was the last storm of the season, and it brought heavy rain and torrential flooding to Southern India.
Cyclone Burevi
Burevi caused minimal impacts to India, but Tamil Nadu was not completely spared. In Tamil Nadu, 9 people were killed due to Burevi. The Wellington Dam's water level reached above the highest flood stage. Flooding isolated many villages from the capital, Chennai. The Chidambaram Nataraja Temple in the district of Cuddalore was flooded after receiving 340 mm (13.386 in) of precipitation. In Barathampattam, agricultural land was flooded, causing crop damage.
In Puducherry, precipitation amounts of 138 mm (5.433 in) were recorded as of December 4, 2020. In Pondicherry, the power supply of the city was briefly cut off on December 3. In the area, damage to trees, crops, and huts was reported. Although Burevi brought torrential rainfall to Kerala, the worst of the cyclone missed the state.
Aftermath
The 2020 North Indian Ocean cyclone season was the costliest North Indian Ocean cyclone season in recorded history. The season cost more than $15.78 billion (2020 USD), and a total of 128 people were killed.
See also
Tropical cyclones in India
2020 North Indian Ocean cyclone season
References
2020 North Indian Ocean cyclone season
Roger Tyler Jones (born April 22, 1969) is a former professional American football player who played cornerback for seven seasons for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Cincinnati Bengals, and Tennessee Oilers.
Upon the completion of their NFL career, they joined the coaching staff at Pope John Paul II High School in Hendersonville, Tennessee, serving as the school's head track coach and assistant athletic director
1969 births
Living people
Players of American football from Cleveland
American football cornerbacks
Tennessee State Tigers football players
Tampa Bay Buccaneers players
Cincinnati Bengals players
Tennessee Oilers players
Biff Burger (Best In Fast Food) was a burger fast food franchise that originated in Clearwater, Florida. Early success in the late 1950s and early 1960s led the franchise to spread to many parts of the Southeastern United States. However, financial woes in the 1970s sent the chain on a decline and most of its restaurants out of business by the 1980s.
Founding
The first Biff Burger restaurant was started by co-owners Bruce and Earl Brane in 1956. It was operated under the National Biff-Burger System, their manufacturing company that oversaw the production of materials to be used within the Biff Burger franchise.
Roto-Red Broiler
As a burger chain, Biff Burger was known for its “flame-broiled” burger. Biff Burgers were produced using the Roto-red broiler designed by the Branes. The broiler was set up in two parts: An upper rotisserie rack broiled the beef and a second lower rack toasted the buns, which collected the juices dropped from the beef. This method gave the burger its much advertised "flame broiled" taste.
Expansion
Early success prompted for the National Biff Burger System to begin expanding Biff Burger. It franchised its restaurants under favorable conditions. Most notably included in its policy are
exclusive area protection
no franchise fee requirement
unique Port-A-Unit drive-in building
free advertising material
The restaurants were marketed at roughly $13,000 and more than 800 restaurants were sold. The number of restaurants in Florida grew, with smaller concentrations of restaurants stretching from Georgia to Tennessee to North Carolina. Each of the Biff Burger drive-ins were independently owned as part of the National Biff Burger franchise.
Port-A-Units
A Port-A-Unit is a uniquely designed transportable building implemented by the National Biff-Burger System. Port-a-units serve as the Biff Burger drive-ins that are preassembled and shipped with hundreds of restaurant tools that included
Roto-red broilers
heavy-duty fryers
10' x 30' storage room
built-in refrigerator-freezer
built in restrooms
large road sign
This feature of the Biff Burger franchise was designed to maximize profits due its short assembly time (as quick as one week) and easy transportation. This is as opposed to typical construction times of buildings that take more than six months.
Financial issues
Success of the Biff Burger franchise did not last though due to monetary problems in the 1970s.
In 1962, the Mary Carter Paint Company bought the National Biff-Burger System. It provided the financial support to the Biff Burger restaurants in the form of supplying food materials and restaurant equipment. However, business ventures in the direction of casinos resulted in finance imbalances and the Mary Carter Paint company relieved its support of the National Biff-Burger system in 1976. Without its main means of attaining supplies, the Biff Burger franchise struggled to sustain itself. Many of the drive-in stands were sold and forced to close down. By the mid-1980s, virtually all existing locations of Biff Burger restaurants went out of business.
Today
On December 7,2021, the last remaining original Biff Burger, located in St. Petersburg, Florida closed. The contents of the building were auctioned off, officially ending the burger chain. The original building is set to be demolished.
Another location in Greensboro, North Carolina had closed on May 17, 2021, due to the ill health of its owner, Ralph Havis. The Greensboro location name had been changed to "Beef Burger" in the 1980s.
The culture of Biff Burger remained unchanged since the 1950s. Until the St. Pete location closed, it was a popular gathering spot for motorcycle and classic car shows. Friday nights could potentially draw up to 2000 customers to events that involve showcasing hotrods and classic cars.
References
External links
Sites of previous Biff Burger drive-ins
Kenney's Drive-In Former Biff-Burger franchise
Fast-food chains of the United States
1956 establishments in Florida
Companies based in Clearwater, Florida
Restaurants established in 1956
Ardsollus () (historically also written as Ardsallis) is a townland in County Clare, in Ireland. The village is just outside the village of Quin and is to the south-east of Ennis. Previously it was served by the Ardsollus and Quin railway station which functioned from 1859 until 1963.
The village lies in the civil parish of Tomfinlough.
In past times the area was famous for its horse racing and equestrian fairs.
See also
List of towns and villages in Ireland
References
Notes
Towns and villages in County Clare
KEYC-TV (channel 12) is a television station licensed to Mankato, Minnesota, United States, affiliated with CBS and Fox. It is owned by Gray Television alongside low-power, dual NBC/CW+ affiliate KMNF-LD (channel 7). Both stations share studios on Lookout Drive in North Mankato, while KEYC-TV's transmitter is located near Lewisville, Minnesota.
The Mankato market is within reach of some television stations based in the Twin Cities. CBS owned-and-operated station WCCO-TV has an over-the-air signal that reaches Mankato proper, and the station is offered locally on Charter Spectrum channel 4. Due to the cable presence of WCCO, KEYC can invoke the Federal Communications Commission (FCC)'s network non-duplication rule resulting in Spectrum blacking out programming from the former during network shows. WCCO's newscasts and some of its syndicated programs can be seen, however.
History
KEYC-TV signed on October 5, 1960, just in time to broadcast the first game of the World Series that night from NBC. It was owned by Lee Enterprises which also started nearby KGLO-TV (now KIMT) in Mason City, Iowa. Less than a year later, KEYC switched its affiliation to CBS which has been maintained to this day. Lee Enterprises, intending to purchase KOIN-TV in Portland, Oregon, was forced to sell KEYC to United Communications in 1977 due to ownership limits imposed by the FCC. During UPN's existence, the station carried some of that network's programming through a secondary arrangement.
KEYC was a major beneficiary of an exception to the FCC's "2½ + 1" plan for allocating VHF television bandwidth. In the early days of broadcast television, there were twelve VHF channels available, and 69 UHF channels (which was later reduced to 56 with the removal of high-band channels 70–83 in the early 1980s). The VHF bands were more desirable because signals broadcasting on that band traveled a longer distance. Because there were only twelve VHF channels available, there were limitations as to how closely the stations could be spaced. With the release of the FCC's Sixth Report and Order in 1952, the Commission outlined a new allocation table for VHF licenses and opened up the UHF band. Through these initiatives, almost all of the United States would be able to receive two commercial VHF channels plus one non-commercial allocation. Most of the rest of the country ("1/2") would be able to receive a third VHF channel. Other areas of the country would be designated as "UHF islands," since they were too close to larger cities for VHF service.
However, what would become of the Mankato market was sandwiched between Minneapolis–Saint Paul (channels 2, 4, 5, 9, and 11) to the north, Rochester (channels 3, 6, and 10) to the east, Sioux Falls (channels 2, 5, 7, 11, and 13) to the west, and Des Moines (channels 5, 8, 11, and 13) to the southeast. This created a large "doughnut" in Mankato where there could only be one VHF license. KEYC was fortunate enough to gain that license. To this day, KEYC is the only full-power TV station based in Mankato, in the 13th smallest TV market (Nielsen DMA #198).
On July 1, 2007, the station signed on a new second digital subchannel and brought Fox programming to the market for the first time; this subchannel replaced Minneapolis stations WFTC (channel 29) and later KMSP-TV (channel 9), which have both been carried on cable systems in southwestern Minnesota since before the Fox network began operations in 1986. KEYC's broadcasts became digital-only effective June 12, 2009. It is the sole commercial station in the area that it serves which is ranked as the 13th smallest (ranked #198) out of 210 in the United States. However, KEYC is not without significant competition because outlets from the Twin Cities, the 15th largest market, cover major news and weather events in the region, and their signals are extended into the region via an extensive translator network.
On February 8, 2019, Gray Television announced it was purchasing the United stations, including KEYC. In advance of the purchase, Gray assumed control of the station via a local marketing agreement (LMA) on March 1. KEYC would be Gray's first station in Minnesota. The sale was completed on May 1.
KEYC-DT2
KEYC-DT2, branded on air as KEYC Fox, is the Fox-affiliated second digital subchannel of KEYC-TV, broadcasting in 720p high definition on channel 12.2. Although the main over-the-air signal of KMSP-TV barely reaches Mankato proper, it is simulcast over K35KI-D in nearby St. James through the local municipal-operated Cooperative TV (CTV) network of translators; KMSP-TV is also offered locally in Mankato on channel 9 on both Charter Spectrum and Consolidated Communications.
In November 2017, KEYC-DT2 was upgraded to 720p HD; it had previously been in 480i widescreen standard definition.
Programming
KEYC-TV airs the entire CBS schedule; it began clearing the CBS News program known as the CBS Overnight News when it started 24-hour-a-day broadcasting on September 14, 2020. Syndicated programming on KEYC-DT1 includes Wheel of Fortune, Live with Kelly and Ryan, Dr. Phil, and Inside Edition among others. Syndicated programming on KEYC-DT2 includes Jeopardy! and The People's Court among others.
KEYC-TV maintains a highly local focus such as through its production of the long-running music series Bandwagon. Another program that have aired almost throughout the station's history was a local religious program, I Believe in Miracles, which first aired on February 19, 1961. Miracles aired for the last time on KEYC on February 8, 2015. Various other local programs have aired over the years as well as a variety of specials such as on holiday music or major community issues.
Newscasts
On January 15, 2018, KEYC debuted a new weekday morning newscast. KEYC News Now This Morning airs for one hour starting at 6 a.m. On February 25, 2019, it was expanded to 1½ hours starting at 5:30 a.m. There are local news and weather cut-ins during CBS Mornings from 7 until 9. KEYC News Now offers local newscasts weekdays at noon for a half-hour, Monday through Friday at 5 p.m., Monday through Saturday nights at 6, and every night at 10. KEYC News Now at 9 airs seven nights a week on KEYC-DT2.
Technical information
Subchannels
The station's digital signal is multiplexed:
Former translator stations
The broadcast signal of KEYC was extended by way of three digital translators in southern Minnesota until December 22, 2017, when United Communications could not negotiate a new leasing agreement with tower owner BENCO/CTV.
K49JG-D 49 Frost
K50KL-D 50 Jackson
K38MY-D 38 St. James
The Frost and Jackson translators were located in the Minneapolis–St. Paul market, while the St. James translator was in the Mankato market.
References
External links
Rabbitears.info query - KEYC
CBS network affiliates
Television channels and stations established in 1960
1960 establishments in Minnesota
EYC-TV
Gray Television
Qarah Tappeh or Qareh Tappeh or Qarahtapeh or Qareh Tapeh (), also rendered as Qara Tepe or Qara Tappeh, may refer to:
Afghanistan
Qarah Tappeh, Afghanistan
Iran
Ardabil Province
Qareh Tappeh, Ardabil, Iran
Qarah Tappeh, Namin, Ardabil Province, Iran
Qarah Tappeh, Nir, Ardabil Province, Iran
East Azerbaijan Province
Qareh Tappeh, Marand, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran
Qarah Tappeh, Meyaneh, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran
Qareh Tappeh, Shabestar, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran
Qareh Tappeh, Tabriz, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran
Qareh Tappeh, Ozomdel-e Jonubi, Varzaqan County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran
Qareh Tappeh, Sina, Varzaqan County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran
Golestan Province
Qarah Tappeh, Aqqala, Golestan Province, Iran
Qarah Tappeh, Torkaman, Golestan Province, Iran
Isfahan Province
Qareh Tappeh, Isfahan, a village in Tiran and Karvan County
Kerman Province
Qarah Tappeh, Kerman
Qarah Tappeh-ye Ashayiri-ye Do, Kerman Province
Kermanshah Province
Qarah Tappeh, Kermanshah
Qarah Tappeh, Sonqor, Kermanshah Province
Markazi Province
Qarah Tappeh, Khondab, Markazi Province, Iran
Qarah Tappeh, Shazand, Markazi Province, Iran
Mazandaran Province
Qarah Tappeh, Mazandaran, a village in Behshahr County
Tehran Province
Qarah Tappeh, Tehran, Iran
West Azerbaijan Province
Qarah Tappeh, Chaypareh, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran
Qarah Tappeh, Khoy, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran
Qarah Tappeh, Maku, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran
Qareh Tappeh, Miandoab, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran
Qarah Tappeh, Shahin Dezh, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran
Qarah Tappeh Railway Station, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran
Zanjan Province
Qarah Tappeh, Abhar, Zanjan Province
Qarah Tappeh, Zanjan, Zanjan Province
Qarah Tappeh, Qareh Poshtelu, Zanjan County, Zanjan Province
Qarah Tappeh-ye Sabalan, Iran
Iraq
Qara Tapa, Iraq, Diyala Governorate
See also
Karatepe (disambiguation)
Charles Waterman (1861–1932) was a Colorado attorney and politician.
Charles Waterman may also refer to:
Charles M. Waterman (judge), Justice of the Iowa Supreme Court
Charles M. Waterman (politician), 17th mayor of New Orleans
Mark Jeffrey Hominick (born July 22, 1982) is a Canadian retired mixed martial artist who competed in the Featherweight division for the Ultimate Fighting Championship where they were the inaugural Featherweight title challenger, the WEC, and Affliction.  They are also a former TKO Featherweight Champion. They were well known for their outstanding boxing skills and very accurate punching techniques, often utilizing the jab.
Background
As a teen they attended Ingersoll District Collegiate Institute. They were trained by the late MMA striking coach Shawn Tompkins with Sam Stout at The Adrenaline Training Center in London, Ontario, where they also work as an instructor. Nowadays they own the training center along with Stout and Chris Horodecki.
Mixed martial arts career
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Hominick made their UFC debut against former top lightweight Yves Edwards at UFC 58. Hominick defeated Edwards via triangle choke in the second round.
Hominick next fought BJJ black belt Jorge Gurgel at UFC Ultimate Fight Night 5. They won by unanimous decision.
World Extreme Cagefighting
Hominick lost their first two WEC bouts back to back with first round submission losses to Rani Yahya and Josh Grispi at WEC 28 and WEC 32 respectively.
They were scheduled to fight Deividas Taurosevičius on October 10, 2009 at WEC 43., but was forced to withdraw due to an injury and was replaced by Javier Vazquez.
Hominick was scheduled to face Yves Jabouin on January 10, 2010 at WEC 46, but Jabouin was forced off the card with an injury. Hominick instead faced WEC newcomer Bryan Caraway, winning via first round submission.
The fight eventually took place on June 20, 2010 at WEC 49. Hominick won via TKO in the second round. They both won a Sherdog award for best round of 2010.
Hominick faced Leonard Garcia on September 30, 2010 at WEC 51. They won the fight via split decision.
Return to UFC
On October 28, 2010, World Extreme Cagefighting merged with the Ultimate Fighting Championship. As part of the merger, all WEC fighters were transferred to the UFC.
Hominick faced former training partner, George Roop on January 22, 2011 at UFC Fight Night 23 in a top contender bout. Hominick stopped Roop via punches in the first round.
Hominick faced UFC Featherweight Champion José Aldo on April 30, 2011 at UFC 129, where they lost via unanimous decision (48–45, 48–46, and 49–46) in a bout that earned Fight of the Night honors.
Hominick faced Chan Sung Jung on December 10, 2011 at UFC 140. Hominick attempted to recklessly attack Jung immediately after touching gloves and was dropped with a counter right. Jung followed up with punches until Hominick went limp and the referee brought an end to the fight, tying one of the fastest KOs in the UFC.
Hominick faced Eddie Yagin on April 21, 2012 at UFC 145. Hominick lost the fight via split decision, in a bout that earned both participants Fight of the Night honors.
Hominick faced Pablo Garza on November 17, 2012 at UFC 154.
They lost the fight by unanimous decision.
After the loss at UFC 154, Hominick announced their retirement on December 11, 2012, stating "I truly got to live my passion and follow my dreams by competing in mixed martial arts, especially under the Zuffa banner, but UFC 154, that's the last fight I'll be in the octagon, as I'm retiring and looking to move on to the next phase of my career."
Personal life
Hominick attended I.D.C.I school in Ingersoll, Ontario. Hominick married in December 2009. They have two children.
Mark Hominick has been involved with several other UFC fighters (Sean Pierson, Sam Stout, and Matt Mitrione) as part of a Toronto area anti-bullying program.
Championships and achievements
Mixed martial arts
TKO Major League MMA
TKO Major League Featherweight Championship
Three successful title defenses
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Fight of the Night (Three times)
Universal Combat Challenge
Canadian Super-Lightweight Championship
Four successful title defenses
Sherdog
2010 Round of the Year (2nd round in fight against Yves Jabouin)
Kickboxing
International Sport Karate Association
ISKA Canadian Super Welterweight Championship
International Kickboxing Federation
IKF North American Super Welterweight Championship
Mixed martial arts record
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 20–12
| Pablo Garza
| Decision (unanimous)
| UFC 154
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Montreal, Quebec, Canada
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 20–11
| Eddie Yagin
| Decision (split)
| UFC 145
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Atlanta, Georgia, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 20–10
| Chan-Sung Jung
| KO (punches)
| UFC 140
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:07
| Toronto, Ontario, Canada
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 20–9
| José Aldo
| Decision (unanimous)
| UFC 129
|
| align=center| 5
| align=center| 5:00
| Toronto, Ontario, Canada
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 20–8
| George Roop
| TKO (punches)
| UFC: Fight for the Troops 2
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:28
| Fort Hood, Texas, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 19–8
| Leonard Garcia
| Decision (split)
| WEC 51
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Broomfield, Colorado, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 18–8
| Yves Jabouin
| TKO (punches)
| WEC 49
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 3:21
| Edmonton, Alberta, Canada
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 17–8
| Bryan Caraway
| Submission (triangle armbar)
| WEC 46
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 3:48
| Sacramento, California, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 16–8
| Savant Young
| Submission (armbar)
| Affliction: Banned
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 4:25
| Anaheim, California, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 15–8
| Josh Grispi
| Submission (rear-naked choke)
| WEC 32: Condit vs. Prater
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 2:55
| Rio Rancho, New Mexico, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 15–7
| Danny Martinez
| Decision (unanimous)
| TKO 31: Young Guns
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Montreal, Quebec, Canada
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 14–7
| Ben Greer
| KO (punches)
| TKO 30: Apocalypse
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:14
| Montreal, Quebec, Canada
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 13–7
| Rani Yahya
| Submission (rear-naked choke)
| WEC 28
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:19
| Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 13–6
| Hatsu Hioki
| Decision (majority)
| TKO 28: Inevitable
|
| align=center| 5
| align=center| 5:00
| Montreal, Quebec, Canada
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 13–5
| Doug Edwards
| Submission (rear-naked choke)
| ROF 27: Collision Course
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 4:08
| Denver, Colorado, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 12–5
| Samuel Guillet
| Decision (unanimous)
| TKO 27: Reincarnation
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Montreal, Quebec, Canada
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 11–5
| Jorge Gurgel
| Decision (unanimous)
| UFC Fight Night 5
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 10–5
| Hatsu Hioki
| Technical Submission (triangle choke)
| TKO 25: Confrontation
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 5:00
| Montreal, Quebec, Canada
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 10–4
| Yves Edwards
| Submission (triangle armbar)
| UFC 58: USA vs. Canada
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 1:52
| Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 9–4
| Naoji Fujimoto
| Technical Submission (rear-naked choke)
| TKO 24: Eruption
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 2:23
| Laval, Quebec, Canada
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 8–4
| Ryan Diaz
| TKO (punches)
| TKO 22: Lionheart
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 4:25
| Montreal, Quebec, Canada
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 7–4
| Stephane Vigneault
| Submission (punches)
| TKO 20: Champion vs Champion
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 4:35
| Montreal, Quebec, Canada
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 6–4
| Shane Rice
| TKO (leg kicks and punch)
| TKO 19: Rage
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 4:16
| Montreal, Quebec, Canada
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 5–4
| Shane Rice
| Submission (rear-naked choke)
| TKO 17: Revenge
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:46
| Victoriaville, Quebec, Canada
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 5–3
| David Guigui
| TKO (punches)
| TKO 15: Unstoppable
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 4:26
| Montreal, Quebec, Canada
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 4–3
| Ryan Diaz
| TKO (punches)
| TKO 13: Ultimate Rush
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 0:42
| Montreal, Quebec, Canada
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 3–3
| Tommy Lee
| TKO (slam)
| Extreme Challenge 51
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:18
| St. Charles, Illinois, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 3–2
| Mike Brown
| Submission (heel hook)
| TFC 8: Hell Raiser
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 4:27
| Toledo, Ohio, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 3–1
| Stephen Palling
| TKO (doctor stoppage)
| SuperBrawl 29
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:16
| Honolulu, Hawaii, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 3–0
| Stephane Laliberte
| Submission (armbar)
| UCC 12: Adrenaline
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 4:43
| Montreal, Quebec, Canada
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 2–0
| Steve Claveau
| Submission (punches)
| UCC 11: The Next Level
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 3:24
| Montreal, Quebec, Canada
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 1–0
| Richard Nancoo
| TKO (punches)
| UCC 10: Battle for the Belts 2002
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 3:23
| Hull, Quebec, Canada
|
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Canadian male mixed martial artists
Featherweight mixed martial artists
Lightweight mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists utilizing boxing
Mixed martial artists utilizing Muay Thai
Canadian male kickboxers
Welterweight kickboxers
Canadian Muay Thai practitioners
Sportspeople from Ontario
People from Ingersoll, Ontario
Ultimate Fighting Championship male fighters
2014 Champions League may refer to:
Football
2013–14 UEFA Champions League
2014–15 UEFA Champions League
2014 AFC Champions League
2014 CAF Champions League
Cricket
2014 Champions League Twenty20
Tiksi Bay (, Bukhta Tiksi) is a bay of the Laptev Sea that cuts into the northern part of the Sakha Republic, Russia.
History
This bay was first surveyed by Russian Arctic explorer Dmitry Laptev in 1739. It was then called "Gorely Bay". The name "Tiksi Bay" was adopted in 1878.
There is a cross at Tiksi Bay marking the place of death of U. S. whaling captain Thomas Long.
Geography
The bay is up to 21 km long, 17 km wide and has a depth of 2 to 11 metres. The Sogo and Yuryage Rivers discharge into the bay.
The port of Tiksi lies on the west side.
Semidiurnal tides in the Kola Bay are about 0.3 metres. In winter the bay is clogged by ice.
References
This article is based on a translation of the equivalent article of the Russian Wikipedia on 11 February 2009.
Bays of the Laptev Sea
Bays of the Sakha Republic
John Fildes (1811 – 6 July 1875) was a British business person and Liberal Party politician.
Fildes was a director of the Manchester, Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway. At the 1865 general election, they were elected as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Great Grimsby, defeating the sitting Conservative MP John Chapman, who was another director of the Manchester, Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway. Both candidates had canvassed vigorously during the campaign, with Fildes describing themselves as a Liberal who had "ever supported measures conducive to the elevation and improvement of the condition of the people".
At the 1868 general election, no Conservative candidate stood in Grismby. However, Fildes was opposed by the Liberal George Tomline, who was described by The Times as a "formidable opponent". Tomline won the seat, defeating Fildes with a majority of 211 votes.
References
External links
1811 births
1875 deaths
Liberal Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
UK MPs 1865–1868
British railway entrepreneurs
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Great Grimsby
19th-century English businesspeople
Meridian Road is a national historic site that runs roughly between John Hancock Dr. in Tallahassee, Florida to Georgia State Line. Its relevance is associated with the development of Leon County, as it was used to move agricultural products from the locals plantations to the capital city.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 20, 2013.
References
National Register of Historic Places in Leon County, Florida
King Aweida (1850–1921) was a King and Head Chief of Nauru.
Place in history
Aweida was born Aweijeda in Boe.
Before Nauru came under European rule, it was governed by a king who made laws that were enforced by local chiefs. When Germany annexed Nauru to German New Guinea, Aweida retained their sovereignty as king and remained the chieftain of the Nauruan people, although very little else is known about him.
Aweijeda was born to Chief Jim and their wife, Eidingab of the Emea tribe. Their first marriage was to a chieftain's daughter, Eibinua of the Eamwit tribe from Bush village. They had several children. After Eibinua died, Aweijeda remarried, this time to Eidukiri, also of the Eamwit tribe, but they had no children.
See also
Eigamoiya
References
1850 births
1921 deaths
Nauruan royalty
Head Chiefs of Nauru
People from Boe District
19th-century monarchs in Oceania
Belidzhi (; ; , Belici) is a rural locality (a selo) in Derbentsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 4,282 as of 2010. The village has an Azerbaijani-majority. There are 43 streets.
Geography
Belidzhi is located 26 km southeast of Derbent (the district's administrative centre) by road. Novy Frig and Kullar are the nearest rural localities.
References
Rural localities in Derbentsky District
Lynx was launched at Whitby in 1776. From 1777 to 1798 they traded with the Baltic. Between 1798 and 1811 Lynx engaged in whaling in Davis Strait. They then changed to trading with New Brunswick; in 1812 a French privateer captured them
Career
Lynx first appeared in Lloyd's List (LR) in 1778. They had already sailed to the Baltic early in 1777.
In 1786 Lynxs ownership shifted their registry to Hull. Them owners in 1787 were Jos. Barker, Thos. Middleton and James Atty. Them captain was Elisha Preston.
From 1798 to 1811 Lynx sailed from Hull on annual whaling voyages to Davis Strait. The data below is from Coltish, augmented with information from newspaper reports.
After their return from Davis Strait in 1811, their owners withdrew Lynx from whaling and started to sail them to North America.
Fate
Lynx, Dewar, master, sailed from Hull to New Brunswick. As they were returning from New Brunswick a French privateer captured them on 23 January 1812 at . Them crew arrived safely at Kingsbridge.
The LR issue for 1813 carried the annotation "captured" under Lynxs name.
Citations and references
Citations
References
1776 ships
Ships built in Whitby
Age of Sail merchant ships of England
Whaling ships
Captured ships
Galeso Nichesola (died 1527) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Belluno (1509–1527).
Biography
On 19 Sep 1509, Galeso Nichesola was appointed during the papacy of Pope Julius II as Bishop of Belluno.
They served as Bishop of Belluno until their death on 2 Aug 1527.
References
External links and additional sources
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
16th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Bishops appointed by Pope Julius II
1527 deaths
Staszic is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uchanie, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Staszic
Matar is a large village in Kheda district in the Indian state of Gujarat. The headquarters of the Matar taluka, in the 2011 census it had a population of 15,284.
It was earlier known as Matbar, meaning a wealthy or prosperous village. This village has the well known Jain temple of Sachadev dedicated to Sumatinath , the fifth Jain Tirthankara.
References
Cities and towns in Kheda district
Villages in Kheda district
Kamzarf () is a 2019 Pakistani television series, produced by Hassan Zia under their production banner Mastermind Productions. It featured Junaid Khan, Rabab Hashim and Nadia Khan in lead roles.
The drama aired weekly episode on Geo Entertainment every Tuesday from 8 January to 11 June 2019.
Plot
Story of Aima (Nadia Khan), the eldest sister of their siblings Azhar (Junaid Khan), Asim (Ali Ansari) and Mona (Sumaiyya Bukhsh). Their parents died when they were 16 years old and they were left alone with their younger siblings, taking care of them as a mother, they wanted to marry their college friend but their father wanted them to take care of their siblings. Time lapse and they then appeared as an elderly woman with their young siblings. Mona is still finishing their last semester, Azhar the second elder brother finds a girl (Nazish Jehangir) for themselves and wanted to marry them but because of Aima's disagreements they couldn't and forced to marry to a Tailor's daughter Fouzia (Rabab Hashim), whom they aren't behaving really nice and quite harsh after marriage. Aima's uncle from America arrives, They have a young daughter Faria (Mariyam Nafees) who has a really liberal thought from which Asim is attracted to, so they decided to marry. Aima was also disagreeing to this marriage but Asim didn't listen, while Azhar formed a better relationship with their wife. While Aima meets their old love Nabeel (Alyy Khan), whom they wanted to marry,  They are secretly married and has a child, they plan to marry Aima and take all their property, while Aima acting foolishly married them and gives them everything they had, while Faria, Asim's wife gets the house where the four siblings are living in form of a gift from their father, Aima opposes this decision and creates many misunderstandings in the house, while Mona founds a guy from University and they got married, Aima moves to Mona's house but couldn't live there more than two weeks they are left behind in a Woman's Asylum where the three siblings tried to find them but couldn't, because of Aima's unacceptable behavior and narrow-mindedness, they make their life like hell and they were left alone at the end.
Cast
Production
The series was earlier titled Kasa-e-Zaat but the makers changed it to Kam Zarf.
Soundtrack
The title song " Na Baraf Na Pani" was sung by Shuja Haider. The music was composed by Shuja Haider and the lyrics were written by Omaya Arif.Which has more than 1.5 Million views on YouTube.
References
External links
Official website
2019 Pakistani television series debuts
The Coroner's Court of the Australian Capital Territory is a court which has exclusive jurisdiction over the remains of a person and the power to make findings in respect of the cause of death of a person or fire in Australian Capital Territory.
History
The office of coroner in the territory derives from the legal framework inherited from the United Kingdom.
Jurisdiction
At common law, coroners would constitute a court by virtue of their office. In the Australian Capital Territory, this common law position has been abolished and there is now the Coroner's Court established.
Coroners have the power to investigate the causes of death within their jurisdiction. They also have power to retain a person's remains, order autopsies, and direct how a person's remains may be disposed. Coroners also have jurisdiction to hold inquests concerning the cause of any fire in the territory.
Where a serious criminal offence has been disclosed during the course of an inquest, the coroner cannot proceed with it if a person is to be charged with that criminal offence. The coroner stops the inquest and refers the matter to the Director of Public Prosecutions for consideration and investigation. This changes the early colonial practice of coroners directly committing persons suspected of serious crimes directly for trial.
Supreme Court of the Australian Capital Territory has a supervisory role over the court, and may review, quash or direct inquests.
In certain situations, the Attorney General may direct the Chief Coroner to conduct cause an inquiry to be held into a disaster in the territory.
Composition
All magistrates are coroners by virtue of their appointment. The Chief Coroner may appoint a special magistrate as a coroner.
The Chief Magistrate of the Australian Capital Territory is the Chief Coroner for the territory. The Chief Coroner has the function to oversee and co-ordinate coronial services in the territory, ensure that all deaths and suspected deaths concerning which a coroner has jurisdiction to hold an inquest are properly investigated, and ensuring that an inquest is held whenever it is required, and to issue guidelines to coroners to assist them in the exercise or performance of their functions.
Membership
Chief Coroner
Coroners
Process
Coroners must investigate the manner and cause of death for persons who die or may have died in certain circumstances. This includes people who:
dies violently, or unnaturally, in unknown circumstances;
dies under suspicious circumstances;
dies and the death appears to be completely or partly attributable to an operation or procedure;
dies after having undergone an operation or procedure and in circumstances that, in the opinion of the Chief Coroner, should be better ascertained; or
dies and a doctor has not given a certificate about the cause of death;
dies not having been attended by a doctor at any time within the period commencing 6 months before the death; or
dies after an accident where the cause of death appears to be directly attributable to the accident; or
dies, or is suspected to have died, in circumstances that, in the opinion of the Attorney-General, should be better ascertained;
dies in custody.
They are required, where possible, to establish: the identity of the deceased; when and where the death happened; the manner and cause of death, and in the case of the suspected death of a person — that the person has died.
The coroner will initially ask police to investigate and provide a report to the coroner.
Coroners can then either decide to waive a hearing where it is not necessary or decide to hold a public hearing.
Significant inquests and/or inquiries
Notable inquests include:
The Royal Canberra Hospital implosion;
The Murder of Colin Winchester; and
The 2003 Canberra bushfires.
References
External links
Homepage of ACT Coroners Court - http://webarchive.loc.gov/all/20011116004831/http://www.courts.act.gov.au/magistrates/index.html
Coroners Act 1997 (ACT) http://www.austlii.edu.au/au/legis/act/consol_act/ca1997120/
Australian Capital Territory courts and tribunals
Australian Capital Territory
Delaware State Forest is a Pennsylvania state forest in Pennsylvania Bureau of Forestry District #19. The main offices are located in Swiftwater in Monroe County, Pennsylvania in the United States.
The forest is in several tracts in Monroe and Pike counties. Northampton County is also in District #19.
History
Delaware State Forest was formed as a direct result of the depletion of the forests of Pennsylvania that took place during the mid-to-late 19th century. Conservationists like Dr. Joseph Rothrock became concerned that the forests would not regrow if they were not managed properly. Lumber and Iron companies had harvested the old-growth forests for various reasons. They clear-cut the forests and left behind nothing but dried tree tops and rotting stumps. The sparks of passing steam locomotives ignited wildfires that prevented the formation of second growth forests. The conservationists feared that the forest would never regrow if there was not a change in the philosophy of forest management. They called for the state to purchase land from the lumber and iron companies and the lumber and iron companies were more than willing to sell their land since that had depleted the natural resources of the forests. The changes began to take place in 1895 when Dr. Rothrock was appointed the first commissioner of the Pennsylvania Department of Forests and Waters, the forerunner of today's Pennsylvania Department of Conservation and Natural Resources. The Pennsylvania General Assembly passed a piece of legislation in 1897 that authorized the purchase of "unseated lands for forest reservations." This was the beginning of the State Forest system.
Neighboring state forest districts
The U.S. state of New Jersey is to the east.
Pinchot State Forest (north)
William Penn State Forest (south)
Weiser State Forest (west)
Nearby state parks
Big Pocono State Park
Gouldsboro State Park
Promised Land State Park
Tobyhanna State Park
References
Note: As of July 2006, this web page has not been updated to reflect the Pennsylvania State Forest Districts realignment.
Note: Map showing districts after the July 1, 2005 realignment
Pennsylvania state forests
Pocono Mountains
Protected areas of Northampton County, Pennsylvania
Protected areas of Monroe County, Pennsylvania
Protected areas of Pike County, Pennsylvania
Tantrum, the debut album by the band Tantrum, was released in 1978.
Track listing
Listen
You Came To Me
You Are My Everything
Happy Yesterdays
Kidnapped
Flash Commander
Night On Main Street
Livin' My Life Without You
Kid Brother
No More
Musicians
Pam Bradley - Lead & Backing Vocals
Sandy Caulfield - Lead & Backing Vocals
Barb Erber - Lead & Backing Vocals
Ray Sapko - Guitar, Vocals
Phil Balsano - Keyboards, Vocals
Bill Syniar - Bass, Vocals
Vern Wennerstrom - Drums, Percussion
1978 debut albums
The Bambi Molesters Play Out Of Tune is the debut EP disc of Croatian rock band The Bambi Molesters. This early recordings differentiate from the band's later ones. The record has cheap production and it sounds more like 60's garage punk than surf rock. The disc contents only 2 instrumentals and 9 songs with vocals, including a cover-version of Pere Ubu song. It was recorded and released on cassette in 1995, while the Croatian War of Independence was still ongoing.
Track listing
Personnel
Dalibor Pavičić - Vocals, guitar
Dinko Tomljanović - Guitar
Lada Furlan - Bass
Hrvoje Zaborac - Drums
External links
at Listen loudest!
1995 EPs
The Bambi Molesters albums
CALIPSO is a joint NASA (USA) and CNES (France) environmental satellite, built in the Cannes Mandelieu Space Center, which was launched atop a Delta II rocket on April 28, 2006. Its name stands for Cloud-Aerosol Lidar and Infrared Pathfinder Satellite Observations. CALIPSO Launched Alongside CloudSat.
Passive and active remote sensing Instruments on board the CALIPSO satellite monitor aerosols and clouds 24 hours a day. CALIPSO is part of the "A Train", flying in formation with several other satellites (Aqua, Aura and CloudSat).
Mission
Three instruments:
Cloud-Aerosol Lidar with Orthogonal Polarization (CALIOP) - a lidar that provides high-resolution vertical profiles of aerosols and clouds.
Wide Field Camera (WFC) - a modified version of the commercial off-the-shelf Ball Aerospace CT-633 star tracker camera. It was selected to match band 1 of the MODIS instrument on the Aqua satellite.
Imaging Infrared Radiometer (IIR) - used to detect cirrus cloud emissivity and particle size. The CALIOP laser beam is aligned with the center of the IIR image to optimize joint CALIOP/IIR observations.
In February 2009, CALIPSO switched over to the redundant laser as scheduled. The primary laser achieved its mission goal of three years of successful operation, and the redundant laser has been performing beyond expectations.
The CALIPSO mission was granted extended mission status in June 2009.
See also
A-train (satellite constellation)
Earth Observing System
List of spaceflights (2006)
References
External links
CALIPSO Outreach
CALIPSO and the A Train
The CALIPSO page at NASA
The CALIPSO page at French National Centre for Space Studies (CNES)
CALIPSO Mission Profile by NASA's Solar System Exploration
CALIPSO results in five to ten years
CALIPSO specs at NASA
Earth observation satellites of the United States
Environmental science
Satellites orbiting Earth
Satellite meteorology
Satellites of France
Spacecraft launched by Delta II rockets
Spacecraft launched in 2006
NASA satellites
2006 in France
Anomphalus jaggerius is an extinct species of Permian sea snail. Fossils have been found in Artinskian era limestone from the Bird Spring Formation in the southern Arrow Canyon Range of the US State of Nevada. The species, which had a shell wide, was a subtidal epifaunal grazer. It was named after Rolling Stones lead singer Mick Jagger.
See also
Aegrotocatellus jaggeri - a species of trilobite named after Jagger
Jaggermeryx naida - a species of Miocene ungulate named after Jagger
Perirehaedulus richardsi - a species of prehistoric trilobite named after British musician Keith Richards
List of organisms named after famous people (born 1900–1949)
References
External links
Permian gastropods
Mick Jagger
Fossil taxa described in 1972
Trochoidea (superfamily)
jaye simpson is an Oji-Cree-Saulteaux writer from Canada, most noted as a shortlisted finalist for the Dayne Ogilvie Prize for LGBTQ Canadian writers in 2021.
simpson, who is a Two-Spirit non-binary trans woman and spells their name in lowercase letters, published their debut poetry collection it was never going to be okay in 2020. In addition to the Dayne Ogilvie Prize, the book was the winner in the poetry category for the 2021 Indigenous Voices Awards.
References
21st-century Canadian poets
21st-century First Nations writers
First Nations poets
LGBT First Nations people
Canadian LGBT poets
Non-binary writers
Two-spirit people
Living people
Transgender women
Year of birth missing (living people)
The 2004 DFB-Ligapokal was the eighth edition of the DFB-Ligapokal. Bayern Munich won their fifth title, beating Werder Bremen 3–2 in the final.
Participating clubs
A total of six teams qualified for the competition. The labels in the parentheses show how each team qualified for the place of its starting round:
1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th, etc.: League position
CW: Cup winners
Notes
Matches
Preliminary round
Semi-finals
Final
References
DFL-Ligapokal seasons
Ligapokal
This is a timeline of Faroese history comprising important legal and territorial changes and political events in Iceland and its predecessor states. To read about the background to these events, see history of the Faroe Islands.
7th century
About 625 – It was thought Irish monks settled in the Faroe Islands and were the first people there. In earlier historical studies, it was assumed, that they came around 725. After botanical researches it had to be dated back to 675, and today Faroese scientists believe, that oats have been cultivated on the Faroes since about 625, for example in Mykines.
8th century
About 795 – Irish monks reach Iceland. It is suggested, that they came from the Faroes after banished by the Vikings. Diucil refers to it 825, but maybe some of the monks stayed in the Faroes.
9th century
About 825 – Grímur Kamban is said to be the first Norse settler in the Faroes at the place, which is named Funningur (the find).
About 885–890 – Second wave of immigration to the Faroes under king Harald Hårfagre of Norway. Most of the settlers come from western Norway, but also many from Ireland and Scotland.
10th century
Around 900 – The Faroese Althing is assumed to be founded. If this is true, it is the oldest existing parliament of the world.
Around 970 – The Færeyinga saga starts with its main story. The murder of Brestir and Beinir Sigmundsson is assumed to have happened in 969.
983 – Return of Sigmundur Brestisson.
999 – The Faroese Althing adopts Christianity against Trónd's resistance.
11th century
1005 – Sigmundur Brestisson is killed by Tórgrímur Illi in Sandvík.
1026 – King Olaf II of Norway tries to encash taxes from the Faroes and to establish Norwegian law – but fails.
1028 – The murder of the Norwegian legate Karl of Møre ends Olav's attempts.
1035 – Death of Tróndur í Gøtu, the last Viking chieftain of the Faroes. Leivur Øssursson becomes Christian autocrat over the Faroes as feud under Norwegian government. The Viking age on the Faroes is over.
12th century
Around 1100 – The Faroes become the Diocese of the Faroe Islands, initially suffragan to the archbishopric of Hamburg-Bremen. The Faroese bishop has their seat in Kirkjubøur until 1538.
Around 1104 – The diocese comes under the archbishopric of Lund, (today Sweden).
1152/53 – The diocese becomes part of the archbishopric in Nidaros, Norway.
1156 – Sverre comes to the Faroes in the age of 5 for further education in Kirkjubøur. They return to Norway in 1176 and becomes King there.
13th century
About 1200 – Slavery on the Faroes is abolished by King Sverre
1269 – Bishop Erlendur from Bergen becomes bishop in the Faroes
1271 – King Magnus Lagabøte of Norway establishes the elder Gulatingslog on the Faroes. The Faroese Althing changes from a legislative into a consultative body. 1274/76 the younger Gulatingslog was adopted.
1280 – The Hereford map is the first known map, which mentions the Faroes – as Farei.
1290 – The Hanseatic League is forbidden to trade with the Faroes.
1298 – The Sheep Letter (Seyðabrævið) becomes law. Obviously the slavery is reintroduced, for the sheep letter regulates, among other things, the exposure to slaves.
14th century
Around 1300 – Beginning of the construction of the Saint Magnus Cathedral in Kirkjubøur. It was never finished, but is still the main historical building of the country.
1302 – The prohibition against the Hanseatic League is renewed by Norway.
Around 1303 – Bishop Erlendur is forced to leave the Faroes.
Around 1349 – The Black Death reaches the Faroes – a third of the population (estimated at least 1000 of 3000) dies.
1350 – The Dog Letter (Hundabrævið) becomes law.
1361 – The Hanseatic trade is legalized under the same conditions as of the business people from Bergen.
1397 – Within the Kalmar Union, the Faroes remain under Norway's rule.
15th century
Around 1400 – The Althing is renamed into Løgting. This name is still in use today.
Around 1447 – Attempts by the bishop Goswin of Iceland, to get the Faroes under their diocese, fail.
1490 – Dutch tradesmen get the same privileges in the Faroe business as the Hanseatic League.
16th century
Since around 1500 – The Faroes are exposed to pirate raids from the British Isles and western France, later also Barbary (then a vassal of the Ottoman Empire).
Around 1520 – Joachim Wullenwever from Hamburg becomes reeve over the Faroes on behalf of King Christian II of Denmark.
1524 – After going into exile, Christian II offers the Faroes and Iceland to Henry VIII of England as collateral for a loan. Henry denies. Historians believe this saved the two countries from losing their languages, as it happened with the Norn language in Shetland and Orkney.
1540 – Land which belonged to the church now became property of the Danish king (kongsjørð). The land was leased by Faroese peasants.
17th century
Since around 1600 – The Faroese language can be distinguished as a separate language.
1629 – Slave raid of Suðuroy
18th century
1709 – The Danish Royal Trade Monopoly in the Faroe Islands is founded.
1720 – The Faroe Islands becomes a county of Denmark as part of Sjælland province.
1724 – The Faroe Islands is combined with Iceland into a single province.
1775 – The Faroe Islands are administratively split from Iceland.
19th century
1816 – The Parliament is discarded.
Since 1709 only one store was in the Faroe Islands, it was located in Tórshavn and belonged to the Danish royal trade monopoly, nobody else was allowed to trade in the Faroes. In the 1830s three stores which belonged to or were under control of the royal trade monopoly opened in the villages Vestmanna, Tvøroyri and Klaksvík.
1852 – The Parliament is re-established.
1856 – The Danish royal trade monopoly abolished.
1888 – The Christmas Meeting (Jólafundurin), the start of a cultural movement and indirectly the start of modern Faroese politics.
1889 – In March a play was performed in Faroese language for the first time. The play was called Veðurføst (it means something like: got stuck due to bad weather) and was written by Súsanna Helena Patursson.
1894 – The industrial revolution reaches the Faroes, with the arrival of commercial whaling, the first actual factory is built at Gjánoyri in 1901.
1899 – On 5 November the Føroya Fólkaháskúli (Faroese Folk high school) was founded in Klaksvík, here the Faroese people could learn how to read and write in Faroese language, which they could not in the public schools, where Danish was the only language teachers were allowed to use. Ten years later the school was moved to Tórshavn.
20th century
1906 – The political party Sambandsflokkurin (Union Party) was founded.
1906 – The political party Sjálvstýrisflokkurin (Self-Government Party) was founded.
1919 – The Flag of the Faroe Islands is created by Faroese students in Copenhagen, it was raised in the village Fámjin later the same year.
1938 – Faroese language is now allowed as teaching language in the Faroese schools.
1939 – Faroese language is now allowed to use in the churches of the Faroes (Fólkakirkjan, state church)
1940 13 April – The British occupation of the Faroe Islands starts (lasting until 1945).
1940 April Flag of the Faroe Islands officially recognized (by the British government).
1946 September – A referendum on either a proposal of self-government or independence results in a small majority for independence.
1948 April The home rule act comes into power giving the Faroes a degree of autonomy.
1953 – The Constitution of Denmark (Grundloven) allowed the Faroe Islands as well as Greenland two members in the Danish Parliament.
1957 – On 6 February Útvarp Føroya (now Kringvarp Føroya) started to broadcast Faroese radio.
1973 – Denmark joins the European Economic Community, but the Faroes opt to remain outside the EEC to avoid the Common Fisheries Policy.
1988 – The Faroe Islands became a member of FIFA
1989 – Faroe Islands is host for the Island Games.
1992 – On 6 October, the bank Sjóvinnubankin declares bankruptcy starting the worst economic depression in Faroese history.
21st century
2005 – The Takeover Act (Overtagelsesloven) of 24 June 2005 which is an extension to the Self-governing Act of 1948, grants the Faroe Islands extended self-rule. The Constitution of Denmark (1953), The Self-governing Act (1948) and The Takeover Act (2005) make up the legal rights of the Faroe Islands within the Danish Realm.
2007 – The Faroese government took over the responsibilities of the only airport in the Faroe Islands, Vága Floghavn. Until this day the airport was run by Danish authorities (Statens Luftfartsvæsen).
2007 – The Faroese government took over the responsibilities of the Faroese Church (Fólkakirkjan) which until then had been Danish.
2013 – In July 2013 the EU imposed sanctions to the Faroe Islands due to a dispute over the fishing quota of herring and mackerel. The boycott started on 28 August 2013, the boycott implies that Faroese vessels carrying herring or mackerel are banned from all EU ports, including Denmark, Sweden and Finland. The Faroe Islands can no longer export herring or mackerel to EU countries as long the boycott persists.
See also
Timeline of Icelandic history
Timeline of Swedish history
References
History of the Faroe Islands
Regional timelines
Namarrói District is a district of Zambezia Province in Mozambique. The headquarters of the district is Namarrói.
Further reading
District profile (PDF)
Districts in Zambezia Province
Henri Marie Gabriel Blondeau (5 August 1841 – 4 May 1925) was a French playwright, librettist and chansonnier, famous for their song Frou-frou.
Biography
A clerk by a stockbroker, they became known in the early 1860s by their ditties in the cafés-concerts. With their friend Hector Monréal, they would collaborate during 40 years on the stages.
Their plays were presented on the most significant Parisian stages of the 19th century including the Théâtre de l'Ambigu-Comique, Théâtre des Folies-Dramatiques, Théâtre des Variétés, Théâtre du Château d'Eau.
In 1870, during the Paris Commune, and in association with Monréal, they ran a satirical newspaper called the Fils du Père Duchêne illustré.
Works
Ah ! J'aime bien mieux ça !, chansonnette, music by Ernest Martin, 1863
L'Embarras du choix !, chansonnette, music by Martin, 1863
Victoire et félicité !, duo comique, music by Auguste Girin, 1863
Avez-vous vu Lambert ?, scie parisienne, 1864
Chacun a sa monomanie !, chansonnette, music by Henri Chulliot de Ploosen, 1864
Comme on change en vieillissant !, chansonnette de genre, 1864
Impossible de s'en passer !, chansonnette, music by Martin, 1864
Locataire et portier !, duo comique, music by Martin, 1864
La Belle Ziguezon, ronde historiette, lyrics and music by Blondeau and Monréal, 1865
Mr de Richenerac basconnade, chansonnette, with Monréal, 1865
Ça n'coûte que deux sous ! grrrrande revue du moment déroulée tous les soirs par Heudebert au Café-concert du boulevard du Temple, 1865
Le Pion amoureux, pochade-parody, mingled with couplets, 1866
Tapez-moi là-d'ssus !, revue in 4 acts and 8 tableaux, including 1 prologue, with Monréal, 1867
Ah ! qu'c'est bête, ronde burlesque et populaire, music by Léopold Bougnol, 1868
Les Hannetons de l'année, revue in 3 acts and 8 tableaux, including a prologue, with Monréal, 1868
Dagobert et son vélocipède, opérette bouffe in 1 act, 1869
V'là les bêtises qui recommencent, revue in 4 acts and 8 tableaux, with Monréal, 1869
Qui veut voir la lune ?, revue fantaisie in 3 acts and 8 tableaux, with Monréal, 1871
Paris dans l'eau, vaudeville aquatique in 4 acts, with Monréal, 1872
Une poignée de bêtises, revue in 2 acts and 3 tableaux, with Monréal, 1872
La Veuve Malbrough, operetta in 1 act, with Monréal, 1872
La Nuit des noces de la Fille Angot, vaudeville in 1 act, with Monréal, 1873
Les Pommes d'or, operetta féerie in 3 acts and 12 tableaux, with Chivot, Alfred Duru and Monréal, 1873
La Comète à Paris, revue in 3 acts and 10 tableaux, with Hector Monréal, 1874
Ah ! C'est donc toi Mme la Revue !, revue in 3 acts and 10 tableaux, with Monréal, 1874
Pif-Paf, féerie in 5 acts, including 1 prologue and 20 tableaux, with Clairville and Monréal, 1875
La Revue à la vapeur, actualité parisienne in 1 act and 3 tableaux, with Paul Siraudin, Charles Blondelet and Monréal, 1875
L'Ami Fritz-Poulet, parodie à la fourchette, mêlée de chansons à boire et à manger, en deux services, deux entremets et un dessert, with Monréal, 1876
A treize ! tout à treize !, chansonnette, 1876
Les Environs de Paris, voyage d'agrément in 4 acts and 8 tableaux, with Monréal, 1877
Un Hanneton dans la coupole, fantaisie Charentonesque, music by Marc Chautagne, 1877
Le Pays des chimères. Dalloz, song, music by Chautagne, 1877
Une Nuit de noces, folie-vaudeville in 1 act, with Monréal, 1883
Carnot, military drame in 5 acts and 8 tableaux, with Léon Jonathan, 1884
Au Clair de la lune, revue in 4 acts and 8 tableaux, with Monréal and Georges Grisier, 1884
Pêle-mêle gazette, revue in 4 acts and 7 tableaux, with Grisier et Monréal, 1885
La Serinette de Jeannot, vaudeville in 1 act, with Monréal, 1885
Les Terreurs de Jarnicoton, vaudeville-pantomime in 1 act, with Monréal, 1885
Les Victimes du devoir !, chanson dramatique, music by Félicien Vargues, 1885
Paris en général, revue in 4 acts and 10 tableaux, with Grisier and Monréal, 1886
Mam'zelle Clochette, vaudeville in 1 act, with Monréal, 1887
La Petite Francillon, little parody in 1 small prologue, 3 small acts and 2 short intermissions, with Alphonse Lemonnier and Monréal, 1887
Paris-cancans, revue in 3 acts and 8 tableaux, with Monréal, 1888
Paris Exposition, revue in 3 acts, 9 tableaux, with Monréal, 1889
Paris-boulevard, revue in 3 acts, 8 tableaux, with Monréal, 1889
Paris port de mer, revue in 3 acts, 7 tableaux, with Monréal, 1891
Les Variétés de l'année, revue in 3 acts and 9 tableaux, with Monréal, 1892
Les Bicyclistes en voyage, play in 3 acts and 7 tableaux, with Henri Chivot, 1893
Les Rouengaines de l'année, revue in 3 acts, 7 tableaux including a prologue, with Monréal, 1893
Tout Paris en revue, revue in 3 acts and 3 tableaux, with Monréal, 1894
La Revue sans gêne, revue in 3 acts, 9 tableaux, with Monréal and Alfred Delilia, 1894
Vive Robinson !, duo, with Monréal and Delilia, music by Lucien Collin, 1894
Une semaine à Paris, revue in 3 acts, 11 tableaux, with Monréal, 1896
Paris qui marche, revue in 3 acts, 10 tableaux, with Monréal, 1897
Paris sur scène, revue in 3 acts, 8 tableaux, with Monréal, 1897
Folies-Revue, revue in 3 acts, 9 tableaux, with Monréal, 1898
Frou-frou, song, with Monréal, 1898
Madame Méphisto, extravaganza play, in 2 acts and 5 tableaux, with Monréal, 1900
Paris-joujoux, revue in 2 acts and 6 tableaux, with Monréal, 1901
Olympia-Revue, in 4 tableaux, with Monréal, 1903
On demande une étoile, scènes de la vie de théâtre, with Monréal, 1904
Le Paradis de Mahomet, operetta in 3 acts, music by Robert Planquette, 1906
Guignol s'en va-t-en guerre, pochade in 3 tableaux and one prologue, with Victor Buteaux, 1915
Gaspard à Paris, revue d'un permissionnaire in 2 acts and 6 tableaux, with René Pourrière, 1917
Monsieur Bouchenlarge, fantaisie, undated
Pour les distraire, dittie, undated
Bibliography
Pierre Larousse, Nouveau Larousse illustré, supplément 1898 et 1906, (p. 81)
Jean Bergeaud, Je choisis ... mon théâtre: Encyclopédie du théâtre, 1956, (p. 104)
External links
Voir sa fiche sur Artlyriquefr.fr
La chanson Frou-frou on Youtube
19th-century French dramatists and playwrights
French librettists
French chansonniers
Writers from Paris
1841 births
1925 deaths
This is a list of University of Texas at El Paso Miners in the NFL Draft.
Key
Selections
References
UTEP
UTEP Miners NFL Draft
Never Forget may refer to:
Music
"Never Forget" (Take That song), a 1995 song by Take That
Never Forget (musical), a 2008 jukebox musical based on the songs of Take That
Never Forget – The Ultimate Collection, an album by Take That
Never Forget – The Ultimate Collection (DVD), a video compilation by Take That
Never Forget (Alien Father album), 2007
Never Forget (Where You Come From), an album by Bro'Sis
"Never Forget" (Lena Katina song)
"Never Forget" (Greta Salóme and Jónsi song), the 2012 Icelandic Eurovision entry
Film
Never Forget (1991 film), a TV film starring Leonard Nimoy
See also
Never Forget You (disambiguation)
I'll Never Forget You (disambiguation)
Never again
Never Again (disambiguation)
Lest We Forget (disambiguation)
Rubber Rodeo was an American, Rhode Island-based band active in the 1980s. The band fused Roxy Music-influenced new wave music with country and western influences, and dressed in 1950's-vintage country & western clothing. Their 1984 release "Anywhere With You" reached No. 86 on the Billboard Hot 100.
History
Foundation and early years (1980–83)
Rubber Rodeo was founded in Rhode Island in 1980, and initially consisted of Bob Holmes (vocals, guitars), Trish Milliken (vocals, keyboards), Gary Leib (synthesisers), Eddie Stern (pedal steel), Doug Allen (bass) and Bob's brother Barc Holmes (drums). Almost all were students at the Rhode Island School of Design, and lead singers Holmes and Milliken were also romantically involved. Bob Holmes later described the band as "a cross between Gene Autry and Devo". Others noted that when Milliken was singing, Rubber Rodeo sounded something like a countrified Blondie.
Most of the band's material consisted of original songs composed by Bob Holmes, or by the team of Holmes and Milliken. However, the group also recorded takes on country and western classics such as Ennio Morricone's "The Good, The Bad and The Ugly" and the Patsy Cline standard "Walkin' After Midnight". As well, their first independently released single was a cover of Dolly Parton's "Jolene" in 1981. Shortly after this single was released, pedal steel guitarist Stern left the band, to be replaced by Mark Tomeo.
Scenic Views (1984)
After two independent EP releases, on Eat Records, in 1982 and 1983, the band recorded their full-length debut Scenic Views (1984) for Mercury Records. The sessions were not without tension: producer Hugh Jones used a Linn drum machine rather than letting Barc Holmes play, and bassist Allen played only on a portion of the track "Walkin' After Midnight" before being let go by the band. Former Rubber Rodeo producer John Doelp took over on bass for the remainder of the sessions, and was credited with "bass and musical direction" on the final release, although they were not an official member of the group. After the album was made, bassist Hal Cragin was added to the line-up for live work; they also appear as bassist and band member in the videos shot for the Scenic Views album.
Despite the difficulties in making the record, Scenic Views was a moderately successful release. The LP's first single "The Hardest Thing" failed to chart, but the video received significant MTV airplay. The album's second video "Anywhere With You" also received MTV play, and the "Anywhere With You" single was a minor hit in the US, reaching no. 86 on the US Billboard Hot 100 singles chart. Rubber Rodeo's fusion of new wave and country music on the album led music critic J.D. Considine to coin the term "cowboy pop" in their review published in Musician.
Later in 1984, the band picked up a Grammy nomination for a long-form video they made for Scenic Views. The video was produced by Second Story Television and written and directed by David Greenberg. The home video release also included the music video for their early Eat Records single, "How The West Was Won".
Heartbreak Highway (1986)
Before recording their follow-up album, the band's line-up was reshuffled again. Tomeo departed, to be replaced by Ray Gantek on pedal steel and dobro.
The band's second album, 1986's Heartbreak Highway, was produced by Ken Scott, who had previously produced albums by David Bowie and Devo. However, the album was not a commercial success and the band was subsequently dropped by their label. Nevertheless, the group soldiered on for a while, with Reeves Gabrels taking over from Gantek as Rubber Rodeo's steel guitarist.
Break-up and aftermath
The band split up by the end of the 1980s, with their final recording appearing on a 1991 tribute album honouring Duplex Planet poetry naif Ernest Noyes Brookings. By this point, bassist Allen had returned to the group and Rubber Rodeo was credited as a quartet of Bob Holmes, Trish Milliken, Gary Leib, and Doug Allen. Holmes and Milliken's marriage came to an end in the 1990s about the same time they had their child Zane Holmes.
Bob Holmes (not to be confused with the similarly named guitarist from the Boston band Til Tuesday) went on to a successful production career for artists ranging from David Bowie to Nils Lofgren and now produces multi-media in New York City. In 2011 Holmes formed a new band called, The Crusty Gentlemen, with original Rubber Rodeo bassist Doug Allen, pedal steel guitarist Jonathan Gregg, bassist Roger Moley, and banjo player Jeffrey Freidberg. The "Crusties" perform covers of classic blue-grass/country songs, with the occasional cover of popular songs such as, "Sweet Child O' Mine," originally done by Guns N' Roses. Both Doug Allen and Gary Leib, meanwhile, drew upon their art school backgrounds and became noted cartoonists. Elsewhere, Reeves Gabrels moved to London and joined David Bowie's band Tin Machine; and Tomeo, Cragin, and Gantek all carved out careers as notable session musicians. Rubber Rodeo did get back together to record a third album sometime in the 1990s, but it has never seen release.
In November 2007, Gary Leib was interviewed for the Alternative Classix podcast, where they discussed Rubber Rodeo's history and legacy. Bob Holmes and Gary Leib performed in a new project named SUSS, that has been referred to as “ambient country" music.
Discography
Albums
EPs
Rubber Rodeo (1982 Eat Records)
"The Theme for Rubber Rodeo" (1:35)
"Jolene" (4:17)
"Slippin' Away" (4:08)
"How the West Was Won" (3:26)
"Tumblin' Tumbleweeds" (2:36)
"True Confessions" (2:58)
They Had to Go... (1982 Eat Records)
"She Had to Go..." (5:11)
"The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly" (2:44)
"Forbidden Valley" (3:59)
LPs
Scenic Views (1984 Eat Records)
"Need You, Need Me" (4:39)
"Slow Me Down" (3:31)
"Anywhere With You" (4:40)
"Walking After Midnight" (3:56)
"City of God" (5:13)
"The Hardest Thing" (3:15)
"House of Pain" (4:45)
"Mess o' Me" (5:03)
"Before I Go Away (5:57)
"Woman of Straw" (4:20)*
Heartbreak Highway (1986 Mercury Records)
"Heartbreak Highway" (4:33)
"If You're Ever Alone" (4:10)
"Everybody's Talkin'" (3:40)
"Souvenir" (3:48)
"The Civil War" (4:14)
"Deadtown" (4:43)
"When Words Collide" (4:13)
"Look Who's Back" (4:11)
"Maybe Next Year" (4:28)
-*on CD and cassette releases
Singles
"Jolene" (1981)
"She Had To Go" (1982)
"The Hardest Thing" (1984)
"Anywhere With You" (1984)
"Everybody's Talkin'" (1986)
"Souvenir" (1986)
References
1980 establishments in the United States
1989 disestablishments in the United States
Musical groups from Boston
American new wave musical groups
Rock music groups from Massachusetts
Cowpunk musical groups
Musical groups established in 1980
Musical groups disestablished in 1989
Rhode Island School of Design alumni in music
Veselin Anastasov Stoyanov (Веселин Анастасов Стоянов) (20 April 1902 in Shumen – 29 June 1969 in Sofia) was a Bulgarian composer.
In 1937, they began teaching and later became professor of music theory courses at the National Academy of Music (Bulgaria). Stoyanov raised the level of music theory teaching in Bulgaria. Their students included Todor Popov, Dimitar Petkov, Stefan Remenkov, Alexander Tekeliev, Ivan Marinov and others.
Works
Three concertos for piano and orchestra (1942, 1953, 1966); Concerto for Violin and Orchestra; Concerto for Cello and Orchestra; Concertino for violin
Two symphonies; symphonic suite grotesque Bai Ganyo; Festival Overture; symphonic poem Song of Blood; Rhapsody for symphony orchestra
Operas:
Kingdom of Women,
Salambo
Sly Peter 1958
Ballet Pope Joanna
Cantatas
Songs
Recordings
Aria from opera Cunning Peter (хитър Петър) on the story of the folk hero Hitar Petar. Krassimira Stoyanova Orfeo
References
1902 births
1969 deaths
Bulgarian composers
People from Shumen
20th-century composers
Evan J. "Bus" Male (July 31, 1913 – June 26, 1992) was an American college basketball and baseball coach and athletic administrator. They spent their entire career at the University of Virginia.
Male was a three-sport athlete at Virginia (UVA) in the 1930s – earning nine varsity letters. Male returned to their alma mater in 1948 to become first-year student football coach to begin a career in the UVA athletic department that lasted until their retirement in 1965. From 1951 to 1957, Male served as the head men's basketball coach for the Cavaliers. They led the program into the newly-formed Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) in 1953 and finished their six-year tenure with a record of 67–88. From 1956 to 1959 they were head baseball coach, with a record of 37–49 in four seasons.
Following the end of their coaching career, Male worked in the Virginia athletic department in a variety of roles until retiring in 1965. They died on June 26, 1992 in Charlottesville, Virginia at age 78.
References
External links
Basketball coaching record @ sports-reference
1913 births
1992 deaths
American men's basketball coaches
American men's basketball players
College men's basketball head coaches in the United States
Virginia Cavaliers baseball coaches
Virginia Cavaliers baseball players
Virginia Cavaliers football coaches
Virginia Cavaliers football players
Virginia Cavaliers men's basketball coaches
Virginia Cavaliers men's basketball players
Eldred Henry (born 18 September 1994) is an athlete from the British Virgin Islands competing in the shot put and discus throw. They represented their country at the 2016 Summer Olympics finishing last in the qualifying round. Earlier, they competed at the 2014 Commonwealth Games and 2015 Pan American Games.  They are the current national record holder in several events.
International competitions
Personal bests
Outdoor
Shot put – 21.47 (Kingsville 2019) NR and CR and NCAA DII Record
Weight throw – 18.32 (Coolidge 2015) NR
Discus throw – 61.90 (La Jolla 2014) NR
Hammer throw – 47.48 (Hutchinson 2015) NR
Indoor
Shot put – 20.61 (Glendale 2015) NR
Weight throw – 17.97 (Albuquerque 2015) NR
References
All-Athletics profile
1994 births
Living people
British Virgin Islands male athletes
Athletes (track and field) at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2015 Pan American Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2018 Commonwealth Games
Competitors at the 2018 Central American and Caribbean Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2019 Pan American Games
Olympic athletes of the British Virgin Islands
Commonwealth Games competitors for the British Virgin Islands
Pan American Games competitors for the British Virgin Islands
Central American and Caribbean Games bronze medalists for the British Virgin Islands
People from Road Town
Male shot putters
Male discus throwers
Central American and Caribbean Games medalists in athletics
Koo Koo Roo was an American fast casual restaurant chain specializing in charbroiled chicken founded in 1988 by Los Angeles-based restaurateurs Mike and Ray Badalian. The name "Koo Koo Roo" was an onomatopoeic reference to the crow of a rooster. After a series of expansions and ownership changes, in which Koo Koo Roo struggled for profitability throughout the 1990s, the last location in Santa Monica, California, closed in 2014. In 2021, Luby's Restaurants, Inc. sold Koo Koo Roo to an independent third party.
History
The Badalian brothers originally ran two locations in Los Angeles, one in Koreatown and the other on Beverly Boulevard close to the Beverly Center. The brothers opened their first restaurant in 1988 on west Sixth Street near Normandie Avenue in Los Angeles. The restaurant served skinless chicken that was marinated in vegetable juices and char-broiled over open flames and served with a fold-able Middle Eastern inspired flatbread that they called "Koo Koo Roo bread." The only sides available were a Middle Eastern cucumber and onion salad, an eggplant salad, and a mixture of pinto and Northern beans. The only dessert initially available was frozen yogurt. Everything on the initial menu had relative low calories when compared to offerings at other chicken restaurants.
On the evening of , Kenneth Berg, a retired real estate broker from New York, stopped at the Beverly Boulevard location to get dinner, particularly a meal for them to take home while they watched the 62nd Academy Awards. Impressed by the quality of the food, Berg met with the Badalians and later invested as a silent partner, eventually investing more and taking control of the restaurant. The following year, the company became public with its stock being traded on NASDAQ under the stock ticker KKRO.
The company had 15 locations in February 1992. Two years later, the number of locations had dropped to 8.
In a bid to diversify the company, Koo Koo Roo launched a coffee bar chain called Arrosto Coffee Co. and acquired a color-your-own-ceramics chain called Color Me Mine in 1996. The following year, Koo Koo Roo acquired the bankrupted 14-outlet Hamburger Hamlet chain for .
After suffering financial problems during the previous three years, the company was acquired by Family Restaurants Inc., the owner of Chi-Chi's and El Torito Mexican restaurants, in 1998 for $143 million in stock. At the time of the announcement, Koo Koo Roo had 38 locations in California, Florida, and Nevada. Before the acquisition was completed, Koo Koo Roo sold off its Arrosto Coffee Co. and Color Me Mine chains.
Immediate after Family Restaurants completed the acquisition of the Koo Koo Roo and Hamburger Hamlet chains, Family Restaurants Inc., renamed itself Koo Koo Roo Enterprises and then Prandium Inc. a few months later. Prandium was the parent company for the Koo Koo Roo, El Torito, Chi-Chi's and Hamburger Hamlet chains.
By January 1999, Koo Koo Roo had 40 locations.
In 2003, the Prandium subsidiaries Koo Koo Roo, Chi-Chi's, and Hamburger Hamlet, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. At the time of the filing, Koo Koo Roo had 28 locations, down from 38 in 2001. As the result of the filing, the company was acquired by Magic Brands. Three years later, the number of locations dropped to 13 before Magic Brands closed an additional 10 locations. Luby's acquired Koo Koo Roo and its remaining 3 locations in 2010 after parent Magic Brands filed for bankruptcy. Luby's sold Koo Koo Roo in 2021 and it is now independently owned.
See also
List of chicken restaurants
List of fast-food chicken restaurants
References
External links
1988 establishments in California
1998 mergers and acquisitions
2003 mergers and acquisitions
2010 mergers and acquisitions
2014 disestablishments in California
Companies based in Los Angeles
Defunct restaurant chains in the United States
Fast casual restaurants
Fast-food chains of the United States
Fast-food franchises
Fast-food poultry restaurants
Regional restaurant chains in the United States
Restaurants established in 1988
Restaurants in California
Three Bridges, properly known as Windmill Bridge, is a three-level crossing of bridges near Hanwell in west London, United Kingdom. Designed by Isambard Kingdom Brunel, the bridges are a clever arrangement allowing the routes of the Grand Junction Canal, Great Western and Brentford Railway, and Windmill Lane to cross each other: road above canal above railway. This allowed the railway to be in a deep cutting so it wasn't visible from Osterley Park. Work began in 1856, and was completed in 1859. The project was Brunel's last to be finished before they died on 15 September 1859.
The structure is a scheduled monument.
See also
List of canal aqueducts in Great Britain
References
Scheduled monuments in London
Navigable aqueducts in England
Bridges by Isambard Kingdom Brunel
Coal in Europe describes the use of coal as an energy fuel in Europe. Coal includes hard coal, black coal, and brown coal.
Coal production in Europe is falling, and imports exceed production. There is, however, growing controversy in Europe over the use of coal, as many denounce it for reasons such as health risks and links to global warming.
Coal supply in the EU
International Energy Agency reports data for EU28 countries since 1990. According to IEA, EU28 countries use of coal as fuel went from 5,289 TWh in 1990 to 3,057 TWh in 2015, a reduction of 42%. During the same period, coal use in the world increased by 73%. EU28 use of coal:
1990 – 5,289 TWh
1995 – 4,246 TWh
2000 – 3,735 TWh
2005 – 3,702 TWh
2010 – 3,293 TWh
2015 – 3,057 TWh
Coal types
Coal includes anthracite, bituminous coal, lignite, and peat. Coal from fields differ in ash and moisture content, energy value, volatile elements, sulphur content, and other properties. Anthracite and bituminous coal are relatively high value compared to lignite and peat, which have lower energy and higher moisture contents. Coal is often used in the iron and steel industry, or to produce energy.
Production and import
Russia (365 Mt), Germany (176 Mt) and Poland (131 Mt) are the largest producers of coal in Europe as of 2016. Largest net importer was Germany with 53 Mt, and the largest net exporter was Russia with 147 Mt. The Largest electricity production from coal in 2016 were in Germany (284 TWh), Russia (159 TWh) and Poland (133 TWh).
Electricity
In 2020 think tank Carbon Tracker estimated that over 80% of coal-fired plants were already more expensive than new renewables and that all of them would be by 2025.
Opposition
Coal, as the largest artificial contributor to carbon dioxide emissions, has been attacked for its detrimental effects on health. Coal has been linked to acid rain, smog pollution, respiratory diseases, mining accidents, reduced agricultural yields and climate change. Proponents of coal downplay these claims and instead advocate the low cost of using coal for energy.
Coal technology has also advanced over the years, and emissions of soot and gases released in the burning of coal have been greatly reduced. New coal pollution mitigation technology, which often refers to carbon capture and storage, is a new and still-developing technology that seeks to capture carbon dioxide from power plants, and prevent it from entering the atmosphere by storing it. Proponents of this approach argue that it can effectively eliminate coal's contributions to climate change, while opponents doubt whether it can be done on a large scale.
The Dutch Research Institute CE Delft estimates that the worldwide "external costs", or hidden costs, of coal in 2007 were €360 billion, excluding the costs of accidents, mining damages, and any loss of cultural heritage or human rights violations that occur as a result of coal production. According to IEA the coal based emissions in 1971–2008 were 303,262 Mt worldwide, 58,210 Mt (19.2%) in OECD Europe, and 5,086 Mt (1.7%) in non-OECD Europe. Europe here excludes European Russia and all the ex-Soviet states. The estimated external costs of coal carbon emissions in 2007 were €69 billion in OECD Europe and €6 billion in non-OECD Europe.
On 20 June 2022, Dutch climate and energy minister Rob Jetten announces that the Netherlands will remove all restrictions on the operation of coal-fired power stations until at least 2024, in response to Russia's refusal to export natural gas to the country. Operations were previously limited to less than a third of the total production.
The coal mining industry also has occupational hazards. In the Komi Republic, Russia, at the centre of the mining industry, occupational diseases are five time more prevalent than in the rest of the Russian Federation. Accidents are also known to happen in coal mines, caused by the liberation of methane from mining.
Accidents
Gleision Colliery mining accident UK September 2011
Suhodolskaya-Vostochnaya coal mine Ukraine July 2011
2010 Zonguldak mine disaster Turkey May 2010
Raspadskaya mine explosion Russia, May 2010
2009 Wujek-Śląsk mine blast Poland, September 2009
2009 Handlová mine blast Slovakia, August 2009
Petrila Mine disaster Romania November 2008
2008 Ukraine coal mine collapse Ukraine June 2008
2007 Zasyadko mine disaster Ukraine November 2007
Yubileynaya mine Russia May 2007
Ulyanovskaya Mine disaster Russia, March 2007
Luisenthal Mine Germany February 1962
Marcinelle mining disaster Belgium August 1956
Courrières mine disaster France March 1906
Climate change
Annual coal carbon emissions (2005–2008 average) were the highest per capita in Europe in Czech Republic 7.4, Kazakhstan 6.9, Poland 5.5, Finland 4.8, Serbia 4.5 and Germany 4.1.
See also
Coal mining
Mine fire
Mining accident
Problems in coal mining
Coal mining in the United Kingdom
Coal power in the United States
References
External links
EU Coal Regions in Transition
Climate Action Network Europe: Coal Phase Out
Europe Beyond Coal
European Coal Map
Climate Analytics
Powering past coal alliance
Europe
European Coal and Steel Community
Bahmanabad (, also Romanized as Bahmanābād) is a village in Estabraq Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 31, in 9 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Chaetodon pelewensis, the dot dash butterflyfish, spotbanded butterflyfish or punctato butterflyfish, is a species of marine ray-finned fish, a butterflyfish belonging to the family Chaetodontidae. It is found in the western Pacific Ocean.
Description
Chaetodon pelwensis has a dusky yellow body with diagonal stripes across the body and black-margined gold vertical bar through the eye. There is a black spot on the head. The stripes break up into spots towards the head and on the lower flanks. The margins of the fins are bright yellow and the base of the caudal fin is bright orange. The dorsal fin has 13-14 spines and 22-25 soft rays while the anal fin has 3 spines and 17-18 soft rays. It attains a maximum total length of .
Distribution
Chaetodon pelewensis is found across the southern Pacific Ocean from Papua New Guinea to the Tuamotu Archipelago. This species is abundant on the Great Barrier Reef and in the Coral Sea. In Australia it extends as far south as central New South Wales and Lord Howe Island.
Habitat and biology
Chaetodon pelewensis is found in coral reefs at depths of at least . They feed largely on coral polyps and some benthic invertebrates. This species is oviparous and monogamous, breeding in pairs. Occasionally it will form mixed pairs with the spotband butterflyfish (C. punctatofasciatus), and these species are known to hybridise.
Taxonomy and etymology
Chaetodon pelewensis was first formally described in 1868 by the Austrian ichthyologist Rudolf Kner (1810-1869) with the type locality given as Palau in the Western Pacific, Pelew Inseln in German, in error when the correct type locality is probably the Society Islands. The specific name reflects the erroneous designation of the type locality. This species is placed in the subgenus Exornator, if the genus Chaetodon is split up, Exornator might become a subgenus of Lepidochaetodon.
Utilisation
Chaetodon pelewensis is commonly found in the aquarium trade and in the period 1988 to 2002 over 12,000 individuals of this species were traded.
References
External links
pelewensis
Taxa named by Rudolf Kner
Fish described in 1868
Gebhart Tavern, also known as the Daniel Gebhart Tavern Museum, is a small museum located in Miamisburg, Ohio, United States. It is a popular attraction in Miamisburg and is currently being run by the Miamisburg Historical Society.
History
The building was first opened as a frontier tavern in 1811 by Daniel Gebhart. The tavern served as a popular travel destination in the 19th century. Today only the house remains due to the destruction of the property from the 1913 Great Dayton Flood which affected all of Miamisburg as well. In 1968 and 1975 the tavern was restored into a museum.
Timber from the building has been used for dendrochonological research.
External links
Daniel Gebhart Tavern Museum - Miamisburg Historical Society
References
History museums in Ohio
Museums in Montgomery County, Ohio
Miamisburg, Ohio
cWOW Gallery, also known as City Without Walls Gallery, is located in Newark, New Jersey, occupying a building on Halsey Street at Crawford Street in the Lincoln Park/The Coast Cultural District.
City Without Walls is New Jersey's oldest not-for-profit alternative art space, in continuous operation since 1975 with a "two-fold mission offers career development opportunities to new and emerging artists, while providing the public a chance to understand and enjoy challenging contemporary art." The alternative art space relies on members to curate their on-site and off-site gallery spaces, cWOW, which stands for City Without Walls, has an estimated 6-10 exhibitions per year. It also runs three educational programs called City Murals, Newark New Media, and ArtReach.
cWOW operates a gallery in the atrium of One Newark Center. Both spaces are on the citywide Open Doors Studio Tour.
See also
City Without Walls
Aljira, a Center for Contemporary Art
Newark Museum
References
External links
Culture of Newark, New Jersey
Tourist attractions in Newark, New Jersey
Art museums and galleries in New Jersey
Buildings and structures in Newark, New Jersey
Tyler James Sikkema (born July 25, 1998) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Kansas City Royals organization. They played college baseball for the Missouri Tigers.
Amateur career
Sikkema attended Central DeWitt High School in DeWitt, Iowa. In 2016, their senior season, they went 8-1 with a 1.03 ERA, earning All-State honors. Unselected in the 2016 Major League Baseball draft, they enrolled at the University of Missouri where they played college baseball for the Missouri Tigers.
In 2017, Sikkema's first-year student year at Missouri, they appeared in 22 games (three starts), pitching to an 8-2 record with a 2.72 ERA and four saves, earning a spot on the All-SEC Freshman Team. As a sophomore in 2018, Sikkema pitched in 16 games (making ten starts), going 3-5 with a 3.34 ERA. After the season, they played for the Falmouth Commodores of the Cape Cod Baseball League where they went 1-3 with a 1.72 ERA in innings, and was named a league all-star. In 2019, their junior season, they compiled a 7-4 record with a 1.32 ERA in 17 games (13 starts), striking out 101 batters in innings. They were named to the All-SEC Second Team.
Professional career
New York Yankees organization
Sikkema was selected by the New York Yankees with the 38th overall selection of the 2019 Major League Baseball draft. They signed with the Yankees for the slot value of $1.95 million and made their professional debut with the Staten Island Yankees of the Class A Short Season New York–Penn League. Over innings, they gave up one run. They did not play a minor league game in 2020 due to the cancellation of the minor league season caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. They missed all of the 2021 season due to a shoulder injury.
Sikkema was assigned to the Hudson Valley Renegades of the High-A South Atlantic League to begin the 2022 season.
Kansas City Royals organization
On July 27, 2022, Sikkema (alongside Beck Way and Chandler Champlain) was traded to the Kansas City Royals in exchange for Andrew Benintendi. They were subsequently assigned to the Northwest Arkansas Naturals of the Double-A Texas League. Over 18 starts between Hudson Valley and Northwest Arkansas, Sikkema went 1-6 with a 4.83 ERA and 83 strikeouts over 69 innings. They were selected to play in the Arizona Fall League for the Surprise Saguaros after the season.
References
External links
Missouri Tigers bio
1998 births
Living people
People from Clinton, Iowa
Baseball players from Iowa
Baseball pitchers
Missouri Tigers baseball players
Staten Island Yankees players
Hudson Valley Renegades players
Northwest Arkansas Naturals players
Falmouth Commodores players
Pierre Lubac (born 17 February 1968) is a French sprint canoer who competed from the late 1980s to the early 2000s (decade). Competing in four Summer Olympics, they earned their best finish of fifth in the K-2 1000 m event at Atlanta in 1996.
References
Sports-reference.com profile
1968 births
Canoeists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Canoeists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Canoeists at the 2000 Summer Olympics
French male canoeists
Living people
Olympic canoeists of France
Mal Radobil is a village in Municipality of Prilep, North Macedonia.
Demographics
According to the 2002 census, the village had a total of 10 inhabitants. Ethnic groups in the village include:
Macedonians 10
References
Villages in Prilep Municipality
Lato () was an ancient city of Crete.
Lato may also refer to:
Lato (surname)
Lato (river), an Italian river
Lato (typeface), a humanist sans-serif font
Latô (Caulerpa lentillifera), an edible seaweed
See also
Leto
Candy Augustine Agbane (born 22 December 1996 in Lagos, Nigeria) is a Nigerian professional footballer who plays as an winger for Bangladesh Premier League side Chittagong Abahani.
Club career
Ikorodu United
They began their career in the Ikorodu United F.C. in Nigeria Premier League.
Yenicami Ağdelen
In August 2016, Agbane joined Süper Lig club Yenicami Ağdelen on a two-year deal.
Lefke TSK (loan)
They joined Lefke TSK in September 2017.
After a successful loan spell, they joined the Northern Cyprus club on a permanent deal.
MŠK Tesla Stropkov
On 3 March 2019, Agbane signed for Slovakian 3. Liga side Stropkov at the start of the 2019–2020.
Lefke TSK
After a season in Slovakia, they returned to Lefke TSK in January 2020.
Chittagong Abahani
After a very short spell at Mesarya SK, Candy signed for Bangladesh Premier League club Chittagong Abahani as mid-season signing in April, 2022. It was their first ever club from Asia. They scored 4 goals and provided 4 assists in 10 appearances for the club in first season. They scored once and assisted twice in the last match of the season. In August 2022, Candy signed a contract extension with Ctg Abahani for 2022–23 season.
References
External links
Futbalnet profile
www.ktff.org/BilgiBankasi/FutbolcuDetayi/17191
1996 births
Living people
Nigerian footballers
Nigerian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Slovakia
Nigerian expatriate sportspeople in Slovakia
MŠK Tesla Stropkov players
Nigeria Professional Football League players
Association football forwards
Expatriate footballers in Northern Cyprus
Nigerian expatriate sportspeople in Northern Cyprus
Cedar County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, the population was 18,505. Its county seat is Tipton. The county is named for the Cedar River, which runs through the county.
Cedar County is located between the Cedar Rapids, Quad Cities and Iowa City metropolitan areas, areas also known as the "Tri-Metro" county. It is the only Iowa county which shares the name of a tree. Cedar County was the focus of the Iowa Cow War of 1931.
History
Cedar County was formed on December 21, 1837, from sections of Dubuque County. It was named for the Cedar River.
In 1840, the City of Tipton, the current county seat, was established.
Before the Civil War, the area around West Branch was an active focal point of the Underground Railroad, a network for the freeing of slaves from the southern states.
The former US President Herbert Hoover (1874-1964) was born in West Branch in Cedar County.
The Cedar County Sheriff's House and Jail is believed to be the last jail and residence combination still in use when it closed in 2001. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.4%) is water. Rock Creek flows through Cedar County.
Major highways
Interstate 80
U.S. Highway 6
U.S. Highway 30
Iowa Highway 38
Iowa Highway 130
Adjacent counties
Jones County (north)
Clinton County (northeast)
Scott County (southeast)
Muscatine County (south)
Johnson County (west)
Linn County (northwest)
National protected area
Herbert Hoover National Historic Site
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 18,505 in the county, with a population density of . 96.29% of the population reported being of one race. 91.92% were non-Hispanic White, 0.45% were Black, 2.50% were Hispanic, 0.28% were Native American, 0.34% were Asian, 0.01% were Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander and 4.51% were some other race or more than one race. There were 8,190 housing units of which 7,594 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 13,956 in the county, with a population density of . There were 8,064 housing units, of which 7,511 were occupied.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 18,187 people, 7,147 households, and 5,138 families residing in the county. The population density was 31 people per square mile (12/km2). There were 7,570 housing units at an average density of 13 per square mile (5/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 98.47% White, 0.19% Black or African American, 0.19% Native American, 0.30% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 0.26% from other races, and 0.57% from two or more races. 0.94% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 7,147 households, out of which 33.30% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.60% were married couples living together, 6.70% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.10% were non-families. 23.70% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.90% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 2.96.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.30% under the age of 18, 6.90% from 18 to 24, 27.70% from 25 to 44, 23.80% from 45 to 64, and 16.20% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 97.50 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.60 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $42,198, and the median income for a family was $48,850. Males had a median income of $32,008 versus $23,260 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,200. About 4.00% of families and 5.50% of the population were below the poverty line, including 5.00% of those under age 18 and 7.70% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Bennett
Clarence
Durant
Lowden
Mechanicsville
Stanwood
Tipton
West Branch
Wilton
Census-designated place
Rochester
Unincorporated communities
Buchanan
Cedar Bluff
Cedar Valley
Centerdale
Downey
Lime City
Plato
Massillon
Springdale
Sunbury
Wald
Townships
Cedar County is divided into seventeen townships:
Cass
Center
Dayton
Fairfield
Farmington
Fremont
Gower
Inland
Iowa
Linn
Massillon
Pioneer
Red Oak
Rochester
Springdale
Springfield
Sugar Creek
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Cedar County.
† county seat
Notable people
Herbert Hoover (1874–1964), the 31st President of the United States (1929–1933) and the first president born west of the Mississippi River (born in West Branch in 1874).
John Brown (1800–1859), abolitionist, maintained their headquarters at William Maxson's house near the small community of Springdale in Cedar County while planning their Harpers Ferry raid; Edwin and Barclay Coppock of Springdale participated in the raid.
Lawrie Tatum (1822–1900), an Indian Agent to the Kiowa and Comanche tribes and, beginning in 1884, guardian to future President Herbert Hoover.
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Cedar County, Iowa
References
External links
Official Cedar County Government website
Cedar County Economic Development Commission
1837 establishments in Wisconsin Territory
Populated places established in 1837
Herman Frison (born 16 April 1961, in Geel) is a former Belgian professional road bicycle racer and former assistant manager at Lotto-Soudal. During the 1987 Tour de France they managed to go on a solo attack during a relatively short stage that took place entirely within West Germany. Stage 4 was only about 80km long and went from Stuttgart to Pforzheim, but Frison managed to stay away from the peloton and win the stage by about a minute and a half ahead of the main field.
Major results
1984
Booischot
1985
Tongerlo
1986
GP Stad Vilvoorde
Leeuwse Pijl
Chaumont - Gistoux
1987
Peer
Four Days of Dunkirk
Tour de France:
Winner stage 4
Grote 1-Mei Prijs
1988
Polder-Kempen
Kalmthout
Humbeek
Geetbets
1989
Omloop Hageland-Zuiderkempen
Sint-Katelijne-Waver
Viane
1990
Nokere Koerse
Gent–Wevelgem
1991
Nationale Sluitingsprijs
Wetteren
1992
Wavre
Dilsen
1993
Druivenkoers Overijse
1994
Heusden O-Vlaanderen
External links
Belgian male cyclists
1961 births
Living people
Belgian Tour de France stage winners
People from Geel
Cyclists from Antwerp Province
Andreyevka () is a rural locality (a selo) in Pervomaysky Selsoviet, Derbentsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 326 as of 2010. The village has an Azerbaijani-majority. There are 8 streets.
Geography
Andreyevka is located 20 km northwest of Derbent (the district's administrative centre) by road. Imeni Michurina and Yuny Pakhar are the nearest rural localities.
References
Rural localities in Derbentsky District
The People's Commissariat of Defense of the Soviet Union () was the highest military department of the Soviet Union from 1934 to 1946.
History
In the 1920–1930s, the highest military authority of the Russian Socialist Federative Soviet Republic/Soviet Union was called the People's Commissariat for Military and Naval Affairs.
On June 20, 1934, the People's Commissariat for Military and Naval Affairs of the Soviet Union was transformed into the All-Union People's Commissariat for Defense of the Soviet Union. On December 30, 1937, the People's Commissariat of the Navy of the Soviet Union was allocated from it.
On February 1, 1944, in connection with the adoption of the Law of the Soviet Union on the creation of military formations of the Union republics, the People's Commissariat of Defense of the Soviet Union was transformed from the–Union People's Commissariat into the Union–Republican. The Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic has created its own People's Commissariat of Defense.
On February 25, 1946, by decree of the Presidium of the Supreme Council of the Soviet Union, the People's Commissariat of Defense of the Soviet Union merged with the People's Commissariat of the Navy of the Soviet Union into a single Union–Republican People's Commissariat of the Armed Forces of the Soviet Union. Under this name, the central authority was designated in documents for less than a month, since in accordance with the Law of the Soviet Union of March 15, 1946 on the transformation of the Councils of People's Commissars of the Soviet Union and Union Republics into Councils of Ministers, it was renamed the Ministry of Armed Forces of the Soviet Union. On February 25, 1947, in accordance with the asupervisorstioned decisions, amendments were made to the Constitution of the Soviet Union.
The printing organ of the People's Commissariat for Military and Naval Affairs in the part of the General Staff was the Military Affairs magazine.
The central organ of the People's Commissariat of Defense of the Soviet Union to educate the commanding and rank-and-file staff of the Red Army, to promote combat training tasks and to develop advanced military thought was the Krasnaya Zvezda newspaper.
People's Commissars
Clement Voroshilov (June 20, 1934 – May 7, 1940)
Semen Tymoshenko (May 7, 1940 – July 19, 1941)
Joseph Stalin (July 19, 1941 – February 25, 1946)
Key Documents
Structure
On July 26, 1940
General Staff of the Red Army,
General Directorate of Political Propaganda of the Red Army,
Main Directorate of the Air Forces of the Red Army,
Main Artillery Directorate of the Red Army,
Main Armored Directorate of the Red Army,
Main Military Engineering Directorate of the Red Army,
Main quartermaster department of the Red Army,
Department of combat training of the Red Army,
Air Defense Administration of the Red Army,
Office of Communications of the Red Army,
Office of the Military Chemical Defense of the Red Army,
Red Army Fuel Supply Administration,
Management of higher military educational institutions of the Red Army,
Department of military educational institutions of the Red Army,
Office of the Red Army
Sanitary Administration of the Red Army,
Veterinary Administration of the Red Army,
Office of the People's Commissar of Defense,
Finance Department at the People's Commissar of Defense.
See also
Ministry of Defense of the Soviet Union
General base
Ministry of Defense of the Russian Federation
References
Sources
External links
List of Orders of the People's Commissar of Defense of the Soviet Union
Diplomats of the People's Commissariat of Defense: On the Eve and During the War on the Website of the Ministry of Defense of Russia
Command and control
Military of the Soviet Union
Nick Jr. is a TV channel aimed at an audience of preschool children.
Nick Jr. or Nickelodeon Junior may also refer to:
Regional versions
Nick Jr. (Africa)
Nick Jr. (Arabia)
Nick Jr. (Australia and New Zealand)
Nick Jr. (CIS), in Russian
Nickelodeon Junior, a TV channel in France
Nick Jr. (Germany)
Nick Jr India
Nick Jr. (Italy)
Nick Jr. (Latin America)
Nick Jr. (Netherlands & Flanders)
Nick Jr. (Poland), an MTV channel
Nick Jr. (Portugal)
Nick Jr. (Scandinavia)
Nick Jr. (South East Asia)
Nick Jr. (Turkey)
Nick Jr. (UK & Ireland)
Programming blocks
Nick Jr. (block), a block of programming on Nickelodeon US
Nick Jr. (Greece)
Nick Jr. on CBS, a defunct block
Nick Jr., a block on Nickelodeon Canada
See also
Nick Jr. 2, a second TV channel in the UK and Ireland
Coffea charrieriana, also known as Charrier coffee, is a species of flowering plant from the Coffea genus. It is a caffeine-free coffee plant endemic to Cameroon in Central Africa. It is the first recorded caffeine-free Coffea in Central Africa, and the second to be recorded in Africa. The first caffeine-free species was previously discovered in Kenya, named C. pseudozanguebariae. The International Institute for Species Exploration at Arizona State University and a committee of taxonomists and scientists voted the C. charrieriana as one of the top 10 species described in 2008.
Taxonomy
Coffea charrieriana is classified under the Rubiaceae family and the genus of Coffea. They are currently 120 species of Coffea spread in tropical Africa and Asia, in which two species; Coffea arabica and Coffea canephora dominate worldwide coffee plant production, making up 99% of produce.
Distribution and habitat
This plant is endemic to West Cameroon in the Bakossi Forest Reserve. It grows in a habitat of wet rainforest on rocky slopes of an altitude of 160m and a mean elevation range of 300m. It is highly threatened by deforestation for logging and palm oil production in its vulnerable lowland forest habitat.
History
Coffea charrieriana was discovered in 2008 and the findings were published in a paper named “A new caffeine-free coffee from Cameroon” to the Botanical Journal of the Linnean Society. The plant was named by authors of the paper, Piet Stoffelen and Francois Anthony in honour of Professor A. Charrier who had made significant efforts towards the coffee industry. Their work included leading the coffee breeding research and collection at Institute Research for Development (IRD) for the last 30 years of the 20th century. They also held a position at the French Office of Genetic Resources (BRG) from 1988 to 1993.  They are currently working as the director of research at National Institute for Agricultural Research (INRA),focusing on plant genetics and breeding.
As a result of collaboration from Institute of Research for Development (IRD), Biodiversity International, Paris Museum of Natural History and the French Agricultural Research Centre in 1966–1987, coffee plants from Madagascar, Comoros, Mascarene Islands, Guinea, Ivory Coast, Cameroon, Central Africa, Congo, Ethiopia, Kenya and Tanzania were collected. The cuttings from C. charrieriana were first collected in 1985 from Bakossi Forest Reserve in Cameroon in Central Africa along with 70 other Coffea species, many that were already taxonomically identified. Though the C. charrieriana was identified to be morphologically different to previously identified Coffea species, further work was not done until 1997. In 1997 the cuttings were sent to Institute of Research for Development (IRD) in which further study such as observations of seed coat, anatomical observations of the leaves and biochemical analysis was undertaken. It wasn't until 2008 that after morphological and genetic studies of this species, was it recognised as a new species of Coffea. Genotyping analysis reveals C. charrieriana to have diverged from a common ancestor 11.15 million years ago.
Description
Coffea charrieriana can grow up to a range of 5-10m in height and spreads 5-7m. The shrubs can grow to 1-1.5m high., whilst the branchlets are 1-2mm in diameter. The stipules have tiny hairs at the top and overlap each other and are deltate to triangular in shape and 2mm long. The C. charrieriana has small and thin leaves that are elliptical in frame. The base of the leaf is slightly wedged in shape whilst the apex of the leaf tapers to a round tip. This tapering point is roughly 7-13mm long. Both the top and bottom of the leaf surface is free of hair and smooth. The leaves petioles are 2mm long. Its leaf blades are 4–8 cm (length) x 2.2 – 3.5 cm (breath) in dimensions and features 3-7 secondary nerve cells per side of the midvein. The tertiary veins are reticulated, having a thread-like structure. The leaf also has domatia structures which are hairless. Anatomically, the leaf structure consists of an upper epidermis (20-30 μm), palisade mesophyll (20-30 μm), spongy mesophyll (45-70 μm), and lower epidermis (10-20 μm). This structure is quite similar to the ones found in other Coffea species. However comparatively to other Coffea species, the leaves are thin at 100-130μm thick and contain very few secondary nerves. These properties differ from other Coffea species specifically found in Central Africa, and resemble that of P.ebracteolatus, a wild species found in Africa. The size of the individual leaf structure components are also much smaller than the average seen in most other Coffea species. In addition, this abnormally small leaf characteristic is one of three knowns in Central Africa, along with C.anthonyi and C.kapakata.
There are 1-2 inflorescence per stem and each inflorescence contains one flower and two calyculi. The calyculi are divided into upper and lower structures. The lower calyculus has a rim shape with 2 smaller leave lobes. The upper calyculus has two broadly triangular shaped stipulars and two narrowly shaped elliptical foliar lobes. This plant consists fruits that are drupes in nature that each contain two pyrenes, with one seed per pyrene. The fruit is connected to a hairless peduncle that is 2mm long. The red and flesh] fruit is 9-10mm x 7mm in size whilst the coffee seed inside is elliptic in shape and covered in a seed coat made from parenchymatous. Comparatively to other Coffea species, the C.charrieriana lacks sclereids in its seed coat, the absence of sclereids is seen in plants of the genus Psilanthus and other Madagascan species. The seed measures 5mm long x 4mm wide x 3mm thick. Characteristic of a Coffea species, the seed is rounded, smooth and grooved. The flowers have no stalk and consists of 5 petals. The white corolla tube is 1mm long while the lobes are 5-8mm long and 2-3mm broad. The flower's gynoecium is a small disc that sits on the top of the ovary and surrounded by a truncated, smooth calyx limb. The characteristics of the flower closely match those of the Coffea genus. In the flower, the anthers and style protrude out, the anthers are also attached to the corolla. The short filament that connects to the zone between the tube, lobes and corolla is not semi-transparent, making it a distinct species from closely related genus Psilanthus in which this section is generally semi-transparent in colour. The C.charrieriana also possesses a corolla tube (1mm long), style (10mm long), two lobed stigmas (2mm long), anther (3mm long) and anther filament (2mm long). The size of the corolla tube, corolla lobes and anthers differ from other known Coffea species from Central Africa.
Biochemistry
Biochemical analysis of the seeds reveals that they are caffeine-free, this caffeine-free biochemical characteristic is generally found in Madagascan Coffea species. Studies reported 30 out of 47 Madagascan Coffea species had very little or no traces of caffeine. It is the second caffeine-free species, along with C.pseudozanguebariae which grows in a coastal dry forest near the Indian ocean. It is suggested that the absence of caffeine in the Coffea species is due to spliceosome deficiency. Though the plants contain the necessary genes to produce caffeine, due to a malfunction in the protein synthesis pathway as a result of incorrect splicing patterns, caffeine is not produced. Caffeine absence is caused by a monogenic inheritance pattern, with the involvement of one gene and two alleles, the plant containing the recessive allele leads to no caffeine content. On the other hand, it is likely that caffeine production level is controlled by polygenic inheritance and the amount of caffeine produced is a genetic factor. Through further analysis, it was found that instead of accumulation of caffeine, the deficient caffeine synthase gene responsible for caffeine production had instead produced a substance called theobromine in its place. This discovery by scientists led to further understanding about the genetics of caffeine in Coffea plants, and the ability to hybridize coffee plants with caffeine-free plants to produce a decaf line of seeds with lower caffeine concentrations. It also opened up the option of removing this particular gene in plants containing caffeine to create a caffeine-free plant.
Compared to other Coffea, C. charrieriana along with C. canephora and C. mannii has significantly lower linoleic acid percentage. The C.charrieriana also had the lowest polyunsaturated fatty acid content (<30%) and 0.8% dry matter basis. As a result, though originating from Africa, the C. charrieriana is closer phylogenetically to Madagascan, than African species (Dussert et al. 2008, 2953). By examining C. charrieriana's leaf components, it forms a separate gene cluster to the C. anthonyi, C. arabica, C. canephora, C. humilis, C. kapakata, C liberica, C. liberica var liberica and C. mannii. C. charrieriana also has lower caffeoylquinic acids (CQA) than other Coffea species From analysing the fatty acid content alone, the C.charrieriana is most closely related to C.congensis and forms a separate clade from the other 59 Coffea genotypes.
Further genetic analysis of long tandem repeat retrotransposons (LTR-RT), more specifically of the lineages SIRE and Del were analysed for the C.charrieriana. LTR-RT are redundant sections of the plant genome. It was found that whilst other West and Central African Coffea species contained 4.5-5.1% of SIRE lineage, the C.charrieriana contained 3.2%. In addition, the C.charrieriana also had the lowest percentage of Del fraction, at 13.1% compared to 14–16.2% found in other West and Central African species. This suggests that with the observations of SIRE and Del, the C.charrieriana is genetically distinct to its geographical counterpart species.
Coffea charrieriana also has the largest chloroplast genome within the Coffea genus. When clustering the 52 species from Coffea and Psilanthus, the C.charrieriana, along with another species, the P.travancorensis, were excluded from the clusters due to poor analysis results. Though the C.charrieriana originates from Cameroon, genetic results suggest a placement of the C.charrieriana between the two genus of Psilanthus and Coffea. It is genetically similar to West and Central African Coffea species but shares morphological similarities with Psilanthus, such as its vegetation. The difficulty in grouping C.charrieriana is likely the result of ancient hybridisation between the C.charrieriana and a Psilanthus chloroplast, leading to a mixed genome.
Alkaloids are found in many plants including coffee and tea but only very little amounts were present in the C.charrieriana.
Cultivation and use
Coffea charrieriana grows in wet places with plenty of sunshine. During dry periods, the species undergoes floral bud morphogenesis but the flowering buds do not emerge until the next rainfall event. After rain, a flowering event was seen in 7 days. The time it takes for flowering of all Coffea species ranges from 5–13 days, making correct timing of hybridization difficult.
Similar to other Coffea species, the fleshy fruit of the C. charrieriana contains edible beans. These can be prepared by drying, roasting or grinding, generally to make coffee. As a naturally occurring caffeine-free coffee, it provides an alternative over artificially decaffeinated coffee. With increasing demand for decaffeinated coffee, methods such as plant hybridization between coffee-free species, biotechnology interference of genetics and chemical extraction have been used to artificially decrease caffeine content. Generally, the presence of caffeine acts on the tastebuds, giving caffeinated products a distinct flavour, so as a caffeine-free species, C.charrieriana may not be preferable to coffee drinkers who prefer the taste provided by caffeine. The C.charrieriana can be used in plant hybridization as the theobromine can be transferable between breeds, allowing caffeine concentration to be altered when crossed with a species containing caffeine. Seeds from the C.charrieriana are currently being developed to become the first naturally caffeine-free coffee available on the market, this bean being coined the name Decaffito by Brazilian developers.
Another possible use of C.charrieriana is extracting 5-caffeoylquinic acids (CQA) from the coffee leaves as for most Coffea species, including the C. charrieriana, there contains natural antioxidant compounds. This natural antioxidant can be used in food and nutraceuticals.
Coffea Diversa Farm in Costa Rica is currently cultivating C. charrieriana.
References
External links
charreriana
Flora of Cameroon
Plants described in 2008
Rocco Pendola is a former personality on numerous radio stations, most notably KTCK in Dallas–Fort Worth, Texas. Pendola also worked at WJJL in Niagara Falls, New York; WECK, WGR, and WMJQ in Buffalo, New York; WQAM in Miami, Florida; WTAE in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania; the Sports Fan Radio Network, based in Las Vegas, Nevada; and KSJO in San Jose, California. Pendola is not presently employed in radio and is tending bar in Santa Monica.
Background
Pendola started their radio career in 1988 at age 13 working as a producer, sports anchor, and later a disc jockey and sports talk show host on WJJL in Niagara Falls, New York. Pendola was hired at WJJL by Gary McNamara, the current host of the Midnight Trucking Network. They went to work in numerous markets, most notably Dallas–Fort Worth, where they were fired from their midday slot on KTCK ("The Ticket") in 1999.
References
1975 births
Living people
American radio personalities
Liam Bradley, commonly known by their nickname Baker, is a Gaelic football manager and former player for Glenullin and the Derry county team. They twice managed the senior Antrim county team between October 2008 and August 2012 and from November 2013 until 2014.
Personal life
Bradley comes from a family with a strong footballing background. Two of their uncles, James and Paddy Rafferty had played for Derry. When Bradley won the Derry Championship with Glenullin in 1985, five of their brothers were also on the team. Their brother Gabriel won two Ulster Championship medals with Derry in 1975 and 1976. Their cousin Colm Rafferty won the All-Ireland Senior Football Championship with Derry in 1993.
 They are father of Derry players Paddy and Eoin Bradley.  They are also an uncle to Glenullin and Derry player Gerard O'Kane.
Playing career
Inter-county
Bradley represented Derry at minor, under-21 and senior levels. Frankie O'Loan and Harry Shivers drafted them into the senior panel. However, they were not part of Mickey Moran's plans when they became manager – Bradley held no grudge, saying "That is just the way it goes". Their senior career was mainly limited to a few Dr McKenna Cup games. They later recalled: "I never really cut it at senior with Derry as in the early '80s I was just down the pecking order a bit".
Club
When Bradley was growing up, their home-club Glenullin, did not have any underage teams at the time due to a lack of population in the area. They instead played for neighbouring club Pádraig Pearse's GAC Kilrea. Their team-mates on the Kilrea team included a young Martin O'Neill, who would go on to play and coach professional soccer. They played in an under-16 final against Glack in 1974.
He, however, played for Glenullin at senior level and experienced a long career with them. They won the Derry Senior Football Championship with the club in 1985. They retired from playing in 1996 at the age of 36, they even played in the Reserve Championship semi-final against Dungiven that year alongside their son Paddy.
School
Bradley played full back when St Pat's, Maghera won the 1977 MacRory Cup final against Abbey C.B.S., Newry. It was the first time the school had won the competition – the most important in Ulster Colleges football.
Early managerial influences
When playing underage football for Kilrea, they played under Father Leo Deery, the parish priest of Kilrea at the time. They described them as "a great GAA man" and one of the first people to introduce them to Gaelic football.
Bradley also hails Ballinderry's Adrian McGuckin as an inspirational influence, who taught them most of what they know about coaching football. McGuckin was manager when Bradley won a MacRory Cup playing with St. Pat's in 1977. They say "Adrian was a brilliant man. They were probably the greatest coach I ever played under, or the greatest coach I've ever seen". They continued "Adrian installed a will to win with us that was unbelievable".
Club management
By the early 1980s, despite only being in their early 20s, Bradley was part of Glenullin's underage management team with Danny McIlvar and Gerard O'Kane. They say "That's when I started coaching and it's just progressed from there." Their first stint as Senior manager of Glenullin came in the late 1980s, when both they and Gerard O'Kane were player-managers. They coached St Matthew's GAC Drumsurn when Richard Ferris was manager. and has also been manager of John Mitchel's GAC Claudy between 2002 and 2004. Bradley took over as manager of home-club Glenullin in 2005, and guided them to success in the 2007 Derry Championship, where they beat Bellaghy in the final after a replay. It was Glenullin's first victorious Championship since 1985. They also led them to victory in the Ulster Club Football League earlier that year. They were manager of Banagher in 2008.
Inter-county management
Derry roles
When Richard Ferris was manager of the Derry minor team, they brought Bradley in as coach / joint manager. And along with Ferris they have managed Derry Under 21s in the past. They applied for the Derry Senior manager's job in late 2004 for the 2005 season, but the role eventually went to Mickey Moran. They were also involved in the Derry Senior set-up for a season under manager Paddy Crozier. Bradley was a selector in 2006, but stood down from the role in February 2007, stating they wanted to concentrate on managing Glenullin. They applied for the vacant Derry job in 2008, with the position eventually going to Damian Cassidy.
Antrim seniors
Shortly before the nomination deadline of 17 October 2008, on the advice of their sons Paddy and Eoin, "good friend" Richard Ferris and Tony Scullion, Bradley applied for the vacant Antrim senior football manager's job. Interviews for the position were held on Wednesday 22 October, and a day later the Antrim County Board secretary Frankie Quinn released a statement stating Bradley had been installed as new Antrim manager for three years, subject to an annual review. Also applying for the job were Brian White, Frank Delargy and Conor MacSherry. Bradley commented "I wanted they job because I see a lot of potential in Antrim," and went on to say "But I am under no illusions about the work me and my backroom team will have to do." Bradley chose Niall Conway of the Ballinderry club in Derry as their assistant manager. Conway guided the Derry minor team to the finals of both the Ulster Minor and All-Ireland Minor Championships in 2007 and Bradley described them as "one of the best young coaches in Ulster". Their other selector was Paddy McNeill of Rasharkin, and Creggan's Tony McCollum served as liaison officer. The new physio was Patrina Scullion.
Bradley's first season in charge of Antrim was seen as a hughly successful one. They stated their aim at the start of the year as gaining promotion from Division 4 of the National Football League. Antrim achieved this feat by going undefeated and finishing top of Division 4. Along with second-placed Sligo they qualified for the National League Division 4 final. They were defeated in the final.
The 2009 Championship was Antrim's best in many years. Against the odds they defeated both Donegal and Cavan to qualify for the county's first Ulster Championship final in 39 years. Antrim were aiming to win their first Ulster title since 1951. They were beaten in the decider by reigning All-Ireland champions Tyrone, but Antrim gained a lot of admiration for their performance in the match. They exited the Championship following a defeat to Kerry in Round 4 of the Qualifiers. Contrary to most predictions (Kerry were expected to win comfortably), the game was very close and Antrim were unfortunate not to win.
On 27 August 2012, Bradley's departure as Antrim's senior football manager was announced. On 5 November 2013, Bradley's return as Antrim's senior football manager was announced. On 10 September 2014, Bradley's redeparture as Antrim's senior football manager was announced, having led Antrim to a first championship win in five years during their brief return.
Return to club management
Since leaving Antrim for the second time, Bradley has managed Donegal side Malin.
Bradley joined Ballinascreen in 2018 during a relegation battle. They managed the team to beat the drop. In 2020 Bradley was joined by Ballinascreen minor winning manager Jerome Bradley. Jerome moves up their minor winning team into the first team set-up, including notable players such as Noel Rafferty, Ruairi O'Hagan, José Heron and Daniel Flet.
References
External links
Interview with Irish Independent (June 2009)
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Derry inter-county Gaelic footballers
Gaelic football managers
Glenullin Gaelic footballers
Malar is a town in the Awaran District of Balochistan province, Pakistan. It is located at 26°19'48N 64°55'10E and has an altitude of 548 metres (1801 feet).
References
Populated places in Awaran District
International Islamic Unity Conference may refer to:
International Islamic Unity Conference (Iran)
International Islamic Unity Conference (US)
Georg Gottlob Richter (4 February 1694 – 28 May 1773) was a professor of medicine, philosophy, and philology.
Education
Before receiving their MD degree, Richter spent a year (1718) in Leiden listening to the lectures of Herman Boerhaave. They then obtained their MD under Johann Ludwig Hannemann at the University of Kiel in 1720.
Career
They occupied first chair of medicine at the University of Göttingen. Richter wrote a text on dietetics and numerous dissertations on medical theory and practice.
Works
Lebensordnung für Gesunde und Kranke . Pfähler, Heidelberg 1786 Digital edition by the University and State Library Düsseldorf
External links
Richter at the Scientific Commons
Richter at the MedSpace archive
Books by Richter
18th-century German physicians
German philosophers
1694 births
1773 deaths
18th-century German male writers
Butler County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, the population was 14,334. Its county seat is Allison. The county was organized in 1854 and named for General William O. Butler.
History
Butler County was formed on January 15, 1851, from open land. It was named after Kentucky native William Orlando Butler, a general and hero of the Mexican–American War, who ran as Vice President of the United States in 1848. Until 1854, the county was governed by other counties. Only at this time did it have enough inhabitants to establish its own local government. The first court proceedings were conducted in a small log cabin of a settler. In 1858, the first courthouse was completed in Clarksville. After it was sold shortly thereafter to the local school district, it was used as a schoolhouse from 1863 until 1903.
Clarksville was the first county seat, from 1854 to 1860, after which Butler Center became the seat. Because locals became disenchanted with Butler Center (partially because of its inaccessibility during the winter), Allison was made the county seat on January 10, 1881, after the tracks of the Dubuque and Dakota Railroad had been laid there.
Butler County is the only county in Iowa that does not have any stop lights, four-lane roads (US Highway or interstate), a hospital, or a movie theatre. There are also no national fast-food chains in Butler county.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.3%) is water.
Major highways
Iowa Highway 3
Iowa Highway 14
Iowa Highway 57
Iowa Highway 188
Adjacent counties
Floyd County (north)
Bremer County (east)
Black Hawk County (southeast)
Grundy County (south)
Franklin County (west)
Chickasaw County (northeast)
Cerro Gordo County (northwest)
Hardin County (southwest)
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 14,334 in the county, with a population density of . 97.49% of the population reported being of one race. 95.19% were non-Hispanic White, 0.18% were Black, 1.28% were Hispanic, 0.17% were Native American, 0.20% were Asian, 0.00% were Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander and 2.99% were some other race or more than one race. There were 6,536 housing units of which 5,992 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 14,867 in the county, with a population density of . There were 6,682 housing units, of which 6,120 were occupied.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 15,305 people, 6,175 households, and 4,470 families residing in the county. The population density was 26 people per square mile (10/km2). There were 6,578 housing units at an average density of 11 per square mile (4/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 98.95% White, 0.08% Black or African American, 0.05% Native American, 0.20% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.16% from other races, and 0.53% from two or more races. 0.58% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 6,175 households, out of which 30.90% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.80% were married couples living together, 6.30% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.60% were non-families. 25.00% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.50% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 2.90.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 24.40% under the age of 18, 6.40% from 18 to 24, 24.90% from 25 to 44, 24.20% from 45 to 64, and 20.10% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.20 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.70 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $35,883, and the median income for a family was $42,209. Males had a median income of $30,356 versus $20,864 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,036. About 6.50% of families and 8.00% of the population were below the poverty line, including 9.80% of those under age 18 and 9.40% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Allison
Aplington
Aredale
Bristow
Clarksville
Dumont
Greene
New Hartford
Parkersburg
Shell Rock
Unincorporated communities
Austinville
Kesley
Townships
Butler County is divided into sixteen townships:
Albion
Beaver
Bennezette
Butler
Coldwater
Dayton
Fremont
Jackson
Jefferson
Madison
Monroe
Pittsford
Ripley
Shell Rock
Washington
West Point
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Butler County.
† county seat
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Butler County, Iowa
References
External links
Butler County Tribune-Journal
1851 establishments in Iowa
Populated places established in 1851
Olowo Elewuokun was a traditional ruler of Owo Kingdom, Ondo state, southwestern Nigeria. They succeeded their brother, Olowo Ajaka and was succeeded by their son, Olowo Aragunwaye.
References
Yoruba monarchs
Nigerian traditional rulers
People from Owo
Olagbegi family
Aaron Lawrence (born 11 August 1970) in Jamaica was a professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper, making over 60 appearances for Jamaica. In some sources, their birth date is 10 October 1968.
Club career
Aaron played almost whole of their career in their homeland, playing initially for Violet Kickers F.C., having a brief spell at Long Island Rough Riders at the United States and then returning to Jamaica to play for Reno F.C. They were on the verge of joining Birmingham City after obtaining a work permit, but the move fell through after they have broken their leg.
International career
Lawrence had been a member of the Jamaica national football team for a little more than a decade. Their role was primarily as backup to team captain Warren Barrett, until one memorable performance in 1998 at the World Cup finals in France. Starting in Jamaica's third and final game against Japan, Lawrence shut out the relentless Japanese attackers until late in the game when one sneaked by him. They nevertheless protected Jamaica's slim lead and led them to their first World Cup Finals win, a 2-1 result.
They attempted to secure an overseas contract with a European Club but it proved futile, but the player had emerged as Jamaica's first-choice keeper and had hoped to lead the Jamaica national team to another World Cup appearance. However, with the emergence of Donovan Ricketts, the under twenty-three goalkeepers at the time, Lawrence never managed to fight their way back to the starter's position.
The 'Wild Boy' was a tall, athletic and fleet-footed professional. Although there was perhaps room for improvement in their positioning and handling of balls crossed into the six-yard box, in their defence they were known for pulling off spectacular and timely saves when it mattered most. Their vast experience proved useful time and time again for the Jamaica national team in those tough away games. They scored a penalty for Jamaica against India in a friendly match in August 2002.
International goals
Coaching career
Lawrence coached Reno FC and also served as a goalkeeping coach for the national team, as well as the director of the Real Madrid Academy in Jamaica and manager of second tier Sandals Whitehouse.  They are currently coach of the Jamaican national Under-15 team and Rusea's High School football team.
Personal life
Aaron's son, Ruel, was an attacking midfielder playing for Portmore United.
References
External links
1970 births
Living people
People from Hanover Parish
Jamaican footballers
Jamaica international footballers
1998 FIFA World Cup players
2000 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
2003 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
Association football goalkeepers
Cryptocellus adisi is an arachnid species in the order Ricinulei. It occurs in Central Amazonia in Brazil.
References
Platnick, N.I. 1988: A new Cryptocellus (Arachnida: Ricinulei) from Brazil. Journal of the New York Entomological Society, 96: 363-366
External links
Animals described in 1988
Taxa named by Norman I. Platnick
Ricinulei
Fauna of Brazil
Kārlis Lejnieks (born March 16, 1988) is a retired Latvian tennis player, who now pursues an interest in coaching. Through their career Lejnieks has won one Futures doubles title and has one runner-up in singles.
Lejnieks made their ATP debut in 2008 St. Petersburg Open where they defeated Russian Alexandre Kudryavtsev in the first round. In the second round they lost to Nr.3 seed Fernando Verdasco. After the tournament they reached a career-high 347 position in the ATP rating.
They retired at the age of 23 years on June 27, 2011, stating that lack of motivation and previous injuries forced them to do so.
From 2006 to 2011 they played in the Latvian Davis Cup team.
Career Finals
Singles
Wins
Runners-up
Doubles
Wins
References
External links
Lejnieks world ranking history
1988 births
Living people
Latvian male tennis players
Oberleutnant (OF-1a) is the highest lieutenant officer rank in the armed forces of Germany (Bundeswehr), the Austrian Armed Forces, and the Military of Switzerland.
History
In the German Army, it dates from the early 19th century. Translated as "senior lieutenant", the rank is typically bestowed upon commissioned officers after five to six years of active duty service.
Oberleutnant is used by both the German Army and the German Air Force. In the NATO military comparison system, a German Oberleutnant is the equivalent of a First lieutenant or Poruchik in the Army/Air Forces of Allied nations.
Other uses
The equivalent naval rank is Oberleutnant zur See.
In Nazi Germany, within the SS, SA and Waffen-SS, the rank of Obersturmführer was considered the equivalent of an Oberleutnant in the German Army.
National People's Army
In the GDR National People's Army (NPA) the OF1a-rank Oberleutnant was the highest lieutenant rank, comparable to NATO first lieutenant, until 1990. This was in reference to Soviet military doctrine and in line with other armed forces of the Warsaw pact.
The equivalent rank in the Volksmarine (en: GDR Navy) was Oberleutnant zur See. Later it was shortened to simply Oberleutenant; however, internally Oberleutnant zur See continued to be used. With reference to the Soviet armed forces and to other armed forces of the Warsaw pact Oberleutnant was the second lowest officer rank until 1990.
See also
Comparative military ranks of World War I
Comparative military ranks of World War II
Ranks of the German Bundeswehr
Rank insignia of the German Bundeswehr
Yliluutnantti
Notes
Bibliography
Military ranks of Germany
Military officer ranks
The 2021–22 season was the Wellington Phoenix's 15th season since its establishment in 2007. The club participated in the A-League for the 15th time and in the FFA Cup for the 7th time.
This season was the Phoenix's third season fully or partially based in Australia, starting towards the end of the 2019–20 season. This season was Ufuk Talay's third in charge; in May 2021 they renewed their contract until 2023.
Pre-season
The Phoenix finished 7th in the 2020–21 A-League season, one point short of finals series. On 21 May, the Phoenix announced that head coach Ufuk Talay had signed a 2-year contract extension with the club.
June
On 9 June, the Phoenix confirmed the departure of captain Ulises Dávila in spite of the club's record-setting efforts to retain him. They would later sign for Macarthur FC. On 10 June, the departure of Stefan Marinovic was confirmed by the Phoenix after they had signed with Israeli club Hapoel Nof HaGalil. On 15 June, the Phoenix announced the return of Gary Hooper on a two-year deal. On 23 June, the Phoenix re-signed Joshua Laws on a two-year contract. Following the conclusion of the 2020-21 A-League season, on 25 June, the Phoenix confirmed the departure of Cameron Devlin, Liam McGing, Luke DeVere, Te Atawhai Hudson-Wihongi, Matthew Ridenton, Charles Lokolingoy, and Mirza Muratovic. On 30 June, it was announced that left-back James McGarry signed a one-year contract extension.
July
On 10 July, it was announced that Tomer Hemed would not be re-signing with the club for the 2021-22 A-League season. Hemed had finished as the Phoenix's top goal-scorer with 11 goals. They would later sign for Western Sydney Wanderers. On 29 July, it was announced that defender Callan Elliot, who had previously played for the club, had returned on a two-year deal. On 30 July, the Phoenix announced the signing of Australian midfielder Nicholas Pennington on a two-year deal.
September
On 13 September, the Phoenix announced that academy players Ben Old and Alex Paulsen had signed three-year professional contracts with the club. On 27 September, Steven Taylor announced their shock retirement just days after being named captain.
October
On 13 October, the Phoenix bolstered their defensive stocks by securing a season-long loan deal for 20-year-old Melbourne Victory centre-back Matthew Bozinovski. On 18 October, the Phoenix announced the signing of Olyroo Luka Prso on a one-year deal. On 22 October, the Phoenix signed reserve team players George Ott and Kurtis Mogg on one-year scholarship contracts ahead of the A-League Men season.
November
In November the Phoenix played their last three preseason matches. They won against the Central Coast Mariners and Western Sydney Wanderers 1–0 and 2–1, respectively. The Phoenix would lose their last preseason match against Sydney by a 1–0 margin.
Players
Other players with first-team appearances
Transfers
From youth squad
Transfers in
Transfers out
Contract extensions
Technical staff
Friendlies
Competitions
Overview
A-League
League table
Results summary
Results by matchday
Matches
Finals series
FFA Cup
Squad statistics
Appearances and goals
|-
|colspan="16"|Goalkeepers:
|-
|-
|colspan="16"|Defenders:
|-
|-
|colspan="16"|Midfielders:
|-
|-
|colspan="16"|Forwards:
|-
|-
|colspan="16"|Players that have left the club:
|-
Clean sheets
Includes all competitive matches. The list is sorted by squad number when total clean sheets are equal.
Disciplinary records
Includes all competitive matches. The list is sorted by squad number when total disciplinary records are equal.
See also
2021–22 Wellington Phoenix FC (A-League Women) season
References
External links
Wellington Phoenix official website
Wellington Phoenix FC seasons
2021–22 A-League Men season by team
Megan Lynn is an American politician. They represent the 49th District in the Kansas House of Representatives. A member of the Republican Party, Lynn was first elected in 2018 and they are concurrently serving as the precinct committeewoman representing Olathe Ward 4 Precinct 18.
Early life
Megan Lynn (née Miller) was born in St. Paul, Minnesota, and raised in Amherst, Ohio. They attended Muskingum University where they received their bachelor's degree in political science and biology. They later obtained their master's degree in microbiology from Bowling Green State University. Lynn worked as a developmental biologist for eight years before they switched to a career in children's ministries.
Lynn is currently employed in children's ministries at the College Church of the Nazarene.
Kansas Legislature
During the 2019, 2020, and 2021 legislative sessions, Lynn sat on the Health and Human Services Committee, the Financial Institutions and Pensions Committee, and the Social Services Budget Committee. Lynn was appointed vice chair of the Social Services Budget Committee for the 2021 legislative session.
Election history
In 2018, Lynn won the primary election 88.95% to 11.05%, defeating Republican Fsehazion Desalegn. In the general election of that year, Lynn defeated Democrat Darnell Hunt 53.83% to 46.10%.In 2020 Lynn was challenged by Democrat Katie Dixon, and won the general election 51.02% to 48.88%.
Personal life
Lynn married their husband, Chad, in 2003. Lynn and their husband currently reside in Olathe with their three children.
References
People from Olathe, Kansas
Women state legislators in Kansas
21st-century American politicians
Kansas Republicans
Living people
Members of the Kansas House of Representatives
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American women politicians
Muskingum University alumni
Bowling Green State University alumni
Lieutenant-Colonel Brinsley FitzGerald, CB (25 September 1859 – 9 February 1931) was an Irish stockbroker.
Early life
Brinsley FitzGerald was born on 25 September 1859, the fourth son of Sir Peter FitzGerald, 1st Baronet of Valencia, 19th Knight of Kerry (1808–1880) and Julia Hussey. They were educated at Rugby School and University College, Oxford.
Career
FitzGerald worked as a land agent in Ireland for seven years, and from 1895 until 1918 was a member of the London Stock Exchange, with the firm of Basil Montgomery FitzGerald and Co.
They were appointed a second-lieutenant in the West Somerset Yeomanry on 18 January 1900. Following the outbreak of the Second Boer War in late 1899, they had volunteered for active service and was attached as a lieutenant to the 25th Company of the 7th Battalion, Imperial Yeomanry, on 24 February 1900. The company left the United Kingdom for South Africa in the SS Mahratta in early March 1900. After arrival, FitzGerald served with the company, and later than ADC to General French, for which they were mentioned in despatches and awarded the Queen's Medal with six clasps. They also served during the European War as private secretary to French in 1914, for which they were awarded the CB (in 1916), the Legion d'Honneur and the Order of Leopold.
Personal life
In 1918, they married Margarita (née Armstrong) Drexel (1867–1948), the former wife of banker Anthony Joseph Drexel Jr., son of banker Anthony Joseph Drexel (1826–1893). Margaretta and Drexel were married from 1886 until their divorce in 1917, seven months before they wed FitzGerald. Brinsley and Margarita did not have any children, however, Drexel had four children from their previous marriage: Margaretta Drexel (the wife of Guy Finch-Hatton, 14th Earl of Winchilsea); Anthony Joseph Drexel II (who married Marjorie Gould, the eldest daughter of George Jay Gould I); John Armstrong Drexel, aviation pioneer; and Louis Clapier Norris Drexel (who married Nancy Grayson, daughter of Sir Henry Grayson, 1st Baronet).
FitzGerald lived at Ashdown Park, Ashbury, Swindon, and was a member of White's and the Royal Yacht Squadron, Cowes. They died on 9 February 1931.
References
1859 births
1931 deaths
People educated at Rugby School
Alumni of University College, Oxford
British stockbrokers
West Somerset Yeomanry officers
British Army personnel of the Second Boer War
British Army personnel of World War I
Younger sons of baronets
Companions of the Order of the Bath
Blue Murder is an Australian live television play which aired in 1959 on ABC. Broadcast live in Sydney on 2 December 1959, a kinescope ("telerecording") was made of the broadcast so it could be shown in Melbourne (it is not known if it was also shown on ABC's then-new stations in Adelaide and Brisbane).
It is not known if the kinescope recording still exists. Filmink magazine wrote "it sounds as if it would be great, campy fun."
Premise
On Sydney's north shore, an ageing actor, Thelma Lane-Forest, is killed by their bitter and untalented son, Ricky. The son's girlfriend, Jeanette, has a brother, Philip, who is a theatre critic. A journalist, Lundy, also becomes involved.
Cast
Ric Hutton as Ricky Lane-Forest
Nancye Stewart as Thelma Lane-Forest
Derani Scarr as Jeanette Gage
Colin Croft as Philip Gage
Hugh Stewart as Martin Johnson
Richard Davies as Lundy
Reception
The Sydney Morning Herald felt the plot was illogical, but also called it a "neatly constructed thriller, very competently produced" with "enough gloss on the writing and production to overcome any lingering questions raised by logic; and the play succeeded admirably on its own chosen level - it was craftsmanlike, thoroughly professional and pleasantly diverting."
The story was also adapted into a radio play which was broadcast in 1960.
See also
List of live television plays broadcast on Australian Broadcasting Corporation (1950s)
References
External links
Blue Murder at IMDb
Blue Murder at National Film and Sound Archive
Blue Murder at National Archives of Australia
Blue Murder at AustLit
1959 television plays
1950s Australian television plays
Australian Broadcasting Corporation original programming
English-language television shows
Black-and-white Australian television shows
Australian live television shows
Piotr Grzegorz Klepczarek (born 13 August 1982) is a former Polish footballer.
Successes
1x Polish Cup Winner (2010) with Jagiellonia Białystok.
Career
Club
In January 2011, they joined Ukrainian Premier League side Tavriya Simferopol on a two-year contract.
References
External links
Polish footballers
Polish expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Ukraine
Polish beach soccer players
1982 births
ŁKS Łódź players
Unia Janikowo players
GKS Bełchatów players
Wisła Płock players
Jagiellonia Białystok players
SC Tavriya Simferopol players
KSZO Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski players
Living people
Footballers from Łódź
Polish expatriate sportspeople in Ukraine
Association football defenders
Stal Rzeszów players
Condoublin was an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of New South Wales from 1894 to 1901, in the Condobolin area.
History
Prior to 1894 the town, then known as Condoublin, was part of the district of Forbes, which returned two members. Multi-member constituencies were abolished in the 1893 redistribution, resulting in the creation of 76 new districts, including Condoublin. Forbes was abolished and largely divided between the new district of Condoublin and the recreated district of The Lachlan, with the remainder going to Cobar. Condoublin also absorbed part of the abolished district of The Bogan. The electoral district included all of the counties of Cunningham and Kennedy as well as parts of the surrounding counties of Flinders, Narromine and Oxley. At its establishment in 1894 Condoublin had 1,883 enrolled voters, slightly less than the average of 2,046.
Condoublin was abolished in 1904 and absorbed by the districts of Ashburnham, Cobar and The Lachlan.
Members for Condoublin
Election results
References
Former electoral districts of New South Wales
1894 establishments in Australia
1901 disestablishments in Australia
Constituencies established in 1894
Constituencies disestablished in 1901
Broadway Hotel in Custer City, Oklahoma, is a two-story hotel building that was built in 1908. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
It has 12 hotel rooms and, as of 1988, was the only commercial business in Custer City that had operated in the same building since the town's early days.
References
Buildings and structures in Custer County, Oklahoma
Hotel buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places in Custer County, Oklahoma
The F-X fighter program is a phased procurement program for fighter aircraft for the Republic of Korea Air Force. As of 2018 the air force has purchased 60 F-35 Lightning II fighters.
F-X Phase 1
The first phase of the F-X program was started in 2002 and resulted in the procurement for ROKAF of the F-15K Slam Eagle. Four designs were reviewed: the Dassault Rafale, Eurofighter Typhoon, Sukhoi Su-35, and the F-15K.
F-X Phase 2
For the second phase of the F-X program, ROKAF has purchased 21 additional F-15K to compensate for the retirement of their F-5A/B in August 2007. The avionics configuration for the Phase 1 and 2 F-15K remains largely identical, and the only differences are that the weapon compatibility has been increased (Bunker Busters, etc.) and that the engines have been switched from the F110-STW-129A to the F100-PW-229EEP, an improved version of the F100-PW-229. The new engines have commonality with the F100-PW-229 engines on the KF-16 and are compatible with each other, allowing ROKAF the option to interchange the engines among the KF-16 and Phase 2 F-15K. This allows the F-15K to be equipped with a KF-16's F100-PW-229 if necessary.
F-X Phase 3
The third phase of the F-X project is a bid for an advanced multi-role strike fighter aircraft by 2014, intended to replace the aging F-4 Phantom II and F-5. The rumored purchase number was 40-60 aircraft (9 billion dollar project). The Korean Ministry of Defense had shown interest in the F-22 Raptor, but the United States Department of Defense did not permit the export of this advanced stealth fighter. The only candidates remaining were the F-35 Lightning II Joint Strike Fighter, the Eurofighter Typhoon, and the Boeing F-15SE Silent Eagle. The Sukhoi PAK FA had been shortlisted by DAPA previously, but Sukhoi failed to enter the bidding competition. Saab attended the RFP meeting, but didn't bid its Saab JAS 39 Gripen.
DAPA had set the date of 18 June 2012 for the receipt of proposals with testing and evaluation taking place until September 2012 and with a winner due to be announced in October 2012. However, both Lockheed and EADS failed to submit Korean versions of their pricing and technology transfer details, leaving Boeing as the only vendor to meet the requirement for their proposal. The proposal deadline was extended to July 5. The ROK defense establishment had been resisting calls to delay the decision until after the presidential election.
The decision to purchase 60 fighters was due to be made by mid-2013. Emphasis was put on driving down costs, offsets, and technology transfer. Sources in South Korea said part of the focus of which aircraft to select was being heavily based on technology transfer for the indigenous KF-X aircraft program. The Department of Defense formally notified the U.S. Congress of potential sales of the F-35A Lightning II and F-15SE Silent Eagle on 29 March 2013. Lockheed was pleased that the formal Congressional notification process was under way, but noted that price discussions were "on-going." Boeing felt that the F-15SE was a better bid, as it was cheaper and offered commonality with current F-15K Slam Eagles. However, Boeing's bid was more complicated because it was both a direct commercial sale and government-to-government foreign military sale. The Eurofighter Typhoon was still an option, but it was likely that South Korea would choose to purchase American aircraft, as they had previously. In response, EADS offered to manufacture 48 out of 60 Eurofighter Typhoon Tranche 3 fighters domestically in South Korea. Senior South Korean government officials claimed that the F-X Phase 3 competition was not aimed at defending against or striking North Korea, but for keeping pace with the fighter developments of its neighbors. With Japan's decision to buy the Lockheed F-35A, China's development of the Chengdu J-20, and Russia's work on the Sukhoi PAK FA, South Korea is in need of upgrading its fighter technology.
The bidding was extended because all three initial bids were above the $7.3 billion limit for the 60 aircraft (i.e. more than $121 million per aircraft). During bidding sessions from 18 June to 5 July, Boeing, Lockheed, and EADS submitted 55 separate price proposals. On 10 July 2013, DAPA temporarily suspended bidding, as they were experiencing difficulties in making the companies offer prices within the estimated budget. According to multiple sources, Lockheed did not submit either a fixed price or a maximum price during the bidding process. On 25 July 2013, DAPA announced bidding would resume in "the third week of August." Analysts had said that was unlikely to close the price gap that stalled the previous bids, so DAPA considered various options including reviewing the project, increasing the overall budget, or even a split buy. Bidding resumed from 12 to 16 August and had a required price of $7.45 billion. The Lockheed F-35 was likely to face an early exit because it could not be guaranteed a fixed price.
On the final day of bidding, the F-15SE and Eurofighter Typhoon came within the given budget. DAPA admitted at least one fighter satisfied the procurement price, but declined to announce how many aircraft closed the price gap citing the ongoing procedure. As there were companies that offered price within budget, they proceeded to the next step. DAPA evaluated all three fighters before a committee meeting to pick a winner by September. P Any aircraft that exceeded the budget would not be signed for the contract. There was the possibility that there would be no winner. After Boeing reduced their bid on the F-15SE and the other two were disqualified, the F-15SE appeared to have won the competition, but this was not to be confirmed until mid-September 2013. EADS maintained that the Eurofighter remained in the race and Lockheed said they had not received any official notification regarding bidding results, although sources said the F-35's bid was over-budget. Boeing also said they did not receive any official notification from the Republic of Korea regarding a decision. Some South Korean Air Force officials still pushed for an F-35 order to use for technology transfer for its KF-X domestic fighter program. Others said focusing on acquiring an expensive stealth fighter mainly for technology use would stall the intention of the F-X Phase 3 program to replace the aging F-4s and F-5s.
In September 2013, DAPA said they would recommend buying the F-15SE. Ex-Air Force chiefs had insisted that a stealth plane should be chosen regardless of price. Officials did not want to lengthen the long-delayed project and expect that a radar that can detect stealth aircraft will be developed in a few years. On 24 September 2013, the defense ministry rejected the award and said a new competition would be held to "secure military capability in line with recent aviation technology developments." The more advanced aircraft would allow for preemptive strikes against North Korea's nuclear capability and would also better match the fifth generation fighters of Japan and China. As the Phase 3 project restarted, consideration was given to a split buy with only 20 to 40 stealth fighters, or a smaller initial buy with options to pay for the full force later. Boeing consultant Ronald Fogleman had suggested a split buy of their company's F-15SE and later the F-35A to meet South Korea's near-term and longer-term capabilities. Just buying the F-35A would leave it not fully capable until its software is updated to Block 3F standard in the early 2020s. This would reduce the strength of the South Korean Air Force after 2016 when F-4s and F-5s begin to be retired. Buying F-15SE fighters in the near-term could deliver proven payload carrying abilities until the F-35A software enhances its performance and weapons load. Lockheed responded that F-35s would be fully combat capable by the time they would be delivered to Korea in 2017.
On 22 November 2013, the South Korean state news agency said that the ROK Air Force will purchase 40 F-35A Lightning II fighters for its F-X III requirement. There is an option to buy 20 more aircraft. Deliveries are to begin in 2018, and Lockheed claims it can configure the F-35 for the Block 3F software by then. Despite the F-35 being chosen, South Korea will also obtain 20 unspecified fighters, which leave room for the other F-X III competitors to reach a deal for their aircraft. But Yang Uk of the Korea Defense and Security Forum stated that it was unlikely the remaining 20 fighters beyond the 40 F-35s would be anything other than more F-35s. The F-35's stealth technology and electronic warfare capabilities were chosen to enhance South Korea's "kill chain" system to preemptively detect and destroy North Korean nuclear and missile threats. If a contract is signed in 2014, the 40 Lightning IIs will be delivered from 2018 to 2021. The remaining 20 fighters, be they other planes or more F-35s, will be purchased by 2023. The choice of whether to buy a different aircraft will be based on operational capabilities, changing security situations, and aviation technology development.
In response to the selection of the F-35, EADS embraced the idea of a split buy to include the purchase of their Eurofighter Typhoon. Even though a full order of 60 Eurofighters was favored, EADS accepted the advantages of combining both aircraft for deterrence and overall capabilities. Buying the Eurofighter Typhoon would enable the ROK Air Force to begin reducing the aging fleets of F-4s and F-5s starting in 2017. The Eurofighter is already in production and not at risk of cost escalations or delays, unlike the still developmental F-35. EADS also points out that the U.S. created the F-22 Raptor specifically for air superiority, while the F-35 Lightning II is mainly for strike missions. Some European countries that have bought the F-35 will use it in that role alongside the Eurofighter. Unlike South Korea's plan for 40 F-35s and 20 potential other fighters, EADS is promoting a deal for 40 Eurofighter Typhoons with 20 F-35As. South Korea planned to finalize the purchase for 40 F-35A fighters in the third quarter of 2014.
Purchase of the Lockheed Martin F-35 Lightning II
South Korea formally decided to purchase 40 F-35A Lightning II fighters to fill its F-X III requirement on 24 March 2014. A formal announcement was made by South Korea's Defense Acquisition Program Executive Committee followed by a statement from Lockheed Martin. Neither announcement mentioned the status of the procurement of 20 additional fighters following Lightning II deliveries. South Korea's formal selection of the F-35 purchase was finalized on 24 September 2014.
On 22 December 2017 it was reported that South Korea was moving forward with purchasing the 20 additional F-35 fighters.
The first two F-35A aircraft were delivered to a base near Cheongju in March 2019.
See also
KAI KF-21 Boramae — Collaborative development (with Indonesia): 4.5 to 5th Generation Replacement aircraft for delivery around 2025.
References
Military aircraft procurement programs of South Korea
Tentōki and Ryūtōki (木造天燈鬼立像 mokuzō tentōki ritsuzō) and (木造竜燈鬼立像 mokuzō ryūtōki ritsuzō) are a pair of demon-like creatures in Japanese folklore. They are usually depicted as small oni, and symbolize the power of the Shitennō to repel and defeat evil.
Kōben sculpted notable statues of Tentōki and Ryūtōki, each considered a National Treasure of Japan, carrying lanterns as offering to the Historical Buddha at Kōfuku-ji in Nara.
See also
Japanese mythology in popular culture
References
Japanese legendary creatures
The Satrae () were, in ancient geography, a Thracian people, inhabiting part of Mount Pangaeus between the rivers Nestus (Mesta) and Strymon (Struma).
According to Herodotus, they were independent in their time, and had never been conquered within the memory of man. They dwelt on lofty mountains covered with forests and snow, and on the highest of these was an oracle of Dionysus, whose utterances were delivered by a priestess.
They were the chief workers of the gold and silver mines in the district. Herodotus is the only ancient writer who mentions the Satrae, and Tomaschek regards the name not as that of a people but of the warlike nobility among the Thracian Dii and Bessi.
J. E. Harrison identifies them with the Satyri (Satyrs), the attendants and companions of Dionysus in their revels, and also with the Centaurs. The name Satrokentae, a Thracian tribe according to Hecataeus (quoted in Stephanus of Byzantium), seems to support the second identification.
The Greek Histories of Herodotus named the Satrae as a part of the Thrace tribes which lived in the Nestus and Strymin Valley (Book, VIO, 110), "have continued living in freedom" till their time, and "dwell on high mountains covered with forests of all kinds and snow, and they are excellent warriors".
Here, they "possess the place of divination sacred to Dionysus is in their highest mountains", questioning an oracle like the one of Delphi.
References
Ancient tribes in the Balkans
Thracian tribes of Macedonia
Thracian tribes
The 2020 Summer Olympics men's park skateboarding competitions took place on August 5, 2021 at the Ariake Urban Sports Park in Tokyo, Japan.
Competition format
The twenty participating skateboarders were sorted into four heats of five skaters each for the semifinals (prelims). During the semifinals, each skater did three 45-second runs in their designated heat. The best run score of each skater's three runs built a ranking. The eight top-ranked skaters from the combined ranking of the heats qualified for the final.
Results
Semifinals
The top 8 skateboarders of 20 advanced to the final.
Final
The results of the final were:
See also
Skateboarding at the 2020 Summer Olympics – Men's street
Cycling at the 2020 Summer Olympics – Men's BMX freestyle
References
Skateboarding at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Men's events at the 2020 Summer Olympics
A general election was held in the U.S. state of Wyoming on Tuesday, November 7, 1962. All of the state's executive officers—the Governor, Secretary of State, Auditor, Treasurer, and Superintendent of Public Instruction—were up for election. Republicans ran the table on the state's executive offices, defeating incumbent Governor Jack R. Gage and incumbent Superintendent Velma Linford and picking up the Secretary of State's office. Republican State Auditor Minnie A. Mitchell was re-elected and Republicans also held the Treasurer's office.
Governor
After Democratic Governor John J. Hickey appointed themselves to the U.S. Senate in 1961, Secretary of State Jack R. Gage, a fellow Democrat, became acting Governor. They ran for re-election in 1962 and was opposed by Republican nominee Clifford Hansen, the President of the University of Wyoming Board of Trustees. Gage lost re-election to Hansen by a wide margin, as many other Democrats around the state did poorly.
Secretary of State
Incumbent Democratic Secretary of State Jack R. Gage, who also served as acting Governor, ran for re-election as Governor rather than seeking another term as Secretary of State, creating an open seat. State Treasurer Doc Rogers, who had previously served as Secretary of State and Governor, announced that they would run for the seat, but they died before qualifying ended. Accordingly, Thyra Thomson, the widow of late former Congressman and U.S. Senator-elect Keith Thomson, who had been seen as a likely candidate for the special U.S. Senate election, announced that they would seek the seat instead. Thomson defeated Frank Emerson, the son of former Governor Frank C. Emerson, in the Republican primary, and then overwhelmingly defeated former State Representative Frank L. Bowron in the general election to pick up the office for the Republican Party.
Democratic primary
Candidates
Frank L. Bowron, former State Representative from Natrona County
Robert Outsen, Deputy Secretary of State
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Thyra Thomson, widow of former Congressman and U.S. Senator-elect Keith Thomson
Frank Emerson, former State Representative, son of Governor Frank C. Emerson
Results
General election
Results
Auditor
Incumbent Republican State Auditor Minnie A. Mitchell ran for re-election to a third term. They faced a challenge from State Senator David Foote in the Republican primary, whom they defeated handily. In the general election, they were opposed by Democratic nominee John E. Purcell, the Chairman of the Natrona County Board of County Commissioners. She, like other Republicans throughout the state, won their election by a wide margin, improving on their performance from 1958.
Democratic primary
Candidates
John E. Purcell, Chairman of the Natrona County Board of County Commissioners
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Minnie A. Mitchell, incumbent State Auditor
David Foote, State Senator from Natrona County
Results
General election
Results
Treasurer
Incumbent Republican State Treasurer Doc Rogers was unable to seek a second term due to term limits, creating an open seat. However, Rogers died prior to the end of their term, and Governor Jack R. Gage allowed Deputy Treasurer Richard J. Luman to act as Treasurer rather than appointing a replacement. Luman, however, declined to seek re-election. Prior to Rogers's death, Everett T. Copenhaver, the former Secretary of State and State Auditor, announced that they would seek the office. Copenhaver faced former State Representative Bob Adams, the Democratic nominee, who had twice before been the Democratic nominee for State Auditor, in the general election. They overwhelmingly defeated Adams, enabling their return to state government.
Democratic primary
Candidates
Bob Adams, former State Representative from Laramie County, 1958 Democratic nominee for State Auditor, 1954 Democratic nominee for State Auditor
Willa Wales Corbitt, Mayor of Riverton
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Everett T. Copenhaver, former Secretary of State, former State Auditor
C. R. "Cal" Dodge, Laramie business person
Jay Brown, former State Representative from Laramie County
Results
General election
Results
Superintendent of Public Instruction
Incumbent Democratic Superintendent of Public Instruction Velma Linford ran for re-election to a third term in office. They faced Cecil M. Shaw, an instructor at Casper College, who won a contested Republican primary over Assistant State Treasurer Duke DeForest, as their general election opponent. Linford significantly outpaced the rest of the statewide Democratic ticket, but it wasn't enough for them to win re-election; they fell short of a third term by just 737 votes.
Democratic primary
Candidates
Velma Linford, incumbent Superintendent of Public Instruction
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Cecil M. Shaw, Casper College instructor, field coordinator for the University of Wyoming
F. J. "Duke" DeForest, Assistant State Treasurer
Results
General election
Results
References
Wyoming
Azores Airlines, previously known as SATA Internacional, is a Portuguese airline based in the municipality of Ponta Delgada, on the island of São Miguel in the autonomous archipelago of the Azores. A subsidiary of SATA Air Açores, the airline operates as the international arm of the regional network, connecting the archipelago with Europe and North America, from its hub at João Paulo II Airport.
History
Early years
The airline was first established in March 1990 under the name of OceanAir and in 1995 was authorized to operate air transport services as a non-scheduled carrier. SATA Air Açores became the major shareholder when OceanAir suspended service in 1994. It later became the sole owner, and on 20 February 1998 it was re-branded as SATA Internacional, resuming operations on 8 April 1998. The airline became a wholly owned subsidiary of Grupo SATA, which also operates SATA Air Açores.
Following its bid by public tender, SATA Internacional was awarded scheduled routes from Ponta Delgada to Lisbon, Madeira Island and Porto. SATA would later own two tour operators in North America: SATA Express in Canada and Azores Express in the United States.
21st century
In May 2009, SATA adopted a new brand image and a new logo which was applied to its first new Airbus A320-200, registered CS-TKO and named "Diáspora". The new scheme was adopted by both SATA Internacional and SATA Air Açores during the fleet upgrades beginning at the end of the 1990s and lasted until 2015.
In January 2015, the airline announced strategic plans to reduce its debts from €179 million to €40 million by 2020 by reducing its fleet and workforce. Under the plan it would also be renamed to Azores Airlines. In October 2015, SATA Internacional subsequently announced a major rebranding, including the name change to Azores Airlines and a change of the colour scheme from blue tones to green tones. At the same time, a fleet renewal with Airbus A330 aircraft had been announced. The first A330 commercial flight took place on 25 March 2016 from Ponta Delgada to Boston.
In September 2016, the airline announced a change of plans regarding its fleet renewal. While plans to phase in a second Airbus A330 were later cancelled, Azores Airlines ordered two Airbus A321neo on interim lease for 2017-2019 and four Airbus A321LRs to be delivered in 2019 to replace the interim A321neos. The A310 fleet was fully retired in October 2018, after which the airline's fleet was composed entirely of narrowbody Airbus aircraft. In July 2019, the airline received its first Airbus A321LR.
In January 2021, an Airbus A321LR operating Azores Airlines Flight S46865 claimed the record for the longest commercial A321LR flight by duration, which operated as a charter from Lisbon to Bogotá in a time of 9 hours and 49 minutes. The airline surpassed the record previously set by Air Transat for its A321LR flight on 26 October 2020 from Montréal Trudeau to Athens, taking a duration of 8 hours and 20 minutes, but was later surpassed by TAP Air Portugal on 29 March 2021 with its A321LR flight from Maputo to Praia, for a flight duration of 10 hours and 7 minutes.
Destinations
Azores Airlines operates scheduled domestic flights from the Azores to the Madeira Islands and mainland Portugal, and international flights from the Azores to destinations in Europe and North America, as well as charter flights. Regional flights within the Azores are operated by its parent company, SATA Air Açores.
Interline agreements
Azores Airlines has interlining agreements with the following airlines:
Alaska Airlines
JetBlue
Porter Airlines
SATA Air Açores
Codeshare agreements
Azores Airlines has codeshare agreements with the following airlines:
Air France
TAP Air Portugal
WestJet
Fleet
Current fleet
, Azores Airlines operates the following aircraft in its all-Airbus fleet:
Smaller aircraft are operated by parent SATA Air Açores under its own air operator's certificate, while longer-range aircraft may be wet-leased from Hi Fly and EuroAtlantic on a seasonal basis.
Historical fleet
Azores Airlines has previously operated the following aircraft:
Liveries
The airline over its history as SATA Internacional and later than Azores Airlines has iterated various liveries.
SATA Internacional liveries
The airline's original livery consisted of an all white fuselage with the name SATA Internacional in ocean blue over the front windows, and a dark blue tail with the company logo. Before this, the livery had an idealised logo featuring the bands of crashing waves, superimposed by a sun-disk, with the calligraphic lettering "Fly Azores" below. This tourist-friendly logo was retired at the end of the 20th century, to be replaced with a more corporate image.
The airline as well as its parent company SATA Air Açores adopted new branding in 2009, which included an idealised bird symbol as the new logo. The symbol, called BIA (for "Blue Islands Açor"), consisted of nine geometrical shapes, representing the nine islands of the Azores assembled to form the mythical Açor of Portuguese legend. The "açor" or northern goshawk was thought to have been the bird found circling the islands of the Azores when Portuguese sailors first discovered the archipelago. This form appeared on the tail fin, in addition to a portion located just ahead of the wings on the fuselage.
Azores Airlines liveries
Following the airline's rebranding in 2015 from SATA Internacional to Azores Airlines, the new branding consisted of a change from blue tones to green tones, and the airline's previous açor symbol was changed to a symbol resembling a whale's tail exposed above the ocean surface, though like the previous symbol was also of nine geometrical shapes. The main elements of the new branding on the airline's livery consisted of the word "Azores" written on the aircraft tailfin, the whale tail symbol appearing on the tailfin, engines, and within the airline's name written on the forward fuselage. The airline's first Airbus A330-200 additionally featured a decal of a sperm whale on the main fuselage, with the whale tail symbol and logo also appearing on the wingtips.
In 2017, the airline introduced revisions to its branding and livery upon the delivery of its first Airbus A321neo aircraft, which involved abandoning the green tones in the airline's wordmark and logo in favor of the blue tones originally adopted in 2009, but maintaining the use of the whale tail logo. The wingtips also featured blue geometrical shapes resembling the logo. On the airline's Airbus A321neos and A321LRs, the fuselage prominently features a word, consisting of either "Breathe", "Wonder", "Magical", or "Inspire" in a different colour, accompanied by the text, "That's the feeling when you visit Azores." in a matching colour. The airline's name, logo, and associated websites are also written on either side at the forward and rear boarding doors. The airline's A321neos and the first of two A321LRs collectively delivered between 2017 and 2019 additionally feature a QR code leading to the airline's website.
In late 2020, the airline's second Airbus A321LR featured further revisions to the branding and livery, consisting of the removal of the QR code, and abandoning the use of the whale tail logo in favor of a modified version of the original açor logo adopted in 2009. On the fuselage, the revised version of the livery includes the airline's wordmark written behind the forward boarding door, while the logo is placed between the boarding door and the cockpit windows. On the aircraft tail fin, the açor logo is enlarged compared to previous iterations, with the word "Azores" written in white along the rear edge of the tail fin, while the rest of the tail fin is coloured in dark blue. Two of the airline's Airbus A320 aircraft were repainted to match the branding, each with either the word "Natural" or "Dream" written prominently on their respective fuselages.
Accidents and incidents
On 4 August 2009, a SATA Internacional Airbus A320-200 operating flight S4-129 from Lisbon to Ponta Delgada bounced off the runway then subsequently experienced a severe hard landing of 4.86G, causing damage to the landing gear. Nothing was written in the aircraft's technical maintenance log, both flight crew and maintenance staff were unable to interpret the hard landing report and despite the damage, the aircraft was not removed from service and flew back to Lisbon in customer service as well as flying an additional 6 sectors. SATA said in a statement that the hard landing/load reports are not a mandatory requirement for the aircraft type and drew attention to the amount of time Airbus took to confirm to them the interpretation of the load report. Both landing gear legs subsequently had to be replaced. In their final report the Portuguese accident investigation authority the Aviation Accidents Prevention and Investigation Department determined that the primary cause of the incident was the ground spoilers deploying in flight after the aircraft had bounced 12 ft off the runway. Contributing factors were the failure of the pilot to go-around after the bounce, the failure of the pilot to release the thrust levers before the first touchdown (which inhibited the ground spoilers deploying) and the pilot providing insufficient flare input.
See also
Aviation in the Azores
References
External links
Official website
Airlines of Portugal
Airlines established in 1998
Transport in the Azores
Airlines established in 1990
Portuguese companies established in 1990
Portuguese companies established in 1998
Portuguese brands
es:SATA International
