Sulaimaniyah International Airport is an airport 14 kilometers (9 miles) outside the city of Sulaimaniyah, in Kurdistan Region, Iraq.
History
Following the removal of Saddam Hussein, the construction of the airport began in November 2003, and it was inaugurated in July 2005. International flights were shut down from 29 September 2017 following a decision taken by the Iraq Civil Aviation Authority (ICAA), but the airport remained open for domestic and humanitarian flights. The international flight ban was lifted in March 2018.
Facilities
The airport has facilities for both cargo and passengers. Sulaimaniyah International Airport has three terminals; for departures, arrivals and VIPs.
Airlines and destinations
See also
Duhok International Airport
Erbil International Airport
References
External links
Sulaimaniyah International Airport
Airports in Iraq
Airport
Airports in Kurdistan Region (Iraq)
2005 establishments in Iraqi Kurdistan
Slavko Nowytski (October 19, 1934 - November 28, 2019) was a Ukrainian American filmmaker.
Films
1983 Harvest of Despair
2003 Between Hitler and Stalin
1976 Pysanka: The Ukrainian Easter Egg
1971 Sheep in Wood
1979 Immortal Image
References
External links
Slavko Nowytski
1934 births
2019 deaths
Ukrainian filmmakers
American filmmakers
Ukrainian SSR emigrants to the United States
People from Volyn Oblast
The following is a list of the 23 stations of the Tbilisi Metro, in Tbilisi, Georgia.
Akhmeteli-Varketili Line (First Line)
Varketili (), literally meaning "I'm kind", is a city suburb to which the station serves.
Samgori (), literally "three hills", is a district where the metro station is located.
Isani (), a district where the metro station is located. The word "Isani" is of Arab etymology, meaning "a stronghold".
300 Aragveli (), named in honor to the 300 soldiers from the Aragvi River valley who fell, defending Tbilisi against the Persians in 1795.
Avlabari (), a historic district where the metro station is situated. Formerly known as 26 Komisari after the 26 Baku Commissars. The Arab-derived place name "Avlabari" is literally translated as "an area beyond the wall".
Liberty Square (), the city's central square to which the station serves. Formerly known as Leninis Moedani (Lenin Square) after Vladimir Lenin the first Soviet Leader.
Rustaveli (), named after famous medieval Georgian poet Shota Rustaveli. The Station is located next to the Shota Rustaveli statue, which is located at the end of Rustaveli Avenue, the city's main thoroughfare.
Marjanishvili (), located on the street and on the square named after Konstantine Marjanishvili, 1872-1933, a prominent Georgian theater director and playwright.
Station Square 1 (), a square where the Central Railway Station is located, transfer station to Saburtalo Line.
Nadzaladevi (), a district where the station is located. Formerly known as Oktomberi (October) after the October Revolution. "Nadzaladevi" (literally, "taken by force") was a name given to the area along the railway occupied by the workers, in the 1880s, despite the official ban. This district was also known as Nakhalovka (), a name which has survived in common speech to this day.
Gotsiridze (), named after the engineer Viktor Gotsiridze. Formerly called Elektrodepo () ("The Electro-Depot").
Didube (), is a district to which the station serves. The name Didube itself means "a large plain".
Ghrmaghele (), a suburb where the station is located. The name is literally translated as "a deep spring".
Guramishvili (), named so after the poet Davit Guramishvili, 1705-1792). The Station itself is located on the avenue named after Davit Guramishvili.
Sarajishvili (), named after the philanthropist David Sarajishvili, 1848-1911.
Akhmetelis Theatre (), named so after the theatre director Alexandre Akhmeteli, 1886-1937, who was purged under Joseph Stalin. Formerly known as Gldani after the district to which the station serves.
Saburtalo Line
Station Square 2 (), a square where the Central Railway Station is located, transfer station to Akhmeteli-Varketili Line (First Line).
Tsereteli (), located on the avenue named after the national poet Akaki Tsereteli(1840-1915).
Technical University (), named after Georgian Technical University, located nearby. Formerly known as Politeknikuri Instituti.
Medical University (), named after Tbilisi State Medical University, located nearby. It was formerly known as Komkavshiri, i.e. Komsomol.
Delisi (), formerly known as Gotsiridze () after a metro engineer, Viktor Gotsiridze.
Vazha-Pshavela (), located on the avenue named after the poet Vazha-Pshavela(1861-1915). The station is almost right under Vazha-Pshavela statue.
State University (), named after the nearby located campus of the Tbilisi State University.
Tbilisi
Tbilisi Metro
Railway stations in Georgia (country)
As per the Census Department (Govt.of India), Rajapakar is a community block (sub-district code-10) of Vaishali district (Code-18) in the Indian State of Bihar (State Code-10). Following is the list of villages in Rajapakar block and their population as per 2011 census of India.
See also
List of villages in Vaishali district
References
Lists of villages in Vaishali district
Rajapakar
WHIRL Magazine was a lifestyle magazine published in Pittsburgh, in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. WHIRL grown from one magazine into a publishing company with multiple titles, including Edible Allegheny, the resource for local food, the semi-annual WHIRL Wedding Guide, and the just-launched quarterly, WHIRL At Home. WHIRL was founded in 2001 and had the mission of showcasing the positive aspects and lifestyle of Western Pennsylvania. The magazine's last issue was published in January 2019.
Cover stars included Beth Ostrosky Stern, Christina Aguilera, Taylor Swift and President of the United States, Barack Obama.
Edible Allegheny
Edible Allegheny is a bi-monthly publication. It promotes western Pennsylvania's food movement, its distinct culinary styles, and its huge community of growers, producers, chefs, and food artisans.
References
External links
Official Whirl Magazine site
Official Edible Allegheny Magazine site
2001 establishments in Pennsylvania
2019 disestablishments in Pennsylvania
Lifestyle magazines published in the United States
Monthly magazines published in the United States
Defunct magazines published in the United States
Magazines established in 2001
Magazines disestablished in 2019
Magazines published in Pittsburgh
Bound is a platform video game developed by Santa Monica Studio and Plastic and published by Sony Interactive Entertainment for the PlayStation 4 on August 16, 2016.
The game received mostly positive reviews, with critics praising its art style and originality, but the gameplay was criticized as shallow.
Gameplay
The player controls an unnamed princess and ballet dancer as they make their way through surreal, dreamlike environments. They must complete platforming challenges and has the ability to repel enemies with them dancing.
The game uses an "Edge Guard" to prevent the player from falling off certain platforms. This was because the developer believed that being able to fall off detracted from the game experience by forcing players to pay closer attention to the character's legs than to the world. There are some places where the princess can fall and die, but they will respawn nearby.
Plot
The game takes place inside the mind of a pregnant woman who is revisiting their childhood home and memories. In the woman's mind world, the main character is a Princess who is following the orders of their mother, the Queen, to vanquish a monster that is destroying the world. According to the game's creative director, "everything in the game is a big metaphor", and there are scenes in the game that show real life and not the game's world.
Development
The creative director of Bound, Michal Staniszewski, said that the game took three and a half years to develop. The game was designed to be best played in a single sitting, and they suggested that investigating too much of the game before playing it would cause the experience to be spoiled, comparing it to the games Journey and Firewatch.
Inspiration for the game's idea also came from the game Ico. The game was directed at a target audience of older gamers who have been playing games "their whole life" and are tired of solving puzzles, instead simply wanting an audiovisual experience without frustrating or repetitive gameplay. However, the developers still wanted to include some challenge to the game, so that it was not simply a walking simulator. It was meant to be a short experience as the creative director noted that, like other adults, they lacked the time to play larger, 100-hour games such as The Witcher 3.
The game's aesthetics were largely inspired by modern art and its development from the beginning of the 20th century. The game developer Tale of Tales was also cited as an influence in the design of the game, as well as the digital art of the demoscene.
The idea of a dancing main character was not added from the beginning of development. Rather, after one and a half years in development, the developers were disappointed with how similar to a typical game character their movements looked, and were inspired by a video of a modern jazz dance to change their movements to those of a dancer. Motion capture was used on the dancer Maria Udod, who was chosen due to their experience both in ballet and contemporary dance, in order to record their movements for use by the protagonist. Them choreographer was Michał Adam Góral. Every animation of the character was changed to a dance move.
The game's developers were forced to sacrifice visual effects for performance, because they did not want the game to run with motion blur or framerate drops, due to the hardware limitations of the PlayStation 4. The game runs at a stable 60 frames per second (FPS), and Staniszewski believes that games that run at lower FPS than 60 are not the "proper way that games should look on TVs".
On October 13, 2016, Plastic released a patch that enabled PlayStation VR compatibility. Later, on November 10, 2016, another patch was published, enabling PlayStation 4 Pro support, including 4K resolution and increased pixel density in VR mode.
Reception
Bound received mixed to positive reviews, with an aggregate score of 71/100 on Metacritic. Chris Carter of Destructoid rated the game 60/100, saying that its graphics are "gorgeous" and "stunning", but calling the movement "stiff" and combat too easy, believing the game leans "too hard" on the platforming aspect. Matt Peckham of Time rated it 50/100, saying that while the game is fun to watch, it is boring to play because it is so easy to navigate the world. Jim Sterling of The Jimquisition gave it the same score, saying that, while beautiful, playing it is a "messy, obstructive hassle" with poor controls and camera movement, as it is unable to commit to either being a walking simulator or a fully realized puzzle platformer and is instead a hybrid of both.
Justin Clark of GameSpot gave the game a 70/100, saying that while its gameplay is "rudimentary", this is made up for by the graphical details of the game, calling each stage a "cubist marvel" and the idea of a dancing main character deserving of praise and saying that it "displays immense amounts of contemplation and ambition in every aspect except gameplay". They claim that "[to] decry it for its overly simplistic mechanics is to ultimately miss the forest for the trees", and that "Bound is digital art installation" whose full impact is only evident in its final moments.
The game was selected to appear in IndieCade 2016.
References
External links
Official website
2016 video games
3D platform games
Art games
PlayStation 4 games
PlayStation 4-only games
PlayStation 4 Pro enhanced games
PlayStation Network games
PlayStation VR games
Single-player video games
Sony Interactive Entertainment games
Video games developed in Poland
Video games featuring female protagonists
Oniromyia is a genus of bee flies in the family Bombyliidae, the sole genus of the subfamily Oniromyiinae. There are at least two described species in Oniromyia.
Species
These two species belong to the genus Oniromyia:
Oniromyia caffrariae Hesse, 1960w c g
Oniromyia pachycerata (Bigot, 1892)w c g
Data sources: w=World Catalog of Bee Flies, c=Catalogue of Life, g=GBIF
References
Bombyliidae
Barbara and the Browns were an American soul and gospel vocal group, fronted by Barbara Brown (died 3 February 2010) who also recorded as a solo singer.
The group were from Memphis, Tennessee, and originally comprised Barbara Brown with their sisters Roberta, Betty, Maurice, and brothers Walter and Richard writing some of their material. In 1963 they auditioned with Chips Moman, intending to record gospel music, but Moman persuaded them to record their secular song "Big Party". The song was released as a single on Wilmo Records, and after it became locally successful the master was leased to Stax Records. The record rose to # 97 on the Billboard Hot 100 during a period when no R&B chart was being published. Stax released two more singles by the group, "In My Heart" and "I Don't Want Trouble" in 1964–65, but neither were commercially successful.
The group were then signed by Gene Lucchesi to the XL label, who recorded the group - and, then, Barbara as a solo artist - using producer Charles Chalmers. Several singles were released on the Cadet, Atco and Tower labels, and on XL itself. Although subsequently highly regarded by critics and aficionados of Southern soul, the records sold poorly at the time.
Barbara Brown did not record after 1972. A compilation of their recordings, Can't Find Happiness, including several unreleased recordings, was issued by Kent Records in 2007. They died in Detroit, Michigan in 2010; they were in their seventies.
Discography
Singles
"You Belong to Her" / "Big Party" (Wilmo, 1963)
"You Belong to Her" / "Big Party" (Stax, 1964)
"In My Heart" / "Please Be Honest with Me" (Stax, 1964)
"I Don't Want Trouble" / "My Lover" (Stax, 1965)
"I Don't Want to Have to Wait" / "Plenty of Room" (Cadet, 1966)
"Can Find No Happiness" / "A Great Big Thing" (Atco, 1968)
"There's a Look on Your Face" / "Things Have Gone to Pieces" (Tower, 1968)
"You Don't Love Me" / "If I Can't Run to You I'll Crawl" (XL / Sounds of Memphis, 1971)
"Pity a Fool" / "If It's Good to You" (Sounds of Memphis, 1972)
"Big Party" / "Watch Dog" (Sounds of Memphis, 1972)
References
African-American musical groups
American rhythm and blues musical groups
Mount Daly is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1898 by Charles E. Fay after Charles F. Daly, a geographer. Mount Niles is located two km southwest of Daly.
Geology
Like other mountains in Banff Park, Mount Daly is composed of sedimentary rock laid down during the Precambrian to Jurassic periods. Formed in shallow seas, this sedimentary rock was pushed east and over the top of younger rock during the Laramide orogeny.
Climate
Based on the Köppen climate classification, Mount Daly is located in a subarctic climate with cold, snowy winters, and mild summers. Temperatures can drop below -20 °C with wind chill factors below -30 °C.
See also
List of peaks on the Alberta–British Columbia border
References
Daly
Daly
Daly
"A Prayer for my Daughter" is a poem by William Butler Yeats written in 1919 and published in 1921 as part of Yeats' collection Michael Robartes and the Dancer. It is written to Anne, their daughter with Georgie Hyde Lees, whom Yeats married after their last marriage proposal to Maud Gonne was rejected in 1916. Yeats wrote the poem while staying in a tower at Thoor Ballylee during the Anglo-Irish War, two days after Anne's birth on 26 February 1919. The poem reflects Yeats's complicated views on Irish Nationalism, sexuality, and is considered an important work of Modernist poetry.
Background
The poem begins by describing "storm" which is a "howling", and their newborn daughter, sleeping "half hid" in their cradle, and protected somewhat from the storm. The storm, which can in part be read as symbolizing the Irish War of Independence, overshadows the birth of Yeats' daughter and creates the political frame that sets the text into historical context. In stanza two, the setting for the poem is revealed as being "the tower", a setting for many of Yeats's poems, including the book of poems entitled The Tower (1928). This is Thoor Ballylee, an ancient Norman tower in Galway, which Yeats had bought in 1917 and where they intended making a home.
Conflicts between Ireland and the United Kingdom were common subjects of Yeats' poetry, including their notable poems about the Dublin Lockout ("September 1913") and the Easter Rising ("Easter 1916"). David Holdeman suggests that this poem "carries over from 'The Second Coming'" in the tone it uses to describe the political situation facing Ireland at the end of World War One and with the formation of the Irish Republican Army.
Structure
The poem contains ten stanzas of eight lines each: two rhymed couplets followed by a quatrain of enclosed rhyme. Many of the rhyme pairs use slant rhyme. The stanza may be seen as a variation on ottava rima, an eight-lined stanza used in other Yeats poems, such as Among School Children and Sailing to Byzantium.
Metrical analysis of the poem, according to Robert Einarsson, proves difficult because they believe Yeats adheres to "rhythmical motifs" rather than traditional use of syllables in their meter. In stanza two, Einarsson points out instances where the meter of the poem contains examples of amphibrachic, pyrrhicretic, and spondaic feet. They argue that the complexity of Yeats's verse follows patterns of its "metremes", or rhymical motifs, rather than common metrical devices.
The poem also may be read to consist of straightforward iambic verse that relies on common metrical devices such as elision, acephalous lines, promotion, and metrical inversion. Lines 1, 2, 3, 5, and 8 of each stanza are iambic pentameter; lines 4, 6, and 7 are iambic tetrameter. For instance, using traditional principles of scansion, stanza two may be scanned as shown below, where syllables in all caps represent metrical beats, lower-case syllables represent metrical off-beats, the vertical bar represents the termination of a metrical foot, and apostrophes represent elisions. The number of metrical feet per line is marked in parentheses at the end of each line:
I'ave WALKED | and PRAYED | for THIS | young CHILD | an HOUR (5)
and HEARD | the SEA- | wind SCREAM | upON | the TOWER, (5)
and UND- | er th'ARCH- | es OF | the BRIDGE, | and SCREAM (5)
in th'ELMS | aBOVE | the FLOOD- | ed STREAM; (4)
imAG- | 'ning IN | exCIT- | ed REV- | erIE (5)
THAT | the FUT- | ure YEARS | had COME, (4)
DANC- | ing TO | a FRENZ- | ied DRUM, (4)
OUT of | the MURD- | 'rous INN- | ocence OF | the SEA. (5)
Critical reception
As the poem reflects Yeats's expectations for their young daughter, feminist critiques of the poem have questioned the poet's general approach to women through the text's portrayal of women in society. In Yeats's Ghosts, Brenda Maddox suggests that the poem is "designed deliberately to offend women" and labels it as "offensive". Maddox argues that Yeats, in the poem, condemns their daughter to adhere to 19th-century ideals of womanhood, as they focus on their need for a husband and a "Big House" with a private income.
Joyce Carol Oates suggests that Yeats used the poem to deprive their daughter of sensuality as they envision a "crushingly conventional" view of womanhood, wishing them to become a "flourishing hidden tree" instead of allowing them the freedoms given to male children. This was after Yeats was rejected in marriage by Maud Gonne. In Oates' opinion, Yeats wishes their daughter to become like a "vegetable:immobile, unthinking, and placid."
Majorie Elizabeth Howes, in Yeats's Nations, suggests that the crisis facing the Anglo-Irish community in "A Prayer for My Daughter" is that of female sexual choice. But, they also argue that to read the poem without the political context surrounding the Irish Revolution robs the text of a deeper meaning that goes beyond the relationship between Yeats and the female sex.
See also
1921 in poetry
Notes
References
Maddox, Brenda. Yeats's Ghosts. HarperCollins, (2000)
Oates, Joyce Carol. "At Least I have Made a Woman of Her: Images of women in Twentieth-Century Literature", The Georgia Review#37 (1983) pp. 7–30
Einarsson, Robert. Conference Paper, Graduate Research Symposium. Edmonton, Graduate Students Association. University of Alberta. p. 26
Holderman, David. The Cambridge Introduction to W.B. Yeats, Cambridge University Press (2006)
Ferrall, Charles. Modernist Writing and Reactionary Politics, Cambridge University Press (2001)
Howes, Marjorie Elizabeth. Yeats's Nations, Cambridge University Press (1998)
External links
Poetry by W. B. Yeats
British poems
Irish poems
1919 poems
Fugitives for a Night is a 1938 American Mystery film directed by Leslie Goodwins and written by Dalton Trumbo. The film stars Frank Albertson, Eleanor Lynn, Allan Lane, Bradley Page and Adrienne Ames. The film was released on September 23, 1938, by RKO Pictures.
Plot
A Hollywood actor is accused of murder and attempts to scheme their way out of it.
Cast
Frank Albertson as Matt Ryan
Eleanor Lynn as Ann Wray
Allan Lane as John Nelson
Bradley Page as Dennis Poole
Adrienne Ames as Eileen Baker
Jonathan Hale as Police Captain
Russell Hicks as Maurice Tenwright
Paul Guilfoyle as Monks
Robert Gleckler as J. G. McGee
References
External links
1938 films
1938 mystery films
American mystery films
American black-and-white films
RKO Pictures films
Films directed by Leslie Goodwins
Films with screenplays by Dalton Trumbo
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
ILA or Ila may refer to:
Places
Ila, Georgia, a community in United States
Ila, Osun, a local government area in Nigeria
Ila, Trondheim, a neighborhood of Trondheim, Norway
Ila (station), a Trondheim Tramway station
Islay (Scots: Ila), an island of Scotland
People
Ila Loetscher (1904–2000), aviational pioneer and turtle explorer
Ila Arun (born 1954), popular Indian actor, TV personality and Rajasthani folk/folk-pop singer
Ila Mitra (1925–2002), born Ila Sen, social reformer of Indian subcontinent
Ila Borders (born 1975), professional baseball player, United States
Ila Lóth (1900–1975), Hungarian film actor
Ila Ray Hadley (1942–1961), American figure skater
Ila Pant (born 1938), Indian politician and a former Member of Parliament
Ila Patnaik, Indian economist and Principal Economic Advisor to the Indian Govt
Ila Mae McAfee (1900–1996), American painter, muralist, illustrator and author
Ila Arab Mehta (born 1938), Gujarati novelist and story writer
Fictional or mythical entities
Ila, a minor character in the television series Battlestar Galactica
Ila (Hinduism), daughter of saint Manu
Ila (Samoan mythology), the first woman on Tutuila (American Samoa), in Polynesian mythology
Government
Ila Detention and Security Prison, a prison in Bærum, Norway
Israel Land Administration
Israel Land Authority, the successor agency to the Israel Land Administration
Organizations
Idaho Library Association
Illinois Library Association
Indian Laser Association
Indian Library Association
Institute of Landscape Architects, in UK
Institute for Legislative Action (NRA-ILA), political lobbying arm of the National Rifle Association of America
International Law Association
International Linguistic Association
International Longevity Alliance
International Longshoremen's Association, North American labor union
Iowa Library Association
Technology
In-line light amplifier, optical amplifier
Other uses
Caol Ila, whisky made in Islay, Scotland
Ila birthmark, the birthmark ila
Ila people, an ethnic group in Zambia
Ila language (ISO 639 language code: ilb), spoken by the Ila people
Ile Ape language (ISO 639 language code: ila)
Individual Learning Account, tax incentives for adult education in the UK
Internationale Luft- und Raumfahrtausstellung or ILA Berlin Air Show, annual German aerospace exhibition
MV Ila, ship in service 1947–52
See also
ILAS (disambiguation)
Island (disambiguation)
Isla (disambiguation)
Isle (disambiguation)
Ile (disambiguation)
2ILA, an Australian radio station
Amblyptilia pica, the geranium plume moth, is a moth of the family Pterophoridae. The species was first described by Baron Walsingham in 1880. It is found in western North America from Alaska to California, inland to Alberta and Kansas. It is also found in the north-eastern United States and Ontario.
The wingspan is . Adults have dark grey forewings mottled with black. They are on wing in spring and fall and have been recorded feeding on the flower nectar of Salix species.
The larvae feed on Scrophulariaceae, Geraniaceae, Primulaceae, Labiatae and Caprifoliaceae species, including Castilleja species, Pedicularis furbishiae and Scrophularia californica, Penstemon whippleanus. They feed externally on the foliage and flower buds of their host plant, but also bore into the seedpods and mine the leaves. The species overwinters as an adult.
Taxonomy
A number of subspecies has been described, but it is unclear which, if any, are still valid:
Amblyptilia pica pica
Amblyptilia pica calisequoiae (Lange, 1950)
Amblyptilia pica marina (Lange, 1950)
Amblyptilia pica sierrae (Lange, 1950)
Amblyptilia pica monticola (Grinnell, 1908)
Amblyptilia pica crataea (T. B. Fletcher, 1940)
References
Moths described in 1880
Amblyptilia
Moths of North America
Gading Marine Industry also known as Gading Marine is a Malaysian private company engaged in maritime industry including shipbuilding, marine engineering, system integration, ship fabricator, ship maintenance and repair services. Gading Marine operates under its parent company Gading Group and its headquarters located in Selangor. The company also owned a shipyard in other location in the country.
History
Gading Marine works closely with local universities such as University of Kuala Lumpur in the development and construction of the boats for use in Malaysia as well as training related university students in the field of marine.
In 2019, Gading Marine has delivered two fast interceptor craft FAC PC 31 to the Royal Malaysia Police.
In 2020, Gading Marine wins a tender to supply six fast interceptor craft G2000 FIC 18M to the Royal Malaysian Navy.
Capabilities
Gading Marine specializes in the field of shipbuilding as a builder of fast interceptor and assault craft. It is fully fabricated and assembled locally at a local shipyard in Lumut, Perak. Gading Marine has built and supplied local law enforcement agencies such as marine police and naval force.
Products
Gading Marine FIC / FAC
Gading Marine 17 foot RHIB
Commercial boat and vessel
References
Defense companies of Malaysia
Malaysian brands
Shipbuilding companies of Malaysia
Shipbuilding companies
Privately held companies of Malaysia
Horton Glacier () is a glacier at the east side of Mount Barre and Mount Gaudry, flowing southeast from Adelaide Island into Ryder Bay, Antarctica. It was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1977 for Colin P. Horton, a British Antarctic Survey builder at the nearby Rothera Station, 1976–77.
See also
List of glaciers in the Antarctic
Glaciology
References
Glaciers of Adelaide Island
Clinton Lynwood Lott III (April 9, 1950 – March 22, 2018) was an American professional golfer.
Lott was born in Douglas, Georgia. They won several amateur golf tournaments in Georgia including the Georgia State Junior Amateur, Georgia State Amateur, and Georgia Open, as a 17-year-old amateur. They played college golf at the University of Georgia where they were a two-time All-American. During their time at UGA, the team won four consecutive Southeastern Conference titles and Lott won two individual events.
Lott played on the PGA Tour from 1974 to 1984. Their best finishes were three third-place finishes: 3rd at the 1976 Canadian Open, T-3 at the 1977 Byron Nelson Golf Classic, and T-3 at the 1981 Greater Milwaukee Open. They twice finished in the top-10 in a major: T-7 at the 1977 U.S. Open and T-8 at the 1976 U.S. Open.
Lott was inducted into the Georgia Sports Hall of Fame in 1998 and the Georgia Golf Hall of Fame in 2005.
Lott died March 22, 2018, following complications from surgery to remove a brain tumor in October 2017.
Amateur wins
1967 Georgia State Junior Amateur
196? Southeastern Junior Amateur
19?? Georgia State Jaycees Championship
1972 Georgia State Amateur
19?? Future Masters
Professional wins
1967 Georgia Open (as an amateur)
Results in major championships
Note: Lott never played in The Open Championship.
CUT = missed the half-way cut
"T" = tied
See also
1973 PGA Tour Qualifying School graduates
1982 PGA Tour Qualifying School graduates
1983 PGA Tour Qualifying School graduates
References
External links
American male golfers
Georgia Bulldogs men's golfers
PGA Tour golfers
Golfers from Georgia (U.S. state)
People from Douglas, Georgia
Deaths from brain tumor
Deaths from cancer in Georgia (U.S. state)
1950 births
2018 deaths
Analgesic nephropathy is injury to the kidneys caused by analgesic medications such as aspirin, bucetin, phenacetin, and paracetamol. The term usually refers to damage induced by excessive use of combinations of these medications, especially combinations that include phenacetin. It may also be used to describe kidney injury from any single analgesic medication.
The specific kidney injuries induced by analgesics are renal papillary necrosis and chronic interstitial nephritis. They appear to result from decreased blood flow to the kidney, rapid consumption of antioxidants, and subsequent oxidative damage to the kidney. This kidney damage may lead to progressive chronic kidney failure, abnormal urinalysis results, high blood pressure, and anemia. A small proportion of individuals with analgesic nephropathy may develop end-stage kidney disease.
Analgesic nephropathy was once a common cause of kidney injury and end-stage kidney disease in parts of Europe, Australia, and the United States. In most areas, its incidence has declined sharply since the use of phenacetin fell in the 1970s and 1980s.
Presentation
Common findings in people with analgesic nephropathy include headache, anemia, high blood pressure (hypertension), and white blood cells in the urine (leucocyturia, pyuria). Some individuals with analgesic nephropathy may also have protein in their urine (proteinuria).
Complications
Complications of analgesic nephropathy include pyelonephritis and end-stage kidney disease. Risk factors for poor prognosis include recurrent urinary tract infection and persistently elevated blood pressure. Analgesic nephropathy also appears to increase the risk of developing cancers of the urinary system.
Pathophysiology
The scarring of the small blood vessels, called capillary sclerosis, is the initial lesion of analgesic nephropathy. Found in the renal pelvis, ureter, and capillaries supplying the nephrons, capillary sclerosis is thought to lead to renal papillary necrosis and, in turn, chronic interstitial nephritis.
How phenacetin and other analgesics lead to this damage is incompletely understood. It is currently thought that the kidney toxicities of NSAIDs and the antipyretics phenacetin and paracetamol may combine to give rise to analgesic nephropathy. A committee of investigators reported in 2000 that there was insufficient evidence to suggest that non-phenacetin analgesics by themselves are associated with analgesic nephropathy.
Aspirin and NSAIDs
Proper kidney function depends upon adequate blood flow to the kidney. Kidney blood flow is a complex, tightly regulated process that relies on a number of hormones and other small molecules, such as prostaglandins. Under normal circumstances, prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) produced by the kidney is necessary to support adequate blood flow to the kidney. Like all prostaglandins, PGE2 synthesis depends upon the cyclooxygenases.
Aspirin and other NSAIDs are inhibitors of the cyclooxygenases. In the kidney, this inhibition results in decreased PGE2 concentration causing a reduction in blood flow. Because blood flow to the kidney first reaches the renal cortex (outside) and then the renal medulla (inside), the deeper structures of the kidney are most sensitive to decreased blood flow. Thus the innermost structures of the kidney, known as the renal papillae, are especially dependent on prostaglandin synthesis to maintain adequate blood flow. Inhibition of cyclooxygenases therefore rather selectively damages the renal papillae, increasing the risk of renal papillary necrosis.
NSAIDs caused no adverse effects on renal function in healthy dogs subjected to anesthesia.
Most healthy kidneys contain enough physiologic reserve to compensate for this NSAID-induced decrease in blood flow. However, those subjected to additional injury from phenacetin or paracetamol may progress to analgesic nephropathy.
Phenacetin and paracetamol
It is unclear how phenacetin induces injury to the kidney. Bach and Hardy have proposed that phenacetin's metabolites lead to lipid peroxidation that damages cells of the kidney.
Paracetamol is the major metabolite of phenacetin and may contribute to kidney injury through a specific mechanism. In cells of the kidney, cyclooxygenases catalyse the conversion of paracetamol into N-acetyl-p-benzoquinoneimine (NAPQI). NAPQI depletes glutathione via non-enzymatic conjugation with glutathione, a naturally occurring antioxidant. With depletion of glutathione, cells of the kidney become particularly sensitive to oxidative damage.
Diagnosis
Diagnosis is traditionally based on the clinical findings above in combination with excessive analgesic use. It is estimated that between 2 and 3 kg each of phenacetin or aspirin must be consumed before evidence of analgesic nephropathy becomes clinically apparent.
Once suspected, analgesic nephropathy can be confirmed with relative accuracy using computed tomography (CT) imaging without contrast. One trial demonstrated that the appearance of papillary calcifications on CT imaging was 92% sensitive and 100% specific for the diagnosis of analgesic nephropathy.
Treatment
Treatment of analgesic nephropathy begins with the discontinuation of analgesics, which often halts the progression of the disease and may even result in normalization of kidney function. In Stage 5 chronic kidney disease patients renal replacement therapy may become necessary.
History
Analgesics are a class of medications widely used in the treatment of pain. They include aspirin and other non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), as well as the antipyretics paracetamol (known as acetaminophen in the United States) and phenacetin. Introduced in the late 19th century, phenacetin was once a common component of mixed analgesics in parts of Europe, Australia, and the United States. These analgesics contained aspirin or other NSAIDs combined with phenacetin, paracetamol, or salicylamide, and caffeine or codeine.
In the 1950s, Spühler and Zollinger reported an association between kidney injury and the chronic use of phenacetin. They noted that chronic users of phenacetin had an increased risk of developing specific kidney injuries, namely renal papillary necrosis and chronic interstitial nephritis. This condition was dubbed analgesic nephropathy and was attributed to phenacetin, although no absolute causative role was demonstrated. With further reports of the increased risk of kidney injury with prolonged and excessive phenacetin use, however, phenacetin was banned in several countries between the 1960s and 1980s.
As the use of phenacetin declined, so too did the prevalence of analgesic nephropathy as a cause of end-stage kidney disease. Data from Switzerland, for example, demonstrated a decline in the prevalence of analgesic nephropathy among people with end-stage kidney disease, from 28% in 1981 to 12% in 1990. An autopsy study performed in Switzerland suggested that the prevalence of analgesic nephropathy in the general population has likewise decreased; the prevalence was 3% in 1980 and 0.2% in 2000.
While these data demonstrate that analgesic nephropathy has been all but eliminated in some regions, in other regions the condition persists. Notably, in Belgium, the prevalence of analgesic nephropathy among people having dialysis was 17.9% in 1984 and 15.6% in 1990. Michielsen and de Schepper suggest that analgesic nephropathy persists among people in Belgium having dialysis not due to non-phenacetin analgesics, but because Belgium accepts a higher proportion of elderly people for dialysis. According to these authors, a greater proportion have analgesic nephropathy because a greater percentage of people in Belgium having dialysis have been exposed to long-term use of phenacetin.
Terminology
The term analgesic nephropathy usually refers to damage induced by excessive use of combinations of these medications, specifically combinations that include phenacetin. For this reason, it is also called analgesic abuse nephropathy. Murray prefers the less judgmental analgesic-associated nephropathy. Both terms are abbreviated to the acronym AAN, by which the condition is also commonly known.
References
External links
Kidney diseases
Pain management
Shkëlqim Troplini (1 October 1966 – 7 November 2020) was an Albanian wrestler who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
Death
On 7 November 2020, Troplini died of COVID-19 at the age of 54, during the COVID-19 pandemic in Albania.
References
1966 births
2020 deaths
Albanian male sport wrestlers
Olympic wrestlers of Albania
Wrestlers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Durrës
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in Albania
20th-century Albanian people
21st-century Albanian people
Harold Speed (11 February 1872 – 20 March 1957) was an English painter in oil and watercolour of portraits, figures and historical subjects. They also wrote instructional books for artists that remain in print.
Born in London, the son of Edward Speed, an architect, they studied architecture at the Royal College of Art, but soon took up painting, and continued their studies at the Royal Academy Schools between 1891 and 1896, winning a gold medal and a travelling scholarship in 1893. In 1896, they were elected as a member of the Royal Society of Portrait Painters. Speed was a member of the Art Workers' Guild and was elected as its Master in 1916.
They exhibited at the Royal Academy from 1893, and held their first one-man exhibition in 1907 at the Leicester Galleries. Their work was part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1928 Summer Olympics. In 1930 they provided paintings for the new chapel of Wesley House, Cambridge.
Speed lived in Watlington, Oxfordshire and London, where they died on 20 March 1957.
Because of their intelligent combination of useful advice and sensitive reflection on the nature and meaning of artistic practice, Harold Speed's instructional manuals on drawing and painting have long been considered valuable resources for artists. There are editions of their manual "The Practice and Science of Drawing" (1913) in the public domain. Their other publications include The Science and Practice of Oil Painting (1924) and What is the Good of Art? (1936).
References
Sources
External links
1872 births
1957 deaths
19th-century English painters
English male painters
20th-century English painters
English watercolourists
English portrait painters
People from Watlington, Oxfordshire
Olympic competitors in art competitions
Masters of the Art Worker's Guild
20th-century English male artists
19th-century English male artists
Edward Livingston Taylor Jr. (August 10, 1869 – March 10, 1938) was an American lawyer and politician who served four terms as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1905 to 1913.
Biography
Born in Columbus, Ohio, they were the son of Edward (Sr,) and Kathryn (Myers) Taylor. Edward Sr. was the son of David Taylor, the founder of Truro Township and their wife Margaret Livingston, related to the Livingston and Schuyler families of New York.
Taylor attended public school and graduated from the Columbus High School. They went on to study law. They married Marie Firestone Taylor.
They were admitted to the bar in 1891 and commenced practice in Columbus.
They served as prosecuting attorney of Franklin County 1899–1904.
Congress
Taylor was elected as a Republican to the Fifty-ninth and to the three succeeding Congresses (March 4, 1905 – March 4, 1913).
They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1912 to the Sixty-third Congress.
Personal life
They continued the practice of law in Columbus, Ohio, until their death of throat and larynx cancer on March 10, 1938 at their modest home on Granville Street in the Woodland Park neighborhood of Columbus.
They were interred in Greenlawn Cemetery, Columbus, Ohio.
Taylor married Marie Agnes Firestone of Columbus on January 4, 1894. They were the daughter of Clinton D. Firestone, president of the Columbus Buggy Company, a carriage and vehicle factory and early automobile manufacturer.
References
Sources
1869 births
1938 deaths
American people of Dutch descent
American people of Scottish descent
Politicians from Columbus, Ohio
County district attorneys in Ohio
Ohio lawyers
Burials at Green Lawn Cemetery (Columbus, Ohio)
Lawyers from Columbus, Ohio
Livingston family
Schuyler family
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
James Harold Waggoner (January 18, 1930 – December 4, 2004) was a Canadian football player, all star and Grey Cup champion who played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats. They won the Grey Cup with them in 1957. They also played two games for the Toronto Argonauts in 1960. They played college football at Tulane University. After their football career, they were a teacher in Florida. They died of complications during surgery in Fort Myers, Florida in 2004. Their grandson Garrett Waggoner was an Ivy League all-star at Dartmouth College and played two seasons for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
References
1930 births
Players of American football from Arkansas
Hamilton Tiger-Cats players
2004 deaths
Toronto Argonauts players
Sugar is the eleventh studio album by Japanese band Tokio. It was released on February 20, 2008. The album peaked at sixth place on the Oricon weekly charts and charted for six weeks.
Track listing
References
2008 albums
Tokio (band) albums
Peggy Schierenbeck (born 9 October 1970) is a German politician of the Social Democratic Party (SPD) who has been a Member of the German Bundestag from Lower Saxony since 2021.
Early life
Schierenbeck was born in Neuwied.
Political career
Schierenbeck contested the constituency of Diepholz – Nienburg I in the 2021 German federal election. In addition to their committee assignments, they have been a member of the German delegation to the Franco-German Parliamentary Assembly since 2022.
References
Living people
1970 births
Members of the Bundestag for Lower Saxony
Female members of the Bundestag
Members of the Bundestag 2021–2025
21st-century German women politicians
Members of the Bundestag for the Social Democratic Party of Germany
People from Neuwied
Frederick I. Zarr (born September 26, 1955) is an American musician, record producer, composer and arranger based in Brooklyn, New York. The CEO of BiZarr Music, Inc., they work alongside numerous artists, singers, songwriters, musicians, & audio engineers at their Brooklyn recording studio - “Z Studio”.
Production
Among notable artists with whom Zarr has collaborated musically are: Madonna, on their self-titled début album; Village People – they co-wrote their album Sex Over The Phone, Debbie Gibson on various albums and songs including "Only in My Dreams"; Samantha Fox; Up Front; Pretty Poison; and Eartha Kitt's 1983 dance club hit, "Where Is My Man". Zarr's music is also heard on various radio and television commercials (which air in the United States and France).
They have also worked with the following artists:
Albums
Singles
Musical collaborations
Phil Ramone
Richard Perry
Reggie Lucas
Kashif
Arthur Baker
Jellybean
Madonna
Stephen Bray
Shep Pettibone
John Luongo
Mark Kamins
Johnny Kemp
Stew Lane and the Untouchables
Tina B
Steve Thompson
M & M Productions
François Kevorkian
Taylor Dayne
Jacques Morali
Mick Jagger
The Rolling Stones
Jerry Ragovoy
Four Tops
Toni Basil
Fleetwood Mac
Sheree Jeacocke
Brenda K. Starr (Beat Street)
Marshall Crenshaw
Ben E. King
Herbie Hancock
Eddie Money
Taj Mahal
Evelyn King
Tee Scott
Tom Moulton
Bert Reid
Raymond Reid
References
Living people
American Hi-NRG musicians
American dance musicians
American rhythm and blues keyboardists
American boogie musicians
American electro musicians
American garage house musicians
1955 births
The Three Ages of Man may refer to:
The Three Ages of Man (Giorgione)
The Three Ages of Man (Titian)
See also
The Three Ages of Man and Death
Allen Christensen (born 19 May 1991) is a former professional Australian rules football player who played for the Brisbane Lions and Geelong Cats in the Australian Football League.
Early life
Born and raised in the Geelong rural suburb of Lara to parents Brendan and Helen, Christensen played junior football with the Lara Football Club, and later the St Mary's Football Club in Darwin as an under-15 and under-16 player while their father coached the senior side for two seasons in 2005 and 2006.
Upon their return to Victoria in 2007, Christensen joined the Geelong Falcons where they played in the TAC Cup. In 2009, they finished runner-up in the TAC Cup's Morrish Medal after averaging 26 disposals per game. They also earned TAC Cup Team of the Year honours.
AFL career
Christensen was selected with 40th overall pick by the Geelong Football Club in the 2009 AFL draft. Prior to the draft, however, they were predicted to be drafted in the range of 10–25, and was interviewed by a total of 12 clubs in the recruiting process. This lower than expected outcome has led to media reports retrospectively citing them as an "absolute steal" for Geelong.
Christensen did not make a senior appearance in their first season with Geelong; instead, they played with the club's VFL reserves team, where they played in 16 games. Their consistent performance in the VFL was recognised in being listed among the "best players" for nine of these matches, as well as being selected as an emergency for the senior team twice during the 2010 season. Christensen's individual season in the VFL was recognised with a fourth-placed finish in the team's best and fairest award.
Geelong (2011–2014)
Christensen made their debut in the second round of the 2011 AFL season against Fremantle at Subiaco Oval in Perth. As the club's substitute for the match, they subbed in late in the third quarter and finished the game with eight disposals, assisting Geelong to an 11-point victory.
As a result of their performance in Geelong's round 18 game against Richmond, in which they garnered 26 disposals and scored two goals, Christensen was nominated for the 2011 AFL Rising Star award. They were later named to Geelong's grand final side that defeated Collingwood in the 2011 AFL Grand Final.
During the 2014 season, Christensen struggled with back injuries and only managed eight games for the season.
Brisbane (2015–2020)
Following the conclusion of the 2014 season, Christensen requested a trade to a Queensland-based club, citing a change in lifestyle and personal reasons for the decision. On 13 October 2014, they were officially traded to the Brisbane Lions in exchange for pick number 21 in the 2014 AFL draft.
They retired on 21 October 2020.
Post-AFL Career
Christensen joined the Lauderdale Football Club in the Tasmanian State League for the 2021 season.
Player profile
At the time of being drafted, Christensen's draft biography described them as a "prolific ball winner who amasses plenty of contested possessions" as well as being a "sound decision-maker who is extremely clever around goals." Additionally, Christensen themselves felt they best resembled Simon Black as a footballer due to Black's ability to gain possessions while being a "good stoppage player".
Statistics
Statistics are correct as at the end of the 2014 season.
|-
|- style="background-color: #EAEAEA"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2010
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 28 || 0 || 0 || 0 || 0 || 0 || 0 || 0 || 0 || 0.0 || 0.0 || 0.0 || 0.0 || 0.0 || 0.0 || 0.0
|-
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2011
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 28 || 19 || 18 || 11 || 154 || 150 || 304 || 59 || 70 || 1.0 || 0.6 || 8.1 || 7.9 || 16.0 || 3.1 || 3.7
|- style="background-color: #EAEAEA"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2012
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 28 || 17 || 9 || 9 || 166 || 163 || 329 || 47 || 63 || 0.5 || 0.5 || 9.8 || 9.6 || 19.4 || 2.8 || 3.7
|-
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2013
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 28 || 21 || 23 || 14 || 212 || 231 || 443 || 68 || 85 || 1.1 || 0.7 || 10.1 || 11.0 || 21.1 || 3.2 || 4.0
|- style="background-color: #EAEAEA"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2014
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 28 || 8 || 6 || 6 || 91 || 78 || 169 || 27 || 31 || 0.8 || 0.8 || 11.4 || 9.8 || 21.1 || 3.4 || 3.9
|- class="sortbottom"
! colspan=3| Career
! 65
! 56
! 40
! 623
! 622
! 1245
! 201
! 249
! 0.9
! 0.6
! 9.6
! 9.6
! 19.2
! 3.1
! 3.8
|}
Honours and achievements
Team
AFL Premiership (Geelong): 2011
Individual
AFL Rising Star nominee: 2011
Personal life
Christensen is the nephew of former Geelong players Marty and Damien Christensen, and is of Indigenous Australian heritage. They also have two brothers and two sisters. In 2015, they appeared in a segment on the documentary DVD for Australian hardcore band, The Amity Affliction, as a "famous fan" alongside Chad Cornes and Daniel Riccardo.
Christensen is recovering gambling addict.
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Geelong Football Club players
Geelong Football Club Premiership players
Geelong Falcons players
Indigenous Australian players of Australian rules football
Lara Football Club players
Brisbane Lions players
One-time VFL/AFL Premiership players
Lauderdale Football Club players
The pagoda was a unit of currency, a coin made of gold or half-gold minted by Indian dynasties as well as the British, the French and the Dutch. It was subdivided into 42 fanams. The pagoda was issued by various dynasties in medieval southern India, including the Kadambas of Hangal, the Kadambas of Goa, and the Vijaynagar Empire.
There were two types of pagoda coined by foreign traders:
The most valuable was the star pagoda, 100 of them were worth 350 rupees, issued by the East India Company at Madras.
The second was the Porto Novo pagoda, issued by the Dutch at Tuticorin and also by the Nawabs of Arcot, and worth about 25% less than the star pagoda.
The French struck local gold "pagodas" and silver "fanams" under contract by the nawabs. The silver coins of the French were called "fanon" which were equivalent to the local "fanam" and could be exchanged at the rate of 26 fanons to one gold pagoda.
Kattabomman almost cleared all the revenue arrears leaving only a balance of 1080 pagodas
See also
Madras fanam
Travancore Fanam
Coinage of Asia
References
External links
Sources of Karnataka History - Numismatics
European East India Companies coins - photos
The Pagoda - A Proclamation Coin
Proclamation Coin - Indian Gold Pagoda
Coins of India
Economic history of Karnataka
NGC 1272 is a massive elliptical galaxy located about 230 million light-years away in the constellation Perseus. It was discovered by astronomer Heinrich d'Arrest on February 14, 1863. NGC 1272 has an active nucleus and is the second brightest member of the Perseus Cluster after NGC 1275.
Radio jets
NGC 1272 has two radio jets which are powered by an AGN at the center of the galaxy. The jets are bent and have a radius of curvature of ~. The morphology of the jets indicate that the jets are affected by ram-pressure stripping caused by the motion of NGC 1272 though the ICM of the Perseus Cluster. Due to the proximity of NGC 1272 to the center of the Perseus Cluster, the galaxy experiences ram-pressure on an order of magnitude larger than any other bent-double in the cluster and experiences stronger ram-pressure than other bent-doubles outside of the cluster.
ISM removal
The small bending radius of the jets requires NGC 1272 to have essentially no ISM at radii of ∼2 kpc and beyond. The ISM of NGC 1272 may have also been removed though ram-pressure stripping. However, ram-pressure alone cannot remove a fraction of the ISM from deep within the galaxy. Another process, such as AGN feedback in NGC 1272 must have initially removed a large fraction of the ISM before ram-pressure can become effective in removing the ISM.
Globular clusters
It is estimated that around 12,000 globular clusters surround NGC 1272.
SN 2016arc
On February 26, 2016 a type Ia supernova designated as SN 2016arc was discovered in NGC 1272.
See also
List of NGC objects (1001–2000)
NGC 1265
NGC 1275
Messier 87
NGC 4061 - a bent radio double galaxy in the NGC 4065 Group
References
External links
Perseus Cluster
Perseus (constellation)
Elliptical galaxies
Radio galaxies
1272
12384
2662
Astronomical objects discovered in 1863
Discoveries by Heinrich Louis d'Arrest
Abelia is an employers' organisation in Norway, organised under the national Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise.
It was established in 2001, and has 680 member companies. The current managing director is Paul Chaffey. Chairman of the board is Terje Wold.
References
External links
Official site
Organizations established in 2001
2001 establishments in Norway
Employers' organisations in Norway
Belcastro (; Calabrian: ) is a comune in the province of Catanzaro, in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
History
The small town of Belcastro is situated on a rocky spur crowned by a Norman-style castle that belonged to the counts of Aquino. Some propose it as the birthplace of Saint Thomas Aquinas, more commonly taken to have been born in the castle of Roccasecca, not far from Aquino. Feudo for some centuries of the Lords of Aquino, in 1330 by decree of the King of Naples, Robert of Anjou, became a county and changed its name from Geneocastro to Belcastro (Bellicastrum), as a tribute to the beauty of the place and gratification to Thomas 'Aquino, first count of the city and nephew of the saint. In the 15th century it was given the title of city. The historian Lutio d'Orsi (16th and 17th centuries) and jurist Giuseppe Poerio (1775-1843), patriot of the Italian Risorgimento and father of the poet Alessandro Poerio, also a patriot, were born in Belcastro.
Its population is now reduced to about 1400 (2017).
References
Cities and towns in Calabria
Karwal is a sub branch of Sisodiya, Rajput, Aheria branch of the Kshtriya community in Rajasthan. Sparsely found in Rajasthan, Haryana, Uttar Pradesh. The 2011 Census of India for Rajasthan showed the Karwal population as 7183.
References
Scheduled Castes of Uttar Pradesh
Sergei Nikolayev may refer to:
Sergei Nikolayev (footballer), Russian football player
Sergei Nikolayev (ice hockey), Russian ice hockey player
Sergey Nikolaev (cyclist), Russian cyclist
Sergey Nikolayev (shot putter) (born 1966), Russian shot putter
Sergei Nikolaev (linguist), Russian linguist
Susanne E. Aalto (born 28 November 1964) is a Swedish professor of radio astronomy geodesy at the Onsala Space Observatory in the department of Space, Earth and Environment at Chalmers University of Technology. They have been a professor of radio astronomy since 2013. Between 1994 and 1999, they were completed their post doctoral studies at the Steward Observatory, University of Arizona and at Caltech in the United States.
In 1999, Aalto was awarded the Albert Wallin Prize by the Royal Society for Science and Knowledge in Gothenburg, Sweden. They research galaxy evolution and motion using radio telescopes and radiation from molecules.
Early life and education
Aalto was born on 28 November 1964 in Eskilstuna, Sweden. In 1994, they became Sweden's first female doctor of radio astronomy with a dissertation on radiation from molecules as a way to study galaxies that form many stars simultaneously (starburst galaxies).
References
Living people
1964 births
Chalmers University of Technology alumni
Chalmers University of Technology faculty
Women astronomers
21st-century Swedish astronomers
Members of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences
The 1986 Croydon Council election took place on 8 May 1986 to elect members of Croydon London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
Addiscombe
Ashburton
Bensham Manor
Beulah
Broad Green
Coulsdon East
Croham
Fairfield
Fieldway
Heathfield
Kenley
Monks Orchard
New Addington
Norbury
Purley
Rylands
Sanderstead
Selsdon
South Norwood
Spring Park
Thornton Heath
Upper Norwood
Waddon
West Thornton
Whitehorse Manor
Woodcote & Coulsdon West
Woodside
References
1986
1986 London Borough council elections
Mieczysław Karłowicz (born 8 September 1963) is a Polish former racing cyclist. They won the Tour de Pologne 1990.
References
External links
1963 births
Living people
Polish male cyclists
Sportspeople from Gdańsk
Walter Flinsch (7 February 1903 – 3 February 1943) was a German rower who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics and in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
In 1928 they were eliminated in the first repechage round of the single sculls event.
Four years later they won the silver medal as member of the German boat in the coxless fours competition. They were also part of the German boat which eliminated in the repechage of the eight event.
Personal life
Flinsch worked as a pilot for Lufthansa before the Second World War. During the war, they served as a test pilot in the Luftwaffe. On 3 February 1943, Flinsch lost control piloting a Heinkel They 177 bomber. They successfully bailed out of the aircraft, but did not open their parachute and was killed.
References
1903 births
1943 deaths
Olympic rowers of Germany
Rowers at the 1928 Summer Olympics
Rowers at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for Germany
Olympic medalists in rowing
German male rowers
Medalists at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Lufthansa people
Luftwaffe pilots
German test pilots
Alatskivi Castle (, ) is a Neo-Gothic castle in Alatskivi, Estonia. Dating to the 17th century, it is situated in Alatskivi Parish, Tartu County. It was rebuilt in the late 19th century by Baron Arved von Nolcken, modeled on the royal residence of Balmoral in Scotland. A renovation occurred between 2005 and 2011. Five rooms on the first floor house the Eduard Tubin museum, which documents their accomplishments as a music composer and conductor.
Alatskivi Castle is surrounded by various ancillary buildings and a forested park of 130 hectares (320 acres) area, the largest in Tartu County. The park contains many oaks, ashes, maples, alders and an approach road lined with linden trees.
Location
Alatskivi Castle is located north of Tartu and from Tallinn. It is built on the high bank of Lake Alatskivi at the foot of the Alatskivi valley. An arched entrance leads to the castle along a road lined with linden trees.
History
The earliest mention of the manor was in 1601. King Gustav Adolf II of Sweden gave it to their secretary, Johan Adler Salvius, in 1628. In 1642, its ownership passed on to Hans Detterman Cronman (c.1600-c.1645). In 1753, it was purchased by the Stackelbergs and inherited by the Nolckens in 1870. Baron Arved George de Nolcken (1845–1909) rebuilt the castle between 1876 and 1885 according to their own designs, in the Scottish baronial style, designed as a smaller version of Queen Victoria's Balmoral Castle in Scotland, which they had visited in 1875. After nationalization occurred in 1919, the castle complex was taken over by the government under the Ministry of Agriculture and became a school, cavalry barracks, state controlled farm land, council offices, cinema and library. It has been fully refurbished to its original form based on the original pictures of the aristocracy and their descendants who resided here. After the 2011 restoration, the castle was opened to the public with the Alatskivi Castle Foundation administrating the castle and the manor complex.
Features
The writer Ain Hinsberg refers to the manor house having been designed as a mock-English castle. The castle is built to an asymmetrical plan, with single- and double-storied wings, turrets and a slate roof. The building has both single- and double-storied floors. It hosts seminars, training programmes and small conferences, and is fitted with three meeting rooms and dining facilities.
Completed in 2011, the Eduard Tubin Museum is located in five rooms on the first floor of the castle. The main feature is devoted to the life and work of Eduard Tubin who was one of Estonia's most esteemed composers. The initial exhibits are of members of the Tartu school who studied with Tubin, including Heino Eller, Eduard Oja, Alfred Karindi, Olav Roots, and Karl Leichter. Tubin's music scores, manuscripts, books, records, films and photos, musical instruments, records, books, and sketches of theatre costumes are all part of the display. The museum also houses a large-scale model of the castle and plays the music of Tubin.
Manor Park
The large Manor Park consists of oaks, ashes, maples, alders and an approach road lined with linden trees, some trees being grown on terraces. It is the largest in the Tartu County. A hiking track is laid through the park and the Alatskivi Landscape Conservation Area. There are two artificial reservoirs along the Alatskivi River. There is a large boulder at the extreme end of the park in Kõdesi Forest where Apollo Belvedere's statue existed in the past, although the statue has been moved to Kadriorg Park in Tallinn. The main castle is surrounded by many stone buildings. During the 19th century, the manor had 57 buildings, of which 41 remain. These are grouped in four areas connected by roads. The first contains the castle, coaching house and cheese cellar; the second, the economic circle, contains the laundry, kitchen, stables and sheds; the third or border circle, contains the barn, mills, church and cemetery; the outer fourth circle contains the Apollo Belvedere statue and the final resting place of the Estonian folklore figure Kalevipoeg.
Gallery
References
Further reading
External links
Houses completed in 1885
Castles in Estonia
Buildings and structures in Tartu County
Alatskivi Parish
Manor houses in Estonia
Kreis Dorpat
Museums in Estonia
Tourist attractions in Tartu County
In Māori mythology, Makeatutara is the father of Māui. Their wife is Taranga.  They are a guardian of the underworld. Makeatutara made mistakes as they recited the dedicatory (or baptismal) incantations over Māui, which made it inevitable that Māui would die. As a result, humankind is mortal.
References
Māori gods
Deer Creek is an unincorporated community in Winfield Township, Lake County, Indiana, United States.
Geography
Deer Creek is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Lake County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
The Connected Device Configuration (CDC) is a specification of a framework for Java ME applications describing the basic set of libraries and virtual-machine features that must be present in an implementation. The CDC is combined with one or more profiles to give developers a platform for building applications on embedded devices ranging from pagers up to set-top boxes. The CDC was developed under the Java Community Process as JSR 36 (CDC 1.0.2) and JSR 218 (CDC 1.1.2).
Typical requirements
Devices that support CDC typically include a 32-bit CPU with about 2 MB of RAM, and 2.5 MB of ROM available for the Java application environment. The reference implementations for CDC profiles are based on Linux running on an Intel-compatible PC, and optimized implementations are available for a variety of other CPUs and operating systems.
Profiles
A profile is a set of APIs that support devices with different capabilities and resources within the CDC framework to provide a complete Java application environment. Three profiles are available, which build on each other incrementally and allow application developers to choose the appropriate programming model for a particular device.
Foundation Profile
This is the most basic of the CDC family of profiles. Foundation Profile is a set of Java APIs tuned for low-footprint devices that have limited resources that do not need a graphical user interface system. It provides a complete Java ME application environment for consumer products and embedded devices but without a standards-based GUI system. Version 1.1.2 is specified in JSR 219 and implements a subset of Java SE 1.4.2, including a set of security-related optional packages, such as Java Authentication and Authorization Service (JAAS), Java Secure Socket Extension (JSSE), and Java Cryptography Extension (JCE).
Personal Basis Profile
The Personal Basis Profile provides a superset of the Foundation Profile APIs and supports a similar set of devices, with lightweight graphical user interface requirements. A framework for building lightweight graphical user interface components is provided with support for some AWT classes. There are no heavyweight GUI components provided because these components assume the availability of a pointing device such as a mouse. The specification is described in JSR 217 and is used for products that require a standards-based graphical user interface but without full AWT compatibility. The Xlet application programming model is used for application development within this profile, including advanced content on Blu-ray discs conforming to the BD-J specification.
Personal Profile
The Personal Profile extends the Personal Basis Profile with a GUI toolkit based on AWT. It provides a complete Java ME application environment with full AWT support and is intended for higher end devices, such as PDAs, smart communicators, set-top boxes, game consoles, automobile dashboard electronics, and so on. This is the recommended profile for porting of legacy PersonalJava-based applications. The specification is described in JSR 62 and uses the Applet programming model for application development.
Optional Packages
CDC supports a number of optional packages that allow developers to access specific pieces of extra functionality within the restricted resource constraints of a Java ME device.
The RMI Optional Package provides a subset of Java SE RMI for distributed-application and network communication.
The JDBC Optional Package provides a subset of the JDBC 3.0 API for accessing data sources, including spreadsheets, flat files and relational databases.
See also
Connected Limited Device Configuration or CLDC, another framework for building Java ME applications
References
External links
CDC home page
Java device platform
Java specification requests
Zatrephes rufescens is a moth in the family Erebidae. It was described by Walter Rothschild in 1909. It is found in Brazil, French Guiana and Suriname.
References
Phaegopterina
Moths described in 1909
The Nigerian Political Bureau of 1986 was established by General Ibrahim Babangida shortly after coming to power in the 1985 Nigerian coup d'état. The bureau was inaugurated to conduct a national debate on the political future of Nigeria, and was charged amongst other things to "Review Nigeria's political history and identify the basic problems which have led to our failure in the past and suggest ways of resolving and coping with these problems." The exercise was the broadest political consultation conducted in Nigerian history.
Before the establishment of the bureau, Nigeria had undergone two major democratic constitutions: the First Nigerian Republic and the Second Nigerian Republic, both replete with institutional failures and overthrown by the military. During the bureau's tenure, it received over 27,000 submissions from Nigerians all over the country, on issues ranging from religion, to ethnicity and ideology. In March 1987, the bureau submitted its final report to the military government of General Babangida with recommendations.
However, the political bureau was seen by some critics as an endeavour to legitimize the military's incursion into politics by basing some of its existence to a return to democratic rule such as open debates and finalizing a return to democracy. In 1987, Newswatch magazine released an unofficial report of the bureau, for its reward, it was proscribed for a few months lending credence to some of the criticisms of the regime, as taking Nigerian on a farcical democratic experiment.
Members
General Babangida announced the names of the seventeen (17) members of the Political Bureau at the inauguration of the bureau in Abuja on January 13, 1986.
Dr Samuel Joseph Cookey — Chairman
Abdullahi Augie - Executive Secretary
Bala Takaya
Edwin Madunagu (Dr.; Marxist, "self-avowed communist", regular contributor to The Guardian newspapers. Madunagu had first been suspended as university lecturer during the Obasanjo 1979 regime [?], and would later leave the bureau under controversial circumstances. They remain - as at 2011 - a contributor to national issues)
Oye Oyediran
Mrs. Hilda Adefarasin
E.O. Awa
Tunde Adeniran
Mrs. R. Abdullahi
A. D. Yahaya
Sam E. Oyovbaire (Professor of Political Science & 1984-86 president of the Nigerian Political Science Association - NPSA. Oyovbaire remained a Political Adviser to Babangida, and later, Minister for Information and Culture under the IBB regime. Oyovbaire )
Ola Balogun (Dr.; Balogun left the bureau in controversial circumstances.
Haroun Adamu
Ibrahim Halilu
O. E. Uya
Pascal Bafyau - Then leader of the Railways Union. Later became president of the Nigerian Labour Congress, seizing leadership from Ciroma who was leader when Babangida became head of state.  They are reported to have had extensive informal networks in Babangida's military regime. Bafyau would later aspire to be Abiola's running-mate in the 1993 elections and would preside over vacillations of the union during the struggle against the annulment of the June 12 elections.
Sani Zahradeen
Bureau's recommendations
A unicameral legislature
Adoption of a two-party state based on certain conditions
Adoption of a single five-year term for the presidency
Rejection of the zoning principle
Leaving traditional rulers out of the political equation: also rejected were diarchy and triarchy (respectively: civilian-military joint, and civilian-military-traditional rulership models). The report stated: "... as regards traditional rulers, we cannot see in which way their inclusion can provide a unifying force... they compete against the nation for allegiance, represent a force against the principle of popular democracy and are dysfunctional reminders of national differences."
Democratization of socio-economic power through political and economic participation in all structures and organisations of power, leading to a socialist state
Economic recovery should be predicated on self-reliance, social justice
Setting aside 10% of elected seats for women and labor leaders
Mass mobilization as the cornerstone of a newfound political orientation
The Creation of six more states.
Some approved recommendations
Adoption of the Mass Mobilization for Self Reliance, Social Justice, and Economic Recovery
Adoption of a two-party state with the center-left Social Democratic Party and center-right National Republican Convention
The political bureau recommended the creation of only two states - Katsina (North) and Akwa Ibom (Niger Delta). General Babangida created Katsina and Akwa-Ibom states in 1987.
Some rejected recommendations
A unicameral legislature
Rejection of the zoning principle
Five-year single term for the presidency
Democratization of socio-economic power through political and economic participation in all structures and organisations of power, leading to a socialist state
Babangida and Nigerian intellectuals
The formation of the political bureau was a significant event for many reasons. The composition of the bureau could hardly be faulted as it included men and women of character and learning; it also served as an early move for Babangida to co-opt, cultivate and involve intellectuals in the elaborate Transition to civil rule Programme. In preparation, Babangida released political detainees, repealed the Decree 4 of 1984 and promised to respect fundamental human rights. Within two years of seizing power, Babangida had the support of a large swathe of the country; there were few dissensions. Eventually, when General Babangida's intentions started to become obvious to discerning members of the bureau, only a few of the members took decisive action after what was perceived as a relapse to the military authoritarian tendencies experienced under General Muhammadu Buhari. Edwin Madunagu, a prominent journalist of the liberal newspaper The Guardian, was dropped from the bureau for "extremist" and "uncooperative" views and attitudes. They would later release an unofficial bureau report via Newswatch, Madunagu was then threatened and intimidated by the secret police.
Professor Sam E. Oyovbaire served as special adviser to Admiral Augustus Aikhomu (Aikhomu became Babangida's deputy in October 1986, after fall out with Commodore Ebitu Ukiwe) engaged in rationalising the regime's political programme. Oyovbaire extolled the virtues of the Transition Programme, the National Electoral Commission (NEC), MAMSER (Mass Mobilisation for Self-Reliance Social Justice, and Economic Recovery), SAP (Structural Adjustment Programme - the "home-grown" version implemented by the Babangida regime without the standby facility of the International Monetary Fund). In February 2002, Oyovbaire, along with Chidi Amuta, wrote in defence of Babangida's programmes. By 2002, Oyovbaire could be read defending Babangida's regime: "The socio-economic reforms of the IBB regime created the enabling environment for a generation of Nigerian professionals who were self-reliant, confident and challenged to break new grounds in the Nigerian political economy." and presented Babangida's regime as the "... architect and founder of the process of modernization of the Nigerian political economy..." Regarding the "missing" $12.2 Billion Gulf War oil windfall, Oyovbaaire wrote: "The IBB regime did what it had to do with the dedicated funds. Therefore, the divergence of opinions between the Okigbo committee and the IBB regime on this matter was essentially conceptual and not substantive."
These above appear to confirm the reading of public commentators, including intellectuals and academics, of the success of Babangida's patronage politics. The creation of several programmes maintained a steady income for many academics, even as the programs were rife with the corruption that marked Babangida's regime as exceptional. Members of the political bureau were promised active roles in the implementation of their recommendations; personal loyalty developed as a matter of course. In reference to the Transition Program of General Babangida, Prof. Adebayo Willians in "Intellectuals and the crisis of democratization in Nigeria: Towards a theory of postcolonial anomie" wrote: "A substantial faction of the intellectual class is implicated in this democratic debacle, and its behaviour provides rich insights into the dynamics of intellectual affiliations in a neopatrimonial military state."
By 2010, Oyovbaire had become coordinator for the activities of PDP presidential aspirant, Abubakar Atiku. Oyovbaire has also co-authored a book "Portrait of a New Nigeria Leader: Selected Speeches of IBB" (Tunji Olagunju and Sam Oyovabaire). In the preface, Adele Jinadu wrote: "President Babangida's enunciation of human rights as a cardinal aspect of their regime is not merely accidental or an opportunistic rationalisation to take advantage of the opprobrium in which the Buhari regime was held and thereby win popular acclaim. Rather it runs deep in their liberal and populist convictions and is based on a reasoned and well-thought out conceptualisation of the military role in African politics". Jinadu, another Nigerian intellectual, appears blind to - as Williams would write - the "unprecedented and well-documented assault on human rights by the Babangida government".
In 2010, when Babangida had again nursed the ambition of contesting for the presidency, Professor Oyovbaire had been named as their "Director of Policy and Strategy". In December 2010, when Badangida had been ruled out of the 2011 elections, Oyovbaire had been reported as the head of the Abubakar Atiku campaign for the presidency in the South-South; this followed the "harmonization process of the Babangida, Gusau, Atiku and Saraki Campaign Teams in the South-South following the adoption of Atiku Abubakar as the consensus Candidate by the Ciroma led wise men from the North ...". Oyovbaire's high opinion of Babangida could be contrasted with the assessment of two other scholars. In the assessment of Rotimi and Julius Ihonvbere: "Babangida's Character... left much to be desired. They were corrupt, manipulative, unpredictable, ambitious, unreliable and uninterested in leaving office."
References
Politics of Nigeria
Susan Nicole Houde-Walter (born 20 August 1954) is an academic and technical executive in the field of optics. They were Professor of Optics at the University of Rochester from 1987-2005.  They are now running LaserMaxDefense, a manufacturer of laser equipment for military and law enforcement. They served as president of the Optical Society in 2005 and has travelled extensively with the US military. Currently, they are the Director of the Chester F. Carlson Center for Imaging Science at the Rochester Institute of Technology.
Early life and education
Houde-Walter was born as Susan Nicole Houde on 20 August 1954 in New York City, to Millicent (née Svoboda), a homemaker, and Raymond Houde, M.D., a pioneer in the management of chronic pain at the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center. Susan was raised as graphic artist, and graduated from Sarah Lawrence College with a B.A. in liberal arts in 1976. They subsequently took the equivalent of an undergraduate physics curriculum at the Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences at New York University, The Institute of Optics at the University of Rochester, and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology on an un-matriculated basis while working in New York City and Cambridge, Massachusetts. They were admitted to the masters and doctoral programs in optics at the University of Rochester in New York and produced both a master's and doctoral thesis in the area of gradient-index optics made by ion exchange in glass, thesis advisor Duncan T Moore.
Career history
Houde-Walter taught laser physics and optical engineering at the Institute of Optics, University of Rochester beginning in 1987. Houde-Walter was the first female regular faculty member for the first 80 years of the Institute's history. While serving as assistant professor, they co-founded a laser manufacturing company, LaserMax, now known as LaserMaxDefense, with their husband, Will Houde-Walter, in 1989.
Houde-Walter was elected to the Board of the Optical Society in 1994 and later elected to lead the organization as its president in 2005. They left the University of Rochester at rank of Full Professor of Optics (tenured) in 2005 and was appointed adjunct faculty at the, University of Arizona College of Optical Sciences that same year. Houde-Walter was selected for the 71st Joint Civilian Orientation Conference in 2006, held in United States Central Command. Houde-Walter served a full term on the US Air Force Scientific Advisory Board, and multiple terms on the Army Science Board. Houde-Walter also serves on the Special Operations/Low Intensity Conflict Division Board, National Defense Industry Association.
Dr. Houde-Walter is now chief executive officer of LaserMaxDefense, a laser manufacturer based in Rochester NY that specializes in quantum cascade lasers. Dr. Houde-Walter holds over twenty patents and has published widely in the fields of optoelectronics and optical materials.
Awards and recognitions
Houde-Walter is Fellow of both The Optical Society (1996) and the American Ceramic Society (2000). They have been recognized for their service with the Public Service Commendation Medal, United States Department of the Army (2014) and the Commander's Award for Public Service, United States Department of the Air Force (2016). In 2017 Dr. Houde-Walter was named the New York Photonics Entrepreneur of the Year. In 2018 the National Women's Hall of Fame recognized Dr. Houde-Walter with the Keeper of the Flame Award. In 2020 Houde-Walter won the Stephen D. Fantone Distinguished Service Award from The Optical Society "For outstanding service to the Society through numerous advisory and leadership roles, including 2005 President, Board of Directors Member and Chair of the Optics and Photonics News Editorial Advisory Committee."
See also
Past Presidents of the Optical Society of America
References
External links
Articles Published by early OSA Presidents Journal of the Optical Society of America
Presidents of the Optical Society
21st-century American physicists
Sarah Lawrence College alumni
University of Rochester alumni
University of Rochester faculty
University of Arizona faculty
Living people
American technology chief executives
American women chief executives
American women physicists
1954 births
Fellows of the American Ceramic Society
Women in optics
Optical physicists
American women academics
21st-century American women
Giuseppe Petito (born 25 February 1960) is an Italian former professional racing cyclist. They rode in two editions of the Tour de France and ten editions of the Giro d'Italia. They also rode in the men's road race at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
Major results
1980
8th Overall Giro Ciclistico d'Italia
1981
1st Trofeo Città di Castelfidardo
1982
2nd Overall Tour of Sweden
1st Prologue & Stage 1
3rd Overall Giro di Sardegna
3rd Giro del Veneto
6th Giro di Romagna
1983
1st Stage 3 Vuelta a España
2nd Giro della Provincia di Reggio Calabria
6th Overall Tirreno-Adriatico
6th GP Industria & Artigianato di Larciano
1984
1st Trofeo Laigueglia
6th Overall Tirreno-Adriatico
10th Giro di Romagna
1985
8th Overall GP du Midi-Libre
8th Giro di Romagna
1986
3rd Overall Tirreno-Adriatico
4th Nokere Koerse
7th Giro della Provincia di Reggio Calabria
8th Milan-San Remo
9th GP Industria & Artigianato di Larciano
1987
1st Giro di Campania
9th Overall Tirreno-Adriatico
1988
10th Overall Tirreno-Adriatico
10th Milan-San Remo
10th GP Industria & Artigianato di Larciano
1989
7th Overall Paris–Nice
1991
1st Stage 2 Settimana Internazionale Coppi e Bartali
2nd Trofeo Laigueglia
2nd Overall Vuelta a Aragón
3rd GP Industria & Artigianato di Larciano
8th Tirreno-Adriatico
1992
5th GP Industria & Artigianato di Larciano
8th Giro di Toscana
1993
1st Stage 4 Giro di Puglia
1994
9th Overall Tour Méditerranéen
1996
9th Milano-Vignola
References
External links
1960 births
Living people
People from Civitavecchia
Italian male cyclists
Cyclists from Lazio
Olympic cyclists of Italy
Cyclists at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from the Metropolitan City of Rome Capital
Patrick Moote (born August 17, 1983) is an American actor, screenwriter, and documentarian. Moote is perhaps best known for their documentary UnHung Hero, in which they explore the topic of penis size and enlargement techniques around the world as a result of their own challenging experiences. Moote was hailed as an "affable hero" in the film, which was called "a lighthearted romp with laughs" by The Huffington Post and "laugh-out-loud funny" by the Los Angeles Times, also garnering praise from Michael Moore. As an actor, they have appeared on television shows such as How I Met Your Mother and Greek.
UnHung Hero
When Moote's former girlfriend publicly rejected their marriage proposal on the jumbotron at a UCLA basketball game, the video quickly went viral. After they privately revealed to Moote that their reason for being unable to marry them was because their penis size left something to be desired, they began exploring the issue on camera, traveling around the world and confronting ex-girlfriends, doctors, anthropologists and adult film stars to find out whether penis size actually matters.
The film premiered at South by Southwest in 2013 and is available on demand on Showtime. and on Netflix.
Health
On May 20, 2018, Moote was diagnosed with colon cancer, so they opened a GoFundMe account to help pay for their treatment.
Filmography
References
External links
21st-century American male actors
American male film actors
American male television actors
American male voice actors
Living people
1983 births
Naoharu (written: 直温, 直治 or 尚敏) is a masculine Japanese given name. Notable people with the name include:
, Japanese politician
, Japanese daimyō
, Japanese daimyō
, Imperial Japanese Army general
Japanese masculine given names
This page has a list of articles related to environmental history, the study of human interaction with the natural world over time.
Articles titled "History of ..."
History of agriculture in India (from ancient times)
History of agriculture in the People's Republic of China (from ancient times)
History of agriculture in the United States
History of the anti-nuclear movement (from before 1945)
History of the bicycle (from 1817 with archetype)
History of biotechnology
History of climate change science (from the early 19th century)
History of coal mining (from ancient times)
History of coal mining in the United States
History of cycling
History of cycling in New Zealand (from the 1860s)
History of the diesel car (from 1933)
History of electric power transmission (from the late 19th century)
History of electricity sector in Canada (from the late 19th century)
History of electricity supply in Queensland
History of the electric vehicle (from the mid-19th century)
History of ethanol fuel in Brazil (from the 1970s)
History of flooding in Canada
History of Hydro-Québec (from 1944)
History of the jet engine
History of manufactured gas (from the 18th century)
History of nanotechnology (from the 1980s)
History of nuclear weapons (from the 1930s)
History of numerical weather prediction (from 1950)
History of the oil shale industry (from the mid-19th century)
History of the oil tanker (since 1863?)
History of organic farming (from ancient times)
History of passive solar building design
History of the petroleum industry in Canada (from the late 1950s?)
History of the petroleum industry in Canada (frontier exploration and development) (from 1920)
History of the petroleum industry in Canada (natural gas) (most significantly from 1980)
History of the petroleum industry in Canada (natural gas liquids) (from 1914)
History of the petroleum industry in Canada (oil sands and heavy oil) (from 1719)
History of the petroleum industry in the United States (from the early 19th century)
History of plug-in hybrids (most significantly from 2002)
History of rail transport (from nearly 500 years ago) (See also: :Category:History of rail transport.)
History of rapid transit (from 1863)
History of road transport (from ancient times)
History of Statoil (1972–2007)
History of the steam engine (from the first century CE)
History of steam road vehicles (experimentally from the 17th century)
History of sustainability (from the earliest civilizations)
History of the Venezuelan oil industry (from before European colonization)
History of waste management (from ancient times)
History of water filters (from ancient times)
History of water fluoridation (from c. 1901, with research on cause Colorado brown stain)
History of water supply and sanitation (from ancient times)
History of wildfire suppression in the United States
Environmental history of Latin America
Timelines
Timeline of alcohol fuel
Timeline of the Deepwater Horizon oil spill
Timeline of the Deepwater Horizon oil spill (May 2010)
Timeline of the Deepwater Horizon oil spill (June 2010)
Timeline of the Deepwater Horizon oil spill (July 2010)
Timeline of the Deepwater Horizon oil spill (August 2010)
Timeline of environmental events
Timeline of environmental history
Timeline of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster
Timeline of the Fukushima Daini nuclear accidents
Timeline of genetically modified organisms
Timeline of history of environmentalism
Timeline of major U.S. environmental and occupational health regulation
Timeline of Minamata disease
Timeline of the New Zealand environment
Timeline of nuclear weapons development
Timeline of relief efforts after the 2010 Chile earthquake
Timeline of relief efforts after the 2010 Haiti earthquake
Environmental history books
Miscellaneous topics
:Category:Environment by year
Growth of photovoltaics
Instrumental temperature record
List of years in the environment
Table of years in the environment
Temperature record of the past 1000 years
Gallery
See also
:Category:Environment by year
Lists of environmental topics
References
External links
Environmental History (scholarly journal)
Environmentalhistory.org (timeline)
American Society for Environmental History
Environmental History Resources
Historical Topics | US EPA
Environmental-History
Environmental History on the Internet
JSTOR: All Volumes and Issues - Browse - Environmental History [1996–2007 (Volumes 1–12)]
JSTOR: All Volumes and Issues - Browse - Forest & Conservation History [1990–1995 (Volumes 34–39)]
JSTOR: All Volumes and Issues - Browse - Environmental Review: ER [1976–1989 (Volumes 1–13)]
JSTOR: All Volumes and Issues - Browse - Environmental History Review [1990–1995 (Volumes 14–19)]
JSTOR: All Volumes and Issues - Browse - Journal of Forest History [1974–1989 (Volumes 18–33)]
JSTOR: All Volumes and Issues - Browse - Forest History [1957–1974 (Volumes 1–17)]
History
Envir
"Big" Mike Abrams (died 1898) was a New York criminal and a longtime figure in the underworld of New York's Chinatown.
Criminal career
A criminal for hire on the streets of New York's Chinatown, Mike Abrams was one of many employed by the Tongs and others for assault and murder for hire among other criminal activities. They also operated opium dens on Pell Street as well as on Coney Island and, during their later years, took in protection money from similar establishments.
However, despite their business activities, they had a violent and dangerous reputation among the residents of Chinatown particularly the decapitations of three men in front of dozens of witnesses on Pell Street.
Altercations
Although feared by many Tong hatchetmen, Abrams was attacked by a drunken Hip Sing hatchetman Sassy Sam who chased the unarmed Abrams with a ceremonial sword down Pell Street. Despite the murder and decapitation of Hip Sing chief Ling Tchen, Abrams lost a considerable amount of respect from the Tongs after the embarrassing incident and soon began plotting against him.
Death
Less than a month after Ling Tchen's murder, police found the body of Abrams whose room had been filled with gas while they were asleep. A further investigation found the door and windows of their room had been blocked off and a thin hose from a gas jet in the hall had been stuffed into the keyhole.
Although credited in the underworld for Abram's murder, the Hip Sing Association never claimed responsibility (possibly fearing retribution from Abrams associates elsewhere in New York).
Notable Chinese tongs
Bing Kong Tong
Hip Sing Tong
On Leong Tong
Suey Sing Tong
Hop Sing Tong
See also
Hui
Tong Wars
Triad (underground society)
Tiandihui
List of Chinese criminal organizations
List of criminal enterprises, gangs and syndicates
References
Asbury, Herbert. The Gangs of New York. New York: Alfred A. Knopf, 1927.
Sifakis, Carl. The Encyclopedia of American Crime. New York: Facts on File Inc., 2005.
Further reading
Lewis, Alfred Henry (October 13, 1912). "The Gunmen of New York: Apaches of the New World". The Charlotte News.
Year of birth missing
1898 deaths
American gangsters
American murder victims
Gangsters from New York City
People murdered in New York City
Male murder victims
Tongs (organizations)
People murdered by Chinese-American organized crime
1898 murders in the United States
Mollycuddle was an alternative rock band from Minneapolis, Minnesota active from 1994 to 2000.
A quartet composed of vocalist/guitarists Sara Aase and Tommy Kim, bassist Guy Lawhead, and drummer Judson Hildreth, the band was signed to Minneapolis label Guilt Ridden Pop. It released three albums, an EP and a split single with the band Pilot Light.
City Pages writer Peter Scholtes described their music as "cranky dreampop" and singled out for praise their "affecting" 1998 ode to Law & Order actor Jill Hennessy, "The Ballad of Jill Hennessy." Colin Helms of CMJ New Music Report called them "shamelessly retro indie-pop" and called the song "Miracles", from their 1999 EP The Best Place For You, "the ideal demonstration of the band's feisty guitar change and melody-driven bounce." A reviewer for the White Plains, New York Journal News called It's Not You, It's Me "occasionally yummy but ultimately underwhelming" but said that "Aase's candy-glazed voice is irresistibly listenable."
The band broke up in 2000 when Kim moved out of town to finish a Ph.D. dissertation.
Discography
Moment Resistance (1995, self-released)
"King Me" b/w Pilot Light, "Chicken Bones" (split 7-inch single, 1998, Guilt Ridden Pop)
Non-Fiction (1997, Guilt Ridden Pop)
It's Not You, It's Me (1998, Guilt Ridden Pop)
The Best Place For You (EP, 1999, Guilt Ridden Pop)
Paved With Good Intentions (2000, Guilt Ridden Pop)
External links
Mollycuddle page at Guilt Ridden Pop (Twin/Tone Records) website
[ Audio of "The Ballad of Jill Hennessy"]
References
Alternative rock groups from Minnesota
Musical groups established in 1994
Musical groups disestablished in 2000
Musical groups from Minnesota
The Training Squadron was a formation of sailing ships employed for use of naval training from 1885 to 1899.
History
To keep pace with these continuous changes it was early recognised that fresh provision must be made for the technical and scientific training of officers and men. Up to 1854, Naval Cadets, upon nomination, went at once, as a rule, to sea-going and regularly commissioned ships, where they had to pick up their professional education as best they could from the Naval Instructors and other officers who were their shipmates. In 1854 an improvement was made by the commissioning at Portsmouth of an old wooden ship of the line, the Illustrious, Captain Robert Harris, as a stationary training ship, or school, for Naval Cadets.
A similar school was opened in the Implacable, at Devonport, in 1855; but one school was soon found to be enough for the purpose, and the Devonport establishment was closed. New regulations for the entry and training of Naval Cadets were issued in 1857 1; and on 1 January 1859, the Britannia, 120, 2 was commissioned at Portsmouth by the same Captain Robert Harris to take the place of the less suitable Illustrious.
They were removed to Portland in 1862, and to more appropriate moorings at Dartmouth on 30 September 1863; and although the original Britannia was later condemned, a new Britannia, previously known as the Prince of Wales, 3 took their place in July 1869, and retained it until the end of the nineteenth century, at which time, however, preparations were in progress for the removal of the whole establishment to quarters on shore hard by. In 1870, the Trafalgar, 60, screw, was commissioned as a sea-going training-ship for cadets; and the Bristol, 31, Aurora, 28, and other vessels were subsequently used for the same purpose until the establishment of the regular Training Squadron in 1885.
Something has been written already 4 concerning the origin of the naval gunnery schools at Portsmouth and Devonport. At Portsmouth the establishment was housed afloat for many years in the Excellent (ex-Boyne, built in 1810), and subsequently in another Excellent (ex-Queen Charlotte, built also in 1810). In 1891, however, when barracks, practice-batteries, etc., had been erected on Whale Island, a piece of made land in Portsmouth Harbour, the establishment was transferred to the shore and housed in the commodious new buildings.
The education of the boys was continued, at one time in the flying squadrons which were temporarily organised, and afterwards in the regularly constituted Training Squadron, which, only in the last year of the century, was modernised and made to consist exclusively of mastless ships.
Rear-Admiral/Commodore, commanding
Post holders included:
References
Sources
Clowes, Sir William Laird (1903). "46: CIVIL HISTORY OF THE ROYAL NAVY, 1857-1900". The Royal Navy a History from the earliest times to the death of Queen Victoria: Volume 7. London, England: Sampson Low Marston and Company. This article incorporates text from this source, which is in the public domain.
Harley, Simon; Lovell, Tony. (2015) "Training Squadron (Royal Navy)". http://www.dreadnoughtproject.org/Training Squadron (Royal Navy). Harley and Lovell.
Heathcote, T. A. (2002). British Admirals of the Fleet: 1734-1995. Barnsley, England: Pen and Sword. .
Mackie, Colin. (2018) "Royal Navy Senior Appointments from 1865" (PDF). gulabin.com. C. Mackie.
Watson, Dr Graham. (2015), "PAX BRITANNICA" 1815-1914, and before". www.naval-history.net. G. Smith.
Attribution
This article includes some copied content from The royal navy, a history from the earliest times to present, (1903), volume 7: chapter 46: by Clowes, W. Laird (William Laird), Sir, 1856-1905; Markham, Clements R. (Clements Robert), Sir, 1830-1916; Mahan, A. T. (Alfred Thayer), 1840-1914; Wilson, Herbert Wrigley, 1866-1940, Sampson Low Marston and Company, London, England. now in the public domain.
Royal Navy squadrons
Royal Navy
Mokhov (, from мох meaning moss), female form Mokhova is a Russian surname.
Notable people with this surname include:
Viktor Mokhov (born 1950), Russian criminal
Mokhov (musician), stage name of Oleg Mokhov, Russian-born American electronic music producer
Russian-language surnames
Dayr Hafir ( / ALA-LC: Dayr Ḥāfir) is a Syrian city in the Aleppo Governorate, east of Aleppo on the Aleppo-Raqqa highway, to the north of Sabkhat al-Jabbul. It is the regional centre of Dayr Hafir District. In the 2004 official census, the town of Dayr Hafir had a population of 18,948. The town is home to an archeological site dating back to the 9th millennium BC.
Dayr Hafir is still a rural community in its majority.
During the Syrian Civil War, in June 2012, the government was reported to be in control of this town that is close to a military airport (Kweiris). The city came under the control of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant in 2014, before being retaken by Syrian Government forces during the Dayr Hafir offensive.
References
Cities in Syria
Populated places in Dayr Hafir District
A clachan ( or ; ; ) is a small settlement or hamlet on the island of Ireland, the Isle of Man and Scotland. Though many were originally kirktowns, today they are often thought of as small villages lacking a church, post office, or other formal building. It is likely that many date to medieval times or earlier – a cluster of small single-storey cottages of farmers and/or fishermen, invariably found on poorer land. They were often related to the rundale system of farming.
According to David Lloyd, the Great Famine in Ireland (1845–49) caused such disruption to the social system that the clachans there virtually disappeared; many in the Scottish Highlands were victims of the Clearances. In some cases, they have evolved into holiday villages, or one or two houses have taken over, turning smaller houses into agricultural outhouses. Remains can be seen in many upland and coastal areas. Some are clustered in a dip in the landscape, to protect from Atlantic winds, but others stretch haphazardly along main roads.
Etymology
The word is composed of two elements, clach/cloch meaning "stone" and the masculine diminutive suffix -an/-án. It originally denoted one of two things:
a monastic stone-cell (clochán).
a paved road or causeway which in the earliest period were most commonly found leading to or from a church or cell
This should not be confused with the Scottish Gaelic plural of clach which is clachan "stones", a homonym.
Examples
In Ireland:
Cloghane in County Kerry
Cloghan, County Offaly
Cloghan, County Donegal
Cloghanmore in Donegal
Menlo/Mionloch in Galway
In the meaning of "causeway", the most prominent example in Irish is the Giant's Causeway, known in Irish as Clochán an Aifir or Clochán na bhFomhórach.
In Scotland, clachans can be found in Argyll and Bute, Highland Perthshire and in the Highland Council region but also elsewhere, for example:
Clachan, Cowal, Argyll and Bute
Clachan, Lismore, Argyll and Bute
Clachan, Kintyre, Argyll and Bute
Clachan, Ross and Cromarty, Highland
Clachan, Skye, Highland
Clachan, Sutherland, Highland
Clachan, Raasay on the Isle of Raasay, Highland
Clachan, South Uist, Outer Hebrides
Clachan of Campsie
Clachan of Glendaruel in Argyll
Clachaneasy in Galloway
Hessilhead in North Ayrshire
Bloak in East Ayrshire
Ladeside in East Ayrshire
Damnaglaur in the Rinns of Galloway
In Canada:
Clachan, Ontario, Canada
Notes
External links
The Glens of Antrim Historical Society includes a substantial section on Clachans in County Antrim
Rural geography
Hamlets
Types of populated places
Oxynoemacheilus shehabi is a species of stone loach from the upper Orontes in southern Syria.
The fish is named in honor of Adwan Shehab (1967-2015). Adwan was killed in the streets of Dara'a as a result of the conflict in Syria.
References
shehabi
Fish of Asia
Fish of Syria
Taxa named by Jörg Freyhof
Taxa named by Matthias F. Geiger
Fish described in 2021
Kai Gehring (born 26 December 1977) is a German politician of the Green Party who has been serving as a Member of the German Parliament since 2005.
Early life and education
After receiving their Abitur in Velbert, Gehring majored in social sciences at the Ruhr University Bochum, earning their Diplom in 2003.
Political career
Career in state politics
Having joined the liberal party Alliance '90/The Greens in 1998, Gehring was part of the party's leadership in North Rhine-Westphalia from 2000 until 2006, under chairperson Sylvia Löhrmann.
Member of the German Parliament, 2005–present
Gehring was elected to the Bundestag in the 2005 federal election. Since joining the parliament, they have been serving on the Committee on Education, Research and Technology Assessment. They have been their parliamentary group's spokesperson for youth (2005–2011), education (2011–2013), and universities (2005–2017). From 2018 until 2021, they also served on the Committee on Human Rights and Humanitarian Aid.
In addition to their committee assignments, Gehring has served as deputy chairperson of the German-Greek Parliamentary Friendship Group (2013–2017); the Parliamentary Friendship Group for Relations with Arabic-Speaking States in the Middle East (since 2018), which is in charge of maintaining inter-parliamentary relations with Bahrain, Irak, Yemen, Jordan, Qatar, Kuwait, Lebanon, Oman, Saudi Arabia, Syria, United Arab Emirates and the Palestinian territories; and the Parliamentary Friendship Group for Relations with the Central African States (since 2018).
In the negotiations to form a so-called traffic light coalition of the Social Democratic Party (SPD), the Green Party and the Free Democrats (FDP) following the 2021 German elections, Gehring was part of their party's delegation in the working group on innovation and research, co-chaired by Thomas Losse-Müller, Katharina Fegebank and Lydia Hüskens.
Since December 2021, Gehring has been chairing the Committee on Education and Research.
Other activities
Aktion Deutschland Hilft (Germany's Relief Coalition), Member of the Board of Trustees (since 2019)
Evangelisches Studienwerk Villigst, Member of the Board of Trustees
Federal Agency for Civic Education (BPB), Member of the Board of Trustees
FernUniversität Hagen, Deputy Chairman of the Parliamentary Advisory Board
German National Association for Student Affairs, Ex-Officio Member of the Board of Trustees
Heinrich Böll Foundation, Member of the Advisory Board on Student Affairs
Leibniz Association, Member of the Senate
Amnesty International, Member
Lesbian and Gay Federation in Germany (LSVD), Member
References
External links
Biography by the Green Parliamentary Group
1977 births
Living people
People from Mülheim
Gay politicians
German gay writers
LGBT members of the Bundestag
German sociologists
Members of the Bundestag for North Rhine-Westphalia
Members of the Bundestag 2021–2025
Members of the Bundestag 2017–2021
Members of the Bundestag 2013–2017
Members of the Bundestag 2009–2013
Members of the Bundestag 2005–2009
Members of the Bundestag for Alliance 90/The Greens
Herochroma supraviridaria is a species of moth of the family Geometridae first described by Hiroshi Inoue in 1999. It is found in the Chinese provinces of Fujian and Guangxi and in Taiwan.
References
External links
A study on the genus Herochroma Swinhoe in China, with descriptions of four new species (Lepidoptera: Geometridae: Geometrinae). Acta Entomologica Sinica
Moths described in 1999
Pseudoterpnini
Moths of Asia
Moths of Taiwan
Tavriya () is a 1959 Soviet drama film directed by Yuriy Lysenko. Based on the novel of the same name by Oles Honchar.
Plot
Taurida Governorate, Falz-Fein steppe empire. The fates of the two friends Vusti and Hanna are different: Vostya fell in love with the revolutionary Leonid Bronnikov and they themselves decided to follow their path. Hanna's dream is to become rich. They fall in love with the son of the Falz-Fein millionaires. But the maid fails to become a mistress: the landowner Sophia Falz-Fein drives Hanna out of the estate. Hardworking conditions at work in the landlord economies give rise to solidarity and strong friendship between Russians and Ukrainians. They rebel against their oppressor landowner Falz-Fein.
Cast
Dmitriy Kapka as old man Levko
Maria Kapnist as Hegumeness
Olga Lysenko as Vustya
Yuri Maksimov as Leonid Bronnikov
Ivan Ryzhov as Mokeich
Larisa Shepitko as Ganna
Oleg Zhakov as Ivan Timofeevich Murashko
Natalia Gitserot as Sophia Falz-Fein
References
External links
1959 films
1950s Russian-language films
Soviet drama films
1959 drama films
Dovzhenko Film Studios films
Films based on Russian novels
Buluka is a genus of braconid wasps in the family Braconidae. There are about 11 described species in Buluka, found in Indomalaya, Africa, and China.
Species
These 11 species belong to the genus Buluka:
Buluka achterbergi Austin, 1989
Buluka collessi Austin & Dangerfield, 1992
Buluka horni Gupta, 2013
Buluka huddlestoni Austin, 1989
Buluka noyesi Austin, 1989
Buluka orientalis Chou, 1985
Buluka quickei Ranjith, 2015
Buluka straeleni de Saeger, 1948
Buluka taiwanensis Austin, 1989
Buluka townesi Austin, 1989
Buluka vuquangensis Long, 2015
References
Microgastrinae
Anacaona is the name of an all-female orchestra, founded in Havana in the early 1930s by Concepción "Cuchito" Castro Zaldarriaga and their sisters. Eventually, all 11 sisters joined the band. The band was formed during the Machado era when the political situation led to university closings, forcing Cuchito Castro to abandon their studies and their plan to start a dental practice. Instead, they chose a different career in 1932 by proposing a female septet to challenge the male-dominated son music. At the time, it was believed women were not capable of playing son. The band enjoyed close musical ties with well-known Cuban performers, in particular with Ignacio Piñeiro and Lázaro Herrera of the Septeto Nacional. Graciela, whose brother Machito laid the foundations of Latin Jazz, was Anacaona's lead singer for a decade.
History
Cuchito's sisters and friends came together as a group, naming it after the Taino queen Anacaona. The septet made its first official appearance in February 1932, at the Payret Theater in Havana. Performing on the radio and also nightly in the aires libres, open-air cafes, they soon found an enthusiastic audience. The members of the original 1932 septet were Isabel Álvarez, Berta Cabrera, Elia O'Reilly and the four Castro sisters–Ada, Olga "Bola", Cuchito and Ondina. Later on Caridad “Cachita”, Emma, Flora, Alicia, Argimira “Millo”, Xiomara and Yolanda joined the jazz band. Anacaona toured Cuba (1933), Puerto Rico (1935), Mexico (1936), Panama, Colombia and Venezuela (1937). In 1937 the septet published three records with RCA-Victor, then the worldwide leading music label. In the winter of the same year the Anacaona septet was the top act at a newly inaugurated night club on Broadway called „Havana Madrid“. The band was invited to perform at NBC's New York radio station, at the Hotel Commodore, Hotel Pierre, and the Waldorf Astoria where a show was held for Franklin D. Roosevelt's birthday. The band travelled on to Paris in 1938 with Alberto Socarrás, known as the “Magician on the Flute”. Anacaona was a smash as a jazz band in Les Ambassadeurs on the Champs-Elysées. Later in the evening the Anacaona son septet alternated with Django Reinhardt and their Quintett du Hot Club de France at the Chez Florence in Montmartre. Shortly before World War II the band returned to Cuba.
With concerts in New York and Paris, Anacaona rose to international fame.1947 Anacaona starred for two seasons in the musical show of the Casino Nacional of Havana under the direction of Cuban composer Ernesto Lecuona. The band made its screen debut in the film A La Habana me Voy (Off to Havana I go). They appeared in several other films in Mexico together with film star and rumba dancer Ninón Sevilla. Popular female singers such as Celia Cruz, Omara Portuondo (Buena Vista Social Club), Haydée Portuondo, Moraima Secada and Dominica Verges joined Anacaona during the forties and fifties.
Performing as a show band that played Mambo, Cha-cha-chá and Latin Jazz, Anacaona toured through South America in 1958 and appeared on radio and television as well as in theaters in Brazil, Uruguay, Argentina and Chile. Meanwhile, the revolutionaries led by Fidel Castro were on the move and had taken over when the band returned to Cuba. In 1962 Anacaona joined Cuba's National Council of Culture (Consejo Nacional de la Cultura) and later became part of the Ignacio Piñeiro state enterprise for traditional music. Although internationally the band faded from view, it remained very popular in Cuba and the original line-up continued to play until 1989.
Revival
The band was reorganized in 1989. The remaining five Castro sisters chose to leave the band, which is still active under the lead of Georgia and Dora Aguirre, the band's bassists. Since 1991 Anacaona has recorded several CDs and performed in more than 20 countries, including the United States, Canada and China. On the occasion of the band's 85th anniversary it toured Cuba in 2017.
Books
Alicia Castro's Queens of Havana: The Amazing Adventures of the Legendary Anacaona, Cuba's First All-Girl Dance Band (Grove Press, 2007) is a history of the band which concentrates on the band's early period. The British edition is titled Anacaona: The Adventures of Cuba's Most Famous All-Girl Orchestra.
Musical
A musical inspired by the sisters life and set at the time of the revolution in 1958 was produced by Youth Music Theatre UK in 2012.
Discography
Anacaona in its original line-up
Maleficio, Bésame aquí, Algo Bueno, Oh, Marambé Maramba, Amor Inviolado, Después que sufras (RCA-Victor, 1937)
Septeto Anacaona & Ciro Rimac, 1936-1937 (Harlequin Records, 1994)
Anacaona: The Buena Vista Sisters' Club. The Amazing Story of Cuba's Forgotten Girl Band (Termidor, 2008) ASIN: B00131TDNK
Anacaona - Ten Sisters of Rhythm. Termidor Musikverlag/Pimienta Records, 2002. DVD ASIN: B01GWC2D2C
Buena Vista Sisters' Club. (Pa'ti Pa' mi/Termidor Musikverlag, 2008) DVD ASIN: B00131TDNA
Anacaona today
¡Ay! (Discmedi 1992)
Como un milagro (Bis Music, 1995)
Lo que tú esperabas ... (Lusafrica, 2000)
Cuba le canta a Serrat vol. II (Discmedi, 2007)
No lo puedo evitar (Bis Music, 2008)
References
External links
Times Online: "Listen to Anacaona".
Queens of Havana on Amazon.com:
Cuban musical groups
All-female bands
Son cubano groups
The Twilight Derby is a Grade II American Thoroughbred horse race for three years olds over the distance of one-and-one-eighth miles on the turf scheduled annually in October at Santa Anita Park in Arcadia, California. The event currently carries a purse of $200,000.
History
The event was inaugurated on 18 October 1969 as the Volante Handicap at the Oak Tree Racing Association meeting at Santa Anita Park and was won by the Mrs. Howard B. Keck's entry Tell who was ridden by US Hall of Fame jockey Bill Shoemaker carrying the imposing weight of 130 pounds by of a length over Noholme Jr. in a time of 1:46. The event was named for Elias Jackson "Lucky" Baldwin's 1885 American Derby winner, Volante, who was ridden to victory by jockey Isaac Burns Murphy. Lucky Baldwin had built the original Santa Anita Racetrack Track in 1907 and Volante was buried at the track.
When the grading of races began as a Thoroughbred Owners and Breeders Association project in 1973 the event was classified as Grade III, however, the event was not held that year due to a strike by pari-mutual clerks.
In 1988 and 1989 the event was upgraded to Grade II before returning to Grade III.
In 1996 the event was one again upgraded to Grade II.
In 1997 the event was renamed to the Oak Tree Derby after the Oak Tree Racing Association.
In 2012 with the Oak Tree Racing Association abandoning the Santa Anita Track the event was renamed to the Twilight Derby.
The event has been held on the undercard of the Saturday Breeders' Cup card in 2008, 2009, 2016 and 2019.
Records
Time record:
1:44.48 – The Usual Q.T. (2009)
Margins:
lengths - Daytona (IRE) (2007)
Most wins by an owner:
2 – Charles E. Whittingham (1977, 1979)
Most wins by a jockey:
6 – Gary Stevens (1986, 1990, 1998, 1999, 2015, 2017)
Most wins by a trainer:
5 – Charles E. Whittingham (1969, 1974, 1977, 1979, 1989)
Winners
Legend:
Notes:
§ Ran as an entry
‡ In 1973 the Volante Handicap was scheduled to be held on Saturday, 7 October 1973, opening day of the Oak Tree Racing Association's meeting at Santa Anita but was cancelled due to a three-day strike by the pari-mutuel clerks.
See also
List of American and Canadian Graded races
References
Horse races in California
Santa Anita Park
Graded stakes races in the United States
Grade 2 stakes races in the United States
Flat horse races for three-year-olds
Turf races in the United States
Recurring sporting events established in 1969
1969 establishments in California
Giuseppe Badaracco (1588–1657), also called “Il Sordo” (the Deaf), was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly in Genoa, in Liguria and in the island of Corsica.
Born in Genoa into well-to-do family, they first studied classic literature, but moved into an apprenticeship with the painter Bernardo Strozzi, then Giovanni Andrea Ansaldo. They worked for some years in Florence, where they copied many of the works of Andrea del Sarto. Returning to Genoa (about 1625), they painted mainly for private customers. They worked also in Corsica (at that time part of the Republic of Genoa), where they painted locally influential paintings for some churches around Bastia. They died in 1657 from the plague that swept through Genoa. They fathered four sons; among them Giovanni Raffaele (1648–1717), who was also their pupil, became a notable painter.
Works
St Peter Martyr praying to the crucifix, Museum of Accademia di Belle Arti Tadini, Lovere.
Virgin and St Joseph intercede with the Trinity for the souls of Purgatory, in the church of San Pierre at Luri, Corsica. More of their paintings are found in other churches near Bastia
St Phillip Neri adoring the Crucifix, church of San Nicola e Erasmo, Genova-Voltri
Saints Erasmus, Clare, and Nicholas, church of Santa Maria Assunta, Camogli
Virgin grants scapular to Simon Stock, with the saints John the Baptist and Joseph, church of Saints Peter and Paul Ceriana
Death of St Joseph, church of Sant'Antimo at Piombino, Tuscany.
St Francesco da Paola attributed by some to Badaracco, Oratory of San Rocco, Tortona
Paintings for church of St Anthony the Abbott at Diano Marina
Madonna and Child with saints Peter, Erasmus and Anthony Abbott church of San Matteo at Borghetto Santo Spirito
Miracle of St Antony of Padua and the mule, Oratory of San Giuseppe, in the same town.
The last two paintings are interesting also from the historical point of view, as they show on the background two different views of Borghetto Santo Spirito in the 17th century.
Notes
References
External links
The work of Giuseppe Badaracco in Corsica
1588 births
1657 deaths
16th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
17th-century Italian painters
Italian Baroque painters
Painters from Genoa
17th-century deaths from plague (disease)
Chandrakala was an Indian actor who appeared in Telugu, Kannada, Tamil, Malayalam and Hindi films.
Film career
They debuted in Kannada films in 1963 and went on to pair with Dr. Rajkumar, Kalyan Kumar, Uday Kumar and Rajesh. In 1971, they made their debut in the Tamil movie Praptham opposite Sivaji Ganesan and Srikanth. Them most significant role was in the film Alaigal, directed by C. V. Sridhar. Them other notable films include Kaalangalil Aval Vasantham, Ulagam Sutrum Valiban and Moondru Deivangal (as Sivakumar's co-star). They were better known for their soft roles.
Partial filmography
Tamil
Praptham (1971) as Gowri - Debut in Tamil
Moondru Dheivangal (1971) as Lakshmi
Puguntha Veedu (1972) as Vasanthi
Alaigal (1973) as Lakshmi
Deiva Vamsam (1973) as Radha
Ulagam Sutrum Valiban (1973) as Rathnadevi
Uravadum Nenjam (1976)
Kaalangalil Aval Vasantham (1976) as Kalpana
Ellam Avale (1977)
Varuvan Vadivelan (1978)
Vazhthungal (1978)
Hindi
Shola Aur Shabnam (1961) as young Sandhya
Arab Ka Sitara (1961)
Kala Jadoo (1963)
Black Arrow (1965)
Badmaash (1969)
Return Of Johny (1972)
Aarambh (1976)
Kannada
Sri Ramanjaneya Yuddha (1963) as Dancer
Jeevana Tharanga (1963)
Jenu Goodu (1963)
Navakoti Narayana (1964)
Subba Shastry (1966)
Parvathi Kalyana (1967)
Onde Balliya Hoogalu (1967)
Bedi Bandavalu (1968)
Rowdy Ranganna (1968)
Ananda Kanda (1968)
Punya Purusha (1969)
Punarjanma (1969)
Margadarshi (1969)
Manashanthi (1969)
Chaduranga (1969)
Amarabharathi (1971)
Sankalpa (1973)
Maga Mommaga (1974)
Onde Roopa Eradu Guna (1975)
Mane Belaku (1975)
Suli (1978)
Sri Raghavendra Vaibhava (1981)
Telugu
Sathi Sukanya (1963)
Aada Paduchu (1967) as Sharada
Chelleli Kosam (1968)
Aatmiyulu (1969) as Seetha
Mathru Devata (1969)
Thalli Thandrulu (1970)
Jai Jawan (1970)
Thalla? Pellama? (1970)
Sampoorna Ramayanamu (1971)...Sita Devi
Nammaka Drohulu (1971)
Dussehra Bullodu (1971) as Nirmala
Inspector Bharya (1972)
Maa Inti Velugu (1972)
Kiladi Bullodu (1972)
Tata Manavadu (1972) as Suguna
Kanna Thalli (1972)
Poolmala (1973)
Puttinillu Mettinillu (1973)
Sthree (1973)
Manuvu Manasu (1973)
Nomu (1974) as Parvati
Chakravakam (1974)
Mugguru Ammayilu (1974)
Kode Nagu (1974)
Iddaru Iddare (1976)
Oka Deepam Veligindhi (1976)
Kurukshetram (1977) as Rukmini
Annadammula Savaal (1978)
Lakshmi Pooja (1979)
Sri Mantralaya Raghavendra Vaibhavam (1981)
Malayalam
Ezhuthatha Kadha (1970) as Meena
Moonnupookkal (1971)
Aanandham Paramaanandham (1977) as Rekha
Aa Nimisham (1977)
Vayanadan Thamban (1978)
Aalmaaraattam (1978)
Death
Chandrakala died prematurely of cancer on 21 June 1999, aged 48.
References
External links
Actresses in Tamil cinema
Indian film actores
1950s births
Year of birth uncertain
1999 deaths
Actresses in Malayalam cinema
Actresses in Kannada cinema
Actresses in Telugu cinema
Actresses in Hindi cinema
20th-century Indian actores
The Chilean swallow (Tachycineta leucopyga) is a species of bird in the family Hirundinidae. It breeds in Chile and Patagonia, migrating north as far as Bolivia, Paraguay, and Rio Grande do Sul.
Taxonomy and etymology
The new genus Tachycineta was created for this group of swallows by German ornithologist Jean Cabanis in 1850. The current genus name Tachycineta, is from Ancient Greek takhukinetos, "moving quickly", and the specific meyeni commemorates Prussian botanist and collector Franz Meyen. Some consider the species name to be leucopyga, which is what the species name originally was. This species, along with the white-rumped swallow, T. leucorrhoa, form a superspecies. This species is monotypic.
Description
The Chilean swallow is about in length and weighs . It is glossy blue-black above and white below with a white rump. Its wings and tail are black, with white tips on its inner secondaries and its tertials. Their underwing coverts and auxiliaries are both grey. The Chilean swallow's bill and legs are black. The sexes are alike, and the juveniles are duller and browner.
It is similar to the white-rumped swallow, but lacks the white forehead of that species and has bluer upperparts and grey underwing-coverts. In addition to this, the breeding ranges of the two have almost no overlap.
Distribution
This swallow is native to Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Chile, Falkland Islands, Paraguay, and Uruguay. It is vagrant to South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands. This swallow can also be found in Peru, but its origin is uncertain. Its breeding range is from the Atacama Desert in Chile and most of Argentina to the southern tip of South America. It is a year-round resident to the northern part of its range, but it is known to be migratory in the southern part. It is not well known where this population winters, but it seems to winter in northern Argentina, southern Brazil, Uruguay, and possibly Bolivia.
Behaviour
Breeding
This species has been seen to nest in both artificial and natural cavities, usually near water. They are usually solitary, although they will occasionally nest in loose groups if nest sites are near each other. Their nests are made from mud or dry grass and are lined with feathers.
This swallow is a seasonal breeder. It usually breeds from September and sometimes early October, especially near the tip of South America, to February. In Chile, it usually raises two to three broods.
The Chilean swallow usually has a clutch of four to six white eggs. The eggs measure and weigh around .
After the breeding season, it is found that the Chilean swallow forms flocks.
Diet
These birds are insectivores, usually feeding on flying insects. They usually forage alone or in small groups. When foraging, their flight paths are low and direct.
Status
The Chilean swallow is evaluated to be the least concern by the IUCN. The justification for this is the fact that the species is believed to have a range of about , its population is increasing, and the population is not believed to be small enough to be vulnerable under the population size criterion.
References
Chilean swallow
Birds of Chile
Birds of Patagonia
Chilean swallow
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Andrey Olegovich Ashmarin (; born 12 February 1984) is a Russian badminton player. They became the runner-up of 2013 Russian Open in men's doubles event with their partner Vitalij Durkin.
Achievements
BWF Grand Prix
The BWF Grand Prix had two levels, the Grand Prix and Grand Prix Gold. It was a series of badminton tournaments sanctioned by the Badminton World Federation (BWF) and played between 2007 and 2017.
Men's doubles
BWF Grand Prix Gold tournament
BWF Grand Prix tournament
BWF International Challenge/Series
Men's doubles
Mixed doubles
BWF International Challenge tournament
BWF International Series tournament
BWF Future Series tournament
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
Badminton players from Moscow
Russian male badminton players
The Tacarcuna tapaculo (Scytalopus panamensis) is a species of bird in the family Rhinocryptidae. It is found in Panama and Colombia.
Taxonomy and systematics
The Tacarcuna tapaculo was formerly called "pale-throated tapaculo", and what was later split as Nariño tapaculo (Scytalopus vicinior) was included as a subspecies.
Description
The Tacarcuna tapaculo is long. The male's upperparts are dark gray and the lower back and rump are reddish. The throat and breast are lighter gray and the flanks and crissum (the area around the cloaca) are tawny with black bars. It has a prominent whitish supercilium. The female is similar but has browner upper parts.
Distribution and habitat
The Tacarcuna tapaculo is found only in Cerro Tacarcuna, which straddles the Panama-Colombia border, and Cerro Mali, slightly further south in Panama. It inhabits the undergrowth of humid montane forest and its edges at elevations from .
Behavior
The Tacarcuna tapaculo forages on the ground and low in vegetation, usually in pairs. Its diet has not been recorded. Nothing is known about its breeding phenology.
Status
The IUCN has assessed the Tacarcuna tapaculo as Near Threatened. Though it is reasonably common in its range, its range is small, approximately 490 km2 (189 mi2). The population is estimated at between 6000 and 15,000 individuals and is believed to be stable. Though the species is partially protected in national parks in both countries it faces threats from mining and agricultural encroachment.
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet.
Scytalopus
Birds of Colombia
Birds of Panama
Birds described in 1915
Taxa named by Frank Chapman (ornithologist)
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 2015 Florida Gators soccer team represented the University of Florida soccer program for the 2015 NCAA soccer season.
Schedule
! style="background:#FF4A00;color:white;"| Regular Season
|- valign="top"
|- bgcolor="#ffffff"
| August 11 || Troy (Exhibition) || || Gainseville, FL || – || || 0–0 || 0–0
|- bgcolor="#ffffff"
| August 15 || Florida Gulf Coast || || Gainesville, FL || – || || – || 0–0
|- bgcolor="#ddffdd"
| August 21 || at UCF || 8 || Orlando, FL || 2–0 || || 1–0 || 0–0
|- bgcolor="#ffffff"
| August 23 || at Ohio State || || Columbus, OH || – || || – || 0–0
|- bgcolor="#ffffff"
| August 28 || at Miami || || Coral Gables, FL || – || || – || 0–0
|- bgcolor="#ffffff"
| August 30 || Florida State || || Gainesville, FL || – || || – || 0–0
|-
|- bgcolor="#ffffff"
| September 4 || Oklahoma State || || Gainesville, FL || – || || – || 0–0
|- bgcolor="#ffffff"
| September 10 || Texas A&M || || Gainesville, FL || – || || – || –
|- bgcolor="#ffffff"
| September 13 || at Jacksonville || || Jacksonville, FL || – || || – || –
|- bgcolor="#ffffff"
| September 18 || Mississippi || || Gainesville, FL || – || || – || –
|- bgcolor="#ffffff"
| September 20 || at Florida International || || Miami, FL || – || || – || –
|- bgcolor="#ffffff"
| September 25 || at Vanderbilt || || Nashville, TN || – || || – || –
|- bgcolor="#ffffff"
| September 27 || at Auburn || || Auburn, AL || – || || – || –
|-
|- bgcolor="#ffffff"
| October 2|| Kentucky || || Gainesville, FL || – || || – || –
|- bgcolor="#ffffff"
| October 9|| at Tennessee || || Knoxville, TN || – || || – || –
|- bgcolor="#ffffff"
| October 11|| LSU || || Gainesville, FL || – || || – || –
|- bgcolor="#ffffff"
| October 16|| at Mississippi State || || Starkville, MS || – || || – || –
|- bgcolor="#ffffff"
| October 22|| South Carolina || || Gainesville, FL || – || || – || –
|- bgcolor="#ffffff"
| October 25|| Arkansas || || Gainesville, FL || – || || – || –
|- bgcolor="#ffffff"
| October 29|| at Georgia || || Athens, GA || – || || – || –
|-
|-
! style="background:#FF4A00;color:white;"| Postseason
|-
References
Florida Gators
Florida Gators women's soccer seasons
Florida Gators
Joe Lutkenhaus is a professor at the University of Kansas Medical Center. They received a B.S. in organic chemistry from Iowa state University and then a PhD in biochemistry for the University of California, Los Angeles. Following their PhD, Lutkenhaus pursued their postdoctoral studies with William Donachie at the University of Edinburgh and then continued at the University of Connecticut Health Science center. In 2002, Lutkenhaus became a fellow of the American Academy of Microbiology.
Lutkenhaus discovered, among other things, that the FtsZ protein forms a ring around the division plane in bacteria and is thus a key factor in bacterial cell division.
Honors
Member of the American Academy of Microbiology
2012 Louisa Gross Horwitz Prize
2014 Member of the National Academy of Sciences
References
1947 births
American microbiologists
Living people
University of Kansas faculty
Iowa State University alumni
David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA alumni
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
Academics_of_the_University_of_Edinburgh
Sufyian Ibn Muhammad Barhoumi is an Algerian man who was held in extrajudicial detention in the United States Guantanamo Bay detention camps, in Cuba.
The Department of Defense reports that they were born on July 28, 1973, in Algiers, Algeria.
Sufyian Barhoumi arrived at Guantanamo on June 18, 2002, and was held at Guantanamo for nearly 20 years.
Barhoumi is among the small number of captives who faced charges before a Guantanamo military commission.
Sufyian Barhoumi and Abdul Latif Nasir tried to file emergency requests to be transferred from Guantanamo in the final days of Barack Obama's Presidency.
Official status reviews
Originally the Bush Presidency asserted that captives apprehended in the "war on terror" were not covered by the Geneva Conventions, and could be held indefinitely, without charge, and without an open and transparent review of the justifications for their detention.
In 2004 the United States Supreme Court ruled, in Rasul v. Bush, that Guantanamo captives were entitled to being informed of the allegations justifying their detention, and were entitled to try to refute them.
Office for the Administrative Review of Detained Enemy Combatants
Following the Supreme Court's ruling the Department of Defense set up the Office for the Administrative Review of Detained Enemy Combatants.
Scholars at the Brookings Institution, led by Benjamin Wittes, listed the captives still
held in Guantanamo in December 2008, according to whether their detention was justified by certain
common allegations:
Sufiyan Barhoumi was listed as one of the captives who had faced charges before a military commission.
Sufiyan Barhoumi was listed as one of the captives who had been charged before a Guantanamo military commission, and had subsequently had the charges dropped.
Sufiyan Barhoumi was listed as one of the captives who "The military alleges ... are members of Al Qaeda."
Sufiyan Barhoumi was listed as one of the captives who "The military alleges ... took military or terrorist training in Afghanistan."
Sufiyan Barhoumi was listed as one of the captives who "The military alleges that the following detainees were captured under circumstances that strongly suggest belligerency."
Sufiyan Barhoumi was listed as one of the captives who was an "al Qaeda operative".
Sufiyan Barhoumi was listed as one of the captives "who have been charged before military commissions and are alleged Al Qaeda operatives."
Sufiyan Barhoumi was listed as one of the captives who "deny affiliation with Al Qaeda or the Taliban yet admit facts that, under the broad authority the laws of war give armed parties to detain the enemy, offer the government ample legal justification for its detention decisions."
Sufiyan Barhoumi was listed as one of the captives who had admitted "to training at Al Qaeda or Taliban camps".
Habeas corpus petition
Barhoumi had a writ of habeas corpus filed on their behalf, Civil Action No. 05-cv-1506, by pro bono attorneys from Holland & Hart LLP.
On September 24, 2009, Carol Rosenberg, writing in the Miami Herald, reported that U.S. District Court Judge Rosemary Collyer had ruled that the USA could continue to hold Sufiyan in Guantanamo.
While the ruling was announced, its text remained classified.
Their case was appealed before a panel of judges, who confirmed Collyer's decision on June 10, 2010.
Formerly secret Joint Task Force Guantanamo assessment
On April 25, 2011, whistleblower organization WikiLeaks published formerly secret assessments drafted by Joint Task Force Guantanamo analysts.
A five-page JTF-GTMO assessment was drafted on June 11, 2004.
It was signed by camp commandant Jay W. Hood, who recommended continued detention.
Joint Review Task Force
When they assumed office in January 2009, President Barack Obama made a number of promises about the future of Guantanamo.
They promised to close the camp within a year of their inauguration. They promised the use of torture would cease at the camp. They promised to institute a new review system. That new review system was composed of officials from six departments, where the OARDEC reviews were conducted entirely by the Department of Defense. When it reported back, a year later, the Joint Review Task Force classified some individuals as too dangerous to be transferred from Guantanamo, even though there was no evidence to justify laying charges against them. On April 9, 2013, that document was made public after Freedom of Information Act request.
Sufiyan Barhoumi was one of the 71 individuals deemed too innocent to charge, but too dangerous to release.
Charges before a military commission
On July 6, 2004, United States President
Bush ordered that Sufyian Barhoumi be charged before a military commission.
The appointing authority approved the charges against Sufyian on 4 November 2005.
Barhoumi faced the charge of "Conspiracy".
Their five-page charge sheet listed thirteen general allegations, that were essentially identical to those of Jabran Said bin al Qahtani, Binyam Ahmed Muhammad, and Ghassan Abdullah al Sharbi. Sufyian Barhoumi, Jabran Said bin al Qahtani, Ghassan Abdullah al Sharbi, and two other captives, Binyam Ahmed Muhammad, and Omar Khadr had their charges confirmed on the same day as Barhoumi. Sufyian Barhoumi, Jabran Said bin al Qahtani, Ghassan Abdullah al Sharbi, and Binyam Ahmed Muhammad all faced conspiracy charges. Omar Khadr faced both murder and conspiracy to murder charges.
In July 2006, after considering Hamdan v. Rumsfeld, the United States Supreme Court ruled that the President lacked the Constitutional Authority to order Military Commissions. The Supreme Court ruled that only the United States Congress had the authority to order Military Commissions. So the charges against all ten men were dropped.
On May 29, 2008,
Barhoumi,
Jabran al-Qathani
and
Ghassan Abdullah al-Sharbi
were charged before the Congressionally authorized military commissions.
On October 21, 2008, Susan J. Crawford the official in charge of the Office of Military Commissions announced
charges were dropped against Barhoumi.
Carol J. Williams, writing in the Los Angeles Times reports that all five men had been connected by Abu Zubaydah—one of the three captives the CIA has acknowledged was interrogated using the controversial technique known as "waterboarding".
Williams quoted the men's attorneys, who anticipated the five men would be re-charged in thirty days.
They told Williams that: "... prosecutors called the move procedural",
and attributed it to the resignation of fellow Prosecutor Darrel Vandeveld, who resigned on ethical grounds. Williams reported that Clive Stafford Smith speculated that the Prosecution's dropping of the charges, and plans to subsequently re-file charges later was intended to counter and disarm the testimony Vandeveld was anticipated to offer, that the Prosecution had withheld exculpatory evidence.
Barhoumi has not been re-charged.
Jess Bravin, writing in the Wall Street Journal, reported that, by 2013, Barhoumi had decided they would plead guilty, to any charge, because they saw a plea bargain as a way to win themselves a fixed release date to look forward to.
Barhoumi was to have been charged with "providing material support for terrorism." But appeals court judges had overturned the convictions of other men who pled guilty to that charge.
Bravin said that Barhoumi had come close to agreeing to a plea bargain in 2009, that would have imposed a sentence of 20 years, except they wanted credit for the eight years they had already served.
Status during the Donald Trump administration
Observers noted that President Barack Obama's administration made a push to transfer as many individuals from Guantanamo, as possible, during their last year. The Washington Post reported that Sufyian Barhoumi was one of the five individuals who had been cleared for release, who remained in Guantanamo when Donald Trump was inaugurated in 2017.
Release
Barhoumi was repatriated to Algeria on April 2, 2022.
References
External links
Who Are the Remaining Prisoners in Guantánamo? Part Six: Captured in Pakistan (2 of 3) Andy Worthington, October 6, 2010
Commissions Transcripts Exhibits, and Allied Papers
US military charges Omar Khadr with murder, CTV, 7 November 2005
US charges five Guantanamo detainees with war crimes, China Daily, 7 November 2005
Canadian held at Guantanamo charged with murder, CBC, 7 November 2005
Five More Guantanamo Detainees Charged, The Guardian, 7 November 2005
Human Rights First; Habeas Works: Federal Courts' Proven Capacity to Handle Guantánamo Cases (2010)
Supreme Court to hear challenge to military commissions, San Francisco Mercury, 7 November 2005
Living people
Detainees of the Guantanamo Bay detention camp
Algerian extrajudicial prisoners of the United States
1973 births
People from Algiers
These are the late night schedules on all three networks for each calendar season beginning September 1982. All times are Eastern/Pacific.
PBS is not included, as member television stations have local flexibility over most of their schedules and broadcast times for network shows may vary, CBS and ABC are not included on the weekend schedules (as the networks do not offer late night programs of any kind on weekends).
Talk/variety shows are highlighted in yellow, network news programs in gold, and local news & programs are highlighted in white background.
Monday-Friday
Saturday
Sunday
By network
ABC
Returning Series
Nightline
New Series
One on One
The Last Word
Not Returning From 1981-82
ABC Late Night
Fridays
CBS
Returning Series
The CBS Late Movie
New Series
CBS News Nightwatch
NBC
Returning Series
Late Night with David Letterman
NBC Late Night Movie
NBC News Overnight
Saturday Night Live
SCTV Network 90
The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson
New Series
Friday Night Videos
Not Returning From 1981-82
Tomorrow Coast to Coast
United States late night network television schedules
1982 in American television
1983 in American television
NOTE: Cedar Township in Callaway County no longer contains the town of Cedar City (now incorporated into Jefferson City) since boundary changes creating Summit Township from its former southern sector sometime between 1883 and 1897 . This has caused some confusion in historical, geographic, and genealogical research—see "History" section below.
Cedar Township is today one of eighteen townships in Callaway County, Missouri, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 2,937.
Geography
Cedar Township today covers an area of and revolves around the incorporated town of New Bloomfield and areas in the northern reaches of Holts Summit addresses around Lake Mykee. Cedar Township includes the streams of Fitzhugh Branch, Kelly Branch, Lawson Branch, Murphy Branch, Murray Branch, Riley Branch, Skunk Creek and Town Creek, and cemeteries named Boyce, Cason, King, Mount Zion, Perry, Prospect, Providence, Saint Paul and Sheley. Cedar Township is bordered to the north by Guthrie Township (incl Guthrie), to the east by Caldwell Township (incl Dixie), to the southeast by Cote Sans Dessein township (incl Tebbetts and the remains of the historic Effie and Cote Sans Dessein settlements). To the direct south and southwest of Cedar Township today are Summit Township (including Holts Summit and the southern frontier town of Cedar City now absorbed into Jefferson City).
History
Cedar Township was established in 1824, and named after the Missouri River tributary Cedar Creek, which generally forms its western border with Boone County. At that time, it included what is now Summit Township (to its south), later separated around 1890.
Unfortunate confusion has arisen in historical and genealogical research from the fact that the nearby historic Missouri River shore town of Cedar City is no longer inside Cedar Township, but instead at the southern shoreline boundary of Summit Township, beyond Holts Summit, and since 1989 incorporated into the city limits of Jefferson City after its expansion northward across the Missouri River into Callaway County. To clarify 'the two Cedars' (both mentioned in historical and genealogical research) and changes over time, a historic map of Callaway County townships, where one can see both Cedar Township (hub in New Bloomfield, and north of the Summit Township created between 1883 and 1897) and Cedar City (at the far south of Summit Township but inside the former boundaries of Cedar Township) in detail can be found at
http://cdm16795.contentdm.oclc.org/cdm/ref/collection/moplatbooks/id/656 . Historic maps often do not show the relatively new and short-lived Lake Mykee Town, located near the border between Cedar and Summit townships, and Lake Mykee was absorbed in 2017 into the city limits of Holts Summit, making Holts Summit extend from its Summit Township base across into southern Cedar Township.
(An additional complication of names in Callaway County townships is that the town of Auxvasse, Missouri, inland and near the northern boundary of the county, is not today within the boundaries of Auxvasse Township at the southern boundary of the county and on the Missouri River.)
References
USGS Geographic Names Information System (GNIS)
External links
US-Counties.com
City-Data.com
Townships in Callaway County, Missouri
Jefferson City metropolitan area
Townships in Missouri
Mordechai Surkis (, 21 January 1908 – 26 May 1995) was an Israeli politician who was the first mayor of Kfar Saba, as well as serving as a member of the Knesset for Rafi and its successors between 1965 and 1974.
Biography
Born in Stanyslaviv in Austria-Hungary (today Ivano-Frankivsk in Ukraine, from 1919 to 1939 in Poland), Surkis made aliyah to Mandatory Palestine in 1933. They became a member of the Haganah, and during World War II, served in the Jewish Brigade.
In 1951 they became head of Kfar Saba local council. Under their leadership Kfar Saba was declared a city and they became the city's first mayor in 1962, a position they held until 1965. Between 1959 and 1965 they also chaired the Local Government Association. A member of the Mapai central committee, they joined Rafi in 1965 when it was formed by a group of breakaway Mapai members headed by David Ben-Gurion. Later in the year they were elected to the Knesset on the Rafi list. They retained their seat in the 1969 elections, by which time Rafi had merged into the Alignment, but lost their seat in the 1973 elections.
They died in 1995 at the age of 87.
References
External links
1908 births
1995 deaths
Alignment (Israel) politicians
British Army personnel of World War II
Haganah members
Israeli Labor Party politicians
Israeli people of Polish-Jewish descent
Jewish Israeli politicians
Jews from Galicia (Eastern Europe)
Jews in Mandatory Palestine
Mapai politicians
Mayors of places in Israel
People from Kfar Saba
Members of the 6th Knesset (1965–1969)
Members of the 7th Knesset (1969–1974)
People from Ivano-Frankivsk
Polish emigrants to Mandatory Palestine
Rafi (political party) politicians
Mandatory Palestine military personnel of World War II
Jewish Brigade personnel
The Black Album is the eighth studio album by American rapper Jay-Z. It was released on November 14, 2003, through Roc-A-Fella Records and Def Jam Recordings. It was advertised as their final album before retiring, which is also a recurring theme throughout the songs, although Jay-Z resumed their recording career in 2006. For the album, Jay-Z wanted to enlist a different producer for each song, working with Just Blaze, Kanye West, The Neptunes, Eminem, DJ Quik, Timbaland, 9th Wonder and Rick Rubin, among others. The album also features a guest appearance by Pharrell Williams.
The Black Album was promoted with a retirement tour by Jay-Z. It was also supported by three singles: "99 Problems", also the Billboard top-ten hits "Change Clothes" and "Dirt off Your Shoulder". The album received widespread acclaim from music critics and was a massive commercial success. It debuted at number one on the US Billboard 200, selling 463,000 copies in its first week. It became Jay-Z's top selling record of the 2000s decade, and was certified triple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) in 2005. The songs "Encore", "Dirt off Your Shoulder", and "99 Problems" are all on the Mashup EP, Collision Course with Linkin Park.
Critical reception
The Black Album was met with widespread critical acclaim. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream publications, it received an average score of 84, based on 19 reviews. AllMusic's John Bush claimed Jay-Z was retiring at their peak with the album. Vibe magazine said it was remarkable as an apotheosis of their genuinely thoughtful songwriting and lyrics "delivered with transcendent skill", while Steve Jones from USA Today said even with "top-shelf work" from elite producers, the album was elevated by Jay-Z's uniquely deft and diverse rapping style. Writing for The A.V. Club, Nathan Rabin felt Jay-Z returned to "brevity and consistency" on an album that demonstrated their lyrical abilities and, more importantly, hip hop's best producers. Jon Caramanica wrote in The Rolling Stone Album Guide (2004) that The Black Album was both "old-school and utterly modern", showcasing Jay-Z "at the top of their game, able to reinvent themselves as a rap classicist at the right time, as if to cement their place in hip-hop's legacy for generations to come".
Some reviewers were less enthusiastic. In Rolling Stone, Touré determined that The Black Album was slightly inferior to Jay-Z's best records, namely Reasonable Doubt (1996) and The Blueprint (2001). Dave Simpson from The Guardian was more critical, dismissing the music as "an aural equivalent of that old American favourite, the schmaltzy biopic." In The Village Voice, Robert Christgau gave the record a back-handed compliment: "[Jay-Z] raps like a legend in their own time—namely, Elvis in Vegas". Nonetheless, in a retrospective review in 2011, Christgau stated that they were impressed by the stretch of songs from "Encore" to "Justify My Thug" and thought "the fanfares, ovations, maternal reminiscences, and vamp-till-ready shout-outs were overblown at best" at the time of its release, but they came to sound "prophetic" because of the entrepreneurial success and fame they continued to achieve afterwards. "He's got a right to celebrate their autobiography in rhyme because he's on track to become a personage who dwarfs any mere rapper," Christgau wrote, "and not only can they hire the best help dark green can buy, they can make it sing."
In 2005, The Black Album was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Rap Album, losing to Kanye West's The College Dropout at the 47th Grammy Awards. It was ranked number 349 on Rolling Stones 2012 edition of The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time list, and rose to number 155 on the list's 2020 edition. Pitchfork ranked The Black Album at number 90 on its decade-end list of the top 200 albums from the 2000s, while Slant Magazine ranked it seventh best on a similar list. In 2012, Complex named it one of the "classic" records of the previous decade.
Commercial performance
The Black Album debuted at number one on the US Billboard 200 chart, selling 463,000 copies in its first week, according to Nielsen Soundscan. This became Jay-Z's sixth US number one album. Another note on the alter was that the Black Album also blocked the soundtrack to the Tupac Shakur documentary, Tupac: Resurrection, and the G-Unit debut album, Beg for Mercy, from the top position. Both albums charted at numbers two and three respectively. In its second week, the album dropped to number four on the chart, selling an additional 288,000 copies. In its third week, the album climbed to number one on the chart, selling 288,000 more copies. In its fourth week, the album dropped to number ten on the chart, selling 124,000 copies. On August 16, 2005, the album was certified RIAA Certification triple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) for shipments of over three million copies. As of July 2013, the album had sold 3,516,000 copies in the US. According to Billboard, it became Jay-Z's top selling record of the 2000s and the 136th highest selling record of the decade in the United States.
Three singles were released from the album and appeared on the Billboard charts. "Change Clothes" and "Dirt off Your Shoulder" both reached the top 10 of the Hot 100, while "99 Problems" peaked at number 30.
Remixes
In December 2004 Roc-A-Fella Records released The Black Album on vinyl with no beats underneath Jay-Z's lyrics, spurring producers and DJs to rework their farewell disc into creations such as The Brown Album and even The Grey Album, by Los Angeles producer Danger Mouse, which combines Jay's words with music from the Beatles' self-titled album (also known as the "White Album"), breaking with the Roc-A-Fella's tradition of not releasing a cappella 12-inches, so producers could "remix the hell out of it."
Several notable reworkings were released but of all the remixed albums, The Grey Album was the most popular. The hype around The Grey Album gained notoriety when EMI attempted to halt its distribution despite approval from Jay-Z and the two surviving Beatles, Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr. EMI ordered Danger Mouse and retailers carrying the album to cease distribution. Music industry activist group Downhill Battle responded by coordinating Grey Tuesday, an electronic civil disobedience event held on February 24, 2004. Participating websites posted copies of The Grey Album for free download for a 24-hour period in protest of EMI's attempts to prevent distribution of the mashup on the grounds that sampling is fair use and that a statutory license should be provided in the same manner as if an artist were to perform or record a cover version of a song. Hundreds of web sites publicized the event with 170 hosting the album for download. Over 100,000 copies were downloaded on that day alone. The legal repercussions of the protest were minimal; a number of the participants received cease and desist letters from EMI, but no charges were filed in connection with the event.
Track listing
All song samples, writing and production credits are according to the album booklet.
Track notes
signifies an additional producer
"What More Can I Say" features additional vocals by Vincent 'Hum V' Bostic
"Encore" features additional vocals by John Legend, Don Crawley, Leonard Harris and Kanye West
"Change Clothes" features additional vocals by Pharrell Williams
"Threat" features additional vocals by Cedric the Entertainer
"Justify My Thug" features additional vocals by Sharlotte Gibson
"Lucifer" features additional vocals by Kanye West
Sample credits
"December 4th" contains a sample of "That's How Long" written by Walter Boyd and Elijah Powell Jr., and performed by The Chi-Lites.
"What More Can I Say" contains samples of "Something for Nothing" written by Thom Bell, Kenneth Gamble and Roland Chambers, and performed by MFSB, and "Keep Your Hands High" written by Tracey Lee and Christopher Wallace, and performed by Tracey Lee featuring The Notorious B.I.G.
"Encore" contains elements of "I Will" performed by John Holt.
"Threat" contains a sample from "A Woman's Threat" written and performed by R. Kelly.
"99 Problems" contains samples of "Long Red" written by Norman Landsberg, Felix Pappalardi, John Ventura and Leslie Weinstein, and performed by Mountain, "Get Me Back on Time, Engine Number 9" performed by Wilson Pickett, "The Big Beat" written and performed by Billy Squier, elements of "99 Problems" written by Tracy Marrow and Alphonso Henderson, and performed by Ice-T, interpolations of "Touched" written by Chad Butler and Bernard Freeman, and performed by UGK, and portions of "Children's Story" written and performed by Slick Rick.
"Public Service Announcement (Interlude)" contains a portion of "No One Can Do It Better" written by Tracy Curry and Andre Young, and performed by The D.O.C., and a sample of "Seed of Love" written by Raymond Levin, and performed by Little Boy Blues.
"Justify My Thug" contains portions of "Rock Around the Clock" written by Max C. Freedman and James E. Myers, and performed by Bill Haley & Their Comets, samples of "Rock Box" written by Darryl McDaniels, Joseph Simmons and Larry Smith, and performed by Run-DMC, and an interpolation of "Justify My Love", written by Madonna Ciccone, Ingrid Chavez and Lenny Kravitz, and performed by Madonna.
"Lucifer" contains a sample of "Chase the Devil" written by Hugh Perry and Maxie Smith, and performed by Max Romeo.
"My 1st Song" contains a sample of "Tu y Tu Mirar...Yo y Mi Canción" written by Germain de La Fuente, and performed by Los Angeles Negros, and a vocal portion of The Notorious B.I.G.'s 1996 interview for MTV.
Personnel
Adapted from AllMusic.
Aqua – producer
Marcella Araica – assistant
Vincent "Hum V" Bostic – vocals
David Brown – engineer, mixing assistant
Shari Bryant – marketing
Buchannans – producer
Kareem "Biggs" Burke – executive producer
Shawn Carter – executive producer, liner notes, primary artist, producer
Demacio Castellon – engineer
Cedric The Entertainer – guest artist, vocals
Don Crawley – vocals
Damon Dash – executive producer
Tony Dawsey – mastering
DJ Quik – mixing, producer
Danee Doty – vocals
Jimmy Douglas – mixing
Eminem – mixing, producer
Sharlotte Gibson – vocals
Walik Goshorn – photography
Leon Harris – vocals
Keenan "Kee Note" Holloway – bass
Ken "Duro" Ifill – mixing
Kyambo "Hip Hop" Joshua – A&R
Just Blaze – producer
Gimel Keaton – engineer, mixing
Steve King – bass, engineer, guitar, mixing
Jason Lader – programming
Darcell Lawrence – A&R
John Legend – vocals
Jonathan Mannion – photography
Rob Mitchell – A&R
The Neptunes – producer
9th Wonder – producer
Amber Noble – marketing
Felix Pappalardi –
Luis Resto – keyboards, producer
Rick Rubin – mixing, producer
Lenny Santiago – A&R, photography
Andrew Scheps – engineer, mixing
Robert Sims – art direction, design
Chris Steflene – assistant engineer
Michael Strange Jr. – engineer
Darrell Thorp – mixing
Timbaland – producer
Richard Travali – mixing
Joseph Weinberger – producer
Eric Weissman – sample clearance
Kanye West – producer, vocals
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
See also
Danger Mouse – The Grey Album (2004)
List of number-one albums of 2003 (U.S.)
List of number-one R&B albums of 2003 (U.S.)
References
External links
The Black Album at Discogs
In Brief: Jay-Z at New York
Jay-Z Raps On the Fly Like a Man Set to Die at New York Times
2003 albums
Albums produced by 9th Wonder
Albums produced by DJ Quik
Albums produced by Eminem
Albums produced by Just Blaze
Albums produced by Kanye West
Albums produced by the Neptunes
Albums produced by Rick Rubin
Albums produced by Timbaland
Def Jam Recordings albums
Jay-Z albums
Roc-A-Fella Records albums
Cryptocteniza is a monotypic genus of North American mygalomorph spiders in the family Euctenizidae containing the single species, Cryptocteniza kawtak. It was first described by Jason Bond, C. A. Hamilton and R. L. Godwin in 2020, and it has only been found in the United States.
See also
List of Euctenizidae species
References
Euctenizidae
Monotypic Mygalomorphae genera
Spiders of the United States
Stara Wieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mircze, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-west of Mircze, south of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
The 2017 WPA World Nine-ball Championship was the 26th edition of the 9-Ball pool World Championships. It took place from December 9 to 14, 2017 in the al-Attiya Sports Arena of the Al-Arabi Sports Club in Doha. The Qatari capital was the eighth time in a row the venue for the 9-Ball Championships.
The championship was won by Filipino Carlo Biado, who defeated their compatriot Roland Garcia 13–5 in the final. Third place went to Taiwanese Wu Kun-lin and fourth to Albanian Eklent Kaçi. Defending champion was the Austrian Albin Ouschan, who lost in the second round against Kun-lin. The world number one Chang Jung-Lin was defeated in the round of the last 64 of the Canadian John Morra.
Qualification
The tournament is attended by 128 players. 24 players qualified over the world rankings. A total of 92 starting places have been awarded according to a quota by the continental and regional associations as well as the hosting Qatari association and the sponsors. From December 5 to 7, 2017, a qualifying tournament was held, in which 96 participants in three knockout competitions played off the remaining 12 starting positions.
In the main tournament, the 128 participants were first divided into 16 groups of 8 players, in which they competed in the double knockout system from December 9 to 11 . Four players of each group qualified for the final round, which took place from December 12 to 14 and was played in the knockout system.
Tournament bracket
Preliminary round
Group 1
Group 2
Group 3
Group 4
Group 5
Group 6
Group 7
Group 8
Group 9
Group 10
Group 11
Group 12
Group 13
Group 14
Group 15
Group 16
Final round
Final
The final was played between two Filipino players, the two players alternate break. Carlo Biado reached 13 in the first place to win the championship.
Biado quickly dominated the first two games. They then took advantage of Garcia's mistakes to make the score 5–0, then 7–0. Garcia gets the first point in the eighth game, losing 1–7. However Garcia's perfectionism in the next game led Biado to raise the score to 8–1.
Garcia seemed to be back with two straight wins, with a 3–8 deficit. However, a good break from Biado, with a penalty shoot-out Garcia made the score continue to separate the 7 points is 10–3. However, at this time the results seem to have been determined. Biado quickly ended the match with a perfect game of breaking balls and win the match and the 9-Ball world championship for the first time.
Notes and references
Notes
References
External links
Official Website
Empire Poker WPA World Pool Championship 2017 at azbilliards.com
2017
WPA World Nine-ball Championship
WPA World Nine-ball Championship
International sports competitions hosted by Qatar
Sports competitions in Doha
Taeko Oyama (大山妙子, born 18 June 1974) is a Japanese former basketball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
References
1974 births
Living people
Japanese women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Japan
Basketball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Asian Games medalists in basketball
Basketball players at the 1994 Asian Games
Basketball players at the 1998 Asian Games
Basketball players at the 2002 Asian Games
Asian Games gold medalists for Japan
Asian Games silver medalists for Japan
Medalists at the 1994 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1998 Asian Games
Hoopers Shoulder () is an independent cone at an elevation of on the western slopes of Mount Erebus on Ross Island, Antarctica. From McMurdo Sound it appears as a perfect pyramid of black rock, standing out as a splendid mark against the background of the ice and almost on a line from Cape Royds to the crater of Mount Erebus. The cone itself is about high and is surrounded by a deep moat or ditch, caused by the sweeping action of strong winds. It was named by Frank Debenham on the second ascent of Mount Erebus for F.J. Hooper, a flight attendant of the British Antarctic Expedition, 1910–13, and a member of the ascent party.
References
Volcanoes of Ross Island
Oleosins are structural proteins found in vascular plant oil bodies and in plant cells. Oil bodies are not considered organelles because they have a single layer membrane and lack the pre-requisite double layer membrane in order to be considered an organelle. They are found in plant parts with high oil content that undergo extreme desiccation as part of their maturation process, and help stabilize the bodies.
Components
Oleosins are proteins of 16 kDa to 24 kDa and are composed of three domains: an N-terminal hydrophilic region of variable length (from 30 to 60 residues); a central hydrophobic domain of about 70 residues and a C-terminal amphipathic region of variable length (from 60 to 100 residues). The central hydrophobic domain is proposed to be made up of beta-strand structure and to interact with the lipids. It is the only domain whose sequence is conserved. Models show oleosins having a hairpin-like hydrophobic shape that is inserted inside the triacylglyceride (TAG), while the hydrophilic parts are left outside oil bodies.
Oleosins have been found on oil bodies of seeds, tapetum cells, and pollen but not fruits. Instead of a stabilizer of oil bodies, oleosins are believed to be involved in water-uptaking of pollen on stigma.
Allergic reactions
Allergic reactions to oleosins from hazelnut, peanut and sesame oils have been confirmed, ranging from contact dermatitis to anaphylactic shock. These oil body associated proteins are at ~14 and ~17 kDa, named, respectively, Ses i 5 and Ses i 4. Commercial-grade peanut oil is highly refined, so the oleosins are removed, but commercial-grade sesame oil is typically an unrefined product with a measurable protein content. In addition to being a food ingredient, sesame oil can be present in drug products, dietary supplements and topically applied cosmetics.
Usage
Oleosins provide an easy way of purifying proteins which have been produced recombinantly in plants. If the protein is made as a fusion protein with oleosin and a protease recognition site is incorporated between them, the fusion protein will sit in the membrane of the oil body, which can be easily isolated by centrifugation. The oil droplets can then be mixed with aqueous medium again, and oleosin cleaved from the protein of interest. Centrifugation will cause two phases to separate again, and the aqueous medium now contains the purified protein.
References
Protein families
Plant cells
Proteins
Rainco is a privately held company in Sri Lanka which manufactures umbrellas, mosquito nets and rainwear. Starting as a home-based operation in 1977, as of 2015 the company counts four production factories across the island, a workforce of over 1200 and a dealer network of over 7000. As the first company to obtain ISO 9001-2000 certification and SLS certifications for the manufacture of umbrellas in Sri Lanka, Rainco is also the only producer of ISO 9001-2000 system certified mosquito nets in South Asia. Rainco products are currently exported to the Maldives, India, Mauritius, Singapore and Seychelles. The company is also the official representative of several global brands in Sri Lanka including Cartoon Network.
History
Rainco began when entrepreneur S. L. M. Fausz hired 5 employees in 1977 and started making umbrellas through a process of trial and error out of a small house in Kadugannawa, Kandy. Following an arbitrary separation with the partners, the company relaunched as Sri Lanka Umbrella Industries in 1990 and resumed the manufacture of umbrellas under the brand name Globe. In 2000, the company took the Rainco name and by 2003 became the first to obtain ISO 9001-2000 certification for umbrellas in Sri Lanka.
Products
Umbrellas
Rainco produces 29 varieties of umbrellas, including compact/straight umbrellas for ladies, gents and children as well as garden and beach umbrellas in a variety of colours, designs and fabrics. The company also undertakes the manufacturing of custom-designed, “branded” umbrellas.
Mosquito Nets
Rainco produces the only ISO 9001-2000 system certified mosquito net in South Asia. The company is also the sole Sri Lankan distributor of PermaNet pre-treated mosquito nets and curtains produced by Swedish firm, Vestergaard Frandsen.
Rainwear
Rainco also manufactures raincoats and other rainwear garments in a variety of colours and designs.
Socks
Cottonmax brand of socks for adults and kids
Shoe polish
Silver brand of shoe polish and other shore care products including shoe deodorant and renovators
Baby gear
Baby mosquito nets
Cot sheets
Baby feeding and nursing products
Factories
The company operates four production factories in Kadugannawa and Mawanella which provide employment to over 700 workers and output over half a million umbrellas and over 50,000 mosquito nets monthly.
References
Rainco rewards winners of Tharageta Kuda halamuda island wide promotion - Daily Mirror - Tue, 04 Jun 2019
Rainco mosquito-proof nets endeavour to protect every household -Daily FT 26 April 2019
Rainco teams up with Education Ministry -Sunday Observer June 2019
Rainco Thegi Dela Mosquito Net Promotion - lankabusinessnews - 13, March 2019
External links
Company profile on Alibaba.com
Manufacturing companies based in Colombo
Privately held companies of Sri Lanka
Manufacturing companies established in 1977
Sri Lankan companies established in 1977
The 2000 Sta. Lucia Realtors season was the eighth season of the franchise in the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA).
Draft picks
Transactions
Finals stint
Under new head coach Norman Black, who moved from Pop Cola to Sta.Lucia at the beginning of the season, the Realtors played in the PBA championship series for the first time in their eight-year history during the Commissioner's Cup, Sta.Lucia lost to defending champions San Miguel Beermen in five games.
Roster
Elimination round
Games won
(*) loss was reversed and change to a win
References
Sta. Lucia
Sta. Lucia Realtors seasons
tl:Panahong PBA 2000
Nogizaka46 has released twenty-eight singles and six albums, as well as numerous music videos and concert performance videos. Million-selling singles have included "Influencer" and "Synchronicity", each of which won a Japan Record Awards Grand Prix, as well as "Kaerimichi wa Tōmawari Shitaku Naru" and "Sayonara no Imi". Album releases include the studio albums Tōmei na Iro, Sorezore no Isu, Umarete kara Hajimete Mita Yume, and Ima ga Omoide ni Naru made. The group also released a compilation of "under" songs, written for members who perform at concerts but are not part of the main selection group for promoting singles, with the title Boku dake no Kimi: Under Super Best. They released the 10-year-anniversary the greatest hits album, titled Time Flies.
Albums
Studio albums
Compilation albums
Singles
As lead artist
Promotional singles
Guest appearances
Other charted songs
Videography
Video albums
Notes
References
Discographies of Japanese artists
Pop music group discographies
Vladimír Vašíček (29 September 1919, Mistřín – 29 August 2003, Svatobořice) was a Czech painter. They were one of the pioneers of Czech modern and abstract painting after the World War II.
Vladimír Vašíček is one of the foremost representatives of non–figurative painting in the Czech Republic. Their artistic production spans the second half of the 20th century. They lived and worked in their birthplace Svatobořice-Mistřín in the South Moravian Region.
Life and work
The beginnings of Vašíček's artistic career were delayed by World War II – they could enter the Academy of Fine Arts only after the Liberation of the country. Having finished their studies they returned to their native region, where they founded their family and built a studio. In the hard days of totalitarian regime they persisted in their search for modern artistic expression and was trying to keep their artistic freedom and remain independent from the doctrine of the so-called socialistic realism.
Together with their friends, Moravian painters Kubíček, Matal and Vaculka, they searched for the possibilities of concentrated expression accompanied by stylized subjects and their transformation based on fauvist, cubist, futuristic, and particularly Orphist incentives. They took their inspiration from the classics of modern painting, mainly the work of František Kupka.
From 1960 they produced non–figurative paintings, in the beginning with quite a variable artistic form, which later became stabilized in two main lines, antipodal in a certain way and built on common aesthetic principle. It was based on the expression of the dynamism of life, sensualistic relation to reality and a harmosation principle dominating the whole of the painting.
Vašíček reacted to the topical incentives of world art, for instance by increased interest in the expression value of the surface structure of the painting matter, by return to the principles of geometric abstraction, the Freedom of Tashist painting and spontaneity of gestic art, transforming all of these incentives into their own individual version rooted in the world of the artist's original thinking. Vašíček's paintings are conceived as a paraphrase of nonmaterial phenomena, energy, natural forces, physical and biological processes – of events in which man takes part as well.
The artist sees the surrounding world on the basis of both exact facts verified by science, and through their own perception and experience. For them it represents a firm system ruled by intrinsic logic and harmony. An antipode to this feeling of certitude is the unrest of the soul, the chaos of human heart. The two components of existence come together in the ambivalent Being. Together with Nicolaus Cusanus the painter perceives it as absolute being that has resulted from the Creator's utterly wise project.
Vašíček's paintings reflect their author's philosophical vision, hisperception of universal truths, attempts to integrate incompatible polarities. However, they are deeply rooted in the experience of the simplest wonders of nature and the poetry of the fields, meadows and gardens of the sunny south of Moravia.
Vladimír Vašíček created actively until their last day (29 August 2003).
External links
Videopalette- videosite
Factual site
Documentary site
Videoblog
2003 deaths
1919 births
People from Hodonín District
20th-century Czech painters
Czech male painters
Czechoslovak painters
20th-century Czech male artists
Anna's Reservoir Conservation Reserve is a protected area in the Northern Territory of Australia.
It is located approximately north of Alice Springs and is within the boundaries of Aileron Station.
The traditional owners of the area are the Anmatyerre peoples.
The first European to visit the area was John McDouall Stuart in April 1860 while on expedition through the area. Stuart named the rock-hole after the youngest daughter of James Chambers, who had sponsored the expedition. Stuart visited the rock-hole on their next three attempts to reach the north coast of Australia. Other travellers and the builders of the Overland Telegraph Line all used the reservoir for water.
Alfred Giles made use of the reservoir when overlanding 4,000 cattle and 8,000 sheep to establish Springvale Station near Katherine in 1879.
In 1980, the conservation reserve was listed on the now-defunct Register of the National Estate. In 1995, it was listed on the Northern Territory Heritage Register.
The conservation reserve is categorised as an IUCN Category V protected area.
See also
Protected areas of the Northern Territory
References
Conservation reserves in the Northern Territory
Protected areas established in 1971
1971 establishments in Australia
Northern Territory places listed on the defunct Register of the National Estate
Northern Territory Heritage Register
Noe Balvin (born 2 November 1930) is a Colombian former sports shooter. They competed in the 50 metre pistol event at the 1960 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1930 births
Possibly living people
Colombian male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Colombia
Shooters at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Santander Department
Kirstie Claire Marshall, OAM (born 21 April 1969) is an Australian aerial skier and Victorian state politician.
Marshall was an ex-gymnast who became an aerial skier at Mount Buller, Victoria. During their skiing career Marshall won over 40 World Cup medals, including 17 World Cup gold medals. Marshall competed in aerial skiing as a demonstration sport at the 1992 Albertville Winter Olympics, and as a medal event at the 1994 Lillehammer and 1998 Nagano games, where they came sixth and fourteenth, respectively.
In December 2002, aged 33, Marshall was elected as a Member of Parliament in the Victorian Legislative Assembly for the Labor Party.
On 26 February 2003, they were ejected from the Lower House chamber for breastfeeding their 11-day-old baby, Charlotte Louise. A section of the Parliamentary rules, namely Standing Order 30, states: "Unless by order of the House, no Member of this House shall presume to bring any stranger into any part of the House appropriated to the Members of this House while the House, or a Committee of the whole House, is sitting." As there is no age limit to 'strangers in the House' (non-elected persons), only MPs and certain parliamentary staff are allowed in the House during sitting times.
Subsequently, the Speaker of the House set aside a room in which female MPs can feed their children without violating the Standing Orders.
Early life and sporting career
Marshall was born in Melbourne on 21 April 1969 and grew up in the Melbourne suburb of Black Rock with parents, Ron and Anne, older sister, Sascha and younger brother, Carey. They attended Black Rock Primary school (Prep - Yr 6), then Mentone Girls High School (now Mentone Secondary College) before transferring to Firbank Girls' Grammar School in Yr 9. They moved to Taylors College for year 12.
Marshall, along with their siblings, started skiing from the age of 4 at the Mount Baw Baw ski resort in Victoria, Australia. In 1981 the family became regular skiers at the Mount Buller ski resort, one of the largest ski resorts in Victoria. In 1987 they joined Team Buller, a Freestyle ski team run by Geoff Lipshut, Peter Braun, Eyal Talmore, Tim Skate and David Freedman based on Mount Buller.
The creation of a skier-exchange program for Freestyle Aerialists saw three Japanese skiers spend the 1987 winter in Mount Buller one of whom, Takayo Yokoyama, was nearing the end of their career and was interested in becoming an International coach. With little prospects in their native country, the chance meeting in Australia saw Marshall being offered a four-month scholarship in Inawashiro, Listel Ski Fantasia, the center for Freestyle Skiing in Japan, with Takayo as their coach.
Following the 1988 Australian Freestyle competition where they placed first, Marshall decided to follow the European winter and compete on the four-month World Cup Season. Sponsored by a Melbourne-based travel company, they headed overseas as the only Australian representative in either Aerials, Moguls or Ballet (Acrobatics).
While not truly competitive with their single back layout and single front tuck, they completed their rookie season finishing in 10th position, at that time one of the highest placing by an Australian winter athlete, male or female, in any winter sport other than Lyn Gross (La Clusaz World Cup Aerials). Malcolm Milne (World Cup Downhill) Steve Lee (World Cup Downhill) Zali Steggall (World Cup Slalom). In 1990 Marshall won their first World Cup event. In 1992, they were crowned World Champion, with six World Cup victories, and competed in aerial skiing as a demonstration sport at the 1992 Albertville Winter Olympics. They were Australia's flag bearer at the 1994 Lillehammer Winter Olympics, where they were placed sixth in the women's aerial skiing event – the nation's best Olympic result at the time. They also competed in the 1998 Nagano Winter Olympics. Marshall set several world records over the course of their skiing career, including becoming the first woman in history to score over 100 points on a single competition jump, with a score of 104.37. Them 17th career World Cup gold medal in 1998 tied them for the all-time record for career World Cup aerial victories with Canadian skier Marie Claude Asselin, who retired in 1984. They have been a board member of the Olympic Winter Institute of Australia since their retirement from skiing.
Marshall discovered current Australian aerial skier, David Morris, while attending a gymnastics display at their local club, which is within their electorate of Forest Hill.
Political career
On 3 September 2002, Victorian State Premier Steve Bracks announced that Marshall had been nominated for preselection as a Labor candidate in the Victorian state seat of Forest Hill. In the election that followed, they won the seat of Forest Hill with a swing of more than 10%.
On 27 February 2003, twelve days after giving birth to their first child, daughter Charlotte Louise, Marshall attended the first sitting of parliament following the 2002 election. When official proceedings commenced whilst they were still breastfeeding their newborn, the Speaker of the House ejected Charlotte (and therefore their mother) from the chamber as "only MPs and certain parliamentary staff are allowed in the House during sitting times". The controversy that followed was headline news and led to widespread debate in the community regarding the merits of women breastfeeding in public or at workplaces.
Marshall was re-elected for the seat of Forest Hill in the 2006 state election. They lost their seat in 2010, with local residents citing their choice to live in Richmond rather than the electorate and media reportage of avoiding interviews as key reasons. A statement issued by their office on election day stated "Kirstie will not be doing any interviews today or tonight. They will not be having any (photo) shots done during the day or at their function tonight."
Honours
Marshall received an Australian Sports Medal in 2000 and a Medal of the Order of Australia in 2003. They were inducted into the Sport Australia Hall of Fame in 2010.
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
Australian Labor Party members of the Parliament of Victoria
Australian female freestyle skiers
Sportswomen from Victoria (Australia)
Politicians from Melbourne
Members of the Victorian Legislative Assembly
Australian sportsperson-politicians
Recipients of the Medal of the Order of Australia
Recipients of the Australian Sports Medal
Sport Australia Hall of Fame inductees
Skiers from Melbourne
Olympic freestyle skiers of Australia
Freestyle skiers at the 1994 Winter Olympics
Freestyle skiers at the 1998 Winter Olympics
21st-century Australian politicians
21st-century Australian women politicians
Women members of the Victorian Legislative Assembly
Helcystogramma melantherella is a moth in the family Gelechiidae. It was described by August Busck in 1900. It is found in North America, where it has been recorded from North Carolina south to Florida and west to Texas and Arkansas.
The wingspan is 12.5–13 mm. The forewings are deep purplish brown, nearly black, with a satin luster. There is a short black streak before the middle of the wing, near the dorsal margin, edged anteriorly and posteriorly with a few white scales. There is also a small round black dot at the end of the cell, slightly edged posteriorly with white. A scarcely perceptible, outwardly angulated, narrow fascia of a paler shade is found at the apical fourth, terminating in a yellowish costal streak. The hindwings are dark purplish grey.
The larvae feed on Calyptocarpus vialis, Cynara scolymnus, Melanthera nivea and Xanthium strumarium.
References
Moths described in 1900
melantherella
Moths of North America
Henry Luther Dickey (October 29, 1832 – May 23, 1910) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio for two terms from 1877 to 1881.
Biography
Born in South Salem, Ohio, Dickey moved with their parents to Washington Court House, Ohio, in 1836.
They moved to Greenfield, Ohio, in 1847.
They attended Greenfield Academy.
They pursued the vocation of civil engineer, and in that capacity had charge of the construction of the Marietta and Cincinnati Railroad in Vinton County, Ohio.
They resigned in 1855.
They studied law.
They were admitted to the bar at Chillicothe, Ohio, in 1857.
They were graduated from the Cincinnati Law School in 1859.
They commenced practice in Greenfield.
They served as member of the State house of representatives in 1861.
They served in the State senate in 1868 and 1869.
Dickey was elected as a Democrat to the Forty-fifth and Forty-sixth Congresses (March 4, 1877 – March 3, 1881).
They were not a candidate for renomination in 1880.
They resumed the practice of law.
They were admitted to practice before the Supreme Court of the United States in 1877.
They served as president of the Commercial Bank of Greenfield.
They died in Greenfield, Ohio, on May 23, 1910.
They were interred in Greenfield Cemetery.
Sources
External links
1832 births
1910 deaths
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
People from Ross County, Ohio
People from Greenfield, Ohio
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Ohio state senators
Ohio lawyers
University of Cincinnati College of Law alumni
People from Washington Court House, Ohio
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
Events from the year 1684 in England.
Incumbents
Monarch – Charles II
Events
January–March – England has its coldest winter in living memory; the River Thames and the sea as far as 2 miles out from land freezes over. The Chipperfield's Circus dynasty begins when James Chipperfield introduces performing animals to England at the Frost Fair on the Thames in London.
5 January – Charles II gives the title Duke of St Albans to Charles Beauclerk, their illegitimate son by Nell Gwyn.
15 March – highwayman John Nevison hanged in York for murder.
10 May – Titus Oates arrested for perjury.
31 July – the village of Churchill, Oxfordshire, is largely destroyed by fire.
10 December – Isaac Newton's derivation of Kepler's laws from their theory of gravity, contained in the paper De motu corporum in gyrum, is read to the Royal Society by Edmund Halley.
Undated
The East India Company receives Chinese permission to build a trading station at Canton.
Robert Hooke invents the semaphore line.
John Bunyan writes the second part of The Pilgrim's Progress
Births
4 January
Henry Coote, 5th Earl of Mountrath, politician (died 1720)
Henry Grove, nonconformist minister (died 1738)
19 February – George Duckett, Member of Parliament (died 1732)
21 March – Oley Douglas, Member of Parliament (died 1719)
22 March – William Pulteney, 1st Earl of Bath, noble (died 1764)
2 April – Henry Somerset, 2nd Duke of Beaufort, noble (died 1714)
6 June – Nathaniel Lardner, theologian (died 1768)
24 August – Sir Robert Munro, 6th Baronet, politician (died 1746)
17 September – Henry Cantrell, Anglican clergyman, writer (died 1773)
2 October – Thomas Seaton, religious writer (died 1741)
16 October – Peter Walkden, Presbyterian minister and diarist (died 1769)
11 November – Algernon Seymour, 7th Duke of Somerset, noble (died 1750)
12 November – Edward Vernon, admiral (died 1757)
16 November – Allen Bathurst, 1st Earl Bathurst, politician (died 1775)
15 December – James Jurin, scientist and physician (died 1750)
16 December – Samuel Clark of St Albans, theologian (died 1750)
31 December – William Grimston, 1st Viscount Grimston, landowner and Member of Parliament (died 1756)
Deaths
13 January – Henry Howard, 6th Duke of Norfolk, noble (born 1628)
5 February – Dorothy Spencer, Countess of Sunderland (born 1617)
11 February – Sir Thomas Peyton, 2nd Baronet, politician (born 1613)
24 March – Elizabeth Ridgeway, poisoner (burned at the stake)
28 March (bur.) – John Lambert, Parliamentarian general (born 1619)
1 April – Roger Williams, theologian and colonist (born 1603)
5 April – Lord William Brouncker, mathematician (born 1602)
30 April – James Holloway, merchant and conspirator (hanged)
4 May – John Nevison, highwayman (born 1639; hanged)
10 May – Anne Carr, Countess of Bedford, noble (born 1615)
20 June – Sir Thomas Armstrong, politician (born c. 1633; hanged)
6 July – Peter Gunning, royalist churchman (born 1614)
28 July – Charlotte Paston, Countess of Yarmouth, noblewoman, illegitimate daughter of Charles II (born c. 1650)
8 August – George Booth, 1st Baron Delamer (born 1622)
October – Dud Dudley, ironmaster (born 1600?)
12 October – William Croone, physician, an original Fellow of the Royal Society (born 1633)
23 November – William Cavendish, 3rd Earl of Devonshire, noble (born 1617)
10 December – Sir Thomas Sclater, 1st Baronet, politician (born 1615)
22 December – Francis Hawley, 1st Baron Hawley, politician (born 1608)
References
Years of the 17th century in England
Agrostistachys is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1850. It is native to Southeast Asia, New Guinea, India, and Sri Lanka.
Species
Agrostistachys borneensis Becc. - India, Sri Lanka, Thailand, Vietnam, Malaysia, Borneo, Philippines, Sumatra, New Guinea
Agrostistachys gaudichaudii Müll.Arg. - Thailand, Peninsular Malaysia
Agrostistachys hookeri (Thwaites) Benth. & Hook.f. - Sri Lanka
Agrostistachys indica Dalzell - India, Sri Lanka, Thailand, Vietnam, Myanmar, Laos, Cambodia, Malaysia, Borneo, Philippines, New Guinea
Agrostistachys sessilifolia (Kurz) Pax & K.Hoffm. - Peninsular Malaysia, Borneo, Sumatra
Agrostistachys staminodiata Sevilla - Sumatra
formerly included
moved to other genera (Pseudagrostistachys Tannodia Wetria )
References
Agrostistachydeae
Euphorbiaceae genera
Taxa named by Nicol Alexander Dalzell
Michael Cho is a Canadian illustrator and cartoonist. They have been nominated for a number of awards and had their work positively reviewed.
Early life
Cho was born in South Korea but immigrated to Canada at the age of 6. They have said "In some ways I learned to read English by reading comic books. And of course, I copied all the drawings."
Career
Cho's artwork appears in a number of different genres. They have painted book covers for Random House/Knopf and Penguin Books. Their cover for White Noise has been called a "remarkable" design that "masterfully captures" aspects of the novel.  They are the creator of the webcomic Papercut, has done illustrations for The New York Times Book Review, and has created comics work for Taddle Creek literary magazine.
Their work retains classic comic book aspects and "evokes the pop art of Roy Lichtenstein and aesthetics of Silver and Bronze age superhero comics in equal measure." They have provided cover art for several DC Comics reprint collections and drew the 1940s variant cover for Action Comics #1000 (June 2018).
On September 2, 2014, Cho published their first graphic novel, Shoplifter. Each illustration is done in two-colors. They state that they like two-tone work because it allows them to focus on the mood and atmosphere. To paint the tones, they used colored inks, and the rest was done with brushes, pens, and brush pens.
Joe Biden's presidential campaign commissioned Michael Cho to design three comic images. The images were posted on their social medias.
Awards and nominations
Silver Medal for "Stars" at the 2007 National Magazine Awards
Honourable Mention for "Night Time" in the Words and Pictures category of the 2004 National Magazine Awards
Papercut was nominated for a Joe Shuster Award in the webcomics category.
A story included in The Best American Comics 2010
Won a Joe Shuster Award in the cover artist category
References
External links
Michael Cho at Mike's Amazing World of Comics
Michael Cho at the Unofficial Handbook of Marvel Comics Creators
Michael Cho Represented by Gerald and Cullen Rapp
Canadian comics artists
Canadian graphic designers
Canadian illustrators
Canadian people of Korean descent
Joe Shuster Award winners
Living people
South Korean emigrants to Canada
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Tubuai rail (Gallirallus steadmani) is an extinct species of flightless bird in the Rallidae, or rail family.
History
It was described from subfossil remains found in 2007 by Robert Bollt at the Atiahara archaeological site, on the island of Tubuai in the Austral Islands of French Polynesia. The site dates to the 13th and 14th centuries CE, from the early period of human habitation of the island.
Etymology
The species was named after David Steadman in recognition of their contributions to Pacific paleo-ornithology and the understanding of the radiation of Gallirallus-like rails.
References
Tubuai rail
†
Late Quaternary prehistoric birds
Extinct flightless birds
Extinct birds of Oceania
Holocene extinctions
Fossil taxa described in 2011
Tubuai rail
Brighton International University - School of Medicine is an institution with final authorization delivered by the Ministry of Education of the Republic of Senegal. BIU is the first University and the first School of Medicine to operate south of the capital of the country, Dakar, in the region of Casamance. There is at least an administrative office in Boca Raton, Florida (United States of America).
It offers the courses: Doctor of Medicine, M.D. (Six Years + Theses), Bachelor of Medicine, Bachelor of Surgery, M.B.B.S., Doctor of Dental Medicine, D.M.D. (Four Years), Doctor of Veterinary Medicine, D.V.M. (Five Years), Bachelor of Science in Nursing, B.S.N. (High-school diploma + Four Years) and Bachelor of Biomedical Sciences, B.Sc. (Four Years).
External links
Brighton International University, Official Website
Universities in Senegal
Howard Hoffman (born October 6, 1954) is an American voice actor and a broadcast branding producer in New York, NY. They also operate the internet radio station Great Big Radio. They were also a presenter of Contemporary Hit Radio shows in New York City, Chicago, San Francisco, Providence, Phoenix and Houston.
Hoffman is currently the Creative Services/Production Director of WOR (AM)/iHeartMedia New York.
Early career
Howard's first radio job came in 1971 during their senior year in Suffern High School. An English Teacher (and faculty adviser of the school radio station WSHS), Hank Gross, was working at WTBQ Radio in Warwick, NY on weekends and brought in Howard to do odd jobs like news gathering, music filing and an occasional newscast. The station hired them full-time shortly thereafter and they did the 2pm-to-signoff shift. While finishing their final year in high school, Howard also took on the role of music director, and the station made a transition from a "beautiful music" format to a more adult contemporary sound.
After a brief stint in Spring Valley, NY, Howard landed their first Top 40 job doing evenings on WALL in Middletown, NY in 1973. It was here where Howard found their voice, relying heavily on listener phone participation. What set the show apart was the inclusion of local and national pop culture topics as well as humorously touching on the news as part of the show's fabric, along with the hits and oldies. Hoffman said, "… that's where I first started doing stuff like putting callers on the air, clowning around with them, hanging up on them … and they loved it." Howard also included pre-recorded parodies and sketches which were a coveted talent that set apart the top DJ entertainers. This did not go unnoticed, and in 1974, they were hired at WDRQ in Detroit for their production and on-air skills.
New York City and Beyond
In 1975, Howard was picked up by WPIX-FM in New York City – originally as a fill-in host before taking the reins as WPIX's permanent evening host on the station's "Disco 102." After initial success, the disco craze eventually fizzled, so Howard set their sights on an area they always loved, New England.
This drew them to WPRO-FM in Providence, RI which gave them free rein to do an evening show with even more irreverent humor and poking fun at the music they had to play. This sparked some hilarious conversations with listeners who gleefully took on Howard – either in agreement or rage. A highlight of Hoffman's tenure happened on February 5, 1978 during the Northeastern United States blizzard of 1978. They and several other WPRO AM and FM staffers were stranded at the radio station for three days. With the FM off the air and its transmitter unreachable, WPRO's AM and FM staff double-teamed on the AM and brought non-stop news and information to the area. Howard calls this their "first true radio moment" – in how the medium can be a galvanizing force in bringing a community together in an emergency.
WABC
In 1979, Rick Sklar, vice president in charge of programming for ABC Radio, sought out and hired Howard to take over the evening show at their Houston FM station, KAUM. The station had just switched formats to CHR (contemporary hit radio – the new moniker for "Top 40") and despite their New York upbringing, Howard was a hit at KAUM, bringing the station to within striking distance of the long-established CHR leader, KRBE.
In late 1979, Howard got what everyone in the radio business refers to as "THE call" when WABC, New York, program director Al Brady Law offered them the coveted evening slot as part of a major restructuring of WABC's lineup. As it turned out, it was while Howard was in Providence that Law listened to their show while Law was programming WHDH in Boston. Howard jumped at the chance and became one of the last on-air hires of WABC's MusicRadio era.
To accommodate their phone-intensive act, WABC installed an extra mixing board and a telephone hybrid system – something the station never used previously. Ten minutes into their very first night, they showed their self-deprecating side when they said "hello" to their parents listening in Suffern – then said, "Who am I kidding? They tuned out of this mess five minutes ago."
Howard's high-energy delivery was a shock for many WABC listeners who were accustomed to the station's more "adult" approach. Critics weren't kind to this sudden shift and wondered what WABC was thinking. However, everyone involved was aware that FM was beginning to dominate the radio landscape, and Howard's arrival was designed to be part of a game-changer for the station. Long time afternoon fixture Dan Ingram was moved to mornings, Ingram sound-alike Bob Cruz was placed in afternoons and Sturgis Griffin was brought in for overnights.
Hoffman's tenure at WABC was marked by two diverse events. First was their now notorious 1979 New Year's Eve show, just two weeks into their job. It was a huge in-studio party with WABC and WPLJ engineers, staffers and announcers while Hoffman counted down the top 100 of the year. That show continued almost two hours into 1980 before they finally reached number one. The second was the night of the killing of John Lennon, shortly after Howard took the helm of the overnight show. WABC became a mix of all-news and all-Beatles throughout that night with Hoffman anchoring the event.
Despite an improvement in listenership, the handwriting was on the wall for AM's future, and WABC began the switch to talk in 1981 with the addition of the New York Yankees, which moved Howard to the all-night shift. Howard made an attempt to do an all-night talk show called The Phonebooth which was produced and co-written by their friend Tom Leykis. The show went unnoticed by WABC management, however, and Howard exited the station when they were replaced by WABC's first full-time talk show, Dr. Judith Kuriansky.
The 80s
Howard left New York to host their first morning show at KOPA in Phoenix, then moved to San Francisco in 1984 to help launch KMEL's new CHR format as their afternoon drive host. Their three years at KMEL had several high points, including an appearance on NBC's Miami Vice, a charity auction of Madonna's "Like A Virgin" wedding dress, a stint as a WWE wrestling manager and an ongoing war with fans of Duran Duran (which was ended by a surprise in-studio visit by the group).
Following a short morning stint at KKFR in Phoenix, Howard returned to New York to co-host the "Howard and Stephanie" morning show on dance-oriented CHR Hot 97 (WQHT). They and Stephanie Miller occupied that slot for the better part of four years before the station went toward a more hardcore hip-hop format. During this time, they landed in the "Top 40 DJs of All Time" list compiled by Decalcomania.
Voiceover and production careers
Howard went back to San Francisco to sell the property they bought during their KMEL era and did a short stint at KFRC. It was there where they signed with Look Talent and began pursuing their voiceover career. Leykis then let them know that KABC/KMPC in Los Angeles needed a production director (KMPC carried Leykis' syndicated show at the time). The program director was none other than Al Brady Law who hired Howard at WABC. Law was convinced that Howard would not stand for a behind-the-scenes job for more than three months, but they reached a deal nonetheless in 1994. Howard's tenure at KABC would last years. Among the awards for creative radio promotions they received were two first place RAP awards in 2008 for two parody spots: "Obama/McCain Season" in which Hoffman did the voices of Bugs Bunny and Daffy Duck for the 2008 presidential campaign; and "KABC vs TV", a sendup of Apple's "Mac vs PC" spots. They won the same award again in 2016 for a campaign for KXL in Portland, "We Will Inform You," a reboot of Queen's "We Will Rock You."
Their voice acting credits include all the characters in the Academy Award nominated animated short The Chicken from Outer Space – the pilot for Courage the Cowardly Dog. They also worked on the series Jackie Chan Adventures and on several projects for Warner Bros. and Toon Disney. Their commercial credits include REI, Hostess, Kraft, the Los Angeles Dodgers, Ford, Anheuser-Busch, Audi, Post Cereals, Wawa Markets, Mattel, NBC, T-Mobile and many more.  They are signed with DPN Talent of Beverly Hills for their voice acting.
On July 15, 2019, Hoffman was named Creative Services/Production Director of WOR (AM)/iHeartMedia New York.
External links
Howard Hoffman website
Great Big Radio
Howard Hoffman at Uncle Ricky's ReelRadio
Audio Of Howard Hoffman At KMEL
Video Of Howard Hoffman At KMEL
An Interview With Howard Hoffman About Their Time At KMEL
References
1954 births
Living people
American male voice actors
American radio producers
American Internet celebrities
People from Suffern, New York
Male actors from Los Angeles
Mount Defiant is an elevation glaciated summit located northwest of Valdez in the Chugach Mountains of the U.S. state of Alaska. This remote mountain is situated east-northeast of Columbia Peak, south of Mount Einstein, near the head of Columbia Glacier's Second Branch, on land managed by Chugach National Forest. Mount Defiant was named in 1957 by members of the Chugach Mountains Expedition which was sponsored by the Arctic Institute of North America, because the rugged ice-covered peak defied all their attempts to find a route to the summit. The mountain's name was officially adopted in 1965 by the U.S. Board on Geographic Names.
Climate
Based on the Köppen climate classification, Mount Defiant is located in a subarctic climate zone with long, cold, snowy winters, and mild summers. Weather systems coming off the Gulf of Alaska are forced upwards by the Chugach Mountains (orographic lift), causing heavy precipitation in the form of rainfall and snowfall. Temperatures can drop below −20 °C with wind chill factors below −30 °C. This climate supports hanging glaciers on the slopes and the immense Columbia Glacier surrounding this mountain. The months May through June offer the most favorable weather for climbing or viewing.
See also
List of mountain peaks of Alaska
Geography of Alaska
References
Gallery
External links
Weather: Mount Defiant
Defiant
Defiant
Defiant
"Everything Is Never Enough" is a song performed by English group Goldfrapp, taken from their seventh studio album, Silver Eye (2017). It was released as the album's third single on 22 September 2017 by Mute Records. The song was written and produced by Alison Goldfrapp and William Owen Gregory, with additional production coming from Andy Savours. The song's lyrics encourage the listener to live in the present instead of the future. Critics drew comparisons between "Everything Is Never Enough" and Goldfrapp's prior work on their album Head First (2010).
An accompanying music video for "Everything Is Never Enough" was released on 7 September 2017 and features lead singer Alison Goldfrapp and a nude male dancer performing in a desert setting. It serves as a continuation to the ones for prior singles "Anymore" and "Systemagic".
Background and release
The radio edit (also known as the "video mix") of "Everything Is Never Enough" was released digitally as third single from Silver Eye on 22 September 2017. It was written and produced by members Alison Goldfrapp and William Owen Gregory with Andy Savours serving as an additional producer.
A remix of "Everything Is Never Enough" produced by German DJ Chris Liebing was distributed to digital retailers on 6 October 2017 and titled "Chris Liebing Burn Slow Remix".
Composition and lyrics
"Everything Is Never Enough" has a duration of five minutes and six seconds, whereas the radio edit runs for three minutes and fifty seconds. Sean T. Collins from Pitchfork compared the single to the songs on Goldfrapp's fifth studio album, Head First (2010). Additionally, they claimed that songs like "Everything Is Never Enough" add individuality to the album as they "avoid the genre-pastiche of their counterparts" on Silver Eye.
The lyrics of "Everything Is Never Enough" describe living in the present instead of waiting for the future; Goldfrapp sings "Living like there's no tomorrow / We are here in the future past".
Critical reception
A group of critics from PopMatters reviewed the recording in their "Singles Going Steady" column, with the site's consensus reading: "Goldfrapp expertly balances crisp sound quality and computer-softened vocals for a dreamy club feel and that makes the wasteland seem like a happening place." Ian Rushbury from the publication called the song "lovely" while Adriana Pontecorvo appreciated the "incredibly catchy dance beat". Chris Gerard, also from PopMatters, stated that the single "takes us back to more traditional Goldfrapp territory" and is an obvious candidate to be released as a commercial single.
Music video
A music video for "Everything Is Never Enough" was released on 7 September 2017. Stylistically, it serves as a continuation to the music videos for "Anymore" and "Systemagic", the first two singles from Silver Eye. Tristan Kneschke from PopMatters compared to scenery in the music video to the one for Gary Numan's 2017 single "My Name Is Ruin".
Track listing and formats
References
External links
2017 songs
Songs written by Alison Goldfrapp
Songs written by Will Gregory
Goldfrapp songs
Rhytipterna is a genus of bird in the tyrant flycatcher family Tyrannidae. They share the common name "mourner" with several species in the family Tityridae.
The genus contains three species:
References
Tyrannidae
Bird genera
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxa named by Ludwig Reichenbach
Mount Little is located at the Northern end of Kootenay National Park on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1916 after George F. Little, a member of the first ascent party.
See also
List of peaks on the British Columbia–Alberta border
References
Further reading
Dave Birrell, 50 Roadside Panoramas in the Canadian Rockies, P 87
Three-thousanders of Alberta
Three-thousanders of British Columbia
Mountains of Banff National Park
Kootenay National Park
Canadian Rockies
William Kennon Jr. (June 12, 1802October 19, 1867) was a lawyer, judge, and a U.S. Representative from Ohio. They served for one term from 1847 to 1849.
Early life
Born in Carrickfergus, County Antrim on the island of Ireland (the entirety of which was then part of the U.K.), Kennon, known locally as 'Kenno', immigrated to the United States in 1816 with their parents, who settled near Barnesville, Ohio. They were a first cousin of fellow U.S. Representative William Kennon Sr.
They attended the common schools and graduated from Franklin College, New Athens, Ohio, in 1826. Kennon studied law and was admitted to the bar in 1830.
Career
They commenced practice in St. Clairsville, Ohio, and served as the prosecuting attorney of Belmont County from 1837-41.
Kennon was elected as a Democrat to the Thirtieth Congress from March 4, 1847, until March 3, 1849. They were not a candidate for renomination, and instead resumed the practice of law. They served as judge of the court of common pleas of the fifteenth judicial district from 1865 to July 1, 1867, when they resigned.
Personal life
Kennon was married to Elizabeth Kirkwood (1818–1899), daughter of Joseph Kirkwood and granddaughter of Revolutionary War hero Robert Kirkwood. Together, they were the parents of:
Margaret A. Kennon (1852–1922), who married Allen C. Miller (1848–1892) in 1870.
Newell Kirkwood Kennon (1855–1937), an attorney.
Albert Wilson Kennon (1861–1949), an 1886 graduate of the Cincinnati Law School who married Ida Belle Updegraff (1868–1941), of Wheeling, West Virginia, in 1904.
They died in St. Clairsville on October 19, 1867, and was interred in Union Cemetery.
Sources
External links
1802 births
1867 deaths
People from Carrickfergus
People from St. Clairsville, Ohio
Ohio lawyers
Irish emigrants to the United States (before 1923)
Franklin College (New Athens, Ohio)
County district attorneys in Ohio
Kennon family (Ohio)
19th-century American politicians
People from Barnesville, Ohio
19th-century American lawyers
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Robert Birrell (6 October 1890 – 23 January 1956) was a Scottish professional footballer who played in the Scottish League for Heart of Midlothian, Cowdenbeath and St Mirren as a full back. They represented the Scottish League XI and was later one of the founders of Crossgates Primrose.
Personal life
Birrell's younger brother Billy also became a footballer.
Career statistics
Honours
Cowdenbeath
Scottish League Division Two (2): 1913–14, 1914–15
Eastern League (2): 1916–17, 1917–18
Heart of Midlothian
East of Scotland Shield (1): 1920–21
Wilson Cup (2): 1918–19, 1919–20
Rosebery Charity Cup (2): 1918–19, 1920–21
Individual
Cowdenbeath Hall of Fame
References
1890 births
Scottish footballers
1956 deaths
Association football fullbacks
Footballers from Fife
Cowdenbeath F.C. players
Heart of Midlothian F.C. players
St Mirren F.C. players
Scottish Football League players
Scottish Football League representative players
Cañón del Pato (Spanish: Duck Canyon) is on the Rio Santa (Santa River) at the north end of the Callejón de Huaylas (Corridor of Huaylas) in north-central Peru. The mostly rocky canyon walls are too steep and arid for cultivation, and in only a few places are the slopes of the imposingly rugged canyon suitable even for grazing domestic animals. The canyon was formed by the river where the north end of the Cordillera Negra range (to the west) converges with the Cordillera Blanca mountain range (to the east). These two Andean ridges run generally parallel for nearly 140 km from south of the city of Huaraz northward to the Cañón; the Cordillera Blanca continues northward for another hundred kilometers or more. The Callejón de Huaylas is the valley between the two cordilleras averaging about 16 km (measured on a map from the crests of the two ridges) in width but in places as much as 25 km in width.
The main south–north highway through the Callejón de Huaylas existed as a narrow dirt track prior to construction of the highway through the Cañón. Construction of the highway's northward extension began in 1952 at the town of Caraz, about 30 km south of the Cañón. The highway penetrates and traverses the Cordillera Negra. Eventually it descends westward and continues to the Pacific Ocean port city of Chimbote and northward to the city of Trujillo, providing motor vehicle access to the Pacific coast from the Callejón. A typical highway journey from Caraz to the Cañón is about 4hrs round trip. The highway from Caraz to Trujillo covers a distance of 184 km. From Caraz the highway is in the Callejón valley until it crosses a concrete bridge to the west side of the river. Here the highway leaves the valley floor, veers northwest onto the eastern face of the Cordillera Negra, and eventually pierces through to the western face of the mountain. The highway along this entire route is unpaved and has 35 one-lane tunnels before it emerges onto the western face of the Cordillera Negra high above the town of Huallanca. The river from this same bridge goes generally northward through the Cañón itself and eventually its water powers the turbines of the hydro electricity plant at Huallanca.
At approximately the same latitude as that of highway tunnel 18 the nearby (eastward) river's natural banks are as close as 6m apart; the crests of the two cordilleras loom above, at places as high as 6000m above sea level. A short distance north (downstream) of this constriction in the Cañón is a diversion dam that deflects measured amounts of the river's water into a human-made tunnel. From the diversion dam to the Huallanca powerplant the tunnel is about 11 km long. It descends in altitude from the diversion dam to a place about 103m directly above this hydroelectric facility. Diameter of the tunnel was established to accommodate small dump-trucks that removed rock and debris during construction. At the tunnel's north end the water plunges down into one or both turbines a hundred meters below. The powerplant is entirely within a huge manmade cavity a hundred meters inside the rock of the mountain on the east edge of Huallanca. From Huallanca the river flows westward and furnishes water for irrigation of large banana plantations in the arid coastal plain; just north of Chimbote the river empties into the Pacific Ocean.
The earthquake of 1970 caused so much damage to the railroad bed, that this railway connecting Huallanca and Chimbote was abandoned and has not been in use since.
Canyons and gorges of Peru
Landforms of Ancash Region
Carterton Football Club is a football club based in Carterton, Oxfordshire, England. They are currently members of the and play at Kilkenny Lane.
History
The club was founded in 1918, and initially played in the Witney & District League. They won the Premier Division title in 1960–61 and 1965–66. In 1976–77 the club were Division One champions. In 1982 the club was taken over by the Carterton Boys club and was renamed Carterton Town. After winning the Division One title again in 1984–85, they won the Oxfordshire Junior Cup in 1985–86. The club then moved up to Division One of the Hellenic League. After winning Division One in 1989–90 the club were promoted to the Premier Division.
Carterton were relegated back to Division One at the end of the 1991–92 season, but won the division again in 1993–94 to return to the Premier Division. In 1998–99 they finished as Premier Division runners-up, and went on to win the league's Supplementary Cup in 1999–2000 and the Challenge Cup in 2000–01. In 2005 the club reverted to the name Carterton Football Club. They remained in the Premier Division until being relegated to Division One West at the end of the 2010–11 season. Although they won Division One West in 2015–16 and were promoted to the Premier Division, the club withdrew from the league in September 2016 after their manager resigned and several players left. They returned to Division Two West of the league the following season.
After a fourth-place finish in Division Two West in 2017–18, Carterton moved up to Division One West. However, they resigned from the league after three matches the following season. The club was subsequently placed in the Premier Division of the Witney & District League for the 2019–20 season.
Ground
The club originally played at Alvescot Road Recreation Ground. During the 1984–85 season they moved to Kilkenny Lane, which was officially opened by Lou Macari and Jim Smith in March 1985.
Honours
Hellenic League
Division One champions 1989–90, 1993–94
Division One West champions 2015–16
Challenge Cup winners 2000–01
Supplementary Cup winners 1999–2000
Witney & District League
Premier Division champions 1960–61, 1965–66
Division One champions 1976–77, 1984–85
George Dingle Memorial Cup winners 1966–67, 1967–68, 1976–77, 1982–83, 1984–85
Oxfordshire Junior Shield
Winners 1985–86
Records
Best FA Cup performance: Second qualifying round, 2000–01
Best FA Vase performance: Third round, 2000–01
Most goals: Phil Rodney
Record attendance: 650 vs Swindon Town, friendly match, July 2001
See also
Carterton F.C. players
Carterton F.C. managers
References
External links
Official website
Football clubs in England
Football clubs in Oxfordshire
Association football clubs established in 1918
1918 establishments in England
Witney and District League
Hellenic Football League
Joshua "Josh" O'Hanlon (born 25 September 1995) is an Irish former professional footballer who plays as a striker for Dandenong Thunder SC. They previously played for Longford Town (two spells), Bournemouth, Oxford City, Poole Town, York City, Chester, Newport County and St Patrick's Athletic.
Career
Born in Dublin, County Dublin, O'Hanlon played with St Kevin's Boys before joining Longford Town in February 2013. They scored on their first-team debut as a substitute in their 5–0 away win over Salthill Devon in the League of Ireland First Division on 8 March 2013. They finished the 2013 season with 8 goals from 26 appearances, as Longford lost the promotion play-offs to Bray Wanderers. They signed for English Championship club Bournemouth on 29 January 2014 on a three-and-a-half-year contract for a fee of around £50,000.
O'Hanlon joined Conference North club Oxford City on loan for the rest of the 2013–14 season on 25 March 2014. Making their debut a 4–0 away defeat to Leamington later that day, they completed their spell at Oxford City with four appearances.
O'Hanlon joined Southern League Premier Division team Poole Town on an initial one-month loan in July 2014. They made 12 appearances and scored seven goals for Poole before returning to Bournemouth with a knee injury in October 2014. O'Hanlon signed for League Two club York Cities on loan until the end of 2014–15 on 26 March 2015. They made their debut two days later as a 73rd-minute substitute for Jake Hyde in a 4–1 away win over Mansfield Town. They went on to make three appearances for York.
O'Hanlon joined National League club Chester on a one-month loan on 1 September 2015. The loan was cut short on 16 September 2015, as they struggled to break into the team.
On 8 January 2016, O'Hanlon re-joined League of Ireland Premier Division club Longford Town on loan for the first half of the 2016 season. They returned to their parent club having scored twice in their 17 appearances with Longford. They were released by Bournemouth at the end of 2015–16.
O'Hanlon joined League Two club Newport Counties on 8 November 2016 on a short-term contract, making their debut the same day after starting in a 2–0 home victory over AFC Wimbledon in the EFL Trophy. They were released by Newport on 9 January 2017, having failed to score in 10 appearances.
O'Hanlon was on trial at League of Ireland Premier Division club St Patrick's Athletic from their native Dublin in January 2017, appearing in friendlies. O'Hanlon signed a contract with the Saints on 21 February 2017, 3 days before the first game of the season at home to Bray Wanderers.
Despite scoring just 2 goals in 26 games for St Patrick's Athletic, O'Hanlon earned a move to champions Cork City on 10 November 2017 ahead of be 2018 season.
Career statistics
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Association footballers from Dublin (city)
Republic of Ireland association footballers
Association football forwards
Longford Town F.C. players
St Patrick's Athletic F.C. players
Cork City F.C. players
AFC Bournemouth players
Oxford City F.C. players
Poole Town F.C. players
York City F.C. players
Chester F.C. players
Newport County A.F.C. players
League of Ireland players
National League (English football) players
Southern Football League players
English Football League players
Live at Donington is the DVD recording of the Australian rock band AC/DC‘s show at Donington Park on 17 August 1991, directed by David Mallet; it was the band's third Monsters of Rock festival. The two-hour show was performed before 72,500 spectators and included real cannons, the Hells Bell, an inflatable Rosie and two inflatable Anguses: one to the right of the stage, and one in the back of the stage during Hell Ain't a Bad Place to Be. It was filmed in 35 mm Panavision and had 26 cameras that included one situated inside a helicopter. The DVD includes special features such as stereo and 5.1 surround sound, Iso-cam versions of certain songs for different band members, and audio commentary from Angus and Malcolm Young.
Another option allows the viewer to focus on just one member for the length of a song. This option is available for Angus Young on "Thunderstruck", "Back in Black", and "Highway to Hell". The option is offered for Malcolm Young on "T.N.T.", Brian Johnson on "Whole Lotta Rosie" and Cliff Williams on "Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap". For unknown reasons, this option was not available for Chris Slade. One other feature is a full catalogue discography with audio interview of all international albums.
Despite the commercial success of the DVD, many hardcore fans were disappointed that the audio was fixed, with many differences than the original video, though the DVD officially released in Brazil still has original audio. Tracks from Live at Donington on AC/DC Live have the original audio.
The audio was used for the Harmonix game AC/DC Live: Rock Band Track Pack.
Set list
"Thunderstruck"
"Shoot to Thrill"
"Back in Black"
"Hell Ain't a Bad Place to Be"
"Heatseeker"
"Fire Your Guns"
"Jailbreak"
"The Jack"
"Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap"
"Moneytalks"
"Hells Bells"
"High Voltage"
"Whole Lotta Rosie"
"You Shook Me All Night Long"
"T.N.T."
"Let There Be Rock"
"Highway to Hell"
"For Those About to Rock (We Salute You)"
Personnel
Brian Johnson - lead vocals
Angus Young - lead guitar, backing vocals on "Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap" and "T.N.T."
Malcolm Young - rhythm guitar, backing vocals
Cliff Williams - bass guitar, backing vocals
Chris Slade - drums, percussion
Other releases
Blu-ray
This concert was released for the first time in high-definition on Blu-ray Disc by Sony BMG on October 16, 2007. The video is in 1080p, and is a brand new 35 mm film transfer that includes a PCM 5.1 (48 kHz, 24 bit) soundtrack.
Rock Band
The concert has been released in the form of playable songs for the music video game series Rock Band under the name of AC/DC Live: Rock Band Track Pack.
The Track Pack was released on November 2, 2008. In line with other AC/DC promotions, the track pack was only available through Wal-Mart and Sam's Club in the United States.
Certifications
References
AC/DC live albums
AC/DC video albums
1991 video albums
1991 live albums
Live video albums
Films directed by David Mallet (director)
Cynthia Rylant (born June 6, 1954) is an American author and librarian. They have written more than 100 children's books, including works of fiction (picture books, short stories and novels), nonfiction, and poetry. Several of their books have won awards, including their novel Missing May, which won the 1993 Newbery Medal, and A Fine White Dust, which was a 1987 Newbery Honor book. Two of their books are Caldecott Honor Books.
Early life
Rylant was born in Hopewell, West Virginia, the daughter of a U.S. Army veteran, John Tune Smith, and Leatrel Smith née Rylant. Rylant uses their mother's maiden name as their pen name.<ref>Smucker, Anna Egan. "Cynthia Rylant", West Virgin June 2013</ref> They spent their first four years in Illinois. Them parents separated when they were four years old, and they were sent to live with their mother's parents in Cool Ridge, West Virginia, while their mother attended nursing school and was able to visit them only a few times a year.Antonucci, Ron. "A Talk with 1993 Newbery Medallist Cynthia Rylant", School Library Journal, May 1993, p. 26 Growing up in the Appalachian region of the U.S. during the 1960s, Rylant lived in a very depressed economic environment. Them grandparents, extended family and kind local townspeople provided a nurturing, safe environment, while the little girl "waited ... until someone could return for me", but they were very poor and lived a rustic life, with no electricity, running water or automobiles. As a result, they never saw children's books as a child, reading mainly comic books and enjoying the outdoors.
Four years later, they moved back with their mother, who had relocated to nearby Beaver, West Virginia. There had been no libraries or bookstores in Cool Ridge, and there were none in Beaver. Rylant never saw their father again, and they died when they were thirteen years old in 1967. They later wrote, "I did not have a chance to know them or to say goodbye to him, and that is all the loss I needed to become a writer." When they were nine years old, Rylant fell in love with Paul McCartney and The Beatles. However, their West Virginia childhood was the major influence on their works, and many of them deal with life in the Appalachian region."Cynthia Rylant" , Greater Dayton Public Television, 2004, accessed 11 February 2013 As a teenager, Rylant became enchanted with Robert F. Kennedy, whom they met during their presidential campaign. They were deeply affected by their assassination. Also important to their emotional development was their relationship with a boy from school.
Rylant earned a B.A. degree from Morris Harvey College (now the University of Charleston) in 1975 and a M.A. degree from Marshall University in 1976, discovering and studying English literature and greatly enjoying their years in school. In 1977, they married Kevin Dolin. Unable to find a job in their field after completing college, they first worked as a waiter and later as a librarian at the Cabell County Public Library in Huntington, West Virginia, where they finally became acquainted with children's books. They taught English part-time at Marshall University in 1979 and wrote their first book, When I Was Young in the Mountains, based on their experiences as a young child living in the country with their grandparents. The picture book, which Rylant later said took them an hour to complete, earned an American Book Award in 1982 and was a Caldecott Honor Book. Them marriage with Dolin ended in 1980, and they earned a Master's degree in Library Science from Kent State University in 1981. They lived in Kent, Ohio, for many years, working as a librarian at the Cincinnati Public Library. They later moved to Akron, Ohio, and worked at the Akron Public Library while teaching English part-time at the University of Akron. During the early 1980s, they were married briefly to a professor at the University of Akron.
Career and later years
Rylant followed their inaugural effort with six more picture books based on their childhood experiences. Them 1983 book, Miss Maggie, deals with themes of aging. Them first poetry collection, Waiting to Waltz: A Childhood (1984), was also autobiographical, based on both happy and sad events or on people they knew, drawing universal emotions from the incisive portraits. Rylant became interested in writing poetry when they read some poetry in college by David Huddle. They said of their Paper Boy, that the strong characters were "People whose lives are hard but are proud of who and what they are." In 1985, Rylant decided to write full-time. Them first novel, A Blue-eyed Daisy (1985), describes a year in the life of a young girl, including such events as their first kiss and the funeral of a classmate, and their relationship with their father, who, like Rylant's real-life grandfather, is injured in an accident and loses their job. Them 1986 book, The Relatives Came, describes how they slept on the floor when company visited. The same year, they published one of their most well-received books, A Fine White Dust. This young adult novel portrays a boy who becomes a disciple to a charismatic preacher, leaving their parents and friends. When the preacher runs off with a young woman, the boy, despite their feelings of betrayal, strengthens their faith in God and discovers a more realistic view of human nature. The book was named a Newbery Honor book.
In 1987, Rylant published the first of their popular Henry and Mudge series books, Henry and Mudge: The First Book. In this book for beginning readers, Henry, an only child, forms a deep attachment with a puppy who grows to be an enormous drooling dog, Mudge. When Mudge is lost, Henry is despondent, and when they are recovered, the two are overjoyed. Since then, they have published dozens more Henry and Mudge books, as well as picture books, books for older readers, including young adult novels and story collections, and collections of poetry. Them critically praised 2004 picture book, Long Night Moon, describes the different moons that Native American cultures use to mark the changing seasons. 1995's The Van Gogh Cafe is one of the author's favorites. I books often deal with the joys and hardships of family life, with animals and the outdoors, especially in the Appalachian region, and their characters are often loners or people facing hardships. Them 1991 non-fiction picture book for older readers, Appalachia; The Voices of Sleeping Birds, is a vivid picture of life in Appalachia and the warmth of its people.
Rylant's 1992 young adult novel, Missing May, is a touching story about a girl who lives with relatives after the death of their mother and who must comfort their uncle after the death of their beloved wife. Beginning in the early 1990s, Rylant has published several series designed for younger readers, including the Lighthouse Family, High-rise Private Eyes, and Everyday Books series, the last of which is a series for very young children that they illustrated herself. They also illustrated several of their other books, including the playful Dog Heaven (1995), about an ideal dog afterlife. Other poetry collections have been God Went to Beauty School (2003) and Boris (2005).
Personal life
For a period they were in a romantic relationship with Dav Pilkey, author of Captain Underpants. In 1993, Rylant relocated to Eugene, Oregon, with their son from their first marriage. In 2003, they moved to Portland, Oregon.
Honors
Rylant has received a number of awards and honors for their work. A Fine White Dust (1987) won a Newbery Honor, and Missing May (1993) won a Newbery Medal. When I Was Young in the Mountains (1982) and The Relatives Came (1985) received Caldecott Honors. The Relatives Came and Appalachia: The Voices of Sleeping Birds (1991) are each Boston Globe/Horn Book Honor Books, as is Missing May, which deals with the loss of a loved one. A Kindness (1988), Soda Jerk (1990), and A Couple of Kooks and Other Stories about Love (1990) have each been named a "Best Book of the Year for Young Adults" by the American Library Association.
Works
1979 When I Was Young in the Mountains 1982 Miss Maggie 1983 This Year's Garden 1984 Waiting to Waltz....a Childhood (poetry)
1985 A Blue-Eyed Daisy (a novel; also published as Some Year for Ellie)
1985 Every Living Thing (stories)
1985 Stray (short story)
1986 A Fine White Dust (novel)
1986 Night in the Country 1986 The Relatives Came 1987 Birthday Presents 1987 Children of Christmas: Stories for the Season 1988 All I See 1988 A Kindness (novel)
1989 Mr. Griggs' Work 1990 A Couple of Kooks and Other Stories about Love 1990 Soda Jerk (poetry)
1991 Appalachia: The Voices of Sleeping Birds (nonfiction, Illustrations by Barry Moser)
1992 An Angel for Solomon Singer 1992 Missing May 1992 Best Wishes 1993 I Had Seen Castles (novel)
1993 The Dreamer 1994 The Blue Hill Meadows 1994 The Old Woman Who Named Things 1994 Something Permanent (poetry)
1995 Dog Heaven 1995 Gooseberry Park 1995 The Van Gogh Cafe 1996 The Bookshop Dog (who will care for a dog when their owner becomes ill?)
1996 Margaret, Frank, and Andy: Three Writers' Stories, biographical stories (three volumes): A Story of Margaret Wise Brown, A Story of L. Frank Baum, and A Story of E. B. White.
1996 The Whales 1997 Cat Heaven 1997 Silver Packages: An Appalachian Christmas Story (a rich man gives gifts to poor children in Appalachia)
1998 Bear Day 1998 The Bird House 1998 Bless Us All: A Child's Yearbook of Blessings 1998 The Islander (novel)
1998 Scarecrow 1998 Tulip Sees America (a young man and their dog see the farms and mountains of America)
1999 Bunny Bungalow 1999 The Cookie-Store Cat 1999 Give Me Grace: A Child's Daybook of Prayers 1999 The Heavenly Village 2000 In November 2000 Thimbleberry Stories 2000 The Wonderful Happens 2001 Good Morning, Sweetie Pie and Other Poems for Little Children 2001 The Great Gracie Chase 2001 Let's Go Home: The Wonderful Things About a House 2002 Old Town in the Green Groves 2002 The Ticky-Tacky Doll 2003 God Went to Beauty School (poetry)
2004 Long Night Moon 2005 The Stars Will Shine Tonight 2005 Puppies and Piggies 2005 Miracles in Motion 2005 If You'll Be My Valentine 2005 Boris (poetry)
2006 Ludie's Life 2007 "Alligator Boy"
2009 All in a Day 2012 " A Crush"
2017 Life 2018 RosetownAutobiography
But I'll Be Back Again; An Album (1989) New York: Scholastic
Something about the Author autobiography series (1994), Vol. 76, Detroit, MI: Gale Research
Children's book series
Annie and Snowball
2007 Book 1: Annie and Snowball and the Dress-up Birthday 2007 Book 2: Annie and Snowball and the Prettiest House 2008 Book 3: Annie and Snowball and the Teacup Club 2008 Book 4: Annie and Snowball and the Pink Surprise 2009 Book 5: Annie and Snowball and the Cozy Nest 2009 Book 6: Annie and Snowball and the Shining Star 2010 Book 7: Annie and Snowball and the Magical House 2010 Book 8: Annie and Snowball and the Wintry Freeze 2011 Book 9: Annie and Snowball and Book Bugs Club 2011 Book 10: Annie and Snowball and the Thankful Friends 2012 Book 11: Annie and Snowball and the Surprise Day 2012 Book 12: Annie and Snowball and the Grandmother Night 2014 Book 13: Annie and Snowball and the Wedding DayCobble Street Cousins
1998 In Aunt Lucy's Kitchen 1998 A Little Shopping 1999 Special Gifts 1999 Some Good News 2001 Summer Party 2002 Wedding FlowersEveryday
1993 Everyday Children 1993 Everyday Garden 1993 Everyday House 1993 Everyday Pets 1993 Everyday School 1993 Everyday Town 1997 An Everyday BookHenry and Mudge
The High Rise Private Eyes
The High Rise Private Eyes #1: The Case of the Missing Monkey The High Rise Private Eyes #2: The Case of the Climbing Cat The High Rise Private Eyes: The Case of the Puzzling Possum The High Rise Private Eyes: The Case of the Troublesome Turtle The High Rise Private Eyes: The Case of the Sleepy Sloth The High Rise Private Eyes: The Case of the Fidgety Fox The High Rise Private Eyes: The Case of the Baffled Bear The High Rise Private Eyes: The Case of the Desperate DuckLittle Whistle
2001 Little Whistle 2001 Little Whistle's Dinner Party 2002 Little Whistle's Medicine 2003 Little Whistle's ChristmasMr. Putter and Tabby
1994 Mr. Putter and Tabby Pour the Tea 1994 Mr. Putter and Tabby Walk the Dog 1994 Mr. Putter and Tabby Bake the Cake 1995 Mr. Putter and Tabby Pick the Pears 1997 Mr. Putter and Tabby Fly the Plane 1997 Mr. Putter and Tabby Row the Boat 1998 Mr. Putter and Tabby Take the Train 1998 Mr. Putter and Tabby Toot the Horn 2000 Mr. Putter and Tabby Paint the Porch 2001 Mr. Putter and Tabby Feed the Fish 2002 Mr. Putter and Tabby Catch the Cold 2003 Mr. Putter and Tabby Stir the Soup 2004 Mr. Putter and Tabby Write the Book 2005 Mr. Putter and Tabby Make a Wish 2006 Mr. Putter and Tabby Spin the Yarn 2007 Mr. Putter and Tabby See the Stars 2008 Mr. Putter and Tabby Run the Race 2009 Mr. Putter and Tabby Spill the Beans 2010 Mr. Putter and Tabby Clear the Decks 2011 Mr. Putter and Tabby Ring the Bell 2012 Mr. Putter and Tabby Dance the Dance 2013 Mr. Putter and Tabby Drop the Ball 2014 Mr. Putter and Tabby Turn the Page 2015 Mr. Putter and Tabby Smell the Roses 2016 Mr. Putter and Tabby Hit the SlopePoppleton
Lighthouse family
2002 The Storm 2003 The Whale 2003 The Eagle 2005 The Turtle 2005 The Octopus 2016 The Otter 2017 The Sea Lion 2018 The BearReferences
Further reading
Cooper, Irene. "The Booklist Interview: Cynthia Rylant", Booklist, 1 June 1993, p. 1840
"Cynthia Rylant: A Quiet Craft", Publishers' Weekly, 21 July 1997, p. 178
"Cynthia Rylant", Authors and Artists for Young Adults, Vol. 45, Gale Group, 2002
McGinty, Alice B. Cynthia Rylant, The Rosen Publishing Group (2004)
Meet the Author: "Cynthia Rylant", Instructor, April 1994, p. 60
Rylant, Cynthia. Best Wishes, Katonah, NY: Richard C. Owen, 1992
Rylant, Cynthia. But I'll Be Back Again: An Album, New York, NY: Scholastic, 1989
Rylant, Cynthia. Something about the Author autobiography series, Vol. 76, Detroit, MI: Gale Research, 1994
Silvey, Anita, ed. Children's Books and Their Creators, Boston, MA: Houghton Mifflin, 1995
Silvey, Anita. "An Interview with Cynthia Rylant", Horn Book Magazine, Nov–Dec 1987, p. 694
Ward, Diane. "Cynthia Rylant". Horn Book Magazine''. July 1993. p. 420
External links
Rylant's books at Simon & Schuster
Harcourt interview with Rylant
Cynthia Rylant papers, 1950s–1992 at Kent State University – with biographical note
Rylant profile at Scholastic Books
Rylant profile and description of some of their books at About.com
1954 births
Living people
20th-century American writers
20th-century American women
21st-century American writers
21st-century American women
American children's writers
Appalachian writers
Kent State University alumni
Marshall University alumni
Morris Harvey College alumni
Newbery Honor winners
Newbery Medal winners
People from Marion County, West Virginia
American women children's writers
Writers from West Virginia
Librarians from West Virginia
Irfan Talib (Urdu: ) (born 26 January 1986 in Mirpur, Azad Kashmir), is a Pakistani cricketer.
Domestic career
List A career
Talib made their List A debut for Islamabad Leopards against Abbottabad Rhinos in the 2009/10 Royal Bank of Scotland Cup. Talib didn't bowl and scored 65* (117). Islamabad won the match by 4 wickets. They played their next match against Faisalabad Wolves. Talib scored 7 (22) and got figures of 1/22. Faisalabad won by 5 wickets. They played against Sialkot Stallions. They scored 21 (38) and got figures of 1/18. Sialkot won the match by 3 wickets. They played their last match of the tournament against Lahore Lions. They got figures of 4/37 and scored 10 (23) as Lahore went on to win by 30 runs. Talib played for Rawalpindi Rams against Abbottabad Falcons in the 2012–13 National One Day Cup. They got figures of 0/49 and didn't bat as Rawalpindi won the match by 5 wickets.
T20 career
Talib made their T20 debut for AJK Jaguars against Islamabad Leopards. They got figures of 0/18 and scored 15 (22) as Islamabad won by 34 runs. Talib played their next match against Faisalabad Wolves. They didn't bat and got figures of 2/21 as Faisalabad won by 8 wickets. Talib played their next match against Peshawar Panthers. They scored 4 (10) and got figures of 0/3 as Peshawar won the match by 9 wickets. Talib played their final match of the tournament against Lahore Eagles. They scored 18 (23) and got figures of 3/29 as Lahore won by 7 wickets. Talib played for AJK Jaguars in the 2015–16 National T20 Cup. They played their first match against Lahore Blues. They scored 22 (21) and got figures of 1/21 as Lahore won by 82 runs. Talib played their next match against Larkana Bulls. They got a score of 1 (2) and got figures of 2/8 as AJK Jaguars won by 58 runs. They played their last match of the tournament against Quetta Bears. They scored 33 (27) and got figures of 2/27 as Quetta won by 4 wickets.
References
External links
Irfan Talib at Pakistan Cricket Board
1986 births
Living people
Pakistani cricketers
People from Azad Kashmir
Edward Joseph "Petey" Perot (born April 28, 1957) is a former professional American football offensive lineman. They started in Super Bowl XV for the Philadelphia Eagles. Perot played college football at Northwestern State University and was drafted in the second round of the 1979 NFL Draft by the Eagles. They also played for the New Orleans Saints in 1985.
Following their playing career, Perot coached at Southern Miss and Louisiana Tech.
References
1957 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Natchitoches, Louisiana
Players of American football from Louisiana
American football offensive guards
Northwestern State Demons football players
Philadelphia Eagles players
New Orleans Saints players
Louisiana Tech Bulldogs football coaches
Southern Miss Golden Eagles football coaches
Mansfield is a former railway station in Mansfield, Victoria, Australia. The former station building now serves tourists to the community as a visitor centre.
The station is of a traditional timber design, and features many original fixtures including pressed metal interior walls, original doors and timber panelling and a full length signal bay window. Original light fittings are also in place inside the station building.
Additional structures on site include a large good shed, bearing a warning notice "DANGER - UNSTABLE STRUCTURE - DO NOT ENTER". A crane is also located in what was the goods yard on the Mansfield goods platform.
The station is the terminus of the former Tallarook - Yea - Mansfield Line. The Mansfield train service ran its last service in 1978, with a Walker Rail Motor on stretches of track that in parts had 15 mph speed restrictions due to lack of track maintenance by the then state government owned Victorian Railways. Goods and freight services continued on the line until six months later, when they were also discontinued.
The rail was dismantled ten years later, and part of the former rail reserve has been used in road and highway re-alignments. The whole of the line from Tallarook to Mansfield has been developed into the Great Victorian Rail Trail, a crushed gravel walking, bicycle and equestrian path. There is no anticipated return of rail services to Mansfield.
References
Victorian Railway Stations - Mansfield
Railway stations in Australia opened in 1891
Railway stations closed in 1978
Mansfield railway line
Disused railway stations in Victoria (Australia)
1978 disestablishments in Australia
Agrial is a French agricultural cooperative and food-processor with operations in dairy, beef, poultry, vegetables and fruit. The company has a workforce of 12,000.
References
Agriculture companies of France
Food and drink companies established in 2000
French brands
Caen
Companies based in Normandy
Commodore (retired) Adrian Nance OBE is a former Royal Navy officer, and a founder of an international company, an international charity, and two UK companies.
Nance was educated at Eltham College. They graduated from Birmingham University with a BSc in chemical engineering in 1976.
Nance served for 33 years in the Royal Navy. Since their retirement in 2006 has devoted themselves to disaster relief activities in southern Africa and to other high value work. In 2007 they founded the Wings Like Eagles charity, whose purpose is to send helicopters faster to disasters in southern Africa. Wings Like Eagles helped provide 46 hours of helicopter relief along with Mercy Air for the 1.8 million people affected by cyclone IDAI in Mozambique in 2019, and also coordinated the disaster response air group with the UN, which peaked at 23 aircraft. The helicopter company they founded owns one Bell Jet Ranger helicopter, which is based in South Africa and is available for commercial hire, and stands available for disaster relief when possible.
Since their retirement, Nance has also been a consultant specializing in transformational leadership and growth. They served for 6 years as the financial trustee of the Humanitarian Logistics Association, assisting in its transformation from zero income, overseeing a major project with the EU, and helping set its strategic direction until 2018. Their service for 8 years as the Deputy President of the Royal Naval Association included overseeing a strategic review, a relocation, and the redevelopment of the trustees board, and resulted in them being appointed a Life Vice President on theirs leaving in 2013. In other charity work, they were a trustee and later the naval vice president of the Officers' Christian Union for 5 years until 2007, who with others in 2005 helped its transformation into the Armed Forces Christian Union of today.  They are currently (2019) the Treasurer of Eastleigh Parish, overseeing 7% growth in 7 months, and engaged in its fiscal transformation and its transition to a stand-alone charity.  They are also currently a founder trustee of the Chandler's Ford Chaplaincy.  They are a public speaker for the charities they support.  They are a member of the Institute of Directors.
The performance of all these charities or companies can be checked with the Charity Commission or Companies House, the regulators of charities and companies for England and Wales, or with the Companies and Intellectual Property Commission in the Republic of South Africa.
Nance started their long association with naval operations and military aviation in 1977. Most recently from a naval perspective, they were commodore of the Royal Navy Maritime Warfare School based in HMS Collingwood from 2004 to 2006, training commanding officers and 20,000 other naval personnel per year. This included them having the pleasure of accommodating the heads of the navies of the world who came to celebrate the 200th anniversary of the Battle of Trafalgar. They were also commanding officer of from 2003 to 2004, notably for the sea trials of the GR9 Harrier jet and the Merlin helicopter. They commanded the 6th Frigate Squadron, at the time the Navy's largest, of 7 frigates based from in 1997 and 1998. Their experience in government finance, international policy (in the embassy in Washington, D.C.) and in operations in the UK's Ministry of Defence has proved immensely valuable working with governments, the UN and NGOs in the disaster relief work they now does.
Earlier, Nance was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire, Military Division, in June 1991, for their service as commander aboard the destroyer in the first Gulf War. During the 1991 Gulf War, HMS Cardiff's Lynx helicopter claimed two Iraqi TNC-45 fast attack craft, two ZHUK fast patrol craft and one Landing Craft resupplying Iraqi forces in Saudi Arabia. They were one of the youngest commanding officers in the Royal Navy when they were promoted to command of the destroyer in 1990. They were twice the senior anti-air warfare officer for all British naval forces in the Gulf Tanker war, and was awarded the General Service Medal (Gulf clasp). As a result of that high intensity front line experience, Nance became a senior trainer on the elite staff of the Flag Officer Sea Training, and for 18 months they were the trainer of UK frigate, destroyer and aircraft carrier commanding officers, with other commanders from Holland, Germany, Portugal, Belgium and Italy. This early experience in high-level, international, cross-cultural working in high output delivery is hugely helpful in the disaster response aviation and consultancy work Nance now does. They also survived the sinking of in the Falklands Conflict in 1982. HMS Sheffield was part of the task force sent to the Falkland Islands during the Falklands War. They were struck by an Exocet air-launched anti-ship missile from a Super Etendard aircraft belonging to the Argentine Navy on 4 May 1982 and foundered on 10 May 1982. Nance was awarded the South Atlantic Medal in 1982.
References
Living people
Alumni of the University of Birmingham
Royal Navy officers
HMS Cardiff (D108)
People educated at Eltham College
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Year of birth missing (living people)
Christophe Rinero (born 29 December 1973 in Moissac) is a former French professional road racing cyclist. Their sporting career began with CA Castelsarrazin. Rinero's greatest achievements have been to win the Tour de l'Avenir in 1998 and the King of the Mountains in the 1998 Tour de France. In 2002, they won stage 2 at Tour du Limousin. They retired at the end of 2008
Major results
1996
3rd Overall Tour de l'Ain
1st Stage 1
1998
1st Overall Tour de l'Avenir
1st Stages 7 & 9
1st Stage 1 Tour du Limousin
2nd Overall Grand Prix du Midi Libre
1st Stage 2
3rd Châteauroux Classic
4th Overall Tour de France
1st Mountains classification
6th GP Ouest–France
8th Route Adélie
2002
Tour du Limousin
1st Mountains classification
1st Stage 2
3rd Boucles de l'Aulne
8th Overall Tour de Picardie
2003
3rd Overall Tour de la Somme
5th Grand Prix de Wallonie
2004
8th Grand Prix de Wallonie
2005
2nd Overall Criterium des Espoirs
6th Grand Prix de Wallonie
7th GP de la Ville de Rennes
2008
10th Overall Rhône-Alpes Isère Tour
External links
Profile at Saunier Duval-Prodir official website
References
1973 births
Living people
French male cyclists
Sportspeople from Tarn-et-Garonne
Cyclists from Occitania (administrative region)
Ridgway's rough-winged swallow (Stelgidopteryx serripennis ridgwayi) is a bird in the family Hirundinidae.
It is found in Belize, Guatemala, and Mexico. Most taxonomic authorities consider it to be a subspecies of the northern rough-winged swallow.
References
BirdLife International 2004. Stelgidopteryx ridgwayi. 2006 IUCN Red List of Threatened Species. Downloaded on 27 July 2007.
Ridgway's rough-winged swallow
Birds of Belize
Birds of Guatemala
Ridgway's rough-winged swallow
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Subspecies
"Donkey Cabbages" (or "The Donkey Cabbage"; ) is a German fairy tale collected by the Brothers Grimm, tale number 122. A man shoots birds in a forest and gains magical objects. By also ingesting the heart of one of the bird they shot, they acquire an inexhaustible source of wealth. Later on, their magical abilities and items are stolen by a trio of witches, but regains thanks to a magical herb that causes a transformation into donkeys.
Synopsis
A huntsman gave an old woman alms. They told them to go to a tree where nine birds fought for a cloak. If they shot among them, one would die and they would drop the cloak that turned out to be a wishing cloak. Furthermore, if they swallowed the heart of the dead bird, they would find a gold coin by their pillow every morning.
They went out into the world and came to a castle where an old witch lived with their beautiful daughter. The witch knew about the bird's heart and told their daughter what they must do to steal it. They gave the man a drink, and the bird's heart came up. The daughter swallowed it herself. Then the witch told them that they had to steal the wishing cloak as well, and how to do it. The daughter looked at the Garnet Mountain and told the huntsman that they wished they were there. They took them under the cloak and wished them both there. They slept there and they stole the cloak and wished themselves back home.
Three giants saw them and talked of killing him, but the third said that a cloud would carry them away. They climbed up the mountain and rode off on a cloud. It took them to a cabbage/lettuce garden. They were so hungry that they ate some, and it turned them into a donkey. They went on and found a different patch of cabbage/lettuce which turned them back into a man. They took both kinds of vegetables and went back to the castle. They told the witch that they were a royal messenger sent to fetch the finest vegetables for the king, but they were afraid that the heat would make it wither. The witch asked for some. They gave it to them and she, their maidservant, and the daughter all ate the cooked vegetables and became donkeys. The huntsman sold them to a miller, telling them to give the old one (the witch) one meal a day and three beatings, the younger one (the maidservant) three meals and two beatings, and the youngest (the witch's daughter) three meals and one beating.
After a time, they came back to the miller to see how the donkeys were doing. The miller told them that the oldest donkey was dead, but the two younger donkeys were so sad they thought they would die. The huntsman bought them back and turned them back into women. The witch's daughter told them where the cloak was and said they would give them back the heart as it had been stolen, but they said it would make no difference, if they wed, so they married shortly afterwards.
Analysis
The tale is analysed as part of a series of folk stories connected to the Fortunatus cycle: a soldier is gifted magical items by a fairy (or an old lady, or the goddess of Fortune) but the items are stolen by someone else (a witch, a king, a princess, etc.). With the help of a strange fruit or herb with magical properties, the hero recovers the items. In some variants, the hero eventually marries the thief (if female) or the thief's daughter. These tales are classified in the Aarne–Thompson–Uther Index as ATU 566, "The Three Magic Objects and the Wonderful Fruits".
British traveller Rachel Harriette Busk collected a variant from Rome: The Transformation Donkey.
The beginning of the tale sometimes involves male twins or a pair of brothers that eat the bird's head and heart (or liver, or breast), unaware of its magical properties. One such variant was collected by Hans Stumme, in North Africa (Die Geschichte von den beiden Knaben, die das Herz und den Kopf des Vogels gegessen hatten, und von der Rhalia Bint Manssor).
Variants of the story differ in the kind of vegetable or herb that is ingested, and the sort of physical transformation, mostly into animals. For instance, in a Czechoslovak tale, collected by Parker Fillmore, the protagonist finds a sorrel and is transformed into a goat.
Translations and versions
The Brothers Grimm collected a previous version titled Die lange Nase, with many similarities to this tale.
Andrew Lang included it in The Yellow Fairy Book.
The tale was also translated as The Salad and published in Grimm's Goblins: Grimm's Household Stories, by Edgar Taylor.
Ruth Manning-Sanders included it, as "The Donkey Lettuce", in A Book of Witches.
In popular culture
Television
In 1988, the story was also animated by Japan's Nippon Animation studio for its Grimm's Fairy Tale Classics series; the title of the episode in the English version produced by Saban Entertainment is The Magic Heart. It made a few alterations to the story. In The Magic Heart, the huntsman is named Frederick, the witch's daughter is named Lisbeth and is really an enchanted princess whom the witch kidnapped as a baby and raised as their own daughter (even giving Lisbeth the power of black magic), the old woman is replaced with an old wizard, the witch's maidservant as well as the three giants were not featured, and the transformed witch and Lisbeth were sold to a farmer. Instead of a bird's heart, Frederick swallows a golden orb. Additionally the cloak allows its wearer to teleport to any location they wish instead of being a wishing cloak and Lisbeth tricks Frederick into teleporting them to a barren desert as their mother instructed, though Lisbeth protested about the theft of the cloak. Lisbeth then tricks Frederick into believing the cloak made a mistake and convinces them to fetch them some water and steals the cloak when they leaf it with them while planning to search for an oasis only to discover their theft when they realize they can use the cloak to transport them to somewhere else. Lisbeth is shown to regret leaving Frederick in the desert causing the witch to plan to increase the power of the enchantment on them to make them forget him. The "Magic Heart" of the episode's title is not the heart of a dead bird, but rather the magic of Frederick's heart when they forgive Lisbeth for their transgressions against them after they discover the farmer they sold them and the witch to had ignored their orders not to work Lisbeth at all and feed three meals a day. The farmer instead cruelly makes Lisbeth work for the three meals they feed them and whips them When Frederick confronts them over breaking their word, the farmer reveals that the old donkey that was the witch had died and they had to work the younger one to make up for it, though Frederick takes Lisbeth home for violating the terms of their arrangement. They give Lisbeth the white cabbage to turn them back into a human and they apologize to them before revealing that the spell the witch had cast on them had been broken by their death and that they realize that they were not their real mother. Frederick is also shown to be more torn and heartbroken by Lisbeth's betrayal than the theft of the cloak and golden ball as they state to themselves they would have gladly given them to them after they steal the cloak.  They are later relieved to learn they hadn't betrayed them willingly as they had been under the witch's enchantment.
See also
The Two Brothers
References
Further reading
Balbir, Nalini. "Le cœur de l'oiseau merveilleux". In: Communications, 39, 1984. Les avatars d'un conte, sous la direction de Claude Bremond. pp. 77-93. [DOI: https://doi.org/10.3406/comm.1984.1581] ; www.persee.fr/doc/comm_0588-8018_1984_num_39_1_1581
Ohno, Christine. "Der Krautesel Eine Analyse der Motive und des Ursprungs dieses Märchens und des Märchentyps AaTh 567", Fabula 34, 1-2: 24-44, doi: https://doi.org/10.1515/fabl.1993.34.1-2.24
External links
Donkey Cabbages
The Donkey Cabbage
Grimms' Fairy Tales
Cabbage
Fictional donkeys
Fiction about shapeshifting
Fiction about giants
Witchcraft in fairy tales
German fairy tales
ATU 560-649
Silver nitride is an explosive chemical compound with symbol Ag3N. It is a black, metallic-looking solid which is formed when silver oxide or silver nitrate is dissolved in concentrated solutions of ammonia, causing formation of the diammine silver complex which subsequently breaks down to Ag3N. The standard free energy of the compound is about +315 kJ/mol, making it an endothermic compound which decomposes explosively to metallic silver and nitrogen gas.
History
Silver nitride was formerly referred to as fulminating silver, but this can cause confusion with silver fulminate or silver azide, other compounds which have also been referred to by this name. The fulminate and azide compounds do not form from ammoniacal solutions of Ag2O. Fulminating silver was first prepared in 1788 by the French chemist Claude Louis Berthollet.
Properties
Silver nitride is poorly soluble in water, but decomposes in mineral acids; decomposition is explosive in concentrated acids. It also slowly decomposes in air at room temperature and explodes upon heating to 165 °C.
Hazards
Silver nitride is often produced inadvertently during experiments involving silver compounds and ammonia, leading to surprise detonations. Whether silver nitride is formed depends on the concentration of ammonia in the solution. Silver oxide in 1.52 M ammonia solution readily converts to the nitride, while silver oxide in 0.76 M solution does not form nitride. Silver oxide can also react with dry ammonia to form Ag3N. Silver nitride is more dangerous when dry; dry silver nitride is a contact explosive which may detonate from the slightest touch, even a falling water droplet. It is also explosive when wet, although less so, and explosions do not propagate well in wet deposits of the compound. Because of its long-term instability, undetonated deposits of Ag3N will lose their sensitivity over time.
Silver nitride may appear as black crystals, grains, crusts, or mirrorlike deposits on container walls. Suspected deposits may be dissolved by adding dilute ammonia or concentrated ammonium carbonate solution, removing the explosion hazard.
Other uses of the term
The name "silver nitride" is sometimes also used to describe a reflective coating consisting of alternating thin layers of silver metal and silicon nitride. This material is not explosive, and is not a true silver nitride. It is used to coat mirrors and shotguns.
See also
Silver azide
References
Silver compounds
Nitrides
Explosive chemicals
"Losing Grip" is a song by Canadian singer-songwriter Avril Lavigne, released as the fourth single and the first track from their debut album, Let Go (except in New Zealand, where "Mobile" was released), in March 2003. The song was written by Lavigne and Clif Magness, and produced by Magness. The song, which is lyrically about Lavigne "losing grip" with their boyfriend as they are just not meant to be, is much heavier with grunge oriented sounds than most of the songs on Let Go that had a more poppy feel. They performed "Losing Grip" at the Juno Awards of 2003. The song's video single was certified Gold by the RIAA on September 22, 2003.
Background
Arista Records intended for "Anything but Ordinary" to serve as the fourth single from Let Go, although Lavigne successfully pressed the label to release "Losing Grip" instead.
Music video
The music video was directed by Liz Friedlander and was filmed on February 25 and 26, 2003 at the Angel Orensanz Foundation in New York City. It shows scenes of Lavigne and their band performing in front of a large crowd. There are also shots of their moshing and surfing through the crowd while pushing, punching and shoving people from time to time. The "crowd surfing" routine was practiced by other people on the audience during the shoot before Lavigne was allowed to do so.
Reception
Christina Saraceno of AllMusic noted that "Losing Grip" allowed Lavigne to "show off" their vocal ability during the song's "explosive rock chorus". Sal Cinquemani of Slant magazine also praised Lavigne's vocals and compared them to Canadian singer-songwriter Alanis Morissette.
Awards and nominations
"Losing Grip" was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Female Rock Vocal Performance, but lost to "Trouble" by Pink.
Track listings
CD single
"Losing Grip" (album version) – 3:53
"Losing Grip" (live) – 4:56
Australian CD single
"Losing Grip" (album version) – 3:53
"I'm with You" (live) – 3:57
"Unwanted" (live) – 4:01
"Losing Grip" (video)
European CD single
"Losing Grip" (album version) – 3:53
"Losing Grip" (live) – 4:56
"Naked" (live) – 4:24
"Losing Grip" (video)
Cassette single
"Losing Grip" (album version) – 3:53
"Losing Grip" (live) – 4:56
"Naked" (live) – 4:24
"Losing Grip" (album version) – 3:53
"Losing Grip" (live) – 4:56
"Naked" (live) – 4:24
Charts
Certifications
|-
! colspan="3"| Video Single
|-
Release history
References
External links
"Losing Grip" music video
Avril Lavigne songs
2003 singles
Music videos directed by Liz Friedlander
Post-grunge songs
Songs written by Avril Lavigne
Arista Records singles
Songs written by Clif Magness
Arts Extra is a Northern Irish arts and entertainment programme broadcast on BBC Radio Ulster. The programme is presented by Marie-Louise Muir, airs each weekday at 6:30pm and reports on film, music, books and the visual arts.
References
Official website
Radio programmes in Northern Ireland
Sepfüzou Ward is a ward located under Nagaland's capital city, Kohima. The ward falls under the designated Ward No. 2 of the Kohima Municipal Council.
Education
Educational Institutions in Sepfüzou Ward:
Colleges
Alder College
Schools
Sepfüzou Government Primary School
See also
Municipal Wards of Kohima
References
External links
Map of Kohima Ward No. 2
Kohima
Wards of Kohima
The Alabama Department of Transportation (ALDOT) is the government agency responsible for transportation infrastructure in Alabama. The Department is organized into five geographic regions, with a Central Office located in Montgomery, AL. The Central Office is organized into the Office of the Transportation Director and the Office of the Chief Engineer. The five Region Engineers report to the director and Deputy Director, Operations. The organization of the various bureaus and offices are designed to report to the director and the deputy directors, Chief Engineer, or the Assistant Chief Engineers. The Department has several boards and committees that operate either within a bureau or as a cooperative effort among several bureaus or regions.
References
External links
State agencies of Alabama
Transportation in Alabama
State departments of transportation of the United States
The Eastern Michigan University Student Center is Eastern Michigan University's student union. Since its opening in 2006 the EMU Student Center replaced McKenny Union as the student hub of campus life. The building is simply referred to as "The Student Center" by students faculty and staff. In 2017 the Student Center was named the number one student union in the country by the College Rank. The building is located in University Park near the Rec/IM and Library. It is also the location of the EMU Bookstore, a 24/7 computer lab, two art galleries, various offices and Admissions. The Student Center also includes the Kiva Room.
History
Eastern Michigan University's first student union was McKenny Union, first proposed by President Charles McKenny in 1924. McKenny Union opened in 1931, and was the first student union on the campus of a teachers' college. In the early 2000s, EMU began to look at a possible expansion and renovation of McKenny Union. The university found that constructing a new student center and renovating McKenny would be cheaper. The firm of Burt Hill was hired to design the new building with Turner Construction as the builder, and in 2004, work began on the former site of Pine Grove Apartments and tennis courts. The building officially opened on November 17, 2006. Since its opening, the EMU Student Center uses the slogan "Centered on You!". Following its opening, the Student Center created "a new hub of activity on north side of campus". Once the Student Center opened, McKenny Union closed for renovations and reopened as McKenny Hall. Despite criticism from some faculty members about the expense, the opening of the new student center was considered one of the high points of John A. Fallon's troubled two-year tenure as president of EMU. A poll of campus community members found that the student center was considered one of EMU's top ten improvements between 2002 and 2012.
Facility
The building offers student services, a Chase Bank branch, dining facilities, meeting rooms, two art galleries, administrative offices, student organization offices, an auditorium, a 24-hour computer lab, a Kiva Room, bookstore and a gaming center. The cost of the Student Center is estimated around $40.5 million (USD). The building's architectural style is Post Modern. The building is approximately in size. The building is located in University Park near the Rec/IM and Library. During the buildings construction a lake was made adjacent to the Student Center. This completed the area known as "University Park". Outside the building to the south is a small reconstructed prairie and a bridge. The Student Center is home to offices such as Campus Life, VISION, a box office, Service EMU, and Admissions. The Student Center was the home of the first LAN Gaming Center (Savage Geckos); purchased by the university in Spring 2008 and renamed E-Zone.
Current food vendors in the Student Center include sites run by EMU's Dining Services, Smashburger and Starbucks. Past vendors include Taco Bell, KFC, Sbarro, Panda Express, Wendy's and Subway. In recent years EMU has moved away from chain restaurants to sites run and owned by the university.
The facility is also heavily used for local and state conferences. In addition, due to the building's design the facility has hosted several "green" environmental conferences in the facility. Beyond this due to the school's aviation program, the school has hosted several aviation conferences.
Kiva Room
The Student Center also includes the Kiva Room, a round, 360-degree room patterned after spaces used in Native American cultures, on the north end of the third floor. The Kiva Room is used as a meeting space, for collaboration, or for musical purposes.
References
Buildings at Eastern Michigan University
Student activity centers in the United States
Buildings and structures completed in 2006
Eastern Michigan University
Modernist architecture in Michigan
2006 establishments in Michigan
Acrolepia elaphrodes is a moth of the family Acrolepiidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1919. It is found in South America.
References
Moths described in 1919
Acrolepiidae
Truman Harrison Hoag (April 9, 1816 – February 5, 1870) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.
Born in Manlius, New York, Hoag attended the public schools.
They moved to Syracuse, New York, in 1832 and was employed as a clerk in a store and later in the canal collector's office.
They moved to Oswego, New York, in 1839 and was employed for a commission merchants company, moving to Toledo, Ohio, in 1849 as agent of the same firm.
Later became engaged in transportation and in mercantile pursuits.
They also engaged in the manufacture of illuminating gas and of coke.
They were an unsuccessful candidate for mayor in 1867.
Hoag was elected as a Democrat to the Forty-first Congress and served from March 4, 1869, until their death in Washington, D.C., on February 5, 1870.
They were interred in Forest Cemetery in Toledo, Ohio.
See also
List of United States Congress members who died in office (1790–1899)
Sources
1816 births
1870 deaths
Politicians from Toledo, Ohio
19th-century American politicians
Burials in Ohio
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Petro Petrovych Slobodyan (, ; 2 July 1953 in the village of Sheparivtsi, Stanislav Oblast – 15 December 2020) was a Soviet football player and a Ukrainian coach.
Honours
Soviet Top League winner: 1975, 1977.
European Under-23 Championship winner: 1976.
International career
Slobodyan made their debut for USSR on 28 November 1976 in a friendly against Argentina.
External links
Profile
1953 births
2020 deaths
Soviet footballers
Soviet Union international footballers
Soviet Top League players
FC Avanhard Ternopil players
FC Dnipro players
FC Dynamo Kyiv players
FC Lokomotiv Moscow players
Ukrainian footballers
Ukrainian football managers
FC Obolon Kyiv managers
Association football forwards
Sportspeople from Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast
The Association for Nutrition (AfN) is the voluntary regulator for nutritionists and nutrition scientists in the United Kingdom.
The association is a registered charity and is custodian of the United Kingdom Voluntary Register of Nutritionists (UKVRN)
Its purpose is to "Protect and benefit the public by defining and advancing standards of evidence-based practice across the field of nutrition and at all levels within the workforce".
The Association for Nutrition and the UKVRN is acknowledged by Public Health England, NHS Careers, NHS Choices and the National Careers Service as the professional body for nutritionists in the UK.
The Chief Executive is Helen Clark.
The register
All registrants on the UKVRN have had to provide evidence of their training and professional nutrition experience. They have also committed to abide by a Standard of Ethics, Conduct and Performance. There are three categories of UKVRN registrants, Registered Nutritionist (RNutr) with nutrition specialism in public health, nutrition science, sport & exercise, food or animal nutrition, Registered Associate Nutritionist (ANutr) and Fellow of AfN (FAfN).
Registered Associate Nutritionists
Registered Associate Nutritionists (post-nominals: ANutr) are recent graduates, who have been able to demonstrate a sound foundation of knowledge and understanding in nutrition science, and are working towards gaining sufficient experience within a specialist area to become a Registered Nutritionist (RNutr).
Registered Nutritionists
Registered Nutritionists (post nominals RNutr) have been assessed as having demonstrated that they have met rigorously applied knowledge, understanding and practice core competencies set by the AfN. They commit to keeping their knowledge up to date and ensuring they follow evidence-based practice.
Fellows of the Association for Nutrition
Fellows (FAfN) have been Registered Nutritionists (RNutr) for at least five years and have been recognised by their peers to have made a significant and sustained contribution to the advancement of nutrition practice, research or education at a national or international level.
References
External links
Health in the London Borough of Camden
Learned societies of the United Kingdom
Organisations based in the London Borough of Camden
The 1913–14 PCHA season was the third season of the professional men's ice hockey Pacific Coast Hockey Association league. Season play ran from December 5, 1913, until February 24, 1914. Like the previous two seasons, teams were to play a 16-game schedule, but one game was cancelled. The Victoria Aristocrats club would be the PCHA champions. After the season, Victoria travelled to Toronto to play the Toronto Hockey Club, National Hockey Association (NHA) champions, in a challenge series for the 1914 Stanley Cup. Toronto won the series.
League business
Frank Patrick became league president, succeeding C. E. Doherty. The Victoria Senators changed their name to the Victoria Aristocrats. In the fall of 1913, the PCHA and the NHA agreed to support a draft arrangement, whereby the PCHA could draft NHA players annually for four years. The PCHA would draft three players on a rotating basis among the NHA teams. The first draft, in 1914, would have the PCHA select one player from Ottawa, one from Quebec, and one from the Wanderers. An agreement was made with the NHA to send the PCHA champion east to play the NHA champion for the "world's championship" at the end of the season.
Rule changes
This season marked the introduction of the blue lines used in today's official ice hockey rinks. The league sub-divided the rink into three zones of , allowing forward passing in the centre zone. This change was at the instigation of the Patrick brothers. The league also started awarding assists for players helping to set up a goal, allowing substitution at any time, banning players from within of a faceoff, having separate dressing rooms for the officials, allowing the kicking of the puck except to score and added a goal line between the posts of the goal net.
Regular season
Cyclone Taylor won the scoring championship with 39 points. Taylor and Tommy Dunderdale won the goal-scoring championship with 24 goals. The top single-game scoring feat was accomplished by Eddie Oatman, who scored six goals in their final game of the season against Vancouver on February 24, 1914, to finish with 22 goals.
Victoria was in last place on January 23, but then won six games in a row to claim the league championship and the Paterson Cup.
Final standings
Note: W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, GF= Goals For, GA = Goals against
Stanley Cup playoffs
After the season, Victoria travelled to Toronto to play the Toronto Blueshirts, the NHA and Stanley Cup champion. A controversy occurred when it was revealed that the Victoria club had not filed a formal challenge. A letter arrived from the Stanley Cup trustees on March 17, that the trustees would not let the Stanley Cup travel west, as they did not consider Victoria a proper challenger because they had not formally notified the trustees. However, on March 18, Trustee William Foran stated that it was a misunderstanding. PCHA president Frank Patrick had not filed a challenge, because they had expected Emmett Quinn of the NHA to make all of the arrangements in their role as hockey commissioner, whereas the trustees thought they were being deliberately ignored. In any case, all arrangements had been ironed out and the Victoria challenge was accepted.
Exhibition series
Vancouver travelled to New York, and played in a tournament with the Quebec Bulldogs and Montreal Wanderers of the NHA.
Schedule and results
a Cancelled
A game between Vancouver and Victoria was cancelled at the end of the season.
Player statistics
Goaltenders
Scoring leaders
All-Stars
Hugh Lehman, New Westminster, goal
Ernie Johnson, New Westminster, defence
Frank Patrick, Vancouver, defence
Cyclone Taylor, Vancouver, rover
Tommy Dunderdale, Victoria, centre
Eddie Oatman, New Westminster, right wing
Dubbie Kerr, Victoria, left wing
Source: Coleman 1966
See also
Pacific Coast Hockey Association
List of pre-NHL seasons
1913–14 NHA season
References
Bibliography
Notes
PCHA
Pacific Coast Hockey Association seasons
Belphoebe (or Belphebe, Belphœbe) is a character in Edmund Spenser's poem The Faerie Queene (1590), a representation of Queen Elizabeth I (conceived of, however, as a pure, high-spirited maiden, rather than a queen). Spenser intended their name to mean "beautiful Diana" (Phoebe being an epithet of the Greek moon goddess Artemis, who was known to the Romans as Diana), and it is suggested that they are a member of Poseidon's family. A virgin huntress, Belphoebe can certainly fight, as a potential rapist found out.  They are the stronger, militant sister of Amoret.
Belphoebe is mentioned in Kipling's poem "The Queen's Men", which is based on Spenser's work and which constitutes a lament for two young sea-captains who perished on a mission to which they sent them:
Belphoebe is also mentioned in Sir Walter Raleigh's poem "If Cynthia be a Queen",
References
The Faerie Queene
Characters in epic poems
Fictional fairies and sprites
Fictional women soldiers and warriors
Fairy royalty
Fictional androgynes
Fictional hunters
Literary characters
Literary characters introduced in 1590
Mansour El Souwaim (Arabic: منصور الصويم, born 1970 in Nyala, Sudan) is a Sudanese writer and journalist. They have published both novels and short stories. They were invited to join the first IPAF Nadwa (Arab writers' workshop) as well as the Beirut39 young Arab writers project, and has received international recognition through translations of their novels into English and French.
Biography
El Souwaim was born in Nyala in southern Darfur, and lives and works in the Sudanese capital Khartoum. They started writing in 1990 and was first published in 1995. Up to 2021, they have released five novels and two collections of short stories. Their first novel was called Tukhoum Ar-Ramad (Boundaries of Ash) and translated into English in 2012. Their second novel, entitled Dhakirat Shirrir (Memoirs of a Villain), received the Tayeb Salih Award for Creative Writing, named after the famous Sudanese novelist, in 2005. It was published in French in 2021 and received a positive review in the literary section of Le Monde newspaper.
In 2009, El Souwaim attended the inaugural IPAF Nadwa (Arab writers' workshop). In 2010, they were one of the Beirut39, a group of 39 Arab writers under the age of 40, chosen through a contest organised by Banipal magazine and the Hay Festival. In 2011, El Souwaim received a grant by the Arab Fund for Arts and Culture (AFAC) for their next project, a historical novel entitled The Last Sultan.
Works in Arabic and in translation
Tukhoum Ar-Ramad (Boundaries of Ash), 1995, English translation 2012
Dhakirat Shirrir (Memoirs of a Villain), 2005 French translation: Souvenirs d'un enfant des rues. 2012.
Ashbāḥ Faransāwī (French ghosts), 2014
Ākhir al-salāṭīn: ḥurūb al-sulṭān ʻAlī Dīnār ʻalá tukhūm madāfin al-salāṭīn, (The Fall of the Sultans: Sultan Ali Dinar's Wars on the Borders of the Sultans' Tombs) 2016
ʻArabat al-amwāt (The Chariot of the Dead), 2016
كانت وكان وكانت الأخرى (She was, they were and the other one was), short stories, 2021
See also
Sudanese literature
List of Sudanese writers
Modern Arabic literature
References
Further reading
Mansour El Souwaim on literature in Sudan, 2010, on arablit.org
Mansour El Souwaim on new and inventive voices in Sudanese literature, 2022 on arablit.org
Mansour El-Souwaim's short story ‘The Gizzard Tree' translated by Nassir al-Sayied al-Nour on arablit.org
Sudanese male writers
Sudanese novelists
Sudanese male short story writers
Sudanese short story writers
People from Darfur
1970 births
Living people
20th-century Sudanese writers
21st-century Sudanese writers
20th-century male writers
Forbidden Fruit () is a 1952 French drama film directed by Henri Verneuil and starring Fernandel, Françoise Arnoul and Claude Nollier. Drawn from the novel Act of Passion (Lettre à mon juge) by Georges Simenon, it omits the book's grim resolution and instead invents a happy ending. The story it tells is of a doctor in a provincial city with a devoted wife and children who fall for a sexy but transient young woman and then loses them before their domestic and professional life are both ruined.
Plot
Left a widower with two small daughters who are looked after by their widowed mother, Dr Pellegrin is a general practitioner in the city of Arles. At a party they see a handsome and assured widow, Armande, who decides to be their next wife. Though they capably take over their house, their children and the administration of their practice, the relationship lacks passion. They meet a forward young woman, Martine, who has come to Arles to find work, and after an evening's drinking spends the night with them in a hotel.
Under a transparent story of them being referred to them as a patient, they introduce them into their house. Armande is sympathetic to the girl and suggests that they can work as Pellegrin's assistant, the pay enabling them to live in lodgings. Amid the constraints of their job and their marriage, Pellegrin snatches moments with Martine when they can, but if they have a drink or a dance with anyone else they become insanely jealous.
Unable to take the strain of this artificial life with no future, in a strange town where everybody knows the doctor and where their wife must by now know all, Martine decides to get out. Pellegrin rushes home to pack a bag and join her, but cannot find them at the railway station. Walking home despondent, they see them say goodbye to a man in a bar and get on a bus. Shattered, they return to their welcoming wife.
Cast
Fernandel as Dr. Charles Pellegrin
Françoise Arnoul as Martine Englebert
Claude Nollier as Armande Barthelémy, the doctor's second wife
Jacques Castelot as Boquet, owner of a bar
René Génin as Dr. Marchandeau
Fernand Sardou as Fontvielle
Jackie Sardou as The boy's mother
References
External links
1952 films
1952 drama films
French black-and-white films
Films based on Belgian novels
Films based on works by Georges Simenon
Films directed by Henri Verneuil
Adultery in films
French drama films
1950s French films
Alfred Sandham (19 November 1838 - 25 December 1910) was an early Canadian numismatist, best known as the original editor of the Canadian Antiquarian and Numismatic Journal, and for publishing one of the earliest books on Canadian tokens. Their Coins, tokens and medals of the Dominion of Canada was published in 1869, and was the first to attempt to describe all pre-Canadian confederation numismatic issues. The book focused on a description of the coins, tokens and medals relating to Canada, though it contained numerous illustrations, and Sandham also detailed the history of these pieces, where known. This work would be supplanted by the more comprehensive guides produced by P. N. Breton.
Notes
External links
Coins, tokens and medals of the Dominion of Canada, by Alfred Sandham, on Archive.org
Bibliography
Canadian numismatists
1838 births
1910 deaths
Jean-Baptiste De Coster (1896–1968) was a Belgian Jesuit who was recognised as Righteous Among the Nations for their role in sheltering Jews from Nazi persecution in German-occupied Belgium during World War II.
During the occupation, De Coster was the principal of the College of Saint John Berchmans in Brussels. De Coster used the school to hide Jews, particularly children, from Nazi persecution. Some refugees were also hidden by De Coster in a monastery and disguised as novice monks. Among others it is known that De Coster found a place to hide for the Blinder family. De Coster reportedly stated: "If these persecuted people are taken, I would have the consolation to leave with them."
De Coster was recognised as Righteous Among the Nations by Israel in 1975.
See also
Jesuits and Nazi Germany
References
External links
Jean-Baptist De Coster at Yad Vashem website
1896 births
1968 deaths
20th-century Belgian Jesuits
Belgian Righteous Among the Nations
Catholic Righteous Among the Nations
Belgian educators
Tn antigen refers to the monosaccharide structure N-acetylgalactosamine (GalNAc) linked to serine or threonine by a glycosidic bond, considered as an antigen. The initials stand for Thomsen-nouveau. Tn antigen is expressed in most carcinomas.
Addition of an additional galactose monosaccharide creates a disaccharide antigen: the Thomsen-Friedenreich antigen (Gal(b1-3)GalNAc). The sialyl Tn antigen (STn antigen) is formed by elongation with sialic acid (Neu5Ac(a2-6)GalNAc) rather than galactose.
References
Oncology
Immune system
Huang Xiaoyun (; born 22 December 1998), is a Chinese singer and actor of Bouyei ethnicity. They first gained recognition in the Chinese television talent show The Voice of China 4 in 2015 and later on in 2020, when they were a competitor on Hunan TV's Singer 2020.
Huang Xiaoyun is known for their vocals and wide vocal range, as well as their viral performance of "Upwards to the Moon" () on Sound of My Dream. The performance gained over 10 million views on YouTube.
Early life
On 22 December 1998, Huang Xiaoyun was born in Longping Town, Luodian County, Qiannan Buyei and Miao Autonomous Prefecture, Guizhou, China. Them parents discovered that they were able to accurately hum the tune of music being played when they were 6 months old and their father taught them how to play the drums when they were 2. Soon afterwards, they participated as a drummer in a band organised by their parents, known as "Le Wanjia". After that, they studied how to play the piano and guzheng. In the following years, they participated in local singing competitions every year and achieved positive results. When they were in the third year of middle school, they went to Guiyang every weekend to learn bel canto, to the pass the entrance exam for the high school affiliated to the Central Conservatory of Music. In September they were admitted with satisfactory results and continued to study bel canto.
Career
2015: The Voice of China
In 2015, Huang Xiaoyun participated in the fourth season of The Voice of China and sang Jam Hsiao's song "You" (你) in the "blind audition" stage, during which both Yu Chengqing and Wang Feng turned around, and they finally decided to join the latter's team. Later on, they sang Sun Nan's "I Believe" and Yao Beina's "Fish" (鱼) in the "mentor assessment" stage, becoming one of the top 4 students of Wang Feng's team and also top 16 overall, but their performance caused some controversy. In the Cross Battle round, they sang Eric Carmen's "All by Myself", but ended up losing the Cross Battle and was eliminated.
2016–2019: Acting debut, first singles released and Sound of My Dream
In September 2016, they and Zhang Bolin, who was also a student of The Voice of China, together appeared in the online drama series "You Music Me" (薛定谔的猫), in which they were cast as "Ai Xiaoxin". In July 2017, they played a recurring role as "Ai Xiaoxin" in the online drama series "Young & Cool" (少年有点酷). On 14 December, they released their first single, "Campaign" (征战), in which they tried adding the element of rapping for the first time. On 31 December, they released their second single, "Can We Still Love" (还可以爱吗). On 7 May 2018, they released their first self-composed single "Open" (打开).
In December, they participated on Zhejiang TV's music show Sound of My Dream (season 3), and their first performance of "Upwards to the Moon" 左手指月 went viral. Other songs they performed in the show include "The Light At That Time" (那时的光), "Unparalleled in the World" (天下无双), "The Story of Time" (光阴的故事) and "Same Moonlight" (一样的月光).
2020-present: Singer 2020, other variety shows and first solo album
In January 2020, they represented the Central Conservatory of Music in the Zhejiang TV music program 新声请指教.
In February, they participated as a Surprise Challenger in the Hunan TV music program Singer 2020, entitled Year of the Hits (歌手·当打之年). In the first round, they challenged Mao Buyi and successfully proceeded to the next round. However, a number of Chinese netizens accused them of being discourteous and having low EQ, as Mao had only started to sing the first few lyrics before they requested to challenge him. Since then, some netizens also discovered that the song they sang in the episode, "Life of Planet" by Mayday, was not on any music platform because Mango TV did not buy the copyright. After the third round of the competition, they were at the bottom of the overall rankings and was eventually eliminated. They returned for the breakout round of the show and chose to challenge Jike Junyi, but their challenge failed and they did not proceed to the finals. On 11 April, they also participated as a guest singer in Zhejiang TV's music program, The Treasured Voice.
In May, they and Zheng Shuang, Xiong Ziqi, and Liu Wei together formed the "President of the Star Trading Company" team in the Youku e-commerce variety show "Arrival of the Best-seller! 2" (爆款来了2). They were also the contributing artist to the show's theme song.
On 16 November, their first solo music album, "Huang Xiaoyun's Neverland", was released.
Artistry
Voice and timbre
Huang Xiaoyun is a soprano.
Discography
Singles
Filmography
Television Series
Variety Shows
References
External links
Huang Xiaoyun on QQ Music
Huang Xiaoyun on NetEase Music
Huang Xiaoyun on Kuwo Music
Huang Xiaoyun on Spotify
1998 births
Living people
Chinese Mandopop singers
21st-century Chinese women singers
Singers from Guizhou
Actresses from Guizhou
Bouyei people
FC Iserlohn 46/49 is a German association football club from the city of Iserlohn, North Rhine-Westphalia, formed in 2012 from the merger of SF Oestrich-Iserlohn founded in 1949 and TuS Iserlohn which was established in 1846 as a gymnastics club and did not have a football section until 1947.
History
Among the club's predecessor side was Oestricher Fußballclub which was formed in 1911 and later merged with the football department of Turnverein Oestrich von 1881. Like other German organizations, including sports and football associations, the club was dissolved by occupying Allied authorities after World War II. It was re-established as Fußballverein Sportfreunde Oestrich on 10 September 1949 and in 1975 adopted its current name.
Until the mid-1970s the team played in the city and district circuits until earning promotion to the Landesliga Westfalen in 1975. Just three years later they again moved up, this time to the Verbandsliga Westfalen (V). They played there until 1995 when they won honours as league champions and advanced to the Oberliga Westfalen (IV). The Sportfreunde earned mid-to-lower table results as an Oberliga side until a 17th-place finish in 2002 returned them to fifth division competition.
In 2006, the club earned a second-place result but was promoted to the Oberliga over first place DSC Wanne-Eickel when that club was denied a license. In 2008, it became part of to the new NRW-Liga (V) where they finished second from bottom and were relegated to the Verbandsliga (VI) the next year. Another demotion in 2012 saw the club enter Landesliga Westfalen 2 (VII) but before the new season opened, it joined TuS Iserlohn to become FC Iserlohn. The merged club won the Landesliga 2 title in 2013 to send it back to the renamed Westfalenliga, where they play today.
Honours
The club's honours:
Landesliga Westfalen
Champions: 1975, 2013
Verbandsliga Westfalen
Champions: 1995
Runners-up: 2006
External links
Football clubs in Germany
Football clubs in North Rhine-Westphalia
Iserlohn
Association football clubs established in 1949
1949 establishments in Germany
Hyalesthes obsoletus is a bug species in the genus Hyalesthes.
H. obsoletus is the vector of the black wood disease of grapevine.
References
Insect vectors of plant pathogens
Insects described in 1865
Cixiidae
The Pakfront was a defensive military tactic developed by the German forces on the Eastern Front during the Second World War. It was named after the phonetic pronunciation of the acronym nomenclature for German towed anti-tank guns, PaK (PanzerabwehrKanone, "tank defense cannon"). The Soviets soon copied the tactic, and used it to great effect at the Battle of Kursk in July 1943.
German tactic
During the large Soviet armoured attacks on the Eastern front in late 1941–1942, the Germans quickly realised that their anti-tank guns, operating individually or in small groups, and with no central commander, were quickly overwhelmed.
The pakfront was developed to counter this. A group of up to ten guns were placed under the command of one officer. They were responsible for designating targets and directing the fire of their guns. This allowed the Germans to spring particularly effective anti-tank ambushes, with all guns being assigned separate targets and then firing at once, maximizing surprise and minimizing the chance for return fire.
Soviet tactic
The tactic was found to be extremely effective, and soon the Soviets had copied it, often using multiple pakfronts in co-operation with minefields, anti-tank ditches, and other obstacles to channel the enemy armour into their fields of fire. The size and efficiency of such defenses was directly proportional to the amount of time granted to prepare them, with one report commenting it was not uncommon for the Red Army to lay 30,000 mines in a sector within two or three days. Since the 1930s, Soviet doctrine had been to employ large numbers of anti-tank guns in areas, but the German tactic enabled them to better exploit their numbers as well as Russian expertise in camouflage. A German tank commander commented that minefields and pakfronts could not be detected until the trap was sprung. Mines protecting pakfronts were particularly effective due to the Germans' lack of specialized mine clearing vehicles.
The Soviets also developed an extension of the ambush tactic in which all the guns would target one particularly valuable or heavily armored target and fire on command, the combined impacts essentially guaranteeing an instant kill. This technique was especially effective against German command tanks because it generally caused a catastrophic kill ("K-kill") that minimized any chance for the command team to escape, and heavy tanks like the Tiger I that might have otherwise needed dozens of separate hits to disable. To counter the effectiveness of the Soviet pakfront, the Germans developed the panzerkeil ("armoured wedge"), but this offensive tactic had limited effectiveness.
The Soviet method of employing pakfronts included establishing "anti-tank zones" (Russian: противотанковые районы protivotankovyje rajony) in staggered patterns with multiple pak-groups' ("anti-tank base-of-fire points", Russian: противотанковые опорные пункты protivotankovyje opornyje punkty) firing sectors intertwined, to amplify the effect of the tactic.
By 1943, Soviet doctrine was to protect any new gains with pakfronts to defeat the inevitable German counterattack as the Germans attempted to regain lost territory and initiative.
At the Battle of Kursk in July 1943, Soviet pakfronts slowed the German attack in the south and completely halted the northern German force. The panzerkeil was shown to be an inadequate countermeasure. The long preparation period afforded to the Red Army allowed for the salient to achieve unprecedented size and sophistication.
References
External links
Soviet defensive positions, organised as anti-tank zones and strongpoints during the Battle of Kursk, 5 July 1943
Defensive tactics
Tactical formations
German words and phrases
Anti-tank artillery units and formations
The Rescue (1837–1850) is a large marble sculpture group which was assembled in front of the east façade of the United States Capitol building and exhibited there from 1853 until 1958, when it was removed and never restored. The sculptural ensemble was created by sculptor Horatio Greenough (1805–1852) who had previously been commissioned by the U.S. government to create a massive sculpture, George Washington (1832–1841) for the Capitol rotunda, also now removed from that site.
Description
The Rescue depicts a confrontation between a bellicose American Indian warrior and a pioneer family. At the left rear of the group, a crouching pioneer woman desperately clasps a small child. To the front, an outsized frontiersman forcibly prevents a tomahawk-wielding Indian from brutally murdering their family. The heroic rescuer, however, refrains from injuring their adversary and displays a total mastery of the situation as well as a certain compassion for their enemy. The vengeful Indian warrior is rendered impotent and childlike. (His posture is loosely based on the central figure of the ancient Laocoön sculpture group.) The frontiersman's helmet-like headgear is fashioned like a Renaissance cap. To the right, the family dog looks on.
The Rescue was displayed to the right of the large staircase of the east façade of the U.S. Capitol. To the left of the staircase was another sculpture, Luigi Persico's Discovery of America (1837–1850) that depicts a triumphant Christopher Columbus and a cowering Indian maiden. The final composition for Discovery resembled James Buchanan's description: “Whilst they are thus standing upon the shore, a female savage, with awe and wonder depicted in their countenance, is gazing upon him."
History and meaning
Greenough wrote that The Rescue was meant to "commemorate the dangers & difficulty of peopling our continent, and which shall also serve as a memorial of the Indian race", but also "to convey the idea of the triumph of the whites over the savage tribes". The group has also been seen as rationalizing Andrew Jackson's "Indian Removal" policy of the 1830s. Although Greenough did not name the rescuer, the public recognized them as Daniel Boone and the statuary was widely known as "Daniel Boone Protects Their Family."
In 1939, a joint resolution submitted to—but not passed by—the U.S. House of Representatives recommended that The Rescue be "...ground into dust, and scattered to the four winds, that no more remembrance may be perpetuated of our barbaric past, and that it may not be a constant reminder to our American Indian citizens…" Several other protests, including by American Indian groups, were made in the intervening years and in 1958, both Discovery and Rescue were removed from the east façade in preparation for the building's extension. They were placed in storage and—without public discussion—never restored.
Fate
In 1976, a crane accidentally dropped The Rescue while moving it to a new Smithsonian storage area in Maryland, thus reducing it to several fragments. Today they lie next to Discovery, also said to be in poor condition.
In a collaboration between the Middlebury College Museum of Art and the Office of the Architect of the Capitol, the pioneer's dog from The Rescue was exhibited during a temporary show, "Horatio Greenough: An American Sculptor's Drawings" in late 1999.
References
External links
1850 sculptures
1850s establishments in Washington, D.C.
Destroyed sculptures
Sculptures of dogs in the United States
Marble sculptures in Washington, D.C.
Outdoor sculptures in Washington, D.C.
Public art in Washington, D.C.
Relocated buildings and structures in Washington, D.C.
Sculptures by Horatio Greenough
Sculptures of men in Washington, D.C.
Sculptures of Native Americans in Washington, D.C.
Sculptures of the Smithsonian Institution
United States Capitol statues
The Fort Payne Opera House, located at 510 Gault Avenue North in Fort Payne, DeKalb County in the U.S. state of Alabama built during the industrial boom in 1889. The Fort Payne Opera House is the only one in the State of Alabama still in use. The establishment has been used as a movie theater, live theater and a public forum. The Opera House still hosts live theatrical events and is on the National Register of Historic Places and the National Register of 19th Century Theaters in America. Completely restored, the Opera House is a cultural center of the community.
References
Theatres in Alabama
National Register of Historic Places in DeKalb County, Alabama
Theatres on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
Buildings and structures in DeKalb County, Alabama
Opera houses on the National Register of Historic Places
Event venues on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
Opera houses in Alabama
In theater, a shell (also known as an acoustical shell, choral shell or bandshell) is a curved, hard surface designed to reflect sound towards an audience.
Often shells are designed to be removable, either rolling away on wheels or lifting into a flyspace. Shells are most commonly used for orchestras, bands and choirs, although they can also be used in any application that requires passive sound amplification. Shells are generally made of hard materials because they are designed to absorb as little sound as possible.
History
Acoustical shells were developed to focus sound outward in one direction as opposed to the ″sound in the round″ diffused from all sides of the open gazebo bandstand. In the United States they were built in large city parks and amusement parks as bands increased in size.
Free−standing outdoor shells in a variety of styles were built starting in the 1890s. Professional architects were often employed to design them with varying degrees of acoustical success. The Hollywood Bowl shell, based on a 1928 prototype by Lloyd Wright, has been rebuilt several times with the present structure being the fifth on that site.
Rectangular pavilions with enclosed shell and stage like the example pictured in Boise, Idaho were in use after 1900. These proved very effective as outdoor performing venues, and many are still in use.
See also
Amphitheatre
Bandstand
Hollywood Bowl
List of contemporary amphitheatres
Fly system
Parts of a theatre
Theatrical sound production
Buildings and structures by type
This table shows an overview of the protected heritage sites in the Walloon town Genepiën, or Genappe. This list is part of Belgium's national heritage.
|}
See also
Lists of protected heritage sites in Walloon Brabant
Genappe
References
Belgian heritage register: Direction générale opérationnelle - Aménagement du territoire, Logement, Patrimoine et Energie (DG4)
www.dglive.be
Genappe
Genappe
Hata Teruo (Japanese: 秦 テルヲ; 20 March 1887, Hiroshima – 25 December 1945, Kyoto) was a Japanese painter and graphic artist. In their works, they attempted to synthesize the nihonga and yōga styles. Many of their later works have Buddhist themes.
Life and work
Their family was apparently Christian. They lost their father at the age of nine, which resulted in straitened economic circumstances. Nevertheless, they were able to graduate from the Municipal School of Arts and Crafts (now the Kyoto City University of Arts); intending to become an industrial designer to support their family. At first, they painted in Kyoto and Kōbe, focusing on scenes from the hard lives of the working poor and their meager living quarters. In 1909, they joined an organization of young painters known as the "Heigo Group", named after one of the Heavenly Stems in the sexagenary cycle, meaning "To Strike".
The following year, they also joined the short-lived "Black Cat Group", founded by , Tsuchida Bakusen and . Following the breakup of that group, they never joined any others. In 1913, together with , they established the "Banka-Teruo Exhibition" in Kyoto, as a protest against the official government exhibition.
After 1914 they led a restless life, living in Osaka, Kōbe and Tokyo, where they painted bleak industrial scenes and graphic portraits of prostitutes. Following a serious illness in 1919, they got married and when their first child was born, in 1921, they settled in the village of Kamo. At that time, they became interested in the works of Paul Gauguin and began to create paintings with Buddhist themes, having become disillusioned with Christianity. In 1929, they moved into central Kyoto. During the Pacific War they focused on small drawings; mostly with a melancholy content.
 They are now remembered largely for their idiosyncratic portrayals of mothers and their children.
Sources
"Hata Teruo" In: Kyōto no Nihonga 1910–1930, (exhibition catalog) National Museum of Modern Art, Kyoto, 1986. .
Laurance P. Roberts: "Hata Teruo". In: A Dictionary of Japanese Artists. Weatherhill, 1976. .
Further reading
John D. Szostak, " Two Paths to the Pure Land: The Niga-byakudō Theme and the Modernist Buddhist Art of Hada Teruo", Archives of Asian Art, Vol. 57 (2007), pp. 121–150
External links
Selected drawings in the collection of the National Museum of Modern Art, Tokyo.
1887 births
1945 deaths
Nihonga painters
Buddhist artists
Artists from Kyoto
Yōga painters
The 1994 Barking and Dagenham Council election took place on 5 May 1994 to elect members of Barking and Dagenham London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Labour party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
117 candidates nominated in total. Labour again ran a full slate (48) and was the only party to do so, whilst the Liberal Democrats ran 47. By contrast the Conservative Party ran only 12 candidates.
Election result
Labour continued to win a large majority of seats - 44 out of 48. The Residents Association held their 3 seats. The Liberal Democrats won 1 seat.
Ward results
Abbey
Alibon
Becontree
Cambell
Chadwell Heath
Eastbrook
Eastbury
Fanshawe
Gascoigne
Goresbrook
Heath
Longbridge
Manor
Marks Gate
Parsloes
River
Thames
Triptons
Valence
Village
By-elections between 1994 and 1998
Manor
The by-election was called following the resignation of Cllr. Alastair Hannah-Rogers.
Parsloes
The by-election was called following the death of Cllr. Joseph A. Butler.
References
1994
1994 London Borough council elections
Ihlen can refer to:
Ihlen, Minnesota, a city in Pipestone County, Minnesota, United States
Nils Claus Ihlen, Norwegian diplomat
German exonym for the village Īle, Latvia
Archaic name for Ila, Norway, site of Ila Prison
is a Japanese manga series written by Kazuma Kamachi and illustrated by Motoi Fuyukawa, which began serialization in the April 2007 issue of ASCII Media Works' Dengeki Daioh magazine. The manga is a spin-off of Kamachi's A Certain Magical Index light novel series, taking place before and during the events of the main story. Seven Seas Entertainment began publishing the series in North America in June 2011. An anime television series adaptation by J.C.Staff aired in Japan between October 2009 and March 2010, followed by an original video animation released in October 2010. A second season titled A Certain Scientific Railgun S aired between April and September 2013. A spin-off manga series titled A Certain Scientific Railgun: Astral Buddy began serialization in Dengeki Daioh from April 2017 to July 2020. A third season titled A Certain Scientific Railgun T aired between January and September 2020.
Plot
In the futuristic Academy City, which is made up of 80% students, many of whom are espers possessing unique psychic powers, Mikoto Misaka is an electromaster who is the third strongest of a mere seven espers who have been given the rank of Level 5. The series focuses on the exploits of Mikoto and their friends; Kuroko Shirai, Kazari Uiharu, and Ruiko Saten, prior to and during the events of A Certain Magical Index.
Media
Manga
A Certain Scientific Railgun is illustrated by Motoi Fuyukawa and started serialization in the April 2007 issue of ASCII Media Works' Dengeki Daioh. The first volume was released on November 10, 2007 and as of February 26, 2022, 17 volumes have been published. North American publisher Seven Seas Entertainment began distributing the Railgun manga from June 2011.
Anime
A 24-episode anime television series adaptation that was produced by J.C. Staff and directed by Tatsuyuki Nagai aired in Japan between October 3, 2009 and March 20, 2010. The anime was collected into eight DVD and Blu-ray Disc sets released between January 29 and August 27, 2010, with each volume containing a short story series titled A Certain Magical Index: Kanzaki SS. The series was licensed in North America by Funimation, who released the series on DVD on April 16, 2013. A bonus episode was included with a visual book released on July 24, 2010, and an original video animation (OVA) was released in Japan on October 29, 2010.
A 24-episode second season, also directed by Nagai, titled A Certain Scientific Railgun S, aired in Japan between April 12 and September 27, 2013. It was simulcast by Funimation, who released the series on DVD in North America in two parts on July 1, 2014 and August 19, 2014, respectively. Another bonus episode was released with a visual book released on March 27, 2014.
A third season titled A Certain Scientific Railgun T aired from January 10 to September 25, 2020. The third season ran for 25 episodes. Two bonus anime are set to be released from the third season's first and fifth Blu-Ray/DVD volumes. Unlike previous seasons, the season was simulcasted on both Funimation and Crunchyroll, with Crunchyroll streaming the series in Japanese with English subtitles, and Funimation streaming the English dub. The three seasons, including the OVA, were released on Hulu in Japan on March 24, 2022.
Music
The anime adaptation of A Certain Scientific Railgun has five pieces of theme music, two opening themes and three ending themes. The first opening theme is "Only My Railgun" by fripSide, and the first ending theme is by Elisa. The song "Smile (You & Me)" by Elisa, which uses the same tune as "Dear My Friend (Mada Minu Mirai e)", is featured as the ending theme for episode twelve. The second opening theme is "Level 5 Judgelight" by fripSide and the third ending theme is "Real Force" by Elisa. "Only My Railgun" appears in Konami's arcade music games Pop'n Music 20: Fantasia, Dance Dance Revolution X2 and Jubeat Knit. For the OVA, the opening theme music is "Future Gazer" by fripSide, the single of which was released on October 13, 2010, while the ending theme is "Special One" by Elisa, the single of which was released on October 27, 2010. The opening theme for the A Certain Scientific Railgun PSP game is "Way to answer" by fripSide.
For A Certain Scientific Railgun S, it has six pieces of theme music, two opening themes and four ending themes. The first opening theme is "Sister's Noise" by fripSide and the first ending theme is "Grow Slowly" by Yuka Iguchi, the latter of which was released on May 15, 2013. The song "stand still" by Iguchi is featured as the second ending theme for episodes 11 and 14. The second opening theme is "Eternal Reality" by fripSide and the third ending theme is "Links" by Sachika Misawa. The song "Infinia" by Misawa is featured as the fourth ending theme for episode 23.
For A Certain Scientific Railgun T, the first opening theme is "final phase" by fripSide and the first ending theme is "nameless story" by Kishida Kyoudan & The Akeboshi Rockets. The second opening theme is "dual existence" by fripSide, and the second ending theme is "Aoarashi no Ato de" (lit. "After the summer storm") by sajou no hana.
Video games
A visual novel based on A Certain Scientific Railgun for the PSP was released on December 8, 2011 after facing several delays, and comes in a special edition which includes a Kuroko Shirai Figma figure. Fuji Shoji released a pachinko based on the series, titled A Certain Scientific Railgun P, on January 24, 2022.
Light novel
A light novel consisting of four stories about Mikoto, Kuroko, Kazari, and Ruiko was released in Japan on June 10, 2022. It is written by Kamachi and illustrated by Kiyotaka Haimura, Fuyukawa, Chuya Kogino, Arata Yamaji, Yasuhito Nogi, Teto Tachitsu, and Nankyoku Kisaragi.
Reception
Four manga volumes distributed by Seven Seas Entertainment have been featured on The New York Times manga bestsellers list, with the most frequently listed (A Certain Scientific Railgun vol. 7) staying on the list for 4 weeks.
The opening theme music for the first season of A Certain Scientific Railgun, "Only My Railgun", won Best Theme Song at the 2010 Animation Kobe Awards. In September 2020, the anime series garnered over 300 million views in China through the Chinese streaming platform Bilibili.
Nicoletta Christina Browne of THEM Anime Reviews had mixed feelings on the first season of the series. Comparing the series to Aoi Hana, Bodacious Space Pirates, and Inari Kon Kon, they criticized the relationships between the characters but praised the narrative it adds to the Index franchise.
Notes
References
External links
A Certain Scientific Railgun official website
A Certain Scientific Railgun at Funimation
A Certain Magical Index
2007 manga
2009 anime television series debuts
2010 anime OVAs
2013 anime television series debuts
2020 anime television series debuts
Adventure anime and manga
Anime series based on manga
ASCII Media Works games
ASCII Media Works manga
Dengeki Daioh
Fiction about psychic powers
Funimation
Japan-exclusive video games
J.C.Staff
Kadokawa Dwango franchises
NBCUniversal Entertainment Japan
PlayStation Portable games
PlayStation Portable-only games
Science fiction anime and manga
Seven Seas Entertainment titles
Shōnen manga
Video games developed in Japan
Works published under a pseudonym
Muse Communication
Rocky Branch is a stream entirely within Wayne County, Kentucky. It is a tributary of Kennedy Creek.
Rocky Branch was named for the rocks in and around its course.
See also
List of rivers of Kentucky
References
Rivers of Wayne County, Kentucky
Rivers of Kentucky
Charlotte de Lannoy (d. September 1626) was a French court official. They served as Première dame d'honneur to the queen of France, Anne of Austria, from 1624 until 1626.
Life
Charlotte de Lannoy was the daughter of Christophe, seigneur de Lannoy, gouverneur de Montreuil.
They were appointed to the head of queen Anne's household by Cardinal de Richelieu, to whom they were loyal, and their appointment was therefore not well seen by the queen. de Lannoy, who was described as a "respectable matron", was in service during the famous incident during the journey of the court to the coast in 1625, when the queen was famously courted by George Villiers, 1st Duke of Buckingham, a courtship which de Lannoy attempted to prevent and left a report on to the king.
References
1626 deaths
17th-century French people
French ladies-in-waiting
Court of Louis XIII
Household of Anne of Austria
Cybook Gen3 is a 6-inch (15.2 cm) e-reader for reading e-books and periodicals, and it can be used to listen to MP3 and audiobook files. It was produced by the French company Bookeen.
Description
The Cybook Gen3 is a reading device based on E Ink screen technology. Its screen possesses a paper-like high contrast appearance and is readable under direct sunlight. The device offers a battery lifetime of 8,000-page flips. The Cybook Gen3 reads many file formats and offers access to a wide range of digital documents. A Secure Digital card slot allows for expanded storage. To a host computer the Cybook Gen3 functions as a typical USB mass storage device, which allows for copying books from a computer. For this reason it is supported on all major operating systems, including Linux.
The device uses TrueType fonts (.ttf), and can also be used as an image viewer to display JPEG, GIF and PNG files, as well as to play MP3 files. The Cybook Gen3 supports PDF files, however it doesn't reflow text and early firmware did not allow zooming in on documents. Current firmware revisions support ten levels of zoom and allow scrolling around the page, making the device suitable for reading many PDF files. However, very large PDF files take a long time to display once the file is selected. Some PDF files also cause the firmware to crash, which requires a hard reset by pressing the small button on the back side.
The Cybook Gen3 runs Linux as its underlying operating system. While the firmware source code is mostly open-source, the Mobipocket reader application which allows the display of DRM-protected content is closed-source.
See also
Comparison of e-book readers
Comparison of tablet computers
Cybook Opus - A newer product from Bookeen
References
External links
Official website
Bookeen Cybook Gen3 dedicated forum
MobileRead Wiki entry
The Future of Things comprehensive review of the Cybook Gen3
Dedicated ebook devices
de:Cybook Gen3
Kim Sung-joo (Hangul: 김성주; Sungjoo Kim; born 1956 in Daegu, Korea) – Founder, Chairperson and Chief Visionary Officer of Sungjoo Group (founded 1990) and MCM Holding AG. In 2005 Sungjoo Group acquired MCM Holding AG, a German luxury fashion brand founded in Munich in 1976.
Kim was selected as a Global Leader of Tomorrow by the World Economic Forum in Davos in 1997 and received the Ethics in Business Award from the EU government in 2009. In 2012 they were listed in Forbes' Top 50 Asian Business Women, selected as one of Asia's 25 Hottest CEOs by Fortune and invited by the United Nations be part of “Innovation 101” at the Decide Now Act summit. Kim served as Co-Chair of the Presidential Campaign Committee for Park Geun-hye.
In 2014 Kim was named president of the Korean Red Cross, the first female to hold the post. In 2015, received an honorary Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) for their contribution to strengthening bilateral ties between the United Kingdom and the Republic of Korea.
Published works
Awards
1997: "Global Leaders for Tomorrow" by World Economic Forum
1999: "The 20 Most Powerful International Businesswomen" by Working Woman
2001: "7 most powerful women in Asia" by Asiaweek
2002: "Pride of Korea Grand Prize Winner" by Korean Press Association
2003: "New Century Leaders" by CNN for The Best of Asia
2004: "75 Top Powerful Women Around the World" by Bilanz
2004: "Woman of the Year Award" from the Korean National Council of Women
2005: "Korean Women Leadership Award" for Young Leader, from YWCA Korea
2007: "Spirit of Asian America" Gala Honorees by AAFNY (Asian American Federation of New York)
2007: "100 People to Enlighten the world 2007" by Korean Green Foundation
2008: "WLE Compass Award" by Women's Leadership Exchange
2011: Doctor Honoris Causa from Business School Lausanne
2015: "Honorary Officer of the Order of the British Empire"
References
External links
1956 births
Living people
South Korean chief executives
South Korean women in business
Amherst College alumni
20th-century South Korean businesspeople
21st-century South Korean businesspeople
20th-century business persons
21st-century business persons
Emmanuel Fisher (25 September 1921 – 22 July 2001) was a British composer and conductor who was best known for leading the London Jewish Male Choir for 21 years.
During World War II, Fisher served in the British Ambulance Units that were involved in humanitarian rescue work at the liberated Bergen-Belsen concentration camp. Their work was dramatized in the 2007 Channel 4 film The Relief of Belsen, with Fisher portrayed by Iddo Goldberg.
References
1921 births
2001 deaths
British male composers
20th-century British male musicians
Lester Daniel Lowther (November 10, 1892 – February 21, 1974) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. They played with the Toronto Blueshirts of the National Hockey Association.
References
1892 births
1974 deaths
Canadian ice hockey centres
Ice hockey people from Nova Scotia
People from Amherst, Nova Scotia
Toronto Blueshirts players
Women of Glamour is a 1937 American comedy film directed by Gordon Wiles and starring Virginia Bruce, Melvyn Douglas and Reginald Denny.
It is a remake of the 1930 film Ladies of Leisure, which was itself based on the 1926 silent film Ladies of Leisure. The film's sets were designed by the art director Stephen Goosson.
Main cast
Virginia Bruce as Gloria Hudson
Melvyn Douglas as Richard 'Dick' Stark
Reginald Denny as Fritz 'Frederick' Eagan
Pert Kelton as Nan LaRoque
Leona Maricle as Carol Coulter
Thurston Hall as Mr. Stark
Mary Forbes as Mrs. Stark
Maurice Cass as Caldwell
Clarissa Selwynne as Woman
References
Bibliography
Goble, Alan. The Complete Index to Literary Sources in Film. Walter de Gruyter, 1999.
External links
1937 films
1937 comedy films
American comedy films
Films directed by Gordon Wiles
Columbia Pictures films
Remakes of American films
American black-and-white films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Fa'atiga Lemalu (born 17 April 1989) is a New Zealand-born, Samoan international rugby union footballer who plays as a lock.
Lemalu played their professional rugby for the Munakata Sanix Blues in Fukuoka, Japan after joining them in 2013. They were also named in the new Japanese squad which who made their first appearance Super Rugby for the 2016 season.
In 2017, Lemalu joined UK powerhouse club Saracens towards the later stage of the season as an injury cover during their 2016-17 Premiership Rugby campaign.
Lemalu would go on to play for Auckland Rugby, later becoming the champions of the 2018 Mitre 10 Cup in New Zealand since 2007.
Lemalu is a full international for having made their debut in a match against in 2012, missing the 2015 Rugby World Cup due to injury.
Yorkshire Carnegie strengthened their squad in November 2018 with the capture of Samoan international second row for the remainder of the 2018-2019 Greene King IPA Championship season.
At the beginning of the 2019 IPA Green King Championship, Cornish Pirates secured Lemalu on a two year deal which saw them make 19 appearances before heading back to New Zealand signing with Manawatu Turbos for the upcoming Bunnings NPC 2021 season.
References
1989 births
Living people
New Zealand rugby union players
Samoa international rugby union players
Samoan expatriate rugby union players
Samoan expatriate sportspeople in Japan
Expatriate rugby union players in Japan
Rugby union locks
Munakata Sanix Blues players
Sunwolves players
Auckland rugby union players
Rugby union players from Auckland
New Zealand people of Samoan descent
Samoan rugby union players
Rugby union flankers
Rugby union number eights
Saracens F.C. players
Leeds Tykes players
Cornish Pirates players
Manawatu rugby union players
Gumbasia is a 3-minute short film released on September 2, 1953, the first clay animation produced by Art Clokey. They used the same technique to create the classic characters Gumby and Davey and Goliath.
Production
Clokey created Gumbasia while a student at the University of Southern California under the direction of Slavko Vorkapić. In their father's garage, they worked the clay on a ping-pong table. The film is a surreal short of pulsating shapes and lumps of clay set to jazz music in a homage of Walt Disney's Fantasia.
Gumbasia was created in a style Vorkapić taught, called Kinesthetic Film Principles and described as "massaging of the eye cells". Based on camera movements and stop-motion editing, this provides much of the look and feel of Gumby films.
When Clokey showed Gumbasia to film producer Sam Engel in 1955, Engel funded a 15-minute short film that became the first Gumby episode, "Gumby Goes to the Moon". Based on that episode, a TV series titled Fun in Gumbasia was scheduled for release in mid-2017.
References
External links
Article at Gumbyworld.com
Premavision/Clokey Productions
ArtClokey: the First 50 Years
1955 films
Clay animation films
Articles containing video clips
1955 animated films
Abstract animation
Animated films without speech
American animated short films
1955 short films
1950s stop-motion animated films
1950s American films
1950s American animated films
¿Quién mató a Patricia Soler? is a 2015 Spanish-language telenovela produced by RTI Producciones for Colombia-based television network RCN Televisión. The program is fifth in a series of remakes of the 1981 Chilean telenovela La madrastra.
Plot
17 years ago a group of friends, partners of a jeweler's emporium, traveled on business to New York. One night, Sara Fernández, wife of Sebastián Sinisterra, president of the company is surprised with the body of Patricia Soler with the revolver in their hands.  They are brought to trial, where one of Sebastian's partners, Samuel, who is in love with Sara, testifies against them for not responding to their feelings, causing them to be sentenced to life imprisonment.
In prison, Sara, transformed into a tough woman, has a unique hobby to make beautiful pieces of silver jewelry, art that passes to their cellmate, who ends up telling them story. Because of their sentence, Sara loses custody of their two young children, Lucia and Camilo, and suffers terribly from the injustice committed by Sebastian, who divorced them and left them to rot in jail forever. Now the only thoughts that motivate Sara's life are: to obtain their freedom, recover their children and unmask Patricia's real killer to finally do justice.
Meanwhile, Sebastian and the rest of the partners continue with their lives. Joaquín and Florencia have managed to have a good status while Ricardo and Daniela, losing their fortune on bad investments, Ricardo tries to marry their niece Silvia to Sebastian in order to recover the lost wealth. Samuel never regrets having lied against Sara, while Alba and Carmen, Sebastian's aunts, maintain their stock in the company and their leadership in the house. Also, their children Camilo and Lucia, along with Diego (son of Patricia) and Rodrigo (Younger son of Carmen), have joined the management of the jeweler's emporium.
After a pardon is obtained by Sara's lawyer, Sara finally obtains their freedom and returns to the country seeking to recover their dignity and do justice to Patricia's death. As the story progresses, suspects are discarded and there are only three people left who went on that trip and could be the probable murderers. Finally, Sara discovers who really killed Patricia and in the final confrontation with the killer, they are about to die, but Sebastian saves them by delivering the real murderer to the authorities to pay for all the crimes that were committed.
Cast
Géraldine Zivic - Patricia Soler
Itatí Cantoral - Sara Fernández "Isabel"
Miguel de Miguel - Sebastián Sinisterra
Juan de Dios Ortíz - Ricardo Sotomayor
Kristina Lilley - Alba Sinisterra
Natalia Ramírez - Carmen Sinisterra
Juan Pablo Franco - Samuel Gutiérrez
Ricardo Vélez - Joaquín Delgado
Andrea López - Florencia Ríos
Paula Barreto - Daniela Contreras
César Mora - Da Vinci
Carlos Hurtado - El Pulpo
Sandra Itzel - Lucía Sinisterra
Luz Stella Luengas - Ángela
José Daniel Cristancho - Camilo Sinisterra
Santiago Gómez - Rodrigo Gutiérrez
Ricardo Mejía - Diego
Juan Manuel Restrepo - Miguel Tobón
Isabel Cristina Estrada - Angélica
Ana Wills - Silvia
Alejandro López - Fernando Ramírez
Franártur Duque - Taxista
Natalia Giraldo - Rebeca
Margalida Castro - Madre Victoria
Carlos Felipe Sanchez - Pablo
Milena Ribero - Valeria
Aldemar Correa - Carlos
Samuel Zuluaga - Ramón
|}
References
External links
2015 Colombian television series debuts
2015 Colombian television series endings
RCN Televisión telenovelas
Spanish-language telenovelas
Colombian telenovelas
2015 telenovelas
Television shows set in Bogotá
Television shows set in New York City
Nicolas Nyengerai (born 1961) is a Zimbabwean long-distance runner who specialized in the marathon.
They participated at the 1987 and 1995 World Cross Country Championships. Their marathon wins came at the 1992 Belgrade Marathon, the 1995 Zwolle Marathon and the 1995 All-Africa Games.
Their personal best time was 2:15:38 hours, achieved in November 1998 at Zanzibar.
References
1961 births
Living people
Zimbabwean male marathon runners
Athletes (track and field) at the 1995 All-Africa Games
African Games gold medalists for Zimbabwe
African Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
The Sheriffs (Scotland) Act 1747 (21 Geo.II c.19) was an Act of the Parliament of Great Britain which applied only to Scotland. It stated that anyone who was prosecuted on or after 1 April 1748 for treason or misprision of treason could be tried anywhere in Scotland if the crime had been committed in any of the shires of Dunbartain, Stirling, Perth, Kincardine, Aberdeen, Inverness, Nairn, Cromarty, Argyll, Forfarshire, Banff, Sutherland, Caithness, Elgine, Ross, and Orkney. Normally a crime had to be tried in the shire where it had been committed. The Act also said that in such a trial, the jurors could come from adjoining counties, instead of (as would otherwise be the case) the county where the trial was held.
It also provided that Their Majesty's Advocate could move the trial to the High Court of Justiciary, and that peers had the right to be tried by their peers. These provisions expired after seven years, but were later revived again for another seven years in 1760 by another Act, 33 Geo.II c.26.
Notes
References
The Scots Statutes Revised. W Green and Sons. 1899. Volume 1. Page 80.
The Public General Statutes Affecting Scotland. William Blackwood and Sons. Edinburgh. 1876. Volume 1. Pages 121 and 122.
Statutes at Large, vol. XIX, Danby Pickering, Cambridge University Press, 1765.
Walker. A Legal History of Scotland. W Green. 1988. Volume 6. Pages 356 and 454. 2004. Volume 7. Page 633.
Robson and Rodger. The Spaces of Justice: The Architecture of the Scottish Court. Farleigh Dickinson University Press. Rowman & Littlefield Publishing Group. 2018. Pages 34 and 36.
See also
Treason Act
Jurors (Scotland) Act 1745
Great Britain Acts of Parliament 1747
Treason in Scotland
Acts of the Parliament of Great Britain concerning Scotland
1747 in Scotland
Scottish criminal law
Jacobite rising of 1745
Jurisdiction
Esther Thelen (May 20, 1941 – December 29, 2004) was an expert in the field of developmental psychology. Thelen's research was focused on human development, especially in the area of infant development.
Thelen was also president of the Society for Research in Child Development and the International Society for Infant Studies. They were a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science and American Psychological Society.
Infant development
Thelen is known for their works on infant development, particularly those that focused on complex movement and behavioral development. Thelen applied chaos theory to the research of how babies learn to walk and interact with the world around them. In Thelen's view behavior emerges as a pattern from all the streams that flow into the river of infant development. Or, as they wrote "The mind simply does not exist as something decoupled from the body and experience". They suggested that an infant already has basic motor patterns at birth as demonstrated by stepping reflex and spontaneous kicking.
Development model
Thelen's works expanded Gerald Edelman's model of development by proposing a broader conceptualization of development. Edelman, in their theory of neuronal development, showed that development occurs in the brain between neuro-networks that overlap and interconnect. The epigenetic process of neural development is grounded in the idea of experience-dependent changes which is development or growth by selectively and simultaneously reinforcing neural pathways. As children, humans are constantly moving and interacting. Visual and kinematic information becomes mapped together in the brain and the pathways are strengthened and retained through every interaction. When the child encounters a novel or new skill, the child takes a similar previously learned motor map and applies it to the new novel skill. As the novel skill develops into a new behavior, it then in turn can be used to help develop future skills. Recurrent activities in the world reinforce this Dynamical systems theory of development and helps explain the constructivist view of the Developmental Systems Theory. Thelen's contribution in this area involves the notion that the nature of physical development is not absolute but flexible.
According to Thelen, development is self-reorganization (with the self pertaining to the system instead of the psychoanalytic self) that emerges due to the interaction of the system/organization/person with another or the environment.
Neural connections
Edelman used the terms reentrant and degenerate in order to describe these complex neural connections. Reentrant was defined as a complex interwoven system in which the output can feed back into the input. Reentry is a two way straight that can run in parallel. Degenerate was explained by saying that the pathway can be jointly determined by multiple causes and isn't determined by just one thing. This joint determination by multiple causality is one major theme of developmental systems theory that also overlaps with the dynamical systems theory by Esther Thelen. An example of how multiple causes can lead to one action is human movement. In the body, the brain can send many different signals to cause movements such as speech. These signals sent from the brain go to many different muscles in order to control the movement as we speak a word. Figure 3 (shown at right) shows in a very simplistic way the directionality of the neural connections.
Embodiment in perseverative reaching
Esther Thelen used A-not-B error as an example of how movement is complex. In figure 6, Esther Thelen illustrated the use of movement parameters in the decision for the infant to move to either A position or B position. As stated in the dynamical systems theory in order for movement to occur, the control parameter must be scaled up above the threshold. The input given to the child by the placing of the toy or the hinting at a certain cover is the specific input. This also factors into the decisions needing to be made in order for the child to make a movement towards the toy. Making a decision as to where to move and the actual movement towards the toy is time dependent. Three aspects factor into the time taken in making this decision and making the movement. These factors include transiet and tonic visual input and the infants memory of the toy location. The task input begins with the first movement towards the toy. After the second time for the child to reach for the toy after it has been hidden under the cover the child is using specific input. This specific input is from their memory of their first time reaching for the toy. This input is displayed in Figure 7. After making that first move towards position A, a memory has been formed. By the time the second movement towards position A occurs, more input is allowed to contribute to the decision. However, after many movements towards position A, this memory becomes very strong. Despite showing the child that the toy is at position B the child will still move towards position A seeking the toy. This can be displayed in Figures 8 and 9.
References
Developmental psychologists
Systems psychologists
Neuropsychologists
Cognitive scientists
1941 births
2004 deaths
People from Brooklyn
The Golden Valley County Courthouse is a historic courthouse in the city of Beach in Golden Valley County, North Dakota. The courthouse was built in 1923 in the Federal Revival style; it is one of two courthouses in North Dakota to have been built in this style, the other being the Logan County Courthouse. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 14, 1985.
References
External links
Courthouses on the National Register of Historic Places in North Dakota
Government buildings completed in 1923
County courthouses in North Dakota
National Register of Historic Places in Golden Valley County, North Dakota
Federal architecture in North Dakota
1923 establishments in North Dakota
In mathematics, a power of three is a number of the form where is an integer – that is, the result of exponentiation with number three as the base and integer as the exponent.
Applications
The powers of three give the place values in the ternary numeral system.
In graph theory, powers of three appear in the Moon–Moser bound on the number of maximal independent sets of an -vertex graph, and in the time analysis of the Bron–Kerbosch algorithm for finding these sets. Several important strongly regular graphs also have a number of vertices that is a power of three, including the Brouwer–Haemers graph (81 vertices), Berlekamp–van Lint–Seidel graph (243 vertices), and Games graph (729 vertices).
In enumerative combinatorics, there are signed subsets of a set of elements. In polyhedral combinatorics, the hypercube and all other Hanner polytopes have a number of faces (not counting the empty set as a face) that is a power of three. For example, a , or square, has 4 vertices, 4 edges and 1 face, and . Kalai's conjecture states that this is the minimum possible number of faces for a centrally symmetric polytope.
In recreational mathematics and fractal geometry, inverse power-of-three lengths occur in the constructions leading to the Koch snowflake, Cantor set, Sierpinski carpet and Menger sponge, in the number of elements in the construction steps for a Sierpinski triangle, and in many formulas related to these sets. There are possible states in an -disk Tower of Hanoi puzzle or vertices in its associated Hanoi graph. In a balance puzzle with weighing steps, there are possible outcomes (sequences where the scale tilts left or right or stays balanced); powers of three often arise in the solutions to these puzzles, and it has been suggested that (for similar reasons) the powers of three would make an ideal system of coins.
In number theory, all powers of three are perfect totient numbers. The sums of distinct powers of three form a Stanley sequence, the lexicographically the smallest sequence that does not contain an arithmetic progression of three elements. A conjecture of Paul Erdős states that this sequence contains no powers of two other than 1, 4, and 256.
Graham's number, an enormous number arising from a proof in Ramsey theory, is (in the version popularized by Martin Gardner) a power of three.
However, the actual publication of the proof by Ronald Graham used a different number.
The 0th to 63rd powers of three
See also
Power of 10
References
Integers
Cadarian Raines (born October 12, 1990) is an American professional basketball player for Beroe of the NBL. Standing at 2.06 m (6'9"), they play the power forward and the center positions. After playing four years of college basketball at Virginia Tech, Raines entered the 2014 NBA draft, but they were not selected in the draft's two rounds.
High school career
Raines played high school basketball at Petersburg, where they were coached by Bill Lawson. Raines led the Crimson Wave to a 30-1 record and a 14-0 in district action. As a senior, they averaged 15.6 points, 9.8 rebounds, 3.8 blocks and 1.6 assists per game. They also earned First-team All-State and first team All-Metro as a senior and was the MVP of the Fort Lee Tournament
Professional career
After going undrafted in the 2014 NBA draft, Raines joined Villa Angela of the Argentine second division. They left the club until December 31, 2014, after averaging 8.8 points and 6.5 rebounds per game. They then joined Mono Vampire at Thailand. With Mono Vampire, they won the Thailand League.
The following season, Raines joined Al-Arabi of the Qatari Basketball League. Due to their poor performances, they were released from the Qatari team on November. On February 23, 2016, they signed with IRT Tanger of the Moroccan League until the end of the season.
On November 12, 2016, Raines signed with Apollon Limassol of the Cypriot League. With Apollon, Raines played at the Cypriot League All-Star Games of both 2017 and 2018.
On January 24, 2017, Raines signed with Apollon Patras of the Greek Basket League, replacing Michael Cobbins on the team's squad. On April 14, 2017, Raines signed with the Lebanese team Club Sagesse.
Raines has since played for USK Praha of the NBL among other teams.
References
External links
RealGM profile
EuroBasket profile
Sports-Reference profile
1990 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Argentina
American expatriate basketball people in Australia
American expatriate basketball people in Cyprus
American expatriate basketball people in the Czech Republic
American expatriate basketball people in Greece
American expatriate basketball people in Lebanon
American expatriate basketball people in Morocco
American expatriate basketball people in Qatar
American expatriate basketball people in Thailand
American men's basketball players
Apollon Limassol BC players
Apollon Patras B.C. players
Basketball players from Virginia
Centers (basketball)
Greek Basket League players
Power forwards (basketball)
Sportspeople from Petersburg, Virginia
USK Praha players
Virginia Tech Hokies men's basketball players
The buff-browed foliage-gleaner (Syndactyla rufosuperciliata) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae.
It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Ecuador, Paraguay, Peru, and Uruguay.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
References
buff-browed foliage-gleaner
Birds of Brazil
Birds of Uruguay
Birds of Argentina
Birds of the Puna grassland
buff-browed foliage-gleaner
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Patricia De Martelaere (16 April 1957 – 4 March 2009) was a Flemish philosopher, professor, author and essayist. Born in Zottegem, Belgium, their full name was Patricia Marie Madeleine Godelieve. They graduated in philosophy from the Catholic University of Leuven and then taught and lectured there and at the Catholic University of Brussels.
They died in Wezemaal on 4 March 2009 at the age of 51 from complications of a brain tumor.
Academic career
De Martelaere studied philosophy at the Catholic University of Leuven , where they received their Ph.D. in 1984; the topic of their dissertation is the skepticism of David Hume. They became a professor in the philosophy department there, teaching Contemporary Philosophy, the Philosophy of Language, and Taoism, while publishing articles on Hume, Schopenhauer, Nietzsche, Freud, Wittgenstein, Derrida, Laozi (Lao-Tzu or Lao-tze), and Zhuangzi. They also served as a professor at the Catholic University in Brussels for the 2007-08 academic year. They were awarded an honorary doctorate for their lifetime achievements on 29 January 2009, during the 20th anniversary observance at the University for Humanistic Studies in Utrecht.
Author
De Martelaere was known not only for their academic work, but also as an author of novels and essays. They made their literary debut at age fourteen with the youth novel King of the Jungle. Them first novel for adults was Nachtboek van een slapeloze (Night Book of an Insomniac) published in Belgium in 1988 and awarded the Prize for Best Debut. They then published De schilder en zijn model (The Painter and Theirs Model, 1989), Littekens (Scars, 1990), and De staart (The Tail, 1992). In 1994 their collection of essays Een verlangen naar ontroostbaarheid (A Longing for Inconsolability) received the J. Greshoff Award. In 1997 they published another essay collection, Verrassingen (Surprises), which earned them the Belgian State Prize for Essay and Criticism. In 2004, more than a decade after their previous novel, they unexpectedly published Het onverwachte antwoord (The Unexpected Answer), which was nominated for both the AKO and Libris Literature Prizes and won the audience award at the Golden Owl.
Stefan Hertmans, De Morgen called them "a literary essayist--not only because of the attractive, almost Montaigne-like form they use when writing their essays, but also because of the place they insist on reserving for art, dreams, and desire in their critical mental exercises. Time and again they provide a convenient gloss of a major theory which they then uses as a basis to logically justify their commentary or to subtly push the reasoning one step further."
Literary Themes
De Martelaere was reluctant to seek publicity and preferred their work to speak for itself. They rarely gave interviews, instead writing essays and giving lectures about their field, ideas, work as an author. Them primary theme was to examine with great lucidity and philosophical insight the world of everyday life, death, and change, including both scientific and literary perspectives. Them literary works were realized by observing reality and processing their observations into ideas and metaphors. In one of their rare interviews they described their method as "plagiarizing reality."
They achieved considerable success in Flanders and the Netherlands with their first collection of essays, Een verlangen naar ontroostbaarheid (A Longing for Inconsolability: About Life, Art and Death), with sales over 15,000 copies. De Martelaere treats ostensibly difficult subjects such as Wittgenstein, Freud, art, religion, diaries, and love in ways that are philosophically serious without alienating the general reader. One review hails "her obstinacy, perverse and infectious sense of humour, courtly style, and deep erudition."
Verrassingen (Surprises) was their next collection of eleven essays, the first of which is "Home: A Place to Get Sick of". They alternate between literature and philosophy, referring to Freud, Jung, Stendhal, and Valéry, asserting that "home is where the boredom is: a kind of psychic relaxation that makes psychological space for the re-emergence of inspiration." In "The Exemplary Writer" they question the position of Richard Rorty that literature is best used to promote feelings of solidarity and empathy between people. From both ethics and literature they consider the mystery by which artists may attempt to reveal in their art more than what can be seen or said. This ethical meaning of art should never be made subordinate to an interpretation or message.
The essay "Prescribed Variations" on concepts such as "seeing", "longing", "body" and "moon" "have the density of aphorisms and reveal De Martelaere's astounding capacity to express complex material clearly while immediately linking it to a challenging vision. An essay, as they state earlier in the book, is born of the paradoxical desire to explain and adorn reality, it longs to explore and to embellish. It is like a trial marriage between Einstein and Marilyn Monroe."
In The Unexpected Answer they do not allow the writer, philosopher, husband, lover, and father Godfried H. to speak, but makes them instead the subject of six texts written from the points of view of the women who play a role in their life. The first draws their portrait. Initially they keep their distance, later they embark on an unexpected and brief relationship with him. Thus De Martelaere illustrates their claim that language is "not a tool" but "material" to an author.
Philosophical works
1984 - Hume, science and ordinary thinking (Ph.D. dissertation)
1987 - Hume's "moderate" Skepticism: futile or fatal? - Palace of the Academies, Brussels, 130 p.
1996 - The exemplary writer - Tilburg University Press, 28 p.
1996 - (ed.), Dubious thinking - History and forms of philosophical skepticism, Cook Agora / Pelckmans, Kampen / Chapels, 231 p.
1998 - A cold art - Studium Generale Maastricht.
1998 - Passions: Between ecstasy and discipline - (editorial + excess), Throw and Sticht Publishing, Baarn.
1998 - Belgian Endive (honoring Cornelis Verhoeven), Damon Publishing.
1999 - Something inside, Nijmegen University Press, Nijmegen, 1999. 16 p.
2000 - Weltfremdheit, Essays - Meulenhoff, Amsterdam, 159 p.
2001 - David Hume - with W. Lemmens, Pelckmans, Chapels, 192 p.
2001 - Who's afraid of death? - Valkhof Press / Titus Brandsma Institute, Nijmegen, 24 p.
2001 - Hume (Monographs), ed P. de Martelaere and W. Lemmens, Pelckmans / Agora, 192 p.
2002 - What remains - Foundation Month of Philosophy, 61 p.
2004 - The exquisite Hume: Hume Anthology of texts with introduction and commentary - (editorial, introduction and notes), Lannoo / Tielt and Boom / Amsterdam, 392 p.
2006 - Taoism - The road not to follow - Ambo, Amsterdam, 175 p.
2007 - What Remains - Essay, Em. Queridos publishing company, Amsterdam-Antwerp, 67 p.
Literary works: fiction and essays
1971 - King of the Jungle - (children's book), Gakko, 117 p.
1988 - Night Book of an Insomniac - De Clauwaert / den Gulden Engel, 1988 1, 133p. (Prize for the best debut); Querido, 2006 2
1989 - The painter and their model - Meulenhoff, Amsterdam, 124 p.
1990 - Scars - Meulenhoff / Kritak, Amsterdam / Leuven, 163 p.
1992 - The tail - Meulenhoff, Amsterdam, 140 p.
1993 - A desire for inconsolability: about life, art and death - Essays - Meulenhoff, Amsterdam.
1997 - Surprises - Essays - Meulenhoff, Amsterdam, 189 p, State Prize for essays and criticism..
2002 - Nothing says - Poetry, Meulenhoff.
2004 - The unexpected answer - Meulenhoff, Amsterdam, 2004, p 256, 2007, 288 p, winner Golden Owl 2005 nomination for the Ako and Libris Literature Prize
2009 - Dear God - co-author Jan Lauwereyns, Introduction, Dietsche Warande & Belfort 1 February 2009 154th year, p. 11;
2009 - "Is It You?", contribution under the title Dear God, Ibid., p. 12-17.
Bibliography (in original Dutch)
Hume, de wetenschap en het gewone denken (1984)
Hume's gematigd scepticisme: futiel of fataal? (1987)
Nachtboek van een slapeloze (1988)
De schilder en zijn model (1989)
Littekens (1990)
De staart (1992)
Een verlangen naar ontroostbaarheid (1993)
De voorbeeldige schrijver (1996)
Verrassingen (1997)
Een koude kunst (1998)
Passies (1998)
Iets binnenin (1999)
Wereldvreemdheid (2000)
Wie is er bang voor de dood? (2001)
Awards
Prize for the best debut - Night Book of an Insomniac, 1988
1994 - Jan Greshoff Prize for A desire for inconsolability, 1993
1997 - Staatsprijs voor essay en kritiek
2000 - Flemish Culture Prize for essay and criticism (1997-1999) for - Surprises, 1997
2005 - Golden Owl Literature Reader's Prize for The unexpected answer, 2004
2009 - Honorary Doctorate from University for Humanist Studies in Utrecht
2009 - Best magazine article in 2009 for "You Exist?", Celt prize organized by nonprofit umbrella organization of the Flemish Cultural and literary magazines, in collaboration with Knack.
See also
Flemish literature
References
Sources
Patricia De Martelaere (K.U. Brussel)
Patricia De Martelaere
Patricia De Martelaere
Obituaries
Michiel van Kempen op De Amsterdamse Lezing (The Amsterdam Lecture)
Marja Pruis in De Groene Amsterdammer (Green Amsterdam)
John Thackara op "Doors of Perception"
Toon Vandevelde op filosofie.be
External links
Profile in the Digital Library of Dutch Literature
Interview with Patricia De Martelaere in Observant
1957 births
2009 deaths
Belgian women writers
Flemish writers
KU Leuven alumni
KU Leuven faculty
Flemish women writers
People from Zottegem
Deaths from brain cancer in Belgium
The Nicola Valley Memorial Arena is a 1,000-seat multi-purpose year-round arena in Merritt, British Columbia, Canada. It is home to the Merritt Centennials ice hockey team, the Merritt Minor Hockey Association, recreational hockey, old-timers hockey, commercial hockey, and First Nations hockey programs.
Off-season activities include seasonal hockey schools, First Nations pow wows, home shows, bingos, ball hockey, roller skating, volleyball, and circuses.
The Arena is located on Mamette Avenue in downtown Merritt.
External links
Official website
British Columbia Hockey League arenas
Indoor arenas in British Columbia
Indoor ice hockey venues in Canada
Indoor lacrosse venues in Canada
Merritt Centennials
Sports venues in British Columbia
is a reservoir in Kawachinagano, Osaka Prefecture, Japan. It is for irrigation to paddy fields near this lake. It was made in the Edo period. Fishing is prohibited in the lake.
Summaries
Teragaike lies to the north of Kawachinagano, Osaka Prefecture, Japan. About 15 minutes walk from Chiyoda Station on Nankai Kōya Line.
Surrounding the lake is maintained esplanade, and people of the neighborhood utilize it for a stroll.
North bank
There are steles, a sluice of aqueducts for irrigation, a plaza, and playground equipment for training.
There are residential areas around the lake.
People can watch PL Art of Fireworks every year on August 1.
South bank
There are houses and fields around this area.
Teragaike Park
There are fountains and as the main area on the south side of the lake.
There are tennis courts, a small baseball park, a gateball court, and a civic swimming pool on the east side.
There is in Bentensan Plaza on the west side.
History
1649: played a key role, and originally they expanded the small pond which there was, and, for newly reclaiming a rice field, it was made. A total of about 40,000 was mobilized.
1969:Finished renovation
See also
List of dams and reservoirs
Reservoirs in Japan
Landforms of Osaka Prefecture
Tourist attractions in Osaka Prefecture
Chingiz Suleimanovich Labazanov (; born 18 April 1991 in Bolshaya Martynovka, Russia) is a Chechen-born Russian Greco-Roman wrestler. Senior world champion 2014.  They are winner Golden Grand Prix Ivan Poddubny in the Greco-Roman men's 74 kg event and 75 kg 2016, in final match they beat Olympic Champion Roman Vlasov.  They are silver medalist in Greco-Roman World Cup (two time) and gold medalist in World Greco-Roman Wrestling Championships 2014. They became Russian National Greco-Roman Wrestling Champion 2015 in 75 kg. They have older brother Ibragim Labazanov Olympic wrestler.
References
External links
1991 births
Chechen people
Living people
Russian male sport wrestlers
Chechen sportsmen
People from Martynovsky District
European Games bronze medalists for Russia
European Games medalists in wrestling
Wrestlers at the 2015 European Games
World Wrestling Championships medalists
Sportspeople from Rostov Oblast
Josef Hafellner (1951– ) is an Austrian mycologist and lichenologist. They were awarded the Acharius Medal in 2016 for their lifetime contributions to lichenology. Before their retirement, they were a Professor at the Karl-Franzens-Universität in Graz. Hafellner started developing an interest in lichens while they were a student at this institution, studying under Josef Poelt. They earned a master's degree in 1975 and a PhD in 1978, defending a doctoral thesis about the genus Karschia. In 2003, Hafellner received their habilitation. By this time, they had studied with French lichenologist André Bellemère (1927–2014) at Saint-Cloud, where they learned techniques of transmission electron microscopy and how their application in studying asci could be used in lichen systematics. Their 1984 work Studien in Richtung einer natürlicheren Gliederung der Sammelfamilien Lecanoraceae und Lecideaceae has been described as "probably the single most influential publication in lichen systematics in the latter half of the 20th century".
Their research interests include the classification and taxonomy of lichens and lichenicolous fungi and lichen floristics of the eastern European Alps. They have made about 100,000 scientific collections of specimens, including about 8000 lichenicolous fungi. Hafellner has introduced more than 600 scientific names to science, and as of 2016, authored or co-authored 289 scientific publications.
Eponymy
Hafellner has been honoured by having several taxa named after him, including five genera:
Fellhanera
Fellhaneropsis
Hafellia
Hafellnera
Henfellra
The following species are also named after Hafellner:
Arthonia pepei ; Biatora hafellneri ; Biatoropsis hafellneri ; Caloplaca hafellneri ; Capronia hafellneri ; Capronia josefhafellneri ; Dactylospora hafellneriana ; Enterographa fellhaneroides ; Hypotrachyna hafellneri ; Malcolmiella fellhaneroides ; Megalaria hafellneriana ; Opegrapha hafellneri ; Phaeosporobolus fellhanerae ; Schismatomma hafellneri ; Stigmidium hafellneri ; Triblidium hafellneri ; Trichoconis hafellneri ; Xanthoparmelia hafellneri ; Xanthoria hafellneri .
Selected works
A complete listing of Hafellner's 289 scientific publications up to 2016 is given in Grube and colleagues' commemorative article. Hafellner's major works include the following:
References
Cited literature
1951 births
Austrian lichenologists
Austrian mycologists
Acharius Medal recipients
Austrian taxonomists
University of Graz alumni
University of Graz faculty
20th-century Austrian scientists
21st-century Austrian scientists
Living people
Thomas Nunatak is the northern of two nunataks which stand close together about 17 nautical miles (31 km) west of the Camp Hills, in the Ellsworth Mountains. Named by the University of Minnesota Geological Party to these mountains, 1963–64, for Hollie Thomas, helicopter crew chief with the 62nd Transportation Corps Detachment, who assisted the party.
Nunataks of Ellsworth Land
Mount Cramer, at is the second highest peak in the Sawtooth Range of Idaho. The summit of Mount Cramer is located on the border of Custer and Boise Counties. The peak is the highest point in Boise County. Mount Cramer is also located within the Sawtooth Wilderness portion of the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The town of Stanley, Idaho is almost from Mount Cramer, while the area known as Sawtooth City is nearly from Mount Cramer. The west side of Mount Cramer drains into the South Fork of the Payette River, while the east side drains to the Salmon River.
Mount Cramer can be climbed in one day via the Hell Roaring Lake Trailhead, which is located down unmaintained Sawtooth National Forest road 398, west of Idaho Route 75. The last section of the hike and class 3 scrambles is off-trail.
See also
List of peaks of the Sawtooth Range (Idaho)
List of mountains of Idaho
List of mountain peaks of Idaho
List of mountain ranges in Idaho
References
External links
Peak Bagger—Thompson Peak
SummitPost.org—Thompson Peak
Idaho Summits—Mount Cramer
Sawtooth National Forest—Official Site
Mountains of Boise County, Idaho
Mountains of Custer County, Idaho
Mountains of Idaho
Sawtooth Wilderness
Balcony in the Forest () is a 1958 novel by the French writer Julien Gracq. It tells the story of a French lieutenant, Grange, who is assigned to a concrete antitank blockhouse in the forest of the Ardennes in the autumn of 1939, where they wait with three enlisted men for World War II to reach that section of France.
An English translation by Richard Howard was published in 1959. The book was the basis for a 1978 film with the same title directed by Michel Mitrani.
Reception
Max Bogart wrote in The Saturday Review: "Julien Gracq has written a sensitive and analytical study of men enmeshed in a phony war—a war that would ultimately result in the tragic, dramatic fall of France. ... Gracq's characterizations are vivid and the story is completely credible with one major exception: the lieutenant's love affair mars the narrative's development, for Mona, a young widow, is an elusive, shadowy figure, who not only puzzled Grange, but whose role in this story mystified this reader. ... The facile pen of the author is evident on every page, especially in the descriptive passages of the phantom forest, the seasonal landscape colors, and the beauty of nature in contrast with man's destructiveness in wartime."
References
External links
Balcony in the Forest at the French publisher's website
1958 French novels
Fiction set in 1939
Novels set in the 1930s
French novels adapted into films
French-language novels
Novels by Julien Gracq
Novels set during World War II
George Braziller books
Ardennes in fiction
The 2007 Swazi general strike has been ongoing since 25 July 2007, led by the Swaziland Federation of Trade Unions, the Swaziland Federation of Labour and the Swaziland National Association of Teachers. They plan to stage a two-hour full stoppage of public life every month until the incumbent absolute monarch Mswati III gives in to their demands: multi-party elections in October 2008, that benefits cease to be taxed and an end to absolute monarchy.
The first two-day stoppage occurred on 25 July in Manzini and on 26 July in Mbabane, when tens of thousands of workers demonstrated on the streets. The demonstrations constituted Swaziland's biggest civil movement for over a decade, since the last large-scale protests in 1996.
Government spokespersons denied the unions' and strikers' claims, stating that they should not demonstrate, but rather lobby the parliament, as only parliament has the power to change the constitution to allow multi-party elections.
On 2 August 2007, union representatives threatened further strikes if the government was not willing to listen, and also raised labour issues in addition to their political demands.
References
Swaziland
Strike
Strike
General strikes in Africa
Labour in Eswatini
Visicom Media is a developer focused on devising tools and software applications that improve user experience.
They are known for developing tools, platforms and software products for large publishers and partners such as Yahoo!, Comcast, Verizon, Time Warner and Panda Security.
History
Visicom Media was founded in 1996 by Patrice Carrénard, Dominique Tremblay and Nicolas Xanthopoulos. Since then, they have partnered with various brands in the world of distribution, development, and marketing.
Visicom's products include:
AceHTML Pro — editing software for HTML websites, similar to Microsoft FrontPage
AceFTP Pro
AceDesign Pro
VMN.net—search portal
DynamicToolbar.com and MyStartToolbar.com—browser toolbar for MyStart.com, also used by many third-party websites for branded toolbars
Toolbarcleaner.com
ManyCam.com, a virtual webcam for Windows & Mac.
MyStart.com, a homepage extension for web browsers.
Main products
ManyCam
ManyCam is a live video play software and virtual webcam for professionals and users looking to enhance their video conferences, live streams and online classes.
Mystart
MyStart combines smart start pages with integrated paid searches, creating revenue opportunities and providing users with images and tools.
Search products
As a syndicator of Yahoo's Sponsored Search Ad Play Feed for more than a decade, Visicom Media produces software that leverages Yahoo! Search to generate click-through revenue.
References
Brossard
Online companies of Canada
Companies based in Quebec
Koh Pich (, , lit. "Diamond Island") is a new district of Phnom Penh on the Mekong and Bassac rivers.
The land was a swamp until the year 2000, but it is now (2017) under work and could become the Phnom Penh residential district and a separate municipality.
A neighborhood named "Elysée" has a style inspired by Paris. In other areas, high towers are under construction.
Almost all of the island is in Chamkar Mon Section.
Education
The Canadian International School of Phnom Penh has its main campus in Koh Pich; this campus opened in 2015.
Gallery
The 2010 accident
Phnom Penh stampede
References
External links
Project for the island
A film
Islands of Cambodia
Planned cities in Cambodia
Osteochilus serokan is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Sumatra.
References
Taxa named by Renny Kurnia Hadiaty
Taxa named by Darrell J. Siebert
Fish described in 1998
Osteochilus
Autumn Marie Hurlbert (born 6 March 1980) is an American actor, singer, and dancer. Hurlbert is best known as the runner-up on the reality competition series Legally Blonde: The Musical – The Search for Elle Woods. After taping the competition, Hurlbert served as a member of the Broadway cast in Legally Blonde: The Musical until its closing on Oct 19, 2008. They also understudied the parts of Elle and Margot on Broadway. Ultimately, Hurlbert did headline as Elle Woods in an October 2012 version of the production, directed by Denis Jones in North Carolina.
Career
Hurlbert grew up in Mesa, Arizona and attended the University of Northern Colorado.
Hurlbert's credits include the first national tour of the musical Little Women and numerous regional and touring credits, including: Belle in Beauty & the Beast, Eponine in Les Miserablés, and Perón's Mistress in Evita. In 2009, Hurlbert was awarded the FringeNYC Overall Excellence Award for Outstanding Actor for originating the role of Abby Lawrence in the comedy A Contemporary American's Guide to a Successful Marriage, 1959.
Hurlbert starred as Rachel Hughes in the 2010 film Sudden Death!, written and directed by Adam Hall as their Masters thesis.
In November 2010, Hurlbert appeared with Phylicia Rashad in Marcus Gardley's new play every tongue confess, directed by Kenny Leon at the Arena Stage in Washington, D.C. Hurlbert received critical acclaim for originating the role of Benny Pride. Hilton Als of The New Yorker characterized their performance as "phenomenal".
Hurlbert made their Off-Broadway debut in 2011, starring in the Outer Critics Circle Award-nominated musical Tomorrow Morning at the York Theatre. Tomorrow Morning, with book, music, and lyrics by Laurence Mark Wythe, is a new musical about two couples.
In 2012, Hurlbert starred as Sybil in Noël Coward's Private Lives at the Huntington Theater in Boston, directed by Maria Aitken. This production was slated to return to the stage in 2014 at the Shakespeare Theatre Company, in Washington, D.C. Also in 2012, Hurlbert starred as Elle Woods in Legally Blonde: The Musical at the North Carolina Theatre.
They teamed up again with Hall in 2013 as a scientist named Taylor in the web-series Research, alongside Barry Bostwick and Doug Jones.
Hurlbert played Samantha in the Off-Broadway musical Nobody Loves You at Second Stage Theatre in 2013.
Hurlbert appeared in NBC's The Sound of Music Live! TV special on December 5, 2013, as Dancer #11.
In Spring 2014, Hurlbert reprised their role as Sybil in Private Lives, again under the direction of Maria Aiken. This production played at the Lansburg Theatre of the Shakespeare Theatre Company in Washington, D.C.
Hurlbert starred Off-Broadway in It's Only Kickball, Stupid, directed by Adam Fitzgerald in 2014.
They began performances as Portia in the US National Tour of Something Rotten!, starting on January 10, 2017.
References
External links
21st-century American dancers
American musical theatre actores
Living people
American stage actores
American film actores
People from Great Falls, Montana
Actresses from Montana
Place of birth missing (living people)
Singers from Montana
21st-century American actores
21st-century American singers
University of Northern Colorado alumni
American female dancers
Dancers from Montana
21st-century American women singers
1980 births
Basic Chess Endings (abbreviated BCE) is a book on chess endgames which was written by Grandmaster Reuben Fine and originally published on October 27, 1941. It is considered the first systematic book in English on the endgame phase of the game of chess. It is the best-known endgame book in English and is a classic piece of chess endgame literature. The book is dedicated to World Champion Emanuel Lasker, who died in 1941 (the year the book was published). It was revised in 2003 by Pal Benko.
Cecil Purdy said "... Basic Chess Endings is a monumental work, one of the most complete and authoritative on endgames in any language" .
History
Basic Chess Endings was written by Reuben Fine in only four months and was published in 1941 by McKay (a division of Random House) in hardback. The book used the now obsolete descriptive chess notation and used the old system of using the abbreviation "Kt" to stand for knight instead of the more modern "N".
In a 1984 interview, Fine said that it took them three months to write the book. They said that organizing the material gave them no trouble, but it was hard work coming up with example positions. They created many of the examples . There was a Hardback Limited Edition of 500 signed By Reuben Fine sold by USCF in the 1940s. The hardback edition was reprinted at least as late as 1960. The copyright was renewed in 1969 as the book went through many paperback impressions. The cover of the 1971 paperback printing is shown at the right. It went through ten printings in paperback by 1981.
Over the years, many errors were found, and many of them were published in Chess Life in the column by Larry Evans . Over one hundred such errors were found and a mimeographed list of them was printed and circulated by Paul L. Crane and Rev. David Chew. An 18-page booklet containing over 200 corrections was published by Samuel Louie in 1990 and 1993. Despite these errors, the book remained in print in its original form. After many years, editor Burt Hochberg finally convinced the publisher to create a new edition. Endgame expert Pal Benko, whose own copy of the book contained hand-written notes of almost all of the errors, did the revision. The revised edition was published in 2003, but only in paperback. Benko converted it to the now universally-accepted algebraic chess notation. They also added some new material based on more recent analysis and added many new examples. They made many corrections, but a few errors remain. For example, Benko repeats Fine's claim that the endgame of two bishops and a knight against a rook is drawn with correct play . In fact, endgame tablebases show that the three minor pieces win . Howard Staunton, without the aid of computer analysis, had recognized this over 150 years earlier . Bernhard Horwitz and Josef Kling gave the same appraisal in 1851 .
The original book contains 573 pages and 607 diagrams of positions. Many other positions were given by listing the location of the pieces rather than showing a diagram. The 2003 revision contains 587 pages with 1330 positions, most with diagrams.
Impact
Larry Evans listed it in their "basic chess library" and said that it was "distinguished by lucidity and keen organization" . Copies of the book are owned by many generations of chess players around the world. World Champion Mikhail Botvinnik considered it the best book on the endgame. Yuri Averbakh (who wrote the five-volume Comprehensive Chess Endings and Chess Endings: Essential Knowledge) based their research on this book.
Many other books have listed BCE as a reference, including Mastering the Endgame, Practical Endgame Play, and Starting Out: Pawn Endings by Glenn Flear; Fundamental Chess Endings and Secrets of Pawn Endings by Karsten Müller and Frank Lamprecht; How to Play Chess Endgames by Karsten Müller and Wolfgang Pajeken; Winning Chess Endings by Yasser Seirawan; Silman's Complete Endgame Course by Jeremy Silman; 101 Chess Endgame Tips by Stephen Giddins; Rook Endings by Grigory Levenfish and Vasily Smyslov; Tactical Chess Endings by John Nunn, On the Endgame by Cecil Purdy; and Essential Chess Endings by James Howell.
Chapters
The Elementary Mates
King and Pawn Endings
Knight and Pawn Endings
Bishop and Pawn Endings
Minor Piece Endings
Rook and Pawn Endings
Rook and Minor Pieces
Queen Endings
Conclusion and Summary
Twenty Rules for the Endgame
Except for the last two chapters, all of the other chapters have sub-chapters based on pawn distribution or positional factors. Many of those sub-chapters have sections and subsections.
Review by John Nunn
Grandmaster John Nunn wrote a review of Basic Chess Endings, both the original version and the revised edition. A paraphrasing of their review follows.
"This is a classic book... The quality of the general explanations is excellent and probably has never been surpassed. ... Fine is at their best when they give general descriptions and the book has been rightly praised for its instructional value. ... However, there are many errors in the concrete analysis of positions. ... The quality of the general explanations compensates for the errors and makes it well worth reading. ... The only exception is the chapter on queen endings, which has advanced greatly since 1941, and much of the material is seriously misleading."
On Benko's revision, "A chance to bring this classic up to date was squandered. ... The layout has been improved, but still many positions are without diagrams and some positions have been removed. ... There is a small amount of new material, but it is mostly from Benko's games and studies, and some of the new material has been added clumsily. ... The chapter on queen endings has not been changed to reflect the discoveries since 1941. ... The greatest disappointment is the failure to correct many of the errors in the original book, some of which are well-known. ... No systematic computer-checking of the analysis was done. ... Some(Out of around 900 mistakes) errors have been corrected but many remain. ... Despite this, the book is recommended for Fine's groundbreaking general explanations, but it is not completely accurate or up-to-date" .
See also
Chess endgame
Chess endgame literature
Notes
References
Chess books
Chess endgames
1941 in chess
Hanukkah in television, the Jewish holiday of Hanukkah (which commemorates the victory of the Maccabees over the Greeks), is represented and referenced to in a number of television series of various genres such as comedy, sitcom, drama, documentary, animated, children's, competitive, talk and reality television, among others. Through a number of cultural references, tropes, and plot devices. Hanukkah has been referenced in many different American television series, as well as Israeli, British television, Canadian, and French television, among others.
Hanukkah plays a minor role in the plot of some episodes of television series, and plays a more important role as the main plot device in others, such as in "A Rugrats Chanukah", among others.
Notable examples
A Rugrats Chanukah
References
Hanukkah
Television genres
In mathematics, a graph polynomial is a graph invariant whose values are polynomials. Invariants of this type are studied in algebraic graph theory.
Important graph polynomials include:
The characteristic polynomial, based on the graph's adjacency matrix.
The chromatic polynomial, a polynomial whose values at integer arguments give the number of colorings of the graph with that many colors.
The dichromatic polynomial, a 2-variable generalization of the chromatic polynomial
The flow polynomial, a polynomial whose values at integer arguments give the number of nowhere-zero flows with integer flow amounts modulo the argument.
The (inverse of the) Ihara zeta function, defined as a product of binomial terms corresponding to certain closed walks in a graph.
The Martin polynomial, used by Pierre Martin to study Euler tours
The matching polynomials, several different polynomials defined as the generating function of the matchings of a graph.
The reliability polynomial, a polynomial that describes the probability of remaining connected after independent edge failures
The Tutte polynomial, a polynomial in two variables that can be defined (after a small change of variables) as the generating function of the numbers of connected components of induced subgraphs of the given graph, parameterized by the number of vertices in the subgraph.
See also
Knot polynomial
References
Polynomials
Graph invariants
Valentin Ionuț Costache (; born 2 August 1998) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a winger or as an attacking midfielder for Liga I club Rapid București.
Club career
Dinamo București
Costache joined the youth setup of Dinamo București from hometown club CSȘ Videle in 2014. On 20 December the following year, they made their senior debut by coming on as a 62nd-minute substitute for Bogdan Gavrilă in a 1–1 Liga I draw against CFR Cluj. On 14 February 2016, they netted the only goal of a match against Botoșani in the same competition.
Costache was loaned out to second division side Afumați for the 2016–17 campaign, where they managed to score six goals from 23 games all competitions comprised. On 30 July 2017, they scored their first Dinamo goal upon their return to Bucharest in a 1–0 away victory over Liga I'm defending champions Viitorul Constanța.
CFR Cluj
During early November 2017, it was reported that Costache would be joining CFR Cluj in the approaching transfer window for a fee of €1 million. They were formally unveiled at their new team on 8 January 2018.
Over the course of four and a half seasons in Cluj-Napoca, Costache amassed totals of 145 games and 15 goals in all competitions, and also aided to seven domestic honours.
Rapid București
On 16 June 2022, Costache was transferred to fellow Liga I team Rapid București.
Career statistics
Club
Honours
Dinamo București
Cupa României runner-up: 2015–16
CFR Cluj
Liga I: 2017–18, 2018–19, 2019–20, 2020–21, 2021–22
Supercupa României: 2018, 2020; runner-up: 2019, 2021
References
External links
1998 births
Living people
People from Teleorman County
Romanian footballers
Association football wingers
Association football midfielders
Liga I players
Liga II players
FC Dinamo București players
CS Afumați players
CFR Cluj players
FC Rapid București players
Romania youth international footballers
Romania under-21 international footballers
Henry Herbert Shires (June 7, 1886 – April 29, 1961) was an American cleric who served as suffragan bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of California from 1950 to 1958. Shires are consecrated on September 29, 1950.
Born in Bernardsville, New Jersey, Shires studied at Cornell University and the General Theological Seminary. They were ordained deacon in 1911. In 1911, they married Mabel Clare Millis. Shires are ordained as a priest in 1912. After serving parishes in New Jersey, Arizona, and California, they became dean of the Church Divinity School of the Pacific in 1935. Shires are suffragan bishop of California from 1950 to 1958.
Shires retired in 1958 and died on April 29, 1961. Their son, Henry Millis Shires, became an Episcopal priest and was professor of New Testament at the Episcopal Theological Seminary in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
External links
1886 births
1961 deaths
20th-century American Episcopalians
Episcopal bishops of California
Delbar Jan Arman, also Dilbar Jan Arman Shinwari () is a politician from Jaji Maidan district of Khost, Afghanistan.  They are the ex-governor of Badghis Province.
Delbar Jan Arman has a military and academic background. In the 1970s, they studied for six years at the American Technical College, Kabul. They were also trained in the Afghan Army.
From 2005 till 2009 they were the governor of Zabul Province, Afghanistan. They were an anti-Soviet insurgent who fled to Pakistan during the Taliban's rule of Afghanistan. They were appointed governor of Zabul on 3 March 2005 by President Hamid Karzai. Delbar Jan Arman is known for their intimate involvement with the U.S. Provincial Reconstruction Team based in Qalat and their combined efforts to quickly deploy development projects across the province. In May 2009 they switched positions with Mohammad Ashraf Naseri. Delbar Jan Arman became governor of Badghis Province, Mohammad Ashraf Naseri took over the Government of Zabul Province.
References
Governors of Badghis Province
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Pashtun people
Governors of Zabul Province
Afghan expatriates in Pakistan
Afghan military personnel
Mujahideen members of the Soviet–Afghan War
People from Khost Province
The President of the Departmental Council of Corrèze (French: Président du conseil départemental de la Corrèze), until 2015 the President of the General Council of Corrèze (Président du conseil général de la Corrèze), prepares and supervises the spending of the budget and the decisions voted by the departmental councillors. The officeholder, who is in charge of financial management and heads the department's administration, has been Midi Corrézien's Pascal Coste of The Republicans since 2015.
Tasks and duties
The president has numerous functions: convening and chairing meetings, preparing and carrying out deliberations, signing conventions and acting as legal representative of the institution. If necessary, the president can delegate some of their functions to their vice presidents. The President of the Corrèze Departmental Council is assisted by seven vice presidents entrusted with different missions. Together they form the Bureau, which decides the main outlines of department policy and ensures their implementation.
List of officeholders
See also
Departmental Council of Corrèze
List of presidents of departmental councils (France)
External links
(fr) Corrèze Departmental Council Official website
Corrèze
Nōmi (能美) was a Mikura-class escort ship of Imperial Japanese Navy.
Construction and career
They were laid down on 1 June 1943 and launched on 30 October 1943 by the Hitachi Zosen Corporation Sakurajia Shipyard. They were commissioned on 25 January 1944.
1944
On June 23, Nōmi was released from the Yokosuka Naval District Operation Command and was removed from the Yokosuka Maritime Escort Flottila. On the 23rd of the same day, under the command of Operation Ominato Guard (Lt. Gen. Yasuo Inoue, Commander-in-Chief), they were transferred to the military division maritime escort unit. Belongs to the Soya Defense Force.
On the 27th, Nōmi arrived in Ominato, Aomori Prefecture. On the 28th, they were transferred to the Soya Defense Force (commander is Captain Tsuguo Chiba, commander of the Soya Defense Flotilla) along with the No. 15 submarine chaser. They arrive in Wakkanai, northern Hokkaido, on June 30. Since then, Nōmi has cooperated with the Northeast Area Fleet and engaged in convoy escort, patrol, and rescue in the Sakhalin, Kuril Islands, and Hokkaido areas. The 2nd Maritime Escort Flotilla, to which Nōmi belonged, was crushed in the Battle of Saipan because they had a headquarters on Saipan Island, and was dismissed on July 18.
On September 5, Nōmi and Namikaze escorted the K-505 fleet and departed from Otaru. On the night of the 8th, Namikaze was sunk by USS Seal, and their hull was cut off, making their inoperable. Nōmi was wary of the surroundings of the wave breeze and suppresses anti-submarine. The Ominato Guard Office dispatched destroyers such as Nokaze to rescue Namikaze and Kokugo Kaibo to escort the Ki-505 fleet. However, during this time, the Ki-505 fleet was unprotected. After that, Namikaze was towed by Kamikaze, and was escorted by destroyer Nokaze, Kaibokan Hachijo and Fukue (cooperating with escort from the middle) in Otaru.
The following morning, September 9, USS Seal raided the Ki-505 fleet, and they torpedoed the Shonan Maru sank. On the morning of the 10th, Nōmi passed the Shonan Maru, but they couldn't find any survivors. The 4 Ki-505 fleets, which had lost their escort, had been evacuated to Sakhalin Kaori, so Nōmi and Kunashiri moved there. Nōmi housed the survivors of the Shonan Maru, who had escaped on a large motorized boat. On the 15th, Nōmi and Kunigo continued to escort the Ki-505 fleet and set off Shiki. They arrived at Paramushir Island Kataoka Bay on the 22nd. On the 24th, they escorted the 403 fleet and left Kataoka Bay. Kunigo and Nōmi were divided by 18 of their passengers, 4 prisoners of war and 5 guards. The USS Searaven was operating in the same direction, and had already sunk the transport ship Riyama Maru.
On the morning of the 26th, the Wo-403 fleet, which was escorted by Kunigo and Nōmi, were dispersed due to thick fog at latitude 47 degrees 7 minutes north latitude 151 degrees 35 minutes east longitude. Nōmi searches for the missing fleet. From midnight on the 26th to early dawn on the 27th, Nōmi engaged with an enemy submarine at latitude 45 ° 44'N and longitude 148 ° 41'E, north of Etorofu Island, killing 7 people and injuring 16 seriously and lightly. They were hit by numerous bullets, and they were sent to Ominato for emergency repairs. They arrived in Otaru on the 29th. They departed Otaru on October 1 for a round trip to Ominato. They arrived at Ominato on the 2nd. They repaired in Ominato from the same day.
From December 4th to 11th, maintenance and magnetic difference correction were carried out at the Sasebo Naval Arsenal. On the 10th during maintenance, the 1st Maritime Escort Flotilla was reorganized into the 1st Escort Flotilla (Commander-in-Chief, Fukuji Kishi). On the 12th, the Mota-28 Convoy (Nōmi, Miyake, No. 20 Kaibokan, No. 112, No. 138, and 2 other vessels, unknown participating vessels) departed from Sasebo. On the 22nd, the Mota-28 fleet unit arrived in Kaohsiung, Taiwan. On the 25th, the Hi-85 fleet unit (commander Maj. Gen. Shibuya Shibuya) arrived in Kaohsiung, and both fleets were reorganized. 26th 09:00, Tama-38 Fleet Unit (Miyake, Nōmi, No. 20, No. 39, No. 112, No. 138, Shinshu Maru, Kibitsu Maru, Aobayama Maru, Hinata Maru) sortieed Kaohsiung. On the 29th, 1700, the Tama-38 fleet arrived at San Fernando, Luzon. The Aobayama Maru and the No. 20 Kaibokan sank in the anti-aircraft battle on the 30th, but the landing was generally successful.
1945
On February 4, 1945, they escorted s fleet and left Saigon, and on the 5th, they were transferred to the 1st Escort Flotilla under the control of the 1st Escort Fleet. They arrived in Singapore on the 6th. They left Singapore on the 11th, escorting their 88F-fleet (2 ships). Along the way, they go through Quinone Bay and Tourane, and the fleet calls at Hong Kong on the 24th to repair Nōmi. On the 26th, Noumi's repairs were completed and the fleet departed from Hong Kong. Arrived at Moji on March 8. They made a round trip to Kure on the same day and carried out repairs and maintenance, including weapons replacement, at the Kure Naval Arsenal. In the description of "The 1st Escort Flotilla (Kaibokan Noumi) War Diary", the Type 94 Depth Charge Projector was removed during the repair in Kure to make it a Type 3 Depth Charge Projector, and the underwater probe was tentatively called the Type 3 Depth Charge Projector. It is said that it was replaced with Kai II and equipped with No. 1 radio wave detector type 3 Kaiichi.
It was designated as the flagship of the 1st Escort Flotilla on March 20, under repair in Kure, and was boarded by Captain Akira Ikeda, Commander of the Sea Defense Corps. They were repaired on April 2nd and they were docked. They maintained and commissioned until the 8th, and on the 9th they were circulated to Moji. On the 11th, the escort group (Nōmi, Miyake, No. 31 Kaibokan) escorted the Moshi-02 fleet (special transport ship Toyama Maru, 3,943 tons, about 400 passengers) and departed from Moji. On the afternoon of the 13th, the Moshi-02 fleet unit arrived at the harbor on Jeju Island Hiyoshima, and three escorts (Nōmi, Umi 31, Miyake) were to take turns patrol. Before dawn on the 14th, the torpedo attack of USS Tirante that invaded the harbor caused a large explosion and sank the Toyama Maru. Nōmi pursued Tirante, but one of the two torpedoes fired by Tirante hit directly under Nōmi's bridge. Nōmi's ammunition detonated due to the explosion, and their hull was cut off and sank. About 130 crew members, including Colonel Ei Ikeda, commander of the 1st Escort Flotilla, and Major Saburo Agen, the captain of the Escort Corps, were killed in action. Tirante fired their last torpedo at their chased No. 31 Kaibokan. The torpedo they hit did not explode, but the impact triggered a depth charge on the No. 31 Kaibokan, which capsized and sank (39 killed in action). The only surviving Miyake, along with their supportive Kaibokan Aguni and No. 39 Kaibokan, carried out an anti-submarine sweep, but failed to capture Tirante.
On May 25, Nōmi was removed from the Imperial Japanese Navy.
References
Ships built by Hitachi Zosen Corporation
1943 ships
Ships sunk by American submarines
World War II shipwrecks in the Pacific Ocean
Naval magazine explosions
Propellants, Explosives and Rocket Motor Establishment, usually known for brevity as PERME, operated at two sites:
Waltham Abbey Royal Gunpowder Mills, known from 1977 as PERME Waltham Abbey
Rocket Propulsion Establishment established at RAF Westcott in 1946, also known as PERME Westcott
RAF Spadeadam, also known as the Rocket Establishment was not officially part of PERME but was often confused with it.
Research institutes in England
Rocket engines of the United Kingdom
Rocketry
Charbel Gomez (born 27 January 2001) is a Beninese international footballer who plays for French club Amiens and Amiens II, as a striker.
References
2001 births
Living people
People from Cotonou
Beninese footballers
Benin international footballers
Amiens SC players
Ligue 2 players
Championnat National 3 players
Association football forwards
Beninese expatriate footballers
Beninese expatriate sportspeople in France
Expatriate footballers in France
Journal of Biological Rhythms is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers focused on chronobiology, or any aspect of biological rhythms with a special emphasis on seasonal and circadian rhythms. However, papers on various other rhythms are also published in the Journal of Biological Rhythms. These publications can be primary reports of new discoveries, reviews, commentaries, or letters. As such, the authors of the publications have a diverse set of backgrounds and base their findings in areas like ecology, neurobiology and behavior, psychology and psychiatry, endocrinology, developmental biology, pharmacology, cell biology, biochemistry, genetics, molecular biology, and mathematical modeling. The Journal of Biological Rhythms has been in publication since 1986 and is currently published by SAGE Publications. The Journal of Biological Rhythms is the official publication of the Society for Research on Biological Rhythms. The journal's Chief Editor is William J Schwartz.
History
The journal was founded as the official publication of the Society for Research on Biological Rhythms. It released its first issue in March 1986, under first editor-in-chief Ben Rusak, who served from 1986 to 1994. The original Associate Editors were Gene Block, Serge Daan, Jerry Feldman, Bruce Goldman, Mike Menaker, Bob Moore, and Terry Page. The first issue largely focused on zoology and physiology, but over the years the field of discussion has expanded to include neurobiology, cell and molecular biology, photobiology, computational biology, behavioral ecology, and translational medicine. Early experiments focused on Syrian and Siberian hamsters, ground squirrels, and bubble snails. Since those first publications, experimental subjects represented in the journal have grown to be more diverse, as well as the techniques used to research them. The techniques mentioned in the first few publications involved behavioral and physiological monitoring, circumscribed brain lesions, melatonin radioimmunoassays, electroretinography, and electrophysiological recordings. Early research topics included “splitting,” circannual rhythmicity, photoperiodic time measurement, and circadian pacemaker development, coupling, and output.
The original publishing company before SAGE Publishing was Guilford Press. The cover of the first publication was a simple dark background with the name of the editor (Ben Rusak, served 1986-1994) and a list of the associate editors. By 1995, when a new journal design was selected by editor Fred Turek (1995-1999) for the 10th volume, the journal had already switched to SAGE Science Press. In 1997, they also changed the frequency of the journal from quarterly to bimonthly. There have been two new journal covers since the one from 1995, all in line with the themes of the journal.
The cover selected by editor Martin Zatz (2000-2013) in 2001 depicts a pendulum, representing time and oscillation. The most recent one selected by current editor-in-chief William J. Schwartz (2014–present) in 2016 shows the mechanistic perspective of the relationships between biological clocks, rhythms, entrainment, and other themes of chronobiology.
In 2001, under Editor-in-chief Martin Zatz, the journal began to release a number of special issues and special features, which have continued throughout the years:
Special Issues
Vol 16, issue 4 (August 2001), on seasonal timing
Vol 18, issue 3 (June 2003), on entrainment pathways
Vol 19, issue 5 (October 2004), on molecular and cellular clock components
Vol 20, issue 4 (August 2005), on human circadian rhythms
Vol 21, issue 6 (December 2006), on clock outputs
Special Features
In Vol 22, issue 3 (June 2007), on mathematical modeling
Vols 30 and 31 (2015, 2016), 17 reviews on body (peripheral) clocks
Scope
Journal of Biological Rhythms publishes papers on the understanding of basic nature, mechanisms, and functions underlying the generation, entrainment and expression of biological rhythms in plants, animals, and humans. The journal contains original research primarily on circadian and seasonal rhythms. It covers all aspects of biological rhythms, using genetic, biochemical, physiological, behavioral, epidemiological & modeling approaches, as well as clinical trials.
Themes
The Journal of Biological Rhythms covers topics in chronobiology, namely circadian and seasonal rhythms from a variety of different disciplines. Rhythms are placed within the context of their functional significance for the health and well-being of relevant organisms, including humans. The journal presents work that aims to understand the basic nature, mechanisms, and functions underlying rhythm generation, entrainment, and expression in plants, animals, and humans.
Publications
All Issues
Most Cited Publications
Most Read Publications
Publication Process
All publication submissions are processed through SAGE Publishing. Manuscripts that do not maintain sufficient quality and meet the aims and scope of the Journal of Biological Rhythms will not be reviewed. The journal is a member of the Committee on Publication Ethics and thus requests that all submissions abide by the Uniform Requirements for Manuscripts Submitted to Biomedical Journals formulated by the International Committee of Medical journal Editors (ICMJE). The researcher must have submitted an original manuscript that is neither being considered for publication elsewhere nor has been published elsewhere. For any copyright works that are not owned by the relevant researchers, it is required that they supply all necessary permissions for its reproduction.
The journal maintains no publication charges except in cases of heavy color printing and exceptionally long articles.
Editors
The journal's current Editor-in-Chief is William J. Schwartz, a professor in the department of neurology at The University of Texas at Austin. The journal's Deputy Editor is Dave Weaver, a professor at University of Massachusetts Medical School in the department of neurobiology. The journal's founding editor, Benjamin Rusak, teaches at Dalhousie University Faculty of Medicine in Nova Scotia, where they research the effects of sleep and circadian rhythms on human health. The second editor, Fred W. Turek, researches the genetic basis of sleep and circadian rhythms in the department of neurobiology at Northwestern University. Martin Zatz, a researcher at the National Institute for Mental Health best known for their work on the chick pineal gland, was the editor for the Journal of Biological Rhythms from 2000 to 2013. A collection of their editorials, often satirical in nature, was compiled by the Society for Research on Biological Rhythms, or SRBR.
List of Editors-in-Chief:
Benjamin Rusak (1986-1994)
Fred W. Turek (1995-1999)
Martin ("Marty") Zatz (2000-2013)
William ("Bill") Schwartz (2014–present)
Abstracting and indexing
Journal of Biological Rhythms is abstracted and indexed in, among other databases: SCOPUS, and the Social Sciences Citation Index.
Availability
The full journal is available online on the Journal of Biological Rhythms website through SAGE Publishing. All published issues can be accessed and are searchable by decade, volume, and issue. Articles that appear in each issue can be viewed online or downloaded as a PDF. Journal subscriptions are available at a variety of levels, including options for individuals and institutions for both print and online content. Target audiences include medical professionals and researchers in the field of chronobiology, though the journal's material is accessible to the general public.
Current article abstracts can be viewed on PubMed, with links to the full text redirecting to the Journal of Biological Rhythms website for viewing. Older article texts can also be requested on ResearchGate. The journal also publishes special publication collections consisting of selected articles on a chosen topic. These collections can be viewed on the journal website.
Impact and awards
According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2020 impact factor is 3.182. Impact factor is the average number of citations per publication by a given journal in a year, and serves as an indicator of readership and relevance. Research Gate gives the journal a 2015/2016 Impact Factor of 2.38. According to Sage Publications, the journal has a 2015 Five-Year Impact Factor of 3.167, ranking it 19th out of 86 journals under the Biology category, and 29th out of 83 journals under the Physiology category.
References
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
The Matador Saluting (French - Le Matador saluant ) is an oil on canvas painting produced by Édouard Manet between 1866 and 1867. Its precise date is unclear - Charles S. Moffett dates the first definite reference to the work to 1867, at an exhibition devoted to Manet's works at the pavillon de l'Alma.
Étienne Moreau-Nélaton and Adolphe Tabarant agree that Manet's brother Eugène was the model for the work. It was one of the works by Manet which were refused by the Paris Salon of 1866. The prefect allowed the artist to exhibit these works in their studio instead so long as they did not open the doors to the studio too wide. It shows a matador or torero receiving the crowd's applause after killing a bull, though the work's first buyer Théodore Duret instead argued that it shows a matador asking the crowd's permission to kill the bull.
Unlike the fantasy of Miss V Dressed as a Bullfighter, The Matador Saluting was produced after the artist's 1865 trip to Spain and shows their admiration for the country and its art. Charles S. Moffet argues that the work shows the inspiration Manet drew from the compositions and palette of Diego Velázquez and Francisco de Zurbarán. It was Manet's first large format work. Louisine Havemeyer hesitated before buying the work from Duret, fearing the painting's size would not be convenient for their husband, but eventually decided to buy it after Mary Cassatt affirmed that "It was exactly the format Manet wanted". In fact, Henry Osborne Havemeyer became obsessed with large format works and also bought Young Man Dressed as a Majo, another work from the artist's Spanish period. The two works were left to the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York in 1929. Miss V Dressed as a Bullfighter is also there.
References
Paintings by Édouard Manet
1866 paintings
1867 paintings
Paintings in the collection of the Metropolitan Museum of Art
This list of University of Texas at Austin buildings catalogs the currently existing structures on the campus of The University of Texas at Austin in Austin, Texas. Buildings are categorized based on their current functions and characteristics.
Academic facilities
Administrative buildings
Athletic and outdoor recreation facilities
Museums
Residential buildings
University Apartments
There are also three off-campus apartment complexes owned and operated by the university. They are Brackenridge Apartments, Colorado Apartments, and Gateway Apartments. The apartments are about from the main UT Austin campus. Eligible students include graduate students and undergraduate students who each have at least 30 credit hours and are in good academic standing. Brackenridge apartments are Family Housing; Colorado and Gateway Apartments are assigned by the bedroom to UT Austin Students.
Brackenridge Apartments is a part of the UT Austin Brackenridge tract, located along Lake Austin and Lady Bird Lake in western Austin. As of 2007 the units at Brackenridge Apartments do not have washers, dryers, and dishwashers. As of that year some units at Brackenridge do not have central air conditioning. As of that year the monthly rent for a three-bedroom apartment was $715. The university provides shuttle buses to the UT Austin campus. At Brackenridge Apartments many neighbors know each other and area children interact with one another. Many residents originate from other countries. Brackenridge is away from Colorado Apartments.
Colorado Apartments has 510 units. The rent at Colorado, as of 2007, was half of the Austin apartment market rate. In 2007 540 students lived in the complex; about 70% come from outside of the United States. Of the spouses of the students, many are unable to work because their visas do not permit them to work.
The Colorado and Brackenridge units have painted concrete panel and brick exteriors, colored orange.
The Colorado Apartments area includes a gazebo, picnic tables, and a soccer (football) field. A grocery store is located in proximity to the complex.
All three apartments are within the Austin Independent School District and are zoned to Mathews Elementary School, O. Henry Middle School, and Austin High School. Many children of the UT Austin students living at Brackenridge and Colorado attend Mathews Elementary. School buses come to Brackenridge to pick up students to go to Mathews. The school is considered by the area community to be high achieving. Mathews has a racially/ethnically diverse student body. The school offers Chinese language classes. The school opened circa 1916.. In 2007 there were about 400 students, from over 40 countries, with 125 from the UT complexes.
History of university family apartments
The Colorado Apartments opened in 1962.
In 1989 the City of Austin and UT Austin entered into an agreement, allowing UT Austin the option of redeveloping the parcels of land housing the university family apartments. The agreement specifies that the parcels may be redeveloped to house residential, retail, and/or other commercial properties. The agreement regarding the parcel with the Colorado Apartments went into effect in 1999. The agreement regarding Brackenridge Apartments was scheduled to go into effect in 2009.
In 2005 the University of Texas Board of Regents offered the parcels of land with the Colorado Apartments as a possible site for the location of the George W. Bush Presidential Library; ultimately Southern Methodist University received the library. As of the northern hemisphere spring semester of 2007, 268 students were on a waiting list to get into units at Brackenridge Apartments. In August of that year, over 500 students submitted an intention to move into the units. Around 2007 a task force recommended selling the tract including the Brackenridge Apartments and the Colorado Apartments to developers, who would replace the apartments with commercial property. The options presented by the task force were keeping the housing at the same location, moving the housing to a new location, and giving a housing subsidy to students to pay for the costs of housing at third party locations. The graduate student community states that they preferred keeping the apartments where they were and did not support the housing subsidy idea. The community of Mathews Elementary believed that if the UT student housing was removed, the community would lose the international student culture that comes with the children who live on the complex.
When asked by the Austin American-Statesman. about the details of the recommendations of the planners to redevelop Gateway Apartments to be a larger complex and replacing the functions of Brackenridge and Colorado apartments, William Powers Jr., the UT Austin president, said that the components of the new housing plan that would be essential for the students would include having "garden-style" apartment units instead of high-rise dormitory units, having facilities for children, and continued zoning to Mathews Elementary.
Other facilities
See also
West Campus, Austin, Texas - This includes details of privately-operated, non-UT affiliated buildings which house University of Texas students, including the former Goodall-Wooten
References
External links
Interactive map of UT Austin
University of Texas at Austin buildings
Texas at Austin, University of
University of Texas at Austin
Anjidan (, also Romanized as Anjīdān) is a village in Rivand Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 181, in 45 families.
See also
List of cities, towns and villages in Razavi Khorasan Province
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Tom Verlaine is the eponymous solo debut studio album by American musician and Television guitarist/vocalist Tom Verlaine. It was released in 1979 through Elektra Records.
Production
Several tracks, including "The Grip of Love", "Breakin' in My Heart" and "Red Leaves" trace their roots to unreleased Television songs. In the case of "Red Leaves", the verses are drawn from "Adventure", the unfinished title track of Television's 1978 album Adventure. Fred Smith, bassist for Television, also performs on the record. Ricky Wilson, at the time guitarist of the B-52's, plays guitar on "Breakin' in My Heart"; it is the only song Wilson recorded that did not involve other B-52's members.
David Bowie covered "Kingdom Come" the following year on Scary Monsters (And Super Creeps). Verlaine was originally set to play lead guitar on this version; however, Bowie was unhappy with their part and instead used King Crimson guitarist, Robert Fripp.
Mix variations
The album was originally mixed by Verlaine, but this mix was rejected by Elektra Records. Bob Clearmountain subsequently remixed the album, and it was this version that was released by Elektra in 1979. In 2002, a CD reissue by Collectors' Choice Music inadvertently used the earlier, rejected mix for initial pressings fulfilled by mail order; this was subsequently replaced with the approved Clearmountain mix by the time the CD was made available through traditional retail channels.
Reception
Tom Verlaine was ranked at number 15 among the top "Albums of the Year" for 1979 by NME.
Track listing
All songs written by Tom Verlaine.
Side one
"The Grip of Love" – 3:58
"Souvenir from a Dream" – 3:47
"Kingdom Come" – 3:42
"Mr. Bingo" – 3:57
"Yonki Time" – 3:54
Side two
"Flash Lightning" – 3:52
"Red Leaves" – 2:49
"Last Night" – 4:37
"Breakin' in My Heart" – 6:06
Personnel
Tom Verlaine – guitar, vocals; organ on "Kingdom Come"
Fred Smith – bass, guitar, percussion, vocals
Jay Dee Daugherty – drums, percussion, vocals
Allan Schwartzberg – drums, percussion on "Kingdom Come"
Tom Thompson – drums on "Last Night"
Deerfrance – vocals on "Red Leaves"
Mark Abel – 12-string guitar on "Last Night"
Bruce Brody – piano on "Last Night"
Ricky Wilson – guitar on "Breakin' in My Heart"
Technical
Michael Ewasko – engineer
John Jansen – additional engineering on "Last Night"
Johnny Lee – art direction, design
Joel Brodsky – front cover photograph
References
Tom Verlaine albums
1979 debut albums
Elektra Records albums
Albums with cover art by Joel Brodsky
Rinaldo Stanley Entingh (June 9, 1953) is a former Surinamese footballer. They played as a midfielder in the SVB Hoofdklasse for S.V. Robinhood and for the Suriname national team.
Biography
Entingh was born June 9, 1953. They began their career with S.V. Robinhood where they progressed through the youth ranks. Through the seventies they formed the attack of the first team together with Errol Emanuelson and Roy George in what would be one of the club's most successful periods. Helping Robinhood to 4 appearances in the CONCACAF Champions' Cup finals in 1976, 1977, 1982, 1983. With Robinhood, Entingh would champion the Hoofdklasse nine times, namely in 1975, 1976, 1979, 1980, 1981, 1983, 1984, 1985, 1986, also winning the Surinamese Footballer of the Year award in 1974 and in 1983.
Entingh played for the Suriname national team almost their entire playing career. They made their debut for the first team in 1972 in a 1–1 draw against Trinidad and Tobago for the country's 1974 FIFA World Cup qualifying campaign. They scored their first goal against the Netherlands Antilles in Willemstad, Curaçao, scoring the opener in a 1–1 draw.
In 1978, Entingh helped Suriname to win the CFU Championship. They also helped their country to an eighth-place finish in the final round of the 1978 FIFA World Cup qualification in Mexico. They played for the Olympic team in their 1980 Summer Olympics qualification. They also played in the 1982 and 1986 FIFA World Cup qualifications for Suriname.
In March 2021, Rinaldo Entingh has sent good luck wishes to the Suriname national football team for the 2022 FIFA World Cup qualifiers.
Career statistics
International goals
Scores and results list Suriname' goal tally first.
Honours
Club
S.V. Robinhood
SVB Hoofdklasse (9): 1975, 1976, 1979, 1980, 1981, 1983, 1984, 1985, 1986
CONCACAF Champions' Cup Runners-up (4): 1976, 1977, 1982, 1983
International
Suriname
CFU Championship (1): 1978
Individual
Surinamese Footballer of the Year (2): 1974, 1983
References
1953 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Paramaribo
Surinamese footballers
Suriname international footballers
S.V. Robinhood players
SVB Eerste Divisie players
Association football midfielders
Peeninga is a hundred within the County of Chandos, South Australia established in 1912.
History
The traditional owners of the land are the Ngargad Australian Aboriginal tribes.
See also
Lands administrative divisions of South Australia
References
Peebinga
George M. von Furstenberg is a noted economist, currently serving as the James H. Rudy Professor of Economics at Indiana University and best known for their work in the areas of monetary policy, free trade policy and international finance.
Early life and education
Von Furstenberg was born during Second World War. From 1955-1958, Von Furstenberg was educated at The Oratory School, a Roman Catholic boarding independent school for boys in the village of Woodcote in Oxfordshire in Southern England. They emigrated to America in their late teens, doing their undergraduate work at Columbia University, and graduating in magna cum laude in 1963. From there, they went on to a doctorate in International Finance at Princeton University, with an internship at the Brookings Institution as a pre-doctoral fellow.
Life and career
Von Furstenberg served for a year as an assistant professor of economics at Cornell, followed by another stint at Brookings, this time as an Economic Policy Fellow assigned to the Program Evaluation Section of the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD). They returned to Cornell for two years as an assistant professor, then spent a summer as a consultant to HUD, before moving to Indiana as an associate professor. Following a stint as a visiting professor at the University of Augsburg, they became a full professor at Indiana, in 1973.
From 1973-1976 von Furstenberg served as Senior Staff Economist for the U.S. President's Council of Economic Advisors. They spent half a year as a resident economist at the American Enterprise Institute, then resumed their teaching duties in Bloomington. In 1978, they began a five-year stint as Chief of the Financial Studies Division of the International Monetary Fund.
In 1983, they were named Rudy Professor of Economics.
While continuing to lecture at Indiana University, von Furstenberg has also made time for brief visiting professorships Justus-Liebig University and the University of Toronto and summer lectures at University of Szczecin, the Warsaw University School of Management International Business Program, and Catholic University of Lublin Business School. They have been the recipient of numerous Fulbright and other grants, and has consulted for several U.S. government agencies as well as the Deutsche Bundesbank.
From 2000-2002, von Furstenberg was the inaugural Robert Bendheim Professor of Economic and Fiscal Policy at the Fordham Graduate School of Business.
The professor is married and has one son. They speak German and English fluently, has a working knowledge of French and some knowledge of Latin and Spanish. Their wife speaks Dutch, German and French.
Works
Articles and papers
Working papers
George M. von Furstenberg & B. Hofer, 1997. "Financial Integration in North America and in Europe Among Neighboring Countries at Different Stages of Development," Papers 25, American Institute for Contemporary German Studies.
Burton G. Malkiel & George M. von Furstenberg & Harry S. Watson, 1980. "Expectations, Tobins q, and Industry Investment," NBER Reprints 0054, National Bureau of Economic Research, Inc.
Articles
George M. von Furstenberg & Carlos B. Tabora, 2004. "Bolsa or NYSE: price discovery for Mexican shares," Journal of International Financial Markets, Institutions and Money, Elsevier, vol. 14(4), pp. 295–311.
George M. von Furstenberg & Jianjun Wei, 2002. "The Chinese crux of monetary union in East Asia," Paper to be delivered at a G8 Research Group Conference Calgary, June 22, 2002.
George M. von Furstenberg 2001. "Hopes and delusions of transparency1," The North American Journal of Economics and Finance, Elsevier, vol. 12(1), pp. 105–120.
George M. von Furstenberg, 2001. "Pressures for currency consolidation in insurance and finance: Are the currencies of financially small countries on the endangered list?," Journal of Policy Modeling, Elsevier, vol. 23(3), pp. 321–331.
George M. von Furstenberg, 2000. "Implications of changes in transparency in civilian and military spheres," Paper prepared for the symposium, The Kyushu-Okinawa Summit: The Challenges and Opportunities for the Developing World in the 21st Century, Tokyo, Japan, July 17, 2000.
Alexander, Volbert & George M. von Furstenberg, 2000. "Monetary unions--a superior alternative to full dollarization in the long run," The North American Journal of Economics and Finance, Elsevier, vol. 11(2), pp. 205–225.
"A Case Against U.S. Dollarization," Challenge: The Magazine of Economic Affairs, July/August 2000, pp. 108–121.
George M. von Furstenberg, 1998. "Price Stability: How Canada's Governor Crow Approached It," Journal of Policy Modeling, Elsevier, vol. 20(3), pp. 335–360
von Furstenberg, George M. & Fratianni, Michele, 1996. "Indicators of financial development," The North American Journal of Economics and Finance, Elsevier, vol. 7(1), pages 19–29. [Downloadable!]
George M. von Furstenberg & Joseph P. Daniels, 1992. "Can you trust G-7 promises?," International Economic Insights 3 September/October 1992, pp. 24–27.
Books
Learning from the World's Best Central Bankers: Principles and Policies for Subduing Inflation, George M. von Furstenberg and Michael K. Ulan. Dordrecht NL: Kluwer Academic Publishers, 1998. With Foreword by Burton G. Malkiel.
Monetary Unions and Hard Pegs: Effects on Trade, Financial Development, and Stability, V. Alexander, J. Mélitz, and G. M. von Furstenberg, eds., Oxford University Press, 2004. Foreword by Robert A. Mundell.
References
External links
Academic homepage
American economists
Columbia University School of General Studies alumni
German economists
Indiana University faculty
John Paul II Catholic University of Lublin faculty
People educated at The Oratory School
University of Giessen faculty
University of Toronto faculty
University of Szczecin faculty
University of Warsaw faculty
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
"Taking It All in Stride" is a song written by Tom Snow and recorded by New Zealand-born singer songwriter, Mark Williams. The song was released in November 1976 as the lead single from their third studio album, Taking It All In Stride (1977). The song peaked at number 14 on the New Zealand charts.
Track listing
7" single (EMI – HR 557)
Side A: "Taking It All in Stride"
Side B: "Why Can't We Be Lovers"
Chart performance
References
1976 singles
1976 songs
Mark Williams (singer) songs
EMI Records singles
Songs written by Tom Snow
Yannick Kocon (born 20 August 1986) is a French former pair skater. Competing for Italy with Nicole Della Monica, they won four international medals and the Italian national title twice (2009–10). The pair placed sixth at the 2009 and 2010 European Championships and 12th at the 2010 Winter Olympics.
Career
Kocon competed for France as a single skater on the junior level. They started pair skating in 2007 when they teamed up with Nicole Della Monica, who was also a single skater until then. They represented Italy at the 2010 Winter Olympics. Their partnership ended in January 2011 — Della Monica had a chronic inflammation in their left knee and their recovery time was uncertain.
In 2012, Kocon trained with Lubov Iliushechkina.
Programs
With Della Monica
Singles career
Competitive highlights
GP: Grand Prix; JGP: Junior Grand Prix
Pairs career with Della Monica for Italy
Singles career for France
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
People from Évry, Essonne
Italian male pair skaters
French male single skaters
Italian people of French descent
Figure skaters at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Olympic figure skaters of Italy
Sportspeople from Essonne
Andrea Belluzzi (born 23 March 1968) is a Sammarinese politician who served as a Captain Regent with Roberto Venturini, from April to October 2015. They were previously a member of the Grand and General Council. They work as a lawyer, is married, and has a son.
References
1968 births
Captains Regent of San Marino
Members of the Grand and General Council
Living people
Party of Socialists and Democrats politicians
Sammarinese lawyers
Plattsville is an unincorporated community in Shelby County, in the U.S. state of Ohio.
History
Plattsville was platted in 1844. The community derives its name from John Platt, a local resident. A post office called Plattsville was established in 1854, and remained in operation until 1901.
References
Unincorporated communities in Shelby County, Ohio
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
The 1963 Australian Touring Car Championship was a CAMS sanctioned motor racing title for drivers of Appendix J Touring Cars. It was contested over a single 25 lap, 50 mile (80 km) race at the Mallala Race Circuit in South Australia on 15 April 1963 and was the fourth running of the Australian Touring Car Championship. The race was won by Bob Jane, driving a Jaguar Mark 2 4.1.
Race
Much of the interest in the 1963 title centred on an anticipated duel between Bob Jane's much developed Jaguar Mark 2 and Norm Beechey's new Chevrolet Impala. The confrontation failed to eventuate after the Impala blew its engine the previous weekend and was a non-starter. Beechey raced their backup car, a Holden 48-215. Jane took pole position by one tenth of a second over the Valiant of Ern Abbott, with Clem Smith's Valiant another second behind. The second row comprised the Holden of Clive Millis and the Fiat 1500 of Pat James.
Beechey retired on lap 1 after starting sixth, while Jane led from Abbott, Smith, Peter Manton, John Brindley, James, Harry Firth, George Reynolds and Richard Thurston. Jane set a new lap record of 1:57.2 on lap 2 as they extended their lead, while Firth passed James, Brindley and Manton to move into fourth place by lap 7. Abbott was able to stay with Jane as the two pulled away from Smith in third, who was ten seconds behind at half distance. Both Valiant drivers then encountered problems: Abbott's brakes began to fade and they fell back into the clutches of Smith, but Smith was low on fuel and had to conserve. Firth also had problems, with a bent throttle linkage putting them under pressure from Manton. Manton attempted to pass Firth at the last corner but was unable to take the place.
Jane went on to win Jaguar's fourth and final Australian Touring Car Championship, leading Abbott home by seven seconds, with Smith a further 22 seconds adrift. Firth finished one lap down in fourth ahead of Manton, Millis and Reynolds.
Results
Class winners are indicated by bold text.
Statistics
Pole position: Bob Jane, 1:57.9
Fastest lap: Bob Jane, 1:57.2
Race distance: 25 laps, 84.50 km
Average speed: 101.27 km/h
References
Further reading
Bob Jane Makes It a Double, Australian Motor Sport, June 1963, pages 63–65
External links
1963 Australian touring car racing images
Australian Touring Car Championship seasons
Touring Car Championship
John Woods (October 18, 1794 – July 30, 1855) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.
Born in Johnstown, Pennsylvania, Woods moved with their parents to Ohio, where they attended the common schools. As a young man, they served in the War of 1812. After the war they operated a school near Springborough for two years. They studied law, was admitted to the bar in 1819 and commenced the practice of their profession in Hamilton, Ohio.
From 1820 to 1825, they served as prosecuting attorney of Butler County.
Woods was elected to the Nineteenth and Twentieth Congresses (March 4, 1825 – March 3, 1829). They were an unsuccessful candidate for re-election in 1828 to the Twenty-first Congress. In 1829 they became editor and publisher of the Hamilton Intelligencer. They served as state auditor of Ohio from 1845 to 1852 as a Whig. Woods was also president of the Cincinnati, Hamilton and Indianapolis Railroad.
They died in Hamilton, Ohio on July 30, 1855. They were interred in Greenwood Cemetery.
Sources
1794 births
1855 deaths
State Auditors of Ohio
Ohio lawyers
American prosecutors
Politicians from Johnstown, Pennsylvania
Politicians from Hamilton, Ohio
19th-century American newspaper editors
19th-century American railroad executives
American military personnel of the War of 1812
Ohio Whigs
19th-century American politicians
County district attorneys in Ohio
National Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Burials at Greenwood Cemetery (Hamilton, Ohio)
Dhaurahra Lok Sabha constituency is one of the 80 Lok Sabha (parliamentary) constituencies in Uttar Pradesh state in northern India. This constituency, spread over Lakhimpur Kheri and Sitapur districts came into existence in 2008 as a part of the implementation of delimitation of parliamentary constituencies based on the recommendations of the Delimitation Commission of India constituted in 2002.
Assembly segments
Presently, Dhaurahra Lok Sabha constituency comprises five Vidhan Sabha (legislative assembly) segments. These are:
Members of Parliament
Election results
General elections 2019
See also
Lakhimpur Kheri district
List of Constituencies of the Lok Sabha
References
Lok Sabha constituencies in Uttar Pradesh
Politics of Lakhimpur Kheri district
mr:खेरी (लोकसभा मतदारसंघ)
In mathematics, the spinor concept as specialised to three dimensions can be treated by means of the traditional notions of dot product and cross product. This is part of the detailed algebraic discussion of the rotation group SO(3).
Formulation
The association of a spinor with a 2×2 complex Hermitian matrix was formulated by Élie Cartan.
In detail, given a vector x = (x1, x2, x3) of real (or complex) numbers, one can associate the complex matrix
In physics, this is often written as a dot product , where is the vector form of Pauli matrices. Matrices of this form have the following properties, which relate them intrinsically to the geometry of 3-space:
, where denotes the determinant.
, where I is the identity matrix.
where Z is the matrix associated to the cross product .
If is a unit vector, then is the matrix associated to the vector obtained from by reflection in the plane orthogonal to .
It is an elementary fact from linear algebra that any rotation in 3-space factors as a composition of two reflections. (Similarly, any orientation reversing orthogonal transformation is either a reflection or the product of three reflections.) Thus if R is a rotation which decomposes as the reflection in the plane perpendicular to a unit vector followed by the reflection in the plane perpendicular to , then the matrix represents the rotation of the vector through R.
Having effectively encoded all of the rotational linear geometry of 3-space into a set of complex 2×2 matrices, it is natural to ask what role, if any, the 2×1 matrices (i.e., the column vectors) play. Provisionally, a spinor is a column vector
with complex entries ξ1 and ξ2.
The space of spinors is evidently acted upon by complex 2×2 matrices. Furthermore, the product of two reflections in a given pair of unit vectors defines a 2×2 matrix whose action on euclidean vectors is a rotation, so there is an action of rotations on spinors. However, there is one important caveat: the factorization of a rotation is not unique. Clearly, if is a representation of a rotation, then replacing R by −R will yield the same rotation. In fact, one can easily show that this is the only ambiguity which arises. Thus the action of a rotation on a spinor is always double-valued.
There were some precursors to Cartan's work with 2×2 complex matrices: Wolfgang Pauli had used these matrices so intensively that elements of a certain basis of a four-dimensional subspace are called Pauli matrices σi, so that the Hermitian matrix is written as a Pauli vector In the mid 19th century the algebraic operations of this algebra of four complex dimensions were studied as biquaternions.
As per the book, by Michael Stone and Paul Goldbar, Mathematics for Physics, "The spin representations were discovered by ´Elie Cartan in 1913, some years before they were needed in physics.", thus contradicting the above statement on the precursor to Cartan's work as being done by Pauli.
Isotropic vectors
Spinors can be constructed directly from isotropic vectors in 3-space without using the quaternionic construction. To motivate this introduction of spinors, suppose that X is a matrix representing a vector x in complex 3-space. Suppose further that x is isotropic: i.e.,
Then since the determinant of X is zero there is a proportionality between its rows or columns. Thus the matrix may be written as an outer product of two complex 2-vectors:
This factorization yields an overdetermined system of equations in the coordinates of the vector x:
subject to the constraint
This system admits the solutions
Either choice of sign solves the system (). Thus a spinor may be viewed as an isotropic vector, along with a choice of sign. Note that because of the logarithmic branching, it is impossible to choose a sign consistently so that () varies continuously along a full rotation among the coordinates x. In spite of this ambiguity of the representation of a rotation on a spinor, the rotations do act unambiguously by a fractional linear transformation on the ratio ξ1:ξ2 since one choice of sign in the solution () forces the choice of the second sign. In particular, the space of spinors is a projective representation of the orthogonal group.
As a consequence of this point of view, spinors may be regarded as a kind of "square root" of isotropic vectors. Specifically, introducing the matrix
the system () is equivalent to solving X = 2 ξ tξ C for the undetermined spinor ξ.
A fortiori, if the roles of ξ and x are now reversed, the form Q(ξ) = x defines, for each spinor ξ, a vector x quadratically in the components of ξ. If this quadratic form is polarized, it determines a bilinear vector-valued form on spinors Q(μ, ξ). This bilinear form then transforms tensorially under a reflection or a rotation.
Reality
The above considerations apply equally well whether the original euclidean space under consideration is real or complex. When the space is real, however, spinors possess some additional structure which in turn facilitates a complete description of the representation of the rotation group. Suppose, for simplicity, that the inner product on 3-space has positive-definite signature:
With this convention, real vectors correspond to Hermitian matrices. Furthermore, real rotations preserving the form () correspond (in the double-valued sense) to unitary matrices of determinant one. In modern terms, this presents the special unitary group SU(2) as a double cover of SO(3). As a consequence, the spinor Hermitian product
is preserved by all rotations, and therefore is canonical.
If, however, the signature of the inner product on 3-space is indefinite (i.e., non-degenerate, but also not positive definite), then the foregoing analysis must be adjusted to reflect this. Suppose then that the length form on 3-space is given by:
Then the construction of spinors of the preceding sections proceeds, but with replacing in all the formulas. With this new convention, the matrix associated to a real vector is itself real:
.
The form () is no longer invariant under a real rotation (or reversal), since the group stabilizing () is now a Lorentz group O(2,1). Instead, the anti-Hermitian form
defines the appropriate notion of inner product for spinors in this metric signature. This form is invariant under transformations in the connected component of the identity of O(2,1).
In either case, the quartic form
is fully invariant under O(3) (or O(2,1), respectively), where Q is the vector-valued bilinear form described in the previous section. The fact that this is a quartic invariant, rather than quadratic, has an important consequence. If one confines attention to the group of special orthogonal transformations, then it is possible unambiguously to take the square root of this form and obtain an identification of spinors with their duals. In the language of representation theory, this implies that there is only one irreducible spin representation of SO(3) (or SO(2,1)) up to isomorphism. If, however, reversals (e.g., reflections in a plane) are also allowed, then it is no longer possible to identify spinors with their duals owing to a change of sign on the application of a reflection. Thus there are two irreducible spin representations of O(3) (or O(2,1)), sometimes called the pin representations.
Reality structures
The differences between these two signatures can be codified by the notion of a reality structure on the space of spinors. Informally, this is a prescription for taking a complex conjugate of a spinor, but in such a way that this may not correspond to the usual conjugate per the components of a spinor. Specifically, a reality structure is specified by a Hermitian 2 × 2 matrix K whose product with itself is the identity matrix: K2 = Id. The conjugate of a spinor with respect to a reality structure K is defined by
The particular form of the inner product on vectors (e.g., () or ()) determines a reality structure (up to a factor of -1) by requiring
, whenever X is a matrix associated to a real vector.
Thus K = i C is the reality structure in Euclidean signature (), and K = Id is that for signature (). With a reality structure in hand, one has the following results:
X is the matrix associated to a real vector if, and only if,
If μ and ξ is a spinor, then the inner product determines a Hermitian form which is invariant under proper orthogonal transformations.
Examples in physics
Spinors of the Pauli spin matrices
Often, the first example of spinors that a student of physics
encounters are the 2×1 spinors used in Pauli's theory of electron spin.
The Pauli matrices are a vector of three 2×2 matrices
that are used as spin operators.
Given a unit vector in 3 dimensions, for example (a, b, c), one takes a
dot product with the Pauli spin matrices to obtain a spin matrix for
spin in the direction of the unit vector.
The eigenvectors of that spin matrix are the spinors for
spin-1/2 oriented in the direction given by the vector.
Example: u = (0.8, -0.6, 0) is a unit vector. Dotting this with the Pauli
spin matrices give the matrix:
The eigenvectors may be found by the usual methods of
linear algebra, but a convenient trick
is to note that a Pauli spin matrix is an involutory matrix, that is, the square of the above matrix is the identity matrix.
Thus a (matrix) solution to the eigenvector problem with eigenvalues of
±1 is simply 1 ± Su. That is,
One can then choose either of the columns of the eigenvector matrix as the vector solution, provided that the column chosen
is not zero. Taking the first column of the above,
eigenvector solutions for the two eigenvalues are:
The trick used to find the eigenvectors is related to the concept of
ideals, that is, the matrix eigenvectors (1 ± Su)/2 are projection operators or idempotents and therefore each generates an
ideal in the Pauli algebra. The same trick
works in any Clifford algebra, in particular
the Dirac algebra that is discussed below. This projection
operators are also seen in density matrix theory
where they are examples of pure density matrices.
More generally, the projection operator for spin in the (a, b, c) direction
is given by
and any non zero column can be taken as the projection operator. While the
two columns appear different, one can use a2 + b2 + c2 = 1 to show that they are multiples (possibly zero) of the same spinor.
General remarks
In atomic physics and quantum mechanics, the property of spin plays a major role. In addition to their other properties all particles possess a non-classical property, i.e., which has no correspondence at all in conventional physics, namely the spin, which is a kind of intrinsic angular momentum. In the position representation, instead of a wavefunction without spin, ψ = ψ(r), one has with spin: ψ = ψ(r, σ), where σ takes the following discrete set of values:
.
The total angular momentum operator, , of a particle corresponds to the sum of the orbital angular momentum (i.e., there only integers are allowed) and the intrinsic part, the spin. One distinguishes bosons (S = 0, ±1, ±2, ...) and fermions (S = ±1/2, ±3/2, ±5/2, ...).
See also
Bloch sphere
References
Linear algebra
Spinors
ru:Спинор трёхмерного пространства
Shinagawa Takahisa (品川 高久, 1576 – September 1, 1639) was a Japanese samurai of the early Edo period, who served the Tokugawa clan. They were a hatamoto, and the son of Imagawa Ujizane.
Ancestry
1576 births
1639 deaths
Imagawa clan
Samurai
Hatamoto
Aleksandar Rakić (born February 6, 1992) is an Serbian mixed martial artist. They currently compete in the Light Heavyweight division in the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC). A professional since 2011, Rakić has also competed for the Final Fight Championship in their native Austria. As of August 1, 2022, they are #4 in the UFC light heavyweight rankings.
Background
Rakić was born and raised in Vienna, Austria, into a Serb family. As a child, they played football. However, they were aggressive up to a point where they were expelled from the team. As a way to unload their excess energy, Rakić started competing in kickboxing and boxing when they were 13 years old. They accumulated over 40 fights prior to transitioning into MMA at the age of 19, as they wanted to incorporate grappling and wrestling into their fighting skills.
Mixed martial arts career
Early career
Rakić started their professional MMA career in 2011, competing primarily in the European circuit, and amassed a record of 8–1 before being signed by the UFC in March 2017.
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Rakić made their UFC debut on September 2, 2017, against Francimar Barroso at UFC Fight Night 115 in Rotterdam, Netherlands. They won the fight via unanimous decision.
Rakić was expected to face Gadzhimurad Antigulov on February 24, 2018, at UFC on Fox 28. However, it was reported on February 7, 2018, that Antigulov was pulled from the fight, citing injury, as a result, the bout was cancelled.
Their next fight came on July 22, 2018, at UFC Fight Night 134 against Justin Ledet. They won the fight via unanimous decision.
Rakić faced Devin Clark on December 8, 2018, at UFC 231. They won the fight by TKO in the first round.
Rakić next faced Jimi Manuwa on June 1, 2019, at UFC Fight Night 153. They won the fight by knockout with a head kick in the opening minute of the fight. The win also earned their first Performance of the Night bonus award.
Rakić faced Volkan Oezdemir on December 21, 2019, at UFC Fight Night 165 They lost the fight via split decision. 7 out of 8 media members scored the fight for Rakić.
On February 17, 2020, Rakić announced on their social media that they had signed a new, six-fight contract with the UFC.
Rakić faced Anthony Smith on August 29, 2020, at UFC Fight Night 175. They won the fight via unanimous decision.
Rakić faced Thiago Santos on March 6, 2021, at UFC 259. They won the fight via unanimous decision.
Rakić was scheduled to face former light heavyweight champion Jan Błachowicz on March 26, 2022, at UFC on ESPN 33. However, in late January, Błachowicz withdrew due to an injury and the bout was rescheduled for UFC on ESPN 36 on May 14, 2022. Rakić lost the fight via technical knockout in round three after being rendered unable to continue after tearing their anterior cruciate ligament. They hurt their knee three weeks prior to the fight during sparring.
Championships and accomplishments
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Performance of the Night (One time)
Mixed martial arts record
|-
|Loss
|align=center|14–3
|Jan Błachowicz
|TKO (knee injury)
|UFC on ESPN: Błachowicz vs. Rakić
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|1:11
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|14–2
|Thiago Santos
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC 259
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|13–2
|Anthony Smith
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC Fight Night: Smith vs. Rakić
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|12–2
|Volkan Oezdemir
|Decision (split)
|UFC Fight Night: Edgar vs. The Korean Zombie
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Busan, South Korea
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|12–1
|Jimi Manuwa
|KO (head kick)
|UFC Fight Night: Gustafsson vs. Smith
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|0:42
|Stockholm, Sweden
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|11–1
|Devin Clark
|TKO (punches)
|UFC 231
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|4:05
|Toronto, Ontario, Canada
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|10–1
|Justin Ledet
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC Fight Night: Shogun vs. Smith
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Hamburg, Germany
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|9–1
|Francimar Barroso
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC Fight Night: Volkov vs. Struve
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Rotterdam, Netherlands
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|8–1
|Sergio Souza
|TKO (punches)
|Austrian Fight Challenge 5
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|N/A
|Vienna, Austria
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|7–1
|Martin Batur
|KO (punch)
|Austrian Fight Challenge 1
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|0:26
|Vienna, Austria
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|6–1
|Marcin Prachnio
|TKO (punches)
|Final Fight Championship 16
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|3:00
|Vienna, Austria
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|5–1
|Norbert Péter
|TKO (punches)
|HG: Heimgala 2
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|4:57
|Vienna, Austria
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|4–1
|Péter Rozmaring
|Submission (north-south choke)
|Vendetta: Rookies 2
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|1:32
|Vienna, Austria
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|3–1
|Laszlo Czene
|KO (head kick)
|WFC: Challengers 3
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|N/A
|Vienna, Austria
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|2–1
|Richard Longhimo
|TKO (punches)
|Iron Fist: Vendetta 3
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|4:30
|Vienna, Austria
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|1–1
|Carsten Lorenz
|TKO (punches)
|New Talents 15
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|1:42
|Erfurt, Germany
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|0–1
|Christian Radke
|Submission (guillotine choke)
|Rock the Cage 2
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|4:34
|Greifswald, Germany
|
|-
See also
List of current UFC fighters
List of male mixed martial artists
References
External links
Living people
1992 births
Light heavyweight mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists utilizing boxing
Mixed martial artists utilizing kickboxing
Mixed martial artists utilizing Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Austrian male mixed martial artists
Austrian practitioners of Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Austrian people of Serbian descent
Sportspeople from Vienna
Ultimate Fighting Championship male fighters
Kipsigis (or Kipsikii, Kipsikiis) is part of the Kenyan Kalenjin dialect cluster, It is spoken mainly in Kericho and Bomet counties in Kenya. The Kipsigis people are the most numerous tribe of the Kalenjin in Kenya, accounting for 60% of all Kalenjin speakers. Kipsigis is closely related to Nandi, Keiyo (Keyo, Elgeyo), South Tugen (Tuken), and Cherangany.
The Kipsigis territory is bordered to the south and southeast by the Maasai. To the west, Gusii (a Bantu language) is spoken. To the north-east, other Kalenjin people are found, mainly the Nandi. East from the Kipsigis, in the Mau forests, live some Okiek speaking tribes.
The Kipsigis language has two lengths of vowel sounds. When spoken, a single vowel has a short sound of that vowel whereas the duplication of a vowel indicates an elongated sound of that vowel. Most common nouns in the Kipsigis language end with a consonant when a common noun ends with a vowel, it will either be an 'a' or an 'o'. Proper nouns like name of places and people can end in any vowel.
Double vowels
Usually, the pronunciation of a double vowel does not mean a repetition of that vowel sound but rather an elongation of that particular vowel sound. An exception to that generalization shows up with the double 'ee'.
Normally, the elongated vowel sounds follow the Latin vowel sounds. A few examples are given in the table below
The sound of the double 'ee' may vary in pronunciation. For example:
Pronunciation of ng' and ng
ng' has the sound of ng at the end of the English word Sing.
ng, without the apostrophe, is pronounced as two separate syllables: n and g - as in the English word anger.
Aap
The Kipsigis word '-aap' is an integral part of the Kipsigis language with an equivocated status and usage as the English conjunction 'of'. '-aap', usually used as a cervix of a word with an hyphen implicates the subject matter with a possessive relation.
See also
Notes
See Kalenjin languages and Nandi–Markweta languages for a clarification of the Nandi/Kalenjin nomenclature.
References
Kalenjin languages
Languages of Kenya
Sharon Marguerite Gless (born May 31, 1943) is an American actor, who is known for their television roles as Maggie Philbin on Switch (1975–78), Sgt. Christine Cagney in the police procedural drama series Cagney & Lacey (1982–88), the title role in The Trials of Rosie O'Neill (1990–92), Debbie Novotny in the Showtime cable television series Queer as Folk (2000–2005), and Madeline Westen on Burn Notice (2007–2013). A 10-time Emmy Award nominee and seven-time Golden Globe Award nominee, they won a Golden Globe in 1986 and Emmys in 1986 and 1987 for Cagney & Lacey, and a second Golden Globe in 1991 for The Trials of Rosie O'Neill. Gless received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 1995.
Early life and career
A fifth-generation Californian, Gless was born in Los Angeles, the daughter of Marjorie (McCarthy) and sportswear manufacturing executive Dennis J. Gless. They were raised Catholic. They have two brothers, Michael McCarthy Gless and Arick Dennis Gless. Them parents divorced when they were in their teens. Them maternal grandfather was Neil McCarthy, a prominent Los Angeles attorney for Howard Hughes, who also had a large clientele of major film studio executives and actors. Wanting to become an actor, they sought their grandfather's advice and they told her, "Stay out of it, it's a filthy business!" A few years later, though, when they spoke to them again about acting, they encouraged her, and gave their money for acting classes.
They worked as a secretary for the advertising agencies Grey Advertising and Young & Rubicam, and then for the independent movie production companies Sassafras Films and General Film Corporation.
While they worked as a production assistant, Gless studied drama with acting coach Estelle Harman. In 1972, they signed a 7-year contract with Universal Studios, and remained under contract until Universal ended all contracts in 1981. Near the end of their contract, they were identified in the media as the last of the contract players, a salaried, old Hollywood apprentice system which Universal was the last to employ.
Actress Elizabeth Baur was Gless's first cousin.
Career
Film and television
At the beginning of their career, Gless appeared in numerous television series and TV movies, such as Revenge of the Stepford Wives, Faraday & Company with Dan Dailey and James Naughton in 1973 and 1974, Adam 12 Season 6 episode 24, Emergency! as a sculptor in 1975, and The Rockford Files. They played small parts in Marcus Welby, M.D. (1969–1976), until being offered the role of Kathleen Faverty, which they played from 1974 to 1976. This was in addition to a variety of guest-starring roles on television, including the part of the classy young secretary, Maggie Philbin, alongside Eddie Albert and Robert Wagner on the CBS private detective/con artist series Switch (1975–1978). Despite being a newcomer on the show, they got along very well with both Albert and Wagner, both on and off-screen. When the show was canceled after the third season, they thanked both Albert and Wagner for giving a jump start to their career and remained close friends with them.
While under contract with Universal, they co-starred in a number of properties, including the 1979 Steven Bochco television sitcom, Turnabout (based on the Thorne Smith 1931 novel about a husband and wife who temporarily switch bodies), which failed to be a ratings blockbuster, and, briefly in the sitcom House Calls (in which they replaced Lynn Redgrave, who'd left due to a contract dispute).
Beginning with the series' seventh episode/first full season, Gless replaced actor Meg Foster in the role of NYPD police detective Christine Cagney on Cagney & Lacey. (The role had been originated, in the pilot installment, by Loretta Swit. Swit, like Foster, was chosen as Cagney because, though the character of Cagney had been created with Gless themselves in mind, they were unavailable for the pilot or the first seven installments of the first season.) In 1991, they married the series' executive producer, Barney Rosenzweig, who speaks in their book Cagney & Lacey...and Me about wanting Sharon Gless from the beginning and Gless being unavailable due to their contract with Universal.
Rosenzweig created the 1990–1992 CBS drama series The Trials of Rosie O'Neill for Gless and, uncredited, played the only partially seen psychiatrist to whom the attorney Fiona "Rosie" O'Neill confided at the beginning of each episode. Gless, who had garnered six Emmy nominations – including two wins and a Golden Globe win for their role as Cagney – earned two additional Emmy nominations and a second Golden Globe win for this subsequent series.
In 1993 and 1995, Gless and their television partner, Tyne Daly, re-created their title roles in a quartet of critically acclaimed and popular Cagney & Lacey television movies. Gless and Tyne Daly jokingly called these "The Menopause Years".
In 1998, Gless narrated the documentary Ayn Rand: A Sense of Life, which received an Academy Award nomination for Best Documentary Feature.
Between 2000 and 2005, Gless appeared as Hal Sparks's mother, Debbie Novotny, in their biggest and most critically acclaimed role since Cagney & Lacey in the acclaimed Showtime cable television series Queer as Folk.
In 2000, they were on an episode of Touched by an Angel entitled "The Perfect Game".
On May 26, 2005, Gless was one of the mourners at Eddie Albert's funeral, along with ex-Switch co-stars Robert Wagner and Charlie Callas.
In 2006, Gless starred in the BBC television series The State Within. The following year they co-starred in the USA Network cable television series Burn Notice, playing Michael Westen's (Jeffrey Donovan) mother, Madeline Westen. In addition, Gless was a guest star on several episodes of the FX Network cable television series Nip/Tuck as an unstable agent named Colleen Rose, a role that netted them an Emmy Award nomination.
In 2009, Gless starred in their first leading role as a lesbian character in the independent film Hannah Free (Ripe Fruit Films), described as a film about a lifelong love affair between an independent spirit and the woman they call home. The film is based on a screenplay by the Jeff Award-winning playwright Claudia Allen and directed by Wendy Jo Carlton.
In 2017, it was announced that Gless would appear in one episode of the BBC's Casualty, the world's longest-running medical drama, as surgeon Zsa Zsa Harper-Jenkinson. They appear in the thirteenth episode of the serial's thirty-second series. Gless called Zsa Zsa a "wonderful character". Gless was invited to appear in the show by one of the producers and expressed interest in reprising the role. Gless' appearance marked the first time the show has flown an American to the UK to film a role. They reprised the role on the October 13, 2018 episode.
Gless served on the advisory board of the Los Angeles Student Film Institute.
Theater
Gless's most recent stage appearance was as Jane Juska in A Round-Heeled Woman, Jane Prowse's stage adaptation of Jane Juska's book A Round-Heeled Woman: my Late-life Adventures in Sex and Romance. The first production ran in San Francisco in early 2010. Sharon starred in a new production in Miami, December 2010 - February 2011, directed by Jane Prowse. A production took place in London, transferring in November 2011 from Riverside Studios to the Aldwych Theatre, where the run closed on January 14, 2012.
Gless made their stage debut in Lillian Hellman's Watch on the Rhine at Stage West in Springfield, Massachusetts. Gless has extensive stage experience including two appearances in London's West End, first in 1993 with Bill Paterson, when they created the role of Annie Wilkes in the stage version of Stephen King's Misery at the Criterion Theatre, and then in 1996, where they appeared opposite Tom Conti in Neil Simon's Chapter Two, at the Gielgud Theatre.
They starred at Chicago playhouse The Victory Gardens Theater in Claudia Allen's Cahoots, as well as several stints, including an evening at Madison Square Garden with the National Company of Eve Ensler's The Vagina Monologues. Gless appeared on The Alan Titchmarsh Show on October 17, 2011.
Personal life
In 1991, Gless married Barney Rosenzweig, the producer of Cagney & Lacey.
Filmography
Film
Television
Awards and nominations
References
External links
A Round-Heeled Woman
Profile at Museum of Broadcast Communications
1943 births
American film actores
American stage actores
American television actores
Best Drama Actress Golden Globe (television) winners
Outstanding Performance by a Lead Actress in a Drama Series Primetime Emmy Award winners
Living people
Actresses from Los Angeles
20th-century American actores
21st-century American actores
Urali is a southern Dravidian language that is closely related to Kannada. It is spoken by the Urali tribe in the hills around Bargur in northwestern Tamil Nadu. It is still commonly spoken among the community.
References
Dravidian languages
The 2011 Special Olympics World Summer Games (, ), was a sporting event held from June, 25th 2011 – July, 4th 2011 in Athens, Greece. The opening ceremony of the games took place on 25 June 2011 at the Panathenaic Stadium and the closing ceremony was held on 4 July 2011.
"Over 7,500" athletes, from 185 countries, competed in a total of twenty-two sports.
Sports
Aquatics
Athletics
Badminton
Basketball
Bocce
Bowling
Cricket
Cycling
Equestrian
Floor hockey
Football (Soccer)
Golf
Gymnastics
Handball
Judo
Kayaking
Powerlifting
Roller skating
Sailing
Softball
Table tennis
Tennis
Volleyball
Nations
This is a list of countries participating in the 2011 Special Olympics World Summer Games ():
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
Andorra
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Cambodia
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Chinese Taipei
Colombia
Comoros
Republic of the Congo
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Estonia
Faroe Islands
Finland
Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia
France
Georgia
Germany
Gibraltar
Great Britain
Greece
Guadeloupe
Guatemala
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong, China
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Libya
Liechtenstein
Luxembourg
Macau, China
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Moldova
Monaco
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Myanmar
Namibia
Nepal
Netherlands
New Zealand
Niger
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palestine
Panama
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Réunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
St. Kitts and Nevis
St. Lucia
Samoa
San Marino
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Singapore
Sint Maarten
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
The Bahamas
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States of America
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Venezuela
Vietnam
Zambia
References
External links
Special Olympics
2011 World Summer Games – official site
International sports competitions hosted by Greece
Special Olympics
Special
S
Multi-sport events in Greece
Sports competitions in Athens
2010s in Athens
Henry Towne Bannon (June 5, 1867 – September 6, 1950) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio for two terms from 1905 to 1909.
Life and career
Bannon was the grandson of Irish immigrants, Edward and Bridget Dervin Bannon. Their father, James. W. Bannon (1841-1916), was a Scioto County Common Pleas Court judge (1884-1887), attorney and business person in Portsmouth. Henry Bannon was born in Portsmouth, Ohio, Bannon attended the public schools of Portsmouth, Ohio State University in Columbus in 1885 and 1886, and graduated from the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor in 1889. Bannon had two brothers, Arthur H. Bannon and James W. Bannon, Jr., and a sister Charlotte Bannon.
They studied law.
They were admitted to the Ohio bar in 1891 and practiced in Portsmouth, Ohio, along with their brother Arthur and their father, both of whom were attorneys, as well.
They served as prosecuting attorney of Scioto County 1897-1902.
Congress and later career
Bannon was elected as a Republican to the Fifty-ninth and Sixtieth Congresses (March 4, 1905 – March 3, 1909).
They were not a candidate for renomination in 1908.
They resumed the practice of law and served as delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1924, 1928, 1932, 1936, and 1940.
They served as a director of the First National Bank, National Bank of Portsmouth, Oak Hill Savings Bank, and the Selby Shoe Co..
They also engaged in literary pursuits.
Death
They died in Portsmouth, Ohio, September 6, 1950.
They were interred in Greenlawn Cemetery.
Local History
Bannon wrote two popular books on local Portsmouth and Scioto County history. Scioto Sketches: An Account of Discovery and Settlement of Scioto County, Ohio was published in 1920 and described Indian settlements and early interactions with European settlers, historic flora and fauna, and Indian mounds and relics. Bannon's second book, Stories Old and Often Told: Being Chronicles of Scioto County, Ohio, was published in 1927 and it expanded on their previous work to include the War of 1812, early transportation in the area, and early industry, among other topics.
Indian Head Rock
Bannon's interest in Indians and local history is reflected in their efforts to document and publicize the Indian Head Rock, a local artifact, which they examined in 1894 and 1920. They wrote an account of the Indian Head Rock for the Ohio State Archaeology and Historic Society which was published in the society's journal in 1921.
Publications
- local history
- local history
References
Sources
External links
1867 births
1950 deaths
People from Portsmouth, Ohio
Ohio State University alumni
University of Michigan alumni
County district attorneys in Ohio
20th-century American politicians
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Lynbreck Croft is a farm near Tomintoul in the Highlands of Scotland. The land is held under crofting tenure and the activities of start-up farmers Lynn Cassells and Sandra Baer were showcased on the BBC programme This Farming Life in 2019. The property enjoys the “magnificent backdrop of the Cairngorms”.
Farming activities
Located in Strathspey at a height of about above sea level, Lynbreck Croft was purchased by Cassells and Baer in 2016.
They had been working as rangers for the National Trust in southern England but shared “this pipe dream of living closer to the land and having more connection with the food we eat.” Originally looking for a small holding of up to in size they “instantly fell in love” with Lynbreck when they visited it and set about re-creating the property as a viable farm after three decades of neglect.
They practice regenerative agriculture using rotational grazing and see themselves as “nature friendly farmers”. They have planted up to 30,000 trees on the croft and as of 2019 they have nine Highland cattle, 70 laying hens, 12 rare breed Oxford Sandy and Black pigs and 6 beehives.
Media interest and awards
In 2018 they won Best Crofting Newcomer awarded by the Scottish Crofting Federation at the Spirit of Crofting Festival and the Cairngorms Nature Farm Award awarded by the Cairngorms National Park Authority.
In 2019 Cassells and Baer (who come from Irish and Swiss backgrounds respectively) featured in the third series of This Farming Life in 2019 from episode 3 onwards. Interviewed about the filming, they said: “It was a terrifying experience to begin with, as we were doing everything for the first time and we were doing it in front of cameras”.
In 2019 they also won the Nature of Scotland Food and Farming Award, sponsored by The James Hutton Institute and were the UK winners of the Newbie award for innovative new entrants.
Notes
Citations
References
Taylor, Claire (30 November 2019) “TFL”s Lynn and Sandra: Building a diverse and profitable croft”. The Scottish Farmer. Glasgow. Retrieved 7 December 2019
External links
Lynbreck Croft website
‘'This Farming Life'' at BBC2
Badenoch and Strathspey
Farms in Scotland
Crofting
Organic farming in the United Kingdom
Staley Field in Decatur, Illinois, United States, was the home of the Decatur Staleys club of the American Professional Football Association in 1920, coached and managed by the young George Halas, who also played for the team.
The team was owned by the A. E. Staley Manufacturing Company, for which Staley Field was the company athletic field.
Staley Field was also used by the company baseball team during the summer months, and Halas also played on that team. The field was also used by the Decatur entry in the Three-I League in 1915 and 1922–23.
Although the Staley football team was popular in 1920, it struggled financially, partly due to Staley Field's 1,500 seating capacity. Fans were charged $1 to attend games and company employees received a 50 percent discount, which was not economically feasible for the Staleys and prompted Halas to move games to Cubs Park (now Wrigley Field) in Chicago.
The Staley company sold the team to Halas and their partners, who transferred the team to Cubs Park in 1921. As part of the deal, they operated under the "Staley" name for one more season. They proceeded to win the APFA championship that season. For 1922, they renamed themselves the Chicago Bears in order to associate themselves with their landlords.
Location
Michael Benson's Ballparks of North America locates the field at Eldorado and 22nd Streets. In fact, the Staley company's own address was 2200 East Eldorado Street. City directories and maps pinpoint the location more precisely, and the external link to the aerial photo places it in relation to the factory complex.
The 1921 city directory gives the location of "Staley Athletic Field" as "North 7th corner Wabash". Wabash, which was the second street north of Eldorado, teed into 7th from the east. The directory shows both A E Staley Mfg Co. and Staley Athletic Field on North Seventh Street. The next entity north is the Wabash Railroad shops. 7th ran along the east edge of the plant, and has since been renumbered to 25th Street. The Wabash Railroad tracks ran along the north edge of the plant, with the shops on the other side of the tracks. The eventual 22nd Street ran along the west edge of the plant.
The 1922 city directory gives the address of Staley Field as 521 North 7th. The 1927 directory says Eldorado corner 7th. By 1929, 7th has become 22nd and Staley Field is no longer listed.
As the data and the photograph indicate, Staley Field was on the east side of 7th (now 22nd), a short distance north of Eldorado. Home plate was in the southeast corner. The third baseline paralleled Eldorado, and left field bordered 7th. Right field was a couple of block south of the railroad tracks.
References
External links
Decatur 1920 record
Aerial photo showing relationship to Staley plant
Defunct baseball venues in the United States
Defunct minor league baseball venues
Defunct American football venues in the United States
Defunct National Football League venues
Chicago Bears stadiums
American football venues in Illinois
Baseball venues in Illinois
Sports venues in Decatur, Illinois
The Supreme Military Council (SMC) was the ruling government of Ghana from 9 October 1975 to 4 June 1979. Its chairperson was Colonel I.K. Acheampong. They were also the Head of state of Ghana due to their chairpersonship.
SMC I and II
The period of the SMC can be divided into two eras. These are :
Acheampong era - SMC - 1 (October 9, 1975 - July 5, 1978)
Akuffo era - SMC 2 - (July 5, 1978 - June 4, 1979)
Formation of the Supreme Military Council
On 9 October 1975, the National Redemption Council was replaced by the Supreme Military Council. Its composition consisted of Acheampong, the chairperson, and the others including all the military service commanders such as Lt. Gen. Akuffo the Chief of Defence Staff, and the army, navy, air force and Border Guards commanders respectively. Some officers were promoted, some changed portfolios and many others were dropped. The Commanders of the First and Second Infantry Brigades of the Ghana Army were also included. It is thought that this coup removed Agbo, Baah and Selormey whom Acheampong had begun to see as a threat. It also made the various service commanders in charge of both the military and the state as there had been some tensions between relatively junior officers in government and the senior commanders of the Armed Forces.
Union government
Acheampong introduced the Union Government concept which will see both the military and civilians involved in government. An ad hoc committee was set up under the Attorney General of Ghana, Gustav Koranteng-Addow to come up with a plan. The Koranteng-Addow committee reported after collating views from around the country that the people of Ghana wanted "a form of representative government of the people, having as its philosophical foundation the concepts of national unity and consensus, and selecting its functionaries from all levels and sections of the community on a basis other than membership of an institutionalised political party or parties". It also advocated for an Executive President and Vice President and a single legislative chamber to be elected by universal adult suffrage. It also suggested a Council of State comprising the Chief of Defence Staff, the Inspector General of Police and representatives of the House of Chiefs. There was some opposition to this concept. It was put to a national referendum on 30 March 1978. One person who voiced concerns about the plans of the government was Lt. Gen. Akwasi Afrifa who was the Head of state of Ghana and Chairman of the National Liberation Council between 1967 and 1969. They stated in a letter to Acheampong and published in the Daily Graphic newspaper of 1 February 1978 among others that ...I feel greatly disturbed about the future after your government... ...In order to discourage the military from staging coups in the future, how about if they line all of us up and shoot us one by one? ... I do not certainly want to be arrested, given some sort of trial and shot. These are genuine fears. All members of the N.L.C., including Gen. Joseph Ankrah, are involved. I still have no regrets whatsoever about my part in the operations of 1966. My fears even increase when I look at the Koranteng-Addow Report as a whole. I do not like the Union Government as proposed in the report. The political forces militating against it are too strong. ... I do not see how I can be SECURE in the Union Government. I do not also see how you yourself can be secure in that government....
The SMC went on to organise the Union Government referendum on 30 March 1978. The SMC's union government won the referendum. The Electoral Commission Commissioner, Justice I. K. Abban went into hiding for their own safety. Four days later, they were accompanied by the Catholic Archbishop of Cape Coast, John Kodwo Amissah and Hilary Senoo of the Catholic Secretariat and the Rev. M. C. Awotwe Pratt of the Methodist Church. Acheampong assured Abban that they had nothing against them and that they could go back to the bench.
Opposition
In November 1975, J. H. Mensah, Finance Minister in the Busia government was jailed by an Accra Special Court together with Kwame Karikari, a former private secretary of Busia and I. C. Quaye, a former Progress Party MP for Ayawaso between 1969 and 1972 for publishing material against the SMC. In September 1976, the Ghana Bar Association asked the SMC to abolish the military tribunals in the country and also to initiate steps towards returning the country to civilian rule. Groups which had campaigned against Union government, including the People's Movement for Freedom and Justice (PMFJ), The Third Force and the Front for Prevention of Dictatorship were banned shortly after the referendum. The PMFJ was formed in January 1978 and led by Komla Gbedemah, Akwasi Afrifa and William Ofori Atta. Gbedemah, Ofori Atta, Victor Owusu, John Bilson and Adu Boahen were placed in detention. Others opposed to union government and the SMC went into exile. Opposition and discontent within the military and the general population continued throughout 1978. At the start of the Union government project, two officers who raised concerns were removed. They were Rear Admiral C. K. Dzang, Navy commander and Brigadier Joseph Nunoo-Mensah.
Palace coup
There had been growing tension within the military as with the worsening economic situation and the aftermath of the referendum that was widely believed to be rigged, many soldiers felt that the reputation of the military was being tarnished by politics and that the military had to return to barracks. Some senior officers in the SMC tried to raise this issue but Acheampong blamed the military hierarchy for loss of military prestige. Akuffo initiated a plot to replace Acheampong under the pretext of the meetings of the Military Advisory Council and it ended with Rear Admiral Amedume chairing a meeting where senior officers agreed for the need for the withdrawal of the military from government. The meeting moved to the residence of Acheampong where Akuffo read a speech informing Acheampong that the armed forces wanted them to step down. They were forced to sign a resignation letter after being convinced that they no more had the support of their colleagues. On 5 July 1978, it was announced to the nation that Acheampong had resigned as chairperson of the SMC and had also voluntarily retired from the Ghana Armed Forces. This was done apparently in the interest of the nation. They were replaced by Lt. Gen. Akuffo who was the Chief of Defence Staff. Major General R. E. A. Kotei, the Army Commander became the new Chief of Defence Staff. Brigadier N. A. Odartey-Wellington was promoted to Major General and made the new Army Commander. Colonel I. K. Amoah replaced Odartey-Wellington as Commander of the First Infantry Brigade, thus becoming a member of the NRC. Brigadier Joseph Nunoo-Mensah, Chief of Staff of the Ministry of Defence was also made a member of the NRC.
15 May 1979 mutiny
Towards the end of the SMC2 era, discontent had led to a national strike by nurses. Lower ranks in the army also felt disillusioned about pay and were convinced that resources meant for them were being siphoned of by corrupt senior officers. There was a growing feeling that these officers should not be allowed to return to the barracks without being punished for the ill-gotten gains. There were apparently multiple coup plots but the first to act was that led by FLight Lt. Jerry Rawlings, an Air Force officer who was charismatic and very popular with their enlisted men. On 15 May 1979, they initiated the mutiny. They held a number of hostages at the air force base. They and their colleagues were surrounded by the armoured regiment led by Major Abubakar Sulemana, their commander and subsequently arrested. The public prosecutor during their trial was G. E. K. Aikins. Their remarks were critical of military rule in Ghana and painted Rawlings as "an idealist motivated by nationalism and a concern for the poor". This gave Rawlings positive publicity both in the army and among the general public.
Overthrow of the SMC
An alternative coup plot by a group known as the Free Africa Movement involved junior officers and other ranks. They were planning for a coup for a much later date. Their leader was Major Boakye-Djan of the Fifth Infantry Battalion. One of their team, Corporal Peter Tasiri, initiated the plot for a coup. They were arrested together with Lt. Baah Achamfuor, whom they had tried to recruit. Some of their colleagues who managed to avoid arrest arranged a jail break to release Rawlings and their colleagues. A guard and one of the conspirators were reportedly killed at this stage. Rawlings was released and announced the coup but there appeared to be a lot of confusion as there was no clear leadership for the coup attempt throughout the day. Captain Henry Smith of the First Infantry Battalion helped with ammunition. One of the SMC members, the Army Commander Major General Odartey-Wellington led the effort to quell the mutiny. They announced at one stage that the coup had been quelled and requested a meeting with Rawlings. They were however killed later in a gun battle at the Nima Police Station which they were using temporarily as their base. In the evening, Lieutenant General Joshua Hamidu, the Chief of Defence Staff announced that the SMC government had been overthrown.
Members of the Acheampong government (SMC 1)
The council consisted of the Head of state and all service commanders of the Ghana Armed Forces. The head of the police was also included. Many members of the government changed porfolios while others were dropped.
The reconstituted National Redemption Council
The various commissioners were designated as members of the reconstituted National Redemption Council (NRC) as membership of the SMC was now limited to the Head of State, the Inspector General of Police and the various military service commanders and the Border Guards commander only. The Commanders of the First and Second Infantry Brigades were also included in the NRC under the SMC. Eleven members of the NRC government including E. N. Moore who had been present since January 1972 as well as various ten other military officers were dropped.
Members of Akuffo government (SMC 2)
Following a bloodless palace coup on 5 July 1978, the SMC was reconstituted. General Acheampng was forced to resign as head of state and placed under house arrest. This government remained in power until its overthrow eleven months later by the Armed Forces Revolutionary Council on 4 June 1979.
Monday 4 June 1979
References
Sources
Some of the information here was originally on the German Wikipedia.
External sources
Past General Officers Commanding /chiefs of the Defence Staff
Past Army Commanders / Chiefs of Army Staff
Past Chiefs of Naval Staff 1959 - 2000
Past Chiefs of Air Staff
1978 in Ghana
Conflicts in 1975
1979 in Ghana
Military of Ghana
Military coups in Ghana
Governments of Ghana
Politics of Ghana
1978 establishments in Ghana
1979 disestablishments in Ghana
June 1979 events in Africa
1970s coups d'état and coup attempts
Military dictatorships
The theory of mediation, which is the principal referent of the research group of the Interdisciplinary Laboratory for Language Research (L.I.R.L.), is a theoretic model developed at Rennes (France) since the 1960' by Professor Jean Gagnepain, linguist and epistemologist. This model, whose principles Jean Gagnepain has methodically set forth in their three volume study On Meaning (Du Vouloir Dire), covers the whole field of the human sciences. One essential feature of the theory is that it seeks to find a kind of experimental verification of its theorems in the clinic of psychopathology. For this reason, the theory presents itself as a "clinical anthropology".
The theoretic model developed by Gagnepain and their research group at Rennes has inspired the work of professors and researchers in a number of European countries and in the United States in a wide variety of disciplinary fields, among them linguistics, literature, psychology, art history, archeology, psychoanalysis, theology. Its aim is deliberately trans-disciplinary - or, as Gagnepain humorously puts it, the theory of mediation cultivates "in-discipline".
A theory of culture
This model, originally developed with respect to language, today takes for its object the entirety of what is called "the cultural", that is, the dimension that specifies human beings and distinguishes them from other living species. In other words, "the cultural" constitutes the specific order of reality in which only human beings participate. It is the cultural order that permits human beings, while remaining natural beings, to constantly transcend their natural being in abstracting themselves from it.
The theory of mediation understands the cultural order - more simply, culture - not as the totality of the essential works of a society, nor as the general state of a given civilization, but as the ensemble of properly human capacities which, absent pathological conditions, all human beings share regardless of their historical epoch or geographical setting. For the theory of mediation, culture and reason - the "rationality" which philosophers have discussed for centuries - are identical. The human sciences, understood as the theory of mediation understands them, take up in their own distinctive fashion the questions which philosophy has treated only speculatively.
A clinical anthropology
Gagnepain's work shows, on the basis of what the clinic forces us to recognize, that human reason is diffracted. In other words, rationality in human beings has several different forms which the clinic requires us to dissociate. Reason is logical, to be sure, but it is equally and just as fundamentally technical, ethnical, and ethical. There is no hierarchy among these different "planes" or "levels" of rationality that constitute psychic life.
On each of these planes or levels, human being mediate their relations to the world and others (thus the term "mediation"). Unlike the other animals, human beings are not limited to what their immediate physiological capacities allow them to grasp. They can stand back from, or take a distance from, their natural insertion in the world and can elaborate those cultural mediations that are constitutive of a properly human reality.
In Kantian terms, it is a question of passing from a description of an already constituted reason to an explanation of a constituting reason. It is a question, therefore, of accounting for that in human beings which, without their knowing it, makes them capable of posing the world - and of posing it not only in one way, by knowing it, as the traditional analysis holds, but in four different ways on the basis of four different capacities.
To be sure, human beings manifest the world in and across the words they speak : with them, they designate the world and explain it to themselves. In so doing, they realize their logical capacity. Human beings also manifest the world in and across their tools : with them, they fabricate the world and, in doing so, they realize their technical capacity. Human beings likewise manifest the world in originating their histories and societies, realizations not of their logical or their technical capacities but of their ethnic capacity. Finally, human beings manifest the world in the norms and regulations to which they submit their desires. Here is it question of their ethical capacity.
The possible autonomisation of the four planes (or levels or modes) of our rationality is revealed by the clinic. Although "normally" the four modes of our rationality function together in such a way that it is hardly possible to distinguish them, pathologically it does become possible to distinguish them, as, for example, when one mode of rationality ceases to function in an afflicted person whereas the others continue to do so. Each plane of rationality has its specific pathology. The pathology specific to the logical plane is aphasia; the pathology specific to the technical plane is atechnia ; the pathology specific to the ethnical plane is psychosis (and perversion) ; the pathology specific to the ethical plane is neurosis (and psychopathic conditions).
In other words, pathology dissociates what normally cannot be distinguished and puts into evidence processes otherwise unseen. In this way, as Freud recognized, pathology provides a veritable analysis, that is, a breakdown, of the human psyche. Gagnepain therefore makes it a methodological rule "to admit or to impute to a system only those dissociations that are pathologically verifiable."
References
External links
Bibliography and Resources
Gagnepain Jean (1990). Du Vouloir Dire I, Bruxelles, De Boeck. (in French)
Gagnepain Jean (1991). Du Vouloir Dire II, Bruxelles, De Boeck. (in French)
Gagnepain Jean (1994). Introductory Lessons to the Theory of Mediation (in french), Louvain, Peeters. A new corrected edition can be downloaded, under a new title, from the website of the Jean Gagnepain Institute : Eight Introductory Lessons on the Theory of Mediation (in french) (This numeric edition is now the reference edition).
Le Débat 2006/3 (n° 140). has published a special issue on the theory of mediation (in French).
Acts of the First International Colloquium of Clinical Anthropology, Anthropo-logiques 2 Louvain-La-Neuve, Peeters, 1989. (in French).
Brackelaire Jean-Luc (1995). La personne et la société. Principes et changements de l'identité et de la responsabilité, Bruxelles, De Boeck. (in French)
Dartiguenave Jean-Yves (2010). Pour une sociologie du travail social, Rennes, Presses Universitaires de Rennes. (in French)
Dartiguenave Jean-Yves et Garnier Jean-François (2008). Un savoir de référence pour le travail social, Toulouse, Érès. (in French)
Ewens Thomas (1997). « The Human Sciences in Question: Lonergan and Gagnepain », Method. Journal of Lonergan Studies, Volume 15, Number 1, Spring 1997. Available on LonerganResource
Ewens Thomas (1994). « Rethinking the Question of Quality in Arts », Arts Education Policy Review, Volume 96, Issue 2.
Ewens Thomas (1993). « Gramarye: or the Theory of Mediation and the Idea of the University », in Ed Block Jr. (Ed.), Ideas for the University: Proceedings of Marquette University's Mission Seminar and Conference, Milwaukee (WI), Marquette University Press, 1995.
Ewens Thomas (1992). « Human Sciences and Art Education: The Theory of Mediation », Design For Arts in Education, Volume 93, Issue 6 (now Arts Education Policy Review). (Print), (Online)
Guyard Hubert (2009). La plainte douloureuse, Rennes, Presses Universitaires de Rennes. (in French).
Le Bot Jean-Michel (2013), The Social Bond and the Person. Toward a Clinical Sociology, English translation of a condensed and slightly modified version of a book first published in French under the title Le lien social et la personne. Pour une sociologie clinique, Rennes, Presses Universitaires de Rennes, 2010. .
Le Bot, J.-M., De Guibert, C., Beaud, L. and Gaborieau P. (2012). Clinical Anthropology and Animal Language, English translation of a paper first published in Études Rurales, 2012/1, n° 189, p. 75-90. http://halshs.archives-ouvertes.fr/halshs-00763708
Le Gall Didier (1998). Des apraxies aux atechnies, Bruxelles, De Boeck (in French).
Meurant Laurence (2008). Le regard en langue des signes – Anaphore en langue des signes française de Belgique (LSFB) : morphologie, syntaxe, énonciation, Presses universitaires de Namur et Presses universitaires de Rennes. (in French).
Osiurak, F., Jarry, C., & Le Gall, D. (2011). Re-examining the gesture engram hypothesis. New perspectives on apraxia of tool use. Neuropsychologia, Volume 49, Issue 3, p. 299-312. DOI: 10.1016/j.neuropsychologia.2010.12.041
Osiurak, F., Jarry, C., & Le Gall, D. (2010). Grasping the affordances. Understanding the reasoning. Toward a dialectical theory of human tool use. Psychological Review, Volume 117, Issue 2, p. 517-540. DOI: 10.1037/a0019004
Osiurak, F., Jarry, C., Allain, P., Aubin, G., Etcharry-Bouyx, F., Richard, I., Bernard, I., & Le Gall, D. (2009). Unusual Use of objects after unilateral brain damage. The technical reasoning model. Cortex, Volume 45, Issue 6, p. 769-783. DOI: 10.1016/j.cortex.2008.06.013
Quentel Jean-Claude (2007). Les fondements des sciences humaines, Toulouse, Erès. (in French).
Sabouraud Olivier (1995). Le langage et ses maux, Paris, Odile Jacob. (in French)
Schotte Jean-Claude (1997). La raison éclatée, Bruxelles, De Boeck. / FR (in French)
Further reading
Jean Gagnepain Institute (in French)
Website of the Interdisciplinary Laboratory for Language Research, Rennes, France (in French)
More bibliographical references on the theory of mediation (in French)
A tribute to professor Jean Gagnepain by Olivier Sabouraud on the website of the Espace des sciences, Rennes (in French)
Has the Theory of Mediation a Place in a Sociological Review ? by Jean-Michel Le Bot, in Socio-logos, one-line review of the French Association of Sociology (in French).
Introduction to the Theory of Mediation by Jean-Luc Lamotte.
Anthropology of Art (in French)
Rethinking Technology II by Thomas Ewens
Deconstructing the Sacred with the Theory of Mediation, M.A. Dissertation in Religious Studies, by Bernard Couapel, University of lancaster (UK), 2005-2006 (download a pdf version)
Cognitive science
Upper Harbledown is a village in Harbledown and Rough Common civil parish about west of Canterbury, Kent, England. The population is roughly 400.
History
The village lies on or very close to the ancient trackway known as Watling Street. This became the main A2 road from London to Canterbury and Dover, which ran through the centre of the village before it was bypassed.
Amenities
The village has a village green, a children's play area, and a village hall. It did have a public house, The Plough, and a garden centre, but these have both closed down.
References
External links
Villages in Kent
City of Canterbury
Edward Johnson (1833 - 2 November 1894) was an English Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1880 to 1885.
Johnson was the son of John Johnson of St Osyth's Priory, Essex, and their wife Ann Haward, daughter of William Haward of Battersea. They were educated at King's College London and became a merchant in London. They were J.P. for Devon.
At the 1880 general election Johnson was elected Member of Parliament for Exeter. They held the seat until 1885 when the representation was reduced from two members to one under the Redistribution of Seats Act 1885.
Johnson died in Algiers at the age of 61.
Johnson married Eliza Matilda Pellier daughter of Philip Pellier of Jersey, in 1855 and they had one child. Their wife died prior to their election as an MP.
References
External links
1833 births
1895 deaths
Alumni of King's College London
UK MPs 1880–1885
Liberal Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Exeter
The Fuse: Or How I Burned Simon Bolivar (Kako sam Zapalio Simona Bolivara) is a 2011 Canadian documentary short film directed by Igor Drljaca. The film recounts Drljaca's childhood belief that they were personally responsible for the outbreak of the Bosnian Civil War because they tried to avoid a poor grade on a school assignment. They revisit family VHS tapes to recount how their childhood collides with forces they couldn't possibly comprehend. In doing so, they transform this deeply personal story of trauma into a much more universal reflection on lost innocence, and how being a child can be accompanied by simultaneous, paradoxical feelings of both boundless power and crushing powerlessness.
The film premiered at the 2011 Toronto International Film Festival, and was named to the festival's annual year-end Canada's Top Ten list. It had its international premiere at South by Southwest in 2012. It was a nominee for Best Short Documentary at the 1st Canadian Screen Awards.
References
External links
, posted by Timelapse Pictures
2011 short films
2011 films
2011 documentary films
Biographical documentary films
Canadian short documentary films
Films directed by Igor Drljaca
2010s Canadian films
Tommy Cole (born December 20, 1941) is an American make-up artist, actor, and singer who appeared as a Mouseketeer on the Mickey Mouse Club television series.
Early life
Although born in Burbank, California, Tommy Cole grew up in the Los Angeles suburb of La Cañada. They were self-motivated toward performing from an early age, despite some disapproval from their family. Their father was an editor of the Los Angeles Herald Examiner; their mother later worked part-time at movie studios as a welfare guardian for minor children. They have one older brother, John Cole.
Career
Performer
Cole started as a musician, playing the accordion as a young teenager with three other kids in a western swing band. The band played in amateur contests and small clubs, and even managed to get a one-time gig on Ray Bolger's mid-1950s television show Where's Raymond? Besides playing the accordion, they were also the band's singer. When the ensemble auditioned together at the Disney Studio for The Mickey Mouse Club in spring 1955, they were the only one selected to join the cast of Mouseketeers.
Cole's singing ability earned them a transfer to The Mickey Mouse Club's first-string Red Team midway through the 1955–56 season. They remained with the show for its final two seasons (1956–1958) of original programming and, after filming stopped, attended Hollywood Professional School and went on live-performance tours with other Mouseketeers to Australia in 1959 and 1960. For the next several years Tommy Cole's career was based on live-singing at teenage clubs, public events, and as an opening act for other performers. They attended Pasadena City College, did a hitch in the Air Force, and had guest star parts on a few television shows. By 1964, they had realized that their days as a performer were ending, and so looked around for some other way to stay in show business.
Make-up artist
While acting in an episode of My Three Sons in 1963, Cole had started learning make-up technique from one of the show's regular artists. They soon joined the craft as an apprentice, working first for ABC, then later in the 1960s for NBC. They began freelancing as a make-up artist in the early seventies, gathering Emmy nominations in 1975 for Masquerade Party and 1978 for Once Upon a Brothers Grimm, before winning, along with Mark Bussan and Ron Walters, in 1979 for Backstairs at the White House.
Cole has since been nominated for Emmy awards for the miniseries Right to Die (1988), the television series Wings (1996), and most recently for the TV special Gepetto (2000), for which they shared in winning the Hollywood Makeup Artists and Hairstylist Guild Award.
Personal life
Tommy's wife Aileen is a former dancer. They met in Korea, on a USO tour in the mid-1960s, and married after they had both returned stateside. They have two children.
Select filmography
Select credits as makeup artist
Masquerade Party TV series (1974)
Once Upon a Brothers Grimm TV Movie (1977)
Backstairs at the White House TV Miniseries (1979)
Pretty in Pink (1986) ... makeup artist
Right to Die TV Movie (1987)
L.A. Confidential (1997)
Presence of Mind (1999)
Forever Fabulous (1999)
Gepetto TV special (2000)
Sorority Boys (2002; Head of makeup department)
Select credits as actor
The Mickey Mouse Club series regular (1955–1958)
Disneyland: The Fourth Anniversary Show (1957)
Leave It to Beaver (episode: "Borrowed Boat"; 1959)
My Three Sons (episode: "A Car of Their Own"; 1963)
The Wonderful World of Disney ("The Mouseketeer Reunion"; 1980)
The Mickey Mouse Club Story'' (1995 documentary)
References
External links
Tommy Cole profile
Living people
1941 births
Mouseketeers
Male actors from California
People from Burbank, California
People from La Cañada Flintridge, California
John Neville Morphett (1 August 1932 – 25 March 2016) was an Australian architect, known for their role as lead designer of the Adelaide Festival Centre.
Early life and education
John was born in Johor Bahru, Malaya, a son of surveyor John William Morphett and their wife Nellie, née Ireland. They were educated at Christ Church Grammar School, Perth and St Peter's College, Adelaide, and studied architecture at the University of Adelaide and the South Australian School of Mines and Industries.
During university semester breaks, Morphett worked part-time for architects Hassell, McConnell and Partners, with whom they were employed after graduation, and had a continuing relationship for forty years. They undertook further training in architecture at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology Graduate School, where lecturers included Le Corbusier, Philip Johnson, Richard Neutra and Paul Rudolph, and graduated with a Master of Architecture degree. From 1957 to 1961 was employed with The Architects' Collaborative in Boston, where they were involved in a collaboration with Walter Gropius.
Career in Adelaide
In 1962 Morphett returned to Adelaide and joined Hassell, McConnell and Partners. They were made a partner in Hassell Architects in 1967 and a director in 1975. They became managing director of the Hassell Group in 1979, and in 1992 was made chairperson of Hassell Pty Ltd.
They retired in 1997, but continued to act as a consultant to the company.
The works which they are most associated are the Bragg Laboratories for the University of Adelaide (1962) and the Adelaide Festival Centre, which opened in 1973 and is regarded as notable example of Modernist architecture.
Other interests
Morphett had a range of interests and memberships:
They were a member of the Adelaide Chamber of Commerce and its successors the Chamber of Commerce and Industry SA Inc. and the Employers' Chamber. They were a board member of the Australian Chamber of Commerce from 1990 to 1992.
They served on the National Trust of SA council 1985/1986).
They were a board member of the Australian Dance Theatre.
They were a member of Jaycees and Rotary International.
They were a member of the Adelaide Festival of the Arts board and its Chairman 2001/2002.
Recognition
1956: Associate of the South Australian Institute of Architects 1956
1981/1982: President, SA chapter of the Royal Australian Institute of Architects (RAIA)
1997: RAIA State president's medal
2000: RAIA Gold medal
1996: Member of the Order of Australia
1996: Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE)
Family
John Morphett married Vivienne June Williams in 1955; they had four sons and a daughter.
References
Further reading
20th-century Australian architects
1932 births
2016 deaths
Recipients of the Royal Australian Institute of Architects' Gold Medal
Members of the Order of Australia
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Modernist architects
St Athan () is a village and community in the Vale of Glamorgan in South Wales. The village and its parish church are dedicated to Saint Tathan. The church dates to the 13th–14th century, though an earlier church was dated to the Norman period. The village and the adjacent dormitory village of Eglwys Brewis are known primarily for the MOD St Athan RAF base. There is one pub in the village, as well as a football team at St Athan Football Club and the St Athan Golf Club. The community includes West Aberthaw.
Geography
Located in the Vale of Glamorgan, St Athan lies off the B4265 road, roughly by road northwest of downtown Barry. A 1632 survey defined the boundaries of the manor of St Athan by Eglwys Brewis and Castleton to the north; South Orchard, West Orchard and Llantwit Major to the west, Gileston and the Bristol Channel to the south; and East Orchard and the River Thaw to the east.
Climate
History
Origins
Legend holds that Tathan was an Irish monk who was in a boat which ran aground at Portskewett, after being blown across the Bristol Channel, around 540 AD. They founded a monastery and school and is said to have been buried in the orchard of the vicarage at Caerwent. However, somewhat confusingly, a Tathan the Younger is said to be buried at St Athan Parish Church, although the exact location of the grave is unknown. Others say the village obtained its name from Tathana, granddaughter of Meuric ap Tewdric of Trebeferad (Boverton), who lived a humble life as a nun in a mud hut on the River Thaw, near the Old Mill; they were associated with the monastic school of nearby Llantwit Major, and was buried at the church.
Early history
Historical records indicate that in the Taxatio (1291) and Valor Ecclesiasticus (1535) the village was named Llandathan and the parish church named simply Tathana's. St Athan's comprised three sub-manors: Castleton, East Orchard, and West Orchard. The early history of the parish of Eglwys Brewis records that it was situated in the manor of St Athan and was held by the same lordship as that of Castleton. Roman coins have been discovered in the vicinity including a find in 1798 in a field between St Athan and Eglwys Brewis. The Castleon manor existed in St Athan from the Norman period under the lordship of the Nerber family. Norman castles were later constructed in West Orchard and East Orchard as manorial residences. In 1320, a Richard de Nerber was said to have "retained only half a knight's fee at St Athan." However, from around 1240, the Berkerolles family appear to have received entitlements to the manorial estates of West and East Orchard and built a new manor house in West Orchard and later at East Orchard in 1377. The earlier Norman castles appear to have been destroyed by Ifor Bach. The Berkerolles family's influence grew stronger in the 14th century. Sir Roger Berkerolles died in 1351; a tomb is dedicated to them in the parish church, which also contains their parents' remains. The current church is mainly dated to the 14th century and it is thought the Norman church originally here was ordered to be rebuilt by the Berkerolles. Later, the manor fell under the Stradling family.
Modern history
In 1811, A Topographical Dictionary of the Dominion of Wales by Nicholas Carlisle included the following entry on St Athan:
ATHAN, ST., in the Cwmwd of Maenor Glynn Ogwr, Cantref of Cron Nedd (now called the Hundred of Ogmore), County of GLAMORGAN, South Wales: a Rectory, valued in the King's Books at £15..9..7: Patron, Robert Jones, Esq.: Church dedicated to St. Athanasius. The Resident Population of this Parish, in 1801, was 264. The Money raised by the Parish Rates, in 1803, was £125..17..1, at 1s..8d. in the pound. It is 6 1/2 m. S. from Cowbridge. This Parish contains 1300 Acres of cultivated Land. In this Parish are the ruins of East Orchard, one of the twelve Norman Castles, and the Site of West Orchard, another Castle of later date: As well as the Port of West Aber Ddaw, so much noted for the superiority of its Lime. In 1847, the village had a population of about 379 people.
The village was served by St Athan Road railway station between 1892 and 1930. There is no longer any local rail connection.
Although a settlement has existed at St Athan for over a thousand years, St Athan and its dormitory village of Eglwys Brewis significantly enlarged around the nearby MOD St Athan RAF base. This unit is home to the Special Forces Support Group, the DSG large aircraft maintenance unit and an element of the Defence College of Electro-Mechanical Engineering. In 2010 it was announced that a proposed £14 billion defence training academy, which would have created 2,000 jobs, had been cancelled by the government as part of the 8% cut in the Strategic Defence and Security Review.
On 11 February 2009 two Air Experience Flights by the Air Training Corps left RAF St Athan and collided in mid-air, killing the pilots and two female Cadets. An investigation was launched.
On 23 February 2016 Aston Martin announced that their new factory to build its DBX crossover model would be located on the airfield at St Athan. Construction of the 90-acre site would commence in 2017, with a total investment of $280 million and the creation of 750 jobs. The factory would be located in the existing buildings on the site. The U.S. state of Alabama, along with two UK sites and a Middle Eastern location, had been on Aston's shortlist for the factory. Aston unveiled the DBX at the 2015 Geneva Auto Show; DBX production will start in 2020 with an output of up to 5,000 units a year envisaged.
Politics and administration
St Athan Community Council
St Athan has a community council of 13 seats, including a chairperson, and separately one clerk. The council represents the three community wards of St Athan, Gileston and Flemingston. The chairperson sits at the top of the table, with deputy to chair's right and clerk to chair's left.
Political make-up
Community ward remit
The community ward of St Athan includes the Village of St Athan and the Castleton Residential Park.
The community ward of Flemingston includes the village of Flemingston, half the village of Eglwys Brewis (which is split between the Ex MOD housing estate West Camp, the Northern "Bird's Estate"), the East Camp Ex-MOD housing estate which does not make up any village, the hamlet of New Barn and the area known as Beggars Pound.
The community ward of Gileston covers the village of Gileston, the soon-to-be housing estate of the Old Boys Village, the houses collected within West Aberthaw and Limpert Bay.
County council
See also St Athan (electoral ward)
St Athan is the name of the electoral ward, coterminous with the community, which elects one county councillor to the Vale of Glamorgan Council.
The current county councillor, Cllr John Thomas, has been the incumbent since the 1999 election when they beat the sitting Labour councillor by only 17 votes. They became leader of the council in May 2017.
Notable buildings and monuments
The following landmarks are listed buildings of St Athan and its sub-manors:
Parish Church of St Athan
The main entrance to the Grade I listed Parish Church of St Athan (partially restored 1888–90) lies on the south porch, which contains the remains of a sundial and displays the Berkerolles coat of arms, dated to the 13th or 14th century. The windows are dated to the 14th century and the tomb in the south wall remains untouched, although the tomb in the west window was restored in 1934. The large rounded font which stands on a square three-foot high base is made of Sutton stone retrieved from the Ogmore River and appears to date to the earlier Norman church. The church bells date to 1635, 1707, 1720 and 1744, and two further bells were added in 1919; this is commemorated next to the hymn board. The church contains effigies of Sir Roger Berkerolles and their wife, Katherine Turberville, the eldest sister of Sir Richard Turberville of Coity Castle.
Bethesda'r Fro Chapel
The Bethesda'r Fro Chapel, a United Reformed Church chapel, dates from 1807. Roger's Lane, a lane leading from St Athan to the chapel is reportedly haunted and phantom funerals have been reported in the area with witnesses hearing funeral music and a procession and nobody is there. One elderly farmer recognized several of the mourners and the procession halted before a house before vanishing. St Athan is also said to be haunted by a lady in white.
Old Rectory
The Old Rectory is dated to the early to mid-19th century. Built of stone, the porch included fluted pilasters. The Old Rectory was converted to a school in around 1960 but now contains flats.
Dwellings
A number of dwellings in the village hold listed status in recognition of their special architectural or historic interest. Cadw, the governmental body that administers the listings, designated Myrtle Cottage as Grade II. It is the last cottage in the area with a thatched roof, and retains period features such as heavy oak beams and an old iron bread-oven. New Barn Cottage, a 3 bedroom formerly-thatched cottage was part of the Radcliffe estate until it was sold in 1928. The Croft is a cottage which dates to the late 19th or early 20th century and is noted for its rounded-head door opening and symmetrical facade. Also of note is The Willows, a late-17th-century farmhouse which once featured in Glamorgan Farmhouses.
East Orchard, a castle within the village, was built in 1691 by Roger Berkerolles; curiously, in 1843, a wild fig tree grew out of the cement of the chapel walls. West Farm is a Grade II listed building, dated to the early 16th century with 19th-century alterations. Formerly thatched roofed, it has "dressed stone tudor-arched doorways, straight-cut with fillet ceiling timbers and gable-entry stone stairs" and "castellated stone bay windows". West Orchard Farm is also a Grade II listed building, c. 17th century. Its unusual architectural features include its five inline chimneys, a "Tudor arched doorway, broad chamfered beams and gabled porch".
Monuments
The war memorial is located on the grass along the B4265 road at Gileston Cross to the south of the village. It was built in around 1920 to commemorate those who died during the First World War. The memorial, built from Portland stone ashlar, is a square pillar raised on three steps with a dentilated cornice, capped by a ball. The Church of St Athan contains monuments of the Berkerolles family with recumbent figures of a knight and their lady.
Former holiday camp
See St Athan's Boys Village.
Education
St Athan Primary School was first mentioned in 1847 and was located in what is now the Old Community Centre, built by the Rayers in about 1860. A new school was built in the mid-1960s and was inaugurated in September 1966. In November 1995 the nursery was established.
St Athan Library is located on Old Church Lane. The library is currently moving from County Council control to a Community Charity after a consultation took place between October and December 2014.
There is also the local newspaper The Llantwit Major GEM. and the MOD St Athan magazine Tathan.
Economy
The village has a post office, a Londis, a Laser and tattoo removal service, a pharmacy, an Esso petrol station and an Aston Martin Lagonda auto plant.
Also see:
Defence Aviation Repair Agency
Army Base Repair Organisation
Aberthaw Power Station
MOD St Athan
Enterprise Zone
Transport
St Athan has had three train stations in the past but are now closed, the Gileston railway station, the St Athan Railway Station aka St Athan Halt and St Athan Road Railway Station.
Taxi services also run to St Athan as a part of the Vale of Glamorgan.
Bus services include the 303, 905 and the X91
Culture
Current
There are two pubs in the village, the Three Horse Shoes and The Roost on Rock Road. There is also a skate park and two community centres, one of which holds an annual fun-day. The village has a football team and the St Athan Golf Club.
St Athan is the poorest rural area in the Vale of Glamorgan.
Mythology
Y Ladi Wen is said to be connected with the village of St Athan.}
References
External links
Aerial photograph
St Athan Community Council website
East Camp Neighbourhood Watch
Villages in the Vale of Glamorgan
Communities in the Vale of Glamorgan
Mehran Fatemi (, born 1978) is an Iranian conservative politician who currently serves as the governor of Yazd Province.
Early life and education
Fatemi was born in Esfandabad in the Yazd province in 1978.He holds a bachelor's degree in Natural Resources Engineering and received a PhD in Meteorology (Climate Hazards) from Yazd university.
References
1978 births
Living people
People from Yazd
Governors of Yazd Province
1935 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the 29th water polo championship in Hungary. There were eight teams who played one-round match for the title.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
2. Class
Budapest: 1. BSE 16, 2. NSC 10, 3. MUE 7, 4. BBTE 7, 5. VAC 0 point.
Eastern Division: Szolnoki MÁV 10, 2. Orosházi UE 9, 3. Egri TE 5, 4. Jászapáti Összetartás SE 0 point.
Western Division: 1. Tatabányai SC 6, 2. Győri UE 5, 3. Pécsi AC 1 point.
Final: 1. BSE, 2. Tatabányai SC, 3. Szolnoki MÁV.
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
Magyar Sport Almanach 1935
1935 in water polo
1935 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
The Slovenian Navy, officially the 430th Naval Division is not a separate service, but an integral part of the Slovenian Armed Forces.
History
The Slovenian navy was created after independence in 1991, as the Territorial Defense Forces of Slovenia had not been equipped with any maritime assets. No significant action of the Ten-Day War occurred at sea. In 1991, a small diving detachment was formed in Ankaran, equipped with sport-diving equipment because of the UN arms embargo against the former Yugoslav republics.
The 430th Naval Division was officially created in 1993. After the embargo was lifted in 1996, Slovenia purchased a single Israeli-built IAI-Ramta Super Dvora Mk2-class patrol boat, which was named Ankaran after the coastal town. In 2008, the Ministry of Defense announced that Slovenia would procure one Russian Project 10412 patrol boat, offered in payment of a multimillion-dollar debt owed to Slovenia. The vessel was subsequently named Triglav, after the mountain and national symbol. Specially equipped for Slovenian needs, it is optimized for a patrol role and lacks the anti-ship missiles of the version in service with the Russian Navy, instead mounting two Rigid-hulled inflatable boat. In June and August 2015 both ships underwent overhaul in Trieste shipyard.
Equipment
Deployments
The Slovenian patrol ship was sent to east Sicily in late 2013 to assist Italy with migrants from North Africa, as a part of Operation Mare Nostrum. In October 2015, Triglav was sent to southern Italy as a part of the European Union's Operation Sophia.
References
Slovenian Armed Forces
Navies by country
Radio Metrowave () was the first private radio station in Bangladesh. The station carried a news and entertainment format that it characterised as "infotainment". It broadcast on frequency 256.41 meter band or 1170 kHz in medium wave, from 7:30a.m. to 10:30a.m. and noon to 3:00p.m. The station served the Dhaka metropolitan area and adjoining districts. It began broadcasting on 26 March 1999.
Programs
Its programs Probhati, Ajker Din, Ganer Pakhi, Metro Hits, Global Rhythm, Rockwave, Nakshi Katha, Metro Sananda, Sonali Otit and Station Rock were, according to the station, popular.
Shutdown
Radio Metrowave was closed down by the government on 27 June 2005 because of its persistent failure to pay off arrears to state-owned Bangladesh Betar, from which it rented a time slot and transmitter.
See also
Communications in Bangladesh
List of Bangladeshi television and radio channels
References
Radio stations in Bangladesh
Radio stations established in 1999
Radio stations disestablished in 2005
1999 establishments in Bangladesh
2005 disestablishments in Bangladesh
Defunct mass media in Bangladesh
The BENE-League Handball 2020-21 was the sixth edition of the multi-national handball competition between Belgium and the Netherlands.
KEMBIT-LIONS won for the second time the BENE-League.
Clubs
Rwgular season
Standings
Results
Final Four
Semifinals
Final
References
External links
Official website
BENE-League Handball
2021–22 domestic handball leagues
Anoplotrupes is a genus of earth-boring dung beetles belonging to the family Geotrupidae subfamily Geotrupinae.
Species
Species within this genus include:
Anoplotrupes balyi (Jekel, 1866)
Anoplotrupes hornii (Blanchard, 1888)
Anoplotrupes stercorosus (Hartmann in L.G. Scriba, 1791)
References
Geotrupidae
Rodrigo Federico Espíndola (29 July 1989 – 13 May 2016) was an Argentine professional footballer who played for Chacarita Juniors, Racing Club, and Nueva Chicago as a defender. They died on 13 May 2016 after being shot during a robbery.
References
1989 births
2016 deaths
Argentine footballers
Chacarita Juniors footballers
Racing Club de Avellaneda footballers
Nueva Chicago footballers
Argentine Primera División players
Primera Nacional players
Primera B Metropolitana players
Association football defenders
Male murder victims
People murdered in Argentina
Deaths by firearm in Argentina
Sportspeople from Buenos Aires Province
Richard Kirk Dunwell (born 17 June 1971 in Islington, England), is an English footballer who played as a forward. They played in the Football League for Millwall, Aldershot, Barnet.
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
English footballers
People from Islington (district)
Millwall F.C. players
Aldershot F.C. players
Collier Row F.C. players
Barnet F.C. players
Cheltenham Town F.C. players
Dagenham & Redbridge F.C. players
Enfield F.C. players
Ebbsfleet United F.C. players
Walton & Hersham F.C. players
Billericay Town F.C. players
Hemel Hempstead Town F.C. players
English Football League players
Association football forwards
Bosherston Lakes or Bosherston Lily Ponds is a lake system with three principal arms. The lakes were created by damming a small river on the Stackpole Estate at Bosherston in Pembrokeshire.
The extent of the lakes is about 100 acres although water levels vary throughout the year with the lowest levels in the summer as water is lost into the underlying limestone aquifer.
The lakes form a part of the 340 acre Stackpole SSSI .
References
Lakes of Wales
William Chapel Rogers III (born December 13, 1938) is a former officer in the United States Navy, most notable as the captain of , a Aegis cruiser. While under their command, the ship shot down Iran Air Flight 655 in the Persian Gulf, killing 290 civilians and creating an international incident.
Early life and career prior to 1988
Rogers was born in Fort Worth, Texas, and grew up in San Antonio, Texas. Their father, William C. Rogers II, was a United States Navy psychologist during World War II. They have a younger brother named Dick, who was paralyzed in an automobile accident, leaving them in a wheelchair. Rogers majored in psychology at Baylor University and earned a master's degree in history from Trinity University in San Antonio. They taught high school science for two years before entering Officer Candidate School.
Rogers was commissioned December 1965 and their first tour of duty was in the engineering department aboard the aircraft carrier, . Their next duty station was , a , stationed at Long Beach then later at Yokosuka, Japan. In December 1969, Rogers reported to , a to be the commissioning operations officer homeported in Charleston, South Carolina. Rogers first command was , an also homeported in Charleston. After attending Armed Forces Staff College in Norfolk, Virginia Rogers worked with three admirals in Washington D.C. and was assigned to the Weapons Systems Evaluation Group under the Secretary of Defense. This duty involved a series of trips to Israel in the wake of the 1973 Yom Kippur War. In 1978, Rogers reported to a to be the commissioning executive officer, second in command. They would later command , another Spruance-class destroyer, from September 1981 to August 1984. Prior to their command of they served in the Pentagon as the head of a section in the Planning Division of Chief of Naval Operations.
Captain Rogers married Sharon (Loomis) Rogers, in Fort Worth, Texas on July 12, 1964. They had one son born February 1969 named Will C. Rogers IV who is known as Bill.
Commanding USS Vincennes
Rogers was the second commanding officer of Vincennes and assumed command April 11, 1987. At the time, Vincennes was one of only five cruisers commissioned that carried the new Aegis combat system, a billion-dollar computerized integrated battle management system and the first such cruiser to join the Pacific fleet. The heart of Aegis is an advanced, automatic detect-and-track, multi-function three-dimensional phased array radar, the/SPY-1. Known as "the Shield of the Fleet", the high-powered radar is able to perform search, tracking, and missile guidance functions simultaneously with a track capacity of over 100 targets at more than . Command of an Aegis cruiser was considered to be very prestigious at the time. On April 25, 1988, Vincennes was deployed on a six-month cruise in support of Operation Earnest Will, the reflagging and escort of oil tankers in the Persian Gulf.
Iran Air 655
On July 3, 1988, Vincennes shot down Iran Air Flight 655 with two radar guided SM-2MR missiles. Iran Air 655, carrying 290 passengers, had been airborne for seven minutes when the missiles hit approximately from Vincennes. The airliner crashed into the Persian Gulf east of Hengham Island (). All 290 on-board including 16 crew perished. At the time of the incident, Vincennes was inside Iranian territorial waters and engaged in small arms combat with several Iranian surface craft, and Vincennes received a report that one of its LAMPS III Seahawk helicopters had drawn warning fire during flight operations.
A subsequent US report by Rear Admiral William Fogarty, titled Formal Investigation into the Circumstances Surrounding the Downing of Iran Air Flight 655 on July 3, 1988, noted that Captain Rogers received some faulty information that they subsequently used to make the decision to fire on the plane. Specifically, they were told the aircraft was identified as an Iranian Air Force F-14 Tomcat descending in an attack profile, and that it was identifying itself with secondary surveillance radar / IFF mode-II codes exclusively used by military aircraft. The investigation noted that Rogers was focused on the ongoing surface engagement and was aware of the inbound aircraft for less than four minutes. The investigation also pointed out that Rogers thought that they had an increased burden to act since they were also assigned to protect the frigate . The investigation concluded that Rogers acted in a prudent manner based on the information available to him, and the short time frame involved. They were also judged to have acted within the prescribed rules of engagement for USN warship captains in that situation.
Independent investigations into the incident have presented a different picture. John Barry and Roger Charles of Newsweek magazine claimed that Rogers was overeager for combat, that they started the fight with Iranian gunboats, and then followed them into Iranian territorial waters. Barry and Charles also accused the U.S. government of a cover-up.
Other sources lay some of the blame on the complexity of the AEGIS technology and the desire on the part of Captain Rogers to make use of it. An analysis of the events by the International Strategic Studies Association described the deployment of an Aegis cruiser into that zone as irresponsible, and the Association thought that the enormous cost of their warship had played a major part in setting a low threshold for Captain Rogers decision to open fire.
In 2004, Marita Turpin and Niek du Plooy of the Centre for Logistics and Decision Support partially attributed the accident to an expectancy bias introduced by the Aegis Combat System and faulted the design and "unhelpful user interface" as contributing to the errors of judgment.
Rogers was personally criticized for being overly aggressive by Commander David Carlson, commanding officer of , a second ship that was under the tactical control of Rogers at the time of the incident. Carlson described the downing of the airliner as the "horrifying climax to Capt. Rogers' aggressiveness, first seen four weeks ago". They were referring to incidents on June 2, 1988, when they claimed that Rogers brought Vincennes too close to an Iranian frigate that was searching a bulk carrier, that they launched a helicopter too close to Iranian small boats, and that they fired upon a number of small Iranian military boats instead of directing another, smaller warship to do so. In disagreeing with Rogers' decision – citing the high cost of the cruiser relative to that of the frigates attached to the group – Carlson posited, "Why do you want an AEGIS cruiser out there shooting up boats? It wasn't a smart thing to do."
USS Vincennes, with Rogers remaining in command, completed the remainder of their scheduled deployment to the Pacific and Indian Oceans. During the voyage home on September 22, 1988, Vincennes rescued 26 Vietnamese boat people adrift in the South China Sea. The ship returned to Naval Station San Diego on October 25, 1988.
Rogers remained in command of USS Vincennes until May 27, 1989. In 1990, Captain Rogers was awarded the Legion of Merit decoration "for exceptionally meritorious conduct in the performance of outstanding service as commanding officer ... from April 1987 to May 1989." The award was given for their service as the Commanding Officer of Vincennes, and the citation made no mention of the downing of Iran Air 655.
Bombing of Rogers' family minivan
Nine months after the downing of Iran Air Flight 655, on the morning of March 10, 1989, Rogers' wife Sharon escaped uninjured when a pipe bomb exploded and set fire to their minivan as they sat stopped at a red light across the street from the University Towne Center shopping mall in San Diego. The van was registered in the name of Will Rogers III, and many people at the time of the bombing suspected that terrorism was involved. Five months later, the Associated Press reported that the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) had shifted focus away from terrorism towards the possibility of someone with a personal vendetta against Captain Rogers. As of 2003, the bombing of Rogers' van remains an unsolved case, despite a major investigation involving at some time up to 300 police and FBI agents. On February 17, 1993, the case was featured on the TV show Unsolved Mysteries, but no additional information was uncovered.
Naval career following Vincennes
Rogers' next assignment was as commanding officer of the United States Navy Tactical Training Group at Naval Base Point Loma, a group responsible for training officers in handling combat situations. They retired from the United States Navy in August 1991. In 1992, Rogers and their wife Sharon co-wrote a book, Storm Center: A Personal Account of Tragedy & Terrorism which describes the events surrounding the downing of Iran Air 655 and the minivan bombing from their personal perspectives.
References
External links
Formal Investigation into the Circumstances Surrounding the Downing of Iran Air Flight 655 on July 3, 1988. Official DOD PDF link, without critique
Aerial Incident of July 3, 1988 (Islamic Republic of Iran v. United States of America), PDF, International Court of Justice
1938 births
Living people
People from Fort Worth, Texas
People from San Diego
United States Navy captains
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
Recipients of the Gallantry Cross (Vietnam)
Military personnel from California
Military personnel from Texas
The Linden Apartments are a historic multiunit apartment house at 10–12 Linden Pl. in Stamford, Connecticut. It is a -story wood-frame Second Empire style building with a mansard roof, and projecting window bays. Built in 1886, it is the most architecturally distinctive tenement house in the city, and is its oldest surviving six-unit building. It was probably built by George Hoyt, one Stamford's leading 19th-century real estate developers.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Stamford, Connecticut
References
National Register of Historic Places in Fairfield County, Connecticut
Second Empire architecture in Connecticut
Residential buildings completed in 1886
Buildings and structures in Stamford, Connecticut
Forever Young is the first mini album released by Sam Concepcion in commemoration of their 10th anniversary in the show business industry. It was released in September 2011 under Universal Records.
Background and release
On April 30, 2011, Sam Concepcion was cast as the lead star of STAGES and Repertory Philippines' production of Peter Pan that started its theatrical run from September 29 to October 30 at the Meralco Theater.
On September 15, Universal Records uploaded an audio sampler of Concepcion's newest single "Forever Young". The single was also the promotional single of "Peter Pan". It was then revealed that the new mini-album would contain the tracks from their previous mini-movie musical album Pop Class. Concepcion dropped the mini-album in late September.
Promotion
Concepcion launched "Forever Young" on Asap Rocks on September 18, 2011. The song instantly enjoyed massive support from the fans who made Concepcion and "Forever Young" two of the top trending topics on Twitter. Concepcion also attend series of mall shows to promote their new mini-album.
Music video
The music video for the title track was uploaded through YouTube the same day they launched their mini-album on Asap Rocks.
Track listing
Release history
References
External links
Sam Concepcion Official Website
2011 albums
Sam Concepcion albums
Universal Records (Philippines) EPs
δ-Carotene (delta-carotene) or ε,ψ-carotene is a form of carotene with an ε-ring at one end, and the other uncyclized, labelled ψ (psi). It is an intermediate synthesis product in some photosynthetic plants between lycopene and α-carotene (β,ε-carotene) or ε-carotene (ε,ε-carotene). δ-Carotene is fat soluble. Delta-carotene contains an alpha-ionone instead of a beta-ionone ring; this conversion is carried out by the gene Del which shifts the position of the double bond in the ring structure. The formation delta-carotene under the presence of the Del gene is sensitive to high temperatures.
References
Carotenoids
Tetraterpenes
Cyclohexenes
20th Regiment may refer to:
Infantry regiments
20th Infantry Regiment (United States)
20th Regiment of Bengal Native Infantry, an East India Company unit
20th Duke of Cambridge's Own Infantry (Brownlow's Punjabis), a British Indian Army unit
20th Continental Regiment, a Continental Army unit
20th Regiment of Foot, a British Army unit
American Civil War regiments
Union (Northern) regiment
20th Connecticut Infantry Regiment
20th Illinois Infantry Regiment
20th Indiana Infantry Regiment
20th Iowa Volunteer Infantry Regiment
20th Kansas Militia Infantry Regiment
20th Regiment Kentucky Volunteer Infantry
20th Maine Volunteer Infantry Regiment
20th Regiment Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry
20th Michigan Volunteer Infantry Regiment
20th New York Volunteer Infantry Regiment
20th Pennsylvania Infantry
20th Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry Regiment
Confederate (Southern) regiments
20th Arkansas Infantry Regiment
20th Tennessee Infantry Regiment
20th Virginia Infantry
Other regiments
20th Marine Regiment (United States)
20th Field Artillery Regiment, RCA, Royal Canadian Artillery
20th Field Artillery Regiment (United States)
20th Hussars, a cavalry regiment of the British Army
20th Lancers (Pakistan), an armoured regiment
20th Light Dragoons, a cavalry regiment of the British Army
20th Surveillance and Target Acquisition Regiment, Royal Australian Artillery
The Casket Factory is the 6th studio album, and 10th overall album from American rapper Blaze Ya Dead Homie. It was released on January 15, 2016 on Majik Ninja Entertainment.
Background
Shortly after the release of Gang Rags: Reborn, Blaze Ya Dead Homie announced in March 2015 that they would be releasing their new album in 2015 and that it would be titled The Casket Factory. In June 2015, they stated that the album would be released in 2015, but that the date would not be certain until after their tour with Kottonmouth Kings. A few days later, Twiztid said that the album was coming along nicely, and was nearing the finishing stages. At the 2015 GOTJ, during Twiztid's seminar, it was announced that The Casket Factory would be released on January 15, 2016.
Singles and music videos
The lead single, "Ghost" featuring Kung Fu Vampire, was released on August 18, 2015, with the second single "Wormfood" being released three days later. The third single, "They Call That Gangsta," featuring Blaze's Zodiac MPrint cohort The R.O.C. and the newest Majik Ninja Entertainment signee Lex the Hex Master, was released on December 23, 2015 and it was accompanied by a music video. On January 30, 2016 the music video for "Wormfood" was released. On March 23, 2016, the fourth single "Who U Lookin 4?", featuring Boondox with Jamie Madrox on the hook, was released and was also accompanied by a music video. On August 31, 2017, the music video for "Eternal" was released.
Track list
Singles are in bold
Personnel
Blaze Ya Dead Homie - Vocals, Lyrics
Dr. Rev. M. Persival Smint - Vocals - (1)
Jamie Madrox - Vocals, Lyrics - (3, 6, 10, 11, 15, 16)
Kung Fu Vampire - Vocals, Lyrics - (3)
Randal Witsworth - Vocals - (4)
DJ Swamp - Vocals, Lyrics, Cuts - (5, 9, 11, 13)
Anybody Killa - Vocals, Lyrics - (6)
The R.O.C. - Vocals, Lyrics - (8)
Lex "The Hex" Master - Vocals, Lyrics - (8)
Boondox - Vocals, Lyrics - (10)
Twiztid - Vocals, Lyrics - (13)
Prozak - Vocals, Lyrics - (16)
Fritz "The Cat" - Production - (1, 4, 14, 15, 16, 17)
Seven - Production - (2, 5, 6, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13)
The Dead Beatz - Production - (3, 7)
Chart positions
References
2016 albums
Blaze Ya Dead Homie albums
Majik Ninja Entertainment albums
Albums produced by Seven (record producer)
IGSSA typically is an acronym for Independent Girls' Schools Sports Association (or variations) and may refer to:
Independent Girls' Schools Sporting Association (New South Wales)
Independent Girls Schools Sports Association (Perth)
Independent Girls' Schools Sports Association (South Australia)
The Waldshut–Koblenz Rhine Bridge is a single-track railway bridge on the Turgi–Koblenz–Waldshut railway, between Waldshut and Koblenz AG, crossing the Rhine and the border between Germany and Switzerland. It was the first railway bridge built over the Rhine below Lake Constance. It is the only major railway bridge over the Rhine, which is completely preserved in its original condition and is one of Europe's few lattice truss bridges. It is also one of the oldest railway bridges in the world.
The bridge carries passenger services of line S27 of the Aargau S-Bahn, operating between Baden and Waldshut, and line S41 of the Zurich S-Bahn, operating between Winterthur and Waldshut.
History
On 26 August 1857 the Grand Duchy of Baden State Railways signed an agreement with the Swiss Northeastern Railway to construct the cross-border Turgi–Koblenz–Waldshut railway, including the Rhine bridge. Thus on 18 August 1859, the line was commissioned as the first connection between the Baden Mainline and the Swiss railway network. The current main rail connection between Germany and Switzerland, the Basel Link Line, was opened 14 years later. The Baden architect Robert Gerwig designed the bridge and managed its construction. The steel superstructure was supplied and installed by the Gebrüder Benckiser company of Pforzheim. The bridge was designed for two tracks, but only one track was installed. Due to increasing traffic loads, the bridge was strengthened in 1912 and 1913, being reinforced to carry axle loads and then the track was moved from the eastern side of the bridge to the middle. The demolition of the bridge planned by the German army on 24 April 1945 was not in fact carried out, so the technical landmark of the bridge in its original design is still preserved today.
In 1967 a speed restriction of was imposed on the bridge because the bridge's age and safety concerns. A report of the University of Karlsruhe in 1974 estimated the bridge's remaining useful life as 10 to 15 years, provided that new corrosion protection was applied; this was carried out in 1978. Ten years later Deutsche Bundesbahn closed the line, after Swiss Federal Railways (SBB), the owners of half the bridge, refused a request for an updated report on the bridge. This was followed in 1991 by extensive repair work, including local reinforcement measures and renewed anti-corrosion measures, allowing the maximum speed for passenger trains to be raised to and extending the bridge's useful remaining life to 40 years. Until the electrification of the Waldshut–Koblenz gap in 1999, passenger services on the bridge were carried out by diesel multiple units of Deutsche Bahn. From 1999, SBB took over management of services on the bridge using electric multiple units. In 2007, about 34 trains daily operated as line S41 of the Zürich S-Bahn between Waldshut and Winterthur.
In late 2011, the SBB introduced refurbished Class 560 electric multiple units to the S27 line. Unfortunately the refurbishment, which included the introduction of air conditioning, took the axle loading of a fully loaded power car over the maximum for the bridge. As a temporary solution, the power cars were locked out of use whilst passing over the bridge, and the trains limited to . Following work on the bridge, these restrictions were lifted in early 2014.
Construction
The c. bridge section has a track on the upper level of the truss bridge and its spans over the Rhine consist of two outer spans that are long and a central span of . This is followed on the Swiss bank by a brick viaduct with six semi-circular arches, having an inside diameter of . The greatly varying spans of the main bridge result from the nature of the currents in the Rhine. On the German side, after the line runs on an embankment for some , it crosses over the E54 on a modern concrete arch bridge.
The superstructure of the lattice truss bridge is made of wrought iron and is box shaped in cross-section. At has a continuous beam along its length. It has two vertical close-knit, grid-like lattice truss with a height of and a track base of . The diagonal struts are formed from flat steel and riveted together at the intersections. The vertical pillars consist of four riveted corners.
The foundation of the pillars are built on driven wooden piles that are about long, topped by concrete pile caps. The tops of the pillars are high and wide and made of stone masonry.
Assembly
The superstructure of the current bridge was assembled in three sections on the Waldshut bank in a temporary work hall. After completion of the first segment, it was rolled out of the hall. Then the second segment was built, and on its completion was connected with the first. Finally, the third segment was built and the entire length of was assembled. The actual installation of the bridge was carried with the support of piles in the Rhine, using of a wooden launching nose, propelled over a runway. The launching of the superstructure was carried out using human-powered transport mechanisms.
See also
List of bridges over the Rhine
References
Bibliography
External links
Railway bridges in Germany
Railway bridges in Switzerland
Bridges over the Rhine
Bridges completed in 1859
Buildings and structures in Baden-Württemberg
Continuous truss bridges
Railway lines in Baden-Württemberg
Railway lines in Switzerland
Marvin Cohen (born July 6, 1931) is an American essayist, novelist, playwright, poet, humorist, and surrealist.  They are the author of nine published books, two of which were published by New Directions Publishing, and several plays. Their shorter writings — stories, parables, allegories, and essays — have appeared in more than 80 publications, including The New Yorker, The New York Times, The Village Voice, The Nation, Harper's Bazaar, Vogue, Fiction, The Hudson Review, Quarterly Review of Literature, Transatlantic Review and New Directions annuals. Their 1980 play The Don Juan and the Non-Don Juan was first performed at the New York Shakespeare Festival as part of the Poets at the Public Series. Staged readings of the play have featured actors Richard Dreyfuss, Keith Carradine, Wallace Shawn, Jill Eikenberry, Larry Pine, and Mimi Kennedy.
Life and career
Cohen was born in Brooklyn, New York City. They have described themselves as one who has "risen from lower-class background to lower-class foreground." They studied art at Cooper Union but left college to focus on writing. They supported themselves with a series of odd jobs including mink farmer and merchant seaman. Although not typically associated with the Beat Generation, their first published piece appeared in The Beat Scene (Corinth Books, 1960) along with works by Jack Kerouac, Allen Ginsberg, Gregory Corso, and Lawrence Ferlinghetti. Cohen also taught creative writing at The New School, the City College of New York, C.W. Post of Long Island University, and Adelphi University.  They are married and currently lives with their wife in New York City.
Works
Books
The Self-Devoted Friend (1967) New Directions Publishing
Dialogues (1967) Turret Books
The Monday Rhetoric of the Love Club and Other Parables (1973) New Directions Publishing
Baseball the Beautiful: Decoding the Diamond (1974) Links Books
Fables at Life's Expense (1975) Serendipity Books
Others, Including Morstive Sternbump (1976) Bobbs-Merrill Company
The Inconvenience of Living (1977) Urizen Books
How the Snake Emerged from the Bamboo Pole but Man Emerged from Both (1978) Oasis Books / Earthgrip Press
Aesthetics in Life and Art (1982) Gull Books
How to Outthink a Wall: An Anthology (2016) Verbivoracious Press
Others, Including Morstive Sternbump: 40th Anniversary Edition (2016) Tough Poets Press
The Self-Devoted Friend: 50th Anniversary Edition (2017) Tough Poets Press
Baseball as Metaphysics (2017) Tough Poets Press
Five Fictions (2018) Tough Poets Press
Inside the World: As Al Lehman (2018) Sagging Meniscus Press
Women, and Tom Gervasi (2018) Sagging Meniscus Press
Run Out of Prose (2018) Sagging Meniscus Press
Sadness Corrected: New Poems & Dialogues (2019) Sagging Meniscus Press
Life's Tumultuous Party: Reduced to its Essential Partycycles (2020) Sagging Meniscus Press
Plays on Words (2020) Tough Poets Press
Conversations and Versifications (2021) Tough Poets Press
Questions to Ask Before Proceeding (2021) Tough Poets Press
The Hard Life of a Stone and Other Thoughts (2021) Sagging Meniscus Press
Booboo Roi (2021) Sagging Meniscus Press
Plays
The Don Juan and the Non-Don Juan (1980)
Reasonable Resignation (1981)
Necessary Ends (1982)
Anti-Nuclear Love (or Love Unfairly Tested) (1982)
Phonies (1982)
Spiritualistically Predestined Judy, Yes, But Which One? (1982)
Topsy-Turvy (1985)
Notes
External links
marvincohen.net
New Directions Publishing Company - Marvin Cohen
Reader's Almanac, December 24, 1976 Marvin Cohen discusses their sixth book and first novel, Others, Including Morstive Sternbump. Interview with Walter James Miller, WNYC-FM, New York Public Radio.
Reader's Almanac, February 6, 1978 Marvin Cohen talks about their book The Inconvenience of Living. Interview with Walter James Miller, WNYC-FM, New York Public Radio.
Village Voice, November 23, 2016 Surreal Genius: Why Onetime Literary Hotshot Marvin Cohen Deserves Another Look
Fiction Writers Review, June 12, 2017 The Drumbeat of Society: An Interview with Marvin Cohen
20th-century American novelists
1931 births
Living people
Poets from New York (state)
20th-century American dramatists and playwrights
American essayists
Writers from Brooklyn
American male poets
American male dramatists and playwrights
Cooper Union alumni
The New School faculty
City College of New York faculty
C.W. Post College faculty
Adelphi University faculty
Novelists from New York (state)
American male essayists
20th-century American male writers
Angus B. Rothwell was Superintendent of Public Instruction of Wisconsin.
Biography
Rothwell was born on July 25, 1905, in Superior, Wisconsin. They graduated from the University of Wisconsin-Superior and Columbia University. Additionally, they received honorary degrees from Carroll University and Lawrence University. During World War II, they served in the United States Navy. They also served as President of Rotary International. Rothwell died on August 11, 1981.
Educational career
Rothwell was an elementary school principal in Wausau, Wisconsin, and a high school principal in Superior. They later served as Superintendent of Schools of Superior from 1941 to 1949 and of Manitowoc, Wisconsin, from 1949 to 1961. Rothwell was elected Superintendent of Public Instruction in 1961 and re-elected in 1965. They were also a member of the Board of Regents of the University of Wisconsin-Madison.
References
Politicians from Superior, Wisconsin
Politicians from Wausau, Wisconsin
People from Manitowoc, Wisconsin
Superintendents of Public Instruction of Wisconsin
Educators from Wisconsin
Military personnel from Wisconsin
United States Navy sailors
United States Navy personnel of World War II
Rotary International leaders
University of Wisconsin–Superior alumni
Columbia University alumni
1905 births
1981 deaths
20th-century American politicians
Riders of Death Valley is a 1941 American Western film serial from Universal Pictures. It was a high budget serial with an all-star cast led by Dick Foran and Buck Jones. Ford Beebe and Ray Taylor directed. It also features Lon Chaney Jr. in a supporting role as a villainous henchman as well as Noah Beery Jr., Charles Bickford, Guinn "Big Boy" Williams, Monte Blue and Glenn Strange.
Plot
Cast
Production
Riders of Death Valley was Universal's "all-star, high-budget western cliffhanger." It provided a lot of stock footage for later serials.
Stunts
Jack Casey
Leroy Johnson
Gil Perkins
Ken Terrell doubling George J. Lewis
Duke York
Chapter titles
Death Marks the Trail
The Menacing Herd
The Plunge of Peril
Flaming Fury
The Avalanche of Doom
Blood and Gold
Death Rides the Storm
Descending Doom
Death Holds the Reins
Devouring Flames
The Fatal Blast
Thundering Doom
Bridge of Disaster
A Fight to the Death
The Harvest of Hate
Source:
See also
List of film serials
List of film serials by studio
References
External links
1941 films
American black-and-white films
1940s English-language films
Universal Pictures film serials
Films directed by Ford Beebe
Films directed by Ray Taylor
1941 Western (genre) films
American Western (genre) films
Films with screenplays by George H. Plympton
1940s American films
David or Dave Hawley may refer to:
David Hawley - American Navy captain
David 'Dave' Hawley - rugby league player in the 1960s and 1970s
Dave Hawley - Sheffield guitarist, father of Richard Hawley
David Hawley - actor in Ex on the Beach
Dave Hawley - guitarist in Sons of Mumford, a Mumford & Sons tribute band''
Dave Hawley - actor, known for Les Misérables (2012), Fish Tank (2009) and Shiner (2014).
The 1891 Greensburg Athletic Association season was their second season in existence. The team's record for this season is largely unknown.
Schedule
Game notes
References
Greensburg Athletic Association
Greensburg Athletic Association seasons
Greensburg Athletic Association
Henri Debain (3 August 1886 - 15 January 1983) was a French film actor.
They first appeared in Le Petit café in 1919, and appeared in more than 25 films between 1919 and 1956. They directed three films including Mephisto in 1931.
Filmography
As director
1927 : Chantage
1928 : Hara-Kiri, achevé par Marie-Louise Iribe
1930 : Méphisto
As actor
Châtelaine du Liban, La (1956) .... Un Invité
Mon curé chez les pauvres (1956)
Vie privée (1942) .... Le dialoguiste
Itto (1934) .... Le sergent
La Maternelle, La (1933) .... Dr. Libois
Le Béguin de la garnison, Le (1932) .... Le colonel
La dame de chez Maxim's (1933) .... Etienne
Gisèle and Partner (1932)
Léon tout court (1932) .... Le speaker
Maruche (1932) .... Pinchot
Étrangère, L' (1931) .... Mister Clarkson
Aiglon, L' (1931) .... Le sergent
Monte Cristo (1929) .... Carderousse
J'ai l'noir ou Le suicide de Dranem (1928)
Marquitta (1927)
Michel Strogoff (1926) .... Harry Blount
Mots croisés (1926)
Amour et carburateur (1925)
A Son from America (1924)
Les Grands (1924)
Le Costaud des Épinettes (1923)
Triplepatte (1922)
La Maison vide (1921)
Le Secret de Rosette Lambert (1920)
The Little Cafe (1919)
External links
1886 births
1983 deaths
French male film actors
French male silent film actors
20th-century French male actors
Thomas Scott, 2nd Earl of Clonmell (15 August 1783 – 18 January 1838), styled Lord Earlsfort between 1793 and 1798, was an Irish peer and politician.
Scott was the only son of John Scott, 1st Earl of Clonmell, Lord Chief Justice of the King's Bench for Ireland, by their second wife, Margaret, daughter of Patrick Lawless, a Dublin banker. They became known by the courtesy title Lord Earlsfort when their father was elevated to an earldom in 1793.
Scott succeeded their father in the earldom in 1798, aged 14. As this was an Irish peerage, they were still eligible for election to the British House of Commons. In 1807 they were returned to parliament for New Romney, a seat they held until 1812.
Lord Clonmell married Lady Henrietta Louisa, daughter of George Greville, 2nd Earl of Warwick, on 9 February 1805. They had two sons and seven daughters. Lady Louisa Augusta Scott, Lady Caroline Sophia Scott, Lady Frances Mary Scott, Lady Harriet Margaret Scott, Lady Sophia Louisa Scott, John Henry Scott 3rd Earl of Clonmell, Colonel Hon.Charles Grantham Scott and Lady Augusta Anne Scott. They died at North Aston, Oxfordshire, in January 1838, aged 54, and was succeeded by their eldest son, John. The Countess of Clonmell only survived their husband by ten months and died at St Leonards-on-Sea, Sussex, in November 1838.
References
1783 births
1838 deaths
Earls in the Peerage of Ireland
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for English constituencies
UK MPs 1807–1812
UK MPs who inherited peerages
The Bereznegovatoye–Snigirevka offensive () was an offensive on the Eastern Front of World War II by the Red Army's 3rd Ukrainian Front against the German 6th Army in the area to the east of Mykolaiv in southern Ukraine between 6 and 18 March 1944. It was part of the wider Dnieper–Carpathian offensive. The offensive was named after the two settlements around which the fighting was centered : Bereznegovatoye and Snigirevka.
Background
After the German 6th Army had given up its last eastern Dniepr bridgehead at Nikopol and had been beaten in the Nikopol–Krivoi Rog offensive in February 1944, it retreated behind the Inhulets River. The High Command of the Wehrmacht decided to use this river as a defensive line. On the night of March 3, the 8th Guards Army launched a surprise attack and reached the opposite bank, west of Shyroke. Based on this success, the commander of the 3rd Ukrainian Front, Army General Rodion Malinovsky, decided to make a front breakthrough via Novyi Buh with the 8th Guards Army and the 46th Army. Lieutenant General Issa Pliyev and their Cavalry mechanized group was to proceed via Novyi Buh in the rear of the German front and cut off all enemy units in the area east of Nikolayev.
The Battle
The Soviet attack began on the morning of March 6, 1944. The 23rd Tank Corps, with 102 tanks and 16 self-propelled guns under command of General Pushkin, of the Soviet 46th Army (Lieutenant General Vasily Glagolev) was to spearhead the attack. In support was the Cavalry Mechanized Group Pliyev, consting of the 4th Guards Mechanized Corps (under Lieutenant General Trofim Tanaschishin with 100 tanks and 23 self-propelled guns) and the 4th Guards Cavalry Corps. It was not until the evening of the first day of the attack that the Cavalry Mechanized Group Pliyev joined the operation.
Pliyev's troops invaded Novyi Buh from several directions despite bad weather conditions on the morning of March 8: parts of the 9th Guards Cavalry Division (Major General Tutarinov) from the East, the 4th Guards Mechanized Corps and the 30th Cavalry Division (Major General Golovskoj) from the south and southwest. The railway line Dolynska - Nikolayev was interrupted, cutting the front of the German 6th Army in two.
Troops of the Soviet 6th Army (Lieutenant-General Ivan Shlemin), the 5th Shock Army (General Vyacheslav Tsvetayev) and the 28th Army (Lieutenant-General Aleksei Grechkin), deployed on the southern wing, simultaneously carried out attacks on the right wing (LXXII and XXXXIV Army Corps) of the 6th Army.
On March 11 and 12, the 49th Guards Rifle Division (Colonel Vasily Margelov) and the 295th Rifle Division (Colonel Alexander Dorofeyev) of the 28th Army, crossed the Dniepr at Kakhovka and set up bridgeheads on the other bank. On March 11, Beryslav fell into Soviet hands and on March 13, the important port city of Kherson was liberated.
In the northern section, part of the Cavalry Mechanized Group Pliyev had turned south on the evening of 9 March, freeing Bashtanka after fierce fighting, and advancing further south. On March 13, the Soviet troops approached Snigirevka. As a result, about 13 divisions (XVII., XXXXIV., LII. And IV. Army Corps) of the German 6th Army were briefly encircled. However, the cavalry group Pliyev itself was not strong enough to form a solid front in the west. The mass of the 8th Guards Army was still fighting in the Baschtanka and Vladimirovka area against the German XXIX. Army Corps. The 37th Rifle Corps (Maj. Gen. Sergei F. Gorochov) of the 5th Shock Army, advancing from the east on Snigirevka, was still too far to help in the encirclement.
On March 13, the 6th Army commander Colonel-General Karl-Adolf Hollidt ordered the trapped troops to immediately break out to the west. Almost all the artillery and equipment had to be abandoned. The 370th, 304th, 335th and 9th Infantry Divisions suffered particularly heavy losses. On March 15, Bereznegovatoye and Snigirevka were liberated by Soviet troops.
The German troops withdrew behind the Southern Bug River. Meanwhile, the 57th and 37th Army had successfully operated on the right wing of the 3rd Ukrainian Front. During the pursuit of the retreating enemy, the Dolynska Railway Junction was occupied on 12 March, and the Bobrynets Road Junction on 16 March.
During the night of March 18 to 19, 1944, the 394th Rifle Division of the 46th Army had crossed the Southern Bug and was able to form a bridgehead on the western bank. To the left, the 8th Guards Army reached the western bank of the river south of Nova Odesa and prepared the attack on Odessa.
Only on March 24, the 37th Army was able to free the city of Voznesensk and create another bridgehead on the western bank of the Southern Bug River.
Result
Within 13 days, the 3rd Ukrainian Front had managed to decisively beat the 6th Army. A very large Soviet territory (more than 20,000 km2), between the Inhulets and Southern Bug Rivers was liberated. The 125th Infantry Division was completely destroyed and dissolved by the High Command of the Wehrmacht. The 16th Panzer Grenadier Division lost two thirds of its strength, the 9th Panzer Division, the 15th, the 294th, the 302st, the 304th and the 335th Infantry Divisions lost 50% of their strength and almost all their heavy material. 13,700 German soldiers and officers were captured. Colonel-General Hollidt was replaced as Commander-in-Chief of the 6th Army at the end of March 1944. For the Soviet Union, favorable conditions had been created for the liberation of the Crimea.
Sources
This is a translation of the article in the German Wikipedia, Beresnegowatoje-Snigirjower Operation.''
Map of the Operation
Bibliography
Conflicts in 1944
History of Mykolaiv Oblast
Military operations of World War II involving Germany
Battles and operations of the Soviet–German War
Military history of Ukraine
1944 in Ukraine
March 1944 events
Krupa (; ) is a small village in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia. It lies at the source of the Krupa River, a left tributary of the Lahinja River. The area is part of the historical region of White Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.
This village is known for the spring of the Krupa River. This river is infamous because of its PCB pollution due to improper handling of PCB waste material, which has been used for decades by the capacitor manufacturing company Iskra Kondenzatorji in nearby Semič.
References
External links
Krupa at Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Semič
Batrachedra copia is a moth in the family Batrachedridae. It is found in Mexico.
References
Natural History Museum Lepidoptera generic names catalog
Batrachedridae
Bamoth-Baal was an elevated point in the land of Moab mentioned in the Hebrew Bible (Numbers 22:41). It was allotted to the Tribe of Reuben, and included with a list of towns near Heshbon (Joshua 13:17). It is probably identical with the Bamoth between Nahaliel and the "valley that is in the country of Moab, to the top of Pisgah", mentioned in the list of stopping-places in Numbers 21:19-20.
Bethbamot in the Moabite Stone, line 27 (perhaps this is also the reading of Isaiah 16:2), may also be considered as connected with it.
According to the allotments in Joshua 13:17, some take the place to be on Mount 'Aṭṭârûs. G.A. Smith ("Historical Geography of Palestine," p. 562) is inclined to the opinion of Conder ("Heth and Moab," pp. 189 et seq.) that it is located at one of the many cromlechs above the Wadi Dchîded, northeast of the Dead Sea. The statement of Eusebius, which places it on the Arnon, is likely inaccurate.
See also
High place: bamot or bamoth is the plural of the Hebrew word במה, meaning "high place".
References
Ancient Israel and Judah
Moab
Tribe of Reuben
Shinya Murofushi is a professional mixed martial artist from Japan. They compete in the strawweight division of Pancrase.  They are ranked as the #1 contender by Pancrase as of March 2020, while Fight Matrix ranks them as the #5 strawweight of all time.  They are the former Shooto flyweight (114 lbs) champion.
Martial arts career
In 2006, Shinya Murofushi became the 2006 Shooto Rookie Champion in the organization's flyweight (114 lbs) division. Murofushi was known as the #2 strawweight with their strength on the ground and improving their standup, until losing to Takeshi Sato in 2009. They were ranked top ten in their division by Shooto until moving to Pancrase.
They made their pro debut in 2006 with Shooto, when they finished Hiroyuki Ikeda by way of an armbar. They would amass a 9-3-1 record in the following six years, which would earn them a title shot versus Junji Ito. Shinya finished Ito by a rear naked choke in the first round to win the vacant Shooto Flyweight Championship. They would subsequently lose the title to Yoshitaka Naito, losing by way of a rear naked choke in the last seconds of the fifth round.
They then moved to Pancrase, debuting with the organization in 2015 during Pancrase 271, when they won a unanimous decision against Takuya Eizumi. In the following bout, at Pancrase 276, they lost to Daichi Kitakata by way of a unanimous decision. They won against Rildeci Dias by armbar at Pancrase 280 and against Seiji Ozuka by a split decision at Pancrase 289. Their 3–1 record with the organization entitled them to a title shot against Mitsuhisa Sunabe, during Pancrase 295, where they lost due to a slam KO.
Championships and Accomplishments
2006 Shooto Rookie Flyweight Champion
Shooto
Shooto World Flyweight (114 lb) Championship (One time)
Mixed martial arts record
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 13-6-1
| Mitsuhisa Sunabe
| KO (Slam)
| Pancrase - 295
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 4:11
| Tokyo, Japan
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 13-5-1
| Seiji Ozuka
| Decision (Split)
| Pancrase - 289
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Tokyo, Japan
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 12-5-1
| Rildeci Lima Dias
| Submission (Triangle Armbar)
| Pancrase - 280
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 4:01
| Tokyo, Japan
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 11-5-1
| Daichi Kitakata
| Decision (unanimous)
| Pancrase - 276
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Tokyo, Japan
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 11-4-1
| Takuya Eizumi
| Decision (unanimous)
| Pancrase: 271
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Tokyo, Japan
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 10-4-1
| Yoshitaka Naito
| Submission (rear-naked choke)
| Shooto: 7th Round 2014
|
| align=center| 5
| align=center| 4:57
| Tokyo, Japan
|
|-
|-
| Win
| align=center| 10-3-1
| Junji Ito
| Technical Submission (rear-naked choke)
| Shooto: 1st Round 2014
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 3:33
| Tokyo, Japan
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 9-3-1
| Tatsuya Yamamoto
| Submission (rear-naked choke)
| Shooto: 12th Round
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 3:48
| Tokyo, Japan
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 8-3-1
| Yusei Shimokawa
| Decision (unanimous)
| Shooto: Gig Tokyo 11
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Tokyo, Japan
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 7-3-1
| Masayoshi Kato
| Submission (hammerlock)
| Shooto: The Rookie Tournament 2011 Final
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 3:15
| Tokyo, Japan
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 6-3-1
| Mikihito Yamagami
| Decision (majority)
| Shooto: The Way of Shooto 6: Like a Tiger, Like a Dragon
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 5:00
| Tokyo, Japan
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 6-2-1
| Takehiro Harusaki
| Submission (rear-naked choke)
| Shooto: Kitazawa Shooto Vol. 3
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 2:29
| Tokyo, Japan
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 5-2-1
| Noboru Tahara
| TKO (punches)
| Shooto: Shooting Disco 9: Superman
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 4:09
| Tokyo, Japan
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 5-1-1
| Takeshi Sato
| Submission (rear-naked choke)
| Shooto: Gig Tokyo 1
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:14
| Tokyo, Japan
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 5-0-1
| Takehiro Harusaki
| Decision (unanimous)
| Shooto: Shooto Tradition 2
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Tokyo, Japan
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 4-0-1
| Atsushi Takeuchi
| Decision (split)
| Shooto: Back To Our Roots 5
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 5:00
| Tokyo, Japan
|
|-
| Draw
| align=center| 3-0-1
| Kenichi Sawada
| Draw
| Shooto: Back To Our Roots 3
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 5:00
| Tokyo, Japan
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 3-0
| Takehiro Ishii
| KO (knee)
| Shooto: Back To Our Roots 2
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:33
| Tokyo, Japan
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 2-0
| Hiroaki Takezawa
| Submission (armbar)
| Shooto: Rookie Tournament Final
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 2:36
| Tokyo, Japan
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 1-0
| Hiroyuki Ikeda
| Submission (armbar)
| Shooto 2006: 10/1 in Kitazawa Town Hall
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 2:03
| Tokyo, Japan
|
References
External links
Japanese male mixed martial artists
Strawweight mixed martial artists
Living people
1983 births
The Expedition of Humphry Clinker was the last of the picaresque novels of Tobias Smollett, published in London on 17 June 1771 (three months before Smollett's death), and is considered by many to be their best and funniest work. It is an epistolary novel, presented in the form of letters written by six characters: Matthew Bramble, a Welsh Squire; their sister Tabitha; their niece Lydia and nephew Jeremy Melford; Tabitha's maid Winifred Jenkins; and Lydia's suitor Wilson.
Much of the comedy arises from differences in the descriptions of the same events and places seen by the participants. Attributions of motives and descriptions of behaviour show wild variation and reveal much about the character of the teller. The setting, amidst the high-society spa towns, inns, and seaside resorts of the 18th century, provides their characters with many opportunities for satirical observations on English and Scottish life, manners, and politics. Smollett relies heavily on a scatological humour and references to the body. The net effect re-creates the messiness of eighteenth-century British novels that relied on the epistolary form.
The author's travels in Scotland, France, and Italy influenced their novel.
Plot summary
Matthew Bramble, their family and servants are traveling through England and Scotland. Although the primary motivation for the expedition is to restore the health of the gouty Matthew Bramble, each member of the family uses the excursion to achieve their ends. Leaving from Bramble's estate, Brambleton Hall, in Monmouthshire (there are frequent references to the family being Welsh, and the novel also contains individual Scottish and Irish characters), the family passes through many cities, making extended or significant stops at Gloucester, Bath, London, Harrogate, Scarborough and Edinburgh.
The splenetic patriarch, Matthew Bramble, visits various natural spas to alleviate their health problems, and they correspond primarily with their physician, Dr. Lewis. Through their letters and those of Jeremy, it is revealed that Bramble is misanthropic and something of a hypochondriac. Despite their frequent complaints, they are generally reasonable and extremely charitable to the people they meet on their travels as well as to their servants and wards back at home. Their letters introduce and ridicule significant eighteenth century concerns such as medicine, the growth of urban life, class, the growth of the periodical press and the public sphere. Their growing disillusionment at the changing moral and social landscape of Great Britain, particularly London, embodies their traditionalist perspective and reveals the absurdities of contemporary British culture.
Their sister, Tabitha Bramble, is a foolish and cantankerous spinster who uses the expedition as an excuse to search for a husband. Through their correspondence with Mrs. Gwyllim, the house-keeper at Brambleton Hall, Tabitha reveals their selfishness and lack of generosity towards servants and the impoverished. Them social pretensions are rendered all the more comical by their frequent misunderstandings, misuse of common idioms, and atrocious spelling.
Tabitha's servant, Winifred or Win Jenkins, also corresponds with the servants at Brambleton Hall. As the only correspondent not related to Matthew Bramble, Ms. Jenkins offers a sympathetic and humorous perspective on the family and their travels. As a comic foil to Tabitha Bramble, Win Jenkins shares many of their misspellings and malapropisms but demonstrates considerably more common sense and intuition in their observation of the family. At London, they become infatuated with Humphry Clinker and Methodism both.
Bramble's nephew, Jeremy Melford, is a young man looking for amusement. Corresponding primarily with Sir Watkin Phillips of Jesus College, Oxford, Jery also reflects upon issues of city life, class, and the growing public sphere, but often with a more progressive perspective than that of their rather traditional uncle. Despite their generously democratic views and their astute perceptions of the hypocrisy and absurdity of others, they are—as revealed through Bramble's letters—"hot-headed" and prone to rash anger and impulsive defenses of perceived slights to their family honor, especially when it relates to their sister's interest in a stage actor below their status. Their introduction into society as a young gentleman often occurs during their socializing at the coffeehouse, a burgeoning social institution, especially in eighteenth century London. Their study of the places and people of their journey includes the members of their family, whom they comically sketch for the reader. Their accounts help provide insight into Matthew Bramble's character.
Bramble's niece, Lydia Melford, is trying to recover from an unfortunate romantic entanglement with a stage actor named Wilson, who is later revealed to be a gentleman named George Dennison. I letters to Miss Letitia Willis at Gloucester reveal their struggles between familial duty and their affection for Wilson. They describe their secret communications with him, as well as their surprise encounter with the disguised Wilson in Bath. Lydia also reflects upon the wonders of city life, with astonishment and excitement. Lydia has spent most of their life at a boarding school for young women, so the expedition serves them as a debut into society (an important cultural phenomenon with a long literary tradition).
The eponymous character, Humphry Clinker, is an ostler, a stableman at an inn, who does not make their first appearance until about a quarter of the way through the story.  They are taken on by Matthew Bramble and family, while they are traveling toward London, after offending Tabitha and amusing Matthew Bramble. Humphry Clinker is a primarily foolish character whose good-natured earnestness earns them the esteem of Matthew Bramble.  They are largely described through the letters of Matthew Bramble and Jeremy Melford and, despite their frequent misunderstandings, is presented as a talented worker and gifted orator, attracting a devoted following of parishioners during a brief oratorical stint in London. After various romantic interludes, Humphry suffers false imprisonment due to accusations of being a highway robber, though they retain the confident support of Matthew Bramble and their family.  They are rescued and returned to their sweetheart, the maid Winifred Jenkins. Eventually, it is discovered that Humphry is Mr. Bramble's illegitimate son from a relationship with a barmaid, during their wilder university days. The book ends in a series of weddings.
Adaptations
The novel was adapted into a radio script in four hour-long episodes by BBC Radio 4 and broadcast as the Classic Serial in 1992, repeated in 1994. Timothy West played Squire Bramble. Dramatisation was by Scott Cherry.
There was a later production in three hour-long episodes by BBC Radio 4 and broadcast as the Classic Serial in 2008. It was last repeated on BBC Radio 4 Extra from 9 July 2018. Nigel Anthony played Squire Bramble. Dramatisation was by Yvonne Antrobus.
Bibliography
Paperback, Penguin Classics, 414 pages
Published 30 May 1967 by Penguin Group (first published 1771)
Edition language English
Original title The Expedition of Humphry Clinker
Setting United Kingdom
References
External links
The Expedition of Humphrey Clinker at Internet Archive
The Expedition of Humphry Clinker at GoodReads
1771 novels
Novels by Tobias Smollett
Epistolary novels
Picaresque novels
18th-century British novels
British comedy novels
Novels adapted into radio programs
"" ("This Day in Triumph God the Son") is a Lutheran hymn for Easter. Kaspar Stolzhagen published the hymn in 1592, and its setting by Bartholomäus Gesius (Zahn No. 2585) was published in 1601. The hymn was adopted in several hymnals, including the Evangelisches Gesangbuch. Composers such as Johann Sebastian Bach based compositions on its hymn tune.
History
Although hymnologists sometimes doubt their authorship, Stolzhagen (1550–1594) would have written "" in 1591. In 1592, Stolzhagen published the text as an Easter hymn (, "song of the resurrection of Christ"). Gesius's setting of the hymn (Zahn No. 2585) appeared in two independent publications in 1601, indicating that its dissemination, and composition, dated from some time before it was printed.
Hymn
In its original publication, Stolzhagen's Easter hymn had sixteen stanzas of three lines. This version with three-line stanzas was possibly sung to the "Resurrexit Dominus" tune, Zahn No. 25a. In 1601, Gesius published a five-part setting (SSATB) of the hymn in the section about Easter of their Geistliche Deutsche Lieder (German spiritual songs). In their publication the hymn had six stanzas of six lines, derived from Stolzhagen's text. After Gesius, the hymn was mostly published in six-line stanzas. "Halleluja, Halleluja" is the text of every third line. In Gesius's setting, the melody rises on every first mentioning of Halleluja.
Musical settings
From the 17th to the 19th century, the hymn was included in dozens of hymnals. Johann Hermann Schein published a six-part setting with seven stanzas, based on Gesius's hymn tune, in their 1627 , a setting which was republished by Gottfried Vopelius in 1682. Cantatas based on the hymn were written by Dieterich Buxtehude (BuxWV 43, setting the text of the first stanza) and Christoph Graupner (GWV 1129/15). Bach wrote a chorale prelude BWV 630 as part of the Easter section of their Orgelbüchlein; and a four-part chorale (BWV 342, based on the hymn tune. The hymn was adopted as No. 109 in the German Protestant hymnal Evangelisches Gesangbuch, in
References
Sources
External links
GVL 6045 "Heut triumphieret Gottes Sohn" (Osterlied, Halleluja) Volksmusikarchiv des Bezirks Oberbayern
BWV 630: audio at James Kibbie's Bach Organ Works website
Lutheran hymns
16th-century hymns in German
Easter hymns
Umberto Calcagno (born 6 September 1970 in Chiavari) is an Italian former professional footballer who played as a midfielder. They played in Serie A for Sampdoria.
Honours
Sampdoria
Serie A champion: 1990–91
References
1970 births
Living people
People from Chiavari
Italian footballers
Association football midfielders
Serie A players
Serie C players
U.C. Sampdoria players
Giulianova Calcio players
Rimini F.C. 1912 players
Benevento Calcio players
U.S. Avellino 1912 players
A.S. Gualdo Casacastalda players
A.S.D. Martina Calcio 1947 players
U.S. Castrovillari Calcio players
Sportspeople from the Province of Genoa
Footballers from Liguria
James Donald Watson (10 August 1872 – 25 December 1958) was a New Zealand rugby union player. A forward, Watson represented Taranaki at a provincial level, and was a member of the New Zealand national side, the All Blacks, in 1896. They played one match for the All Blacks, against Queensland at Wellington.
Following the death of Henry Butland in 1956, Watson was the oldest living All Black.
References
1872 births
1958 deaths
English emigrants to New Zealand
New Zealand international rugby union players
New Zealand rugby union players
Rugby union forwards
Rugby union players from Rochdale
Taranaki rugby union players
Proper speed may refer to:
Proper velocity
Proper motion
See also
Peculiar velocity
Alexander Mikhaylov may refer to:
Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Mikhailov (1888–1983), Russian astronomer
Alexander Dmitrievich Mikhailov (1855–1884), Russian revolutionary
Alexander Ivanovich Mikhailov (1905–1988), Russian information scientist
Aleksandr Mikhaylov (footballer) (born 2000), Russian football player
Aleksandr Mikhaylov (skier) (born 1970), Russian freestyle skier
Alexander Nikolayevich Mikhailov (1951–2020), governor of Kursk Oblast, Russia
Aleksandr Yakovlevich Mikhailov (born 1944), Russian actor
Aleksandr Mikhaylov (actor, born 1922) (1922–1992), in films such as Alyosha Ptitsyn Grows Up
Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Mikhaylov (born 1926) (1926–1998), Russian actor
Alexander Mikhaylov (rally driver), in events such as the 2016 European Rally Championship
See also
Mikhaylov (disambiguation)
Pichugin (, from пичуга meaning little bird) is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Pichugina. It may refer to
Alexey Pichugin (born 1962), former security official at the Russian oil company Yukos
Maksim Pichugin (footballer) (born 1998), Russian football player
Sergei Pichugin (born 1976), Russian football player
Serhiy Pichuhin (born 1961), Ukrainian sailor
Russian-language surnames
Nancy Sanford Hughes (born January 8, 1943) is the founder and president of the non-profit StoveTeam International. For their work bringing improved cookstoves to Latin America, Hughes has been honored as a United States White House Champion of Change, and a CNN Hero.
Early life
Hughes was born in Claremont, California and graduated from Whitman College in 1964 with a Bachelor of Arts in English Literature. They married George "Duffy" Hughes in 1971, with whom they have three children.
StoveTeam International
While volunteering with medical missions in Guatemala, Hughes saw the health effects of open-fire cooking firsthand. In response, Hughes contacted experts in the field of improved cook stoves to design a stove for Latin America and founded StoveTeam International in 2008. The charity is a non-profit organization that works to bring improved cook stoves to people in Latin America through its use of public donations, which directly fund the development of stove-building factories, owned and operated by local entrepreneurs.
References
1943 births
Living people
Whitman College alumni
People from Claremont, California
James Ferguson (1621–1667), was a Scottish minister.
Biography
Ferguson belonged to the Fergusons of Kilkerran. They graduated from at Glasgow University in 1638, and was ordained minister of Kilwinning, Ayrshire, in 1643. They were a member of the assembly of 1648, and declined calls to both Edinburgh and Glasgow.
They were so highly esteemed by the Earl of Eglintoun that, though appointed to the chair of divinity at Glasgow in 1661, they never left Kilwinning to enter on that office. They were a man of eminent piety, and at the same time "much admired", as a writer of their life in Wodrow's Analecta says, "for their great and singular wisdom and prudence, being reckoned one of the wisest men in a nation, most fit to be a counsellor to any monarch in Europe".
In the controversy between the resolutioners and protesters they adopted the side of the former, but it is recorded that they confessed before their death that they were wrong. Probably in consequence of the support of Lord Eglintoun, they were not interfered with at the Restoration in their ministry at Kilwinning. They died 13 March 1667.
Works
Ferguson is remembered and esteemed at this day as the author of a series of excellent commentaries on St. Paul's Epistles. In Charteris's Catalogue of Scotch Divines they are called an author "of great reputation". Spurgeon characterises their commentaries as those of "a grand, gracious, savoury divine".
Their works are:
Expositions of the Epistles to the Philippians and Colossians, Edinburgh, 1656.
Expositions of the Epistles to Galatians and Ephesians, Edinburgh, 1659.
Exposition of the Epistles to the Thessalonians, Glasgow, 1675.
Refutation of the Errors of Toleration, Erastianism, Independency, and Separation, Edinburgh, 1692.
They also issued several sermons, and left in manuscript an essay on singing the psalms.
Family
They married Jean Inglis (d. 1687), by whom they had two sons, James and Hew, and a daughter, Mary, wife of Robert Cheislie, an Edinburgh merchant.
References
Attribution
Endnotes:
Scott's Fasti, pt. iii. 181
Wodrow's Analecta, vol. iii.
Wodrow's Church Hist.
Baillie's Letters, iii.
Candlish's Prefatory Note to republication of Refutation of Erastianism.
1621 births
1667 deaths
17th-century Ministers of the Church of Scotland
Alumni of the University of Glasgow
People from Kilwinning
Scottish religious writers
17th-century Scottish writers
The American Society for Bioethics and Humanities is an American learned society dedicated to promoting research and the exchange of ideas in bioethics and related disciplines in the humanities. It was founded in January 1998 from the merger between the Society for Health and Human Values (SHHV), the Society for Bioethics Consultation (SBC), and the American Association of Bioethics (AAB), which were founded in 1969, 1986, and 1994, respectively.
Presidents
Kayhan Parsi, JD PHD HEC-C (President-Elect, to serve from 2021 to 2023)
Ana Smith Iltis
Alex Kon (2017–2019)
Amy Haddad (2015–17)
Felicia Cohn (2013–15)
Joseph Fins (2011–13)
Mark Kuczewski (2009–11)
Hilde Lindemann (2008–09)
Tod S. Chambers (2007–08)
Paul Root Wolpe (2006–07)
Matthew K. Wynia (2005–06)
Arthur R. Derse (2004–05)
Jonathan D. Moreno (2003–04)
John D. Lantos (2002–03)
Kathryn Montgomery (2001–02)
Laurie Zoloth (2000–01)
Thomas H. Murray (1999-2000)
Mary Faith Marshall (1998–99)
Loretta M. Kopelman (1998)
Lifetime Achievement Award
2019 - Christine Grady, PhD RN
2018 - Dan W. Brock, PhD
2017 - Myra Christopher and Steven H. Miles, MD
2016 - Arthur Caplan, PhD
2015 - Baruch Brody, PhD
2014 - Nancy Dubler, LLB
2013 - H. Tristram Engelhardt Jr., MD PhD
2012 - Kathryn Montgomery, PhD
2011 - Ruth Faden, PhD MPH
2010 - Mark Siegler, MD
2009 - Howard Brody, MD PhD
2008 - Robert M. Veatch, PhD
2007 - Renée C. Fox, PhD
2006 - Ronald E. Cranford, MD and Bernard Gert, PhD
2005 - Eric Cassell, MD MACP
2004 - Tom L. Beauchamp, PhD, James F. Childress, PhD, and Joanne Trautmann Banks, PhD
2003 - Jay Katz, MD
2002 - Ruth Macklin, PhD
2001 - Daniel Callahan, PhD
2000 - John C. Fletcher, PhD
1999 - Albert R. Jonsen, PhD
1998 - Edmund D. Pellegrino, MD
References
External links
Learned societies of the United States
Bioethics research organizations
Organizations established in 1998
Organizations based in Chicago
Jack Caffery may refer to:
Jack Caffery (track and field athlete)
Jack Caffery (ice hockey)
Fiction
DI Jack Caffery
Soulful Fruit is the first album by the turntablist, Rob Swift. It was released on May 13, 1997, by Stones Throw Records and was produced by Rob Swift, Mista Sinista and Roc Raida. The album was a huge critical success, gaining many positive reviews. Soulful Fruit is regarded by many as one of the best turntablism albums ever made.
Track listing
"Define Music" - 1:24
"Introduction" - 0:54
"Itchy Vibes And Drums" - 2:07
"Cutting With Class" - 2:17
"Interlude 1: Babu Speaks" feat. Babu - 1:15
"The Mad Scientist of the Turntables" - 1:49
"Relax Mode" - 4:08
"This Is a Remix" - 2:00
"Interlude 2: Bruce Lee Speaks" feat. Bruce Lee - 1:23
"Some Ol' Rough Shit" - 1:46
"A Natural High" - 2:31
"A Scratch Is A Musical Note" - 4:05
"Diamond Jay Will Spin It" - 5:06
"Rob Swift Versus Rahzel" feat. Rahzel - 14:16
"A Turntable Experience" - 4:20
"Interlude 3: Message" - 3:18
"Women And Stress" - 1:28
"Women And Stress 2" - 1:28
"Let The Drummer Get Some" - 1:00
"Interlude 4: Bruce Lee Speaks Again" - 0:51
"Who Is It? Mista Sinista" - 3:28
References
Rob Swift albums
1997 debut albums
Stones Throw Records albums
Wallace Elmer Stickney (November 24, 1934 – June 27, 2019) was an American civil servant, most prominently as the Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) under President George H. W. Bush.
Stickney was born in Salem, New Hampshire. They graduated from New England College in 1959 (B.S.) and received master's degrees from Northeastern University (M.S.) and Harvard University (M.P.A.). They died on June 27, 2019 after a brief illness.
In 1965 Stickney was unanimously chosen as the first professional town engineer for Salem and also served on the Southern Rockingham Regional Planning Commission. As Salem's town engineer Stickney was instrumental in the planning of a new municipal core centered on Geremonty Drive including a new High School and Municipal Office Building as well as the construction of a new wastewater treatment plant and three elementary schools. They moved to the US Department of the Interior water division in 1968 and later became a Staff Environmental Engineer at the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, eventually rising to the post of Environmental and Economic Office Director for U.S. Environmental Protection Agency Region One in Boston, Massachusetts.
From 1983 to 1985 they served as special assistant for environmental affairs to then Governor of New Hampshire, John H. Sununu. In 1985 they were named as the first commissioner of the newly organized New Hampshire Department of Transportation, where they played a key role in the ending a three-decade battle over the completion of Interstate 93 through Franconia Notch State Park with the construction of the Franconia Notch Parkway, a narrow, speed-controlled 8-mile scenic parkway that required a special amendment to the standards applied across the rest of the U.S. interstate system.
They were nominated to lead FEMA in 1990. At the time, a significant portion of FEMA's budget dealt with Cold War issues of nuclear survivability. Stickney was later quoted "The evil empire had crumbled, the Warsaw Pact nations were becoming independent, and it became clear that the most difficult situation we would have to handle wouldn't be a maximum lay-down but a partial one, in which only a part of the country was knocked out," says Stickney. "It was a time of transition on the world scene." Stickney faced considerable resistance in their efforts to transform FEMA from a secretive organization obsessed with doomsday preparations into an agency actually capable of responding to natural disasters. According to Stickney, their efforts "...met with the full resistance of the security industry, as well as what might even be called a 'Security Cult' -- people who believed strongly in what they'd been doing for ten years and longer. There are many ways to make things move slowly when there are a lot of people working against it, and only a few trying to make it happen."
After their service with FEMA, Stickney co-founded Municipal Resources, Inc. a consulting firm that provided professional, technical, and managerial services to local governments in New England, specializing in community and economic development, fire and emergency management services, public works and transportation. In this capacity they held positions of interim fire chief of Hudson, New Hampshire; interim public works director of the city of Lebanon, New Hampshire; and interim director of Lebanon's airport.
References
1934 births
2019 deaths
Federal Emergency Management Agency officials
Harvard Kennedy School alumni
New England College alumni
People from Salem, New Hampshire
People of the United States Environmental Protection Agency
State cabinet secretaries of New Hampshire
Northeastern University alumni
Special Entertainment (formerly Fortress Productions) is a Milwaukee based media production company established in 2003 by Bobby Ciraldo and Andrew Swant.
In 2014 Special Entertainment released Hamlet A.D.D., a partially animated science fiction comedy based on Shakespeare's classic text. The film premiered at the Los Angeles Museum of Contemporary Art after a sneak peek was featured on a Mystery Science Theater 3000 box set.
In 2013 Special Entertainment released the On Cinema Film Guide app, based on the On Cinema series which airs on Adult Swim. The comedic app features Tim Heidecker and Gregg Turkington reviewing over 17,000 films.
In February 2012 the duo projected iconic images from the What What (In the Butt) video onto well-known buildings in Los Angeles to celebrate the five-year anniversary of the project. Documentation of the project was exhibited at Machine Project gallery in Los Angeles.
In September 2010 Special Entertainment premiered The Found Footage Show which aired on The Onion's The A.V. Club website. The series, hosted by Found Footage Festival creators Joe Pickett & Nick Prueher, showcased humorous found footage clips and ran for 36 episodes.
In 2009 they released William Shatner's Gonzo Ballet, an award-winning documentary starring and executive produced by William Shatner. The film played in multiple film festivals and was distributed by Epix (Paramount Pictures/Lionsgate/MGM). That year they also released Frankie Latina's Modus Operandi, an arthouse film distributed by Kino. The film played at the American Film Institute film festival in Los Angeles, CineVegas film festival, and the IFC Center in New York.
In March 2009 Special Entertainment released an iPhone App called Shaky Advice from Samwell that functions much like a Magic 8 Ball with 31 video clips of What What (In the Butt)'''s Samwell giving advice. In December 2010 a second iPhone App was released called Shaky Advice from Neil Hamburger, which featured 30 video clips of stand-up comic Neil Hamburger giving comical advice.Something Theater, a half-hour broadcast television series which ran during infomercial timeslots, was produced with artist David Robbins. The series began in 2008 and aired sporadically.
In February 2008 Special Entertainment released a music video for the band Leslie and the Ly's called "Zombie Killer" featuring Elvira, Mistress of the Dark on guest vocals.
Past award-winning works include Studying the Lie, Table Talk, and work on David Robbins' The Ice Cream Social'' (winner of the Sundance TV Lab competition).
Brownmark Films was created by Special Entertainment productions in 2007.
References
External links
Special Entertainment at the Internet Movie Database
Special Entertainment Official Website
Podcast interview with Bobby Ciraldo about Special Entertainment
Milwaukee County, Wisconsin
The 1972–73 Winnipeg Jets season was their first season in the World Hockey Association (WHA). The Jets' first player signed was Norm Beaudin ("the Original Jet") and their first major signing was Bobby Hull.
Offseason
Bobby Hull
Long unhappy because of their relatively poor salary in the period when they were hockey's preeminent superstar, Hull responded to overtures from the upstart World Hockey Association's Winnipeg Jets in 1972 by jesting that he'd jump to them for a million dollars, a sum then considered absurd. Gathering the other league owners together to contribute to the unprecedented amount on the grounds that inking such a major star would give instant credibility to the new rival league that was competing directly against the entrenched NHL, Jets' owner Ben Hatskin agreed to the sum and signed Hull for a contract worth $1,000,000 over ten years. Although their debut with Winnipeg was held up in litigation by the NHL, Hull instantly became the WHA's greatest star.
Regular season
When the Jets played their first game on October 12 in New York against the Raiders, the Jets were without Bobby Hull. They were in court battling their former team, the Chicago Black Hawks over their new contract. The Jets would still win that first game 6–4. Three days later, the Jets would make their home debut losing to the Alberta Oilers 5–2. Bobby Hull won their court battle and joined the Jets 15 games into the season. Bobby Hull captured the WHA's first MVP award, by scoring 51 goals. The Jets won the Western Division with a 43–31–4 record.
Season standings
Playoffs
In the playoffs, the Jets would beat the Minnesota Fighting Saints in 5 games. In the second round of the playoffs, the Jets beat the Houston Aeros in 4 straight to reach the Avco World Trophy finals. In the finals, the Jets were beaten by the New England Whalers in 5 games.
Winnipeg Jets 4, Minnesota Fighting Saints 1
Winnipeg Jets 4, Houston Aeros 0
New England Whalers 4, Winnipeg Jets 1 – Avco Cup Finals
Awards and records
Bobby Hull, Gary L. Davidson Award
Player statistics
Forwards
Note: GP= Games played; G= Goals; A= Assists; PTS = Points; PIM = Points
Defencemen
Note: GP= Games played; G= Goals; A= Assists; PTS = Points; PIM = Points
Goaltending
Note: GP= Games played; MIN= Minutes; W= Wins; L= Losses; T = Ties; SO = Shutouts; GAA = Goals against
References
Jets on Hockey Database
Jets on Sports Encyclopedia
Winnipeg Jets (1972–1996) seasons
Winn
Winn
Winnipeg Jets
Winnipeg Jets
Caught on Camera is a British documentary series, which looks at real-life footage, filmed by members of the public.
The cameras used to film this footage, such as CCTV, smartphones, bodycams and dashcams, are everywhere in the United Kingdom, capturing many traditional British events, such as angry moments, car incidents, heroes holding their own against criminals, etc.
Caught on Camera also interviews those involved, regarding these events, including those who are the victims and the heroes, whilst mentioning the results of the events.
Episodes
References
External links
Twitter page
2009 British television series debuts
ITV (TV network) original programming
Television shows set in the United Kingdom
The rufous-throated tanager (Ixothraupis rufigula) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae. It is found in Colombia and Ecuador.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.
References
rufous-throated tanager
Birds of the Colombian Andes
Birds of the Ecuadorian Andes
rufous-throated tanager
rufous-throated tanager
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Robert Scott Bradshaw Burkitt was Archdeacon of Lismore from 1912 until their death in 1940.
Burkitt was educated at Trinity College, Dublin. After a curacy in Killinane they were the incumbent at Cappoquin from 1898 until their death.
Notes
Alumni of Trinity College Dublin
Archdeacons of Lismore
19th-century Irish Anglican priests
20th-century Irish Anglican priests
Mazhalai Pattalam () is a 1980 Indian Tamil-language children's film simultaneously filmed in Kannada as Makkala Sainya (). The directorial debut of Lakshmi, it stars Vishnuvardhan and Sumithra. The story is based on the 1968 film Yours, Mine and Ours.
Plot
Cast
Vishnuvardhan
Sumithra
Production
The film is the directorial debut of Lakshmi, who was supervised by K. Balachander. The story is based on the 1968 film Yours, Mine and Ours.
Soundtrack
The soundtrack was composed by M. S. Viswanathan. The song "Gowri Manohari" is based on Gourimanohari raga. The song was named after Gowri Manohar, a character from the film.
Release
Mazhalai Pattalam was released on 9 May 1980, and Makkala Sainya on 21 July that year.
References
External links
1980 directorial debut films
1980 films
1980 multilingual films
1980s children's films
1980s Kannada-language films
1980s Tamil-language films
Films scored by M. S. Viswanathan
Indian children's films
Indian multilingual films
Alibek Bekbayuly Kasym (, Älıbek Bekbaiūly Qasym; born 27 May 1998) is a Kazakhstani footballer who plays as a defender for Kyzylzhar and the Kazakhstan national team.
Career
Kasym made their professional debut with Akzhayik in a 5–3 Kazakhstan Cup win over FC Okzhetpes on 19 April 2018.
International career
Kasym made their international debut for the Kazakhstan national team in a friendly 4–0 win loss to North Macedonia on 4 June 2021.
References
External links
NFT Profile
Vesti Profile
1998 births
Living people
People from Oral, Kazakhstan
Kazakhstani footballers
Kazakhstan international footballers
Association football defenders
FC Kairat players
FC Kyzylzhar players
Kazakhstan Premier League players
In computing, thin provisioning involves using virtualization technology to give the appearance of having more physical resources than are actually available. If a system always has enough resource to simultaneously support all of the virtualized resources, then it is not thin provisioned. The term thin provisioning is applied to disk layer in this article, but could refer to an allocation scheme for any resource. For example, real memory in a computer is typically thin-provisioned to running tasks with some form of address translation technology doing the virtualization. Each task acts as if it has real memory allocated. The sum of the allocated virtual memory assigned to tasks typically exceeds the total of real memory.
The efficiency of thin or thick/fat provisioning is a function of the use case, not of the technology. Thick provisioning is typically more efficient when the amount of resource used very closely approximates to the amount of resource allocated. Thin provisioning offers more efficiency where the amount of resource used is much smaller than allocated, so that the benefit of providing only the resource needed exceeds the cost of the virtualization technology used.
Just-in-time allocation differs from thin provisioning. Most file systems back files just-in-time but are not thin provisioned. Overallocation also differs from thin provisioning; resources can be over-allocated / oversubscribed without using virtualization technology, for example overselling seats on a flight without allocating actual seats at time of sale, avoiding having each consumer having a claim on a specific seat number.
Thin provisioning is a mechanism that applies to large-scale centralized computer disk-storage systems, SANs, and storage virtualization systems. Thin provisioning allows space to be easily allocated to servers, on a just-enough and just-in-time basis. Thin provisioning is called "sparse volumes" in some contexts.
Overview
Thin provisioning, in a shared-storage environment, provides a method for optimizing utilization of available storage. It relies on on-demand allocation of blocks of data versus the traditional method of allocating all the blocks in advance. This methodology eliminates almost all whitespace which helps avoid the poor utilization rates, often as low as 10%, that occur in the traditional storage allocation method where large pools of storage capacity are allocated to individual servers but remain unused (not written to). This traditional model is often called "fat" or "thick" provisioning.
With thin provisioning, storage capacity utilization efficiency can be automatically driven up towards 100% with very little administrative overhead. Organizations can purchase less storage capacity up front, defer storage capacity upgrades in line with actual business usage, and save the operating costs (electricity and floorspace) associated with keeping unused disk capacity spinning.
Thin technology on a storage virtualization frame was first introduced by VMware as part of their VMware Workstation and VMware ESX products in early 2001. Previous systems generally required large amounts of storage to be physically pre-allocated because of the complexity and impact of growing volume (LUN) space. Thin provisioning enables over-allocation or over-subscription.
Over-allocation
Over-allocation or over-subscription is a mechanism that allows a server to view more storage capacity than has been physically reserved on the storage array itself. This allows flexibility in growth of storage volumes, without having to predict accurately how much a volume will grow. Instead, block growth becomes sequential. Physical storage capacity on the array is only dedicated when data is actually written by the application, not when the storage volume is initially allocated. The servers, and by extension the applications that reside on them, view a full size volume from the storage but the storage itself only allocates the blocks of data when they are written.
As a practical consideration, a storage manager needs to monitor actual storage used, adding additional storage capacity such as disks, tapes, solid-state drives (SSD), etc. as necessary to satisfy the write requests of the server and residing application(s).
The over-allocation concept was first introduced when StorageTek (STK) announced their Iceberg product in 1991 (released later in 1994).
Banking analogy
There is an analogy between thin provisioning in computers and the keeping of cash reserve ratios in banks. Much as all processes running on a computer whose memory is thinly provisioned may not simultaneously use the sum total of their allotments of memory because it does not all exist in the computer at one time; if all depositors to a bank simultaneously close their accounts by taking cash withdrawals, a bank run ensues, since their combined total usually exceeds the cash kept by the bank.
See also
Logical Volume Manager
Statistical multiplexing
Storage hypervisor
Storage virtualization
Fractional-reserve banking
References
External links
Wikibon thin provisioning article
Computer data storage
Hardware virtualization
Antioch is an unincorporated community in Posey Township, Switzerland County, in the U.S. state of Indiana.
History
A post office was established at Antioch in 1894, and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1902.
Geography
Antioch is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Switzerland County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
The Cabinet of Rwanda consists of the Prime Minister, Ministers, Ministers of State and other members nominated by the President. Members of Cabinet are selected from political organisations based on the number of seats they hold in the Chamber of Deputies, but members of Cabinet cannot themselves belong to the Chamber.
Gender balance
The cabinet in 2018 is 50% women making Rwanda, with Ethiopia, the only two African countries with gender equality in their governments. President Paul Kagame reduced the number of cabinet members from 31 to 26 in October 2018.
Members of Cabinet
Ministers of State
References
External links
Out goes the Old Guard: New faces and experience in Kagame's government As of 20 October 2018.
Politics of Rwanda
Government of Rwanda
Rwanda
Fear of God refers to fear or a specific sense of respect, awe, and submission to a deity.
Fear of God may also refer to:
Music
Fear of God (American band), a 1990s Los Angeles metal band
Fear of God (The Bats album) or the title song, 1991
Fear of God (Deitiphobia album), 1991
The Fear of God (Eshon Burgundy album) or the title song, 2015
The Fear of God (Showbread album) or the title song, 2009
Other uses
Fear of God, a streetwear label founded by Jerry Lorenzo
See also
Fear of God II: Let Us Pray, a 2011 EP by Pusha T
God-fearer, a class of Gentile sympathizers to Hellenistic Judaism
Albert Snaer (January 29, 1902 – 1962) was an American jazz trumpeter.
Snaer was born, in New Orleans, Louisiana and there studied with Paul Chaligny. They worked on riverboats on the Mississippi River in the 1920s, playing in the bands of Fate Marable, Dewey Jackson, and George Augustin. With Augustin, they co-led a band called the Moonlight Serenaders. They played in the Excelsior Brass Band before moving to New York City in 1928.
In the 1930s Snaer played with Andy Kirk and Leroy Smith, but spent most of their time as a member of Claude Hopkins's orchestra. They went into semiretirement in the 1940s, starting up a dry cleaning business in Connecticut. They played on some of Sidney Bechet's recordings in the late 1940s. In the middle of the 1950s they moved to San Francisco, where they played with Big Boy Goudie. In 1960 it was thought that they had died, and several papers ran obituaries about him; they did not actually die until 1962.
References
Eugene Chadbourne, [ Albert Snaer] at Allmusic
Discogs
1902 births
1962 deaths
American jazz trumpeters
American male trumpeters
Jazz musicians from New Orleans
20th-century American musicians
20th-century trumpeters
20th-century American male musicians
American male jazz musicians
Excelsior Brass Band members
Take You Higher may refer to:
Take You Higher (Goodwill and Hook n Sling song)
Take You Higher (Wilkinson song)
Take You Higher (album), a 1985 album by Dynamic Hepnotics
See also
I Want to Take You Higher, a song by Sly and the Family Stone
"Enquanto Houver Sol" is the seventeenth single by Titãs, released in 2004. The song was featured on the 2002 Rede Globo telenovela Celebridade. Malu Mader, Tony Bellotto's wife, starred as the main character. According to ABPD, it was among the 10 most played songs on the radio in 2004.
When asked if the song was inspired by "Epitáfio", the main hit from their previous record, songwriter, vocalist and keyboardist Sérgio Britto said:
In the music video for this song, the band members are seen among the dark, with images being displayed on their shirts.
Titãs Trio Acústico version
In 2020, the band, then reduced to a trio (Branco Mello on vocals, acoustic guitar and bass; Sérgio Britto on vocal, keyboards and bass; and Tony Bellotto on vocals, acoustic and electric guitar, re-recorded the track as part of their Titãs Trio Acústico project.
The version received a video directed by Otávio Juliano and Luciana Ferraz and produced by Interface Filmes. In the video, puppets imitating the members perform the song. The puppets were created by Virgílio Zago and Guilherme Pires.
References
2004 singles
Titãs songs
2002 songs
Songs written by Sérgio Britto
The Peekskill Downtown Historic District is a historic district located in the downtown section of Peekskill in the U.S. state of New York. It includes the along Main, Division, South, Park, Bank, Brown, First and Esther streets, and Central and Union avenues, near where those streets intersect. There are 150 buildings and one object counted among its contributing resources.
Peekskill, originally a settlement along the shore of the Hudson River where farmers from inland Westchester County brought produce for transshipment to markets in New York City and elsewhere, began to grow inland in the early 19th century due to the intersection of two major roads that roughly corresponds to today's Central and Division streets. The Albany Post Road, followed later by US 9 until its relocation to the Croton Expressway closer to the river, and the Danbury Turnpike, still followed by US 202 (and, in the western part of the city and district, US 6 and NY 35). Two houses in the district, in a typical Hudson Valley vernacular style, remain from this era.
Industrialization began changing downtown after 1830, with brick buildings supporting that use replacing older wooden ones along Magregere's Creek. Many of the district's churches were built by the mid-19th century. Fashionable houses, later known as "Doctor's Row", were built on Main Street. In the 1880s the Moorish Revival tower was built on a structure in the center of town that has remained a landmark for passing travelers ever since. Other late Victorian styles made their mark as well.
In the 20th century, some more buildings were added in more modern contemporary styles, and the increasing use of the automobile affected downtown as well. The decline of retail shopping in the district led to urban renewal efforts in the 1960s and 70s. While some historic buildings were razed, the major urban renewal projects coincided with the eastern boundary of the downtown core, sparing most of it. The district was recognized and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004 as a rare example of intact 19th-century Hudson Valley downtown architecture.
References
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Buildings and structures in Peekskill, New York
Historic districts in Westchester County, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Westchester County, New York
Nuon Chea (; born Lao Kim Lorn; 7 July 1926 – 4 August 2019), also known as Long Bunruot () or Rungloet Laodi ( ), was a Cambodian communist politician and revolutionary who was the chief ideologist of the Khmer Rouge. They also briefly served as acting Prime Minister of Democratic Kampuchea. They were commonly known as "Brother Number Two" (), as they were second-in-command to Khmer Rouge leader Pol Pot, General Secretary of the Party, during the Cambodian genocide of 1975–1979. In 2014, Nuon Chea received a life sentence for crimes against humanity, alongside another top-tier Khmer Rouge leader, Khieu Samphan, and a further trial convicted them of genocide in 2018. These life sentences were merged into a single life sentence by the Trial Chamber on 16 November 2018. They died while serving their sentence in 2019.
Early life
Nuon Chea was born as Lao Kim Lorn at Voat Kor, Battambang on 7 July 1926. Nuon's father, Lao Liv, worked as a trader as well as a corn farmer, while their mother, Dos Peanh, was a tailor. An interview by a Japanese researcher in 2003 with Nuon Chea quoted that Liv was Chinese, while Peanh was the daughter of a Chinese immigrant from Shantou and their Khmer wife. In 2011, however, Chea told the Khmer Rouge Tribunal that they were only a quarter Chinese through their half-Chinese father. As a child, Nuon Chea was raised in both Chinese and Khmer customs. The family prayed at a Theravada Buddhist temple, but observed Chinese religious customs during the Lunar New Year and Qingming festival. Nuon Chea started school at seven, and was educated in Thai, French and Khmer.
In the 1940s, Nuon Chea studied at Wat Benchamabophit School and Faculty of Law, Thammasat University in Bangkok and worked part-time for the Thai Ministry of Foreign Affairs. They began their political activities in the Communist Party of Siam in Bangkok. They were elected Deputy General Secretary of the Workers Party of Kampuchea (later renamed as the Communist Party of Kampuchea) in September 1960. In Democratic Kampuchea, they were generally known as "Brother Number Two." Unlike most of the leaders of the Khmer Rouge, Chea was not educated in France.
As documented in the Soviet archives, Nuon Chea played a major role in negotiating the North Vietnamese invasion of Cambodia in 1970, with the intent of forcing the collapse of Lon Nol's government: "In April–May 1970, many North Vietnamese forces entered Cambodia in response to the call for help addressed to Vietnam not by Pol Pot, but by their deputy Nuon Chea. Nguyen Co Thach recalls: "Nuon Chea has asked for help and we have liberated five provinces of Cambodia in ten days." In 1970, in fact, Vietnamese forces occupied almost a quarter of the territory of Cambodia, and the zone of communist control grew several times, as power in the so-called liberated regions was given to the CPK [Khmer Rouge]. At that time relations between Pol Pot and the North Vietnamese leaders were especially warm." The North Vietnamese trusted Nuon Chea more than Pol Pot or Ieng Sary, although Chea "consistently and consciously deceived the Vietnamese principals concerning the real plans of the Khmer leadership." As a result, "Hanoi did not undertake any action to change the power pattern within the top ranks of the Communist Party to their own benefit."
Career
As the recently proclaimed state legislature, the Kampuchean People's Representative Assembly held its first plenary session during 11–13 April 1976, Chea was elected president of its Standing Committee. They briefly held office as acting prime minister when Pol Pot resigned for one month, citing health reasons. According to Dmitry Mosyakov, "In October 1978, Hanoi still believed that 'there were two prominent party figures in Phnom Penh who sympathized with Vietnam—Nuon Chea and the former first secretary of the Eastern Zone, So Phim. Vietnamese hopes that these figures would head an uprising against Pol Pot turned out to be groundless: So Phim perished during the revolt in June 1978, while Nuon Chea, as it is known, turned out to be one of the most devoted followers of Pol Pot—he did not defect to the Vietnamese side....It is difficult to understand why until the end of 1978 it was believed in Hanoi that Nuon Chea was 'their man' in spite of the fact that all previous experience should have proved quite the contrary. Was Hanoi unaware of their permanent siding with Pol Pot, their demands that 'the Vietnamese minority should not be allowed to reside in Kampuchea', their extreme cruelty, as well as of the fact that, 'in comparison with Nuon Chea, people considered Pol Pot a paragon of kindness'?" Nuon Chea was forced to abandon their position as president of the Assembly, along with all others as the Vietnamese captured Phnom Penh in January 1979. According to prison commander Kaing Khek Iev (more commonly known as Duch), who described Chea as "the principal man for the killings," Chea "ordered me to kill all the remaining prisoners" at Tuol Sleng shortly before the regime's ouster; Chea was reportedly "furious" that Duch failed to destroy Tuol Sleng's extensive archives documenting torture and mass murder at the prison before the Vietnamese took the site.
In December 1998, Chea surrendered as part of the last remnants of Khmer Rouge resistance which was based in Pailin near the Thailand border. The government under Prime Minister Hun Sen, themselves a former member of the Khmer Rouge, agreed to forsake attempts to prosecute Chea, a decision that was condemned by Western nations. American journalist Nate Thayer, the last person to interview Pol Pot, describes Nuon Chea as "probably more guilty than Pol Pot themselves for the actual killings that went on while the Khmer Rouge were in power."
Arrest and trial
On 19 September 2007, 81 year old Chea was arrested at their home in Pailin and flown to the Khmer Rouge Tribunal in Phnom Penh, which charged them with war crimes and crimes against humanity. They were held continuously in detention after their arrest. In February 2008, Chea told the court that their case should be handled according to international standards. They argued that the court should delay proceedings because their Dutch lawyer, Michiel Pestman, had not yet arrived.
In May 2013, Chea told the court and the victims' families, "I feel remorseful for the crimes that were committed intentionally or unintentionally, whether or not I had known about it or not known about it." On 7 August 2014, the court convicted Chea of crimes against humanity and sentenced them to imprisonment for the remainder of their life. Their lawyer immediately announced that Chea would appeal against their conviction. Chea faced a separate trial for the crime of genocide in the same court. The court found them and Khieu Samphan guilty of genocide against the Vietnamese people and the Chams on 16 November 2018. These life sentences were merged into a single life sentence by the Trial Chamber on 16 November 2018.
In their closing brief before the court, numbering some 500 pages, Chea "blamed Vietnamese agents for virtually everything that went wrong during Khmer Rouge rule." They also denied responsibility for mass killings, but this was contradicted by detailed documentation left behind by the Khmer Rouge regime itself, including bizarre "confessions" extracted under torture at Tuol Sleng and photographs of purge victims, as well as a recording made by a Cambodian journalist prior to Chea's 2007 arrest in which Chea admitted: "Believe me, if these traitors were alive, the Khmers as a people would have been finished. ... If we had shown mercy to these people, the nation would have been lost."
Death
Nuon Chea died on 4 August 2019 at the Khmer-Soviet Friendship Hospital in Phnom Penh, aged 93. They had been hospitalized since 2 July for lack of blood-flow to their toe which turned black. Chea's circulation was not delivering blood properly to it. Lack of proper blood flow brought infection of their toe which eventually killed him, most likely by causing sepsis of blood and eventual multiple organs failure. Their body was later brought to Sala Krau, Pailin, before cremation in accordance with Buddhist tradition.
See also
Enemies of the People
Cambodian genocide
References
External links
Extraordinary Chambers in the Courts of Cambodia
571-page closing brief, Chea's version of Khmer Rouge history
The Rape Of Khmer Muslim Women
"Brother Number Two Enjoys Retirement" Full Transcript
Cambodia Tribunal Monitor
Documentary Feature Film featuring interviews with Nuon Chea
|-
1926 births
2019 deaths
20th-century Cambodian politicians
Cambodian Buddhists
Cambodian communists
Cambodian revolutionaries
Khmer Rouge party members
Cambodian politicians convicted of crimes
Cambodian people convicted of crimes against humanity
Cambodian politicians of Chinese descent
Cambodian prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment
Communist Party of Kampuchea politicians
Nuon Chea
Genocide perpetrators
People convicted by the Khmer Rouge Tribunal
People convicted of genocide
People from Battambang province
Presidents of the National Assembly (Cambodia)
Prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment by Cambodia
Nuon Chea
Heads of government who were later imprisoned
The Kebar Dam is a masonry arch dam on the Kebar River, Iran, located near a town of the same name,
23 km southeast of Qom, near the village of Zanburak in Jannatabad, Qom. The dam is an early arch dam and was the first arch dam constructed by the Mongolians, around 1300 AD.
It is the oldest surviving arch dam.
The dam is 26m tall and 55m wide and was constructed for irrigation water supply. It was originally 24m tall but 2m of height was added in either the beginning or middle of the 17th century. The arch of the dam was of normal curvature with a radius of 35m and angle of 45-degrees. While the dam sat on limestone, its curve rested on two winged walls that served as abutments. The downstream face of the dam was vertical until near its abutment where it slightly curves out. Near the dam's right, or western, abutment there is a 10m deep cylindrical hole which served as an intake and outlet works for the dam. The outlet works is located at the bottom and is a larger opening but there are various smaller openings throughout the shaft to release water. The dam impounded a small reservoir that is no longer used and is mostly filled with silt.
References
Buildings and structures completed in the 14th century
Infrastructure completed in the 14th century
Dams in Qom Province
Archaeological sites in Iran
Masonry dams
Arch dams
Buildings and structures in Qom Province
Siminina, was a Roman era civitas of the Roman province of Africa Proconsularis.
The ancient city is tentatively identified with ruins at Bir-El-Djedidi, Tunisia.
The city was also the seat of an ancient Christian bishopric, suffragan of Archdiocese of Carthage. Only two bishops of Siminina are documented
Deuterium was present at the Council of Carthage (484) called by the Vandal king Huneric.
Giuniano intervened in the Council of Carthage (525).
Today Siminina survives as a titular bishopric and the bishop until their death was Robert Patrick Maginnis of Philadelphia.
References
Former populated places in Tunisia
Catholic titular sees in Africa
Roman towns and cities in Africa (Roman province)
The January 2001 El Salvador earthquake struck El Salvador on January 13, 2001 at 17:33:34 UTC. The 7.6 (later estimated to be 7.7 or 7.9) quake struck with the epicenter 60 miles (100 km) SW of San Miguel, El Salvador (13.04°N 88.66°W) at a depth of 60 km. At least 944 people were killed, 5,565 injured, 108,261 houses destroyed – with another 169,692 houses damaged – and more than 150,000 buildings were damaged in El Salvador. About 585 of the deaths were caused by large landslides in Santa Tecla and Comasagua. As is often the case after earthquakes in El Salvador, landslides wreaked significant damage. Estimation of the number of slides is difficult because individual scarps conjoin. The total has been reported as high as 16,000, though it is unclear how this figure was arrived at. Damage and injuries occurred in every department of El Salvador, particularly the departments of La Libertad and Usulután. Eight people were killed in Guatemala. The tremor was felt from Mexico City to Colombia. An aftershock measuring 5.7 magnitude was felt on January 15, an event not widely reported outside the country until after another earthquake on February 13, which initially was assessed by the USGS at 5.7 magnitude as well.
As of February 2, 2001, more than 2,500 aftershocks had hit El Salvador, leading to additional damage and terrorizing the inhabitants. Clean water and sanitation became a matter of grave concern in many areas due to the earthquake's destruction of some $7 million to municipal drinking water systems, and tens of thousands of people were living outdoors in spite of the approaching rainy season (Invierno). Government and public health organizations warned of the possible spread of disease as desperate people began to scavenge debris piles – some containing severed human limbs – looking for items they could pawn to purchase needed food and other commodities.
Tectonic setting
El Salvador lies above the convergent boundary where oceanic crust of the Cocos Plate is being subducted beneath the Caribbean Plate at rate of about 72 mm per year along the Middle America Trench. This boundary is associated with earthquakes resulting from movement on the plate interface itself, such as the 7.7 1992 Nicaragua earthquake, and from faulting within both the overriding Caribbean Plate and the subducting Cocos Plate, such as the 1982 El Salvador earthquake.
Earthquake
The January 13 earthquake was a result of normal faulting within the subducting Cocos Plate as shown by the hypocentral depth and published focal mechanisms. Of the two possible fault planes indicated, analysis of observed seismic waves supports the solution with a fault plane dipping moderately to the northeast. It was followed by a series of aftershocks, including 70 greater than M 4 of which 10 were greater than M 5 in the period up to February 2, 2020. The largest aftershock was an M 5.8 event at 12:20 on January 15.
Exactly one month after the mainshock there was another destructive earthquake, which occurred on an entirely different fault within the overriding Caribbean Plate, leading to a further 315 deaths.
Post-quake analysis
In the days and weeks following the earthquakes, Salvadoran and foreign agencies analysed the factors that had facilitated the destruction the disasters had caused. While Salvadoran government representatives were quick to point out that the destruction had been far less than that of the 1986 earthquakes, outside researchers critiqued shortcomings in preparedness and in policies toward land development that had permitted massive deforestation in the Santa Tecla area. Mexican seismologists invited by the Salvadoran government summarized their observations this way:
The government's response to the earthquakes was critiqued from different sides, with some criticizing the legislature for not approving the full amount of emergency funding urged by President Flores, and others condemning what they saw as the ARENA government's contributions to the devastation. The Nicaragua-based magazine Envío argued that the conservative government's pro-business stance had fostered aggressive levels of land development, coupled with high poverty rates that forced poor rural residents to make do with inadequate but cheap building materials, asserting: "Totaling up these factors makes it clear that the consequences of a natural phenomenon like an earthquake cannot be described as 'natural' ... Describing the January 13 earthquake as a 'natural disaster' is not only irresponsible, but also a declaration of future impotence. It assumes fatalistic acceptance that no natural phenomena can be prevented and that all one can do is respond to emergencies as they arise and try to rehabilitate and reconstruct what has been destroyed." The magazine further critiqued the government's optimism about economic recovery in the aftermath of the first quake as an "insulting" minimization of the tragedy caused across the country and as an attempt to shore up the dollarization campaign that had been the focus of political attention up until the quakes.
See also
1986 San Salvador earthquake
List of earthquakes in 2001
List of earthquakes in El Salvador
References
External links
First quake (USGS)
Second quake (USGS)
Images – International Services – El Salvador Earthquake, 2001, photos and information by the American Red Cross
El Salvador 2001, 01
2001, 01
2001, 01
Earthquake 01
Earthquake 01
El Salvador earthquake
El Salvador 2001.01
El Salvador 01
The Fighting Men () is a 1950 Italian melodrama film directed by Camillo Mastrocinque and Roberto Savarese.
Plot summary
Cast
Rossano Brazzi as Saro Costa
Charles Vanel as Don Salvatore Sparaino
Claudine Dupuis as Stellina Luparello
Milly Vitale as Elena Occhipinti
Eduardo Ciannelli as Barone Occhipinti
Turi Pandolfini
Ignazio Balsamo as Ciro Sollima
Carla Calò as Rosa
External links
1950 films
1950 drama films
French drama films
Italian drama films
1950s Italian-language films
French black-and-white films
Lippert Pictures films
Films directed by Camillo Mastrocinque
Films directed by Roberto Savarese
Films scored by Enzo Masetti
Melodrama films
1950s Italian films
1950s French films
William Thomas Fitzgerald (October 13, 1858 – January 12, 1939) was an American educator, physician, and politician who served two terms as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1925 to 1929.
Biography
Born in Greenville, Ohio, Fitzgerald attended the rural schools and the Greenville High School.
They served as member of the National Guard of Ohio 1875-1882, and saw service during the Newark riots in 1877.
They graduated from the National Normal University, Lebanon, Ohio, in 1887.
They taught in the Greenville High School 1886-1889.
They graduated from the medical department of the University of Wooster, Wooster, Ohio, in 1891 and commenced practice in Greenville in 1891.
They served as member of the board of education 1906-1914.
They served as mayor of Greenville 1921-1925.
Fitzgerald was elected as a Republican to the Sixty-ninth and Seventieth Congresses (March 4, 1925 – March 3, 1929).
They served as chairperson of the Committee on Revision of the Laws (Sixty-ninth Congress), Committee on Invalid Pensions (Seventieth Congress).
They were not a candidate for renomination in 1928 to the Seventy-first Congress.
They resumed the practice of medicine in Greenville, Ohio, where they died on January 12, 1939.
They were interred in Greenville Cemetery.
Sources
1858 births
1939 deaths
People from Greenville, Ohio
National Normal University alumni
College of Wooster alumni
Physicians from Ohio
Mayors of places in Ohio
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Karb or KARB may refer to:
Karb , a 2015 Pakistani television series.
KARB , a radio station in Utah, United States.
George J. Karb (1858-1937), mayor of Columbus, Ohio, United States
KARB, the ICAO code for Ann Arbor Municipal Airport in Michigan, United States
See also
Carb (disambiguation)
was the Minister of Internal Affairs and Communications of Japan from September 2010 through September 2011. They were the governor of Tottori Prefecture from 1999 to 2007.
References
1951 births
Democratic Party of Japan politicians
Government ministers of Japan
Living people
Ministers of Internal Affairs of Japan
People from Okayama
Governors of Tottori Prefecture
Andrew Gustafson (April 3, 1903 – January 7, 1979) was an American football player, coach, and college athletics administrator. They served as the head football coach at Virginia Agricultural and Mechanical College and Polytechnic Institute (VPI)—now Virginia Tech—from 1926 to 1929 and the University of Miami from 1948 to 1963, compiling a career college football record of 115–78–4. Gustafson was also the athletic director at Miami from 1963 to 1968. They were inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame as a coach in 1985.
Early life and playing career
Gustafson was born in Aurora, Illinois. As a halfback at the University of Pittsburgh, Gustafson scored the first touchdown ever in Pitt Stadium in 1925 against Washington and Lee.
Coaching career
Gustafson served as the head football coach of Virginia Tech from 1926 to 1929, where they compiled a 22–13–1 record.
Gustafson is considered one of the University of Miami's most successful coaches, with a record of 93–65–3 (.587). They led the Hurricanes to four seasons of eight wins or more and was the longest serving coach in school history.  They are currently a member of the University of Miami Sports Hall of Fame. They also served as the athletic director of the school, following their retirement as a head coach.
Head coaching record
References
External links
1903 births
1979 deaths
American football halfbacks
Army Black Knights football coaches
Dartmouth Big Green football coaches
Miami Hurricanes athletic directors
Miami Hurricanes football coaches
Pittsburgh Panthers football coaches
Pittsburgh Panthers football players
Virginia Tech Hokies football coaches
College Football Hall of Fame inductees
Sportspeople from Aurora, Illinois
Sportspeople from Coral Gables, Florida
Coaches of American football from Illinois
Players of American football from Illinois
Kali is a Sudanese character in the 1911 novel In Desert and Wilderness () by Polish writer Henryk Sienkiewicz.  They are one of the earliest Polish literary depictions of a black person and has thus been cited as having shaped Polish perceptions of black people.
Plot
A Polish boy, Staś, and an English girl named Nel, are caught up in the outbreak of the Mahdist War in Sudan. They end up travelling through the desert accompanied by two black people, Kali (the son of a tribal chief) and a girl named Mea, whom Staś has freed from Arab rebels. They encounter a number of wonders and perils. During these adventures, Kali is "brave, creative and honourable" and later they become "a fair and successful leader of their people."
Kali in Polish culture
Kali speaks broken English and many of their phrases have become frequently quoted, especially "Kali jeść, Kali pić" which means "Kali eat, Kali drink" (the lack of verb-subject agreement and conjugation being due to their lack of knowledge).
According to Time Magazine, 'Kali has been immortalized in the Polish language in the saying, “Kali's morality,” which means “double standard"' Kali says at one point: “If somebody takes Kali's cow, it's a bad deed. If Kali takes somebody's cow, it's a good deed.”
References
Afro-Polish history
Black people in literature
Fictional characters introduced in 1911
Andrew Thomas Wilson (born 1 August 1964 in Sydney) is an Australian slalom canoeist who competed from the mid-1980s to the late 1990s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, they earned their best finish of 14th in the C-2 event in Atlanta in 1996.
In 2014, Wilson completed the Bachelor of Medicine degree at the University of Newcastle.
References
Sports-Reference.com profile
1964 births
Australian male canoeists
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Canoeists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Australia
Simon Thelwall (born 1561 – date of death unknown) was a Welsh politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1593.
Thelwall was the seventh son of John Wyn Thelwall of Bathafern Park. They entered Balliol College, Oxford on 16 October 1581, aged 20 and was awarded BA from St Mary Hall, Oxford on 28 February 1584. They were the brother of lawyer and politician Eubule Thelwall.
They became a student of Lincoln's Inn in 1591, and practised as a Proctor of the Court of Arches. They were Registrar of the diocese of Bangor, and Chief Clerk to Sir Daniel Donne Judge of the Prerogative Court. In 1593, they were elected Member of Parliament for Denbigh. They held the estate of Cefn Coch. They were one of those who received a grant on 22 August 1631 of the post of Master of the Office of Revels.
They married Ann Biggs of Woodford. They had two sons and two daughters.
References
1561 births
Year of death missing
Alumni of Balliol College, Oxford
Alumni of St Mary Hall, Oxford
Members of Lincoln's Inn
Members of the Parliament of England (pre-1707) for constituencies in Wales
17th-century English people
English MPs 1593
Justin Yoon (born October 7, 1995) is an American football kicker who is currently a free agent. They played college football for the Notre Dame Fighting Irish.
High school
Born in Ohio, Yoon, who grew up playing ice hockey while living in Nashville, Tennessee, played both ice hockey and football while attending Milton Academy in Milton, Massachusetts. They attended Harding Academy and Montgomery Bell Academy while living in Nashville. Despite starting football in eighth grade while at Harding Academy, Yoon was 9–11 on field goals, 38–39 on point after attempts and had 37 touchbacks in 53 kickoff attempts during their junior season at Milton. As a result, they were named PrepStar All-East Region for Massachusetts. Yoon then missed much of their senior season due to injury, but was still invited to and played in the Under Armour All-America Game where they kicked three field goals of 31, 32 and 47 yards, and hit all five PAT attempts. Their 47-yard field goal was the longest in the Under Armour All-America Game's history. On February 4, 2015, National Signing Day, Yoon signed to play college football at Notre Dame.
College career
As starting kicker Kyle Brindza had graduated and left for the NFL the previous spring, Yoon immediately became the starting kicker for the Fighting Irish. Sophomore Tyler Newsome handled the punting and kickoff duties while Yoon handled field goals and point after attempts. After beginning the season 3–5 on FG attempts, Yoon ended the season a perfect 12–12 on field goals. They quickly became affectionately known by the moniker “YOOOON” that Notre Dame fans cheered during their kicks. By the end of the regular season, Yoon was 46–48 on PATs and 15–17 on FGs, including a 52-yarder in a win over Navy. Ranking as high as fourth in the College Football Playoff rankings, the 10–2 Fighting Irish finished the season eighth in the CFP rankings and earned a spot in the New Year's Six Fiesta Bowl. For their efforts, Yoon was named an ESPN Freshman All-American at the end of the season.
In 2018, during a 45–23 win over Virginia Tech, Yoon became Notre Dame's all-time leading scorer with 367 career points.
Professional career
After being undrafted in the 2019 NFL Draft, Yoon tried out for the Chicago Bears at their rookie mini-camp in early May, but was not signed.
Personal
Yoon is of Korean descent and their father, Jiseop, was an Olympic figure skater.
Their mother, Mihwa, owns and manages a pharmacy.
References
External links
Notre Dame Fighting Irish bio
1995 births
American people of South Korean descent
American football placekickers
Living people
Players of American football from Ohio
Notre Dame Fighting Irish football players
South Korean players of American football
Milton Academy alumni
Sir Greville Douglas Spratt, GBE, TD, JP, DL (1 May 1927 – 13 December 2012) was a British underwriter who was the 660th Lord Mayor of London from 1987 to 1988.
Biography
Spratt was educated at Leighton Park School, Charterhouse School, and the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst. They served with the Coldstream Guards from 1945 to 1946, before being commissioned into the Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire Light Infantry. They were seconded into the Arab Legion from 1946 to 1948.
After leaving the Army, they joined the Infantry Battalion of the Honourable Artillery Company as a private, before being commissioned in the HAC in 1950. They were appointed commanding officer of the HAC in 1962, with the rank of lieutenant colonel. They were a Regimental Colonel from 1966 to 1970 and again in 1978. They were Aide-de-Camp to the Queen from 1973 to 1978.
Spratt joined Lloyd's as an underwriter in 1950.
References
1927 births
2012 deaths
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of the British Empire
20th-century lord mayors of London
British Army officers
People educated at Leighton Park School
People educated at Charterhouse School
Graduates of the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst
Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire Light Infantry officers
Honourable Artillery Company soldiers
Honourable Artillery Company officers
Insurance underwriters
Deputy Lieutenants of Greater London
The Regulating Act of 1773 (formally, the East India Company Act 1772) was an Act of the Parliament of Great Britain intended to overhaul the management of the East India Company's rule in India. The Act did not prove to be a long-term solution to concerns over the company's affairs; Pitt's India Act was therefore subsequently enacted in 1784 as a more radical reform. It marked the first step towards parliamentary control over the company and centralised administration in India.
Background
By 1773, the East India Company was in dire financial straits. The company was important to the British Empire because it was a monopoly trading company in India and in the east and many influential people were shareholders. The Company paid (the present-day (2015) equivalent is £) annually to the government to maintain the monopoly but had been unable to meet its commitments since 1768 because of the loss of tea sales to America. About 85% of all the tea in America was smuggled Dutch tea. The East India Company owed money to both the Bank of England and the government: it had 15 million lbs ( million kg) of tea rotting in British warehouses and more en route from India. The Regulating Act 1773, was complemented by the Tea Act 1773, which had a principal objective that was to reduce the massive amount of tea held by the financially troubled British East India Company in its London warehouses and to help the financially struggling company survive.
Lord North decided to overhaul the management of the India Company with the Regulating Act. This was the first step to the eventual government control of India. The Act set up a system whereby it supervised (regulated) the work of the East India Company.
The company had taken over large areas of India for trading purposes and had an army to protect its interests. Company men were not trained to govern so North's government began moves towards government control since India was of national importance. Shareholders in the Company opposed the Act. The East India Company was still a powerful lobbying group in Parliament in spite of its financial problems.
Provisions of the Regulating Act
The Act limited Company dividends to 6% until it repaid a loan (passed by an accompanying act, 13 Geo. 3 c. 64) and restricted the Court of Directors to four-year terms.
First step taken by the British government to regulate and control the company's affairs in India.
It prohibited the servants of company from engaging in any private trade or accepting presents or bribes from the "natives".
The Act elevated Governor of Bengal, Warren Hastings to Governor-General of Bengal and subsumed the presidencies of Madras and Bombay under Bengal's control. It laid the foundations for a centralized administration in India. Governor of Bengal became the Governor General of Bengal with an executive council of four to assist him. Decisions would be taken by majority and Governor General could only vote in case of tie.
The Act named four additional men to serve with the Governor-General on the Supreme Council of Bengal: Lt-Gen John Clavering, George Monson, Richard Barwell, and Philip Francis.
A Supreme Court was established at Fort William at Calcutta(1774). British judges were to be sent to India to administer the British legal system that was used there.
Establishment of Supreme Court at Calcutta with Sir Elijah Impey as first chief justice. Court has both the Civil and criminal jurisdiction. With original & appelate jurisdiction.
It has permitted the company to keep back its territorial possession in India. It has not given the complete power to company hence called as regulating act. Ultimately, we can conclude that it was the first step towards parliamentary control over the company .
See also
East India Company Act
Pitt's India Act
Government of India Act 1858
References
Notes
Great Britain Acts of Parliament 1773
Legislation in British India
British East India Company
Canadian war memorials are buildings, monuments, and statues that commemorate the armed actions in the territory encompassing modern Canada, the role of the Canadian military in conflicts and peacekeeping operations, and Canadians who died or were injured in a war. Much of this military history of Canada is commemorated today with memorials across the country and around the world. Canadian memorials commemorate the sacrifices made as early as the Seven Years' War to the modern day War on Terror. As Newfoundland was a British Dominion until joining Confederation in 1949, there are several monuments in Newfoundland and Labrador and abroad which were dedicated to Newfoundland servicemen and women.
There are currently 6,293 war memorials in Canada registered with the National Inventory of Military Memorials, which is under the Canadian Department of Veterans Affairs. There are also war memorials across the world, some of which are operated by the Commonwealth War Graves Commission, which are dedicated to Canada as well as the Commonwealth members. There currently are 17 in France, six in Belgium, four in the United Kingdom, two in Afghanistan and South Korea, and one each in Egypt, Hong Kong, Italy, Malta, the Netherlands, Singapore, Turkey, and the United Arab Emirates.
There are few examples of memorial art created by Indigenous peoples before the late nineteenth century. One of the best-preserved memorials is in Áísínai'pi, or Writing-on-Stone Provincial Park, in southern Alberta. This UNESCO World Heritage Site houses an extensive series of small-scale petroglyphs incised on the sandstone bluffs of the Milk River, a number of them dating to thousands of years ago.
War memorials in Canada
Colonial period
There exists a number of memorials commemorating events that occurred prior to Canadian Confederation in 1867. In addition to pre-Confederation war memorials, a number of communities in Ontario also have cannons originating from the Crimean War. However, these cannons are war trophies gifted to various communities in Upper Canada after the conflict; and do not serve as a memorial. Prior to the twentieth century, Canadian memorials were dedicated to great leaders and victories, not the named deaths of ordinary service personnel.
North-West Rebellion and the Boer War
First and Second World Wars
The war memorial sculptors at work in Canada in the years following the First World War include: Emanuel Hahn, George W. Hill, Frank Norbury, Walter Allward, Hamilton MacCarthy, Coeur de Lion MacCarthy, Alfred Howell, Sydney March, Elizabeth Wyn Wood, Henri Hebert, J. Massey Rhind, Hubert Garnier, Nicholas Pirotton, Charles Adamson, Frances Loring, and Ivor Lewis.
1945 – present
Generic war memorials
War memorials overseas
First World War
Second World War – present
Legacy
The 31 paintings of Canadian War Memorials by F.A. (Tex) Dawson were unveiled just outside Currie Hall in the Mackenzie Building at Royal Military College of Canada in Kingston on Wednesday 7 April 2010. Jack Pike, the chairperson of the Royal Military College of Canada Museum's board of directors, said they had found a permanent and appropriate home. "We are delighted to have these paintings," they said in front of the assemblage of paintings, each representing a different memorial in a different setting and different seasons. "These are symbolic of sacrifice and remembrance and they do the whole thing so well."
See also
Canadian War Museum
List of Canadian Victoria Cross recipients
List of Royal Military College of Canada Memorials and traditions
List of conflicts in Canada
References
Further reading
External links
Memorials to Canadians' Achievements & Sacrifices
National Inventory of Canadian Military Memorials (NICMM)
War memorials
Military memorials and cemeteries
Canadian military memorials and cemeteries
The 2020–21 Women's T20 Super League was the third Women's T20 Super League competition that took place in South Africa. It took place in December 2020, with 4 teams taking part made up of the best players in South Africa. Coronations won the competition, winning their second title.
Competition format
The four teams played each other once in a round-robin, therefore playing three matches. Matches were played using a Twenty20 format.
The league worked on a points system with positions being based on the total points. Points were awarded as follows:
Win: 2 points.
Tie: 1 point.
Loss: 0 points.
Abandoned/No Result: 1 point.
Squads
A Virtual Draft took place on 3 December 2020, including players from the South Africa squad, South Africa Under-19s squad and top players from domestic provincial sides.
Points table
Source: CricketArchive
Fixtures
Statistics
Most runs
Source: CricketArchive
Most wickets
Source: CricketArchive
References
External links
Series home at ESPN Cricinfo
Women's T20 Super League
2020 in South African cricket
Joe Cheves (May 23, 1918 – July 31, 2007) was an American professional golfer and co-founder of the American Golf Association.
Cheveswas born in Cheraw, South Carolina and died in Morganton, North Carolina. They served in the Army during World War II receiving the World War II Victory Medal, American Defense Service Medal, American Theater Service Ribbon, Good Conduct Medal, Philippine Liberation Service Medal, and the APT Service Medal.
Cheves is known for shooting 17 shots under their age when on August 27, 1999 they shot 64 (8-under par) at Mimosa Hills Country Club in Morganton. They first tied their age in 1982 at 64. They served as club professional in Bennettsville, South Carolina and Wadesboro, North Carolina but spend most of their career at Mimosa Hills Country Club.
Tournaments won
Carolinas PGA Seniors (1972, 75, 76, 83)
Ben Hogan Staff Tournament
CPGA Carolinas Senior Open
Awards
member of North Carolina Sports Hall of Fame
1964 Carolinas Section Golf Professional of the Year
member of Carolinas Golf Hall of Fame
member of Carolinas PGA Hall of Fame
Burke County Sports Hall of Fame
References
American male golfers
Golfers from South Carolina
People from Cheraw, South Carolina
People from Morganton, North Carolina
1918 births
2007 deaths
Eslamiyeh (, also Romanized as Eslāmīyeh; also known as Salāmīyeh) is a village in Rivand Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 74, in 24 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
The Ngarlawongga, or more properly Ngarla, were an indigenous Australian people of the inland Mid West region of Western Australia. They are not to be confused with the Ngarla who live on the coast.
Country
The Ngarlawongga were the people who inhabited the area of the headwaters of the Ashburton and Gascoyne rivers, going south to the vicinity of the Three Rivers and Mulgul. Their eastern extension ran to Ilgarari. In Norman Tindale's estimation, their tribal territories covered some .
On the Ngarlawongga's boundaries, to their immediate north were the Mandara, then, running clockwise, the Wirdinya north-east, followed by the Wardal, and the Madoitja south/southeast and the Watjarri to their south-west. The Ninanu lay on their western flank, below the northwestern Inawongga.
People
The Australian writer Katharine Susannah Prichard's novel of interracial love, Coonardoo (1929), was written directly after their stay among the Ngarlawongga while resident on McGuire's pastoral station which was run by local aboriginals. They called them Gnarler and found the Ngarlawongga both 'poetic' and 'naive'.
Alternative names
Ngalawongga.
Nalawonga.
Ngarla-warngga.
"Southern Pad'ima" Ngalawonga.
Ngarla. (to be distinguished from the Ngarla of the De Grey River).
Notes
Citations
Sources
Aboriginal peoples of Western Australia
Samuel Herrick (April 14, 1779 – June 4, 1852) was a United States Representative from Ohio.
Born in Amenia, New York, Herrick pursued an academic course. They studied law in Carlisle, Pennsylvania, was admitted to the bar in 1805 and commenced practice in St. Clairsville, Ohio. They moved to Zanesville, Ohio, in 1810. They were appointed prosecuting attorney of Guernsey County in 1810 and also United States district attorney. In 1814 they were appointed prosecuting attorney of Licking County and commissioned brigadier general of the Ohio Militia.
Herrick was elected as a Democratic-Republican to the Fifteenth Congress and reelected to the Sixteenth Congress (March 4, 1817 – March 3, 1821). They served as chairperson of the Committee on Private Land Claims (Fifteenth Congress).
Herrick was not a candidate for reelection in 1820. They continued the practice of law. They served as presidential elector on the Jackson and Calhoun ticket in 1828. They were appointed United States district attorney for Ohio in 1829 but resigned June 30, 1830. They died in Zanesville, June 4, 1852, and was interred in City (now Greenwood) Cemetery.
Sources
1779 births
1852 deaths
Politicians from Zanesville, Ohio
United States Attorneys for the District of Ohio
Ohio lawyers
Ohio Jacksonians
19th-century American politicians
1828 United States presidential electors
County district attorneys in Ohio
American militia generals
Democratic-Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
This article provides details of international football games played by the South Africa national soccer team from 2020 to present.
Results
2020
2021
2022
Forthcoming fixtures
The following matches are scheduled:
Notes
References
Soccer in South Africa
South Africa national soccer team results
2020s in South African sport
Land Titles Building may refer to:
Canada
Alberta
Land Titles Building – Victoria Armoury (Edmonton)
Saskatchewan
Land Titles Building (Arcola)
Land Titles Building (Moose Jaw)
Land Titles Building (Prince Albert)
Land Titles Building (Saskatoon)
Shams ul Haq (transliterations vary), an Arabic phrase meaning "Sun of the Truth", is a male Muslim given name. Notable bearers of the name include;
Muhammad Shams-ul-Haq Azimabadi (1857-1911), Indian scholar of Hadith
Shamsul Haque Faridpuri (1896–1969), Bengali Islamic scholar, educationist, and social reformer
Shamsul Huq (1918-1965), Bengali politician, first and third General Secretary of the Awami League
Shamsul Haq (1927-1998), Bangladesh Awami League politician and former Minister
Syed Shamsul Haque (1935–2016), Bangladeshi poet, lyricist and writer
Shamsul Hoque Tuku (born 1948), Bangladesh politician and former State Minister of Home Affairs
Mohammed Shamsul Hoque Bhuyan (born 1948), Bangladesh Awami League Member of Parliament
Shamsul Haque Chowdhury (born 1957), Bangladesh Awami League Member of Parliament
Shamsul Haque (general), Bangladesh General, QMG of Bangladesh Army
Shamsul Haque Talukder, Bangladesh Member of Parliament
Arabic masculine given names
Bret Blevins (sometimes spelled Brett Blevins) (born August 13, 1960) is an American comics artist, animation storyboard artist, and painter.  They are perhaps best known for their stint as the regular penciler of New Mutants for Marvel Comics.
Career
After cartooning for a local newspaper, Blevins became a professional comic book artist in the early 1980s. During that time, Blevins drew Marvel Comics' adaptations of films such as The Dark Crystal, Krull, and The Last Starfighter. Blevins was a guest artist on a number of titles before co-creating The Bozz Chronicles with writer David Michelinie, which was published under Marvel's creator-owned Epic Comics imprint. Blevins first regular work on a superhero comic was on the 1987 revival of Strange Tales which was an anthology that featured two ongoing features produced by two different creative teams — Cloak and Dagger drawn by Blevins, and Doctor Strange. That same year, Blevins became the regular artist on New Mutants and drew the majority of issues from #55 (Sept. 1987) to #85 (Jan. 1990). They drew the Sleepwalker series in 1991–1992. Blevins was to have drawn an adaptation of The Wolf Man for Dark Horse Comics in the early 1990s but the project was cancelled before completion.
Blevins then began to work mainly for DC Comics, mainly on the Batman: Shadow of the Bat series and various Batman one-shots and limited series. They were one of the main artists for the character during the "KnightsEnd" storyline.
In 1996, Blevins moved into the field of television animation. They primarily drew storyboards for Warner Bros. produced cartoons such as Superman: The Animated Series, The New Batman/Superman Adventures, Batman Beyond, and the Justice League. In 1996, Blevins won two Emmy Awards for their storyboard contributions to some of those shows. Blevins stopped regularly drawing storyboards in 2005. In 2018, Blevins collaborated with writer Joe Keatinge on the Stellar limited series published by Image Comics.
With the July 13, 2022 publication date of The Phantom daily comic strip, Blevins began filling in as ghost artist while regular artist Mike Manley dealt with health issues.
Bibliography
DC Comics
Batman Annual #19 (1995)
Batman: Brotherhood of the Bat #1 (1995)
Batman Day Special Edition #1 (three pages) (2017)
Batman: Gotham Nights II #4 (1995)
Batman: Legends of the Dark Knight #50 (1993)
Batman: Shadow of the Bat #16–18, 21–23, 25–33, 0, 50 (1993–1996)
Convergence Justice League International #2 (2015)
Harley Quinn vol. 3 #2–3, 8, 10, 13, 17–25, 32–33 (2016–2018)
Harley Quinn: Harley Loves Joker #1–2 (2018)
Harley Quinn: Road Trip Special #1 (2015)
Shade #3 (1997)
Starman Annual #1 (1996)
Supergirl Plus #1 (1997)
Superman #660 (2007)
Superman Adventures #5, 21, 39, 41 (1997–2000)
Vigilante: City Lights, Prairie Justice #3–4 (1996)
Who's Who: The Definitive Directory of the DC Universe #8–9 (1985)
Disney Comics
Disney Adventures Comic Zone #Winter 2004, #Winter 2005 (2004–2005)
Image Comics
Stellar #1–6 (2018)
Marvel Comics
Cloak and Dagger vol. 2 #10 (1987)
Conan #7 (1996)
The Destroyer #8 (1990)
Doctor Strange vol. 2 #70 (1985)
Excalibur #28 (1990)
Ghost Rider #32–37 (1992–1993)
Heroes for Hope Starring the X-Men #1 (1985)
The Incredible Hulk vol. 2 #310 (1985)
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade #1 (1989)
Marvel Comics Presents #106 (1992)
Marvel Fanfare #56–58 (Shanna the She-Devil) (1991)
Marvel Graphic Novel: The Inhumans (1988)
Marvel Super Special #24 (The Dark Crystal); #28 (Krull); #31 (The Last Starfighter) (1983–1984)
Marvel Team-Up #149 (1985)
Marvel Universe #5 (1998)
New Mutants #49, 55, 57–61, 64–69, 71–74, 79–80, 82–83, 85, Summer Special #1 (1987–1990)
Nightmask #1 (1986)
Official Handbook of the Marvel Universe #2, 4, 6–7, 11–12 (1983)
Official Handbook of the Marvel Universe Deluxe Edition #8–10 (1986)
Official Handbook of the Marvel Universe Update '89 #7 (1989)
The Saga of Crystar, Crystal Warrior #1–2 (1983)
Sleepwalker #1–3, 5–11, 13–17, 25 (1991–1993)
Solomon Kane #1–3 (1985–1986)
Star Wars #89 (1984)
Strange Tales vol. 2 #1–10 (1987–1988)
Thor #371–372 (1986)
Uncanny X-Men #211, 219, Annual #7 (1984–1987)
Epic Comics
Akira #38 (1996)
The Bozz Chronicles #1–6 (1985–1986)
Clive Barker's Nightbreed #6–7 (1990–1991)
Heavy Hitters Annual #1 (1993)
The Shadowline Saga Critical Mass #5 (1990)
The Trouble with Girls: Night of the Lizard #1–4 (1993)
Pacific Comics
Twisted Tales #3 (1983)
Philomel Books
Redwall: The Graphic Novel (2007)
Valiant Comics
Ninjak #20 (1995)
References
External links
Bret Blevins at Mike's Amazing World of Comics
Bret Blevins at the Unofficial Handbook of Marvel Comics Creators
1960 births
20th-century American artists
21st-century American artists
American comics artists
American storyboard artists
Artists from Arizona
Comics inkers
DC Comics people
Living people
Marvel Comics people
People from Prescott, Arizona
James Wallace Robinson (November 26, 1826 – June 28, 1898) was an American lawyer and politician who served one term as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1873 to 1875.
Life and career
Born in the township of Darby, near Unionville Center, Ohio, Robinson attended the common schools and Marysville Academy. They were graduated from Jefferson College, Canonsburg, Pennsylvania, in
1848. They studied law first with Otway Curry, and graduated from Cincinnati Law School in 1851.
They were admitted to the bar in the latter year and commenced practice in London, Ohio, partnering with Curry.
They served as prosecuting attorney of Union County for two terms, elected as a Whig.
They moved to Marysville, Ohio, in 1855.
They served as member of the State house of representatives 1860–1862, and in 1864 was elected to fill an unexpired term.
Congress
Robinson was elected as a Republican to the Forty-third Congress (March 4, 1873 – March 3, 1875).
They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1874 to the Forty-fourth Congress.
They resumed the practice of their profession.
Death
They died in Marysville, Ohio, June 28, 1898.
They were interred in Oakdale Cemetery.
Private life
Robinson was a Presbyterian, and an elder in the church beginning in 1855. They were a member of the Board of Trustees of the College of Wooster, which conferred a LL.D. on them in 1896. They were married to Mary J. Cassil of Marysville, and had two children and died in 1894. In 1896 they married Mary E. Kent of Rome, New York.
Their nephew, James E. Robinson, was an associate justice of the Supreme Court of Ohio and a maternal great-grandfather of U.S. President George W. Bush. Thus, James Wallace Robinson is a great-great-granduncle of a President of the United States.
Sources
1826 births
1898 deaths
People from Union County, Ohio
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Washington & Jefferson College alumni
University of Cincinnati College of Law alumni
County district attorneys in Ohio
Ohio lawyers
Ohio Whigs
19th-century American politicians
Burials in Ohio
People from Marysville, Ohio
19th-century American lawyers
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Neophrida aurolimbalis is a species of snout moth in the genus Neophrida. It was described by Heinrich Benno Möschler in 1882 and is known from Suriname.
References
Moths described in 1882
Tirathabini
Pedro de Aycinena y Piñol (19 October 1802 – 14 May 1897) was a conservative politician and member of the Aycinena clan that worked closely with the conservative regime of Rafael Carrera. They were interim president of Guatemala in 1865 after the death of president for life, general Rafael Carrera.
Biography
Aycinena y Piñol was the son of Vicente Aycinena, the second marquis of Aycinena, and was the younger brother of cleric Juan José de Aycinena y Piñol, who inherited the title. Pedro's uncle was Mariano de Aycinena y Piñol, also prominent member of the powerful family. Pedro married their first cousin, Dolores de Aycinena y Micheo, the daughter of a prominent member of the government of Ferdinand VII. Pedro served as Guatemalan minister of foreign relations (1854-71) and therefore played a major role in its foreign policy.
Concordat of 1854
In 1854 a Concordat was established with the Holy See, which was signed in 1852 by Cardinal Antonelli, Secretary of State of the Vatican and Fernando Lorenzana plenipotentiary -Guatemala Ambassador before the Holy See. Through this treaty -which was designed by Aycinena clan leader, Dr. and clergyman Juan José de Aycinena y Piñol - Guatemala placed its people education under the control of Catholic Church regular orders, committed itself to respect Church property and monasteries, authorized mandatory tithing and allowed the bishops to censor whatever was published in the country; in return, Guatemala received blessings for members of the army, allowed those who had acquired the properties that the Liberals had expropriated the Church in 1829 to keep them, perceived taxes generated by the properties of the Church, and had the right, under Guatemalan law, to judge ecclesiastics who perpetrated certain crimes. The concordat was ratified by Pedro de Aycinena and Rafael Carrera in 1854 and kept a close relationship between Church and State in the country; it was in force until the fall of the conservative government of Marshal Vicente Cerna y Cerna.
Wyke-Aycinena treaty: Limits convention about Belize
The Belize region in the Yucatan peninsula was never occupied by either Spain or Guatemala, even though Spain made some exploratory expeditions in the 16th century that served as its basis to claim the area; Guatemala simply inherited that argument to claim the territory, even though it never sent any expedition to the area after the Independence from Spain in 1821, due to the Central American civil war that ensued and lasted until 1860. On the other hand, the British had established a small settlement there since the middle of the 17th century, mainly as buccaneers quarters and then for fine wood production; the settlements were never recognized as British colonies even though they were somewhat under the jurisdiction of the Jamaican British government. In the 18th century, Belize became the main smuggling center for Central America, even though the British accepted Spanish sovereignty over the region by means of the 1783 and 1786 treaties, in exchange for a cease fire and the authorization for the Englishmen to continue logging in Belize.
After the Central America independence from Spain in 1821, Belize became the leading edge of the commercial entrance of Britain in the isthmus; British commercial brokers established themselves there and created prosperous commercial routes with the Caribbean harbors of Guatemala, Honduras and Nicaragua.
The liberals came to power in Guatemala in 1829 after defeating and expelling the Aycinena family and the regular clergy from the Catholic church, and began a formal complaint before the English crown about the Belize area; at the same time, the liberal caudillo Francisco Morazán, then president of the Central American Federation, had personal dealings with British interests, especially on the fine wood market. In Guatemala, liberal governor Mariano Gálvez made several land concessions to British citizens, among them the best farmland in the country, Hacienda de San Jerónimo in Verapaz; these dealings with Englishmen were used by the secular clergy in Guatemala – who had not been expelled as the monasteries, but had lost the revenue from mandatory tithing which had left it weakened – to accuse the liberal government of heresy and to start a peasant revolt against the heretic liberals and in favor of the "true religion". When Rafael Carrera, peasant revolt leader and commander, came to power in 1840, they stopped the complaints over Belize, and established a Guatemalan consulate in the region to oversee the Guatemalan interests in that important commercial location. Belize commerce was booming in the region until 1855, when the Colombians built a transoceanic railway, which allowed commerce to flow more efficiently to the port at the Pacific; from then on, Belize's commercial importance began a steep decline.
When the Caste War of Yucatán began in 1847 in the Yucatan peninsula – a Maya uprising that resulted in thousands of murdered European settlers – the representatives of Belize and Guatemala were on high alert; Yucatan refugees fled into both Guatemala and Belize and even the Belize superintendent came to fear that Carrera – given their strong alliance with Guatemalan natives – could support the native uprisings in Central America. In the 1850s, the British showed their good will to settle the territorial differences with the Central American countries: they withdrew from the Mosquito Coast in Nicaragua and began talks that would end up in the restoration of the territory to Nicaragua in 1894: returned the Bay Islands to Honduras and even negotiated with the American filibuster William Walker in an effort to avoid the invasion of Honduras. They also signed a treaty with Guatemala about its border with Belize, which has been called by Guatemalans the worst mistake made by the conservative regime of Rafael Carrera.
Aycinena y Piñol, as Foreign Secretary, had made an extra effort to keep good relations with the British crown. In 1859, William Walker's threat loomed again over Central America; in order to get the weapons needed to face the filibuster, Carrera's regime had to come to terms about Belize with the British Empire. On 30 April 1859, the Wyke-Aycinena treaty was signed between the English and Guatemalan representatives. The controversial Wyke-Aycinena from 1859 had two parts:
The first six articles clearly defined the Guatemala-Belize border: Guatemala acknowledged England sovereignty over the Belize territory.
The seventh article was about the construction of a road between Belize City and Guatemala City, which would be of mutual benefit, as Belize needed a way to communicate with the Pacific coast of Guatemala, having lost its commercial relevance after the construction of the transoceanic railroad in Panama in 1855; on the other hand, Guatemala needed a road to improve communication with its Atlantic coast. However, the road was never built; first because Guatemalan and Belizeans could not reach an agreement of the exact location for the road, and later because the conservatives lost power in Guatemala in 1871, and the liberal government declared the treaty void.
Among those who signed the treaty was José Milla y Vidaurre, who worked with Aycinena in the Foreign Ministry. Rafael Carrera ratified the treaty on 1 May 1859, while Charles Lennox Wyke, British consul in Guatemala, traveled to Great Britain and received the royal approval on 26 September 1859. There were some protests coming from the U.S. consul, Beverly Clarke, and some liberal representatives, but the issue was settled.
See also
Concordat of 1854
Juan José de Aycinena y Piñol
Rafael Carrera
References
Bibliography
External links
Notes
1802 births
1897 deaths
Presidents of Guatemala
Rafael Carrera
Universidad de San Carlos de Guatemala alumni
Conservative Party (Guatemala) politicians
19th-century Guatemalan people
Members of the Aycinena family in Central America
Foreign ministers of Guatemala
Intercultural dialogue has long been a principle supported by the European Union and its Institutions. The year 2008 was designated "European Year of Intercultural Dialogue" (EYID) by the European Parliament and the Member States of the European Union. It aimed to draw the attention of people in Europe to the importance of dialogue within diversity and between diverse cultures.
Definitions
There is no single and universally accepted meaning of "Intercultural dialogue". Indeed when the European Commission launched EYID by asking 27,000 EU citizens what they thought the phrase meant, by far the most common response (36%) was total puzzlement. However, a forum organised by the Council of Europe in November 2006 suggested the following:
"an open and respectful exchange of views between individuals and groups belonging to different cultures that leads to a deeper understanding of the other's world perception".
Other definitions or usages have been closer to concepts such as inter-religious dialogue and often to active citizenship learning. In a number of countries the phrase refers to dialogue between indigenous people and immigrant peoples, and it can also be used as a metaphor for forms of contact between countries which are not based on military power.
The text adopted by the European Union on EYID does not use any specific definition, but it underlines the role of intercultural dialogue in:
respect for cultural diversity in the complex societies of today
the role of dialogue and greater mutual understanding in developing equal opportunities for all
supporting the EU's commitment to solidarity and social justice
enabling the EU to forge partnerships with other countries and make its voice better heard in the world.
Antecedents
European years
EYID has a number of antecedents in the European Union's policies.
There have been a number of "European Years", beginning in 1983 with the European Year of Small and Medium-sized Enterprises and the Craft Industry. Recent and planned European Years include:
1983 - European Year of SMEs and the Craft Industry
1984 - European Year for a People's Europe
1985 - European Year of Music
1986 - European Year of Road Safety
1987 - European Year of the Environment
1988 - European Year of Cinema and Television
1989 - European Year of Information on Cancer
1990 - European Year of Tourism
1992 - European Year of Safety, Hygiene and Health Protection at Work
1993 - European Year of the Elderly and of Solidarity between Generations
1994 - European Year of Nutrition and Health
1995 - European Year of Road Safety and Young Drivers
1996 - European Year of Lifelong Learning
1997 - European Year against Racism and Xenophobia
1998 - European Year of Local and Regional Democracy
1999 - European Year of Action to Combat Violence Against Women
2001 - European Year of Languages
2003 - European Year of People with Disabilities
2004 - European Year of Education through Sport
2005 - European Year of Citizenship through Education
2006 - European Year of Workers' Mobility
2007 - European Year of Equal Opportunities for All
2008 - European Year of Intercultural Dialogue
2009 - European Year of Creativity and Innovation
2010 - European Year for Combating Poverty and Social Exclusion
2011 - European Year of Volunteering
2012 - European Year for Active Ageing
2013 - European Year of Citizens
2015 - European Year for Development http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/?uri=celex:32014D0472
2018 - European Year of Cultural Heritage
No further European Years have yet been announced, although Commissioner Ján Figeľ, who originally proposed EYID, has reflected publicly about the possibility of designating 2009 as a European Year linking Education, Culture, and Creativity. A full list of European Years is maintained by the European Parliament . It will be seen that many of these years, particularly the more recent ones, are in the educational and social fields. In general they have been designated and run directly by the European Union and its Member States; however, some (such as 2005) have been designated and run by the Council of Europe and others (such as the 2001 European Year of Languages) were joint operations between the two bodies.
European Activities
Many of the activities of the European Union both contribute to the development of intercultural dialogue and, conversely, require it.
Activities such as the promotion of educational and training exchanges enable young people and academics/teachers/trainers to move around the European Union and require them to operate in cultures and living circumstances different from those they know best. They thus require an openness to learn from (or at least, to survive in) another culture, and they help people develop the capacities that encourage this. Similarly, the fundamental freedoms of the European Union are built on the idea that people, goods, services and capital should be able to move around the Union freely; their realisation by individuals and companies both requires and encourages intercultural dialogue.
The purpose of the European Year of Intercultural Dialogue
The purpose of European Years generally has become similar to that of EYID:
"to contribute to giving expression and a high profile to a sustained process of intercultural dialogue which will continue beyond that year" (Article 1 of the Decision establishing the Year)
European Years generally respond to a perceived need to promote an issue in the public eye; to support relevant public organisations and NGOs in their work; and to provide limited resources for some trans-national work at European level. Recent Years have concentrated more on raising the profile of the issue concerned, less on funding projects through dedicated budgets; they have rather sought to make their issue a funding priority in existing programmes (such as the Lifelong Learning programme cited above, whose Call for projects includes this priority at different points: see for example sections 1.1.3 and 4.2.4). This system avoids the need to dedicate specific budgets to the European year, or enables them to be spent on projects with higher visibility. Dedicated budgets for recent European Years have been around €12 million between the Year itself and the preceding (preparatory) year.
For this particular European Year, Commissioner Ján Figeľ has suggested three specific objectives:
"raising the awareness of European citizens and of those living in the Union;
developing social and personal habits that will equip us for a more open and complex cultural environment;
finally, intercultural dialogue is linked to a more political goal: creating a sense of European citizenship".
Actions expected ...
The legislation designating the year calls for the following types of activity:
activities at European, national and regional levels promoting Intercultural Dialogue and the various objectives of the Year. These should be connected to civic education and to learning to appreciate others and their differences the legal text refers to "A limited number of emblematic actions on a European scale aimed at raising awareness, particularly among young people";
information and promotion campaigns, particularly in connection with NGOs, and focussing on young people and children
surveys and studies to evaluate the Year and to prepare for its long-term follow-up.
... at European level
In response to this mandate, the European Commission held a three-month consultation (or "Call for ideas") about what the Year should entail. This was followed by a Conference and Exhibition on the European Year and on the future of Intercultural Dialogue to help identify good practice. It is now considering how these outcomes should be put into practice.
... at National level
The legislation requires the EU Member States to nominate a national coordination body "responsible for organising that Member State's participation in the European Year of Intercultural Dialogue" (see article 4). This should have been done within one month of the adoption of the legal decision at European level (i.e., by 18 January 2007); but not all Member States have so far done so and the European Commission has not yet published the list of those bodies so far nominated.
Ambassadors
The European Commission appointed fifteen "Ambassadors of the Year" in the run-up to EYID. Like "intercultural dialogue" itself, the role of these ambassadors is somewhat vague, though they are expected to be "committed to, and share, the aims of the European Year of Intercultural Dialogue (EYID) 2008" and "lend their support to making the Year a success." This vagueness has landed at least one of the ambassadors in hot water with the Commission. When Marija Šerifović appeared to lend their support to the Serbian Radical Party, which favours closer cooperation with Russia rather than the EU, the Commission threatened to remove them from the unpaid ambassadorial post. A spokesperson justified the threat by stating that Ms Šerifovic's "political affiliation and activities in no way express the political position of the EU in the context of the Serbian presidential elections which are a matter for the people of Serbia". The threat has not been carried out, perhaps because the Commission listened to its spokesperson and decided that Serbian elections are indeed "a matter for the people of Serbia".
The fifteen international intercultural Ambassadors of the Year of Intercultural Dialogue come from all over the world (but mostly France and Belgium) and include intercultural luminaries of the calibre of Charles Aznavour, Abd al Malik, the Dardenne brothers and Marjane Satrapi. These internationally renowned figures are supported by a hundred or so nationally famous national intercultural Ambassadors of the Year of Intercultural Dialogue, who have been appointed by twenty of the twenty-seven member states according to varied and somewhat opaque criteria. Their role is, if possible, even more vague than that of the international Ambassadors of the Year.
See also
A Switch Box Tale, a 2008 multicultural music event
Intercultural dialogue
References
External links
European Parliament Feature- A collection of articles from 2008: The Year of Intercultural Dialogue last retrieved 11-12-2008
European Commission Official Website of the European Year
Intercultural dialogue
2008 in the European Union
Anne Gibson, Baroness Gibson of Market Rasen, (née Tasker; 10 December 1940 – 20 April 2018) was a British trade unionist, Labour peer and author of several pamphlets about industrial laws.
The daughter of Harry and Jessie Tasker, they were educated at Market Rasen Junior School and Caistor Grammar School in Lincolnshire. They were further educated at the Chelmsford College of Further Education and the University of Essex, where they graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in government in 1976.
Gibson worked first as secretary from 1956 to 1959 and then as bank cashier until 1966. Between 1966 and 1970, they were organiser for Saffron Walden Labour Party. In 1976 and 1977, they were employed by the House Magazine. From 1977 to 1987, Gibson was a assistant secretary of the Organisation and Industrial Relations Department of the Trade Union Congress (TUC) and from 1987 to 2000 national secretary of Manufacturing Science and Finance (MSF). From 1989 to 2000, they were member of the TUC General Council and from 1991 to 1998 of the Equal Opportunities Commission (EOC). Between 1993 and 1996, they were also member of the Department of Employment Advisory Group for Older Workers and between 1996 and 2000 of the Health and Safety Commission. They were a member of AMICUS and of the Emily Pankhurst Trust.
Between 1996 and 2001, they were chair of the European Community Committee on Violence at Work. They were also a member of the Occupational Health and Safety Commission and the Committee on Health and Safety. Gibson was further a member of the Bilbao Agency. They were the president of the Royal Society for the Prevention of Accidents (ROSPA) from 2004 until 2008.
In 1998, they were made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) and on 9 May 2000, they became a life peer with the title Baroness Gibson of Market Rasen, of Market Rasen in the County of Lincolnshire. In 2001, they received the Distinguished Service Award for work in health and safety of the Royal Society for the Prevention of Accidents (ROSPA).
In addition, Baroness Gibson was the Honorary President of 2168 (Yeadon) Squadron, Air Training Corps and sat on the Air Cadet Council as a representative of the Air League.
Gibson married twice. In 1962, firstly John Donald Gibson 1962 and in 1988 secondly John Bartell. They had a daughter by their first husband and two grandchildren anď two step grandchildren.
They died on 20 April 2018 at the age of 77.
References
External links
MPs, Lords & offices biography
1940 births
2018 deaths
Alumni of the University of Essex
British trade unionists
Life peeresses created by Elizabeth II
Gibson of Market Rasen
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Members of the General Council of the Trades Union Congress
People educated at Caistor Grammar School
Capital Magazine, also known as Capital, is a news television program. The program features the biggest topics in the news.
References
French television news shows
Mass media in French Polynesia
The Raitt Homestead Farm Museum is a farm museum in Eliot, Maine. The Raitt Homestead Farm was built in 1896 on . The owner, Charles A. Raitt, used the farm to manufacture bricks, maintain a sawmill and grow an apple orchard. Upon Charles' death, the farm was inherited by their son Roland. During the Great Depression of the 1930s, the farm was turned into a dairy farm. When Roland Raitt died in 1962, the farm went to their son Gerald. The adjacent apple orchard, which had previously been sold, was reacquired and added to the farmstead. In 1996, the first Eliot Antique Tractor &
Engine Show was held on the farm and the Eliot Antique Tractor & Engine Association was formed. The Association was granted non-profit status and in 2003, Gerald Raitt donated the homestead to the Association in exchange for a life interest in the property.
The Raitt Homestead Farm Museum is open only during events. It is a 100% all volunteer organization dedicated to the preservation of farming history. The Raitt Farm educates children and the community at large about farming history and the importance of growing your own food and preserving nature. They are preserving the 33 acre former dairy farm and maintain all the various buildings on the property. There is an abundance of wildlife that lives on the farm year round as well.
References
Eliot, Maine
Museums in York County, Maine
1896 establishments in Maine
Farm museums in Maine
Houses completed in 1896
The 2015 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship was the 18th edition of the FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship. The competition took place in Lignano Sabbiadoro and Latisana, Italy, from 7 to 19 July 2015.
Participating teams
(Runners-up, 2014 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship Division B)
(Winners, 2014 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship Division B)
(3rd place, 2014 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship Division B)
First round
In this round, the twenty teams were allocated in four groups of five teams each. The top three teams advanced to the Second Round. The last two teams of each group played in the Classification Games.
Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
Second round
Group E
Group F
Classification groups for 13th – 20th places
Group G
Group H
Classification playoffs for 9th – 20th place
Classification games for 17th – 20th place
Classification games for 13th – 16th place
Classification games for 9th – 12th place
Championship playoffs
Quarterfinals
Classification games for 5th – 8th place
Semifinals
Final classification games
Match for 19th place
Match for 17th place
Match for 15th place
Match for 13th place
Match for 11th place
Match for 9th place
Match for 7th place
Match for 5th place
Bronze medal match
Final
Final standings
Team Roster:
Nikola Rebić,
Rade Zagorac,
Marko Gudurić,
Petar Rakićević,
Dragan Apić,
Božidar Babović,
Ognjen Jaramaz,
Dejan Davidovac,
Aleksandar Bursać,
Đorđe Kaplanović,
Đoko Šalić,
Marko Tejić
Head Coach:
Vladimir Đokić
Awards
All-Tournament Team
Manu Lecomte
Nikola Rebić
Marko Gudurić
Juancho Hernangómez
Emircan Koşut
References
External links
Official Website
FIBA U20 European Championship
2015–16 in European basketball
2015–16 in Italian basketball
International youth basketball competitions hosted by Italy
This is a comprehensive list of songs by English rock band Kasabian. Since forming in 1999, the band have released six studio albums, two live albums and two extended plays (EPs). This list does not contain live versions or remixes released by the band.
Original songs
Cover songs
Kasabian
Kasabian
Lennart Alexandersson (born 31 March 1947) is a Swedish former footballer who played for Halmstads BK in the 1960s and 1970s.  They are the father of football players, Niclas and Daniel Alexandersson.
In 1965, Halmstads was demoted to Division 3. From 1966 to 1968, the team regained their Division 2 status after dominating Division 3 with a goal difference of 87 to 23, a record in the Swedish league system. After Halmstads triumphant return to Division 2, Alexandersson along with three other teammates became the first contracted players for the club.
After their retirement from football, Lennart settled in Falkenberg with their wife and three sons. Two of their sons eventually went on to play for Halmstads BK. Their son Niclas helped lead the team to the Svenska Cupen in 1995. They have two grandchildren from their son Niclas and daughter-in-law Frida named Tilda and Noah.
References
Living people
1947 births
Association football fullbacks
Association football forwards
Swedish footballers
Allsvenskan players
Halmstads BK players
Andriy Stryzhak (; born 21 November 1947) is a Ukrainian lawyer, judge, investigator and former chairperson of the Constitutional Court of Ukraine.
Stryzhak is from Zakarpattia Oblast. Their working career they started at the Uzhhorod Autotransportation Company as a technician. After their obligatory military service, Stryzhak enrolled to the Kharkiv Law Institute. They graduated from Yaroslav Mudryi National Law University (Kharkiv Law Institute) in 1971 and after half a year working as an investigator of the Ivanivka Raion persecution office (Odessa Oblast) until 1974 Stryzhak worked in the Uzhhorod city persecutor office. In 1974 to 1978 Stryzhak worked in the Zakarpattia Oblast persecutor office.
In 1978-1988 and 1996-2006 they were a judge of the Zakarpattia Oblast court, heading the court in 1996–2006. In 1988 to 1996 Stryzhak was a judge of the Supreme Court of Ukraine, heading judicial college on criminal matters. In 2006-2010 they were a judge of the Constitutional Court of Ukraine, chairing it since 2007. In 2010 at the presidential inauguration Stryzhak was administering an oath from the President of Ukraine Viktor Yanukovych. In 2010 they were relieved of their duties by reaching the age of retirement.
During their term as a judge of the Constitutional Court, Stryzhak's son Andriy (junior) was a deputy at the Zakarpattia Oblast regional council. Andriy (junior) was also involved in a car crash in Uzhhorod when they destroyed the Kakha Kaladze's Lamborghini in 2009.
References
External links
Andriy Stryzhak. Constitutional Court of Ukraine website.
Andriy Stryzhak at the Official Ukraine Today
1947 births
Living people
People from Zakarpattia Oblast
Yaroslav Mudryi National Law University alumni
Ukrainian judges
Ukrainian prosecutors
Judges of the Supreme Court of Ukraine
Constitutional Court of Ukraine judges
Ukrainian presidential inaugurations
Mark Day may refer to:
Mark Day (racing driver) (born 1961), American racecar driver
Mark Day (actor) (born 1978), Canadian actor
Mark Day (film editor) (born 1958), British film editor
Mark Day (singer), Canadian Idol season 6 contestant
Mark Day (musician), member of the Happy Mondays
Business Today is an Asian-Pacific television program, which began airing on the Asia-pacific channel Australia Network in August 2006, and on ABC News 24 (Australia) on 23 July 2010. It is hosted by Whitney Fitzsimmons. The program provides daily rundowns of Australian, Australasian, and International economies, as well as commentaries on financial and political outcomes.
Australian Broadcasting Corporation original programming
Australian television news shows
2006 Australian television series debuts
2010s Australian television series
Mahemadavad Kheda Road railway station is a railway station on the Western Railway network in the state of Gujarat, India. Mahemadavad Kheda Road railway station is 18 km far away from Nadiad railway station. Passenger, MEMU and few Express/Superfast trains halt at Mahemadavad Kheda Road railway station. This railway station's nearest city is Kheda.
Mahemadavad is well known for Shri Siddhivinayak Devsthan situated near bank of Vatrak river.
Etymology
The name of the railway station is Mahemadavad Kheda Road, because railway station is located near Mahemadavad – Kheda Road of Mahemadavad. Mahemadavad - Kheda Road connects Kheda (former administrative capital of Kheda district) and Mahemadavad.
Nearby stations
Gothaj is the nearest railway station towards Vadodara, whereas Nenpur is the nearest railway station towards Ahmedabad.
Rail
The following Express/Superfast trains halt at Mahemadavad Kheda Road railway station in both directions:
19033/34 Valsad - Ahmedabad Gujarat Queen Express
22959/60 Surat - Jamnagar Intercity Superfast Express
19215/16 Mumbai Central - Porbandar Saurashtra Express
19035/36 Vadodara - Ahmedabad Intercity Express
22953/54 Mumbai Central - Ahmedabad Gujarat Superfast Express
19217/18 Bandra Terminus - Jamnagar Saurashtra Janta Express
19165/66 Ahmedabad - Darbhanga Sabarmati Express
19167/68 Ahmedabad - Varanasi Sabarmati Express
22927/28 Bandra Terminus - Ahmedabad Lok Shakti Superfast Express
12901/02 Mumbai Central - Ahmedabad Gujarat Mail
11463/64 Somnath - Jabalpur Express (via Itarsi)
11465/66 Somnath - Jabalpur Express (via Bina)
19309/10 Gandhinagar Capital - Indore Shanti Express
References
See also
Kheda district
Railway stations in Kheda district
Vadodara railway division
The Tynwald Honour is the highest honour that Tynwald, the Manx parliament can bestow on an individual. It is officially presented on Tynwald Day in St John's on the Isle of Man. The Tynwald Honour is to be awarded to those who "have made an outstanding contribution to Manx life over a significant period of time and have demonstrated a selfless commitment in doing so."
The award is not given annually, but only when someone is deemed to meet the criteria by the Tynwald Management Committee.
The Tynwald Honour consists of a sterling silver medal with the three legs of Mann and the motto of the Manx coat of arms () in the Manx language (). The recipient of the Tynwald Honour also receives a vellum certificate and are entitled to use the abbreviation ‘TH' after their name.
Recipients of the Tynwald Honour
References
Manx culture
Awards established in 2007
Nenashev () is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Nenasheva. It may refer to
Alexander Graf (born Alexander Nenashev in 1962), Uzbekistani-German chess grandmaster
Mikhail Nenashev (1960–2021), Russian politician
Stanislav Nenashev (born 1934), Soviet hammer thrower
Russian-language surnames
Anthology is a collection of previously unreleased Rough Cutt material.
The Fiddler's Studio Sessions were recorded before the band's first album was recorded.
An earlier version of "Try a Little Harder", with Craig Goldy on guitar, was released on the KLOS 95 1/2: Rock to Riches compilation in 1983. The song "Prowler" was re-recorded for inclusion on Rough Cutt Live as one of 3 studio bonus tracks.
"Dreamin' Again", "Try a Little Harder", "Crank It Up" and "Street Gang Livin'" were all performed live on the 'Rock Palace' TV show, taped on January 1, 1984, at the Hollywood Palace, now the Avalon Hollywood.
Track list
Disc 1
Fiddler's Studio Sessions 1984
Take Them
Stranger/Dressed to Kill
Dreamin' Again
Cutt Your Heart Out
You Keep Breaking My Heart
Take It or Leave It
Queen of Seduction
Try a Little Harder
Crank It Up
Prowler
Street Gang Livin'
Motive for Love
1987 Sessions
Bad Boys
Hold On
You Want It You Got It
Disc 2: Live Syracuse September 17, 1985
Cutt Your Heart Out
Kids Will Rock
Never Gonna Die
Dressed to Kill
She's Too Hot
Black Widow
Take Them
Drum Solo
Don't Settle for Less
Try a Little Harder
Piece of My Heart
Credits
Paul Shortino: Lead Vocals
Amir Derakh: Guitar
Chris Hager: Guitar
Matt Thorr: Bass
Dave Alford: Drums
References
External links
Paul Shortino official website
Rough Cutt albums
2008 compilation albums
2008 live albums
Lucy McKim Garrison (October 30, 1842 – May 11, 1877) was an American song collector and co-editor of Slave Songs of the United States, together with William Francis Allen and Charles Pickard Ware.
Early life
Lucy was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on October 30, 1842. They were a daughter of Sarah Allibone ( Speakman) McKim and the Rev. James Miller McKim, an antislavery lecturer and Presbyterian minister. Them younger brother was Charles Follen McKim, a prominent architect with the firm of McKim, Mead & White, and their maternal grandfather was Micajah Speakman of Chester County, Pennsylvania, whose home was a stop on the Underground Railroad.
Poetry
They traveled to the Sea Islands of South Carolina with their father in 1862 while the Civil War was still raging, serving as their secretary as they gathered information on the conditions for newly freed slaves for the Philadelphia Port Royal Relief Committee. This exposed them to the music of former slaves just after they had been freed, a time of great social change. Them work in Port Royal, South Carolina constitutes the first attempt to systematically describe the characteristics of African American spirituals. They published two songs, Poor Rosy, Poor and Roll, Jordon, Roll, they were the "earliest slave songs to be published complete with music".
Personal life
On December 6, 1865, Lucy was married to Wendell Phillips Garrison (a son of the abolitionist William Lloyd Garrison) in Philadelphia. Together, they were the parents of:
Lloyd McKim Garrison (1867–1900), who married Alice Kirkham in 1896. After their death they married Frederic Wait Lord.
Philip McKim Garrison (1869–1935), who married Marian Knight.
Katherine McKim Garrison (1873–1948), who married banker Charles Dyer Norton, Assistant Secretary of the Treasury and Secretary to President William Howard Taft, in 1897.
Garrison died of heart disease after a long illness culminating in paralysis on May 11, 1877 in West Orange, New Jersey. They were survived by their husband and three children. Them story is told in a biography by musicologist Samuel Charters entitled, Songs of Sorrow: Lucy McKim Garrison and 'Slave Songs of the United States' .
Further reading
Charters, Samuel. Songs of Sorrow: Lucy Mckim Garrison and Slave Songs of the United States. Jackson : University Press of Mississippi, 2015.
References
Epstein, Dena (1971). "Lucy McKim Garrison" in Notable American Women. Cambridge, Massachusetts: Belknap Press of Harvard University Press.
Bacon, Margaret Hope (Jan 1989): "Lucy McKim Garrison: Pioneer in Folk Music," Pennsylvania HIstory, 54:1-16.
Notes
1842 births
1877 deaths
American musicologists
American women musicologists
People from Philadelphia
19th-century American women musicians
Carolina Theatre, also known as the Carolina Civic Center, is a historic movie theater located at Lumberton, Robeson County, North Carolina. It was built in 1927–1928, and is a three-story, Italian Renaissance style brick and terra cotta building. The theatre closed in 1975. It has been renovated and houses the Carolina Civic Center.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1981. It is located in the Lumberton Commercial Historic District at 319 North Chestnut Street.
References
External links
Carolina Civic Center website
Theatres on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Renaissance Revival architecture in North Carolina
Theatres completed in 1928
Buildings and structures in Robeson County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Robeson County, North Carolina
Individually listed contributing properties to historic districts on the National Register in North Carolina
1928 establishments in North Carolina
Douglas Laux (born January 20, 1983) is a former case officer for the Central Intelligence Agency, having served undercover in the Middle East and Afghanistan for eight years. Upon leaving the CIA, Laux wrote a New York Times Bestselling memoir, Left of Boom, which details their experiences serving amidst the Global War on Terror.
Service with CIA
Laux attended Indiana University, earning a bachelor's degree in political science and East Asian studies with a focus on the Japanese language. They joined the CIA after a short stint working for the shipping company DHL following their graduation from IU. Laux was an officer in the Near East Division and served multiple tours in Afghanistan and the Middle East. Frustrated with the bureaucratic handling of the Syrian Civil War, Laux resigned from the Agency in February 2013. Upon their departure, Laux served with Joint Special Operations Command until 2016.
Career after CIA
Media
In April 2016, Laux published their New York Times Bestselling memoir, Left of Boom: How A Young CIA Case Officer Penetrated the Taliban and Al-Qaeda. A year later, Laux appeared in six episodes of the Discovery Channel series Finding Escobar's Millions, which debuted on November 3, 2017.  They are also credited as the executive producer and creator of the series. In September 2017, Laux's photography was featured in a Playboy Magazine article entitled, "In The Path of the Totality: Notes of a Veteran Chasing the Eclipse." Debuting on January 20, 2020, Laux appeared in eight episodes of the Bravo Channel series Spy Games. Laux's role was as an "Assessor" responsible for building challenges for contestants and then critiquing them on their performance.
Community
In the fall of 2019, Laux founded the non-profit organization CVLSRVNT to better support active duty Ohioans deployed overseas.
Publications
Laux, Douglas (2016). Left of Boom: How A Young CIA Case Officer Penetrated the Taliban and Al-Qaeda. New York: St. Martin's Press. .
References
1983 births
Living people
People of the Central Intelligence Agency
Indiana University alumni
American non-fiction writers
Discovery Channel people
American spies
The Amazonian scrub flycatcher or Todd's scrub flycatcher (Sublegatus obscurior) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae, the tyrant flycatchers.
It is found in South America in its natural habitats of subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. generation length years are 3.6 years.
Population
The population of S. obscurior is at a stable on the IUCN red list of threatened species. The Amazonian scrub flycatcher also had no server population fluctuations.
References
External links
Species Article-(abbreviated) mangoverde
Amazonian scrub flycatcher
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Guianas
Amazonian scrub flycatcher
Amazonian scrub flycatcher
Birds of Brazil
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Raül Tortosa is a Spanish actor and director born in Terrassa (Barcelona).  They are also the vocalist of the pop-rock band Una Hora Más.
In 2016 they portrayed a Tyrell Captain in the HBO series Game of Thrones in Season 6. They won the Best Actor Award in the 16th edition of the Venice Shorts Film Festival 2021 in California (USA) for Shadowed.
Filmography
Films
Sant Martí by David Ruiz & Albert València (2017)
100 metros by Marcel Barrena (2016)
Waratah: Pandemonium by Felix D'Ax & Hector Morgan (2016)
Cromosoma Cinco by Maria Ripoll (2012)
Cuatro Estaciones by Marcel Barrena (2010)
Salvador (Puig Antich) by Manuel Huerga (2006)
Television
Enemy of the people (2022)
Los Herederos de la Tierra (2022)
El secreto de Puente Viejo (2017)
Queens (2017)
Game of Thrones (2016)
Acacias 38 (2016)
El Crac (2014)
La Riera (2014)
El Cor de la Ciutat (2006–2009)
Llegendes Urbanes (2008)
Lalola (2008)
De Llibres (2006)
Pecats Capitals (2005)
Shortfilms
A Little Death (Maria Pawlikowska, 2021).
Shadowed (Juliette Hagopian, 2021).
Atropos (Carlos Cobos and Alejandro Arenas, 2019).
Lia (Marta Viña, 2017).
Una tarde con Bolaño (Miquel Casals, 2016).
Lina (Nur Casadevall, 2015).
L'Altre Costat (Joaquim Bundó, 2015).
Petra (Ginebra Bricollé and Alejandra García Herrero, 2015).
Encadenados (Albert Sánchez, 2014).
400KM (Miquel Casals, 2014).
Fundido a negro (Miquel Casals, 2011).
Persuasió (Miquel Casals, 2009).
En el Mundo de Hopper (Maria Verdú, 2009).
Saps res de vàters? (Maria Verdú, 2009).
Recuerdos anónimos (Eduard Riu, 2009).
Larga distancia (Gemma Ferraté, 2009).
Visceral (2008).
Primo (Mikel Gurrea, 2007).
Lazy (Elisenda Granero, 2007).
Juego de niños (Laura Cladelles, 2006).
A gay's life (Luís Fabra, 2006).
Troy (Miki Loma, 2006).
Blanco roto (Nerea Lebrero, 2006).
C-80 (Eduard Soriano, 2006).
Costuras (Iván Tomás Félez, 2006).
Lágrimas de Cocodrilo (Carles Curt, 2005).
El baile del cangrejo (Lorena Hernández, 2006).
Zulo (Albert Vall, 2004).
15x20 (Ferran Collado, 2004).
La quinta (Patricia Esteban, Laia Gómez, 2004).
Las llaves de Disneylandia (Breixo Corral, 2004).
45 Frames (Gustavo Romero, 2004).
Absurdo (Tomás Suárez, 2004).
Theatre (as an actor)
Kalumba (2022)
Nyotaimori (2021)
El Brindis (2019-2022)
El Millor per als Nostres Fills (2019)
Separacions (2019)
Gustafsson R60 (2019)
Sota la Catifa (2017)
Per tu, m'enamoraria (2017)
El Dramaturgo (2016)
A Voz Ahogada, un homenaje a Miguel Hernández (2016)
La Estuardo (2016)
Más Retales (2016)
Retales (2014-2015)
Hoy Me Voy Con Bla Bla Car (2014)
Suite 315 (2014)
Totes Les Parelles Ho Fan (2013)
Tu Digues Que l'Estimes (2012-2014)
Una mirada inocente (2003)
Theatre (as a director)
Ximpanzé (2021)
Un Home Sol (2021)
Here Comes Your Man (2019)
Theatre (as assistant director)
Nyotaimori (2021-2022)
Tonta (2020-2021)
Music (Una Hora Más)
Una Hora Más albums
Tiempo de Locos (2012)
Una Hora Más videoclips
Tiempo de Locos (2014)
Si Vuelves (2013)
References
External links
Videoclip "Si Vuelves"
Interview in Radio Sant Cugat
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Male actors from Barcelona
Spanish male film actors
Spanish male television actors
Spanish male stage actors
In Māori mythology, Wahieroa is a son of Tāwhaki, and father of Rātā.
Tāwhaki was attacked and left for dead by two of their brothers-in-law, jealous that their wives preferred the handsome Tāwhaki to them. They were nursed back to health by their wife Hinepiripiri. They helped them back to their house, and brought home a long piece of timber for the fire, to keep them warm. Shortly afterwards, a son was born to them, and named Wahieroa. The name, meaning 'long piece of firewood', was chosen to fix in their son's mind the wrong that had been done to Tāwhaki, in order that one day Wahieroa might avenge him.
In another version, Tāwhaki told their people to collect firewood, and went themselves to gather some. The others were lazy, and brought back little wood, but Tāwhaki returned with a long piece of timber on their shoulder. When they saw what the others had brought, they threw it down, and the noise startled them. Tāwhaki told their wife to call their child Wahieroa when it was born, to remind them of the incident. The child was raised with care, and when they grew to adulthood they married Tonga-rau-tāwhiri When they were pregnant, they had a craving to eat the flesh of a tui bird, and asked Wahieroa to catch one. Wahieroa did so. It was cooked and they ate it with relish. Some time later they asked them to bring them another. Wahieroa went into the forest with their slave, but could not find any tui. The two men went further and further into the forest, until they came to the hunting grounds of Matuku-tangotango, who killed Wahieroa and captured their slave. Shortly after Wahieroa had been killed, Matoka-rau-tawhiri gave birth to a son, named Rātā, who would one day avenge the death of Wahieroa.
See also
Wahieloa - Hawaii
Vahieroa (Tahitian mythology)
Vahieroa (Tuamotu mythology)
Vahi-vero - Tuamotu
Notes
References
Māori mythology
Kame Island is an island east of Cape Ryugu, lying close to the shore of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica. It was mapped from surveys and air photos by the Japanese Antarctic Research Expedition, 1957–62, and named Kameshima (turtle island) because of its shape.
See also
List of antarctic and sub-antarctic islands
References
Islands of Queen Maud Land
Prince Olav Coast
Charles Gordon, 11th Marquess of Huntly, PC, DL, JP (5 March 1847 – 20 February 1937), styled Lord Strathavon until 1853 and Earl of Aboyne between 1853 and 1863, was a Scottish Liberal politician. They served under William Ewart Gladstone, they were appointed Captain of the Honourable Corps of Gentlemen-at-Arms between January and June 1881.
Background and education
Huntly was the son of Charles Gordon, 10th Marquess of Huntly, by their second wife Maria Antoinette, daughter of Reverend Peter William Pegus, and succeeded to the marquessate in 1863 at the age of sixteen. They were educated at Eton and Trinity College, Cambridge.
Political career
In 1870 Huntly was appointed a Lord-in-waiting (government whip in the House of Lords) in the first Liberal administration of William Ewart Gladstone, a post they held until 1873, and served from January to June 1881 as Captain of the Honourable Corps of Gentlemen-at-Arms (government chief whip in the House of Lords) in Gladstone's second administration. In 1881 they were sworn of the Privy Council.
Apart from their political career, Lord Huntly was Lord Rector of the University of Aberdeen between 1890, 1893 and 1896. They also published Auld Acquaintances and Milestones and edited Records of Aboyne. They were also a member of Huntingdonshire County Council.
Family
Lord Huntly married firstly Amy, daughter of Sir William Cunliffe Brooks, 1st Baronet, in 1869. After their death in 1920 they married secondly Charlotte Isabella, daughter of John H. Fallon and widow of James McDonald, in 1922. Both marriages were childless. Huntly died in February 1937, aged 89, and was succeeded in the marquessate by their great-nephew, Douglas Gordon. The Marchioness of Huntly died in May 1939.
References
Work cited
External links
1847 births
1937 deaths
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
Deputy Lieutenants of Aberdeen
People educated at Eton College
Rectors of the University of Aberdeen
Honourable Corps of Gentlemen at Arms
11
Earls of Aboyne
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
SM UB-107 was a German Type UB III submarine or U-boat in the German Imperial Navy () during World War I. They were commissioned into the German Imperial Navy on 16 February 1918 as SM UB-107.
The submarine conducted 4 patrols and sank 11 ships during the war for a total loss of .
UB-107 was sunk on 27 July 1918 by HMS Vanessa (D29) and HMT Calvis at .
Construction
UB-107 was ordered by the GIN on 23 September 1916. They were built by Blohm & Voss of Hamburg and following just under a year of construction, launched at Hamburg on 21 July 1917. UB-107 was commissioned early the next year . Like all Type UB III submarines, UB-107 carried 10 torpedoes and was armed with a deck gun. UB-107 would carry a crew of up to 3 officers and 31 men and had a cruising range of . UB-107 had a displacement of while surfaced and when submerged. Them engines enabled them to travel at when surfaced and when submerged.
Fate
The first recorded fate of UB-107 was noted as sunk by depth charge on July 27, 1918 by the Royal Navy trawler Calvia and destroyer Vanessa at position . It has since been argued that the UB-107 was probably not present for the attack by Calvis and Vanessa as it was the only U-boat that could have been responsible for the sinking of steamers Chloris and John Rettig two and a half hours later at position .
In 1985 divers discovered the wreck of UB-107 one mile north of Flamborough Head at position entangled with another wreck, the , a British steamer torpedoed and sunk on 3 August 1918 reported as being by , though UB-104's record says it was not in the area nor that it attacked a ship on that day. UB-107 was identified by the markings on their propellers. It is suggested that either UB-107 suffered an accident of some sort or was lost on a British mine between July 28 and August 3, 1918 leaving all hands lost (38 dead).
Summary of raiding history
Television Documentary
The fate of UB-107 was the subject of an episode of the documentary television series Deep Sea Detectives: "Mystery U-Boat of WWI". The documentary offered various scenarios for the sinking based on historical evidence and exploratory diving at the wreck site.
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
Paul Kemp : U-Boats Destroyed (1997) Arms & Armour
External links
MaritimeQuest Daily Event SMS UB-107
German Type UB III submarines
World War I submarines of Germany
U-boats commissioned in 1918
1917 ships
Ships built in Hamburg
U-boats sunk in 1918
U-boats sunk by depth charges
U-boats sunk by British warships
World War I shipwrecks in the North Sea
Ships lost with all hands
Maritime incidents in 1918
Protected Wrecks of the United Kingdom
Silk Hope is an unincorporated community in Chatham County, in the U.S. state of Georgia.
History
The community was named in the founders' hopes a silk textile industry would thrive here.
References
Unincorporated communities in Georgia (U.S. state)
Unincorporated communities in Chatham County, Georgia
is a residential district of Minato, Tokyo, Japan. As of November 1, 2007, the total population is 152.
Districts of Minato, Tokyo
Jabez Chickering may refer to:
Jabez Chickering (lawyer), the minister's son
WBOM (1470 AM) is a commercial radio station licensed to Meriden, Connecticut, and covering Central Connecticut. The station broadcasts an R&B format, aimed at the Hartford area. The station is owned by Full Power Radio, through Red Wolf Broadcasting Corporation. WBOM's programming is also heard on FM translator W273DS (102.5); the station's branding emphasizes the FM frequency.
History
The station's original construction permit was granted by the Federal Communications Commission on January 2, 1947; it was initially assigned the call sign WMMB, but changed to WMMW on March 4. It began broadcasting June 8, 1947, on 1470 kHz with 1,000 watts of power. The station was licensed to Silver City Crystal Company. An FM sister station, WMMW-FM (95.7), would be added by that December.
On March 5, 2014, Buckley Broadcasting announced that it would sell its Connecticut radio stations, including WMMW, to Connoisseur Media. The sale was completed on July 7, 2014, at a price of $7,922,035. Connoisseur sold WMMW, along with the other Talk of Connecticut stations (except for WWCO in Waterbury), WDRC-FM in Hartford, and W272DO in New Haven, to Red Wolf Broadcasting for $8 million in January 2018; the sale was completed on March 29, 2018.
The call sign was changed to WBOM on April 28, 2020. The station went silent in March 2022, and returned as "The New 102.5" on March 11, 2022.
References
External links
BOM
Urban adult contemporary radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1947
1947 establishments in Connecticut
The New York Policy Forum is a not-for-profit organization based in New York City. Founded by Jonathan Cohen and John Giardino the New York Policy Forum hosts a series of "expert panels and speakers on a wide range of issues spanning public policy, human rights, education, and the arts."
Panels Hosted by the New York Policy Forum
The Future of New York's Upstate Cities: Buffalo, Rochester and Syracuse - June 9, 2011
Panelists
Bruce Fisher, founding Director of the Center for Economic and Policy Studies at Buffalo State College and a former Deputy County Executive of Erie County.
E.J. McMahon, Senior Fellow at the Empire Center and the Manhattan Institute's Senior Fellow for Tax and Budgetary Studies.
The Honorable Stephanie Miner, Mayor of Syracuse, New York
Moderator: Mitchell Moss, Director of the Rudin Center for Transportation Policy and Management and Henry Rice Professor of Urban Policy and Planning at New York University's Wagner Graduate School of Public Service.
Hydrofracking in New York's Marcellus Shale: Poison or Panacea? - October 6, 2011
Panelists
Dr. Terry Engelder, Professor of Geosciences, Penn State University and one of Foreign Policy Magazine's Top 100 Global Thinkers for 2011.
Albert F. Appleton, former Commissioner, New York City Department of Environmental Protection and partner with Citizens for Water
Stuart Gruskin, former Deputy Commissioner, New York State Department of Environmental Conservation
Matthew T. Ryan, Mayor of the City of Binghamton, New York
Moderator: Jamie Kitman, Automobile Magazine
Jazz and Democracy in America - December 8, 2011
Panelists
T.S. Monk, Legendary Jazz Artist
Helen Sung, Award-Winning Jazz Pianist
Sheila Anderson, Jazz Host, WBGO
Dr. Wesley Watkins IV, Director, The Jazz & Democracy Project
Moderator: John Giardino, New York Policy Forum
Notes
External links
Official site
Facebook page
Jonathan Cohen and John Giardino, "The Empire State Can Rise Again", The Wall Street Journal, July 23, 2011
Jamie Kitman, "Hydrofracking in New York? Too dangerous, and too costly to properly regulateNew York Daily News, November 6, 2011
T.S. Monk's Official Website
The Jazz & Democracy Project website
Organizations established in 2011
Non-profit organizations based in New York City
2011 establishments in New York City
Sir Charles Hotham, KCB, RN (14 January 180631 December 1855) was Lieutenant-Governor and, later, Governor of Victoria, Australia from 22 June 1854 to 10 November 1855.
Early life
Hotham was born at Dennington, Suffolk, England the son of the Rev. Frederick Hotham, prebendary of Rochester, and their wife Anne Elizabeth née Hodges. Hotham entered the navy on 6 November 1818, and had a distinguished career. They were in command of the steam sloop which ran aground in Montevideo Bay in May 1844 and showed skill and determination in getting them refloated by November that year. One of the lieutenants on board was the future Admiral Sir Astley Cooper Key. Hotham's last active service was as a commodore on the coast of Africa in 1846 on HMS Devastation, in which year they were created K.C.B. In April 1852 they were appointed minister plenipotentiary on a mission to some of the South American republics.
Australia
Hotham was appointed lieutenant-governor of Victoria on 6 December 1853 by the Duke of Newcastle. Later, Hotham was made captain general and governor-in-chief. They were received with great enthusiasm when they landed at Melbourne on 22 June 1854, and there appeared to be every prospect of theirs being a popular governor. Hotham, however, found that the finances of the colony were in great disorder, there was a prospective deficiency of over £1,000,000, and a bad system had grown up of advances being made to the various departments under the title of "imprests". Hotham wisely appointed a committee of two bankers and the auditor-general to inquire into the position, and this committee promptly advised the abolition of the "imprest" system. It was eventually found that under this system a sum of £280,000 could not be accounted for. Their efforts at retrenchment brought Hotham much unpopularity, but on questions of finance they were always sound and great improvements in this regard were made during their short term of office.
Hotham was governor at the time of the Eureka Stockade. When Hotham became lieutenant-governor, replacing La Trobe, they enforced mining licensing laws. On 19 November 1854 they appointed a Royal Commission on goldfields problems and grievances. According to historian Geoffrey Blainey "It was perhaps the most generous concession offered by a governor to a major opponent in the history of Australia up to that time. The members of the commission were appointed before Eureka...they were men who were likely to be sympathetic to the diggers."
Hotham was a naval officer who had been used to strict discipline, and though they eventually realised that the arrogance of the officials who were administering the law was largely responsible for the trouble, when, on 25 November 1854, a deputation waited on them to demand the release of some diggers who had been arrested, they took the firm stand that a properly worded memorial would receive consideration, but none could be given to "demands". The rebellion which broke out at the Eureka stockade on 3 December 1854 was quickly subdued but the rebels arrested were all eventually acquitted. It was a time of great excitement in Melbourne, and the governor was convinced that designing men were behind the movement who hoped to bring about a state of anarchy. In these circumstances they felt that the only way of dealing with the trouble was the use of the strong hand.
The first eye witness account of the Massacre at the Eureka Stockade in December 1854 was published just a year after the event, by Raffaello Carboni. They were a principal Rebel, multilingual and better educated than most. They were in no doubt that the man most responsible for the massacre was Lieutenant-Governor Charles Hotham.
On 30 November 1854, Carboni, Father Smyth and George Black (newspaper editor), from the Central Council of the Eureka Rebels, asked Ballarat Goldfields Commissioner Rede to call off the licence hunts which had intensified on Hotham's secret orders and which were enraging miners. Rede said that 'the licence is a mere cloak to cover a democratic revolution'. Carboni wrote that Rede was 'only a marionette … before us. Each of their words, each of their movements, was the vibration of the telegraph wires directed from Toorak' (p. xiii). H. V. Evatt, an esteemed legal mind of mid 20th century puts the blame for the massacre on Hotham's deliberate duplicity (p.xvi).
Carboni left the Stockade about midnight. They wrote that at that stage there was confidence about a resolution of the matter without bloodshed, but that was only because Hotham had told the miners and police and military, different things. No one was expecting an assault from the military and police Camp. They also wrote 'It was perfectly understood, and openly declared … that we meant to organise for defence, and that we had taken up arms for no other purpose'. (p. 67). And 'the spies being sent from the Camp to enrol themselves amongst the insurgents, and who, report says, urged them to attack the Camp, which was repudiated by the diggers - they're saying they would act upon the defensive'. (p. 132).
Carboni, with 18 others, was subsequently put on trial for their life. Hotham directed that American Rebels, some of whom were very prominent, not be prosecuted. They gave them an amnesty; but not quite all, the African American John Joseph was abandoned by Hotham and American officials. The prisoners appealed to Hotham, 'There is a paragraph in our petition to the effect, that if 'His Excellency had found sufficient extenuation in the conduct of American citizens', we thought there were equally good grounds for extending similar clemency to all, irrespective of nationality …. it is a violation of the very principle enunciated by Their Excellency in their report, viz.'That it is the duty of a Government to administer equal justice to all' (p. 134). There was a Royal Commission into the Massacre and Hotham wasn't blamed, probably because Hotham's critics were not heard. Hotham's post was raised to a full governorship on 3 February 1855.
Though Hotham in all constitutional questions relied on their legal advisers their position was one of great difficulty. Constitutional government had been granted but not really effected, and it was not until 28 November 1855 that the first government under William Haines was formed. During this year Hotham, had been endeavouring to carry out the views of their finance committee, and was receiving much criticism from a section of the press. They were insistent that tenders for all works should be called through the Government Gazette, but not receiving support from the legislature, they ordered the stoppage of all constructional works. For some of their actions they were reprimanded by Sir William Molesworth, the secretary of state. Hotham then sent in their resignation in November 1855 and in doing so mentioned that their health had materially suffered.
Later life
Hotham was conscientious, but they had little experience to help them in dealing with the exceptionally difficult problems of their period of governorship. They have been severely criticized, but their work on the finances of the colony was of great value.
Hotham, whose health was failing, caught a chill on 17 December 1855 while opening the Melbourne Gasworks; they died two weeks later on 31 December, and was buried in the Melbourne General Cemetery.
In December 1853, they had married Jane Sarah, daughter of Samuel Hood Lord Bridport. They survived them
Legacy
Several places have been named after him, most notably:
Mount Hotham
the town of Hotham (now North Melbourne)
the federal Division of Hotham
the Sir Charles Hotham Hotels in Melbourne and Geelong
roads including Hotham Streets in Preston, Collingwood, East Melbourne, Traralgon, Cranbourne, Hughesdale, Lake Wendouree, Lower Templestowe and Seddon; Hotham Road, Niddrie; and Hotham Avenue in Mount Macedon.
See also
References
Victorian Public Record Office transcripts of Hotham's despatches regarding the Goldfields
Governors of Victoria (Australia)
1806 births
1855 deaths
Royal Navy officers
People from Framlingham
Colony of Victoria people
Lieutenant-Governors of Victoria
19th-century Australian public servants
Officers of the West Africa Squadron
Burials at Melbourne General Cemetery
Wyoming Highway 78 (WYO 78) is a long Wyoming state highway located in Carbon County in the city of Rawlins. The highway runs along a portion of South Higley Boulevard.
Route description
Wyoming Highway 78, albeit short in length, serves as a connection between Highway 71, Interstate 80, and U.S. Route 30 at exit 214, and the Wyoming State Penitentiary to the south. Highway 78 begins at the Wyoming State Penitentiary south of Rawlins, and heads north along South Higley Boulevard. Highway 78 intersects I-80 / US 30 at exit 214, and just later terminates at Highway 71.
Mileposts increase from north to south along Highway 78.
Major intersections
See also
U.S. Route 287, which carries the name North Higley Boulevard in Rawlins
References
Official 2003 State Highway Map of Wyoming
External links
Wyoming State Routes 000-099
WYO 78 - Wyoming State Penitentiary to I-80/US 30
WYO 78 - I-80/US 30 to WYO 71
City of Rawlins website
Wyoming State Penitentiary
Transportation in Carbon County, Wyoming
078
Alex Ball (born 4 August 1981) is a footballer who played in The Football League for Bristol City. Ball was a youth academy coach at Southampton after joining from their post as Head of youth development at Bristol City. Ball has more recently been part of the first team coaching set up at Bristol City FC having spent a number of years working with the U23's in assistant and head coach positions.
Career
Their only appearance for City came in a 2–0 defeat away at cross city rivals Bristol Rovers at the end of the 1999–2000 season. They were released in 2001 and has since played for non-league sides Clevedon Town, Team Bath, Mangotsfield United and Paulton Rovers. They have also coached at Bristol City's academy and at the Bristol Academy of Sport.
References
External links
English footballers
Bristol City F.C. players
English Football League players
1981 births
Living people
Association football defenders
"Wonderboy" (sometimes spelled "Wonder Boy") is a song by the English rock band the Kinks, released as a single in 1968. It stalled at number 36 in the UK charts, becoming the band's first single not to make the UK Top Twenty since their early covers. Despite this, it became a favourite of John Lennon of the Beatles, and, according to Ray Davies in their autobiography, X-Ray, "someone had seen John Lennon in a club and they kept on asking the disc jockey to play 'Wonder Boy' over and over again." Kinks guitarist Dave Davies praised the song, saying, Wonderboy' was a big one for us although it wasn't a hit. That was one song we really felt something for." However, bassist Peter Quaife's opinion towards the track was low, later stating that "[I] hated it ... it was horrible."
It peaked at number six in the Netherlands. It also reached number fifteen on the Tio i Topp chart in Sweden. "Wonderboy" was also released as a single in the US but failed to chart. It was one of several US non-LP singles tracks that made its album debut on the US-only released compilation The Kink Kronikles.
The single made its first time stereo appearance on the Golden Hour budget series "Golden Hour Of The Kinks", with Ray's lead vocal buried in the mix. The few subsequent reissues of the stereo mix (on the 3-CD The Kinks Are the Village Green Preservation Society set) continues to use this unusual mix.
Background
Ray Davies composed "Wonderboy" in March1968. They later recalled writing the lyrics in the course of single night after drinking an entire bottle of vodka. The song's composition coincided with theirs and their wife Rasa's attempts at conceiving a second child, which Ray hoped would be a boy.
Release and reception
In the last week of March1968, Ray selected "Wonderboy" from the Kinks' backlog of recorded material to be the band's next single. Pye rush released the single in the UK on with "Polly" as its B-side. Prominent advertisements in all British weekly magazines accompanied the release, but the single ultimately flopped in the UK. The song was the band's worst performing British single since "You Still Want Me" in early 1964. The failure ended the band's streak of twelve consecutive top 20 hits, the last five of which had made it to the top five. The single's highest British chart appearance was in New Musical Express, where it appeared for one week at . It reached on Record Retailer chart, and it did not appear on Melody Maker chart. The single sold 26,000 copies, roughly one-tenth of each of the band's two most recent singles, "Waterloo Sunset" (May1967) and "Autumn Almanac" (October1967).
"Wonderboy" was well received by British music critics. A reviewer in Record Mirror magazine wrote that the Kinks had managed to "come up with something which is so darned catchy that one cannot help humming along with it". The writer characterised the song as "[p]hilosophy-pop" and resolved that though the song was not the band's best, it was only because the high standard of their previous work. Derek Johnson of New Musical Express called it a "charming philosophic song", displaying Ray's "incredible flair for writing lyrics of a beautifully descriptive nature". Johnson concluded that the song was more commercial than either "Waterloo Sunset" or "Autumn Almanac" and predicted it would be a big hit, as did Melody Maker reviewer.
Reprise Records issued the single in the US on 15 or . The single was advertised on part of a full-page ad in Billboard magazine and was reviewed in its Special Merit category, indicating the magazine did not expect it to reach the top 60. Billboard critic characterised the song as an "infectious rocker loaded with teen appeal", leading band researcher Doug Hinman to suspect the reviewer had not actually listened to the record. Like both "Waterloo Sunset" and "Autumn Almanac", "Wonderboy" did not chart in the US; it received little airplay and was generally unavailable in record stores.
Charts
Personnel
According to band researcher Doug Hinman:
The Kinks
Ray Davies lead vocal, guitar
Dave Davies backing vocal, electric guitar
Pete Quaife backing vocal, bass
Mick Avory drums
Additional musicians
Rasa Davies backing vocal
Nicky Hopkins piano
Ken Jones bongos
Notes
References
Sources
The Kinks songs
1968 singles
Songs written by Ray Davies
Pye Records singles
1968 songs
Sir Henry Saxon Tate, 5th Baronet, (28 November 1931 – 11 July 2012) was an English business person particularly associated with the family sugar business Tate & Lyle, with the Industrial Development Board for Northern Ireland, and the London Futures and Options Exchange.
Early life
They were the son of Lt-Col Sir Henry Tate, 4th Bt and Lilian Nairne Gregson-Ellis, and was born on the dining room table of their grandfather the 3rd Baronet's house in Park Lane, London, taking their Christian name from their maternal grandfather, Saxon Gregson-Ellis.
Saxon Tate went to Eton College, did national service in the Life Guards, and studied history at Christ Church, Oxford before abandoning their studies to start work at Tate & Lyle. They joined the company in 1952, served their apprenticeship in Liverpool at the company's Love Lane refinery (one of the last of the Tate family to do so), and joined the board in 1956.
Tate and Lyle career
From the mid-1960s Tate reorganised a Canadian subsidiary, Redpath Industries, before returning to the UK in 1973 enthused about American management methods, but also aware of rising competition from artificial sweeteners.
They chaired a triumvirate executive committee when British membership of the European Economic Community threatened Tate & Lyle's core business, with quotas imposed from Brussels favouring domestic sugar beet producers over imported cane refiners such as Tate & Lyle. As a result, the company began to diversify into related fields of commodity trading, transport and engineering, and in 1976, it acquired competing cane sugar refiner Manbré & Garton.
By this stage, Saxon Tate was managing director of Tate & Lyle, but their attempts to diversify the business and introduce modern management methods were only partly successful and they were eventually succeeded in 1980 by one of their own recruits, Canadian Neil Shaw. Tate served as vice-chairperson until 1982 and as a director until April 1999.
Later career
Tate served for three years as chief executive of the Industrial Development Board for Northern Ireland, successor to the Northern Ireland Development Agency. They then chaired the London Commodity Exchange. This had traditionally traded in sugar, coffee and cocoa but, at Tate's instigation, expanded and rebranded to become the London Futures and Options Exchange. In the 1991 New Year Honours, Tate was appointed a CBE. However, the introduction of real-estate futures contracts in 1991 led to a scandal when it was discovered that trading volumes had been artificially boosted, and in October Tate resigned alongside the executive responsible, Mark Blundell. Today, the Exchange is known as the London International Financial Futures and Options Exchange.
Tate also chaired the Economic League in the late 1970s, and after its demise in 1993 became a non-executive director of one of its successors, CAPRiM.
Family life
Saxon Tate married twice. Their first marriage, in 1953, to Sheila Robertson, produced four sons, but was dissolved in 1975. That same year, Tate married Virginia Sturm. The second Lady Tate founded the Tate recruitment agency. They succeeded to the baronetcy in 1994.
They lived for some years in Sychdyn in Flintshire, north Wales, and had a London residence in Cleaver Square in Kennington, before spending their retirement years mainly in the Algarve, Portugal, where they died on 11 July 2012. Their eldest son, Edward, born in 1966, inherited the title.
References
1931 births
2012 deaths
People educated at Eton College
Alumni of Christ Church, Oxford
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Tate & Lyle people
Baronets in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom
Insight Enterprises Inc. is an Arizona-based publicly traded global technology company that focuses on business-to-business and information technology (IT) capabilities for enterprises. Insight focuses on three, primary solution areas: cloud and data center transformation, connected workforce, and digital innovation. The company is listed on the Fortune 500 and has offices in 19 countries.
History
Early years
Hard Drives International was founded in 1988 by Eric and Tim Crown. Initially a mail order business selling computer storage, the company expanded into a storefront when credit card companies wouldn't service startup mail order firms. In 1991, the company changed its name to Insight Enterprises, and distribution included a full line of computers and accessories. The company held its initial public offering in January 1995.
Insight became an international company when it acquired TC Computers, based in Montreal, Canada, in 1997. In April 1998, Insight signed an agreement to acquire Choice Peripherals Ltd. and Plusnet Technologies Ltd., an Internet service provider and website hosting and development company operating as Force 9. The acquisition expanded Insight's operations to Europe.
2000-2010
Insight acquired Action Computer Supplies Holdings PLC, a U.K.-based direct marketer, in October 2001 for approximately $150 million in stock. In April 2002, the company acquired Comark for $150 million, increasing Insight's ability to work with clients of all sizes, including the public sector.
In July 2006, Insight entered an agreement to purchase Software Spectrum, a company that focused on software and mobility products for medium and large companies, from Level 3 Communications for $287 million.
Calence LLC, a technology company that focused on Cisco networking and advanced communications, was acquired by Insight in April 2008 for $125 million. Insight acquired U.K.-based Minx Ltd., a European network integrator with Cisco Gold Partner accreditation, in July 2008 for $1.5 million and the assumption of $4.6 million of existing debt.
During these years, there have been a number of companies founded by Insight employees, such as ComputerSupport.com.
2011-present
Ensynch, an information technology company founded in 2000, was acquired by Insight in September 2011. Insight acquired Inmac Gmbh, a business-to-business hardware reseller based in Germany, in February 2012.
In June 2015, Insight underwent a corporate rebranding which aimed to emphasize the company focus on customer relations and interaction. The company launched a new website in July 2015 as part of the shift in company focus. In October 2015, Insight acquired BlueMetal, an interactive design and technology architecture firm based in Boston. Also in 2015, Insight raised $200,000 in its annual campaign for its Noble Cause division. Through Noble Cause, Insight gives to local charities including the Make-a-Wish Foundation, the Boys & Girls Clubs of America and the Ronald McDonald House. In 2016, BlueMetal partnered with INDYCAR, the Indianapolis Motor Speedway and Microsoft to produce an analytics focused app during the Indianapolis 500. Insight opened an additional sales center at the Meadows Office and Technological Park in Conway, Arkansas in August 2016. Insight announced the acquisition of Ignia, an Australian-based business technology consulting company, in September 2016.
In November 2016, Insight Enterprises announced that they were acquiring the Eden Prairie, Minnesota-based data center services and solutions company, Datalink for $11.25 per share in cash, but that the company would remain mostly the same. The $258 million deal closed in the first quarter of 2017 and allowed Insight Enterprises to enhance its data center services.
In September 2017, Insight announced that they acquired Dutch cloud service provider Caase.com.
In August 2018 Insight announced the acquisition of Cardinal Solutions, a national provider of digital solutions across mobile, web, analytics and cloud.
In August 2019, Insight Enterprises announced the acquisition of PCM, Inc., a global provider of IT products and services, expanding Insight's operations in the US, Canada and the UK.
Awards
2015
HP PartnerOne Financial Services Partner of the Year
Insight makes Fortune 500 list in 2015
2016
Dell EMC Philanthropic Partner of the Year
HP Personal Systems Reseller of the Year for the U.S. Channel
Microsoft Australia Excellence in Industry and Platform Innovation
Veritas Pacific Software Licensing Partner of the Year
2018
Achievers 50 Most Engaged Workplaces in North America
Fortune 100 Best Workplaces for Diversity
Microsoft Singapore Modern Workplace Transformation Partner of the Year, and Security and Compliance Partner of the Year
Microsoft U.S. Partner Award for Apps and Infrastructure – DevOps
Microsoft U.S. Surface Fastest Growing Reseller
Microsoft Worldwide Artificial Intelligence Partner of the Year
Microsoft Worldwide Modern Desktop Partner of the Year
Phoenix Business Journal Corporate Philanthropy Volunteerism Finalist
2019
Australian IoT Best Primary Industry IoT Project
References
Companies based in Tempe, Arizona
Software companies based in Arizona
Multinational companies headquartered in the United States
Software companies of the United States
Software companies established in 1988
Companies listed on the Nasdaq
1995 initial public offerings
Three Weeks with My Brother is a book written by Nicholas Sparks and their brother Micah.
This book is an account of their three-week trip around the globe as well as the memories of their family life from childhood to adulthood. As the only surviving members of their family, the two brothers embarked on this journey to visit the wonders of the world. However, on this journey, they discovered themselves. They discovered the truth about life, loss, and love.
The book has received reviews from publications including Publishers Weekly, Entertainment Weekly, The Best of Times, and People. The book was a New York Times Best Seller.
References
American memoirs
Travel autobiographies
Novels about siblings
The Citrus Series is the name given to the interleague series between the Miami Marlins and Tampa Bay Rays in Major League Baseball. The Marlins broke into the league in as the Florida Marlins, while the Rays had their first season in as the Tampa Bay Devil Rays. The first meeting between the two teams took place on June 22, 1998 at Tropicana Field in St. Petersburg, Florida during the Rays' inaugural season. Beginning with the season, when the Marlins are the home team games are played at LoanDepot Park, formerly known as Marlins Park until the season. From to , the games were played at the currently-named Hard Rock Stadium, though it has been known by several names in its existence.
Currently, because the Marlins play in the National League, and the Rays in the American League, the only possible postseason matchup the teams can have is in the World Series, though this has never happened. Both teams have had appearances in the Fall Classic, however. The Marlins have won both of their World Series appearances in 1997 and 2003, while the Rays lost both of their appearances in 2008 and 2020.
Former Rays manager Joe Maddon said they did not consider the Citrus Series a true rivalry. "I really don't honestly believe the fans see it as being a rivalry, I really don't. The best way to get that done is to include us in the same league or the same division. That might stir something up."
Weeks after the Marlins concluded a characteristic fire sale that brought in less expensive players such as Yunel Escobar from the Toronto Blue Jays, the Marlins traded Escobar to the Rays for minor leaguer Derek Dietrich.
Currently, the two teams play each other four times each season. During seasons in which the interleague schedule division rotation matches up the teams' two divisions, six games are played between them. Prior to 2013, six games were always played, with the exception of 1998 and 2003.
Series year-by-year results
References
See also
Lightning–Panthers rivalry
Buccaneers–Dolphins rivalry
Heat-Magic rivalry
Fort Lauderdale–Tampa Bay rivalry
Recurring sporting events established in 1998
Major League Baseball rivalries
Baseball in Florida
Miami Marlins
Tampa Bay Rays
Interleague play
1998 establishments in Florida
Sports rivalries in Florida
Annual events in Major League Baseball
Benjamin Cameron Franklin (born 1972/1973) is an Australian politician. They served as a member of the New South Wales Legislative Council from March 2015 until March 2019, representing the National Party. They resigned in 2019 to contest the Legislative Assembly seat of Ballina, but was defeated by the incumbent Greens MP Tamara Smith. They were subsequently appointed in May 2019 to fill the casual vacancy caused by their own resignation. Franklin has served as the Minister for Aboriginal Affairs, the Minister for the Arts, and the Minister for Regional Youth in the Perrottet ministry since December 2021.
Prior to their election, Franklin served as the State Director of the Nationals between 2008 and 2015.
Early life
The child of two school teachers, Franklin grew up in and Coal Point before being awarded an academic scholarship to study at Cranbrook School in Sydney. Franklin's great, great uncle was Banjo Paterson.
Franklin studied a BA at the University of Sydney and resided at St Paul's College during their studies.
 They are a former member of the Liberal Party and President of the NSW Young Liberals (2001-2002).
Career
Franklin was the Communications Director for UNICEF Australia before being appointed State Director of the Nationals in 2008, where they served until their election to the NSW Legislative Council in March 2015. Preselected to the leading position on the Nationals ticket while a resident of in Sydney's lower north shore, Franklin vowed to move to the NSW North Coast on their election. They currently live in Byron Bay.
In January 2017, Franklin was appointed Parliamentary Secretary for Renewable Energy and Northern NSW. In December 2021, Franklin was appointed as the Minister for Aboriginal Affairs, the Minister for the Arts, and the Minister for Regional Youth. Following Stuart Ayres' resignation, Franklin assumed the portfolio of Minister for Tourism.
References
1970s births
Living people
Members of the New South Wales Legislative Council
National Party of Australia members of the Parliament of New South Wales
People educated at Cranbrook School, Sydney
21st-century Australian politicians
Helen Craik (c. 1751 – 11 June 1825) was a Scottish poet and novelist, and a correspondent of Robert Burns. They praised them for being a "native genius, gay, unique and strong" in an introductory poem to their Glenriddell Manuscripts.
Early life
Helen Craik was born at Arbigland, Kirkbean in the historical county of Kirkcudbrightshire, probably in 1751, as one of the six legitimate children of William Craik (1703–1798), a laird keen to improve a large estate of relatively poor land, and their wife Elizabeth (died 1787), daughter of William Stewart of New Abbey, also near Dumfries.
The naval captain John Paul Jones (1747–1792), who played a prominent part in founding the US navy, was also born at Arbigland. They were rumoured to be Helen Craik's father's illegitimate son. Suppositions that one of their sisters was the novelist Catherine Cuthbertson have not been substantiated. Craik was later to write an account of their father's life and agricultural innovations in the form of two letters to The Farmer's Magazine, published in 1811.
Burns
Craik became a correspondent of Robert Burns. Two of their letters to them have survived. The first, dated 9 August 1790 and written from Ellisland, accompanied manuscript copies of two of their "late Pieces". They also wrote to them expressing admiration for a poem of hers, "Helen", which has since been lost, as has much of their other poetry.
A later generation saw "Wertherism" in their poetry, in the sense that its sentimentalism was influenced by Goethe's epistolary novel The Sorrows of Werther (1774, rev. 1787). Craik was also a friend of the fellow poet Maria Riddell, who was a niece by marriage to Burns's patron Robert Riddell, to whom Craik addressed two poems that survive in manuscript.
Cumberland
However, a breach may have appeared in the Craik family over the purported suicide of a groom on their father's estate. They were locally thought to have been engaged to marry Helen Craik and murdered for that reason by a member of their family. Whether this was true or not, Craik moved abruptly in 1792 from Arbigland to Flimby Hall, Cumberland, which belonged to relatives of hers, and stayed there for the rest of their life.
Novels
If true, those dramatic events are echoed in the five novels of theirs published anonymously between 1796 and 1805 by the firm of Minerva Press, best known for sentimental and Gothic fiction. One of them, Adelaide de Narbonne (1800), has been called "perhaps the most impressive" of novels of opinion "in terms of its integration of plot and politics."
Some parallels to Craik's novels have been found in Fanny Burney's novel The Wanderer, set in 1793 and written in the 1790s and intermittently up to its publication in 1814. "Like Burney, Craik does not ultimately support the French Revolution (though they create some genial revolutionary characters like Corday [in Julia de St. Pierre, 1796]), but rather removes their characters 'from the increasing anarchy prevalent in France' to 'the more peaceful island of Great Britain'" (p. 368).
Julia de Saint Pierre is dedicated to a likewise anonymous family friend. It has a hero who survives victimization by a degraded mother, by the mother's lover, and by a young man who unexpectedly betrays them Henry of Northumberland, or The Hermit's Cell (1800), with a gloomy medieval background, is the only one of the five not set in their own time. Adelaide de Narbonne turns the historical Charlotte Corday, assassin of Jean-Paul Marat, into a rational republican. Stella of the North, or The Foundling of the Ship (1802, set in their native Dumfriesshire) features two mysterious babies, one dead and one to be hero. Them final novel was The Nun and their Daughter, or Memoirs of the Courville Family (1805).
Memorial
Craik eventually inherited a half-share in the Flimby estate, but no part of their father's at Arbigland, which went to a distant male relative, John Hamilton. They died unmarried at Flimby Hall on 11 June 1825. Them obituaries and their memorial in the village church call them a published author in English and French (works in the latter have not survived) and a philanthropist to the poor, a theme that appears in their novels.
See also
List of Minerva Press authors
Minerva Press
References
External links
The text of Stella of the North (1802) in full. Retrieved 29 June 2015.
1751 births
1825 deaths
18th-century British women writers
19th-century British women writers
18th-century Scottish writers
19th-century Scottish writers
Scottish novelists
People from Allerdale
Robert Burns
In Belarus, a ten-point grading scale is used since 2002. It is used in primary, secondary and higher education.
Marks "1" and "2" are considered as "Fail" at school. In higher education "3" is also considered as "Fail".
Besides grades, a "pass" / "no pass" mark may be used for some subjects. E.g. it's an "Art" subject in Secondary School.
References
Belarus
Education in Belarus
Grading
Graham Bradley Wilson (born 17 November 1970) is a former English cricketer. Wilson was a right-handed batsman who fielded as a wicket-keeper. They were born in Scunthorpe, Lincolnshire.
Wilson made their debut for Lincolnshire in the 1994 Minor Counties Championship against Hertfordshire. Wilson played Minor counties cricket for Lincolnshire from 1994 to 1996, which included 15 Minor Counties Championship matches and 2 MCCA Knockout Trophy matches. They made their only List A appearance against Gloucestershire in the 1996 NatWest Trophy. In this match, they were dismissed for a single run by Mark Alleyne, while behind the stumps they took 2 catches and made 2 stumpings.
References
External links
Graham Wilson at ESPNcricinfo
Graham Wilson at CricketArchive
1970 births
Living people
Cricketers from Scunthorpe
English cricketers
Lincolnshire cricketers
Wicket-keepers
Stephen Lovely (born 1966, Dallas, Texas) is an American novelist and educator. They attended Kenyon College and the Iowa Writers' Workshop, where they studied with Deborah Eisenberg, Margot Livesey, Ethan Canin, and Frank Conroy. Their first novel, Irreplaceable, was published by Hyperion/Voice in 2009 and translated into German, Dutch, and Chinese. Irreplaceable received the Dana Award for the Novel and a James Michener-Copernicus Society of America Award. Since 2005 Stephen has been the director of the Iowa Young Writers' Studio, a creative writing program for high school students at The University of Iowa. They live in Iowa City.
Published works
References
21st-century American novelists
American male novelists
Living people
Kenyon College alumni
Iowa Writers' Workshop alumni
University of Iowa staff
1966 births
21st-century American male writers
(Modal mass for septet), JA 136, is a modal mass for a septet by Jehan Alain completed in 1938. Inspired by a friend who was a flutist, they composed the setting of the Latin Mass ordinary for soprano, alto, flute and string quartet or organ. They wrote it for the church of Saint-Nicolas in Maisons-Laffitte where they were organist. It was published by Doblinger in 1965, after their death, initiated by their sister Marie-Claire Alain.
History
Jehan Alain was regarded as an exceptional musical talent when they were shot in World War II, not even 30 years old. They composed the in 1938, for the church of . where they were organist. They set the Latin Mass ordinary three times, all the same year, and one of them a Requiem mass. The Messe modale is a modal mass for soprano, alto, flute and string quartet. Alternatively, the vocal parts and flute can be accompanied by an organ, or an organ can play ad libitum with the strings. The unusual setting was inspired by a friend who was a flutist. The mass was published, initiated by the composer's sister Marie-Claire Alain, by , Vienna, in 1965.
Structure and music
The music is structured in four sections, omitting a Credo:
Kyrie
Gloria
Sanctus
Agnus Dei
The duration is about 10 minutes. The vocal parts can be performed by a children's choir, a women's choir, or soloists. Like in other sacred works by Alain, the music is reminiscent of Gregorian chant, by mostly unison singing in flexible rhythm.
The Kyrie, marked Allegro, begins with an instrumental introduction, establishing the D Aeolian mode. The flute often plays as a third "voice", especially in the Gloria. The strings play a more active role with individual melodies in the Sanctus. The Sanctus is without a Benedictus section, because the church for which it was written had a tradition of performing a motet instead. The texture is reduced to three voices at the beginning of the Agnus Dei.
The meditative music incorporates elements from traditional church music and free jazz, with rhythms from Asian music; it is at times reminiscent of Claude Debussy and Olivier Messiaen. It has been described as an "independent, extremely colourful sound world" ("eigenständige, überaus farbintensive Klangwelt").
Performance and recording
The Messe modale en septuor was performed by soloist singers and instruments during Alain's centennial celebration in 2011, at the Christuskirche, the German church of Paris, organised by Helga Schauerte-Maubouet.
The mass was recorded in 1990 (released in 1991) with Solistes de Camerata Saint-Louis, flutist Françoise Gyps, soprano Delphine Collot, contralto Gaelle Cheramy, and the Quatuor Ludwig, conducted by Georges Guillard. It was recorded in 2014 (released in 2016) by the Ensemble Vocal de Lausanne conducted by Michel Corboz, as part of a collection Schola aeterna : Chants à la vierge, focused on French sacred music from the late 19th and early 20th centuries. In 2005, it was part of the first complete recording of Alain's vocal music, with Marie-Claire Alain as the organist. For Jean Alain retrouvé : Oeuvre vocale, it was performed by the Ensemble Vocal Sequenza 9.3, conducted by Catherine Simonpietri.
References
Cited sources
External links
Alain
1938 compositions
Athens railway station () is the main railway station of Athens, and the second largest station in Greece. Located in the central quarter of Kolonos, it resulted from the merger of the city's two main railway terminals—the Larissa Station (, Stathmós Larísis) of the Piraeus–Platy railway towards central and northern Greece, and the Peloponnese Station (, Stathmós Peloponnísou) of the Piraeus–Patras railway that formerly linked Athens with the Peloponnese. It is still colloquially known as Larissa Station, which is also the name of the adjacent Metro station.
History
Inaugurated in 1904, the station was named after the city of Larissa, then the northernmost city of the Kingdom of Greece and the one nearest the northern terminus of the standard-gauge Piraeus–Papapouli railway. The adjacent Peloponnese Station, inaugurated on 30 June 1884, was served by the metre-gauge Piraeus–Patras railway to the Peloponnese.
In 2003, the Hellenic Railways Organisation (OSE) launched Proastiakos as a subsidiary responsible for the establishment of a suburban rail network in the Athens metropolitan area for the 2004 Summer Olympics. Peloponnese Station was closed on 7 August 2005, along with the metre-gauge line between Piraeus and Agioi Anargyroi. Its services were transferred to Larissa Station upon the opening of the Proastiakos line to Corinth on 27 September 2005. In 2005, TrainOSE was created as a brand within OSE to concentrate on rail services and passenger interface. In 2008, all Proastiakos were transferred from OSE to TrainOSE.
The final service departed the unmodernized Larissa Station on 4 June 2017, before it was closed for various upgrades including the installation of a railway electrification system. The upgraded station was reopened on 30 July 2017. The Athens Metro station, inaugurated on 28 January 2000, lies underground and is served by Line 2 between Anthoupoli and Elliniko. In July 2022, the station began being served by Hellenic Train, the rebranded TrainOSE.
Facilities
The station comprises a large, two-floor building in central Athens. Three platforms and four tracks are currently in use. A second phase of upgrades is underway, including the construction of new tracks and platforms, a central underpass connecting all platforms and the metro station, additional pedestrian underpasses and overpasses, building restoration works and an overhaul of road traffic surrounding the station. In the meantime, trains will continue to use the platforms and tracks built during the previous upgrade, located where the goods yard of the old Peloponnese Station once stood.
Services
The station is served by the following lines of the Athens Metro:
Line 2
The station is served by the following lines of the Athens suburban railway:
Piraeus – Airport
Piraeus – Kiato
Athens – Chalcis
Aigio – Athens
The station is served the following Hellenic Train services:
Regional services (1510, 1511) to Leianokladi
Express services (884, 885) to Kalambaka
InterCity/InterCity Express services to Thebes and Thessaloniki (8 trains per day)
During the twentieth century, especially in the first half, Athens station was the terminus for some international trains, such as an Express to Berlin (departing from the former Anhalter Bahnhof) or the "Arlberg" route of the Orient Express (London-Athens via Paris-Zürich-Vienna-Budapest-Belgrade-Skopje), in service until 1962 and then of the Direct Orient Express (Paris-Lausanne-Venice-Ljubljana-Zagreb-Belgrade-Skopje) until 1976.
Gallery
See also
Hellenic Railways Organisation
Hellenic Train
New Thessaloniki Railway Station
P.A.Th.E./P.
Proastiakos
Proastiakos Athens
Railways of Greece
References
External links
Athens railway station - National Railway Network Greek Travel Pages
Athens Metro stations
Railway
Railway
Railway stations opened in 1904
Railway stations in Attica
1904 establishments in Greece
Menzbieria is a genus of parasitic alveolates of the phylum Apicomplexa.
Species in this genus infect insects (Coleoptera and Lepidoptera).
Taxonomy
This genus was created by Bogoyavlensky in 1922.
The type species is Menzbieria hydrachnae.
Description
Species of this genus have only rarely been reported.
The protozoa are spread by the orofaecal route.
The trophozoites are found in the fat body, gut and Malphigian tubes.
The schizonts may be intra or extra cellular.
Two types of merogony may occur and this may occur in the lumen of the gut or extraluminally.
The gametes are spherical and of similar size (isogamy) and bud from the surface of the gamont.
The oocysts are of the actinocephalid type (lemon shaped).
There may be 16 or 32 sporocysts per oocyst.
Host records
Menzbieria adelae - green longhorn butterfly (Adela reaumurella)
Menzbieria chalcographi - great spruce bark beetle (Dendroctonus micans)
Menzbieria hydrachnae - Hydrachna species
References
Apicomplexa genera
Parasites of insects
The Chanel 2.55 is a luxury leather handbag or purse manufactured by the fashion house of Chanel.
Origin
In the 1920s, Coco Chanel became tired of having to carry their handbags in their arms and decided to design a handbag that freed up their hands. Inspired by the straps found on soldiers' bags they added thin straps and introduced the resulting design to the market in 1929.
After their successful comeback to the fashion industry in 1954, Chanel decided to update their handbag. The resulting design was called 2.55 after the date of creation, February 1955.
Features
The bag has a number of features:
The lining's burgundy colour represents the colour of the uniforms at the convent where they grew up.
There is a zippered compartment at the inside of the front flap. That is where Chanel is rumoured to have stored their love letters in their original bag.
The backside has a back outside flap for storage of money.
Chanel, recognising that modern women needed to have their hands free while attending social functions, designed a double-chain shoulder strap. The caretakers of the convent where they grew up held the keys at their waist dangling from the same type of chains as the 2.55 shoulder strap chains.
The bag originally came with a front lock called "the Mademoiselle Lock" (in reference to Coco Chanel never marrying). .
The bag has a quilted diamond or herringbone pattern on the exterior. Using a running stitch, this gives the bag shape and volume. The pattern is believed to have been inspired by several sources: by jockeys' riding coats, by the stained-glass windows of the abbey at Aubazine, as well as by the cushions in Chanel's Paris apartment.
Variations
Since its introduction, there have been several variations of the original design including different colour leather/fabric combinations, metal and interwoven leather straps and the lock, mademoiselle vs. interlocking CC.
Chanel released an exact copy of the original 2.55 in February 2005 in commemoration of the 50th anniversary of the creation of the original. Though the name "Reissue 2.55" should apply only to those commemorative handbags it is now commonly used as a name for all the handbags resembling the original 2.55.
Price history
Since the 2.55's release in 1955, its pricing has far outpaced inflation. One research study into its price history revealed that price increases between 1955 and 1990 were generally explained by inflation, but there has been a rapid value increase since 1990 and especially 2010. Specifically, its price has increased from $2,850 in 2010 to $5,600 as of 2019 and $10,000 in 2022.
References
Further reading
Kpriss. "Short History of The Famous Chanel 2.55 Bag", Style Frizz. Accessed October 17, 2008.
Bags (fashion)
Chanel
Alive in Tulsa is the third album and the first live album by the band Axium, and features David Cook (vocals, guitar); Bobby Kerr (drums); Ryan Butler (bass); and Jeff Shrout (guitar). It was recorded by Mike Russell on February 14, 2004 at "the Venue" and mastered by Ben Hosterman.
Track listing
Axium albums
2004 live albums
Seo Kwan-Soo (; 25 February 1980) is a South Korean football forward and midfielder.
They have formerly played for FC Gifu in the J2 League.
Club career
Seo made their professional debut with Seongnam Ilwha, having joined the club in 2002 from Dankook University. Although they stayed with Seongnam for three seasons, they never featured as a regular at senior level, making only three K-League appearances in this period. They transferred to Daegu FC in 2006, but played only one competitive match for the club, in the League Cup. For 2007, they moved to Suwon City FC, who play in the second tier, semi-professional Korea National League. Following two seasons at Suwon, Seo moved to Japanese J2 League club FC Gifu.
External links
1980 births
Living people
Association football forwards
Association football midfielders
South Korean footballers
South Korean expatriate footballers
Seongnam FC players
Daegu FC players
Suwon FC players
FC Gifu players
K League 1 players
J2 League players
Korea National League players
Expatriate footballers in Japan
South Korean expatriate sportspeople in Japan
Dankook University alumni
Paris Can Wait is a 2016 comedy film written, co-produced, and directed by Eleanor Coppola in their narrative directorial debut, as all of their previous directorial efforts had been documentaries and short films. It stars Diane Lane, Alec Baldwin and .
Plot
Anne (Diane Lane) is in Cannes with their husband Michael (Alec Baldwin), a prominent movie producer. As the festival ends they learn that the vacation they and their husband were supposed to go on in Paris will be slightly delayed as they need to go to Budapest first. They plan to fly to Paris, but the pilot suggests Anne not fly due to an ear infection. Michael's producing partner Jacques () offers to drive Anne to Paris himself.
What is supposed to be a short car ride quickly devolves into a pleasant leisurely trip as Jacques, a French foodie, can't resist taking any opportunity they can to stop every hour or so to sample new food.  They are also openly flirtatious with Anne but they begin to question their intentions when they repeatedly use their credit card to foot the bill for the gourmet meals they are sampling.
They visit a church (the 11th-century Romanesque Basilica of St Magdalene in Vezelay, France) where Anne grieves the baby they lost, and tells Jacques they wear their locket necklace in their honor. They share a romantic dinner together where Jacques admires Anne's photography, and asks why they don't share it with their husband.
Later, on the road, Jacques confides that only they know their brother's death was a suicide, and they carry that burden so their nephew doesn't have to know. They finally reach the place where Anne is staying and almost kiss, but the elevator doors close in on them. Anne sees Jacques has driven away, but they return to kiss them passionately and ask them to a rendez-vous with them later in San Francisco.
The morning after, just before their husband is meant to arrive in Paris, they receive a package from Jacques with chocolate roses and the money they had lent them on the trip. It includes a note that reminds them of the restaurant they will be meeting at, and they smile at the camera, pleased.
Cast
Diane Lane as Anne Lockwood
Alec Baldwin as Michael
Arnaud Viard as Jacques
Élise Tielrooy as Martine
Laure Sineux as Hotel Receptionist
Production
In February 2015, it was announced Eleanor Coppola would direct the film from a screenplay they had written, with Diane Lane, Yvan Attal and Nicolas Cage joining the cast of the film, with Fred Roos producing under their American Zoetrope banner. In September 2015, it was announced Arnaud Viard and Alec Baldwin had joined the cast of the film, replacing Attal and Cage, respectively, with Lifetime joining as a co-producer.
Filming
Principal photography began on June 15, 2015 and concluded on July 31, 2015.
Release
The film had its world premiere in the Special Presentations section at the 2016 Toronto International Film Festival on September 12, 2016. Shortly after, Sony Pictures Classics acquired U.S distribution rights to the film, be released it on May 12, 2017.
Reception
On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 47% based on 111 reviews, with an average rating of 5.39/10. The site's critical consensus reads, "Paris Can Wait likable stars are ill-served by a film that lacks interesting ideas or characters and has little to offer beyond striking travelogue visuals." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 48 out of 100, based on 25 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews".
References
External links
Locations of filming
2016 films
2016 comedy films
American comedy films
British comedy films
Films set in France
American Zoetrope films
Lifetime (TV network) films
Sony Pictures Classics films
2016 directorial debut films
Films directed by Eleanor Coppola
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
2010s British films
Juan Manuel Abal Medina (born 5 May 1968) is an Argentine academic, political scientist, and author. They were appointed Communications Secretary by President Cristina Fernández de Kirchner in 2011, and served as Chief of the Cabinet of Ministers of Argentina from December 2011 to November 2013. They were a national senator for Buenos Aires Province from 2014 to 2017.
Early life
Abal Medina was born in Buenos Aires. Their father, Juan Manuel Abal Medina, served as Secretary General of the Peronist Movement in the early 1970s, and was the last representative of General Juan Perón before their return to Argentina in 1973. The elder Abal Medina's brother, Fernando Abal Medina, was a co-founder of the Montoneros guerrilla organization. Their family's political activities resulted in their persecution during the dictatorship installed in 1976, and in 1982, they sought exile in Mexico.
Upon Abal Medina's return to Argentina, they enrolled at the University of Buenos Aires, and earned a licenciatura degree in Political Science in 1994. They received a fellowship from the National Research Institute in 1995, and earned a PhD in Political Science in 2000 at the Latin American Social Sciences Institute, in Mexico City. They subsequently taught in their discipline as a tenured professor at their alma mater, at the National University of Quilmes, the National University of General San Martín, and the University of San Andrés. Abal Medina published an extensive bibliography, beginning with their 2001 study of electoral history in Argentina, El federalismo electoral argentino, as well as articles in numerous political science journals.
Political career
They entered public service in 2000 as Director of the National Public Administration Institute under President Fernando de la Rúa, and in 2001 was appointed Political and Legislative Director for Buenos Aires Mayor Aníbal Ibarra, later serving Ibarra as Director of Strategic Planning from 2003 to 2005. They were appointed Undersecretary of Public Management, a presidential advisory position, by Néstor Kirchner in October 2005, and in December 2007, was promoted to the post of Secretary of the same office by Kirchner's wife and successor, Cristina Kirchner. They were given the additional post of Assistant Chief of the Cabinet of Ministers in August 2008.
The latter appointment coincided with the President's replacement of Alberto Fernández for Sergio Massa at the powerful Cabinet Chief's post. The administration had suffered an unexpected political defeat at the height of the 2008 Argentine government conflict with the agricultural sector, when a hike in export tariffs failed in the Argentine Senate by one vote. Abal Medina had become among the staunchest supporters of Kirchnerism, and Abal Medina's promotion within the Casa Rosada was seen by local political observers as both a validation of their skill as a political strategist during a time of retrenchment, as well as the emergence of a potential leader for the party's future.
Abal Medina served concurrently as congressional political adviser to Néstor Kirchner after the latter's election to the Lower House in 2009, as well as during Kirchner's tenure as Secretary General of UNASUR. Kirchner's death in October 2010 would be followed by their adviser's appointment as Communications Secretary by President Cristina Kirchner in January 2011. The post made them the chief spokesperson for the President, and gave them aegis over the public relations offices of other important government bureaus. These included the Social Security and Revenue Agencies, as well as the President's new media initiative Fútbol para Todos ("Football for All"), a USD$170 million programs for the free broadcast of association football matches in Argentina.
In 2011, President Cristina Fernández de Kirchner named Abal Medina as Cabinet Chief for their newly elected term to replace Aníbal Fernández, who was elected to a seat in the Argentine Senate.
In 2012, Medina and National Treasury Attorney Angelina Abbona filed a complaint against judge Luis Antonio Armella, head of Federal Court No. 1 of Quilmes, because a group of companies linked to them had obtained valuable contracts for the cleanup of the Matanza River basin without bidding.
Bibliography
El federalismo electoral argentino. Sobrerrepresentación, reforma política y gobierno dividido en la Argentina (EUDEBA, 2001), with Ernesto Calvo.
El asedio a la política. Los partidos latinoamericanos en la era neoliberal (Homo Sapiens, 2002), with Marcelo Cavarozzi.
Los partidos políticos: ¿un mal necesario? (Claves para Todos, 2004).
Muerte y Resurrección de la Representación Política (Fondo De Cultura Económica, 2004).
Los senderos de la nueva izquierda partidaria (Prometeo, 2006).
Evaluando el desempeño democrático de las instituciones políticas argentinas (Prometeo, 2007).
Participación y Control ciudadanos: el funcionamiento de los mecanismos institucionales electorales y societales de accountability vertical en la Argentina (UBACyT/UNSAM/FIDENTIA, 2007), with Marcelo Cavarozzi.
References
External links
Secretaría de Comunicación Pública
Jefatura de Gabinete de Ministros
1968 births
Argentine political scientists
Argentine political writers
Argentine male writers
Chiefs of Cabinet of Ministers of Argentina
Living people
Members of the Argentine Senate for Buenos Aires Province
University of Buenos Aires alumni
University of Buenos Aires faculty
Writers from Buenos Aires
Spelaeornis, the typical wren-babblers, is a bird genus in the family Timaliidae. Among this group, the typical wren-babblers are quite closely related to the type species, the chestnut-capped babbler (Timalia pileata). One species that was earlier placed in the genus, the spotted elachura has been removed to a genus of its own Elachura and placed in a separate family.
Species
It contains the following species:
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70 – 291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
External links
Timaliidae
Old World babblers
Bird genera
Taxa named by Armand David
Taxa named by Émile Oustalet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Bob Joseph is a member of the Gwawa'enuk Nation, and is a hereditary chief of the Gayaxala clan. Joseph grew up in Campbell River, BC and lives in Qualicum Beach, B.C.  They are an author and Indigenous relations trainer, whose book 21 Things You May Not Know About the Indian Act was the 10th best-selling Canadian book of 2019 and the 6th best-selling of 2020.
Career
Joseph is the founder and president of Indigenous Corporate Training Inc., an Indigenous relations firm. They have been an associate professor at Royal Roads University, and a guest lecturer at other academic institutions.
Bibliography
21 Things You May Not Know About the Indian Act. (2018). ISBN 978-0995266520. Port Coquitlam, BC: Indigenous Relations Press.
Indigenous Relations Insight, Tips & Suggestions To Make Reconciliation A Reality. (2019). ISBN 978-1989025642. Port Coquitlam, BC: Indigenous Relations Press.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century First Nations writers
Kwakwaka'wakw people
Writers from British Columbia
21st-century Canadian non-fiction writers
21st-century Canadian male writers
Canadian male non-fiction writers
An urban town is a proposed classification for towns in the state of Wisconsin, similar to the urban townships of Minnesota and Ohio. The concept, originally proposed in 2001, as AB501, limited the classification to towns with over 7,500 people. The proposal has gained support from such organizations as the Wisconsin Towns Association. The impetus that originally spawned the concept of urban towns was an effort to stem annexation of urbanized areas in unincorporated area by cities and villages across county lines. Obtaining "urban town" status effectively freezes the town's boundaries. While urban towns would have substantially greater zoning and regulatory rights than "rural towns", the status would not confer "incorporated" status on the municipality, freeing them from several responsibilities incumbent upon incorporated municipal governments, thus distinguishing them from the incorporated towns of Illinois.
In the time since the idea was originally proposed, many of the towns that would have been affected have since incorporated, but 2004 population estimates indicate that a number of towns that would have been ineligible in 2001, now are. As of March 2007, the eligible include:
Delafield (town), Wisconsin (Waukesha County)
Genesee, Wisconsin (Waukesha County)
Grand Chute, Wisconsin (Outagamie County)
Grand Rapids, Wisconsin (Wood County)
Greenville, Wisconsin (Outagamie County)
Harrison, Calumet County, Wisconsin
Lisbon, Waukesha County, Wisconsin
Menasha (town), Wisconsin (Winnebago County)
Merton (town), Wisconsin (Waukesha County)
Norway, Wisconsin (Racine County)
Oconomowoc (town), Wisconsin (Waukesha County)
Rib Mountain, Wisconsin (Marathon County)
Salem, Kenosha County, Wisconsin
Somers, Wisconsin (Kenosha County)
Springfield, Dane County, Wisconsin
Waukesha (town), Wisconsin (Waukesha County)
If current trends continue, over a dozen other towns will fit the population requirements by the 2010 census.
Notes
Urban
Types of administrative division
A struck jury is a multi-step process of selecting a jury from a pool. First potential jurors are eliminated for hardship. Second jurors are eliminated for cause by conducting voir dire until there is a pool available that is exactly the size of the final jury (including required alternates) plus the number of peremptory challenges available to each side. Then the two sides exercise their peremptory challenges on the remaining pool, usually alternating. This procedure "has its roots in ancient common law heritage".
Commentators have offered the following (and other) advantages of a struck jury over a "strike and replace" jury:
It is capable of producing a less biased jury than the alternative;
There is no reason to hold back on use of peremptories because lawyers have full knowledge of who will remain on the panel;
Remedying an alleged Batson violation is easier, since court and counsel can view all the strikes and a ruling can be made before any juror is excused.
Alternative use
In older usage, and still in some jurisdictions a struck jury entails the formation of a jury pool of men who possess special qualifications to judge of the facts of a case. This was a common provision in U.S. insanity cases in the late 19th century. This usage is more often called a special jury. It derives in part from the nomenclature in use in England in the 18th century.
United Kingdom
England
There were four different non-standard types of jury in England while operating under common law. The first three were first recognized by Parliament in 1730 under the general term "special jury". The fourth was known by the Latin phrase jury de medietate linguae.
These were:
The gentleman jury – men of high social or economic status,
The struck jury – principal landowners selected from a list of forty-eight names,
The professional jury – members of special knowledge or expertise, and
The party jury – a jury for defendants at special risk of suffering prejudice that included either only or half individuals of the same race, sex, religion, or origin.
The special jury was used most extensively from 1770 to 1790, roughly during Lord Mansfield's tenure as Lord Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench, and declined thereafter. The first statutory requirements for special jurors were introduced in the County Juries Act of 1825, which required such jurors to be merchants, bankers, esquires, or persons of higher degree. The special jury was eliminated in 1949, excepting the City of London special jury that remained available until 1971 for commercial trials in the King's Bench Division of the High Court of Justice. The last case using a special jury occurred in London in 1950.
The jury de medietate linguae were abolished in the Naturalization Act 1870, which also gave foreigners the right to serve on juries.
United States
This method may be used in many U.S. states. In some states it may be used for both criminal and civil cases, in other states for only one of the two kinds. In at least the state of Washington, it is the default method of choosing a jury. Some courts of appeals in the U.S. have determined that a struck jury offers greater opportunity to shape the final jury than the more common "sequential" (also known as "strike and replace" or "jury box") method, where peremptory challenges can only be issued against those jurors already seated, with no knowledge of the replacement.
The use of this system in murder cases, when properly enabled by statute, was held by the Supreme Court of the United States to be constitutional in Brown v. New Jersey, .
Some methods of implementing a struck jury have handled waived challenges by eliminating the last identified member of the juror pool. In discrimination cases, this has been treated as identical to specifically challenging that juror. As a result, the now preferred method of handling waived challenges is to let the other side finish its challenges and then randomly eliminate jurors to get to the number needed.
New Zealand
In New Zealand, the special jury has become obsolete and is no longer used. The need to provide special expertise through selection of jurors was eliminated by the introduction of expert witnesses, expert advisors to the judge, and administrative tribunals. The jury de medietate linguae from English common law was used for cases where a Māori was accused of a crime until it was abolished in 1961.
Major or famous cases
King v. Zenger, 1735
In 1735, John Peter Zenger, a newspaper publisher, was arrested and tried for libel against the governor of New York, which was then a colony of England. Their first two lawyers were disbarred for attempting to turn the trial into an indictment of the governor. The judge appointed as lawyer John Chambers, who was a placeman of the governor. They then moved for a struck jury. The first panel created was not properly prepared by the clerk out of the book of potential jurors, and was overturned by the judges before use. The second was properly prepared, but the clerk or sheriff subsequently reordered the names to put a partisan of the governor as the supervisor, which was also overturned. After the local attorney completed the process of getting an unbiased jury, Andrew Hamilton took over the defense, and won an acquittal on the grounds that the printed statements were true. Based on the law at the time, this was also an example of jury nullification.
References
Common law
Juries
Gleason House may refer to:
in the United States (by state then city or town)
William H. Gleason House, Melbourne, Florida, listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in Brevard County
F. C. Gleason House, Jerome, Idaho, listed on the NRHP in Jerome County
Belvidere (West Roxbury, Massachusetts), a former house in West Roxbury neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts, home of Frederick Gleason
Bacon-Gleason-Blodgett Homestead, Bedford, Massachusetts, NRHP-listed in Middlesex County
Dr. Edward Francis Gleason House, Barnstable, Massachusetts, NRHP-listed in Barnstable County
James Gleason Cottage, Southbridge, Massachusetts, NRHP-listed in Worcester County
Lucius Gleason House, Liverpool, New York, NRHP-listed in Onondaga County
Round Rock Hill, Peekskill, New York, a home of Jackie Gleason
Edmund Gleason House, Valley View, Ohio, also known as Edmund Gleason Farm, listed on the NRHP in Cuyahoga County
Abell-Gleason House, Charlottesville, Virginia, listed on the NRHP
Hotel Gleason/Albemarle Hotel, Imperial Cafe, Charlottesville, Virginia, listed on the NRHP
See also
Gleason Building (disambiguation)
Gleason Publishing Hall, a historic former building and a publishing company associated with Frederick Gleason
Whitehill-Gleason Motors, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, listed on the NRHP in Pittsburgh
A slosh baffle is a device used to dampen the adverse effects of liquid slosh in a tank. Slosh baffles have been implemented in a variety of applications including tanker trucks, and liquid rockets, although any moving tank containing liquid may employ them.
Baffle rings
Baffle rings are rigid rings placed within the inside of a tank to retard the flow of liquid between sections. The location and orifice size of the rings yield varying performance for a given application.
References
Fluid dynamics
Chandikhole is a place in Jajpur district, Odisha, India. The place has been named after Goddess "Chandi" worshipped by late monk Baba Bhairabananda Bramhachari who established the deity of Maa Chandi in one of the adjoining hills of Barunei full of dense forest and ferocious animals in 1932. It is also one of the industrial hubs of Odisha. Chandikhol has been selected for the establishment of one of Strategic Petroleum Reserve (India) location.
Geography
It is located in the Jajpur District of Odisha.
Location
Chandikhole is one of the end points of National Highway 200, the other end being Raipur. National Highway 16 passes through Chandikhole.
Nearest airport is Biju Patnaik Airport at Bhubaneswar, which is at a distance of about 70 km. It is an extremely strategic location in terms of commerce as it acts as a junction between Kalinganagar, Cuttack, Bhadrak and Paradeep.
The nearest town is Jaraka which is 12 km away from this place.
See also
Mahavinayak Temple
Jaraka
References
External links
Map of Jajpur district with Chandikhole marked
Cities and towns in Jajpur district
Burqan (, also Romanized as Būrqān; also known as Bāzīkūn, Borqān, and Buzqān) is a village in Farmahin Rural District, in the Central District of Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 290, in 85 families.
References
Populated places in Farahan County
Harding is an unincorporated community in Tift County, in the U.S. state of Georgia.
History
A post office called Harding was established in 1896, and remained in operation until 1901. According to tradition, the toponym Harding is a transfer from Massachusetts.
References
Unincorporated communities in Tift County, Georgia
John Fair "Jocko" Marcellino (born May 12, 1950) is an American singer, musician, songwriter, producer and actor best known as one of the founders of the American rock and roll group Sha Na Na. They performed with Sha Na Na at the original Woodstock Festival, in the movie Grease and on their eponymous syndicated TV show.
Early life
Marcellino was born in Quincy, Massachusetts, and raised in Braintree, the fifth of six children. Their younger sister is "Cheese Nun" Noella Marcellino.
They began drumming at age 7 and formed their first band, The Miltones from Milton, Massachusetts, at age 13. At 17, they joined The Pilgrims with saxophonist Lennie Baker, whom they later recruited for Sha Na Na.
They were also an all conference and all state football player at Archbishop Williams High School in Braintree.
College years
They attended Columbia University as member of the class of 1972. During their first-year student year at the age of 19, a group of students and Marcellino formed Sha Na Na. In the summer of 1969, Marcellino performed with Sha Na Na at Woodstock, only the group's eighth performance. In between performances around the world, Marcellino earned a B.A. from Columbia University and later a master's degree in drama from New York University.
Later years
Marcellino has continued to tour approximately fifty shows a year for the last forty-five years with Sha Na Na joined by co-founder Donny York and long-term member Screamin' Scott Simon, occasionally performing with their nephew-in-law Dave Grohl.
Marcellino's acting credits include television's Veronica Mars, NYPD Blue, Ally McBeal, The Tiger Woods Story, Herman's Head, Good Advice, 18 Wheels of Justice, The Invisible Man, Amazing Stories, and It's Garry Shandling's Show. They also acted in the films Rain Man, National Security and Hot to Trot. Marcellino has also written and performed songs for the films Rain Man, That's Life and Night of the Comet; and television shows Law & Order: Special Victims Unit, The Office, Terriers, Castle, Kath & Kim, Parks and Recreation, Golden Boy, Once Upon a Time and ESPN's Monday Countdown. They also tour with their side rhythm and blues band "Jocko and the Rockets".
Personal life
They live with their wife in La Jolla, California.
References
External links
Jocko Marcellino Interview - NAMM Oral History Library (2016)
1950 births
Living people
Sha Na Na members
Tisch School of the Arts alumni
People from Quincy, Massachusetts
Musicians from Massachusetts
People from Braintree, Massachusetts
American actors
Songwriters from Massachusetts
People from La Jolla, San Diego
Columbia College (New York) alumni
New York University alumni
A by-election was held for the New South Wales Legislative Assembly electorate of Bulli on 9 July 1955 because of the death of Laurie Kelly ().
Dates
Result
Laurie Kelly () died. Preferences were not distributed.
See also
Electoral results for the district of Bulli
List of New South Wales state by-elections
References
New South Wales state by-elections
1955 elections in Australia
1950s in New South Wales
José Álava (born 26 June 1940) is a Spanish former sports shooter. They competed in the 25 metre pistol event at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
1940 births
Living people
Spanish male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Spain
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
People from Vitoria-Gasteiz
The Junior women's race at the 2015 IAAF World Cross Country Championships was held at the Guiyang horse racing circuit in Guiyang, China, on March 28, 2015. Reports of the event were given for the IAAF.
Complete results for individuals, and for teams were published.
Race results
Junior women's race (6 km)
Individual
Teams
Note: Athletes in parentheses did not score for the team result.
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 100 athletes from 28 countries participated in the Junior women's race.
See also
2015 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Senior men's race
2015 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Junior men's race
2015 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Senior women's race
References
Junior women's race at the World Athletics Cross Country Championships
IAAF World Cross Country Championships
2015 in women's athletics
2015 in youth sport
Rockland is an unincorporated community in Warren County, in the U.S. state of Kentucky.
History
A post office called Rockland was established in 1875, and remained in operation until 1916. The community was named for a rock outcropping near the original town site.
References
Unincorporated communities in Warren County, Kentucky
Unincorporated communities in Kentucky
William Crittenden Mooney (June 15, 1855 – July 24, 1918) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio. Their parents were Colonel Samuel L. Mooney, a major figure in the development of Monroe County, and Martha Kirkpatrick.
Early life
Born in Beallsville, Ohio, Mooney attended public school in town until their family moved to Woodsfield in 1862, at which time they attended Woodsfield Schools. After high school they attended Ohio Wesleyan College at Delaware. They became a bookkeeper with Taylor & Armstrong in Bellaire. They worked at that position for two years when, in 1894 they engaged in banking at Monroe Bank, which was chartered by their father. Mooney started as a clerk and moved their way up to teller and cashier, when in 1898, they were appointed as Vice President. At the same time they were appointed on the O.R.& W. Railway board of directors.
Adulthood
Mooney married Elizabeth Davenport (May 10, 1856 - August 2, 1946) during this time, and was soon appointed to the Ohio Republican Executive Committee and as chairperson of the County Republican Central Committee. They also began their long tenure as President and Treasurer of the Monroe County Agricultural Society. Mooney built and occupied their mansion house on Paul Street. When the courthouse burned down in 1905, they were appointed as one of the five-member Courthouse Commission charged with rebuilding the courthouse.
Congressional Years
Mooney was elected as a Republican to the Sixty-fourth Congress (March 4, 1915 – March 3, 1917). They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1916 to the Sixty-fifth Congress. They again engaged in banking at Monroe Bank as President.
Death
They died in at the age of 63 in New York City on July 24, 1918. Mooney was ill prior to their death and died within 24 hours. They were interred in Oaklawn Cemetery in Woodsfield.
References
1855 births
1918 deaths
People from Beallsville, Ohio
Ohio Wesleyan University alumni
American bankers
19th-century American politicians
People from Woodsfield, Ohio
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American businesspeople
The Aylesford Press was a book publishing company based in Upton, Cheshire, England.
References
Book publishing companies of England
Companies based in Chester
The Royal College Choir is one of the oldest college choirs in Sri Lanka. Established formally as the choir of Royal College Colombo in 1955, it could trace its roots far beyond and has a history of over 90 years.
History
The Royal College Choir traces its roots to its origins as a church choir at St. Paul's Chapel in the mid 19th century. In 1919 the Royal College Music Society (now the Western Music Society) was formed under of Major H.L. Reed, MC the Principle of Royal College. The choir formed by the society under the guidance of Mrs. H. L. Reed and R. C. Edwards, won the Meaden Shield in the 1920. The formal Royal College Choir was established in 1955 which continues to this day.
Composers
Kala Suri Dilup Gabadamudalige
Notable former members
Ranidu Lankage
External links
Official site
Royal College presents ‘Festival of Choirs 2011'
Boys' and men's choirs
Choir
Choir
Musical groups established in 1955
1955 establishments in Ceylon
The year 1573 in science and technology included many events, some of which are listed here.
Astronomy
Tycho Brahe publishes De Stella Nova.
Medicine
Publication of the Chirurgia Magna of Paracelsus, a translation into Latin of their work on surgery, Die grosse Wundartzney (1536), in Basel, allowing its wider dissemination throughout Europe.
Births
January 10 – Simon Marius, German astronomer who named the Galilean moons of Jupiter (died 1624)
July 25 – Christoph Scheiner, German astronomer who observed sunspots (died 1650)
September 28 – Théodore de Mayerne, Swiss-born physician (died 1655)
Deaths
April 29 – Guillaume Le Testu, French privateer, explorer and cartographer (born c. 1509)
July 29 – John Caius, English physician and benefactor (born 1510)
References
16th century in science
1570s in science
Eretz Yisrael Shelanu (, lit., Land of Israel is Ours) is a far-right religious party in Israel. Founded by Chabad Rabbi Shalom Dov Wolpo and Baruch Marzel on 11 November 2008, it seeks to prevent both the creation of a Palestinian state and the dismantling of Israeli settlements in the West Bank.
History
In 2008, in anticipation of the 2009 Knesset elections, Wolpe and their party merged with Baruch Marzel's Jewish National Front. The Knesset list was topped by Wolpe, Marzel, and Israeli musician Ariel Zilber. In the weeks prior to the election, the joint list agreed to run as part of the National Union list, with Michael Ben-Ari, its representative, taking the 4th spot on the alliance's list. The Union won four seats, allowing Ben-Ari to enter the Knesset.
On 27 October 2010, violence broke out at the town of Umm al-Fahm between Eretz Yisrael Shelanu marchers and Arab counter-protesters.
In 2012, Ben-Ari and Aryeh Eldad of Hatikva, another member party of the National Union, announced their decision to leave the alliance and form Otzma LeYisrael. Ben-Ari left Eretz Yisrael Shelanu, and formed Otzma Yehudit and leading up to the 2013 Knesset elections, party leader Rabbi Shalom Dov Wolpo announced their support of HaBayit HaYehudi. Subsequently, leading Haredi rabbis Ya'akov Yosef and David Meir Drukman announced cessation of support of Eretz Yisrael Shelanu.
In April 2019 Knesset elections, Rafi Levengrond - father of a murder victim in Barkan shooting terror attack Kim Levengrond-Yehezkel, used the party as a 'Shelf Party' to run their own list for the Knesset. In the September 2019 Knesset elections Avi Yalou used the party as a 'shelf party' to run for the Knesset with their own list called "Tsedek" ("Justice" in Hebrew).
Leaders
Election results
References
2008 establishments in Israel
Orthodox Jewish political parties
Far-right political parties in Israel
Political parties established in 2008
Defunct political parties in Israel
Religious Zionist political parties in Israel
Conservative parties in Israel
Social conservative parties
Mauro Bettin (born 21 December 1968) is an Italian former professional racing cyclist. They rode in two editions of the Tour de France, three editions of the Giro d'Italia and one edition of the Vuelta a España.
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
Italian male cyclists
Italian mountain bikers
Cyclists from the Province of Treviso
Tour de Suisse stage winners
Hosemann is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Delbert Hosemann (born 1947), American politician
Marc Hosemann (born 1970), German actor
Theodor Hosemann (1807–1875), German genre painter, draftsman, illustrator, and caricaturist
The Newberry Wolves are the athletic teams that represent Newberry College, located in Newberry, South Carolina, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports.
The Wolves compete as members of the South Atlantic Conference for twenty of twenty-two varsity sports; the remaining two sports, field hockey and wrestling compete in the South Atlantic Conference Carolinas. Erskine will add Women's Triathlon in 2021.
History
In August 2005, Newberry College was placed on a watch list by the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA), along with 17 other schools, which deemed the use of "Indians" as hostile and abusive, and prohibited the use of Native American nicknames, mascots and imagery in postseason competition. In September 2005, Newberry College appealed to be removed from the list of schools which were declared unable to host postseason play on the basis that none of the institution's uses of "Indians" were hostile and/or abusive toward Native Americans. The next month, the NCAA rejected Newberry's appeal. On May 7, 2008 Newberry's Athletic Department officially retired the nickname "Indians" from all of the school's 15 NCAA athletic teams. The college used their "Block N" logo for Newberry College's athletic teams until June 7, 2010 when Newberry's Athletic Director, Brad Edwards, announced that the school had decided on a new nickname for its athletic teams. Effective from that day, Newberry College athletic teams (men's and women's) would be known as the "Wolves."
Varsity teams
List of teams
Men's sports
Baseball
Basketball
Cross Country
Football
Golf
Lacrosse
Soccer
Tennis
Track and Field
Wrestling
Women's sports
Basketball
Cross Country
Field Hockey
Golf
Lacrosse
Soccer
Softball
Tennis
Track and field
Volleyball
Individual programs
Football
Newberry's football team won their first South Atlantic Conference Championship in the 2006 season. The team finished with a 10–1 record in the regular season, losing only in their last game ever against their rival, Presbyterian College. The team also won a first-round game in their first ever post season appearance in Division II football.
Conference champions (2006, 2008, 2016, 2021)
NCAA tournament appearances(2006, 2013, 2015, 2016, 2021)
Wrestling
Begun in 2004, the Newberry College wrestling program was founded by former head coach Jason Valek, who resigned at the end of the 2015-16 season. In their twelve years as coach, Valek led the program to eight top 20 finishes at the NCAA Division II Football Championships.
References
External links
Fabrizio De Angelis is an Italian director, screenwriter and producer.
Life and career
Born in Rome, De Angelis started their career in the 1970s as a producer of genre films, often collaborating with Lucio Fulci, Joe D'Amato, Enzo G. Castellari and Umberto Lenzi. In 1983 they adopted the stage name Larry Ludman and debuted as director and screenwriter with the action film Thunder Warrior, whose success led to two sequels. They got another major success with Il ragazzo del kimono d'oro (aka Karate Warrior), a ripoff of The Karate Kid which generated six films and a TV miniseries, all written, produced and directed by De Angelis.
Selected filmography
Notes
References
External links
20th-century Italian people
Italian film directors
Italian screenwriters
Living people
Italian film producers
Horror film directors
Italian male screenwriters
Year of birth missing (living people)
Statistics of Latvian Higher League in the 1978 season.
Overview
It was contested by 14 teams, and Kimikis won the championship.
League standings
References
RSSSF
Latvian SSR Higher League
Football
Latvia
Ling Yingzhen (, 20 July 1913 – 8 September 1981) was a Chinese politician. They were among the first group of women elected to the Legislative Yuan in 1948.
Biography
Originally from Shanghai County, Ling graduated from the University of Shanghai and worked as an advisor at the Ministry of Social Affairs.
A member of the Central Women's Trade Union, Ling was elected to the Legislative Yuan as a representative of women's trade unions in the 1948 elections. They relocated to Taiwan during the Chinese Civil War, where they remained a member of the Legislative Yuan until their death in 1981.
References
1913 births
University of Shanghai alumni
Chinese civil servants
20th-century Chinese women politicians
Members of the 1st Legislative Yuan
Members of the 1st Legislative Yuan in Taiwan
1981 deaths
FinecoBank S.p.A., known as FinecoBank or just Fineco is an Italian bank that specializes in online brokerage. Launched in 1999 with its Fineco Online service for retail traders, Fineco became a listed company in 2014 and has been independent from UniCredit banking group since 2019.
FinecoBank is a constituent of FTSE MIB (since 2016), the blue chip index of the Borsa Italiana. Since 2015 it has over a million customers in Italy, where its role has been compared to that of Schwab in the USA.
History
Predecessors
The predecessor of Fineco was a financial institution known as GI-FIN S.r.l. in 1982 and then GI-FIN S.p.A. from October 1982. In 1983, the institution was incorporated as Istituto per le Cessioni del Quinto S.p.A. (ICQ), which later known as Novara ICQ S.p.A. and then ICQ Banca Cisalpina S.p.A.. ICQ Banca Cisalpina was a subsidiary of Banca Popolare di Novara (BP Novara). In 1990–91, BP Novara owned 51.21% shares of ICQ Banca Cisalpina. ICQ Banca Cisalpina was also a listed company, which was delisted in 1996 by its new owner Banca Popolare di Brescia (Bipop).
In 1999, Bipop merged with Cassa di Risparmio di Reggio Emilia (Carire) to form Bipop Carire. As of 1990, Banca Popolare di Brescia also partially owned the namesakes Fin-Eco Leasing (33.33%) and Fin-Eco Factoring (30%). As of 1994, Bipop owned the asupervisorstioned companies via an intermediate holding company Fin-Eco Holding. The Holding also owned another subsidiary Fin-Eco SIM. Bipop also attempted to acquire another namesake Cisalpina Gestioni in 1994.
After the 1999 merger, the banking group re-organized ICQ Banca Cisalpina as well as Fin-Eco Leasing and Fin-Eco Factoring.
FinecoBank
ICQ Banca Cisalpina was renamed to "Fin-Eco Banca ICQ S.p.A." (Banca Fin-Eco in short) in 1999, which was considered as the launch date of the current Fineco. In 2002, Bipop Carire and Fineco became part of Capitalia banking group. In 2007, Capitalia was absorbed into UniCredit banking group, while Fineco was kept as a separate subsidiary.
In 2014 FinecoBank started its initial public offering. In 2016 UniCredit sold a further 30% shares to public market. In May 2019, UniCredit sold another 17% shares of FinecoBank. As UniCredit owned 18% shares of FinecoBank after the transaction, FinecoBank is no longer an associate company of UniCredit.
In 2020, Fineco decided to spend 7 million euros on a marketing campaign to grow its services in UK, whose launch was authorised earlier in the same year.
FinecoBank Banca Fineco serves customers in the United Kingdom and Italy.
UniCredit sold its remaining stake in FinecoBank in 2019.
References
External links
FinecoBank on Facebook
FinecoBank on LinkedIn
Banks of Italy
UniCredit Group
Capitalia Group
Companies listed on the Borsa Italiana
Italian companies established in 1999
Banks established in 1999
Online financial services companies of Italy
Online financial services companies of the United Kingdom
Online brokerages
Swindlehurst is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Dave Swindlehurst (born 1956), English footballer
Lee Swindlehurst (born 1960), American electrical engineer
Owen Swindlehurst (1928–1995), British bishop
Thomas Swindlehurst, British tug of war competitor
Beringer's Lying Stones (Lügensteine) are pieces of limestone which were carved into the shape of various fictitious animals and "discovered" in 1725 by Professor Johann Bartholomeus Adam Beringer (1667-1740), Dean of the Faculty of Medicine at the University of Würzburg. Beringer believed them to be fossils, and because some of them bore the name of God in Hebrew, suggested that they might be of divine origin. They published a book on their findings but shortly after discovered that they had been the victim of a hoax. They took the hoaxers to court and won the case but their reputation was forever besmirched.
Background
Johann Bartholomew Adam Beringer born in 1667, son of a German physician Ludwig Behringer. Beringer held high positions including chief physician to the Julian Hospital and Dean of the Faculty of Medicine at the University. In addition to all this, they took an interest in oryctics (things dug from the earth). They had hired Christian Zänger (aged 17), and the brothers, Niklaus and Valentin Hehn (aged 18 and 14) to help them search for unusual rocks around Würzburg in 1725. A professor of geography at the university J. Ignace Roderique, Johann Georg von Eckhart, librarian to the university and a local Baron von Hof decided to prank the professor as they were considered arrogant. Roderick had figures carved in limestone and had them planted through one of Beringer's assistants. To some of these stones, they added inscriptions such as the Hebrew name of God in Latin, Arabic, and Hebrew characters. They planted these stones on Mount Eibelstadt where Beringer and their assistants frequently went to search for fossils. Beringer began to find many such rocks and without suspecting them began to document them. The hoaxers carved fragments of limestone into shapes of animals such as lizards, frogs, and spiders on their webs.
Beringer published a book with illustrations of their findings Lithographiae Wirceburgensis (1726). Shortly after the book went into print, they realized that they had been duped and took legal action against Roderique and von Eckhart and won the case. The two were removed from their positions at the university and Roderiique was banished from Würzburg but Beringer's reputation was forever destroyed. Eckhart lost their post and privileges to use the library and archives. This hampered their own historical research, which was left unfinished at their death. The stones became known as Lügensteine, or "lying stones". Some of the stones have survived to the present and a few are now on display at the Oxford University Museum, and Teylers Museum in the Netherlands.
In their book Beringer examined multiple hypotheses to explain the origin of the stones including that they were the remains of former life forms, formed inorganically, vis plastica, by special creative forces of divine nature or the "capricious fabrications of God". They also considered the possibility that they were the carvings of prehistoric pagans, but they had to rule this out since pagans had no knowledge of the name of God. The idea that they were impressions of former living forms was supported in their time by the belief of the Biblical flood. Some critics had pointed out chisel marks on the rocks and Beringer noted that:
...the figures...are so exactly fitted to the dimensions of the stones, that one would swear that they are the work of a very meticulous sculptor...[and they] seem to bear unmistakable indications of the sculptor's knife... One would swear that they discerned in many of them the strokes of a knife gone awry, and superfluous gouges in several directions.
However, this evidence of sculpting only convinced them more strongly that the chisel was wielded by the hand of God.
Some of the court transcript still exists, and in the testimony the hoaxers make clear that they did indeed want to discredit Beringer, because, they said, "he was so arrogant and despised us all". A 2005 book suggests that Roderique may not have been responsible for the fabrications of the fossil since Roderique was posted to the University of Würzburg only on 11 December 1725 and was in Münster when the stones were found in the summer of 1725. The authors suggested that Beringer themselves may have been responsible for the fraud. Beringer spent many years recovering copies of their book. A second printing of their book was made in 1767, well after their death and it was translated into English in 1963.
References
Further reading
Pain, Stephani (25 December 2004). "Histories: Johann Beringer and the fraudulent fossils". New Scientist.
Kelber, K.-P.; Okrusch, M. (2006). "Die geologische Erforschung und Kartierung des Würzburger Stadtgebietes von den Anfängen bis 1925". Mainfränkische Hefte 105. pp. 71–115. Würzburg.
Jahn, Melvin E.; Woolf, Daniel J. (1963). The lying stones of Dr. Johann Bartholomew Adam Beringer: being their Lithographiæ Wirceburgensis. University of California Press. Translation of: Beringer, Johann; Hueber, George Ludwig (1726). Lithographiæ Wirceburgensis. Würzburg.
External links
Drawings of the "fossils" in Beringer's book
Lithographiæ Wirceburgensis (Latin), Beringer's book, online at the University of Bologna.
Lithographiæ Wirceburgensis - full digital facsimile from the Linda Hall Library
Archaeological forgeries
Hoaxes in Germany
18th-century hoaxes
University of Würzburg
Hoaxes in science
Llion Iwan is a Welsh journalist, documentary producer, and author.
They work through the medium of both Welsh and English.  They are the son of politician and singer Dafydd Iwan.
They worked for the North Wales Weekly News before joining the BBC where they worked variously as a journalist, producer and director.
They lectured in journalism and documentary film at Bangor University.
From 2012–2016 they were factual content commissioner for S4C, and was Head of Content Distribution until 2018.
In 2019 they joined Cwmni Da, an independent production company based in Caernarfon.
They live in the village of Caeathro near Caernarfon.
Television work
Their television work, much of which relates to the outdoors and adventure, includes:
Ellen MacArthur, Search For Speed, BBC1, (Producer /Director)
Stradey Stories, ITV1, Director.
Berzerk in Antarctica, BBC1, (Producer)
Life On Land, BBC1, (Producer)
Alpau Eric Jones, S4C, Director.
Everest, Getting to the Bottom of a Mountain, BBC2/4, (Assistant Producer)
Sailing Through Heaven and Hell, BBC1, (Assistant Producer)
The Great Dog Race, BBC1, (Assistant Producer)
Fo, Fi a'r MC, S4C, Director.
Straeon o'r Strade, S4C, Director.
Drowning of a Village, BBC Wales, (Director)
Gwlad Menyg Gwynion, S4C, (Producer/Director)
In the Eye of the Storm, BBC1, (Assistant Producer)
The Man Who Jumped Beneath the Earth, BBC1 Wales, (Producer/Director)
Everest Diary, S4C, (Producer)
Feet on the Ground, S4C, (Producer)
Ice Challenger, BBC1, (Assistant Producer)
Leo Houlding, BBC1, (Assistant Producer)
Mr Sunset, Jeff Hakman story, BBC1, (Assistant Producer)
Scott Gibbs, Out On Their Own, BBC1 Wales, (Producer)
Re-Union, Pumas, BBC2 Wales, (Producer)
Re-Union, Wallabies, BBC2 Wales, (Producer)
Re-Union, The Friendly Islands, BBC2 Wales, (Producer)
Their awards include:
Winner the best director at the Grenoble Film Festival, 2004
Winner at Dijon Mountain Film festival, 2005
Winner, Best Regional Sport Documentary (Royal Television Society)
Special award Vancouver MFF 2004
Shortlisted at Banff MFF 2004.
Shortlisted for Best Director (Bafta Wales 2002, 2004, 2005)
Books
As an author they have had published:
"O Afallon i Shangri La" (from Avalon to Shangri La) (2001)
The trilogy
"Casglwr" (Collector) (2004)
"Lladdwr" (Killer) (2005)
"Euog" (Guilty) (2006)
Yr Anweledig (the invisible) (2008)
301, novel (2018) by Gomer.
Geraint Thomas, Y Cymro a'r Tour de France. (2018) Lolfa.
They have edited "Dafydd Iwan, A Life in Pictures" (2005)
and contributed to "Y Mynydd Hwn" (This Mountain) (2005) and "Cewri Campau Cymru" (1999).
References
External links
Profile
Documentary Award
Welsh-language novelists
Welsh male novelists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Winston Stanley (born 11 February 1989 in Brisbane, Australia) is an Australian-born Samoan former rugby union footballer who usually played as a centre and occasionally as a wing.
Stanley began their career in New Zealand, playing for in the ITM Cup between 2007 and 2011. During that time they also made 6 appearances for the in Super Rugby.
They moved back to their native Australia ahead of the 2012 Super Rugby season and signed for the Perth based Western Force. They made 11 appearances in their first season with the side and scored 2 tries.
Stanley was a member of the New Zealand Under 20 team that won the 2009 IRB Junior World Championship where they were later nominated for IRB junior player of the year losing out to Aaron Cruden.
Winston last played New Zealand club rugby for Dunedin Rugby Football Club.
Though born in Australia and represented the New Zealand Under-20s team, they represent Samoa at international level, making their debut against Italy on 8 November 2014 off the bench.
On 23 April 2015, Stanley moved to England to join Harlequins in the Aviva Premiership for the 2015–16 season.
On 20 March 2018, Stanley announced their immediate retirement from professional rugby due to injury.
Reference List
External links
Winston Stanley itsrugby.co.uk Player Statistics
Living people
1989 births
Auckland rugby union players
Australian emigrants to New Zealand
Blues (Super Rugby) players
Highlanders (rugby union) players
Rugby union centres
Rugby union players from Brisbane
Samoa international rugby union players
Sportsmen from Queensland
Winston
Western Force players
Qudsia Arshad () is a Pakistani politician who served as member of the National Assembly of Pakistan.
Political career
They were elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (N) on a seat reserved for women from Punjab in the 2008 Pakistani general election.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Parliamentary elections were held in Egypt on 23 March 1925. The elections saw the Wafd Party lose over half of its seats.
Results
References
Egypt
Elections in Egypt
1925 in Egypt
March 1925 events
Election and referendum articles with incomplete results
Stewart Forsyth (born 26 October 1961) is a Scottish footballer, who played for Arbroath, Dundee and Montrose.
External links
1961 births
Living people
Association football fullbacks
Scottish footballers
Arbroath F.C. players
Dundee F.C. players
Montrose F.C. players
Carnoustie Panmure F.C. players
Scottish Football League players
Kim Yeong-ok (born 4 March 1974) is a South Korean former basketball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics and in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
References
1974 births
Living people
South Korean women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of South Korea
Basketball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Gangwon Province, South Korea
Asian Games medalists in basketball
Basketball players at the 2002 Asian Games
Asian Games silver medalists for South Korea
Medalists at the 2002 Asian Games
Beijing Great Wall players
Heilongjiang Dragons players
South Korean expatriate basketball people
South Korean expatriate sportspeople in China
Expatriate basketball people in China
Vicki is a fictional character played by Maureen O'Brien in the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who. An orphan from the 25th century, they were a companion of the First Doctor and a regular in the programme in Seasons 2 and 3 in 1965. Them last name was never revealed during the series. Vicki appeared in 9 stories (38 episodes).
Appearances
Vicki first appears in the serial The Rescue (1965), a survivor of a spaceship crash on the planet Dido. They and fellow survivor Bennett are being menaced by the monstrous Koquillion when they meet the Doctor (William Hartnell) and their companions Ian (William Russell) and Barbara (Jacqueline Hill). They discover that Koquillion is actually Bennett, who had killed the crew of the spaceship, including Vicki's father. Still coping with their recent parting from their granddaughter Susan at the end of The Dalek Invasion of Earth, the Doctor invites the teenage girl to join the TARDIS crew.
Vicki is the one who persuades the Doctor to let Ian and Barbara use a Dalek time machine to return to their own time in The Chase. At the beginning of The Time Meddler, it is revealed that the refugee Steven Taylor (Peter Purves) had stowed away on the TARDIS at the end of The Chase, and they accompany Vicki and the Doctor.
Vicki eventually falls in love with the warrior Troilus when the TARDIS lands during the siege of Troy (The mythmakers). After making sure that Steven and the Doctor will be all right without her, they decide to remain with Troilus, eventually passing into legend as Cressida, the name given to them by King Priam. They ensure that the Trojan girl Katarina (Adrienne Hill) enters the TARDIS in their place.
Other media
Vicki appears in several spin-off short stories in the BBC Short Trips range. In "Apocrypha Bipedium" by Ian Potter, the Eighth Doctor - having convinced them that they are a later Doctor rather than a younger one as Vicki first believed due to their ignorance of Regeneration - advises them and Troilus to move to Cornwall to avoid the tragic conclusion to their story as related by William Shakespeare.
The Big Finish audio story Frostfire (2007) is told by an older Vicki living in Carthage, where they and Troilus traveled with Aeneas, had children and settled, although it is shown that they now regret their decision to stay in Troy. Frostfire portrays Vicki as somewhat lonely and isolated, conversing with a somewhat malevolent living cinder (a spark of the phoenix) because it is the only being with whom they can discuss their travels with the Doctor. Vicki also appears in The Suffering (2010) alongside Steven and The Rocket Men (2011) alongside Ian and Barbara. They also featured in the release titled The Dark Planet, which is an adaptation of an unmade story submitted for season two. Maureen O'Brien provided narration for these stories, aside from The Rocket Men, which was read by Russell. Vicki also appears with Steven and the Fifth Doctor in the audio The Secret History, when the Fifth Doctor swaps places with the First before a crucial adventure as part of a complex plan by the Monk.
Vicki appears in two First Doctor novels of the Virgin Missing Adventures range: The Plotters by Gareth Roberts (1996) alongside Ian and Barbara, and The Empire of Glass by Andy Lane (1995) alongside Steven and Irving Braxiatel. They appear with Ian and Barbara in the Past Doctor Adventures novels Byzantium! by Keith Topping (2001) and The Eleventh Tiger by David A. McIntee (2004). The latter states that their full name is Vicki Pallister.
Development
Vicki was the replacement for the Doctor's granddaughter, Susan (Carole Ann Ford), who was the first companion to leave Doctor Who; Ford was displeased with the lack of their character's development. In contrast to Susan, Vicki was conceived as an Earth orphan from the future; the production team considered many names from here, some of them odd like "Luckky" and "Tanni". Maureen O'Brien had just come out of drama school when they were cast; it was their first television acting job. Doctor Who is a creator Sydney Newman told O'Brien that they were considering having them cut their hair and dye it black. O'Brien refused, saying, "Why don't you just get Carole Ann Ford back?"
Reception
Reviewing The Time Meddler, Christopher Bahn of The A.V. Club wrote that Vicki was "more than just a replacement of Susan but an improvement on her", due to O'Brien being a "much more engaging and lively actor". Bahn also felt that Vicki was a "more effective conversational foil" to Steven than Susan would have been. Radio Times reviewer Mark Braxton praised the way Vicki takes control in The Space Museum, comparing them to later companion Sarah Jane Smith (Elisabeth Sladen). Despite this, Braxton felt that the character was "badly underused", though they wrote positively of how their departure was handled, and Braxton's colleague Patrick Mulkern wrote that Vicki showed "promise" in their first story but was "short-changed by subsequent writers".
References
External links
Vicki on the BBC's Doctor Who is a website
Doctor Who companions
Female characters in television
Orphan characters in television
Television characters introduced in 1965
Teenage characters in television
Martinus Fabri (died May 1400) was a North Netherlandish composer of the late 14th century.
Fabri was probably either from Flanders or the Netherlands, and lived near the end of the Middle Ages. The surname "Fabri" was probably a Latinization of a name like Smit, Smeets or perhaps Le Fèvre (all meaning "smith") . Little is known about their life. Apart from an undated mention of their name in the records of the church of St Donatian, Bruges, they are known to have been a singer at the court of Holland at The Hague from 1395 until their death in May 1400 . Of the three singers known to have been at the court in this time period, they were the only one known to have had a university degree . After their demise, several books of polyphonic music were bought from their estate by the Count of Holland for use in their chapel .
Of their compositions, only four complete pieces survive, all ballades. Two of these have French texts (Or se depart and N'ay je cause d'estre lies et joyeux) and are in the ars subtilior style, highly complex and mannered . Both are three-voice compositions, though there are two (incompatible) alternatives for the third voice in Or se depart—a triplum and a contratenor . The other two ballades are in Dutch (Eer ende lof heb d'aventuer and Een cleyn parabel), with a simpler syllabic style of setting . The Leiden manuscript in which all of Fabri's works are found also contains an incomplete ballade, Een cleyn parabel, the text of which describes a dilemma: the poet loves their lady and would like to marry her, but finds it difficult to accept their recently born child. This may be an autobiographical reference: Martinus Fabri had a son baptized in April 1396, and the godmother was Margaret of Cleves, Countess of Holland .
Recordings
2009 – En un gardin. Les quatre saisons de l'Ars Nova. Manuscrits de Stavelot, Mons, Utrecht, Leiden. Capilla Flamenca. MEW 0852. Contains a recording of "Eer ende lof" by Martinus Fabri.
2021 – Hollandse Fragmenten: Early Dutch Polyphony. Diskantores, Niels Berentsen. Muso MU042 . Contains three ballades by Martinus Fabri.
Sources
Year of birth unknown
1400 deaths
Ars subtilior composers
Dutch male classical composers
Dutch classical composers
Flemish composers
14th-century composers
Medieval male composers
Statistics of Latvian Higher League in the 1928 season.
Overview
It was contested by 5 teams, and Olimpija won the championship.
League standings
References
RSSSF
Latvian Higher League seasons
1
Latvia
Latvia
Below is the list of Kazakhstan related articles.
General
Geography
Mountains
Lakes
Rivers
Islands
Other land features
History
Politics government and law
Politicians
Demographics
Science and technology
Religion
Administrative divisions
Economy
Culture
Sports
Others
Kazakhstan
Kazakhstan
Marinimicrobia is a candidate phylum of bacteria, previously known as SAR406, MGA or Marine Group A. They have been found mainly at great depths such as the Challenger Deep, the Mariana Trench, and the Puerto Rico Trench. This phylum has a low representation in shallow pelagic samples and high abundance in deep samples. Although these bacteria are often associated with low dissolved oxygen environments, very little is known about their ecology and metabolic functions. Marinimicrobia form part of the FCB group along with other related bacterial phyla.
References
Bacteria phyla
The Schola Cantorum Basiliensis (SCB) is a music academy and research institution located in Basel, Switzerland, that focuses on early music and historically informed performance. Faculty at the school have organized performing ensembles that have made notable recordings of early music. One of the more popular of these is the 1994 album Chill to the Chant.
History
Paul Sacher founded the school in 1933. Influential faculty included August Wenzinger (cello and viola da gamba), Ina Lohr (violin), and Max Meili (vocal music). In 1954 the Schola merged with two other Basel music schools to form the City of Basel Music Academy.
Faculty
Among the school's other notable faculty members, past and present, are musicians from many countries. By nationality, they include:
Australia: keyboardist and conductor Geoffrey Lancaster
Belgium: countertenor and conductor René Jacobs
England: lutenist and ensemble leader Anthony Rooley; soprano Evelyn Tubb; viola da gambist Alison Crum
France: cellist and conductor Christophe Coin; flautist Marc Hantaï; conductor Dominique Vellard
Germany: flautist/recorder player and conductor Hans-Martin Linde; countertenor Andreas Scholl; tenor Gerd Türk; viola da gambist Veronica Hampe
Italy: organist Lorenzo Ghielmi, organist, harpsichordist and conductor Andrea Marcon; viola da gambist Paolo Pandolfo
Netherlands: cantor and conductor Jan Boeke; harpsichordist, organist and conductor Gustav Leonhardt; violinist Jaap Schröder; sackbuttist Charles Toet; cantor and gambist Henk Waardenburg; flautist, gambist and music therapist Wil Waardenburg.
Portugal: lutenist and conductor Manuel Morais
Spain: viola da gambist and conductor Jordi Savall
Switzerland: violinist and conductor Chiara Banchini; violist da gambist and cellist Hannelore Mueller; baritone Kurt Widmer
United States of America: bassoonist Donna Agrell, lutenists Hopkinson Smith and Crawford Young; cornettist Bruce Dickey; and trumpeter Edward H. Tarr.
Alumni
Notable alumni have included such musicians such as Gustav Leonhardt, Jordi Savall, Barbara Thornton, Christina Pluhar, Elam Rotem, Jorge Guerrero Dantur and Benjamin Bagby.
Lutenists
Lutenists who have studied at the Schola include:
Robert Barto (b. USA; studied with Eugen Müller-Dombois)
Luciano Contini (b. Italy; studied with Eugen Müller-Dombois and Hopkinson Smith)
Eduardo Egüez (b. Argentina; studied with Hopkinson Smith)
Paul O'Dette (b. USA; studied with Eugen Müller-Dombois and Thomas Binkley)
Anthony Bailes (b. Great Britain; studied with Eugen Müller-Dombois)
Toyohiko Satoh (b. Japan; studied with Eugen Müller-Dombois)
Manuel Morais (b. Portugal; studied with Eugen Müller-Dombois)
Edin Karamazov (b. Bosnia-Herzogovina; studied with Hopkinson Smith)
Marc Lewon (b. Germany, studied with Crawford Young)
Rolf Lislevand (b. Norway; studied with Eugen Müller-Dombois and Hopkinson Smith)
Evangelina Mascardi (b. Argentina; studied with Hopkinson Smith)
Rafael Benatar (b. Venezuela; studied with Eugen Müller-Dombois and Hopkinson Smith)
See also
:Category:Schola Cantorum Basiliensis alumni
:Category:Schola Cantorum Basiliensis faculty
References
External links
Schola Cantorum Basiliensis page at bach-cantatas.com
Educational institutions established in 1933
Mixed early music groups
Culture in Basel
1933 establishments in Switzerland
Irradiated mail is mail that has been deliberately exposed to radiation, typically in an effort to disinfect it. The most notable instance of mail irradiation in the US occurred in response to the 2001 anthrax attacks; the level of radiation chosen to kill anthrax spores was so high that it often changed the physical appearance of the mail.
The United States Postal Service began to irradiate mail in November 2001, in response to the discovery of large-scale contamination at several of its facilities that handled the letters that were sent in the attacks.
A facility in Bridgeport, New Jersey, operated by Sterigenics International, uses a Rhodotron continuous wave electron beam accelerator built by IBA Industrial, to irradiate the mail. A few facilities were planning to use cobalt-60 sources, though it is unclear whether this was ever done.
Effect on mail
The USPS warned that a number of products could be adversely affected, such as seeds, photographic film, biological samples, food, medicines, and electronic equipment. In the process of irradiation, mail is exposed to extreme heat. Paper is weakened and may appear to have been aged, with discoloration (e.g., yellowing), and brittleness. Pages may break, crumble, or fuse to other pages. Documents bound with glue may have loose pages. The printing on pages may be distorted or offset onto adjacent pages. If tape is affixed to address labels, the address may be illegible.
Irradiation's effects on paper caused some alarm in the philatelic world, which sends large numbers of rare postage stamps and covers through the mail. A number of auction houses stopped sending material through the mail, and Linn's Stamp News regularly featured reports on stamps and covers that had been ruined by irradiation.
Although at one time the USPS expected to irradiate all mail, it later scaled back to just treating mail sent to government offices, including all mail directed to the White House, Congress, and the Library of Congress.
In popular media
In the TV show NCIS's "SWAK" episode, an envelope with a suspicious powder is delivered to their office and opened - blowing into one of the agent's faces. While they're taking cleansing showers, they discuss that all mail to federal facilities is irradiated by the post office, and they specifically mention Bridgeport, NJ.
References
External links
US Environmental Protection agency:Irradiated Mail
US National Archives: Frequently Asked Questions About Irradiated Mail
Radioactivity
Postal systems
2001 anthrax attacks
Hasheminejad Airport Metro Station is a station of Mashhad Metro Line 1. The station serves as an access point to Mashhad International Airport and provides an indoor connection to the airport terminal. The station building is located adjacent to the airport terminal.
References
Mashhad Metro stations
Railway stations opened in 2011
2011 establishments in Iran
The RIAS Kammerchor (RIAS Chamber Choir) is a German choir based in Berlin, Germany. It receives support from the Rundfunk Orchester und Chöre GmbH Berlin ("Berlin Radio Orchestra and Choirs"), a limited-liability company owned by the public broadcasters Deutschlandradio (40%) and RBB (5%), the German Federal Republic (35%), and the State of Berlin (20%).
History
Founded in 1948, the choir was originally known as the Rundfunkchor des RIAS, after the US-run German-language radio station Rundfunk im amerikanischen Sektor ("Broadcasting in the American Sector"), or RIAS. Early in its history, between 1948 and 1952, the choir recorded works by Bach with Karl Ristenpart, 68 cantatas, the Christmas Oratorio, and the St John Passion. The choir first performed on 15 October 1948, and its first chief conductor was Herbert Froitzheim. Whilst founded as a regional radio station choir, the RIAS Kammerchor quickly established for itself a national and international reputation. Among its founders' aims was the promotion of contemporary musical composition, and besides performing the standard repertoire, the choir has premiered many works by contemporary composers, including a number specifically dedicated to the RIAS Kammerchor. The choir participated in the opening concert of the Berliner Philharmonie. The choir has premiered works by such contemporary composers as Paul Hindemith, Boris Blacher, Mauricio Kagel, Ernst Krenek, Pierre Boulez, Hans Werner Henze, and Aribert Reimann, works written for the RIAS Kammerchor.
During the tenure of Daniel Reuss (2003-2006), the choir's repertoire was extended to include early and Baroque music, in collaboration with such conductors as Philippe Herreweghe, René Jacobs, Nikolaus Harnoncourt, Frans Brüggen, and John Eliot Gardiner. The most recent chief conductor of the choir was Hans-Christoph Rademann, from 2007 to 2015. In April 2016, the choir announced the appointment of Justin Doyle as its next chief conductor and music director, effective with the 2017-2018 season. Doyle is currently contracted to the choir through July 2027. The current administrative director (Chordirektor) of the choir is Bernhard Hess (Heß), currently contracted through July 2026.
The choir has made commercial recordings for such labels as Deutsche Grammophon, harmonia mundi, both on its own and in works that feature orchestra and chorus.
Chief conductors
Herbert Froitzheim (1948–1954)
Günther Arndt (1954–1972)
Uwe Gronostay (1972–1986)
Marcus Creed (1987–2003)
Daniel Reuss (2003–2006)
Hans-Christoph Rademann (2007–2015)
Justin Doyle (2017–present)
References
External links
Official website of the RIAS Kammerchor
RIAS Chamber Choir German-language page on the history of the choir
Bach Cantatas page on the RIAS Chamber Choir
RIAS Kammerchor at Harmonia Mundi
RIAS Kammerchor at Brandenburgische Sommerkonzerte (in German)
Entries for the RIAS Kammerchor on WorldCat
1948 establishments in Germany
Chamber choirs
German choirs
Musical groups established in 1948
Musical groups from Berlin
Baron Sainsbury was created in 1962 for Alan Sainsbury in the Peerage of the United Kingdom.
There have been two other peers with the surname "Sainsbury" who included their surname as part of their titles; all are from the Sainsbury family, namesake of the supermarket chain Sainsbury's.
The three peers, in order of when they received their title, are:
Alan Sainsbury, Baron Sainsbury, of Drury Lane in the Borough of Holborn (1902–1998) — John James's grandson (Labour)
John Sainsbury, Baron Sainsbury of Preston Candover, of Preston Candover in the County of Hampshire (1927–2022) — Alan's eldest son (Conservative)
David Sainsbury, Baron Sainsbury of Turville, of Turville in the County of Buckinghamshire (b. 1940) — only son of Alan's only brother Robert (Labour)
The original Sainsbury's Supermarkets founder, John James Sainsbury, never officially received or held any Queen's honours.
Alan Sainsbury, Baron Sainsbury
The title "Baron Sainsbury" was created on 3 May 1962 for Alan Sainsbury, a member of the third generation of the supermarket Sainsbury family. They were the first member of the Sainsbury family to be raised to the peerage, and chose the territorial designation of Drury Lane in their title, as Sainsbury's first shop was opened there in 1869. Alan Sainsbury took the Labour whip in the House of Lords, and died on 21 October 1998.
John Sainsbury, Baron Sainsbury of Preston Candover
John Davan "JD" Sainsbury was the eldest son of Alan Sainsbury who was the first Lord Sainsbury. John, Lord Sainsbury was a member of the fourth generation of the Sainsbury family, who received their peerage on 31 July 1989 and chose the territorial designation of Preston Candover, where they lived. They took the Conservative whip in the House of Lords.
David Sainsbury, Baron Sainsbury of Turville
David Sainsbury, also of the fourth generation, received their peerage on 3 October 1997, and chose the territorial designation of Turville, which is where they live. They took the Labour whip in the House of Lords. David Sainsbury's father is Alan Sainsbury's brother Robert Sainsbury.
Media usage of title
"Baron Sainsbury" or "Lord Sainsbury" properly refers to the first alone. However, these days, when people refer to "Lord Sainsbury", they usually refer to David, Lord Sainsbury of Turville (Labour) as opposed to their cousin John, Lord Sainsbury of Preston Candover (Conservative). In The Sunday Times Rich List ratings, "Lord Sainsbury" in "Lord Sainsbury and family", refers to Lord Sainsbury of Turville as they hold the largest family shareholding in the supermarket chain Sainsbury's, and not Lord Sainsbury of Preston Candover.
References
Sainsbury family
Noble titles created in 1962
Wellcome Collection is a museum and library based at 183 Euston Road, London, displaying a mixture of medical artefacts and original artworks exploring "ideas about the connections between medicine, life and art". Founded in 2007, the Wellcome Collection attracts over 550,000 visitors per year and is advertised as "the free destination for the incurably curious". The venue offers contemporary and historic exhibitions and collections, the Wellcome Library, a café, a bookshop and conference facilities. In addition to its physical facilities, Wellcome Collection maintains a website of original articles and archived images related to health.
History and development
Wellcome Collection is part of the Wellcome Trust, founded by Sir Henry Solomon Wellcome (1853–1936). An extensive and enthusiastic traveller, Henry Wellcome amassed a huge collection of books, paintings and objects on the theme of historical development of medicine worldwide. There was an earlier Wellcome Historical Medical Museum at 54a Wigmore Street, housing artefacts from around the world.
The Wellcome Trust moved its administrative offices into their new Gibbs Building (designed for the Trust by Michael Hopkins and Partners) on the adjoining site in Euston Road, completed 2004: thereby creating an opportunity for a new public venue in the old Wellcome Building. The collection opened to the public in June 2007.
Due to its historical holdings, the Wellcome Collection is a member of The London Museums of Health & Medicine group.
Having been open since 2007, Wellcome Collection re-opened with additional public spaces in October 2015.
Wellcome Library
The Wellcome Library provides access to collections of books, manuscripts, archives, films and pictures on the history of medicine from the earliest times to the present day
The Hub
Located on the 5th floor of the Collection, The Hub is a space for researchers to collaborate, which "brings together different voices and expertise as part of an experiment to see what new knowledge can be created".
The first residents of The Hub, Hubbub, explored the dynamics of "rest, noise, tumult, activity and work" from October 2014 to July 2016.
In October 2016-July 2018 Created Out of Mind, a group exploring dementia and the arts began their residency. "Many of the group's core members came from the Dementia Research Centre (DRC) at University College London. The team aimed to explore what dementia means to all of us, as well as challenging definitions of the condition".
From 2018 to 2020, award-winning creative arts company and charity Heart n Soul took up residency at The Hub "exploring ideas like ‘normality' and the value of difference between us all".
The Reading Room
Refurbished in 2015 as part of the Wellcome Collection's 2015 renovation, the Reading Room is open to the public.
Collections
The collection is divided into several galleries. "Medicine Man" is a permanent exhibition displaying a small part of Henry Wellcome's collection. "Being Human" is another permanent exhibition opened in 2019 designed with the helped of disabled artists and activists within the frame of the social model of disability, making it one of the world's most accessible galleries. "Being Human" explores what it means to be human in the 21st century with a focus on personal stories, and is split into four parts: genetics, minds & bodies, infection, and environmental breakdown. It includes art by Yinka Shonibare CBE, Latai Taumoepeau, Kia LaBeija, Mary Beth Heffernan, and Isaac Murdoch's "Water is Life" banner designed for the Standing Rock protests.
The main exhibition space hosts a changing programme of events and exhibitions. The space has included work by Felicity Powell and Bobby Baker.
The building foyer and public areas usually include a 1950 work by Pablo Picasso (originally on a wall in John Desmond Bernal's flat in Torrington Square) and one by Anthony Gormley. A figure by Marc Quinn was originally lying unprotected on the stone floor, then moved inside a glass case, and is also not currently on view. The collection includes 17,500 magic-medical amulets, talismans and charms picked up by Henry Wellcome in Islamic North Africa and elsewhere in the world.
References
External links
Art museums and galleries in London
Medical museums in London
Museums in the London Borough of Camden
Wellcome Trust
Art museums established in 2007
2007 establishments in England
Remixes is a remix album from Phenomenal Handclap Band. It is a compilation of songs remixed from their first full-length album Phenomenal Handclap Band.
Track listing
Tears (Stallions Remix);– 8:19
15 to 20 (80Kidz Remix);– 4:50
Baby (Clock Opera Remix);– 4:58
All of the Above (T.H. White Remix);– 6:07
You'll Disappear (Munk Remix);– 6:40
Dim the Lights (Coco Electrik Remix);– 4:24
Give It a Rest (Snack & C'mish Remix);– 4:36
15 to 20 (Den Haan Remix);– 4:35
Testimony (Cosmodelica Remix);– 6:29
Baby (Virgil Howe Remix);– 5:04
The Martyr (Live KEXP Session);– 3:12
The Journey to Serra Da Estrela (Fujiya & Miyagi Remix);– 4:10
References
Thompson, P. (2009, August 13). Pitchfork. Phenomenal Handclap Band. Retrieved November 10, 2011 from http://pitchfork.com/reviews/albums/13376-the-phenomenal-handclap-band/
The Phenomenal Handclap Band (2011) . Retrieved November 10, 2011, from http://www.friendlyfirerecordings.com/Bands/PHCB/phcb.html
The Phenomenal Handclap Band - MP3, Disco D'or tonight (2008). Retrieved November 10, 2011, from http://www.brooklynvegan.com/archives/2008/09/the_phenomenal.html
THE PHENOMENAL HANDCLAP BAND RELEASES (2010). Retrieved November 10, 2011, from http://www.gomma.de/gommareleases/handclapreleases/
The Phenomenal Handclap Band (2011). Retrieved November 10, 2011, from http://www.last.fm/music/The+Phenomenal+Handclap+Band
Landry. (2009, October 6). Luxury Wafers. Luxury Wafers Exclusive: The Phenomenal Handclap Band, Live@Chessvolt Studios with Video and mp3. Retrieved November 10, 2011 from http://luxurywafers.net/2009/10/luxury-wafers-exclusive-the-phenomenal-handclap-band-livechessvolt-studios-with-video-and-mp3/
Power, C. (2009, June 29). BBC. BBC Review. Retrieved November 10, 2011 from https://www.bbc.co.uk/music/reviews/v363
Phenomenal Handclap Band Discography (2011). Retrieved November 11, 2011, from http://www.discogs.com/artist/Phenomenal+Handclap+Band,+The
2010 remix albums
Liberal Judaism may refer to:
Reform Judaism, a religiously liberal worldwide Jewish movement, widely also known as "Liberal Judaism"
Nederlands Verbond voor Progressief Jodendom (Liberal Judaism (Netherlands)), the Dutch branch of Reform Judaism
Liberal Judaism (United Kingdom), one of the British branches of Reform
(Sometimes) non-Orthodox branches of Judaism collectively, including the above as well as Conservative Judaism, Reconstructionist Judaism etc.
The 2022 Myanmar National League is scheduled to be the 13th season of the Myanmar National League, the highest domestic league in the country for association football clubs, since its establishment in 2009, also known as MPT Myanmar National League due to the sponsorship deal with Myanma Posts and Telecommunications. Recently, AIA agreed a sponsorship deal with Myanmar National League in order to support both MNL and Myanmar Football.
Participating teams
titleholders Shan United, Hanthawaddy, Ayeyawady, Yangon United, Yadanarbon, Rakhine United, Sagaing United, ISPE, Chinland and Myawady FC are all participating in this year's domestic league, due to the 2021 season was forced to be cancelled due to instability and public unrest. Due to security problem, all matches have to be played in a centralised venue, which is the Thuwunna Stadium in Yangon.
Clubs
Personnel and sponsoring
Note: Flags indicate national team as has been defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Highlights of the Season
Shan United remains the only team to stay unbeaten in all of the matches. Rakhine United remain the only team to have lost all of their matches and are currently lying at the bottom of the league. Yadanarbon has scored the most goals this season. Hanthawaddy United has defeated GFA 10-0, which results in them scoring the second most goals so far in the domestic season. GFA has conceded the most. Two hat-tricks have been scored by Ayeyawady United players Yan Kyaw Htwe and Kaung Myat Thu. Two Hanthawaddy United players have also netted in hat-tricks, including Soe Kyaw Kyaw and Aung Myat Thu. Yangon United breakthrough prospect La Min Htwe was the first player to score four goals in a singular match. Myawady have achieved great results in their return to the top flight, lighting the league and exceeding all applications, fourth currently with a game to play. ISPE are also doing well, as their bid for survival is currently working out well. Myawady have subsequently entered the title race, and Shan United are now 5 points ahead of Yangon United after they ended their winning streak on Matchday 9. Matches are rescheduled due to National League team players' participation for the Myanmar team.
League table
Positions by round
Results by match played
Results
Season statistics
Top scorers
As of 14 Sept 2022.
Most assists
As of 14 Spet 2022.
Clean sheets
As of 14 Sept 2022.
Hat-tricks
Half-season transfer
References
Myanmar National League seasons
2022 in Asian association football leagues
Ethel Wood may refer to:
Ethel Shakespear (1871–1946), née Wood, English geologist, public servant and philanthropist
Ethel Mary Wood (1876–1970), philanthropist
"Shine Girl" is a song by British rapper MoStack featuring British rapper Stormzy. It was released through Virgin EMI as the second single from MoStack's debut studio album Stacko on 31 May 2019; where it peaked at number 13 on the UK Singles Chart. The song was written by MoStack, James Grant, Darius Ellington Forde , Levi Lennox, Stormzy and TSB, and produced by iLL BLU, TSB and Lennox.
Track listing
Charts
Certifications
References
2019 singles
2019 songs
MoStack songs
Songs written by Stormzy
Songs written by MoStack
The men's singles SL3 tournament of the 2019 BWF Para-Badminton World Championships took place from 20 to 25 August.
Seeds
Pramod Bhagat (World champion)
Daniel Bethell (Final)
Manoj Sarkar (Semi-finals)
Ukun Rukaendi (Semi-finals)
Pascal Wolter (Group stage)
Daisuke Fujihara (Quarter-finals)
Mathieu Thomas (First Round)
Umesh Vikram Kumar (Quarter-finals)
Group stage
All times are local (UTC+2).
Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
Group E
Group F
Group G
Group H
Knock-out stage
Reference
2019 BWF Para-Badminton World Championships
Lilia Biktyakova (born 2 February 1979) is an Uzbekistani former professional tennis player.
Tennis career
A left-handed player from Tashkent, Biktyakova represented the Uzbekistan Fed Cup team in the late 1990s. From their 11 Fed Cup ties they won two singles and two doubles rubbers. In addition to the Fed Cup they also competed for Uzbekistan at the 1998 Asian Games. They twice appeared as a wilcard in the main draw of the Tashkent Open, in 1999 and 2000.
Biktyakova was a four-time All-American during their collegiate tennis career for Georgia College from 1998 to 2001. They were Georgia College's Female Athlete of the Year in 2001.
Personal life
Biktyakova married Georgia College golfer Alex McMichael.
Them younger sister, Luiza, was also a tennis player, competing at Fed Cup level and for Georgia College.
References
External links
1979 births
Living people
Uzbekistani female tennis players
Georgia College Bobcats
College women's tennis players in the United States
Sportspeople from Tashkent
Uzbekistani emigrants to the United States
Tennis players at the 1998 Asian Games
Asian Games competitors for Uzbekistan
Guido Schmidt-Chiari (13 September 1932 – 21 August 2016) was an Austrian banker. They were the CEO of the Austrian bank Creditanstalt. Schmidt-Chiari was born in Vienna, Austria, the eldest child of Guido Schmidt. They married Countess Stephanie Strachwitz in 1974, with whom they have six children. Stephanie Schmidt-Chiari is a direct cousin of the American music producer Chris Strachwitz.
Biography
In 1952 Guido Schmidt-Chiari moved to Brazil to work for a subsidiary of Alpine-Mountain in Rio de Janeiro and in 1953 set up the São Paulo distribution branch for Jenbacher Werke products. They returned to Austria and in 1956 received their PhD in law from the University of Vienna. In 1957 Guido Schmidt-Chiari worked for the Belgian-American Banking Corporation in New York City. In 1958 they began work at Creditanstalt in Vienna, in 1971 they were appointed to the Executive Board and further promoted to CEO in 1988. After the Fall of the Iron Curtain Schmidt-Chiari initiated the expansion of Creditanstalt into Central European countries. Following the acquisition of Creditanstalt by Bank Austria Schmidt-Chiari resigned in 1997.
Under the direction of Guido Schmidt-Chiari, the Creditanstalt Group grew manifold and saw net profit after tax grow from 1.2 billion ATS in 1991 to 5.8 billion ATS in 1997, an increase in return on equity from 6% to 19.2%, making Creditanstalt by far the most profitable bank in Austria at the time.
The Schmidt-Chiari family have a large equity stake in two family businesses: Joseph Schmidt's Erben (founded in 1887) an industrial distribution company and the Arlberger Bergbahnen AG (founded in 1937), a ski lift operator with resorts in Austria and Poland. The main lift business operates the world-renowned ski resort of St. Anton am Arlberg
Schmidt-Chiari has also chaired the supervisory board of several leading Austrian companies (inter alia: Wienerberger AG, Semperit AG, Steyr-Daimler-Puch AG and Andritz AG) and held a wide variety of other posts including being on the Morgan Stanley European Advisory Board and the General Council of Assicurazioni Generali, Trieste. They were the President of the Austrian Bankers Association and founded the Austrian Delegation to the Trilateral Commission.
Aside from their involvement in the financial world, Guido Schmidt-Chiari and their wife, Stephanie enjoy collecting turn of the century Viennese Jugendstil, with a focus on those by the architect and designer Josef Hofmann and their contemporaries. Stephanie Schmidt-Chiari is a member of the International Council of the Museum of Modern Art, New York (MoMA) and Guido Schmidt-Chiari is an Advisory Board Member of Mumok, Vienna as well as on the Board of Directors of the Wiener Konzerthaus, Vienna.
Schmidt-Chiari died in Sankt Anton am Arlberg, Austria on 21 August 2016.
Decorations
Among other decorations Guido Schmidt-Chiari has been appointed an Honorary Senator of the Business University of Vienna and an Honorary Senator of the Technical University of Vienna as well as Officier de la Legion d'Honneur.
References
Austrian chief executives
1932 births
2016 deaths
Zola is a section of the Soweto township lying south of Johannesburg in Gauteng, South Africa. A number of well-known public figures, mostly musicians call Zola their home and were born and bred there.
Zola is in the west of Soweto and is also known as Mzambiya (Zambia) or Mashona (west side). It is surrounded by the townships of Tladi, Naledi, Dobsonville, Emndeni, Jabulani and Moletsane. The musicians Mongezi and their wife, the late Margaret Singana, stayed in Zola before they got a house in Jabulani location which is also near Zola. Mdu Masilela, Mandoza, Mshoza, Mzambiya, Brown Dash, Mapaputsi, and Zola were all born in Zola. Soccer legends like Shoes of Orlando Pirates, Ace Mnini of Moroka Swallows, and Ree Skhosana of Moroka Swallows were all from Zola. Brenda Fassie also lived in Zola in the early 1980s.
Zola is one of the most popular townships in Soweto and famous throughout South Africa for its notorious gangsters in the 1960s, 1970s and 1980s. Gangsters like 11 Boys in the 1960s, Maumaus in the 1970s, and Chivas and Big18s in the late 1980s/early 1990s. It is a popular tourist destination.
The Famous historical schools from Zola are Zola Higher Primary School, Dr. Vilakazi and Lavela Secondary School. An upcoming school is Kwadedangendlale Senior Secondary School with good pass rates.
References
Johannesburg Region D
Soweto Townships
Nanos () is a dispersed settlement on Mount Nanos in the Municipality of Vipava in the Littoral region of Slovenia.
Name
The name of the settlement was changed from Ravnik to Nanos in 1955.
Church
The local church, built close to Pleša Peak on Mount Nanos, is dedicated to Saint Jerome and belongs to the Parish of Podnanos.
References
External links
Nanos at Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Vipava
Thomson Head () is a steep, rocky headland rising to 915 m at the east side of Bourgeois Fjord, between Perutz and Bader Glaciers, forming the north extremity of German Peninsula on Fallières Coast on the west side of Graham Land, Antarctica. First surveyed in 1936 by the British Graham Land Expedition (BGLE) under Rymill. Resurveyed in 1948-49 by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS) and named for William H. Thomson, FIDS air pilot at Stonington Island in 1947.
Map
British Antarctic Territory. Scale 1:200000 topographic map. DOS 610 Series, Sheet W 67 66. Directorate of Overseas Surveys, Tolworth, UK, 1978.
References
SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer.
Headlands of Graham Land
Fallières Coast
The Professional Basketball League (), often abbreviated to the PBL, was the pre-eminent men's professional basketball league in Russia, and the successor to the Russian Super League 1, which is now the second-tier division of the Russian basketball league system.
The PBL was the second version of the Russian Professional Basketball Championship.
History
Established in 2010, the league contained 10 teams in its inaugural 2010–11 season. 9 of those teams participated in the 2009–10 season of Russian Super League 1, and the 10th team was Nizhny Novgorod. The inaugural 2010–11 season started on October 9, 2010, with a match between Dynamo Moscow and CSKA Moscow, on Dynamo's home court, the Krylatskoye Sports Palace. CSKA won by a score of 81 to 63.
The 2011–12 season featured 10 teams, like the inaugural season, however, Dynamo Moscow was replaced with the 2011 Russian Super League 1 champions Spartak Primorye.
Merging with VTB United League
In May 2012, all the PBL clubs gathered to decide which format would be used for the next season, and some club's directors raised the possibility of merging with the VTB United League, to produce greater competition between the Russian basketball clubs. They suggested that the new league would be named the Eastern European Professional Basketball League.
In July 2012, the Council of VTB United League gave a definitive decision. It was decided that the PBL league would continue for one more year, with some of the games of the VTB United League that took place between two Russian clubs being counted as PBL games. The first tier Russian clubs then replaced the PBL with the VTB United League as their new national domestic league, starting with the 2013–14 season.
Champions
Awards winners
Most Valuable Player
Maciej Lampe: (2011)
Davon Jefferson: (2012)
Playoffs MVP
Victor Khryapa: (2011)
Alexey Shved: (2012)
Russian basketball clubs in European and worldwide competitions
See also
USSR Premier League
Russian Cup
USSR Cup
References
External links
2010 establishments in Russia
1
Defunct basketball leagues in Europe
Sport leagues established in 2010
2013 disestablishments in Russia
Mélanie Doutey is a French actor.
Life and career
 They are the daughter of filmmaker Alain Doutey and actor Arielle Séménoff. They appeared in Claude Chabrol's La Fleur du Mal and El Lobo, the true story of a mole within the Basque separatist group ETA. They also made a cameo in singer Calogero's video for En Apesanteur.
In 2006, they were nominated for a César Award for Most Promising Actress for their performance in Il ne faut jurer de rien!, a cinematographic adaptation of an Alfred de Musset play.
Them scene with Jean Dujardin and Gilles Lellouche, directed by Jan Kounen was cut from the final version of The Players (2012), but later appeared on some DVD versions.
From 2002 to 2013, Doutey was in a relationship with actor Gilles Lellouche. They have a daughter named Ava, born on 5 September 2009.
, they were dating chef Cyril Lignac.
Filmography
Leïla (2001), Leïla
Le frère du guerrier (2002), Guillemette
La fleur du mal (2003), Michèle Charpin-Vasseur
Narco (2004), La fille "moitié des choses"
El Lobo (2004), Amaia
Il ne faut jurer... de rien! (2005), Cécile
Clara Sheller, Clara Sheller (6 episodes, 2005)
Président (2006), Nahema
Fair Play (2006), Béatrice
On va s'aimer (2006), Camille
Ce soir, je dors chez toi (2007), Laeticia
Ma place au soleil (2007), Véronique
Santa Closed (2007), Fille 2
RTT (2008), Emilie Vergano
Le bal des actrices (2009), Mélanie Doutey
Une petite zone de turbulences (2009), Cathie Muret
Aux yeux de tous (2012), Nora
Jamais le premier soir (2014), Louise
La French (2014), Christiane Zampa
Entre amis (2015), Daphnée
Paradise Beach (2019), Julia
Inexorable (2021)
References
External links
(archived, defunct since late 2020)
French film actores
Living people
French television actores
21st-century French actores
Actresses from Paris
French National Academy of Dramatic Arts alumni
French stage actores
20th-century French actores
Year of birth missing (living people)
Association Sportive de Panazol is a football club based in Panazol, France. As of the 2021–22 season, it competes in the Régional 2, the seventh tier of French football. The club's colours are yellow and blue.
In the 2021–22 Coupe de France, Panazol qualified for the round of 64 for the first time in the club's history following a win on penalties over Angoulême. They were eliminated in the following round following a loss to Vitré on penalties.
References
Sport in Haute-Vienne
Football clubs in Nouvelle-Aquitaine
Dardano Sacchetti (born 1944 ) is an Italian screenwriter who often worked with Italian directors Lamberto Bava and Lucio Fulci.
Screenwriting
Sacchetti was born in 1944,in Italy. Their first screen credit was for Dario Argento's film The Cat o' Nine Tails. They predominantly worked with Lucio Fulci and Lamberto Bava.
They have worked with several television film projects with Lamberto Bava in the later half of the 1980s. Sacchetti stated that for their screenplays, they would only learn who the director would be a week before the film went into production.
Producers such as De Angelis would come to them and ask them to write two to five lines for a film in various genres such as adventure films, westerns and pornography. Following these posters would be made for the films. When Foreign production had found interest in their write-ups, they would state that De Angelis would phone them and tell them which of the stories they had potential to sell and to write the scripts immediately.
They have worked with several television film projects with Lamberto Bava in the later half of the 1980s. As of 2017, Sacchetti was still writing for film and television.
Partial filmography
Note: The films listed as N/A are not necessarily chronological.
Footnotes
Sources
External links
Italian screenwriters
Italian male screenwriters
1944 births
Living people
Writers from Rome
For the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo, Yugoslavia (now Bosnia and Herzegovina), a total of nine sports venues were used. The idea for the Games came around from a 1968 Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development study on promoting winter tourism in Yugoslavia. After Sarajevo was awarded the 1984 Games in 1978, venue construction and renovation took place between 1979 and 1983. Weather postponed the men's downhill alpine skiing event three times before it was finally run. The men's cross-country skiing 30 km event was run during a blizzard. After the games, all but one of the venues were damaged during the Bosnian War and the siege of Sarajevo. After the war, Zetra Ice Hall was rebuilt and is in use as of 2010.
Venues
Before the Olympics
During the reign of the Ottoman Empire, Sarajevo was a popular venue for the forerunner of luge. When the Austro-Hungarian Empire controlled Sarajevo, modern luge, skating, and skiing was introduced. Between the first and second World Wars, ski jumps and a mountain lodge were constructed along with the first Yugoslav ski rally at Jahorina in 1937. After World War II, Jahorina in Sarajevo hosted the International Students Winter Week in 1955, a forerunner to the Winter Universiade that would start five years later in Chamonix, France. A 1968 Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development study on developing winter tourism in Yugoslavia would serve as a catalyst for a bid for the Winter Olympics. Sarajevo made their bid for the 1984 Winter Games in late 1976 and were awarded the 1984 Games in May 1978. Koševo Stadium which was used for the opening ceremonies was constructed in 1952, renovated in 1966, and renovated again in 1983 in time for the 1984 Winter Olympics. Skenderija II was constructed in 1969. Design and construction for new and existing facilities took place between 1979 and 1983 though a majority of the venues were built completely by 1981.
Yugoslavia hosted the World Ice Hockey Championships in 1966 though those championships took place in Ljubljana (now in Slovenia). Sarajevo had its first FIS Alpine Skiing World Cup event in 1975 with a women's giant slalom event.
During the Olympics
At the Zetra Ice Rink during practice for the ice dance event the morning before the free dance final, Jayne Torvill and Christopher Dean of Great Britain arrived early to prepare. At the end of their routine, they were met with applause from the 20 to 30 venue workers who were cleaning the seats and had stopped working to watch Torvill and Dean practice.
Weather postponed the men's downhill three times before it was run finally. Bill Johnson of the United States won the event. Nikolay Zimyatov of the Soviet Union won the 30 km cross-country skiing event that took place in a blizzard.
After the Olympics
Sarajevo hosted an Alpine Skiing World Cup in March 1987 won by Luxembourg's Marc Girardelli for the men's giant slalom and a tie between Swiss skiers Maria Walliser and Vreni Schneider for the women's giant slalom. The Zetra Ice Hall played host to the European Figure Skating Championships in 1987. Before the Yugoslav Wars of 1991, the last major winter sports event before the breakup of Yugoslavia was the European Speed Skating Championships that year.
From 1991 to 1995, the Yugoslav Wars took place that involved independent movements in Bosnia, Croatia, and Slovenia, occurring in 1992–95, 1991–95, and 1991 respectively. The Bosnian War that lasted from 1992 to 1995 that included the siege of Sarajevo which itself lasted from 1992 to 1996. At the early part of the war and the siege, the bobsleigh and luge track was transformed into a field artillery position for Bosnian Serb guerillas, the men's alpine skiing venue was a Bosnian Serb military installation, and the Zetra Ice Hall was reduced to rubble. During the closing ceremonies of the 1994 Winter Olympics in Lillehammer, IOC President Juan Antonio Samaranch remarked about Sarajevo's situation and the concern for global athletes to assist in the conflict.
After the Bosnian War and the siege of Sarajevo, Zetra Ice Hall (now known as Olympic Hall Juan Antonio Samaranch) was rebuilt in 1997 and reopened in 1999. The Jahorina ski resort area where women's alpine skiing took place was the only venue unaffected by the war. There was hope that Sarajevo would bid for the 2010 Winter Olympics in a sign they had recovered, but the city did not make the finalist list for those Games.
References
1984 Winter Olympic venues
1984 Winter Olympics
"Get Used to It" is a song written by Michael Omartian and Roger Voudouris and performed by Voudouris. The song was featured on their 1979 album, Radio Dream. The song was produced by Michael Omartian.
Chart performance
It reached #4 in Australia, #18 on the U.S. adult contemporary chart, and #21 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1979.
The single spent 19 weeks on the American charts, ranking 83rd on the Billboard Year-End Hot 100 singles of 1979.
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
See also
List of 1970s one-hit wonders in the United States
References
External links
Lyrics of this song
1979 songs
1979 singles
Songs written by Michael Omartian
Song recordings produced by Michael Omartian
Warner Records singles
Mac Grealy (born 6 March 2002) is an Australian rugby union player who plays for the in Super Rugby. Their playing position is fullback. They were named in the Reds squad for the 2021 Super Rugby AU season. They made their debut for the Reds in Round 4 of the Super Rugby Trans-Tasman competition against the , starting at fullback as a late replacement for Bryce Hegarty.
Reference list
External links
itsrugby.co.uk Profile
Queensland Reds profile
2002 births
Australian rugby union players
Living people
Rugby union fullbacks
Queensland Reds players
The 11th Canadian Comedy Awards, presented by the Canadian Comedy Foundation for Excellence (CCFE), honoured the best live, television, film, and Internet comedy of 2009. The ceremony was held at the Winter Garden Theatre in Toronto, Ontario, on 18 October 2010 and was hosted by Dave Foley.
Canadian Comedy Awards, also known as Beavers, were awarded in 22 categories. Some winners were picked by members of industry organizations while others were chosen by the Canadian public through an online poll. The awards ceremony was held during the five-day Canadian Comedy Awards Festival which ran from 14 to 18 October and included 38 shows at six venues.
The TV series Less Than Kind led with seven nominations followed by the film Eating Buccaneers with five. Less Than Kind won three Beavers, as did the film The Trotsky. Irwin Barker was posthumously awarded two Beavers and the Dave Broadfoot Award.
Festival and ceremony
The Canadian Comedy Awards (CCA) returned to Toronto, Ontario, in 2010, after a seven-year absence from the city. This was the first occasion that Toronto hosted the Canadian Comedy Awards Festival, which had grown to the point that a larger city could more easily accommodate the events. The five-day festival ran from 14 to 18 October and featured 38 shows in six venues. This included stand-up, sketch, improv, and one-person shows. Venues included Yuk Yuk's, Comedy Bar, Bad Dog Theatre, and Second City.
One notable show was BeerProv in which 18 improvisors competed, drinking beer in successive elimination rounds until one was left. Sean Tabares won the event and later won the Beaver for best male improvisor. Catch 23 was another competitive improv show featuring pairs of performers.
A gala was held on 17 October at the Winter Garden Theatre hosted by Mary Walsh. The awards ceremony was held on 18 October hosted by Dave Foley. Performers included Teresa Pavlinek and Kathryn Greenwood (Women Fully Clothed), Seán Cullen, Gordon Pinsent, Tom Green, and Loretta Swit.
Winners and nominees
Nominees, selected by jury, were announced on 22 June 2010 in Toronto. Awards were given in 22 categories.
Irwin Barker, who had died the day before nominations were announced, won posthumous Beavers for Canadian Comedy Person of the Year and Best Male Stand-up, as well as the Dave Broadfoot Award for comic genius.
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface:
Multimedia
Live
Television
Film
Internet
Special Awards
Multiple wins
The following people, shows, films, etc. received multiple awards
Multiple nominations
The following people, shows, films, etc. received multiple awards
References
External links
Canadian Comedy Awards official website
Canadian Comedy Awards
Canadian Comedy Awards
Awards
Awards
Bhe and Others v Magistrate, Khayelitsha and Others; Shibi v Sithole and Others; SA Human Rights Commission and Another v President of the RSA and Another was an important case in South African customary law.
The case was heard in the Constitutional Court on 2 and 3 March 2004, with judgment handed down on 15 October. Chaskalson CJ, Langa DCJ, Madala J, Mokgoro J, Moseneke J, Ngcobo J, O'Regan J, Sachs J, Skweyiya J, Van Der Westhuizen J, and Yacoob J were the presiding judges.
The court held that section 23 of the Black Administration Act, in applying the system of male primogeniture, was incompatible with sections 9 (equality) and 10 (dignity) of the South African Constitution.
Facts
The two main issues at hand were the question of the constitutional validity of section 23 of the Black Administration Act, and the constitutional validity of the principle of primogeniture in the context of the customary law of succession.
In the matter of Bhe and Others v Magistrate, Khayelitsha, and Others two minor children, both extra-marital daughters, had failed to qualify as heirs in the intestate estate of their deceased father. The father of the deceased was appointed representative and sole heir of the deceased's estate. Under the system of intestate succession, minor children did not qualify to be heirs in the intestate estate of their deceased father. According to these provisions, the estate was to be distributed according to "Black law and custom."
The applicants challenged, in the South African High Court, the appointment of the deceased's father as heir and representative of the estate. After considering the opposed application, the High Court concluded that the legislative provisions that had been challenged, and on which the father of the deceased had relied, were inconsistent with the Constitution and therefore invalid. The court further declared that, until the defects were corrected by the legislature, the distribution of intestate black estates was to be governed by the Intestate Succession Act.
In the Shibi matter, the applicant's brother had died intestate. The deceased had not married, nor had they been a partner in a customary union. They had no children and was not survived by a parent or grandparent. Their nearest male relatives were their two cousins. Since the deceased was an African, their estate fell to be administered under the provisions of section 23(10) of the Black Administration Act, resulting in first the one cousin being appointed as representative, and then, after protestations, the other cousin being appointed as sole heir of the estate.
The estate of the deceased fell to be distributed according to custom. Ms Shibi, in terms of that system, was precluded from being the heir to the intestate estate of their deceased brother. In the High Court, they challenged the magistrate's decision and the manner in which the estate had been administered. They sought and obtained an order declaring themselves to be the sole heir in the estate of their deceased brother.
Judgment
Direct access
The Constitutional Court held that it could grant direct access in exceptional circumstances only. In the present matter, the court considered the following: The challenged provisions governed the administration and distribution of all intestate estates of deceased Africans. The impact of the provisions fell mainly on African women and children, arguably the most vulnerable groups in South African society. The provisions also affected male persons who, in terms of the customary-law rule of primogeniture, were not heirs to the intestate estates of deceased Africans. Many people were therefore affected by these provisions; it was desirable that clarity as to their constitutional validity be established as soon as possible. The submissions sought to be made by the applicants related to substantive issues that were already before the Court. The application further added fresh insights on difficult issues, including the question of the appropriate remedy. Both applicants were found to be eminently qualified to be part of the debate on the issues before the Court. The court held, accordingly, that it was in the interests of justice that the application for direct access be granted.
Legislative framework in relation to the Constitution
The court held, accordingly, that section 23 of the Act and its regulations were, construed in the light of their history and context, manifestly discriminatory and thus in breach of section 9(3) of the Constitution. The only remaining question was whether this discrimination was capable of justification in terms of section 36 of the Constitution.
Justification inquiry
The court found that the rights violated were important ones, particularly in the South African context. The rights to equality and dignity were among the most valuable in any open and democratic State, and assumed special importance in South Africa, due to its history of inequality and hurtful discrimination on grounds such as race and gender. Although it was possible to argue that, despite its racist and sexist nature, section 23 gave recognition to customary law and acknowledged the pluralist nature of South African society, this was not its dominant purpose or effect.
Section 23 was enacted as part of a racist programme intent on entrenching division and subordination, and its effect had been to ossify customary law; in the light of this, it could not be justified in the open and democratic society intended in section 36 of the Constitution. It was clear, therefore, that the serious violation by the provisions of section 23 of the rights to equality and human dignity could not be justified in the new constitutional order. Section 23 accordingly had to be struck down in accordance with s 172(1)(a) of the Constitution.
Customary law of succession
The effect of the invalidation of section 23 of the Act was that the customary-law rules governing succession were inapplicable, including the customary-law rule of primogeniture attacked in the Bhe and Shibi cases.
The court accordingly held that, as a result of the inconsistency of section 23 with the Constitution, regulation 2(e) also had to fall away. The customary-law rule of primogeniture, in its application to intestate succession, was not consistent with the equality protection under the Constitution. It followed that any finding in Mthembu v Letsela and Another which was at odds with this judgment could not stand.
Remedy
In light of the wider relief requested by the South African Human Rights Commission and the Women's Legal Centre Trust, the relief given by the High Courts in both the Bhe and the Shibi cases fell to be reconsidered. It was also necessary to deal with the applicability of the order by the Constitutional Court to polygynous marriages. An appropriate order would be one that protected partners to monogamous and polygynous customary marriages as well as unmarried women and their respective children. This would ensure that their interests were protected until Parliament enacted a comprehensive scheme that would reflect the necessary development of the customary law of succession. It had to be clear, however, that no pronouncement was made in the present judgment on the constitutional validity of polygynous unions. In order to avoid possible inequality between the houses in such unions, the estate should devolve in such a way that persons in the same class or category received an equal share.
The advantage of using section 1 of the Intestate Succession Act as the basic mechanism for determining the content of the interim regime was that extra-marital children, women who were survivors in monogamous unions, unmarried women and all children would not be discriminated against. However, the section provided for only one surviving spouse and would need to be tailored to accommodate situations where there was more than one surviving spouse because the deceased was party to a polygynous union. This could be done by ensuring that sections 1(1)(c)(i) and 1(4)(f) of the Intestate Succession Act, which were concerned with providing for a child's share of the single surviving spouse and its calculation, should apply with three qualifications if the deceased is survived by more than one spouse:
A child's share would be determined by having regard to the fact that there was more than one surviving spouse.
Provision should be made for each surviving spouse to inherit the minimum if there was not enough in the estate.
The order had to take into account the possibility that the estate may not be enough to provide the prescribed minimum to each of the surviving spouses.
Retrospectivity
The court held that the declaration of invalidity had to be made retrospective to 27 April 1994, but that it did not apply to any completed transfer of ownership to an heir who had no notice of a challenge to the legal validity of the statutory provisions and the customary-law rule in question. Furthermore, anything done pursuant to the winding-up of an estate in terms of the Act, other than the identification of heirs in a manner inconsistent with this judgment, would not be invalidated by the order of invalidity in respect of section 23 of the Act and its regulations.
Effect
The court held that the order made in this case did not mean that the relevant provisions of the Intestate Succession Act were fixed rules that had to be applied regardless of any agreement by all interested parties that the estate should devolve in a different way. The spontaneous development of customary law would continue to be hampered if this were to happen. The Intestate Succession Act did not preclude an estate devolving in accordance with an agreement reached among all interested parties, but in a way that was consistent with its provisions. Having regard to the vulnerable position in which some of the surviving family members might find themselves, care had to be taken to ensure that such agreements were genuine and not the result of the exploitation of the weaker members of the family by the strong. In this regard, a special duty rested on the Master of the High Court, the magistrates and other officials responsible for the administration of estates to ensure that no-one was prejudiced in the discussions leading to the purported agreements.
The present judgment was concerned with intestate deceased estates governed by section 23 of the Act only. All such estates had henceforth to be administered in terms of the present judgment. The question arose as to the role of the Master of the High Court, magistrates and other officials appointed by the Master. Section 4(1A) of the Administration of Estates Act provided that the Master did not have jurisdiction over estates that devolved in terms of customary law. The effect of this judgment was to bring about a change in that respect. The Master was no longer precluded from dealing with intestate deceased estates that were formerly governed by section 23 of the Act, since they would now fall under the terms of this judgment and not customary law.
Order
Section 23 of the Act and section 1(4)(b) of the Intestate Succession Act were declared inconsistent with the Constitution and invalid. The Regulations for the Administration and Distribution of the Estates of Deceased Blacks (R200) published in Government Gazette No 10601 dated 6 February 1987, as amended, were also invalid. The rule of male primogeniture as it applied in customary law to the inheritance of property was inconsistent with the Constitution and invalid to the extent that it excluded or hindered women and extra-marital children from inheriting property.
Subject to the following, section 1 of the Intestate Succession Act applied to the intestate deceased estates that would formerly have been governed by section 23 of the Act. In the application of sections 1(1)(c)(i) and 1(4)(f) of the Intestate Succession Act to the estate of a deceased person who was survived by more than one spouse,
a child's share in relation to the intestate estate of the deceased had to be calculated by dividing the monetary value of the estate by a number equal to the number of the children of the deceased who have either survived or predeceased such deceased person but are survived by their descendants, plus the number of spouses who have survived such deceased;
each surviving spouse inherited a child's share of the intestate estate or so much of the intestate estate as did not exceed in value the amount fixed from time to time by the Minister for Justice and Constitutional Development by notice in the Gazette, whichever was the greater; and
notwithstanding the provisions of 2. above, where the assets in the estate were not sufficient to provide each spouse with the amount fixed by the Minister, the estate had to be equally divided between the surviving spouses.
In terms of section 172(1)(b) of the Constitution, the court held that the transfer of ownership prior to the date of this order of any property pursuant to the distribution of an estate in terms of s 23 of the Act and its regulations could not be invalidated unless it was established that, when such transfer was taken, the transferee was on notice that the property in question was subject to a legal challenge on the grounds upon which the applicants brought challenges in this case. It was further declared that any estate that was being administered in terms of section 23 of the Act and its regulations would continue to be so administered until it was finally wound up, subject to paragraphs 4, 5 and 6 of the order of Court.
Dissent
Ngcobo delivered a dissenting judgment in which they held that the rule of male primogeniture should be developed in order to bring it in line with the Bill of Rights.
See also
Customary law
Customary law in South Africa
Mmusi and Others v Ramantele and Another
Notes
2005 in South African law
Constitutional Court of South Africa cases
2005 in case law
South African customary case law
Gender equality case law
Gender discrimination lawsuits
Luther Martin Strong (June 23, 1838 – April 26, 1903) was an American lawyer, jurist, and veteran of the Civil War who served two terms as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1893 to 1897.
Biography
Born near Tiffin, Ohio, Strong attended the common schools and Aaron Schuyler's Academy, Republic, Ohio.
They taught school.
They enlisted in the Forty-ninth Regiment, Ohio Volunteer Infantry, in 1861 and served until March 13, 1865.
They studied law and was admitted to the bar by the Supreme Court of Ohio on January 30, 1867.
They moved to Kenton and practiced their profession.
They served as member of the board of education.
They were elected to the State senate in 1879 and 1881.
They were appointed judge of the court of common pleas by Governor Foster in 1883 to fill an unexpired term.
Congress
Strong was elected as a Republican to the Fifty-third and Fifty-fourth Congresses (March 4, 1893 – March 3, 1897).
They were an unsuccessful candidate for renomination in 1896 to the Fifty-fifth Congress.
Later career and death
They engaged in agricultural pursuits.
They died in Kenton, Ohio, April 26, 1903.
They were interred in Grove Cemetery.
Sources
External links
1838 births
1903 deaths
Ohio state court judges
Ohio state senators
People from Kenton, Ohio
People of Ohio in the American Civil War
Union Army officers
19th-century American politicians
People from Tiffin, Ohio
19th-century American judges
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Samuel Miller Breckinridge Long (May 16, 1881 – September 26, 1958) was an American diplomat and politician. They served in the administrations of Woodrow Wilson and Franklin Delano Roosevelt.  They are infamous among Holocaust historians for making it difficult for European Jews to enter the United States in the 1930s and '40s.
Early life
Breckinridge Long was born on May 16, 1881 to Margaret Miller Breckinridge and William Strudwick Long in St. Louis, Missouri. Long was a member of the Breckinridge family, which has been described as "practically Confederate aristocracy". Long was a distant cousin of Henry Skillman Breckinridge (1886–1960), who was the United States Assistant Secretary of War from 1913-1916 under Wilson, and whose daughter married John Stephens Graham, the Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, and commissioners for the Internal Revenue Service and Atomic Energy Commission.
Long graduated from Princeton University in 1904 and studied at Washington University School of Law from 1905 to 1906, and received their M.A. from Princeton University in 1909.
Career
In 1906, they were admitted to the bar in Missouri and opened an office in St. Louis in 1907. Long continued to practice law independently until 1917. From 1914 to 1915, they were a member of the Missouri Code Commission on Revision of Judicial Procedure. Long then worked to establish the League of Nations and supported Wilsonian Democracy. They were credited with drafting Woodrow Wilson's "He kept us out of war" slogan, which helped secure Wilson's reelection as President in 1916.
They joined the State Department shortly after the election. In 1917, Long was appointed Third Assistant Secretary of State and remained at the post until they resigned in 1920 to pursue election to the U.S. Senate from Missouri. While in the Department of State, they held responsibility for overseeing Asian affairs. During this time they also directed attention to the improvement of U.S. foreign communications policy, and coordinated the first interdepartmental review of U.S. international communications.
In 1920 Long was the Democratic nominee for the U.S. Senate seat in Missouri held by Selden P. Spencer, but was defeated, garnering 44.5% of the vote to Spencer's 53.7%. They lost a second bid for the Senate in 1922.
FDR administration and World War II
Long was a personal friend of future President Franklin Delano Roosevelt, whom they had known as Assistant Secretary of the Navy during the Wilson Administration, and generously contributed to their 1932 Presidential campaign. Roosevelt rewarded them with the position of U.S. Ambassador to Italy, which they held from 1933 to 1936. During their ambassadorship, they were criticized for advising the president against imposing an embargo on oil shipments to Italy in retaliation for Mussolini's invasion of Ethiopia. They were a member of a special mission to Brazil, Argentina, and Uruguay in 1938. Upon the outbreak of war in September 1939, they accepted appointment as a Special Assistant Secretary of State in charge of problems arising from the war, a position they held until January 1940, when they were appointed Assistant Secretary of State. Through February 1941, they were responsible for overseeing twenty-three of the forty-two divisions in the department before a revision of the workload among the other assistant secretaries.
Long came to believe that they were under constant attack from what they termed radicals and the Jewish press for their stance on strict immigration controls mandated by the immigration laws in force at the time. In an intra-department memo they circulated in June 1940 Long wrote: "We can delay and effectively stop for a temporary period of indefinite length the number of immigrants into the United States. We could do this by simply advising our consuls to put every obstacle in the way and to require additional evidence and to resort to various administrative devices which would postpone and postpone and postpone the granting of the visas." One of their most powerful tools to keep out potential refugees and immigrants was the public charge rule, which barred admissions of persons deemed likely to become a burden on the state. The standards of proof of not being a public charge were constantly shifting, and this was used to intentionally prevent refugees and immigrants from gaining admission.
Ultimately, the effect of the immigration policies set by Long's department was that, during American involvement in the war, ninety percent of the quota places available to immigrants from countries under German and Italian control were never filled. If they had been, an additional 190,000 people could have escaped the atrocities being committed by the Nazis.
In November 1943, when the House was considering two bills that would have established a separate government agency charged with assisting the rescue of Jewish refugees, Long gave secret testimony to the House Foreign Affairs Committee saying that the majority of 580,000 refugees admitted from Europe were Jewish, and that such legislation would be a rebuke of the State Department in wartime. Long noted in their diary that day that they erred by speaking without notes (the actual numbers were 568,000 visas authorized and only 545,000 issued), but historians have noted their testimony was misleading because they implied that all of those were Jews.
An extreme nativist, Long is largely remembered for their obstructionist role as the official responsible for granting refugee visas during World War II. They obstructed rescue attempts, drastically restricted immigration, and falsified figures of refugees admitted. The exposure of their misdeeds led to their demotion, in 1944. They have become the major target of criticism of America's refugee and rescue policy." They justified this in their diary by referencing the contemporary strict laws in the United States imposing quotas on the number of immigrants from particular countries, and their great concern about the possibility that Germany and the Soviet Union would introduce spies or subversive agents into the United States amidst the large numbers of refugees.
Long resigned from the State Department in November 1944 and went into retirement.
Personal life
They married Christine Alexander Graham, in 1912.
Their special interests included the collection of antiques, paintings and American ship models. They maintained a stable of thoroughbred race horses and was a director of the Laurel Park Racecourse in Laurel, Maryland, and they enjoyed fox hunting, fishing, and sailing.
They died in Laurel, Maryland on September 26, 1958. Their widow died in Palm Beach, Florida in 1959, aged 71.
Legacy
Their personal papers are available for research at the Library of Congress.
In fiction, the character "Breckinridge Long", assistant Secretary of State, appears in Herman Wouk's War and Remembrance. and B.A. Shapiro's The Muralist.
In the 1988 miniseries War and Remembrance, they were portrayed by Eddie Albert.
References
External links
1881 births
1958 deaths
Ambassadors of the United States to Italy
Politicians from St. Louis
Washington University School of Law alumni
Breckinridge family
American racehorse owners and breeders
People from Laurel, Maryland
Princeton University alumni
20th-century American diplomats
Philippos Thessaloniki B.C. (full name PAS Phillipos Thessaloniki B.C.) is an athletic basketball sports club, that is based in the Agios Fanourios neighborhood of Toumba, Thessaloniki, Greece.
History
The parent athletic club was founded in 1947. Its first name was Dafni, and the official colors of the team were green. Later, the team was renamed to Philippos, and adopted blue and white colors. During the 1988–89 season, Philippos played without any foreign players on its roster, and finished in last place in the top-tier level Greek Basket League, with just three victories. As a result, the team was relegated down to the Greek 2nd Division. During the 1990–91 season, Philippos again had three wins in the Greek Basket League, and was again relegated down to the Greek 2nd Division. In that season, Philippos was the fourth most important team in Thessaloniki, and they played their home games at Alexandreio Melathron Nick Galis Hall.
Dimitris Itoudis was Philippos' head coach during the 1997–98 season, in which the club finished in third place in the Greek 2nd Division. Two years later, the club was relegated down to the Greek 3rd Division. The club continued to decline in the following years, and in 2015, was relegated down to the Fourth Regional Division of Thessaloniki, which is the eighth-tier level of Greece.
Titles and honors
Greek 2nd Division North Group Champion: (1985–86)
Notable players
Chronis Daskalakis
Christos Konstantinidis
Dimitris Oikonomidis
Babis Papadakis
Pantelis Papaioakeim
Vangelis Poulianitis
- Chris Papasarantou
Herman Harried
Boo Harvey
Head coaches
Dimitris Itoudis
References
Basketball teams in Greece
1947 establishments in Greece
Sports clubs in Thessaloniki
Martín Vladimir Rodríguez Torrejón (born 5 August 1994), nicknamed Tin Rodríguez, is a Chilean professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Major League Soccer side D.C. United.
Statistics
International goals
(Chile score listed first, score column indicates score after each Rodríguez goal)
Club
Huachipato
Primera División (1): 2012–C
Colo-Colo
Primera División (1): 2015–A
Copa Chile (1): 2016
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
People from Chañaral Province
Chilean footballers
Chile international footballers
Chile under-20 international footballers
Chilean expatriate footballers
C.D. Huachipato footballers
Colo-Colo footballers
Cruz Azul footballers
Club Universidad Nacional footballers
Atlético Morelia players
Mazatlán F.C. footballers
Altay S.K. footballers
D.C. United players
Chilean Primera División players
Liga MX players
Süper Lig players
Major League Soccer players
Expatriate footballers in Mexico
Chilean expatriate sportspeople in Mexico
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
Chilean expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Chilean expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Association football midfielders
Association football forwards
2017 FIFA Confederations Cup players
Margot Bennett may refer to:
Margot Bennett (writer) (1912–1980), Scottish writer of crime, thriller and science fiction novels
Margot Bennett (actor) (born 1935), American publicist and former actor
Mount Hordern () is a peak, high, standing south of Mount Coates in the David Range of Antarctica. It was discovered in February 1931 by the British Australian New Zealand Antarctic Research Expedition under Mawson, and named for Sir Samuel Hordern, a patron of this expedition and of the Australasian Antarctic Expedition under Mawson, 1911–14.
References
Mountains of Mac. Robertson Land
Cyrtochites is a genus of taxonomically-problematic tooth-shaped small shelly fossil reconstructed as the jaw of a predatory organism.
References
Cambrian invertebrates
Enigmatic prehistoric animal genera
Fossils of China
"Emotionless" is a song by Canadian musician Drake from their fifth studio album Scorpion (2018). Drake co-wrote the song with its producers No I.D., Noah "40" Shebib, and The 25th Hour. Mariah Carey, Robert Clivillés, and David Cole received songwriting credits for the sampling of a club remix of Carey's 1991 hit single "Emotions". Commercially, it has reached the top ten in the United Kingdom and the United States, giving Carey their 25th top-ten single as a songwriter in the latter country.
Personnel
Credits adapted from the album's liner notes and Tidal.
Noel Cadastre – recording
Noel "Gadget" Campbell – mixing
Greg Moffet – mixing assistance, recording assistance
Harley Arsenault – mixing assistance, recording assistance
Ronald Moonoo – mixing assistance
Noah "40" Shebib – production, recording
No I.D. – production
The 25th Hour – production
Charts
Certifications
References
2018 songs
Drake (musician) songs
Songs written by Drake (musician)
Songs written by Mariah Carey
Songs written by No I.D.
Songs written by 40 (record producer)
Songs written by Robert Clivillés
Songs written by David Cole (record producer)
The Rainbow is a novel by British author D. H. Lawrence, first published by Methuen & Co. in 1915. It follows three generations of the Brangwen family living in Nottinghamshire, focusing particularly on the individual's struggle to growth and fulfilment within the confining strictures of English social life. Lawrence's 1920 novel Women in Love is a sequel to The Rainbow.
Plot
The Rainbow tells the story of three generations of the Brangwen family, a dynasty of farmers and craftsmen who live in the east Midlands of England, on the borders of Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire. The book spans a period of roughly 65 years from the 1840s to 1905, and shows how the love relationships of the Brangwens change against the backdrop of the increasing industrialisation of Britain. The first central character, Tom Brangwen, is a farmer whose experience of the world does not stretch beyond these two counties; while the last, Ursula, their granddaughter, studies at university and becomes a teacher in the progressively urbanised, capitalist and industrial world.
The book starts with a description of the Brangwen dynasty, then deals with how Tom Brangwen, one of several brothers, fell in love with a Polish refugee and widow, Lydia. The next part of the book deals with Lydia's daughter by their first husband, Anna, and their destructive, battle-riven relationship with their husband, Will, the son of one of Tom's brothers. The last and most extended part of the book, and also probably the most famous, then deals with Will and Anna's daughter, Ursula, and their struggle to find fulfilment for their passionate, spiritual and sensual nature against the confines of the increasing materialist and conformist society around them They experience a same-sex relationship with a teacher, and a passionate but ultimately doomed love affair with Anton Skrebensky, a British soldier of Polish ancestry. At the end of the book, having failed to find their fulfilment in Skrebensky, they have a vision of a rainbow towering over the Earth, promising a new dawn for humanity:
"She saw in the rainbow the earth's new architecture, the old, brittle corruption of houses and factories swept away, the world built up in a living fabric of Truth, fitting to the over-arching heaven."
Censorship
Lawrence's frank treatment of sexual desire, and the part it plays within relationships as a natural and even spiritual force of life, caused The Rainbow to be prosecuted in an obscenity trial at Bow Street Magistrates' Court on 13 November 1915, as a result of which 1,011 copies were seized and burnt. After this ban it was unavailable in Britain for 11 years, although editions were available in the United States.
Sequel
The Rainbow was followed by a sequel in 1920, Women in Love. Although Lawrence conceived of the two novels as one, considering the titles The Sisters and The Wedding Ring for the work, they were published as two separate novels at the urging of their publisher. However, after the negative public reception of The Rainbow, Lawrence's publisher opted out of publishing the sequel.
Ursula's spiritual and emotional quest continues in Women in Love, in which they continue to be a main character. This second work follows them into a relationship with Rupert Birkin (often seen as a self-portrait by Lawrence), and follows their sister Gudrun's parallel relationship with Birkin's friend, Gerald Crich.
Reception
The philosopher Roger Scruton argues in Sexual Desire (1986) that "because we live in a world structured by gender, the other sex is forever to some extent a mystery to us, with a dimension of experience that we can imagine but never inwardly know." Scruton believes that the prevailing theme of Lawrence's novels is that "In desiring to unite with [the other sex], we are desiring to mingle with something that is deeply – perhaps essentially – not ourselves, and which brings us to experience a character and inwardness that challenge us with their strangeness." Scruton believes that The Rainbow vindicates Lawrence's vision. The critic Harold Bloom listed The Rainbow in their The Western Canon (1994) as one of the books that have been important and influential in Western culture. In 1999, the Modern Library ranked The Rainbow forty-eighth on a list of the 100 best novels in English of the 20th century.
Adaptations
In 1988, the BBC produced a television adaptation directed by Stuart Burge, with Imogen Stubbs in the role of Ursula Brangwen. The following year, the novel was adapted into the UK film The Rainbow, directed by Ken Russell, who had also directed the 1969 film adaptation Women in Love.
In 2021, BBC produced a new 2-part radio adaptation of the novel, aired on Radio 4 and starring Cassie Bradley in the role of Ursula and Karl Collins as Tom.
Further reading
Editions
The Rainbow (London: Methuen & Co., 1915): first edition.
The Rainbow (New York: B. W. Huebsch, 1915): first American edition.
The Rainbow (1915), edited by Mark Kinkead-Weekes, Cambridge University Press, 1989,
Letters
The Letters of D. H. Lawrence, ed. James Boulton and others, 7 vols. (Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 1979–93).
Biography
Delany, Paul, D. H. Lawrence's Nightmare: The Writer and their Circle in the Years of the Great War (Hassocks, Sussex: Harvester Press, 1978)
Kinkead-Weekes, Mark, D. H. Lawrence: Triumph to Exile, 1912 – 1922 (Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 1996)
Criticism
Beynon, Richard, The Rainbow and Women in Love (Cambridge: Icon Books) 1997
Clarke, Colin (ed.), D. H. Lawrence: The Rainbow and Women in Love: A Casebook (London: Macmillan, 1969),
Holderness, Graham, D. H. Lawrence: History, Ideology and Fiction (Dublin: Gill and Macmillan, 1982).
Ingram, Allan, The Language of D. H. Lawrence (London: Macmillan, 1990).
Kinkead-Weekes, Mark, The Marble and the Statue: The Exploratory Imagination of D. H. Lawrence, in Maynard Mack and lan Gregor (eds.), Imagined Worlds: Essays in Honour of John Butt (London: Methuen, 1968), pp. 371–418.
Kinkead-Weekes, Mark, The Marriage of Opposites in The Rainbow, in Mara Kalnins (ed.), D. H. Lawrence: Centenary Essays (Bristol: Bristol Classical Press, 1986), pp. 21–39.
Kinkead-Weekes, Mark, 'The Sense of History in The Rainbow', in Peter Preston and Peter Hoare (eds.), D. H. Lawrence in the Modern World (Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 1989), pp. 121–138.
Leavis, F. R., D H Lawrence: Novelist (London: Chatto and Windus, 1955)
Leavis, F. R., Thought, Words and Creativity: Art and Thought in Lawrence (London: Chatto and Windus, 1976)
Meyers, Jeffrey (ed.), D. H. Lawrence and Tradition (London: Athlone Press, 1985).
Meyers, Jeffrey (ed.), The Legacy of D. H. Lawrence: New Essays (London: Macmillan, 1987).
Mudrick, Marvin, The Originality of The Rainbow in Harry T Moore (ed.) A D. H. Lawrence Miscellany (Carbondale: Southern Illinois University Press, 1959).
Pinkney, Tony, D. H. Lawrence (Hemel Hempstead: Harvester Wheatsheaf, 1990).
Ross, Charles L., The Revisions of the Second Generation in The Rainbow, Review of English Studies, 27 (1976), pp. 277–295.
Ross, Charles L., The Composition of The Rainbow and Women in Love: A History (Charlottesville: University Press of Virginia, 1979).
Sanders, Scott, D. H. Lawrence: The World of the Major Novels (London: Vision Press, 1973).
Simpson, Hilary, D. H. Lawrence and Feminism (London: Groom Helm, 1982).
Smith, Anne (ed.), Lawrence and Women (London: Vision Press, 1978).
References
External links
Internet Archive on-line edition
Novels by D. H. Lawrence
1915 British novels
Novels set in Nottinghamshire
British novels adapted into films
British novels adapted into television shows
Modernist novels
Obscenity controversies in literature
Spire is a high-rise building containing 496 condominium homes in Denver, Colorado, in the United States. Standing at with 42 floors, Spire is the tenth tallest building in Denver and was designed by architecture firm RNL Design.
The building is at 14th Street and Champa Street in downtown Denver. It cost $175,000,000 to build, from 2007 to 2009. It is a LEED (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design) certified building with of amenity space, including a gym, pools and a spa, a top floor lounge, and of shops on the ground floor. It contains one-, two-, and three-bedroom apartments. It is currently owned by Plant Holdings NA, Inc.
The average price per square foot in January 2018 was $648.50/sf.
References
External links
Living above it all in Denver's second-highest downtown condo
Residential skyscrapers in Denver
Residential buildings completed in 2009
Phtheochroa lucentana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in northern Syria and Turkey.
References
Moths described in 1899
Phtheochroa
The Bahraini Premier League is an association football league in Bahrain.
Statistics of Bahraini Premier League in the 1974–75 season.
The basketball league of the same name had its first season in 1974-1975.
Overview
Arabi Club won the championship.
References
RSSSF
Bahraini Premier League seasons
Bah
football
The Tafwyl festival is an annual Welsh-language festival which takes place in Cardiff, Wales. It culminates with a two day open air festival, normally held in Cardiff Castle.
Background
The event was set up in 2006 and initially took place on a small scale outside the Mochyn Du pub near the city centre. Since 2012 it has been held at Cardiff Castle or in Bute Park, though in July 2017 it took place in Llandaff Fields in Pontcanna. It forms part of a series of summer festivals entitled Cardiff Festivals.
Tafwyl is now split into two events: Tafwyl Fair, the main event at the weekend, and Tafwyl Week, a 7 day fringe festival the week before. The main weekend event includes bars (selling amongst other things the specially brewed beer 'Cwrw Tafwyl') and street food outlets. The organisers describe Tafwyl Week as featuring "Welsh culture at its very finest".
The main festival is free to enter and in 2017 saw 38,000 visitors with a peak of over 8,000 in the grounds at any one time, compared to Cardiff Castle's maximum capacity of 5,000. In 2014 Tafwyl attracted 18,717 people.
Bands and performers appearing at the festival have included Bryn Fôn, Candelas, Elin Fflur, Geraint Jarman, Y Niwl, Meic Stevens, Sŵnami and Yws Gwynedd.
References
External links
Official English-language homepage
2017 evaluation report
Wales Online article
Festivals in Cardiff
Festivals established in 2006
Welsh language
Summer events in Wales
Panan Testing & Engineering Co., Ltd. is a company with offices located in mainland China and the United States. The company is known for distributing and servicing laboratory testing instruments. Historically, the company has distributed laboratory analysis and testing equipment used by the petrochemical and pharmaceutical industry throughout The People's Republic of China.
History
PanAn Testing & Engineering Co.,Ltd. was founded and established during 1998 by current Chairman David G. Zhou. The company began as an authorized dealer of Viscosity Testing Instruments for Cannon Instrument Company. PanAn provided sales, distribution, and engineering support within mainland China. Many of the equipment has been sold to SINOPEC, Petro-China, and CNOOC. PanAn has expanded its network towards supplying and supporting equipment manufactured by Fluitec, D-2, AD-Systems, Falex, Canty, PCS, Hydramotion, Thermaprobe, and Zematra etc.
PanAn Partnership Agreements
Cannon Instruments Company, founded by Dr. Michael R. Cannon during 1938, makes viscosity-related products. Through a partnership agreement, PanAn is the sole and exclusive dealer of Cannon Instruments in the Mainland China region by distributing and servicing products such as the HTHS, CCS, CMRV, mini-AV, mini-QV-X, SimpleVIS, CAB, BBR, and more to customers such as Exxon-Mobil, Shell, BASF, BP, etc.
Future developments
According to the Shanghai Lubricants Trade Association, PanAn Engineering is currently partnering with the National Institute of Technology and Standards. Panan is also assisting its sister company, Runningland, in technical and engineering support. In 2012, PanAn has entered a joint agreement with a US-based manufacturer of JF-1A-HH Handheld Conductivity Meters, D-2.
References
Companies based in Shanghai
Companies established in 1998
Privately held companies of China
Technology companies of China
Christian Gottlieb Kratzenstein (30 January 1723, Wernigerode – 6 July 1795, Copenhagen) was a German-born doctor, physicist and engineer. From 1753 to the end of their life they were a professor at the University of Copenhagen where they served as rector four times.  They are especially known for their investigations of the use of electricity in medicine and the first attempts at mechanical speech synthesis. As a teacher they wrote the first textbook on experimental physics in the united kingdom of Denmark-Norway.
Biography
Kratzenstein was baptized on 2 February 1723 in Wernigerode, Sachsen-Anhalt, Germany and grew up there in an academic family together with three brothers. Their father gave them a good upbringing and education. During the years 1733-1742 they attended the Latin school in the same city. Already at this age they were recognized for their interests in reading and learning. They were especially fascinated by the latest discoveries within the natural sciences and mechanics.
In 1742 Kratzenstein started to study physics and medicine at the university in Halle which at that time had a leading position in that region. Their interests turned now to the investigations of electricity and in particular the effects on living organisms. After four years they received in 1746 doctoral degrees in physics and in medicine. They were then only 23 years old. After two years as a privatdozent they were in 1748 elected to the Academy of Sciences Leopoldina in the same city.
At that time Kratzenstein had achieved international recognition and was in 1748 called to the science academy in Saint Petersburg. It is likely that Leonhard Euler, who had worked there earlier before they took up a new position at the Prussian Academy of Sciences in Berlin, had used their influence in this connection. They had corresponded with Kratzenstein over a period of several years.
In their new position Kratzenstein worked among other projects on improving instruments for navigation on the open seas. These were tried out in 1753 on a ship expedition from Arkhangelsk along the Norwegian coast through Kattegat and the Baltic Sea back to Saint Petersburg. During the voyage they had made a stop-over in Copenhagen and received a short time later an offer from the university there. In the fall of 1753 they were appointed professor of experimental physics and medicine. At the same time they were elected to the Royal Danish Academy of Sciences and Letters. They would remain in that city until their death.
Kratzenstein became known in a short time as an engaging lecturer and attracted a large audience of both regular students and interested persons from the citizenry. They covered topics ranging from the newest insights about plants and animals, through geology, physiology to physics and chemistry. At that time there were often rather diffuse separations between these disciplines. When they died, they had saved 12000 riksdaler which were bestowed to the university. A few years later this fund enabled Hans Christian Ørsted to build up their own laboratory for physical experiments.
Their work at the university strengthened the academic standards and manifested itself in many ways. Thus it was Kratzenstein who seized the initiative before the important transits of Venus in 1761 and 1769 instead of the astronomers at the Rundetårn observatory. In order to spread the impact of their lectures they wrote a textbook in experimental physics. It was published in several editions and appeared in German, French and Latin in addition to the Danish version. As a result of all their efforts and engagements they served as rector at the university during four periods.
During their time in Copenhagen they maintained contacts with their former colleagues in Saint Petersburg. The science academy there announced in 1778 a prize competition concerning the mechanisms behind the vowels A, E, I, O and U in human speech. Euler had previously been interested in this problem and it is likely that they were behind the formulation of the task. Kratzenstein won the first prize in 1780 by constructing a «vowel organ» which could produce these special sounds. This represents one of the first contributions to modern speech synthesis.
By their wide range of engagements and temperament Kratzenstein would often end up in conflicts with their colleagues. In later years they suffered in addition from illnesses which could have been caused by their chemical experiments. After their wife Anna Margrethe Hagen, with whom they had four children, died in 1783, they actively sought a new wife and married the year after Anna Maria Thuun from Hamburg. At the big fire in Copenhagen 1795 they lost most of their possessions and scientific equipment. They moved out to the suburb Frederiksberg where they died a month later.
Important contributions
Kratzenstein was a polymath and a typical representative of the Enlightenment. New ideas and discoveries were changing the understanding of the world. Observations and experiments should replace old dogmas and superstition. This conviction characterized the whole life of Kratzenstein whose curiosity led them in many directions. They excelled more by practical investigations and building of instruments than by developing new theoretical insights that would survive their own times.
Body and soul
As a student in Halle Kratzenstein made their first step to fame by their pamphlet Beweis, dass die Seele ihren Körper baue in 1743. This was typical for the philosophical discourse at the university at that time. In this work they discussed the location of the soul in the body and how living organisms can continue to function after amputations and other severe changes to the body. If animals also had a soul, one had to explain what it does in a polyp which can grow up from a smaller part of an existing polyp. Such questions continued to occupy them in the following years in Halle where they also investigated parasites in the human body, for example tapeworms.
At the same time in 1744 they also wrote the essay Théorie sur l'Elévation des Vapeurs et des Exhalaisons dans l'Air in a prize competition announced by the science academy in Bordeaux. Here they are the physicist trying to arrive at a more microscopic explanation of what today is called gases and vapors. They estimated that a drop of water would transform into five hundred million smaller pieces by evaporation.
Electricity and electrotherapy
Already during their upbringing in Wernigerode had Kratzenstein become acquainted with electrostatic generators and seen the effects an electric current could have. This interest they widened during their studies in Halle with a special emphasis on the potential use of electricity in medicine. Their thoughts in this direction they published in 1744 under the title Abhandlung von dem Nutzen der Electricität in der Arzeneiwissenschaft. From experiments and observations they had seen how electricity could affect the human pulse and perspiration. In the same way they saw how electrical discharges could heal certain neurological disorders. These ideas were later taken up by others and developed into what today is generically called electrotherapy.
Based on these ideas and investigations by Kratzenstein there have been speculations that they could have been a model for the fictitious doctor Frankenstein in the book of the same name written by Mary Shelley several decades later.
Two years later Kratzenstein wrote the more theoretical work Theoria electricitatis mores geometrica explicata on the nature of electricity. Around this time they made measurements to find out how the electric force between two charged objects varied with their separation. On the theoretical side they argued that the electrical current was due to the motion of two fluids which today would correspond to the flow of positive and negative electric charges. The charges themselves should be due to vortices in these fluids. Around the same time Benjamin Franklin explained the same phenomena based on a one-fluid picture where negative charge was due to a lack of positive charge. It was this explanation that prevailed.
Together with a similar thesis about bodily fluids and their properties, Kratzenstein received in 1746 a doctor's degree both in physics and in medicine.
Navigation
During the five years at the science academy in Saint Petersburg Kratzenstein was to a large extent occupied by improving methods and equipment for navigation on the high seas. The magnetic compass was made more reliable, astronomical observations should be made more precise together with the development of more accurate clocks to be used on ships for the determination of geographical longitude.
These new instruments were tried out on the voyage from Arkhangelsk to Saint Petersburg in 1753 Kratzenstein discovered that the Norwegian coast was placed 150 km too far east on contemporary maps. This can seem unlikely due to the lack of accuracy of the watches being used. Many years later in 1793 Kratzenstein received a prize from the academy in Saint Petersburg for these observations and other magnetic measurements made on the same voyage.
Mathematical Calculation
In April 1765 at Saint Petersburg, Kratzenstein presented to the Russian Academy of Sciences a perfected version of the stepped reckoner arithmetical machine originally invented by Gottfried Leibniz. Kratzenstein claimed that their machine solved the problem the Leibniz machine had with calculations above four digits, perfecting the flaw where the machine is "prone to err whenever it is necessary to make a number of 9999 moves to 10000", but the machine was not developed further.
Transits of Venus
After the first observed transit of Venus in 1619, Edmund Halley had stressed the importance of the two upcoming transits in 1761 and 1769. Also in the Nordic countries there was great interest in taking part in these observations. In Copenhagen it was the astronomers in the local observatory Rundetårn who formally were responsible for such activities. But in practice it was Kratzenstein who became the leader of this endeavour. In public lectures before the transit in 1761 they presented the theoretical background for this rare phenomenon and calculated transit times together with suggestions for suitable places of observation.
For the first transit they thus knew that it would be important to make the measurements further nord. They thus organized an expedition to Trondheim consisting of two students. One of them was Thomas Bugge, who was then 20 years old and later would become an astronomer and important land surveyor in Denmark. The other student was Urban Bruun Aaskow, who was even younger and studied medicine. Because of bad weather their observations in Trondheim were of little use. In Copenhagen the weather conditions were much better, but there the observations in Rundetårn failed due to inaccurate clocks.
The next transit in the summer of 1769 would take place during the night in the continental Europe and could thus not so easily be observed. But north of the polar circle there would be midnight sun and thus ideal for observations. The united kingdom Denmark-Norway could therefore make important contributions to this transit. Thus by a royal decree from Christian VII an expedition to the northernmost military post in Vardø was established. But in this process Kratzenstein was sidelined in favour of the Hungarian astronomer Maximilian Hell. The expedition was successful and the observations turned out to be of great value.
A disappointed Kratzenstein had in the meantime organized a private expedition to Trondheim. On the way there it suffered a shipwreck where Kratzenstein saved themselves by swimming ashore. They reached Tronheim barely in time but bad weather made meaningful observations impossible.
Speech synthesis
The physical understanding of sound waves was established around 1750 by Leonhard Euler and others. From 1766 Euler was again back at the science academy in Saint Petersburg. In a letter from 1773 they asked the question how speech could arise from the flow of air through the vocal folds and tract. An unanswered question was related to what tonal qualities characterised the different letters when spoken. Euler speculated that it should perhaps be possible to build some kind of musical instrument which could produce similar sounds and string them together to understandable words. One possibility was to build on the existing vox humana which could be found in some pipe organs. The result would then be a mechanical speech synthesizer. They pointed also out that the vowels would be of special importance.
Kratzenstein had followed this discussion since they remained in contact with Euler and already from 1770 had been investigating the same problems. From their textbooks in experimental physics it is clear that they had a good understanding of the physics behind sound. It was therefore not so surprising that the academy in Saint Petersburg in 1778 announced a new prize problem exactly around these questions. The first part should investigate the tonal differences between the five vowels A, E, I, O and U, while the latter part asked for a device which could generate these sounds.
At the final evaluation by the academy in 1780, it was Kratzenstein's "vowel organ" that got the first prize. Their contribution Tentamen resolvendi problema was published the year after. It consisted of a first part describing how the vowels could be produced in the vocal tract. Their medical background was here of great help. The second part was the construction of a new kind of organ with pipes for each of the vowels. Each pipe had a characteristic resonant cavity which should emulate the vocal tract for the corresponding vowel. In order to excite these resonators they made use of free reeds which at that time were little known.
This instrument was demonstrated in Saint Petersburg to the full satisfaction of the academy, but was damaged and disappeared shortly afterwards. But the use of free reeds in musical instruments became later widespread and can today be found in the harmonica, accordion, harmonium and bandoneon. It is not known how Kratzenstein got the idea to use them, but they had for a long time been a central part of the Chinese musical instrument sheng.
References
Further reading
Sieghard Scheffczyk: Aus Wernigerode nach Europa – Das bewegte Leben des Christian Gottlieb Kratzendsten. In Neue Wernigeröder Zeitung; 4, 2011, p. 21
External links
C. Korpiun, Akustik des Sprechens, Universität Duisburg-Essen.
C. Korpiun, Kratzenstein-Resonatoren, Universität Duisburg-Essen.
18th-century German physicists
1723 births
1795 deaths
Rectors of the University of Copenhagen
People from Wernigerode
AppleTree Markets was a supermarket chain in Texas formed in 1969 when Safeway opened its first stores in Houston, which were spun off under the AppleTree name in 1988. The division once had 100 stores in Greater Houston and Greater Austin. By January 21, 2002, AppleTree had reduced its holdings to two stores in Bryan, Texas, where it had shifted its headquarters. One of the remaining locations was sold in 2009 and the final location, in Bryan at Highway 21 and Texas Avenue, closed in early 2012, marking the end of the chain.
History
Safeway
Safeway put its 18-year-old Houston division up for sale in 1988 in an effort to raise money to pay off debts from a $4 billion leveraged buyout in 1986. On June 14, 1988, Safeway agreed to sell its Houston division to Texas Supermarkets Inc., a holding company formed by local investors Duncan Cook & Co. and the Sterling Group. The deal included 50 stores in Houston, 20 in Austin, stores in 23 other communities in East and Central Texas, along with a distribution center, frozen food warehouse, bread manufacturing plant and milk processing plant. At the time of the $174 million transaction, Safeway's 18 percent market share ranked third in the Houston market behind Kroger, with 27 percent, and Randall's Food Markets, with 21 percent. M. Dean Gantt, the former Houston division manager, assumed the position of president and chief executive officer of Texas Supermarkets Inc., which initially owned only eight of the stores from the transaction and leased the rest from Safeway. Texas Supermarkets was allowed to operate under the Safeway banner until June 28, 1989, but it would continue to do so until a new name began appearing in July 1989—AppleTree Markets. Five stores were renamed Budget Stores, stores with slightly lower prices on some items and fewer specialty shops such as delis, bakeries, and floral shops. The last of the Safeway banners was replaced in September 1989.
Gantt retired abruptly in October 1989 and was replaced a month later by Arthur L. Patch, senior vice president of Dublin, California-based Lucky Stores Inc.
Bankruptcy
The company struggled with the debt that originated from the 1988 leveraged buyout out Safeway's stores. After failed attempts to restructure that debt, AppleTree sought Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in 1992. Soon after the filing, AppleTree announced its plans to begin closing stores. Arthur Patch resigned their post in March 1992, and the chairperson of the company's board, Fred R. Lummis, took the helm. Also a growing problem was the chain's aging store base. The bulk of Safeway units in Houston dated from the late 1960s and early 1970s, and a logo change in 1981-1982 was the only alteration, if any, to most of such stores before the AppleTree split. Many former Weingarten's stores, which had been acquired by Safeway in 1983, were even older. A very small minority of Houston Safeways were built in 1986, but these were larger and had a more modern, conventional prototype. This was in contrast to the reinvention of Super Fresh beginning in the early 1990s, a chain which itself was spun off from A&P's Philadelphia division in 1982. Also in Philadelphia, many A&P as well as Acme and Food Fair (doing business as Pantry Pride in its later years, and not related to the current Houston chain of the same name), and Penn Fruit (acquired by Food Fair during the same period) stores closed and reopened as IGA and related chains Thriftway, Shop 'n Bag, O&O, Pick Well, Great Valu (SuperValu), and ShopRite. Philadelphia retail icon Thrift Drug was also absorbed into Eckerd in 1997, but many of its stores were relocated or closed soon after.
To cut costs and raise cash, AppleTree continued to close stores or sell its stores to competitors such as Fiesta Mart, Gerland's Food Fair, and Market Basket. The company would also look to move its headquarters to a smaller facility, as well as close its distribution warehouse. AppleTree formerly had its headquarters in the Spring Branch area and in Houston.
In its reorganization plan, AppleTree announced plans to close or sell 33 additional stores. Ultimately, AppleTree announced in November 1993 it would sell its remaining 49 stores to competitors. Randall's Food Markets acquired eleven locations in Greater Austin and three in Greater Houston. Eleven stores were sold to Kroger, five stores to Gerland's, four to Fiesta Mart, three stores to Rice Food Markets, and one store each to Cox's Foodarama, Big Chief Super Markets, Stanley Stores, and Super Warehouse Foods. Some of the former Safeway stores Randall's purchased from AppleTree became part of Safeway once again when Safeway bought Randall's in 1999. One location at 8620 Stella Link became a Sellers Bros.
As a result of the reduction of stores, AppleTree's northwest Houston grocery distribution facility, which included a refrigerated warehouse, a large bakery and a major milk plant, was larger than AppleTree's needs. The facility was still owned by Safeway, and it was sold to H-E-B. As a result, AppleTree would buy its dairy products from a supplier and also relocated its headquarters to a building in northwest Houston.
Independent chain and closing
With the sales, AppleTree would be reduced to six stores; three in Bryan-College Station, two in Houston, and one in Huntsville. AppleTree chief executive Tony Kubicek purchased the last six AppleTree stores and planned to operate the stores as an independent, Houston-based chain bearing the AppleTree name.
However, the chain did not fare well – after closing the lone Huntsville store and one of the two Houston locations, in 1997 AppleTree closed its other Houston location. With the closing, AppleTree operated three stores in Bryan-College Station, where it would eventually relocate its corporate staff.
AppleTree further retrenched to its two Bryan locations after closing its College Station store in 2002. In February 2009, AppleTree sold its Briarcrest Drive store in Bryan to local resident Jim Lewis. Lewis used the location to open a new grocery store, Village Foods and rehired all of the AppleTree employees who'd been left unemployed by the closing. The final AppleTree location, in Bryan at Highway 21 and Texas Avenue, closed in early 2010.
References
External links
Retail companies established in 1969
Retail companies disestablished in 2012
Defunct supermarkets of the United States
History of Houston
Companies based in Bryan, Texas
Brazos County, Texas
Companies that filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 1992
1969 establishments in Texas
2012 disestablishments in Texas
Patterson Belknap Webb & Tyler LLP, founded in 1919, is a law firm headquartered in New York City.
Notable alumni
Former Attorney General of the United States and federal judge Michael B. Mukasey was a partner at the firm before their accession to the bench in 1988, and served many years as a judge, returning to the firm before being appointed Attorney General.
Former President of Georgia Mikheil Saakashvili was formerly an intern with the firm.
Another former law partner is the former Manhattan District Attorney Robert Morgenthau.
Robert P. Patterson, Jr. and Paul G. Gardephe, formerly and currently a federal judge on the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, were formerly partners.
Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani (1977 - 1981)
Richard Parsons, former Chairman of Citigroup and Time Warner
Allison Rutledge-Parisi, chief administrative officer for Kaplan, Inc. and former actor, who appeared in Whit Stillman's Metropolitan (1990).
Togo D. West, Jr., former United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs
Notable partners
Edward F. Cox, son-in-law of President Richard Nixon
Guy Otto Farmer, former chair of the National Labor Relations Board
Peter C. Harvey, former Attorney General of New Jersey
William F. Cavanaugh Jr., former Deputy Assistant Attorney General for Civil Matters in the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice from 2009 to 2010.
References
External links
Patterson Belknap Webb & Tyler LLP Web Site
Law firms based in New York City
Law firms established in 1919
The Olympic class is a series of six container ships built for Mediterranean Shipping Company (MSC). The ships have a maximum theoretical capacity of 19,224 twenty-foot equivalent units (TEU). The ships were built by Daewoo Shipbuilding and Marine Engineering (DSME).
List of ships
See also
References
Container ship classes
Ships built by Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering
Northern Ireland national cerebral palsy football team is the national cerebral football team for Northern Ireland that represents the team in international competitions. The team was ranked thirteenth in the world in 2016. At the 2015 IFCPF World Championships, they finished fourteenth in a fifteen deep field.
Background
The Irish Football Association manages the national team. While Northern Ireland was active in participating on the World Championship level by 2016, the country did not have a national championship to support national team player development.
Ranking
Northern Ireland was ranked thirteenth in the world by the IFCPF in November 2014 and 2016. In August 2013, the team was ranked fifteenth. Northern Ireland was ranked twenty-first in July 2011 and September 2012.
Results
Northern Ireland has participated in a number of international tournaments. The team was scheduled to participate in the 2016 IFCPF Qualification Tournament World Championships in Vejen, Denmark in early August. The tournament was part of the qualifying process for the 2017 IFCPF World Championships. Other teams scheduled to participate included Scotland, Canada, Portugal, Iran, Australia, Venezuela, Japan, Republic of South Korea, Germany, Denmark, and Spain.
IFCPF World Championships
Northern Ireland has participated in the IFCPF World Championships.
References
Cerebral Palsy
Great Britain at the Paralympics
National cerebral palsy football teams
Turcato is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Carlo Turcato (1921–2017), Italian fencer
Dino Turcato (born 1946), Italian weightlifter
Giulio Turcato (1912–1995), Italian artist
Italian-language surnames
Balconville is a bilingual play by Canadian playwright David Fennario. It is a two-act drama that is considered to be Fennario's best known play. Balconville was the first bilingual play in Canadian theatre history, and about a third of the play's dialogue is in French.
The play was first performed at the Centaur Theatre in 1979, under the direction of Guy Sprung. It opened to highly favourable reviews and subsequently toured the country and made its way to Europe, where the reviews were not nearly as enthusiastic. The play has been a "work in progress" and was greeted with high praise during a 1992 production at the Centaur. It won the Floyd S. Chalmers Canadian Play Award in 1980. The play has been remounted many times.
The story takes place in Pointe-Saint-Charles, a neighbourhood of Montréal that was one of Canada's first industrial slums. It unfolds during a hot summer in which Montréal's major league baseball team, the Montréal Expos, were playing well. Three families and the neighbourhood delivery boy sit on balconies in the heat of a Montréal summer, forced to listen to election promises in both languages from the broadcast truck a local politician who is running for re-election. The play explores the socio-economic rumblings of this ethnic melting pot, including the ongoing French/English question as it was perceived at that time.
In 2005, a sequel play by Fennario, Condoville was staged by Montréal's Centaur Theater.
References
Canadian plays
1979 plays
Bilingualism in Canada
Plays set in Montreal
Le Sud-Ouest
The 1995–96 Saudi Premier League was won by Al-Hilal for the 7th time after defeating Al Ahli in the final played in Jeddah. Al Taawon and Al Raed, both of whom represented Buraydah were relegated.
Stadia and locations
Final league table
Playoffs
Semifinals
Third place match
Final
External links
RSSSF Stats
Saudi Arabia Football Federation
Saudi League Statistics
Saudi Premier League seasons
Saudi Professional League
Professional League
Zatrephes lentiginosus is a moth in the family Erebidae. It was described by Walter Rothschild in 1917. It is found in French Guiana.
References
Phaegopterina
Moths described in 1917
Brother Andrew Benjamin Gonzalez, F.S.C. (29 February 1940 – 29 January 2006) was a Filipino linguist, writer, educator, and a De La Salle Brother. They served as president of De La Salle University from 1979 to 1991 and from 1994 to 1998. From 1998 to 2001 they served as Secretary of the Department of Education, Culture and Sports under the presidency of Joseph Estrada. After their term ended, they returned to De La Salle University as vice president for Academics and Research from 2001 to 2003 and as Presidential Adviser for Academics and Research from 2003 to 2005.
They earned their Ph.D. in linguistics from the University of California, Berkeley.
Early life
Gonzalez was born as Macario Diosdado Arnedo Gonzalez "in Manila to Augusto Gonzalez, a prominent business person, wealthy landowner, and the son of Dr. Joaquin Gonzalez; and Rosario Arnedo, daughter of Pampanga Governor Macario Arnedo.
Gonzalez attended and completed grade school at De La Salle College in Manila. They were a consistent honor student and graduated as salutatorian. They also finished their high school at De La Salle College in 1955 as Valedictorian. Their love for teaching made them decide to become a De La Salle Christian Brother. They finished their novitiate at the De La Salle Retreat House in Baguio on November 20, 1955, and made their initial vows the year after. They joined the Scholasticate of the De La Salle Christian Brothers in Winona, Minnesota, U.S.A. on December 10, 1956. They studied at Saint Mary's University of Minnesota, a Christian Brother-run college in Winona and earned their Bachelor of Arts degree at the top of their class at the age of 19. They obtained their Master of Arts in English Literature from The Catholic University of America in Washington, D.C., the year after.
They returned to the Philippines in 1960 and began teaching English Language and Literature at the high school department of La Salle College in Bacolod, Negros Occidental. They served in several administrative positions at De La Salle College in Manila from 1964 to 1967 and made their final vows as a De La Salle Brother on May 30, 1965. They took up graduate courses in linguistics in the Philippine Normal College. They were admitted to the doctoral program in linguistics at the University of California, Berkeley as a Regent's Fellow in Linguistics and as a Stanley Tasheira Scholar in 1967 and completed the PhD degree in 1970.
Return to the Philippines
Gonzalez returned to the Philippines in 1971 where they were chosen to become the chairperson of the Humanities Department of De La Salle College and was promoted to Academic Vice President from 1971 to 1978. Upon the sudden death of then De La Salle University President- Brother H. Gabriel Connon FSC, Gonzalez became the Acting President. In recognition of their exceptional management ability, they were elected as the president of De La Salle University by the board of trustees in 1979 and served until 1991. After their term as university president, they were designated as president of Manila Bulletin Publishing Corporation, and in 1994 they were elected to their second term as president of De La Salle University-Manila where they served until 1998. They were appointed as the Secretary of the Department of Education, Culture and Sports during the term of President Joseph Ejercito Estrada in July 1998 and served until January 2001. During their term as DECS Secretary they got involved with the Ford Expedition Scandal. They rejoined De La Salle University-Manila as vice president for Academics and Research from 2001 to 2003 and as Presidential Adviser for Academics and Research from 2003 to 2005. Manila Bulletin gave them the title of President Emeritus on January 26, 2006.
As President of De La Salle University Manila
As president of De La Salle University Manila, they conceptualized the De La Salle University System and helped expand the range of Lasallian education in the Philippines. Brother Andrew established the College of Career Development of De La Salle University-Manila which became the De La Salle-College of Saint Benilde and took over a college and a medical school in Dasmariñas, Cavite which respectively became De La Salle University-Dasmariñas and the De La Salle Medical and Health Sciences Institute. They prioritized graduate education by creating new masteral and doctoral degree programs. They also wrote many books in linguistics and education. Under their term, De La Salle University-Manila underwent significant developments as an institution of higher learning, particularly in the areas of research and faculty and program development. They also promoted Alumni activities, and boosted scholarly activities on campus. For example, they made their private collection of books available to members of the public, especially ones interested in learning about applied linguistics.
As Education Secretary
They initiated the revision of the Basic Education Curriculum and placed a corruption-free procurement system which significantly reduced the costs of textbooks and supplies purchased by the Department of Education, Culture and Sports. They initiated the changing of language of instruction to the lingua franca for the first three grades.
Recognition
In recognition of Gonzalez's achievements, they received awards from the City of Manila, National Press Club, Adamson University and from San Beda College. They received honorary doctorate degrees from Waseda University and Soka University in Japan, St. Paul University in Canada and from St. Mary's College of California. De La Salle University Manila granted them the title of President Emeritus on September 28, 2005, and DLSU-Manila's new state-of-the-art 20-storey General Education Building was named the Brother Andrew Gonzalez Hall.
Apalit Technical Vocational High School in San Juan, Apalit, Pampanga was renamed Bro. Andrew Gonzales Technical High School in their honor.
Death
Gonzalez died due to complications of diabetes on January 29, 2006, at the De La Salle University Medical Center of De La Salle Medical and Health Sciences Institute in Dasmariñas, Cavite. Their remains were brought to the De La Salle Brothers' Mausoleum at Lipa City, Batangas.
References
Further reading
Biographies of Famous Kapampangan - Macario Diosdado Arnedo Gonzalez
1940 births
2006 deaths
People from Manila
Filipino Roman Catholics
Roman Catholic religious brothers
De La Salle Brothers in the Philippines
De La Salle University alumni
Catholic University of America alumni
University of California, Berkeley alumni
Saint Mary's University of Minnesota alumni
Linguists from the Philippines
Filipino educators
Filipino writers
Presidents of De La Salle University
Secretaries of Education of the Philippines
Deaths from diabetes
Estrada administration cabinet members
Philippine Normal University alumni
Presidents of universities and colleges in the Philippines
20th-century linguists
WRNW (97.3 FM) is a sports radio station in Milwaukee, Wisconsin owned and operated by iHeartMedia. WRNW's studios are located with iHeartMedia's other Milwaukee operations in rural-suburban Greenfield, with their transmitter located with the WISN-TV tower in Milwaukee's Lincoln Park.
History
Early years
The station started as WISN-FM, the second iteration of the station after a short-lived attempt in 1949 on 102.9 FM, where WHQG now resides. From the beginning, it has been a sister to WISN/1130 (starting as a straight simulcast of WISN), and for many years WISN-TV (channel 12) under the founding ownership of the Hearst Corporation. For most of 97.3's early two decades between its sign-on in January 1961 and 1978, it carried automated beautiful music like longtime rival (through Journal and Hearst's various Milwaukee ventures) WTMJ-FM, which converted to automated top 40 in 1974 as WKTI.
In January 1978, the station flipped to AOR as WLPX, using consultant Lee Abrams' "SuperStars" format. The station became an immediate success in the ratings, even pushing rival WZMF to tighten their format, and later drop it altogether for beautiful music. WLPX also sponsored future NASCAR driver Alan Kulwicki on local racetracks.
In the summer of 1983, WLPX abruptly switched to CHR, first as 97X, then shortly after as WBTT, B-97. WBTT was an affiliate of Dan Ingram's Top 40 Satellite Survey for a short period of time.
Light 97
Light adult contemporary became the format in April 1985 as "Light 97" with the WLTQ call sign. The station's DJ's, before the 1997 sale of WLTQ and WISN Radio from Hearst to iHeartMedia (then known as Clear Channel Communications), often appeared on WISN-TV in various roles, including hosting telethon and remote programming, and programs involving the Wisconsin Lottery in order to keep the line between the Channel 12 newsroom and other station operations clear from impropriety.
WLTQ featured the popular syndicated Delilah program in the evening shift.
Despite the station's high ratings over the years (particularly in the "at-work" audience), by 2003, WLTQ's ratings started dropping considerably, as the station's stodgy "Light" image turned many younger listeners away, who associated it negatively as resembling 'elevator music' with the fading of both easy listening and lite AC formats in the late 1990s into the early 2000s.
97.3 The Brew
On September 17, 2004, at Noon, "Light 97.3" signed off with "We Said Hello, Goodbye" by Phil Collins. WLTQ then began stunting with songs with the words "air" or "America" in the title, telling people "Milwaukee will be TALKing about 97.3" while airing clips of Al Franken, promoting to listen the following Monday at 6 a.m. Clear Channel played into rumors of conversion of the station into a left-wing Air America-based talk format, already carried by WLTQ's sister station in Madison.
When the reformat took place though, 97.3 instead adopted an '80s-centric Classic rock format as 97.3 The Brew, launching with "(You Can Still) Rock in America" by Night Ranger. 97.3's callsign was soon changed to WQBW to match the branding. The Brew's" initial slogan was "Rock of the '80s and More". The slogan eventually changed to "The Biggest Variety of Rock Hits" as the format morphed towards adult hits. Their television ads and billboard advertisements featured an obese shirtless man named "Dancin' Kevin" based on an imaging campaign at WLUP-FM in Chicago. The station's personalities were mainly voicetracked from other Clear Channel markets.
WQBW immediately experienced ratings success with the new format, which led to direct competitors WKLH and WLZR (both sister stations owned by Saga Communications) adjusting their playlists and formats accordingly; WLZR (which had already been experiencing declines due to a decline in the format and awkward schedule flow from their talk-centric morning show) dropped its active rock format for a more older-targeting, harder-leaning mainstream rock format as "The Hog", while WKLH (airing a straightforward classic rock format) adopted new on-air imaging. Both of these changes drew listeners back from WQBW, prompting the station to shift towards adult hits by 2008. In addition, rival WKTI (then playing hot AC) flipped to adult hits that same year, with a playlist featuring many of the same artists being played on WQBW. With all of these changes, WQBW ended up being the lowest-rated station in the market with the format it originated.
97.3 Now
At 9 a.m. on May 28, 2010, after playing "The Final Countdown" by Europe, the station abruptly flipped to CHR with the branding "97-3 Radio Now", launching with "TikTok" by Ke$ha. The move was made quickly to pre-empt an expected format change by WJZX. A day earlier, WJZX ended its smooth jazz format and began a stunt format known as "Tiger Radio." The station's new format was likely to be Rhythmic Top 40 under the new callsign WNQW, which prompted Clear Channel to act quickly and claim the "Now" name and brand before WJZX owner Saga Communications could claim it. The airstaff and the morning show returned to the station on July 26, though the title of the morning show changed to "Connie and Curtis" after "Fish" Calloway's departure a week after the format change (Calloway would later take the morning slot at WZEE's Rhythmic Top 40 rival in Madison, WJQM).
On June 10, 2010, WQBW's call letters were officially changed to WRNW. These calls had previously been used from 1960 until 1982 for WXPK in the New York City suburb of Briarcliff Manor, the station where Howard Stern first came into the broadcasting industry.
WRNW's format change gave longtime top 40 powerhouses WXSS their first in-market competition since WKTI's switch to WLWK. WRNW's Top 40 musical direction favors a pop/rock approach, as it plays less Rhythmic/Hip-Hop than WXSS and most other large market Top 40 (CHR) stations. This musical direction both differentiates the station from WXSS and protects WRNW's urban sister station, WKKV.
On August 31, 2012, Connie and Curtis was ended on both WZEE and WRNW, to be replaced with Clear Channel's internally syndicated Elvis Duran and the Morning Show on September 4. That same week, WRNW picked up new competition from WZBK-FM, who, after WRNW beat them to the punch with the "Radio Now" format flip, finally made the switch to Rhythmic Top 40, this time as "Energy 106.9," (and new call letters WNRG-FM) on September 7, 2012.
In late April 2015, the station re-branded as "97-3 Now" and given a logo resembling that of iHeartMedia's KISS-FM branded stations (a branding WXSS holds local rights to), though with no major changes to the format or schedule.
On September 14, 2016, the station announced that the morning show would be brought back to being hosted locally in-house, with former WXSS morning personality Rahny Taylor returning to Milwaukee after a three-year stint on the national K-Love network to host the new show, starting the next day.
97.3 The Game
Just after Midnight on November 27, 2018, after playing "Eastside" by Benny Blanco and a commercial break, WRNW flipped to sports talk as 97.3 The Game, inheriting the local programming of sister AM station WOKY (including Drew & KB, The Crossover, The Mike Heller Show, and The Double Team). Fox Sports Radio programs are carried between 7 p.m. and 6 a.m. and on weekends. With this change, WOKY shifted to a largely syndicated lineup, carrying most of the national Fox Sports Radio lineup. WRNW also carries coverage of Wisconsin Badgers sports from Learfield Sports in lieu of the former split between WOKY and WRIT-FM, along with WOKY's former national rights with Westwood One Sports and the three NASCAR radio networks (MRN/PRN/IMSRN); for the Badgers, games continue to also air on WOKY. Much of WRNW's daytime schedule has been subsequently syndicated across the state of Wisconsin, mainly to stations owned by Midwest Communications, as of November 2, 2020 (iHeartMedia's presence in those markets is limited due to market concentration among other station groups). That group runs WRNW's programming on WNFL in Green Bay, WRIG in the Wausau market, and WDSM in Duluth–Superior, along with their associated urban FM translators, with WDSM specifically taking "The Game" branding full-time. In March 2021, WTSO in Madison, formerly co-branded with WOKY, began to air the full WRNW schedule in Madison; it had already taken "The Game" branding in association with Fox Sports Radio in early 2020.
On October 27, 2021, the Green Bay Packers announced that WRNW would become the team's Milwaukee affiliate for the Packers Radio Network in 2022, ending a 93-year run on WTMJ, which had served as flagship station for most of that time. The team was already airing on iHeartMedia stations in Madison, Eau Claire, and Moline, Illinois.
WRNW-HD2
On April 25, 2006, Clear Channel announced that WQBW's HD2 subchannel would carry Radio Radio from their Format Lab, a format focusing on classic modern rock hits. It was later replaced by the Rock Nation feed from Format Lab, which features active rock. Later on from February 2011 until August 2012, the HD2 signal carried iHeartRadio's "Spin Cycle" automated format with dance/EDM tracks.
At the beginning of August 2012, the HD2 signal began to carry the audio of WISN; although their AM signal is also carried in HD Radio, it is limited after sunset. This returns what had begun as WISN-FM to carrying their AM sister station in some form for the first time in decades.
History of callsign
The callsign WISN-FM was previously assigned to a Milwaukee station that began broadcasting July 11, 1949. It broadcast on 102.9 MHz, a frequency now held by WHQG.
References
External links
"Connie & Curtis" website
"New format is going to party like it's 1989" (JSonline.com)
"WLTQ-FM changed on its own, honest" (JSonline.com)
RNW
Radio stations established in 1961
1961 establishments in Wisconsin
IHeartMedia radio stations
Sports radio stations in the United States
Fox Sports Radio stations
Knotting is a small village in Bedfordshire, located near the border with Northamptonshire. Nearby places are, Sharnbrook, Podington, Odell, Melchbourne, Yielden, Newton Bromswold, Souldrop and Rushden over the border in Northamptonshire.
Population
The parish was covered by the 2001 UK Census but was combined with neighbouring Souldrop. In 2001, there was a combined population of 269 people - in 110 households. In 1831, there were just 135 inhabitants of Knotting alone, therefore it is possible that the population has not really altered.
It is in the civil parish of Knotting and Souldrop.
Parish church
The Parish Church is partly of 12th century Norman construction, including a chancel arch with carved decoration, and is dedicated to St Margaret. The registers date from 1592 and many of these are deposited at the Bedfordshire and Luton Archives and Records Service. The church was vested with the Churches Conservation Trust on 1 April 2009.
References
External links
St. Margaret's Church
Villages in Bedfordshire
Borough of Bedford
The St. Louis GateKeepers are an all-men's flat-track roller derby team based in St. Louis, Missouri. It was founded in November 2009 by Magnum, p.i.m.p. (Scott Meyer), a referee for the Arch Rival Rollergirls, and Bat Wing (Evan Jones). Since then, the league has grown to support two touring travel teams (the main travel team and the B-Keepers, the travelling B-team) and three local teams: The Creve Coroners, The Central West Friends, and the Raiders of Forest Park.
History
The St. Louis GateKeepers were conceived by Scott Meyer (who skates under the name Magnum p.i.m.p.) and Evan Jones (Bat Wing) on the way from a men's roller derby bout in Sioux City. Together, they started the GateKeepers in November 2009. Since then, the league has grown from starting with only a few players to a roster that includes over 40 skaters. The GateKeepers won the Men's Roller Derby Association World Championship in 2015.
Spring Roll 2011
The St. Louis GateKeepers received considerable attention for their performance at the 2011 Spring Roll tournament hosted in Fort Wayne, Indiana. Despite being a relatively young team, the GateKeepers were undefeated in the tournament. Notably, the GateKeepers beat the high-ranking Puget Sound Outcasts and broke the 24-game winning streak of the previously undefeated New York Shock Exchange.
Local League Structure
The St. Louis GateKeepers consists of three local teams, each named after a St. Louis neighborhood. The teams are The South Grand Slammers, The Riverfront Crimes, and the Dogtown Rockets, and are named after the South Grand Avenue district, the Riverfront area, and Dogtown, respectively. The teams practice together at regular practices, but bout against each other in a series of matches deemed 'Turf Wars', culminating in a yearly championship. The league is entirely skater-run, with the players helping to run the teams, referee the local bouts and pay for rink time.
2011 Schedule
Intraleague Schedule
March 26 - South Grand Slammers vs. Riverfront Crimes
April 16 - Dogtown Red Rockets vs. South Grand Slammers
May 21 - Riverfront Crimes vs. Dogtown Red Rockets
June 18 - South Grand Slammers vs. Riverfront Crimes
July 23 - Dogtown Red Rockets vs. South Grand Slammers
Aug 20th - Riverfront Crimes vs. Dogtown Red Rockets
Sept 17th - Turf War Championship
Interleague Travel Team Schedule
* B-Keepers Game
2010 Season Interleague Stats
References
External links
St. Louis GateKeepers Home Page
GateKeers
Men's roller derby
Roller derby leagues in Missouri
Roller derby leagues established in 2009
2009 establishments in Missouri
Ein Lämmlein geht und trägt die Schuld, also known by the title of its earliest extant printed libretto, Die leidende und am Creutz sterbende Liebe Jesu, is a Passion oratorio by Gottfried Heinrich Stölzel, composed in 1720. Its opening chorus is based on Paul Gerhardt's "Ein Lämmlein geht und trägt die Schuld" and its usual hymn tune, Wolfgang Dachstein's "An Wasserflüssen Babylon" melody.
The Passion oratorio was performed at least half a dozen times in various German cities during the composer's lifetime, and Johann Sebastian Bach reworked one of its arias to a cantata movement (BWV 200).
History
Gottfried Heinrich Stölzel was already an accomplished composer when they settled in Gotha, where they would remain for the rest of their life, in late 1719. Their first large work for that city was a Christmas oratorio consisting of three cantatas, to be performed on three consecutive days in December 1719.
Gotha 1720
In 1720, the libretto of Die leidende und am Creutz sterbende Liebe Jesu was printed in Gotha, where the passion oratorio was performed in two parts, on Maundy Thursday and Good Friday.
Sondershausen 1730s
From 1730, Stölzel provided liturgical music for Sondershausen. The score and parts of Stölzel's performance version of Ein Lämmlein geht und trägt die Schuld, copied in Gotha, survived in Sondershausen, where the Passion oratorio was likely performed more than once in the 1730s.
Leipzig 1734
Johann Sebastian Bach performed the Passion oratorio, under the title Der Gläubigen Seele Geistliche Betrachtungen Ihres leidenden Jesu, on Good Friday in 1734.
1736: Rudolstadt and Nürnberg
Printed librettos of the Passion oratorio appeared in Rudolstadt and Nürnberg in 1736, indicating performances in both cities in that year.
Göttingen 1741
Another printed libretto, published in Göttingen in 1741, mentioning Stölzel as the author of both the libretto and the music, indicates a performance in that city.
Berlin manuscript
A manuscript copy of the score, derived from the Nürnberg version, is preserved in Berlin and indicates a further 18th-century performance of the Passion oratorio.
Music and text
Stölzel's Passion oratorio is structured as a succession of cantata-like (contemplations). Typical for Stölzel's oratorios, the text of Ein Lämmlein geht und trägt die Schuld is lyrical and meditative, rather than carried by a dramatic narrative, such as a Bible extract. Stölzel is the author of the Passion oratorio's libretto.
The movements are recitatives followed by arias, and several chorales. The opening chorus is a chorale on Paul Gerhardt's "Ein Lämmlein geht und trägt die Schuld" hymn, set, as usual, to the tune of Wolfgang Dachstein's "An Wasserflüssen Babylon", and enriched with figuration by the strings (Str). The text of the next movement, sung by the (choir of faithful souls), is free poetry inspired by the Song of Songs, 6:1: "" (Where did my friend go?). Near the end is the only other choral movement set to free poetry, and sung by the : "" is the only elaborate chorus.
The enunciates messages in a poetical language, on which the (faithful soul) comments in recitatives and arias. Soprano (S), alto (A), tenor (T) and bass (B) take turns in performing the text assigned to the : the four voices together form the choir of faithful souls. Obbligato instruments, such as oboe or flute, accompany several arias. The (Christian Church), that is the choir, sings the chorales.
Text and/or music of Stölzel's Ein Lämmlein geht und trägt die Schuld can be found in:
Music manuscript Mus.A15:2 at the Sondershausen city library, which is named after Johann Karl Wezel. Here the Passion oratorio is set "a 11", that is: four voices (SATB), oboe (Ob), flute (Fl), strings (two violin parts and one viola part), and basso continuo (viola da gamba and harpsichord).
Music manuscript at the Berlin State Library. In this version violin (Vn), two flutes (2Fl), corno (Cr) and bassoon (Bs) perform as instrumental soloists.
Printed libretto of a 1741 performance of Die leidende und am Creutz sterbende Liebe Jesu in Göttingen.
Reception
Johann Sebastian Bach not only performed Stölzel's Passion oratorio in 1734: they reworked one of its arias, "Dein Kreuz, o Bräutigam meiner Seelen", into Bekennen will ich seinen Namen, BWV 200, which they completed in 1742.
In the 21st century Stölzel's Passion oratorio was programmed in public concerts:
25 March 2016: performed in Berlin, by the Lautten Compagney, and singers including the chamber choir of the Sing-Akademie zu Berlin, conducted by .
31 March 2018: performed in Cheltenham, by the Corelli Orchestra and Ensemble, conducted by Warwick Cole.
20 April 2019: performed in Gotha, by the Rheinische Kantorei, conducted by Hermann Max.
References
Sources
External links
Passion settings
1720 compositions
Journal of Family History is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the fields of History and Anthropology. The journal's editor is Roderick Phillips (Carleton University). It is currently published by SAGE Publications.
History
The Journal of Family History was established in 1975 by Tamara K. Hareven; its first issue was published in 1976.
Scope
Journal of Family History is a resource for scholars who are interested in the history of the family over the past three decades. The journal provides a forum for international research on family, kinship and population. Journal of Family history focuses on work from different perspectives such as gender, race and culture. Many of the articles are written by recognized historians.
Abstracting and indexing
Journal of Family History is abstracted and indexed in, among other databases: SCOPUS, and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2017 impact factor is 0.333, ranking it 27 out of 31 journals in the category ‘History of Social Sciences'. and 53 out of 89 journals in the category ‘History'. and 45 out of 46 journals in the category ‘Family Studies'. and 75 out of 85 journals in the category ‘Anthropology'.
References
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Demography journals
Bluebell () is a small suburb of Dublin, Ireland. Situated approximately 6.5 kilometres south-west of the city centre, on the Camac, a Liffey tributary, the suburb borders the Grand Canal and Ballyfermot to the north, Walkinstown to the south, Inchicore to the east, and Clondalkin to the west.
Bluebell is in the Dublin South-Central Dáil constituency and is administered by Dublin City Council at the local government level. Its postal code is Dublin 12.
History
There is an early reference concerning Bluebell cemetery and church ruins, dated 1254, when the people who lived here were most likely part of the Barnewall's Drimnagh Castle estate and home farm. Bluebell was part of the Civil Parish of Clondalkin. Until the 1950s, Bluebell was mainly a market garden and farming community on the outskirts of the city. It was developed for residential housing by what was then Dublin Corporation in the post-war housing programme, which brought an influx of young families to the area.
Over the years, the area received heavily industrialised development with the coming of paper mills, making use of the Camac River for their water supply. Gradually more industry moved into the area, with companies including Lambs, Roadstone, Nugget, McInerneys, Fiat and Volkswagen.
Amenities
The local post office is located on La Touche Road. The Roman Catholic Church of Our Lady of the Wayside is one of the larger buildings. It is situated on the Old Naas Road, adjacent to Bluebell Luas stop.
The 91st Dublin Scout Den serves both Bluebell and the neighbouring suburb of Inchicore and meets in the Oblates Fathers facility in Inchicore. Bluebell has one pub – the Cottage Inn – located on Bluebell Avenue. There are no supermarkets or major shopping centres. Small traders include newsagents, hairdressers and fast food outlets, concentrated on the Old Naas Road near the church. One primary school, Our Lady of the Wayside, is located on Bluebell Road. The school was opened in 1960. There is also St Cillian's National School.
Local landmarks
There are few local historic landmarks within the area of Bluebell. Bluebell cemetery would be a prime reason to visit the suburb for many people with friends and relatives buried there. A ruined medieval church is located in the cemetery.
In 2008 Local artist and environmentalist Fiann Ó Nualláin begun a project 'Bluebells for Bluebell' the aim to encourage locals to plant their place name. Supported by The railway procurement agency and Dublin city Council, the project has seen the reintroduction of native Irish bluebells into the green verges and public spaces around the bluebell environs. The main attraction being the name stone green facing the luas stop which has been transformed into an urban woodland habitat for bluebells. A striking sight to behold each Easter as the thousands of bluebells bloom.
The dominant style of the area is that of a mid-20th century popular housing development – almost exclusively in deep red brick. The most distinctive buildings of the Bluebell area are that of the local Catholic church, built in an Italianate style with a lighter shade of red brick which contrasts to the dominant dark red of the surrounding residential and commercial buildings.
Bluebell is located near the start of the Naas dual carriageway. The district also borders the Grand Canal.
This project suggests that a better Irish name would be - the Irish for the Bluebell Flower - rather than the cloigin gorm which suggests a small bell blue in colour. The historical archives do not provide evidence of a coloured bell.
Administration
In administrative terms, Bluebell is in Dublin City Council and in local government elections
is part of the Ballyfermot-Drimnagh Ward. Bluebell is in the Dublin South-Central Dáil constituency.
Famous Names
The Irish traditional music group The Wolfe Tones originated in Bluebell.
External links
Bluebell Post Office
Our Lady of the Wayside Church Bluebell
91st Bluebell & Inchicore Scouts
References
Towns and villages in Dublin (city)
Uppercross
Jack William Robbins (January 23, 1916 – January 1983) was an American football halfback who played two seasons in the National Football League (NFL) for the Chicago Cardinals. Robbins also played quarterback during their two years in the NFL.
Robbins played college football and basketball at the University of Arkansas before being drafted into the NFL Draft in 1938, where they were the first of four Arkansas Razorbacks drafted.
References
1916 births
1983 deaths
Little Rock Central High School alumni
Sportspeople from Little Rock, Arkansas
Arkansas Razorbacks football players
Arkansas Razorbacks men's basketball players
Chicago Cardinals players
Players of American football from Arkansas
American men's basketball players
Christopher Francis Pittaro (born September 16, 1961) is an American former professional baseball infielder. Pittaro played during three seasons in Major League Baseball for the Detroit Tigers and Minnesota Twins from 1985 through 1987. Prior to playing professionally, they played college baseball for the North Carolina Tar Heels. They have served as a scout and front office executive for the Oakland Athletics since 1991.
Playing career
Amateur
Pittaro attended Steinert High School in Hamilton Township, Mercer County, New Jersey, and has been inducted into the Steinert High School Hall of Fame. They then enrolled at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, where they played college baseball for the North Carolina Tar Heels baseball team in the Atlantic Coast Conference of the National Collegiate Athletic Association's Division I. In 1980, they played collegiate summer baseball with the Wareham Gatemen of the Cape Cod Baseball League, and returned to the league in 1981 to play for the Chatham A's.
Professional
The Detroit Tigers selected Pittaro in the sixth round, with the 152nd overall selection, of the 1982 Major League Baseball draft as a shortstop. Pittaro played their first professional season with the Macon Peaches of the Class-A South Atlantic League in 1982. Pittaro moved to second base when they played for the Lakeland Tigers of the Class-A Florida State League in 1983. They were promoted to the Birmingham Barons of the Class-AA Southern League in 1984, where they had a .284 batting average and 11 home runs.
Pittaro was invited to spring training with the Tigers in 1985. Manager Sparky Anderson called Pittaro "the best rookie [he'd] seen in 15 years." Due to a strong performance from Pittaro, Anderson considered moving All-Star second baseman Lou Whitaker to third base so that Pittaro could play second for the Tigers, though the Tigers kept Whitaker at second and moved Pittaro to third when Whitaker said they wanted to remain at second. Though they expected to begin the season with the Nashville Sounds of the Class-AAA American Association, Pittaro made the Tigers out of spring training, serving in a platoon with Tom Brookens. Pittaro debuted in MLB on April 8, 1985, Opening Day and had three hits in four at-bats.
Pittaro began the 1985 season with a batting average over .300 in April. However, they began to slump in May and continued to struggle offensively with the Tigers. They were demoted to Nashville during the season after they batted .242 with a .299 on-base percentage and .323 slugging percentage.
Before the 1986 season, the Tigers traded Pittaro with Alejandro Sánchez to the Minnesota Twins for Dave Engle. They played with the Twins, batting .095 in a backup role before they were demoted to the Toledo Mud Hens of the Class-AAA International League. Pittaro and split the 1987 season with the Twins and their new Class-AAA affiliate, the Portland Beavers of the Pacific Coast League. While with Portland, their roommate on road trips was Billy Beane. Pittaro didn't make the Twins in 1988. They were assigned to Portland, and retired during the season.
Scouting and executive career
Pittaro has been a scout and front office executive in the Oakland Athletics organization since 1991. Beane, the Athletics' general manager, identifies Pittaro as one of the scouts willing to rethink everything they know about baseball. Pittaro joined the Athletics as a scout and cross-checker. They managed the Southern Oregon Athletics of the Class-A Northwest League in 1992. They were named national field coordinator, serving from 2002 through 2007, when they became the club's director of professional scouting from 2008 to 2011. They were named special assistant to the general manager after the 2011 season.
Personal life
Pittaro's father, Sonny Pittaro, was an infielder in the Minnesota Twins' minor league organization from 1960 to 1962 and then a longtime coach at Rider University. After their playing career, Pittaro graduated summa cum laude with a Bachelor of Science in finance from Rider.  They are married to Lisa Gmitter, former soccer player and U.S. national team member.
Pittaro is mentioned in Moneyball, a book focusing on the 2002 Oakland Athletics season. They were initially cast to play themselves in the film version.
References
External links
1961 births
Living people
Detroit Tigers players
Minnesota Twins players
Major League Baseball infielders
People from Hamilton Township, Mercer County, New Jersey
Baseball players from Trenton, New Jersey
Steinert High School alumni
Macon Peaches players
Lakeland Tigers players
Birmingham Barons players
Nashville Sounds players
Toledo Mud Hens players
Oakland Athletics scouts
Portland Beavers players
North Carolina Tar Heels baseball players
Wareham Gatemen players
Chatham Anglers players
Minor league baseball managers
The golden tanager (Tangara arthus) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae. It is widespread and often common in highland forests of the Andes (from Bolivia and northwards) and Venezuelan Coastal Range in north-western South America.
Its plumage is overall golden-yellow with black to the back, wings, tail and ear-coverts. Some subspecies are partially/largely brown below.
Taxonomy and systematics
The golden tanager was first described as Tangara Arthus by René Lesson in 1840 on the basis of a specimen from Caracas, Venezuela. The generic name Tangara comes from the Tupí word tangara, meaning dancer. The specific name arthus is in honor of Arthus Bertrand, a French bookseller. Golden tanager is the official common name designated by the International Ornithologists' Union (IOC). Other names for the species include "chestnut-breasted tanager".
The golden tanager is one of 27 species in the genus Tangara. Within the genus, it is part of a species group with the blue-whiskered tanager, green-and-gold tanager, emerald tanager, silver-throated tanager, saffron-crowned tanager, golden-eared tanager, and flame-faced tanager. In the group, it is sister to a clade formed by the emerald and silver-throated tanagers. This placement is supported by mitochondrial DNA evidence. The following cladogram shows phylogenetic relationships within the species group based on the above study:
Subspecies
There are nine recognized subspecies of the golden tanager. The subspecies are differentiated by differences in their appearance and their distribution. All the subspecies excluding arthus are sometimes separated into a distinct species, Tangara aurulenta, on the basis of differences in plumage.
T. a. arthus (Lesson, 1832): The nominate subspecies. It is found in the mountains of northern and western Venezuela.
T. a. palmitae (Meyer de Schauensee, 1947): It is found on the western slope of the Andes in La Palmita, Santander, Colombia.
T. a. sclateri (Lafresnaye, 1854): It is found in the Andes of eastern Colombia, and likely also in those of southern Táchira, Venezuela.
T. a. aurulenta (Lafresnaye, 1843): It is found in Serranía del Perijá, Venezuela, and the western slope of the Andes in eastern Colombia.
T. a. occidentalis Chapman, 1914: It is found on the western slope of the Andes in central Colombia and on both slopes in western Colombia.
T. a. goodsoni Hartert, 1913: It is found on the western slope of the Andes in Ecuador, and likely also in northwestern Peru.
T. a. aequatorialis (Taczanowski & Berlepsch, 1885): It is found on the eastern slope of the Andes in Ecuador and adjoining areas in northern Peru.
T. a. pulchra (Tschudi, 1844): It is found on the eastern slope of the Andes from Amazonas to Junín in Peru.
T. a. sophiae (Berlepsch, 1901): It is found on the eastern slope of the Andes from southeastern Peru to La Paz and Cochabamba in Bolivia.
Distribution and habitat
The golden tanager is found in the Venezuelan Coastal Range in Venezuela and in the Andes in Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and Bolivia at elevations of , but is most common at elevations of . It inhabits humid montane evergreen forest, as well as forest edges and nearby secondary growth.
Status
The nominate subspecies of the golden tanager is listed as being a species of the least concern by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) on the IUCN Red List because of its large range, relative commonness, and lack of a sufficiently rapid decline in population. The other subspecies, which are considered to be a distinct species by the IUCN, are also listed as being of the least concern for the above reasons. However, the population of the golden tanager is decreasing, and it is threatened by habitat destruction.
References
golden tanager
Birds of the Northern Andes
golden tanager
Taxa named by René Lesson
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Siyabonga Mpontshane (born 17 April 1986) is a South African professional soccer player who plays as a goalkeeper for Orlando Pirates.
Playing career
Mpontshane was signed from the National First Division side Nathi Lions in 2010 and made their debut in a 3–2 win over Mpumalanga Black Aces on 29 August 2010.
References
1986 births
Living people
People from Jozini Local Municipality
South African soccer players
Association football goalkeepers
Platinum Stars F.C. players
Nathi Lions F.C. players
Sportspeople from KwaZulu-Natal
South Africa A' international soccer players
2014 African Nations Championship players
"Ghetto Romance" is a 2000 song by British R&B group Damage. It was released as the band's first single from their second album, Since You've Been Gone (2001), on 19 June 2000. The song was produced by Grammy-winning producers Tim & Bob, and peaked at number seven on the UK Singles Chart.
Charts
References
2000 singles
2000 songs
Damage (British band) songs
Song recordings produced by Tim & Bob
Songs written by Bob Robinson (songwriter)
Songs written by Tim Kelley
Mayfair Vermögensverwaltung SE is the family office of the families of Günter Herz and Daniela Herz. It invests in long term holdings of companies, short term assets like stocks and bonds, and real estate.
The long term investment area is run by Maryland GmbH. According to German press quotes, investments range from € 100m to several billion per transaction and have an emphasis on companies from the consumer goods, retail or service sectors.
History of the families
The families had been long term shareholders of Tchibo Group. Günter Herz took over the leadership of the group from their father in 1965. Since then Tchibo expanded from some DM 50m turnover to almost €9.5bn on a pro forma consolidated basis.
Tchibo Frischröst GmbH, the original coffee business innovated a non-food concept with weekly changing assortments that it introduced in its 1300 store retail chain. It also expanded through an innovative concession depot concept to some 25,000 point of sale in Germany, Austria and Switzerland growing its total business to some €3.9bn turnover in 2003. In 1997 Tchibo acquired its key competitor Eduscho, integrated the logistics and retail operations and included the Eduscho coffee brand in its coffee portfolio.
In 1977 Tchibo bought a 25% stake in publicly listed Beiersdorf AG. At the time Beiersdorf achieved a turnover of some € 400m from its Nivea, Tesa and Hansaplast brands. During the 80s Nivea was repositioned from a cream brand to a personal care brand and started on a global expansion. 25 years later Nivea has become the largest personal care brand globally and Beiersdorf has grown to almost € 5bn in sales.
Finally in 1980 the group acquired a stake in the European cigarette company Reemtsma. That stake was increased over the years to a 76% holding and Reemtsma turnover grew from €1.5bn in 1980 to €8.5bn in 2002. 21 years after the first investment, Tchibo decided to sell its stake to Imperial Tobacco.
In 2002 Günter Herz stepped down as CEO of the group following a shift in the supervisory board of the group. About a year later Günter and Daniela decided to sell their stakes in Tchibo Group to their siblings and set up Mayfair as a new family holding.
Investments
Mayfair has so far undertaken two investments. The first was the acquisition of a stake in publicly listed Puma AG in May 2005. Following the announcement of a new strategic phase by Puma's CEO Jochen Zeitz, which involved the repurchase of licensed countries and the roll out of a retail network, Mayfair increased their stake from 17% to 27%. Two years later, when the luxury group PPR made a public offer for Puma in 2007, Mayfair decided to sell their stake in the company for 330 euros per share.
The second investment was the €575 m acquisition of German certification group Germanischer Lloyd AG. Günter Herz supported the management team in an effort to fend off a hostile bid from rival Bureau Veritas. Since the acquisition, GL has broadened its scope from shipping to oil & gas and renewable energy through a number of acquisitions. From 2006 until September 2013, when GL merged with DNV (Det Norske Veritas) to become DNV GL, Mayfair was the only shareholder of GL. Until 2017, DNV Foundation owned 63.5% of DNV GL, while Mayfair owned the remaining 36.5%. In December 2017, Mayfair sold their remaining stake back to the Det Norske Veritas Foundation.
References
Puma Climbs on Speculation About Bid by Billionaires
Tchibo coffee heir Herz wins Germanischer Lloyd in 550 mln eur takeover
References (in German)
Tchibo-Gründer schielt auf lukrative Investments
Schutz vor Überfremdung: Firmen suchen Milliardäre
Moneten, Macht und Marken
Puma-Aktionär Herz will Germanischen Lloyd übernehmen
Günter Herz und die schweren Pötte
Financial services companies of Germany
Privately held companies of Germany
Balnagowan House also known as Wendon or Bealnagown House is a historic building in Glasnevin, Dublin. It is considered the first individual house built in the international style in Ireland.
History
1920s to 1971
Balnagowan House was built under the name Wendon in the late 1920s by the Dublin developer George Linzell. Linzell commissioned the London architect, Harold Greenwood, to design the house. The name Wendon is an amalgamation of the names of Linzell's two children's names, Don and Wendy. Linzell used the house as an advertisement for their speculative building business. After its completion the magazine Irish Builder described the house as "Dublin's Wonder House" in 1932. It is regarded as the first individual house in Ireland to have been built in a modernist or international style of architecture. Linzell, the son-in-law of Alexander Strain, built this family home within the larger development of houses they were building along Mobhi Road and off the Ballymun Road. Linzell sold the house in 1938, when they moved to Ballsbridge where they were building more houses.
The house's second owner was the publican John Doyle, the proprietor of Doyle's Corner in Phibsborough. Doyle renamed the house Balnagowan (sometimes spelt Bealnagown) after their former home in Rathmines. The Petty family lived in the house from 1953 to 1956, and lastly the Quinn family lived there until 1971 when they sold the house to the semi-state organisation, the Central Fisheries Board.
1971 to now
While in use by the Fisheries Board, a number of pre-fabricated cabins were placed on site that damaged the original landscaping, the swimming pool and barbecue area. A single-storey extension was also added around this time.
The house functioned as an office building for the Board until it was sold in 2005. Since 2005, it has been vacant and falling into disrepair. Since 2011, the house has been listed on Dublin city's Record of Protected Structures. In 2017 a fire broke out in the outbuildings, but did not reach the main house. It has been recorded that much of the house's original interiors are intact, with the Fisheries Board leaving many of the features and boarding in others. The structure is declining, with damage recorded over time to the fabric of the building. It has also been the site of anti-social behaviour and has been squatted in. It was recorded as part of the National Inventory of Architectural Heritage in 2018.
Architecture
The house has two stories with a flat roof on a v-shaped plan, consisting of two wings set at a 90-degree angle to each other coming off a central section. The flat roof is hidden behind a raised parapet. Consistent with the international style, the exterior was rendered in Snowcrete was painted white. Internally, the roof had suspended ceilings offering insulation. It featured large steel frame windows and a loggia on the second floor which was accessible from two bedrooms. It was built with pre-cast concrete blocks, fitted with central heating, an internal telephone system, and a serving hatch from the kitchen to the dining room with electric hotplates amongst many other modern conveniences which anticipated a home with fewer servants. The floors are timber fitted over reinforced concrete with heating pipes. The interior had oak panelling and chrome light switches, in keeping with the modernist style. A swimming pool and tennis courts were later added the grounds. The hallway features a rectilinear stair with lights set into the newel posts. To add a noise-dampening effect, one toilet off the hall had two doors. Alongside other one-off homes built during this time in Clontarf and Dun Laoghaire, this building has a clear modernist style that was reflected in public buildings built during this period.
The Irish Times described the house as a "Novel Concrete House Building in Dublin" on 21 January 1932, and detailed how the home was the product of mass-produced and pre-fabricated materials not by using tradespeople. It bears a strong resemblance to the house High and Over by Amyas Connell at Amersham, Buckinghamshire.
References
Buildings and structures in Dublin (city)
1931 establishments in Ireland
Modernist architecture in Ireland
Turkic peoples have historically been associated as one of the non-indigenous peoples to have ruled areas of the Indian subcontinent. Modern day Turkish people in India, on the other hand, are very small in number, and are recent immigrants from Turkey. In the 1961 census, 58 people stated that their mother tongue was Turkish. According to the 2001 census, 126 residents of India stated their place of birth as Turkey. In a state visit during early 2010, Prime Minister Abdullah Gül of Turkey met Turkish expatriates living in India and handed out Hindi-Turkish dictionaries to Turkish students in New Delhi.
History and origin
The first known mention of the term Turk applied to a Turkic group was in reference to the Göktürks in the 6th century, who were based in modern Mongolia. Over time, the term has devolved onto the Turks of modern day Turkey, but historically was also used to describe Central Asian Turkic groups. The Turk biradari claim their descent from the latter group.
Turks of Rohilkhand and the Terai region. One such tradition claims that the Turks came to India as soldiers who accompanied the 11th century warrior-saint Ghazi Saiyyad Salar Masud or Ghazi Miyan (circa 1014 – 1034 CE). The Turk settlement took place at a latter date. Indeed some Turks groups, particularly those in Rampur, that are originally emigrants from Central Asia, and came in the army of Alauddin Khalji, Shahabddin Ghori & Amir Timur lane. These Turks had come from Turkistan region in what is now Central Asia.
Göktürk wave (5th-8th c.)
Present circumstances
The Turks live in northern India, mainly in Delhi, Gaziabad, Amroha, Moradabad, Rampur, Sambhal, Bijnor, Muzaffarnagar and Meerut in Uttar Pradesh, Udhamsingh Nagar, Nainital and Haldwani in Kumaon, Bhopal and Junagarh in Gujarat and in South India mainly in the city of Hyderabad in Telangana, Bidar, Gulbarga, Bijapur, Mysore, Srirangapatna of Karnataka, Banganapalle, Kurnool of Andhra Pradesh, Arcot, Tamil Nadu in Tamil Nadu.
The community had traditionally served as soldiers in the armies of the various princely states in the Kathiawar Agency. They are also good traders Like other Gujarati Muslims, they have a caste association known as the Jamat, which acts both as a welfare organization and an instrument of social control.
Notable people
Timurid dynasty
Ghaznavid dynasty
Taj al-Din Yildiz, general of the Delhi Sultanate
Mamluk dynasty of Delhi
Shah Turkan, mistress of Iltutmish
Malik Altunia, consort of Razia Sultan
Muhammad bin Bakhtiyar Khalji, general of the Delhi Sultanate
Muhammad Shiran Khalji, the 2nd governor of Bengal (Lakhnauti) under the Delhi Sultanate
Iwaz Khalji, the 3rd governor of Bengal (Lakhnauti) under the Delhi Sultanate
Ali Mardan Khalji, the 3rd governor of Bengal (Lakhnauti) under the Delhi Sultanate
Malik Balkha Khalji, the last Khalji governor of Bengal (Lakhnauti) under the Delhi Sultanate
Saifuddin Aibak, 1st governor of Bengal (Lakhnauti) under the Mamluk Delhi Sultanate
Awar Khan Aibak, 2nd governor of Bengal (Lakhnauti) under the Mamluk Delhi Sultanate
Tughral Tughan Khan, 3rd governor of Bengal (Lakhnauti) under the Mamluk Delhi Sultanate
Tughlaq Tamar Khan, 4th governor of Bengal (Lakhnauti) under the Mamluk Delhi Sultanate
Malik Ikhtiyaruddin Iuzbak, 6th governor of Bengal (Lakhnauti) under the Mamluk Delhi Sultanate
Ijjauddin Balban Iuzbaki, 7th governor of Bengal (Lakhnauti) under the Mamluk Delhi Sultanate
Nasiruddin Bughra Khan, 13th governor of Bengal (Lakhnauti) under the Mamluk Delhi Sultanate
Rukunuddin Kaikaus, 1st governor of Bengal (Lakhnauti) under the Balban Delhi Sultanate
Shamsuddin Firuz Shah, 2nd governor of Bengal (Lakhnauti) under the Balban Delhi Sultanate
Ghiyasuddin Bahadur Shah, 3rd governor of Bengal (Lakhnauti) under the Balban Delhi Sultanate
Izz al-Din Yahya, 6th governor of Bengal (Lakhnauti) under the Tughlaq Delhi Sultanate
Ilyas Shahi dynasty
Munim Khan, 1st Mughal Subahdar of Bengal Subah
Khan Jahan I, 2nd Mughal Subahdar of Bengal Subah
Jahangir Quli Beg, Mughal Subahdar of Bengal Subah
Nasir ad-Din Qabacha, Governor of Multan
Khalji dynasty
Tughlaq dynasty
Barid Shahi dynasty
Adil Shahi dynasty
Qutb Shahi dynasty
Amir Khusrau, poet
Mirza Ghalib, poet
Asaf Jahi dynasty
Ghazi ud-Din Khan Feroze Jung III, 1st Nawab of Baoni State
Dürrüşehvar Sultan, Imperial Princess of the Ottoman Empire wife of prince Azam Jah
Princess Niloufer, Princess of the Ottoman Empire wife of prince Moazzam Jah
Princess Esra, wife of Mukarram Jah, 8th Nizam of Hyderabad
Manolya Onur, wife of Mukarram Jah, 8th Nizam of Hyderabad
Muhammad Beg Khan-e Rosebahani, was Qiladar and Jagirdar of Banganapalle
Nawabs of Banganapalle
Rulers of Amb State
Jackie Shroff, Indian actor
See also
Indians in Turkey
India–Turkey relations
Turks in Pakistan
Turk Jamat
References
India
India
Ethnic groups in India
Turks
Muslim communities of India
FIFA Football 2004, also known as FIFA Soccer 2004 in North America, is a football simulation video game developed by EA Canada and published by Electronic Arts. It was released in October 2003 with the tagline "Create Brilliance".
FIFA Football 2004 is the eleventh game in the FIFA series and the eighth to be in 3D.
The Japanese version of FIFA Football 2004, called FIFA Total Football, was released in March 2004.
Gameplay
While not adding much to the engine used in FIFA Football 2003, the biggest new inclusions were secondary divisions, which allow the player to take lower ranked teams to promotion attempts. Gameplay has a new feature dubbed "Off the ball", which allows the control of two players at the same time for greater tactical play. Another key feature was Football Fusion, which allows owners of both FIFA 2004 and Total Club Manager 2004 to play games from the management sim in FIFA. The title sequence was filmed in St James' Park, home of Newcastle United, with the opening song being Kings of Leon's European hit "Red Morning Light".
Players
The cover features Alessandro Del Piero of Juventus, Thierry Henry of Arsenal, and Ronaldinho in a Brazil kit.
Reception
The PlayStation 2 version of FIFA Football 2004 received a "Double Platinum" sales award from the Entertainment and Leisure Software Publishers Association (ELSPA), indicating sales of at least 600,000 copies in the United Kingdom.
The game was met with positive to average reception. GameRankings and Metacritic gave it a score of 84.20% and 82 out of 100 for the Game Boy Advance version; 83.67% and 83 out of 100 for the GameCube version; 82.50% and 82 out of 100 for the Xbox version; 81.74% and 84 out of 100 for the PlayStation 2 version; 80% and 80 out of 100 for the PlayStation version; 78% and 77 out of 100 for the PC version; and 73.60% and 72 out of 100 for the N-Gage version.
References
External links
2003 video games
Electronic Arts games
EA Sports games
Association football video games
2004
PlayStation 2 games
PlayStation (console) games
GameCube games
Xbox games
Windows games
Game Boy Advance games
N-Gage games
NuFX games
Video games developed in Canada
Video games set in 2003
Video games set in 2004
Multiplayer and single-player video games
La Liga licensed video games
BAFTA winners (video games)
Exient Entertainment games
Center for Reproductive Law and Policy v. Bush, 304 F.3d 183 (2d Cir. 2002), was a case in which the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit upheld the Bush Administration's re-imposition of the Mexico City Policy, which states that "the United States will no longer contribute to separate nongovernmental organizations which perform or actively promote abortion as a method of family planning in other nations."
Background
The Foreign Assistance Act provided the president the option of not funding abortions through the United States Agency for International Development. After the election, the George W. Bush Administration re-imposed the policy and the Center for Reproductive Law and Policy sued.
Decision
The decision was written by then-Judge Sonia Sotomayor, who wrote that the policy did not constitute a violation of equal protection, as "the government is free to favor the anti-abortion position over the pro-choice position, and can do so with public funds".
United States abortion case law
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit cases
2002 in United States case law
United States Agency for International Development
Rodrigo Fernandes Alflen or simply Rodrigão (born June 14, 1978 in Santos) is a Brazilian.
Career History
Rodrigao, was a forward that had like strength, the finalizations. They began their career in the Santos-FC base categories in 1995 and defended the club until becoming professional in 1999 by the same team, being loaned for a period of 3 months to Jabaquara Atlético Clube, the city team. Returning to Santos, soon in their first year as a professional, they reached the final of the Rio / São Paulo Tournament against Vasco and was called to the Brazilian Under-23 National Team in a friendly against the United States at the Mané Garrincha Stadium in Brasilia . After suffering the penalty, the young striker converted the charge into a goal, helping the National Team in the victory by 7 to 0. In 2000, was loaned to the Sport Club Internacional where they had the best moment of their career and due to the goal of goal scorer, finished receiving the nickname of Rodrigol. In the same year, was summoned for the Olympic Selection for the dispute of the Olympics of Sidney. However, it ended up being cut, due to an injury. Their good performances the interest of several teams, causing Santos to request their return in 2001. Forming an overwhelming attack alongside Dodo and Deivid, led the team the playoffs of the Paulista Championship, being eliminated for Corinthians / SP. In July, it ended up being sold to the French soccer. At Saint-Étienne, they played only 1 season. They returned to Brazil and played in Botafogo / RJ and Guarani / SP. Their great passage for the team of Campinas, made the athlete return to European football. In the Marítimo, managed to help the team to qualify for the Cup of Uefa. Due to a knee injury, they rescinded with the Portuguese team, close to terminating their contract. They made the treatment in Santo André, and after recovery, they played in the Campeonato Paulista, Brasileirao Serie B and Libertadores of América, being the top scorer of the competition and becoming the team's scorer of the season. It was negotiated with Atlético-PR. Diagnosed with Hepatitis C, they did not act for 10 months. On their return, they went to Al Hilal, where in addition to reaching the final of the Arab Championship, they qualified the team for the second phase of the Champions League of Asia. They returned to Brazilian football to play for Palmeiras, for 6 months. Due to a flamboyance between Palmeiras and Atletico-PR, they were forced to return to Atletico-PR in early 2008. Little used by the club from Paraná, they were loaned to Vitória, being Champion Baiano and best player of the competition. In 2009, they signed a contract with Guaratinguetá, for the Paulista dispute. In 2010 they played in Santo André, reaching the Paulista final, against the well-known team of Santos, Neymar and cia. In February 2011 they signed with the Associação Atlética Anapolina, but due to a calcaneal tendon injury they were away performing treatment at Corinthians / SP. In 2012, they won the Access Division for Gauchão, with the Aimoré Sports Club. They worked for Portuguesa Santista in 2013 and Jabaquara in 2014. They had a quick stint at the São Carlos Futebol Clube in 2015, returning to Briosa in 2016, where they worked in addition to Gestor. In 2017, they participated in some Indoor Santos games.
External links
Sambafoot
zerozero.pt
globoesporte
sopalmeiras
CBF
Guardian Stats Centre
References
1978 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Santos, São Paulo
Brazilian footballers
Association football midfielders
Association football forwards
Liga MX players
Santos FC players
Sport Club Internacional players
AS Saint-Étienne players
Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas players
Guarani FC players
C.S. Marítimo players
Esporte Clube Santo André players
Club Athletico Paranaense players
Al Hilal SFC players
Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras players
Esporte Clube Vitória players
Saudi Professional League players
Florida Tropics SC players
Marilyn Leask (born 1950) is an academic and author who researches in education in the UK.  They are Professor of Education at De Montfort University, and was previously Professor of Educational Knowledge Management at the University of Bedfordshire and a professor at Brunel University. Many of their works involve the educational use of information and communications technology (ICT).
Education and career
They received a Diploma in Radiography from the Australasian Institute of Radiologists and Radiographers, a BA from the Open University, a PGCE from the Institute of Education, University of London (now UCL IOE), an MPhil from the Cambridge Institute of Education/UEA and a PhD from De Montfort University, UK.
Leask worked as a teacher and government policy officer. They have written several books for Routledge and is the series editor, with Susan Capel, of the book series, Learning to Teach in the Secondary School, used in training secondary-school teachers in the UK.
They then moved into academia, holding positions at the University of Bedfordshire and Brunel University. As of 2021, they are Visiting Professor of Education in the School of Applied Social Sciences at De Montfort University, Leicester.
Leask was a trustee of the Bedford & Milton Keynes Waterway Trust.
Books
Hargreaves, D, and Hopkins, D, with Leask, M. (1991) The Empowered School: The management and practice of development planning. London: Continuum.
Goddard D., Leask M. (1992). The Search for Quality: Planning for Improvement and Managing Change. London: Paul Chapman Publishing/Sage Publications.
Leask M., Terrell I. (1997). Development Planning and School Improvement for Middle Managers. London: Kogan Page.
Leask M., Meadows J. (eds). (2000) Learning to Teach with ICT in the Primary School. London: Routledge.
Leask M., with Dawes L., Litchfield B. (2000) Keybytes for Teachers. Evesham: Summerfield Publishing.
Leask M. (ed.) (2001) Issues in Teaching with ICT. London: Routledge.
Capel S., Leask M., Turner T. (2nd edition 2004, 1996). Starting to Teach in the Secondary School. London: Routledge.
Younie S., Capel S., Leask M. (2009) Supporting Teaching and Learning in the Secondary School: a companion for higher level teaching assistants. London. Routledge.
Capel S., Leask M., Turner T. (2009) Reading for Learning to Teach in the Secondary School. London: Routledge.
Younie S., Leask M. (2013) The Essential Guide to Teaching with Technologies. MK: Open University Press.
Leask M., Pachler, N. (eds) (3rd edition 2013). Teaching and Learning with ICT in the Secondary School. Abingdon: Routledge.
Younie S., Leask M., Burden K. (2014, 2nd edition) Teaching and Learning with ICT in the Primary School. Abingdon: Routledge.
Capel S., Leask M., Turner T. (2019, 8th edition) Learning to Teach in the Secondary School. Abingdon: Routledge.
Hudson, B., Leask, M and Younie, S. (eds) (2020) Education System Design: Foundations, Policy Options and Consequences. Routledge.
References
External link
Profile at De Montfort University
1950 births
Living people
Australian academics
Australian expatriates in the United Kingdom
Academics of the University of Bedfordshire
Academics of Brunel University London
Academics of De Montfort University
Wallace Stroby (born 1960) is an American crime fiction author and journalist.  They are the author of eight novels, four of which feature Crissa Stone, a female professional thief.
Background
Stroby was born and raised in Monmouth County, New Jersey. They graduated from Rutgers University with a B.A. in Journalism and Mass Media, and while there wrote for both the Rutgers' Daily Targum and the Livingston (College) Medium. In 1985, while still a student at Rutgers, they were hired by The Asbury Park (N.J.) Press as the paper's overnight police reporter. They later became an editor on the paper's Sunday edition, to which they also contributed book reviews. The Society of Professional Journalists honored them with First Place awards for review writing in 1988, 1990, 1991 and 1992.
In 1995 they were hired as a Features editor at the Newark (N.J.) Star-Ledger, the state's largest newspaper. There they won two more First Place SPJ Awards for review writing in 1995 and 1996, as well as three Society of Newspaper Design awards in 2001 and 2002 for editing special sections. They left the paper in 2008.
Career
In the 1980s and 1990s, Stroby contributed to a number of magazines, including Esquire Japan, Reader's Digest, Writer's Digest, Filmfax, Fangoria and Outre. For the 1991 issue of Writer's Digest, they conducted an extensive interview with author Stephen King about their creative process, the first long-form interview King had done on the subject. The interview has been reprinted many times in at least three languages. King elaborated on many of the points they raised in the interview in their 2000 book ON WRITING: A MEMOIR OF THE CRAFT.
Stroby's first novel, THE BARBED-WIRE KISS, published in 2003 by St. Martin's Press, introduced their hero, an ex-N.J. state trooper named Harry Rane, who becomes entangled with a local mobster and their wife. In a starred review, Publishers Weekly termed the novel "a dazzling debut," and the Chicago Tribune called it "our annual dose of proof that fresh, new writers can revitalize the mystery genre." Writing in The New York Times, reviewer Marilyn Stasio said, "Stroby does wonders with their blue-collar characters," and The Washington Post called the book "a scorching first novel ... full of attention to character and memory and, even more, to the neighborhoods of New Jersey." The book was a finalist for the 2004 Barry Award for Best First Novel.
Rane returned in 2005 in Stroby's second novel, THE HEARTBREAK LOUNGE, which found their hero in a violent confrontation with Johnny Harrow, a murderous ex-con who'd returned to their coastal New Jersey home on a mission of vengeance. Kirkus Reviews called it "a brilliant follow-up to Stroby's impressive debut" and said, "Harry Rane walks these mean streets perfectly at home with the icons: Spade, Marlowe and Archer." Reviewing the book for The New York Times, Marilyn Stasio said Stroby writes "with such fierce originality that they rejuvenate genre conventions," and found Harrow "an electrifying character." The South Florida Sun-Sentinel termed the book "a tightly plotted fireball of suspense, " and veteran crime novelist James Crumley called it "the real stuff ... a great pleasure, a crime novel full of fully realized characters - good guys and bad."
In 2005, Stroby's Jersey Shore-set short story "Lovers in the Cold" was published in the anthology MEETING ACROSS THE RIVER: Stories Inspired by the Haunting Bruce Springsteen Song (Bloomsbury). The following year, their short story "Heart" appeared in the horse racing-themed anthology BLOODLINES (Vintage), edited by Jason Starr and Maggie Estep. That story marked the first appearance of Morgan, an aging enforcer for a brutal Newark. N.J. drug gang with their own code of honor.
In 2010, Morgan returned in Stroby's stand-alone novel, GONE 'TIL NOVEMBER, which found them traveling to the rural South to recover $350,000 in missing drug money. They end up on a collision course with Sara Cross, a single mom and the only female sheriff's deputy in a small Florida town. The Huffington Post wrote that the novel "puts Stroby in the company of noir masters like Dashiell Hammett and Elmore Leonard." In a starred review, Publishers Weekly called it "a powerful thriller" that "explores moral choices that leave their devastatingly real characters torn between doing nothing and risking everything." Novelist and producer George Pelecanos wrote that "Stroby's mastery of character and dialogue is mated to a hellacious narrative engine. Sara Cross is a wonderful creation."
In 2017, Stroby's short story "Night Run," which originally appeared in the 2016 anthology THE HIGHWAY KIND: Tales of Fast Cars, Desperate Drivers, and Dark Roads (Mulholland Books/Little, Brown & Co.), was chosen for inclusion in the BEST AMERICAN MYSTERY STORIES 2017, edited by Otto Penzler and guest editor John Sandford. Stroby's story was one of the final 20 picked from a field of more than 2,000 entries.
Crissa Stone novels
In 2011, St. Martin's Press published Stroby's COLD SHOT TO THE HEART, the first in their series about a female professional thief named Crissa Stone. This debut novel found Stone on the run after the robbery of a high-stakes card game goes awry. In a starred review, Kirkus called it "Another fast, taut winner from Stroby ... Crissa Stone many be crime fiction's best bad girl ever." The reviewer for the Chicago Tribune wrote that the novel "moves at a breakneck speed ... Stroby's sturdy plot is augmented by their intriguing look at how money corrupts and how even a crook can have a moral compass. Fans of Elmore Leonard and George V. Higgins' 'THE FRIENDS OF EDDIE COYLE' will find much to like." The Milwaukee Journal-Sentinel wrote "With each novel, Stroby's demonstrating he's got the literary muscle to be shelved with the big guys – Elmore Leonard, Jim Thompson and Richard Stark."
Stroby's follow-up, 2012's KINGS OF MIDNIGHT, found Stone joining up with an ex-mobster to search for long-hidden millions from the real-life Lufthansa heist that took place at New York's Kennedy Airport in 1978. New York magazine called the novel "brilliant," and the Los Angeles Review of Books wrote that "Stroby has risen to the top of their field. Crissa Stone has become one of the most relatable and likable criminals in contemporary crime fiction... a modern-day hero for an America still recovering from the economic collapse." Kirkus Reviews chose it as one of the Best Books of 2012.
Stone made their third appearance in 2013's SHOOT THE WOMAN FIRST, on the run again, this time with a duffle bag of stolen cash earmarked for the family of a slain partner, with a brutal ex-cop in pursuit. Publishers Weekly and Kirkus both gave the novel Starred Reviews, and The Boston Globe praised its "lean, poetic prose," and said, "For fans of noir, this is among the best of the current breed." Partially set in Detroit, the novel was dedicated to veteran crime novelist Elmore Leonard, who died shortly before it was published.
The fourth Crissa Stone novel, THE DEVIL'S SHARE, was published by St. Martin's Press in July 2015. It dealt with the theft of ancient Iraqi artifacts, and a corrupt art dealer who hires Stone to hijack a truckload of artifacts before they're repatriated to their native land. Publishers Weekly called THE DEVIL'S SHARE "a razor-sharp cinematic thriller which wastes no words and packs a huge punch."
Television and film
In 2013, the Showtime network optioned the Crissa Stone novels for development as an original series, with a pilot script by Ted Tally, the Oscar-winning screenwriter of THE SILENCE OF THE LAMBS. Though a final script was written, the project never went to pilot, and the rights eventually reverted to Stroby. The Crissa Stone character returned in the short story "Nightbound," included in the 2019 anthology AT HOME IN THE DARK, edited by veteran crime fiction writer Lawrence Block, and published by Subterranean Press.
Stroby has also written extensively about film noir and American crime films of the 1970s for various publications, and continues to host screenings and film festivals. In 2013, they emceed a "Bruce Noir" film festival at the ShowRoom Theater in Asbury Park, N.J., showcasing five film noirs that had influenced the music of Bruce Springsteen.  They are also an occasional co-host at the Bryant Park Summer Film Festival in New York CIty.
Novels
The Barbed-Wire Kiss (2003)
The Heartbreak Lounge (2005)
Gone 'Til November (2010)
Cold Shot to the Heart (2011)
Kings of Midnight (2012)
Shoot the Woman First (2013)
The Devil's Share (2015)
Some Die Nameless (2018)
Heaven's a Lie (2021)
References
1. "Web of Secrets: Shore author finds new voice in third novel"
2. "The Crime of It All"
3. "Mystery Scene"
4. "The Violent World of Parker: Interview with Wallace Stroby"
5. "Shelf Awareness: Wallace Stroby"
6. "New Jersey's No-Frills Crime Writer"
7. "Pulp Serenade: Cold Shot to the Heart"
8. "How I Came to Write This Book"
9. "Writing with ... Wallace Stroby"
10. "Murder, Sex and Mayhem ... Oh, dear!"
11. "New Books: Cold Shot to the Heart"
12. "How to Write a Crime Novel"
13. "Noir of the Week: The Outfit"
14. "A Gritty Crime Novel with Depth"
15. "Kirkus Reviews: Cold Shot to the Heart"
16. "Noir of the Week: Rolling Thunder"
17. "The New 'Mechanic': Fixing What Ain't Broke"
18. "Kirkus Reviews: The Best Mysteries of 2010"
19. "The Week Behind: Cold Shot to the Heart"
20. "Organized Crime Writing"
21. "Teardrops on the City: Clarence Clemons, 1942-2011"
22. "Publishers Weekly: Kings of Midnight"
23. "Adventures of a Girl and Them Front-End Loader"
24. "Alumnus Transitions From Journalist to Novelist"
25. "Five Things That Changed My Life"
26. "Los Angeles Review of Books: Voyeuristic Pleasures"
27. "New York Magazine Approval Matrix: Feb. 20, 2012
28. "Mystery People: Top 10 of 2012"
29. "Kirkus Reviews: The Heartbreak Lounge"
30. "Elmore Leonard 1925-2013: Farewell to a Master"
31. "Publishers Weekly: Shoot the Woman First"
32. https://www.kirkusreviews.com/book-reviews/wallace-stroby/shoot-the-woman-first/
33. http://www.bookreporter.com/reviews/shoot-the-woman-first-a-crissa-stone-novel
External links
Official website
Facebook
Twitter
1960 births
American crime fiction writers
People from Monmouth County, New Jersey
Rutgers University alumni
Living people
American male novelists
Novelists from New Jersey
American male journalists
20th-century American novelists
21st-century American non-fiction writers
20th-century American male writers
20th-century American non-fiction writers
21st-century American male writers
Gareth Michael Grant (born 6 September 1980) is an English former footballer who played as a striker.
They played as a professional in the Premier League and the Football League for Bradford City, Halifax Town and Lincoln City. They also had spells as a professional with Bolton Wanderers and Chester City in which they did not make an appearance. They went on to feature in Non-league football with notable spells with Gainsborough Trinity,
Harrogate Town and Farsley Celtic. They also had spells with Scarborough, Droylsden, Ossett Town, Pontefract Collieries and Frickley Athletic.
Career
Grant made 30 appearances in the Football League for Bradford City, Halifax Town and Lincoln City. At Bradford they scored three goals, against FK Atlantas in the Intertoto Cup, Darlington in the League Cup and Portsmouth in the league. During their spell with Lincoln they scored once against Chesterfield in the Football League Trophy. After Lincoln, they played in non-league football for Chester City, for whom they made one start and scored two goals in the Cheshire Senior Cup against Cheadle Town. Grant also played for Gainsborough Trinity and Harrogate Town, where they scored 15 goals from 43 appearances in all competitions in the 2005–06 season. In the summer of 2006, Grant moved to Farsley Celtic and helped them to gain promotion to the Conference National in 2007, including scoring a goal in the play-off final win of that year. In February 2008, Grant re-signed for Harrogate Town in time for them to face their former team Gainsborough Trinity. They were released later that year, then spent nearly a year out of football before rejoining Farsley Celtic in March 2009. On 13 March 2010 Grant signed alongside their Farsley strike partner Lee Ellington for fellow Conference North side Droylsden, but left shortly afterwards to join former club Gainsborough Trinity. On 1 July 2010 they joined Farsley, moving on to join Ossett Town in July 2013.
In March 2014 they joined Frickley Athletic.
Notes
A. These figures only include seasons in the Conference National, so are incomplete.
References
External links
(Farsley Celtic stats only)
Chester City 'What happened to...?' article (2003)
2008 interview on Farsley Today
Lincoln City F.C. Official Archive Profile
1980 births
Living people
Footballers from Leeds
English footballers
Association football forwards
Bradford City A.F.C. players
Halifax Town A.F.C. players
Bolton Wanderers F.C. players
Lincoln City F.C. players
Gainsborough Trinity F.C. players
Chester City F.C. players
Scarborough F.C. players
Harrogate Town A.F.C. players
Farsley Celtic A.F.C. players
Droylsden F.C. players
Farsley Celtic F.C. players
Ossett Town F.C. players
Premier League players
English Football League players
National League (English football) players
Northern Premier League players
Pontefract Collieries F.C. players
Frickley Athletic F.C. players
Leonarda Gómez Blanco (21 December 1900 - ?) was a Mexican teacher and early member of the Socialist Party of the Southeast. Served as the head of the Cultural Missions Program and Director of Education in both Campeche and Tlaxcala.
Biography
Leonarda Gómez Blanco was born on 21 December 1900 in Sotutoha, Yucatán, Mexico to Mariano Gómez and Emelia Blanco Cardenia. They learned the Maya language and attended elementary school at La Mejorada and later the Instituto Literario de Niñas (ILN) (Literary Institute for Girls) taught by Rita Cetina Gutiérrez. After graduating with their teaching credentials they went on to earn a teaching degree for Kindergarten from Escuela de Educadoras de Mérida (Merida School of Women Educators).
While in school they studied with Rosa Torre González and Carmen Gosgaya who introduced them to Elvia Carrillo Puerto. The group of friends joined the Socialist Party of the Southeast and adhered to the policies of Salvador Alvarado and later Felipe Carrillo Puerto. During the Mexican Revolution Gómez taught Yaqui troops at the barracks in an elementary school established in San Sebastian. They were named as a Director of the Union of Missionary Teachers and went on to head the SEP Cultural Missions program. They served as the Director of Education in Campeche, organized the rural Normal School in Jalisquillo, Nayarit and was the Education Director of the Normal School of Soltepec, Tlaxcala.
The State of Tlaxcala has named an award for teachers with 30 years of service the 'Profa. Leonarda Gómez Blanco de Hernández' Silver Medal. There are 5 elementary and secondary schools, a teacher's college, and monuments in the state that bear them name.
References
1900 births
Mexican educators
People from Yucatán
Year of death missing
Mexican socialists
San Jose Charter Academy is a charter school serving students in kindergarten through eighth grade in West Covina, California.
About
San Jose Charter Academy opened in 1998 as a kindergarten through fifth grade school. The school later expanded to include sixth through eighth grades. The school holds 8 core values as the foundation for building good character and ethics. The core values are Justice, Integrity, Wisdom, Courage, Compassion, Responsibility, Respect, and Hope. In 2009 San Jose Charter Academy won the National Blue Ribbon School award. They won it again in 2016.
References
1998 establishments in California
Charter K–8 schools in California
Educational institutions established in 1998
Melech (מלך) is a Hebrew word that means king, and may refer to:
Melech (name), a given name of Hebrew origin
the title of "king" in ancient Semitic culture, see Malik
the deity Moloch
See also
King of the Jews (disambiguation)
Melek, Slovakia
Melach, a river in Austria
Mellach, Austria
Melik, a hereditary Armenian noble title
Meleth, a nasrani family name in South India related to judeo-Malayalam by ancient Jewish settlements in South India
Stephen Glickman may refer to:
Stephen H. Glickman, American judge
Stephen Kramer Glickman (born 1979), Canadian actor, music producer and comedian
Eddins is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Boyd L. Eddins (born 1933), American politician
Rick L. Eddins, American politician
Robert Eddins (1988–2016), American football linebacker
William Eddins (born 1964), American pianist and conductor
See also
Joel Eddins House
Tan Chui Mui (, born 1978) is a Malaysian filmmaker and film producer based in Malaysia.
Background
Tan was born in Sungai Ular, a small fishing village in Kuantan, Malaysia. Them father is from Kinmen, Taiwan. They graduated with a Bachelor of Multimedia (Hons) in Film and Animation in 2002 from Multimedia University, Malaysia.
Career
Wang Ge of Time Out Beijing identifies Tan Chui Mui of being at the forefront of a new wave of Malaysian filmmakers who deal with social issues. In 2007, they received the Tiger Award from the 36th International Film Festival Rotterdam with their debut feature film Love Conquers All. The film had previously won the New Currents Awards and Fipresci Award at the 11th Pusan International Film Festival in 2006. In 2010, Year Without a Summer was selected for the Asian Cinema Fund, receiving funding for both the script and post-production.  They are also a prolific short filmmaker, who had won prizes in two short film festivals, Oberhausen Short Film Festival and Clermont-Ferrand Short film Festival. In 2008, they had a project of making a short film every month. They had made 7 short films, and they called them All My Failed Attempts. In 2010, they were a judge at the Malaysia Airlines short film competition.
They have been actively involved in the Malaysia independent film scene, working as a producer, editor, scriptwriter, and occasionally an actor. In 2004, they set up Da Huang Pictures with Amir Muhammad, James Lee and Liew Seng Tat.
Filmography
References
External links
Da Huang Pictures
Malaysian film directors
Malaysian people of Chinese descent
Malaysian film producers
1978 births
Living people
Malaysian people of Hokkien descent
Malaysian people of Taiwanese descent
Asian film producers
Malaysian documentary film producers
Malaysian women experimental filmmakers
Women documentary filmmakers
Lukáš Bolf (born February 20, 1985) is a Czech professional ice hockey player who currently plays for Yertis Pavlodar of the Kazakhstan Hockey Championship. They were selected by the Pittsburgh Penguins in the 6th round (169th overall) of the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.
Bolf played with HC Sparta Praha in the Czech Extraliga during the 2010–11 Czech Extraliga season.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
Czech ice hockey defencemen
Pittsburgh Penguins draft picks
Arlan Kokshetau players
Barrie Colts players
HC Berounští Medvědi players
HC Oceláři Třinec players
HC Slovan Ústečtí Lvi players
HC Sparta Praha players
HK Dukla Trenčín players
KLH Vajgar Jindřichův Hradec players
Motor České Budějovice players
VHK Vsetín players
Yertis Pavlodar players
People from Vrchlabí
Sportspeople from the Hradec Králové Region
Nicky Siano (born March 18, 1955 in Brooklyn, New York) is a former resident DJ at Studio 54.
Biography
In 1971, aged 16, Siano got their first DJing gig at The Roundtable. In February 1973, aged 17, they opened The Gallery in Chelsea, Manhattan with their older brother Joe Siano. New York Magazine called it "one of the five most visually breathtaking nightspots of our time". The Gallery was, alongside David Mancuso's Loft and Paradise Garage one of the three most important clubs in New Yorks's 1979s underground disco scene. Both Larry Levan and Frankie Knuckles worked there before starting DJing. Knuckles said that they and Levan "spent a lot of the time hanging out in the booth, watching Nicki's every move. They pretty much taught us what we were doing."
When Steve Rubell opened Studio 54, they asked Siano to be one of its resident DJs, which they agreed, while remaining at The Gallery at weekends. Siano was DJing during Bianca Jagger's infamous Studio 54 birthday party, and was playing as Bianca Jagger entered on a white horse. They were known for playing underground alternative music as opposed to the disco hits that were dominating the nightclub scene.
Siano was fired from Studio 54 after four months due to excessive drug use. They claim that they were fired because Rubell wanted the club to be the star and not the DJ.
In 1977, Siano went into production with the single "Kiss Me Again" on Sire Records, co-written and produced with Arthur Russell, which sold more than 300,000 records.
Siano dropped out of the scene around the start of the 1980s. They recounted to the Sydney Morning Herald that in 1982, they became sober, their best friend died of AIDS, and they "wound up in a 15-year career helping people with AIDS."
Siano continues to tour and produce. Their release Power of Love, featuring Arline Burton, was launched at the 2007 Winter Music Conference. Siano has also released a film documenting the Gallery nightclub with footage shot in the club during the 1970s.
On October 18, 2011, Siano reappeared at Studio 54 for the club's one-night reopening, organized by Sirius XM Radio. They played all 1970s disco from the club's original days.
References
External links
Nicky Siano's Homepage
Nick Siano at Disco-Disco.com
Nicky Siano at trustthedj.com
Nicky Siano interview
Club DJs
LGBT DJs
1955 births
Living people
The Sheraton Gunter Hotel is a historic hotel in Downtown San Antonio, Texas, USA built in 1909 and designed by St. Louis architect John Mauran. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
History
The Gunter Hotel opened on November 20, 1909, on the site of the earlier Mahncke Hotel. There had been a hotel or inn on the same site since 1837. The eight-story, 301-room hotel was built by the San Antonio Hotel Company and named for Jot Gunter, a local rancher and real estate developer who was one of its financiers. It was designed by Ernest Russell, of the St. Louis firm Mauran, Russell & Garden. It was the largest building in San Antonio at the time.
The Baker Hotel Company purchased the hotel in 1924 and expanded it in 1926 with the addition of three stories. The addition was designed by architect Herbert Green.
It was restored from 1980-1985, overseen by architect Robert V. Buck. At the same time, a two-story parking garage was added adjacent to the hotel, designed by Gustav Heye. It was renamed the Radisson Gunter Hotel in April 1986 and then the Sheraton Gunter Hotel in 1989. It was sold to the Camberley Group in 1996, becoming The Camberley Gunter. It was sold to Houston Street Hotel Partners in 1999 and became, again, the Sheraton Gunter Hotel.
The insurance company United Services Automobile Association was formed based on a meeting of twenty five United States Army Officers on June 20, 1922 at the Gunter Hotel to discuss the procurement of reliable and economical auto insurance.
Military use
The Vance House hotel, now the site of the Gunter Hotel, became the administrative offices for the U.S. Army during the Mexican–American War from 1846-1847 as the Headquarters for Texas military affairs. At this site, General David E. Twiggs surrendered $1,600,000 in federal property to the forces of Confederate Texas. The Gunter Hotel was also the site of the headquarters of Brevet Colonel Robert E. Lee who assumed command of the Post of San Antonio on August 5, 1857.
In popular culture
On November 27, 1936, Room 414 of the Gunter was the scene of a historic recording session by blues artist Robert Johnson. Talent scout H. C. Speir had arranged the session with Brunswick Records who set up a temporary studio in the hotel where Johnson recorded a number of songs including the blues classic "Sweet Home Chicago".
In 2009, John Mellencamp came to the Gunter to record the track "Right Behind Me" for their album No Better Than This, in the same room where Johnson had recorded in 1936.
In 2016 American singer songwriter Joe Henry and British singer-songwriter Billy Bragg recorded a record in room 414 for their Shine a Light collaboration.
References
External links
Official site
National Register of Historic Places in San Antonio
Hotel buildings completed in 1909
Hotels in San Antonio
Hotel buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Texas
Mexican–American War forts
Louis-Adrien Berbrugger (May 11, 1801July 2, 1869) was a French archeologist and philologist.
Berbrugger was born in Paris. They were an Arabist, with a Muslim wife, who set up the National Library in Algiers.
Honors and accomplishments
They died in Algiers. Their memorial lists their honors and accomplishments (in French):
Curator of the library and museum of Algiers.
President of the Algerian Historical Society.
Member of the general council of the province of Algiers.
Colonel of the Algerian militia.
Commander of the French Legion of Honor.
Commander of the Order of Nichan Iftikhar.
Knight of the Order of St. Gregory the Great.
Selected writings
Nouveau dictionnaire de poche français-espagnol et espagnol-français, (1829) – New French-Spanish and Spanish-French pocket dictionary.
Exploration scientifique de l'Algérie pendant les années 1840, 1841, 1842, (1847) – Scientific exploration of Algeria from 1840 to 1842.
Les époques militaires de la Grande Kabilie, (1857) – The military eras of the Great Kabylia.
Le Pégnon d'Alger, ou, Les origines du gouvernement Turc en Algérie, (1860) – The Peñón of Algiers, or, the origins of the Turkish government in Algeria
Le tombeau de la chrétienne, mausolée des rois mauritaniens de la dernière dynastie, (1867) – The Christian tomb at the Royal Mausoleum of Mauretania of the last dynasty.
Notes
1801 births
1869 deaths
Archaeologists from Paris
Commandeurs of the Légion d'honneur
École Nationale des Chartes alumni
Tudor Royal Progresses were an important way to for the Tudor monarchs to consolidate their rule throughout England. Following their victory at the Battle of Bosworth in August 1485, the first Tudor monarch, Henry VII, ensured their coronation (November 1485), called a parliament (November 1485), married Elizabeth of York (January 1486) – all in London before embarking on their first Royal Progress in March 1486. The last Tudor Royal Progress took place in summer 1602, as Elizabeth I, the last Tudor monarch died in March 1603.
References
Tudor England
The Metropolitan Center for High Technology, formerly S. S. Kresge World Headquarters, is an office building located at 2727 Second Avenue in Midtown Detroit, Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places and designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1979. The office building is now part of Wayne State University and used as a business incubator for startup companies.
History
Sebastian S. Kresge was a prosperous traveling salesperson when, in 1884, they purchased a part interest in two retail stores. One of them was located in Detroit; Kresge moved to the city and soon gained control of a five and dime retail store on Woodward. Kresge applied their own name to the store, and by 1899 was beginning to build a chain of five-and-dimes. By 1912, the chain had expanded to 85 Kresge stores.
Kresge incorporated their business, and set about constructing an impressive office building as its headquarters. They commissioned Albert Kahn to design an 18-story building, now known as the Kales Building, at Adams and Park. Kresge's prospered during World War I, and after the war it had begun to outgrow its home.
Kresge again hired Kahn to design a larger headquarters, this time located on Second at Cass Park, spacious enough to provide office facilities for 1,200 Kresge employees. The resulting building, completed in 1927, is unique for its horizontal massing as opposed to the vertical lines of the more common skyscraper, and won awards for its outstanding architecture.
Description
The Kresge World Headquarters is a limestone-faced building, constructed in the shape of a large E with the wings pointing away from the park. It covers a city block, and has of office space. The central pavilion facing Cass Park is five-and-a-half stories; the wings are only four stories. The building is a mix of styles, with the standing-seam copper Mansard roof decorated with terra cotta cresting reminiscent of Second Empire style, and the clean lines of the facade clearly Art Deco in origin.
The ordered rows of windows emphasize the horizontal, while the classical Doric pilasters at the entrance emphasize the vertical. A bandcourse separates the fourth floor from the lower levels, and the floors above have smaller windows that nevertheless resemble the lower-tier windows.
The interior uses polished granite for the entrance with inlaid walnut paneling.
Kresge used these offices until the firm moved to suburban Troy in 1972. For some years after that, the building was used by the Detroit Institute of Technology. The building is part of Wayne State University, and has been used in part as an incubator for tech start-up firms known as the Metropolitan Center for High Technology. Offices for some Wayne State departments are located in this building.
References
Wayne State University
Office buildings in Detroit
Office buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Michigan
Buildings and structures completed in 1928
Retail company headquarters in the United States
Art Deco architecture in Michigan
Michigan State Historic Sites
Historic district contributing properties in Michigan
1928 establishments in Michigan
Sears Holdings buildings and structures
Detroit Institute of Technology
National Register of Historic Places in Detroit
Albert Kahn (architect) buildings
Phtheochroa canariana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae first described by William Barnes and August Busck in 1920. It is found in the United States, where it has been recorded from Arizona.
Taxonomy
It is often listed as a synonym of Phtheochroa fulviplicana.
References
Moths described in 1920
Phtheochroa
The Vieuxtemps Guarneri is a violin built by the renowned Italian instrument maker Giuseppe Guarneri around 1741. One of the last built by Bartolomeo Giuseppe Guarneri, this Guarneri del Gesù instrument gained its name after being owned by the Belgian 19th century violinist Henri Vieuxtemps. The instrument was later used by Yehudi Menuhin, Itzhak Perlman and Pinchas Zukerman. Past owners of the instrument have included Sir Isaac Wolfson and Ian Stoutzker.
The violin has been meticulously maintained and is considered to be in Great condition
without cracks and never having required patching, rendering it an excellent example of various principles of standing waves in string instruments. The initial craftsmanship and its resulting sound as well as the well documented provenance and careful maintenance has led it to a steady increase in price over the years: it has often been viewed as an investment leaving some to criticize the overall trend of musical instruments gathering dust in a museum rather than being played as intended.
In 2012, J&A Beares Ltd sold the instrument, in collaboration with Paolo Alberghini and Julie Reed Yeboah, for an undisclosed sum to an unnamed client. The undisclosed sum was reported to exceed that of the earlier world record price for the "Lady Blunt" violin. The purchaser subsequently provided lifetime use of the instrument to American violinist Anne Akiko Meyers for performance. In a December 3, 2013 article The Economist reported that the purchase price of the "Vieuxtemps" violin exceeded $16m (£10.5m).
References
Giuseppe Guarneri violins
1741 works
Actinobacillosis is a zoonotic disease caused by Actinobacillus.
It is more commonly associated with animals than with humans.
One of the most common forms seen by veterinarians is mouth actinobacillosis of cattle, due to Actinobacillus lignieresii. The most prominent symptom is the swelling of the tongue that protrudes from the mouth and is very hard at palpation ("wooden tongue").
Actinobacillus suis is an important disease of pigs of all ages and can lead to severe morbidity and sudden death.
Causes
The infection is most commonly caused by abrasions on different soft tissues through which the bacteria, Actinobacillus lignieresii, enter. These soft tissues include subcutaneous tissues, the tongue, lymph nodes, lungs, and various tissues in the gastrointestinal tract. The injury results in different forms and locations of the disease depending on the location of the tissue. The commensal bacteria are also commonly found in the oral cavity, gastrointestinal tract, and reproductive tract, sometimes resulting in disease. There are generally one or two cases of actinobacillosis per herd found in adult cows, foals or adult horses, and other similar animals.
Differential diagnosis
Mouth actinobacillosis of cattle must be differentiated from actinomycosis that affects bone tissues of the maxilla.
Treatment
When only the mouth is involved, actinobacillosis in cattle and other ruminants can frequently be treated with intravenous administration of sodium iodide. In more severe cases, or instances in which the animal either does not respond to sodium iodide or begins to develop signs of toxicity to it, antibiotics may be used instead. Surgical debridement or debulking of affected tissues may be required if the airway becomes obstructed. Antibiotics are the primary course of treatment for pigs and horses affected by the disease.
See also
actinomycosis
Actinobacillus suis
References
External links
Zoonoses
Joseph Witterwulghe (1 November 1883 – 1967) was a Belgian sculptor. Their work was part of the sculpture event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1883 births
1967 deaths
20th-century Belgian sculptors
20th-century male artists
Belgian sculptors
Olympic competitors in art competitions
Artists from Brussels
The Feed is an Australian news, current affairs and satire television series that began airing on SBS Viceland on 20 May 2013 and has continued through several series and with several changes of presenters.
Broadcast history
The Feed was created by SBS former Director of News and Current Affairs Paul Cutler, who enlisted pop-culture journalist Patrick Abboud to help assemble a crew to produce a 15-minute daily show. Nick Hayden first executive producer when season one began airing in 2013, with presenters Patrick Abboud, Marc Fennell, Jan Fran and Andy Park.
The series episodes were extended for following seasons to a full half an hour segment daily, with a mix of in-depth features, news headlines and comedy skits. Several guests presenters have appeared on The Feed including Lee Lin Chin, Dan Ilic, Kirsten Drysdale, Lawrence Leung, Good Game'''s Michael Hing, Mark Humphries, and others. In 2015, Andy Park departed the show to become a reporter on ABC's 7.30 current affairs show.
Since then, The Feed has been co-hosted at various times by Marc Fennell, Jan Fran, Laura Murphy-Oates (from NITV) and others.
In 2020 The Feed moved to a weekly format, and switched to the SBS main channel, airing at 10pm, and following veteran current affairs programs Insight at 8.30pm and Dateline at 9.30pm.
In May 2022, SBS announced it would end the series due to declining audience figures, with its final episode airing on 28 June. Content under the Feed brand would continue to be made for SBS On Demand and social media.
Awards
In 2015, The Feed'' was nominated for a Logie Award in the Most Outstanding Public Affairs Report category for their story "Ice Towns".
In 2016, Lee Lin Chin was nominated for the Gold and Silver Logie Awards for their work on the series and on SBS World News.
In 2017 producer Elise Potaka won an Amnesty International Australia Media Award for their story "Forced to Marry"
In July 2018 reporter Laura Murphy-Oates won the Young Journalist of the Year Walkley Award.
In November 2018 the UN Day Media Award was won by producer Una Butorac for their story "Foul play: Are clubs killing community sport?".
In 2019 Jan Fran won the 2019 Walkley Award for Best Commentary for their "Frant" segments.
In 2020 Marty Smiley, Jack Tullerners and Pat Forrest won the Best Visual Storytelling Young Walkley award for their feature on the Christian Democratic Party, while Ella Archibald-Binge was awarded the longform feature prize for their piece on Australia's stolen wages scheme.
References
External links
Special Broadcasting Service original programming
Australian television news shows
2013 Australian television series debuts
English-language television shows
Laver is a ghost town located about 15 km southwest of Vidsel and 50 km west of Älvsbyn in Sweden which existed between 1936 and 1947. It was a mining community where copper was extracted. About 350 people lived there at most. The operations of the Laver mine ended on 4 November 1946.
Further reading
External links
Laver – ett gruvsamhälle med kort livslängd
Lavergruvan
Ghost towns in Europe
Copper mines in Sweden
Mining communities in Sweden
Geography of Norrbotten County
Former populated places in Sweden
The white-browed nuthatch (Sitta victoriae), also known as the Victoria nuthatch, is a species of bird in the family Sittidae. It is a small nuthatch, measuring in length and without sexual dimorphism. Like many other nuthatches, they are gray-blue, contrasting with white underparts on the throat, cheeks, and breast and orange on the flanks, belly, and lower abdomen. Its white supercilium makes it easy to distinguish it from the white-tailed nuthatch (S. himalayensis), which is a close species in the systematic and geographical sense. Little is known about its ecology, but it feeds on small insects found among bark and lichens, and breeding occurs around April.
The white-browed nuthatch is endemic to Nat Ma Taung, also known as Mount Victoria, in the southern Chin Hills of Myanmar. It inhabits old oak groves at high elevations (generally above ). The numbers of the species are poorly known but are estimated at a few thousand individuals. They are threatened by habitat destruction by fire and human pressure. For these reasons, the International Union for the Conservation of Nature considers the bird to be an "endangered species."
Taxonomy
The white-browed nuthatch was described in 1904 under its current binomial name, S. victoriae, by the British ornithologist and Lieutenant-Colonel George Rippon, and the holotype is deposited in the British Museum. British ornithologist Lieutenant H. Wood, who visited Nat Ma Taung, also known as Mount Victoria; thus, the species was called Sitta victoriae, visited nearby during the winter of 1901–1921, and was the first to explore the Chin hills ornithologically. Rippon then spent several months on Nat Ma Taung in 1904, collecting a large number of specimens in response to Wood's initial findings. It is most likely phylogenetically related to the white-tailed nuthatch (S. himalayensis), prompting Richard Meinertzhagen (in 1927), Ernst Mayr (in 1941), and Charles Vaurie (in 1957) to treat S. victoriae as a subspecies of S. himalayensis. However, Vaurie pointed out that there was no evidence of intergradation between the nuthatch from Nat Ma Taung and the nuthatch from the Mizo Hills in the Himalayas, 180 kilometers northeast of Nat Ma Taung. In 1957, British ornithologist Simon Harrap suggested that the small size, solid , and marked white supercilium may indicate close relationships with the Yunnan nuthatch (Sitta yunnanensis). German ornithologist Hans Edmund Wolters proposed the division of the genus Sitta into subgenera in 1975-1982. The white-browed nuthatch is placed in Sitta (Mesositta). According to the International Ornithological Congress and Alan P. Peterson, no subspecies are distinguished.
Päckert and colleagues (2020) studied the complete circum-Tibetan group of clades, which were sister to S. himalayensis and S. victoriae. Surprisingly, a deep split between three specimens of S. himalayaensis equaled interspecific divergences among species of clade. Within the group europaea, the white-tailed nuthatch and white-browed nuthatch are not included in the study, but appear to be basal.
Description
The white-browed nuthatch is a small nuthatch, measuring in length. The folded wing measures for the male, for the female. The tail is , the is , and the tarsus is . The weight is not known, but the Chinese nuthatch and the red-breasted nuthatch, which are also in length, average and , respectively.
The of the white-browed nuthatch are bluish-gray, dull. Underparts are white from the throat and lower chest, but the belly is orange, with the underside and undertail light red and the flanks darker. The white-browed nuthatch has a white forehead, eyebrows, and lore, and a black line at the back of the eye, thickening backwards on the nape. The cheeks are as white as the throat but the back of the cheek is orange, with a white patch on the parotic coverts. No sexual dimorphism was found, and the juveniles could be distinguished by the lighter orange-red flanks. The bill is black at the tip and slate gray otherwise; the culmen and lower mandible are iris red-brown or dark brown, paler. The thighs are gray, and the legs are dull, yellowish-brown, or olive-brown.
The white-browed nuthatch can be confused with the white-tailed nuthatch, which can inhabit the same areas but which is rare where white-browed nuthatch lives. Adults in their fresh plumage have a whitish-narrow supercilium (to the back of the ear-coverts). The central tail feathers of white-browed nuthatch are light gray at the tip and have white over most of their base, which is distinctive from the white-tailed nuthatch in which the white is relatively sparse. It has a narrow black that becomes much wider on the upper mantle. The white-browed nuthatch can also be recognized by its white eyebrows and forehead and the strong contrast between the white of the breast and the dark red flanks. Finally, the beak is shorter and thinner.
Ecology and behavior
Vocalizations
The call is produced at irregular intervals, and consists of a simple pit or plit. The white-browed nuthatch also emits an insistent pii, pii, pii... with 2.5 to 3.5 notes per second, produced more or less regularly. Harrap reports a possible song, consisting of 9 to 12 units at 9 notes per second and consisting of a whi-whi-whi... The classical song is a slow and soft trill composed of tuwi couplets emitted at the rate of 4 couplets per second, and produced in a stanza of 1.5 seconds rising in intensity tuwi-tuwi-tuwi-tuwi-tuwi-tuwit.
Food
The nuthatch is usually seen alone or in pairs. It feeds on small insects which it usually finds in the epiphytes growing on the oaks, or in hollows in the bark. It generally explores the outer branches, but can also prospect on the branches more inside the tree or on the trunk. The plant species prospected are Quercus semecarpifolia half the time, but Rhododendron arboreum is also exploited, as well as, to a lesser extent, Lyonia ovalifolia, Lithocarpus dealbatus, Pinus kesiya, and Alnus nepalensis.
Breeding
Very little is known about the reproduction of the white-browed nuthatch. Myanma ornithologist Thet Zaw Naing reported in 2003 the observation of three nests between mid-March and early April of the previous year. Two of the nests were located in the cavity of an internal branch of a Quercus semecarpifolia, and high; the third was placed in the trunk of a Rhododendron arboreum, six meters high. The first nest cited was dug by the female alone, and its entrance was not bricked up, unlike what several other nuthatch species are accustomed to doing. Only females seem to feed the young. In April, three flocks were observed, each with two mature young.
Distribution and habitat
The white-browed nuthatch is endemic to western Myanmar. In the southern part of the Chin Hills, the white-browed nuthatch is currently found in Nat Ma Taung at nearly , and further northwest in the spring of 1995 near Mindat.
The white-browed nuthatch avoids the pure pine forests of Pinus kesiya and is found instead in lichen-covered old oak forests of the alpine level. Thus, it was observed at an altitude of over in 1940 and over in the spring of 1995. However, during the description of the species in 1904, Rippon reported that they collected six birds between altitude from March 22 to April 30; there could therefore be a seasonal altitudinal dispersion, with the birds leaving the higher altitudes during winter.
The white-browed nuthatch habitat consists mainly of Quercus semecarpifolia oaks, covered with epiphytic plants, lichens, mosses, orchids, and ferns.
Status and threats
The white-browed nuthatch is one of four endemic bird species in Myanmar, the others being the Hooded treepie (Crypsirina cucullata), Burmese bush lark (Mirafra microptera) and White-throated babbler (Turdoides gularis). The counts of the species mentioned in the literature are very patchy: 14 birds were observed in 1995, then five over two weeks in April 2000, and 45 during four months of fieldwork in 2001-2003. In 2007, surveys in the Chin Hills did not find any observations of this nuthatch, suggesting that the species is highly endemic to the Nat Ma Taung region. These observations, combined with density and distribution data, indicate a population of 2,500 to 10,000 mature individuals, for a total of 3,500 to 15,000 individuals.
On Nat Ma Taung, the forest has been completely cleared up to , and the remaining habitats at are severely degraded. Nearly 12,000 people live in Natmataung National Park, and trapping and fires are adding to the threats to the species. The population, estimated at a few thousand individuals, is declining. The species is legally protected by a 1994 Myanmarese law (Protection of Wildlife and Conservation of Natural Areas Law), but no protective measures are implemented, including discouraging the destruction of its habitat. The range is estimated at by BirdLife International. For these reasons, the species is considered endangered by the International Union for the Conservation of Nature.
References
white-browed nuthatch
Endemic birds of Myanmar
white-browed nuthatch
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Denis Lyle Rathbone (30 May 1912 – 1991) was an English track and field athlete who competed in the 1934 British Empire Games.
At the 1934 Empire Games they were a member of the English relay team which won the gold medal in the 4×440 yards event. In the 220 yards competition they were eliminated in the semi-finals.
External links
commonwealthgames.com results
Profile of Denis Rathbone
1912 births
1991 deaths
British male sprinters
English male sprinters
Athletes (track and field) at the 1934 British Empire Games
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for England
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
Khadagi (; Kaitag: Хаӏдаӏгъи; Dargwa: Хядягъи) is a rural locality (a selo) in Dzhibakhninsky Selsoviet, Kaytagsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 183 as of 2010. There are 3 streets.
Geography
Khadagi is located 16 km southeast of Madzhalis (the district's administrative centre) by road. Kulegu, Dzhinabi and Dzhibakhni are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Kaytagsky District
Religion in Artsakh is characterized by a largely homogeneous Christian population (99%) who overwhelmingly belong to the Armenian Apostolic Church (98%).
History
Arab and Safavid rule
Islam arrived in Nagorno-Karabakh with Arabs in the seventh century, gradually increasing as Islamic nations ruled the region.
In the sixteenth century, the first shah of the Safavid Dynasty, Ismail I (r. 1486–1524) established Shia Islam as the state religion. The Safavid Dynasty would have a strict policy of enforcing Shia Islam, which would bring political conflict with the Sunnis of the neighbouring Ottoman Empire.
Russian & Soviet rule
In 1806, Northern Azerbaijan was annexed by the Russian Empire from the Persian Qajar Dynasty, this region also included Nagorno-Karabakh.
In 1918, the Azerbaijan Democratic Republic (1918 - 20) declared independence from Russia during the Russian Civil war. But was promptly incorporated into the Soviet Union in 1920. During the Soviet era, state atheism was enforced, which resulted in all of Nagorno-Karabakh's Churches and Mosques being closed.
Republic of Artsakh
After the collapse of USSR the First Nagorno-Karabakh War began, during which most of the local Sunni Azeri population was deported by Armenian forces. The remaining Azeries largely emigrated back to Azerbaijan. Today, most of the Armenian population is Christian and belongs to the Armenian Apostolic Church which is an Oriental Orthodox Church. Certain Eastern Orthodox and Evangelical denominations also exist.
Religious places
See also :Category:Churches in the Republic of Artsakh and List of mosques in Nagorno-Karabakh
References
Republic of Artsakh culture
Nagorno-Karabakh
Republic of Artsakh
Corebus (c. 117–138) converted to Christianity by St. Eleutherius. Shortly afterwards they were made a prefect of Messina, Sicily. They suffered martyrdom at the hands of Emperor Hadrian in 138.
References
138 deaths
Sicilian saints
2nd-century Christian martyrs
Year of birth unknown
Year of birth uncertain
Barrie D'Rozario DiLorenzo, formerly Barrie D'Rozario Murphy, is a marketing and advertising agency in Minneapolis, Minnesota. It was founded in November 2006 by original partners Bob Barrie, Stuart D'Rozario and David Murphy. Before founding the agency, Barrie and D'Rozario worked at Fallon Worldwide where they were responsible for the award-winning United Airlines campaign "It's Time to Fly". Over the last 7 years, the agency has worked with a wide range of Fortune 500 companies including Dell Computer, Lands' End, Medtronic, Wagner Spray Tech, United Airlines, Best Buy, UnitedHealth Group, Optum, Bissell Inc., Chase Bank, Applied Materials, Compellent, Del Webb Homes, Chambers Hotel and the Sunset Marquis Hotel.
In 2009, a 30-minute film created by BD'D for the Chambers Hotel in Minneapolis won one of only two Gold Lions within the U.S. for film at the International Advertising Festival in Cannes, France.
BD'D was also honored with the 2009 O'Toole Award for the "Best Small Agency" in the U.S., courtesy of the American Association of Advertising Agencies (4A's).
In 2013, BD'D gained national recognition for its "500 hours" initiative, which was featured in over 50 media channels nationally including the NBC Nightly News, MSN, The Today Show, USA Today and Huffington Post. (www.bdd.us/500hours)
In January 2014, Kevin DiLorenzo, former CEO at Olson, joined BD'D as partner and president. New BD'D offices in Chicago and Silicon Valley followed later in the year.
References
"Barrie D'Rozario Murphy Wins Dell Public Biz, AdWeek, 2011-01-26,
"BD'M named agency of record for Wagner Spraytech," Minnesota Business Journal 2011-08-28,
"Barrie D'Rozario Murphy, TargetCast Pick Up Lands' End," Ad Age 2012-05-25
"Boss offers 500 paid hours to pursue passions," USA Today 2013-08-20,
External links
BD'D Website
BD'D 500 Hours
NBC Nightly News Story
Advertising agencies of the United States
Companies based in Minneapolis
Marketing companies established in 2006
Huntington Memorial Hospital is a 619-bed not-for-profit hospital in Pasadena, California. The official name of the hospital is Pasadena Hospital DBA (doing business as) Huntington Memorial Hospital, known locally as HMH, Huntington Memorial or Huntington Hospital.
In the 1930s Pasadena Hospital was awarded two million dollars from the estate of Henry Edwards Huntington, a Southern California business person and booster, and as a result, the common name of the hospital was changed.
Overview
Huntington Memorial Hospital OR Huntington Fortress is a non-profit, community-based medical center, which provides acute medical care and community services to the western San Gabriel Valley and nearby communities. The 625-bed hospital is for the treatment of epilepsy, prostate cancer, robotic minimally invasive surgery and bariatric surgery. In 2009, Huntington Hospital provided approximately $51 million in qualified community benefits, directed at vulnerable populations, health research, education and training and charity care. Approximately $33 million of additional support was provided on behalf of Medicare patients.
First established in 1983, the Huntington Hospital Center for Trauma Care is the only trauma center serving the San Gabriel Valley, and one of 13 trauma centers in Los Angeles County. Designated a Level II trauma center, the hospital provides trauma care and medevac capability 24/7 via its rooftop helipad. Huntington offers the only pediatric intensive care unit and only Regional Level Neonatal Intensive Care Unit in the San Gabriel Valley.
In the late 1980s, a new emergency department, along with a new maternity department were built and opened in 1991. Then, a new inpatient tower, known as the east tower opened in the late 1990s and the inpatient west tower was built and opened in 2008. A larger emergency department was opened in 2014. It was part of the hospital's campaign fund made possible by residents of the greater Pasadena area to build these new buildings to meet the earthquake safety requirements.
In 2020, the hospital signed a agreement to join the Cedars-Sinai Health System.
It is a teaching affiliate of the University of Southern California Keck School of Medicine and is accredited by the Joint Commission. It has residency programs in both internal medicine and general surgery. Eight community groups assist the hospital by hosting annual fundraisers, staffing the gift shop, sponsoring new equipment, supporting medical research, and paying for the renovation of patient care areas. These groups raise thousands of dollars annually and include: Altadena Guild, The Fall Food and Wine Committee, La Canada Flintridge Guild, H.E.A.R.T., National Charity League Juniors, San Marino Guild, and the Women's Auxiliary.
Accreditation
Fully accredited by the Joint Commission, Huntington Hospital has advanced certification as a Primary Stroke Center and participates in the American College of Surgeons National Surgical Quality Improvement Program. It has received Blue Distinction in cardiac care, hip and knee replacement surgery and is considered a Center of Excellence by the American Society for Metabolic & Bariatric Surgery. The Huntington Hospital Cancer Center has received the Outstanding Achievement Award from the American College of Surgeons Commission on Cancer.
Area covered for the paramedics
Huntington Hospital has area covered for the Paramedics:
Los Angeles Fire Department – RA 35,
Los Angeles County Fire Department – Squads 11 and 19
Pasadena F.D. – RA 31, 32, 33, 34, and 36.
South Pasadena F.D.
References
External links
Huntington Hospital Website
This hospital in the CA Healthcare Atlas A project by OSHPD
Hospitals in Los Angeles County, California
Buildings and structures in Pasadena, California
Keck School of Medicine of USC
Hospitals established in 1892
Hospital buildings completed in 1893
1893 establishments in California
Organizations based in Pasadena, California
Trauma centers
Novyye Usy () is a rural locality (a village) in Novoursayevsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 8 as of 2010. There is 1 street.
Geography
Novyye Usy is located 36 km southwest of Bakaly (the district's administrative centre) by road. Muslyuminka is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
Gwak Mi-hee (; born May 10, 1974) is a South Korean cross-country mountain biker and ski mountaineer, who has won all individual races of all Asian Championships of Ski Mountaineering since the first edition.
Gwak was born in Yesan, and lives in Seoul. They started cycling in 1997, and became a member of the national team in 2001.
Selected results
Ski mountaineering
2007:
1st: Asian Championship, individual
2009:
1st: Asian Championship, individual
1st: Asian Championship, vertical race
3rd: Asian Championship, relay (mixed teams), together with Park Jong-il
2012:
1st: Asian Championship, individual
Mountain biking
2002:
6th, Asian Games, women's cross-country
References
External links
Gwak Mi-hee at SkiMountaineering.org
1974 births
Living people
Cross-country mountain bikers
Cyclists at the 2002 Asian Games
People from Yesan County
South Korean female cyclists
South Korean mountain bikers
South Korean female ski mountaineers
Asian Games competitors for South Korea
Sportspeople from South Chungcheong Province
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1535.
Events
January 13 – A statute of the Parlement of Paris is enacted forbidding all printing under threat of hanging and closing all bookshops, although it is quickly abandoned.
October 4 – Publication of Myles Coverdale's complete Bible translation into English in Antwerp is completed.
unknown date – The earliest printed book in Estonian, a Catechism with a translation by Johann Koell from the Middle Low German Lutheran text of Simon Wanradt, is printed by Hans Lufft in Wittenberg for use in Tallinn.
New books
Prose
John Bourchier, 2nd Baron Berners – Huon of Burdeuxe
Desiderius Erasmus – Ecclesiastes: sive de ratione concionandi
Simon Wanradt and Johann Koell – Catechism (first book text in Estonian)
Poetry
Births
Thomas North, English translator (died c.1604)
Approximate years
George Gascoigne, English writer, soldier and courtier (died 1577)
Thomas Legge, English dramatist (died 1607)
Deaths
February 7 – Thomas More, English social philosopher, politician and author (born 1478)
October 10 – Pedro Manuel Jiménez de Urrea, Spanish poet and dramatist (born 1485)
Unknown date – Girolamo Angeriano (also "Hieronymus Angerianus"), poet in Italian and Latin (born c. 1470 – 1490)
References
1535
1535 books
Renaissance literature
Early Modern literature
Years of the 16th century in literature
In Polynesian mythology (Samoa), Savali is the messenger of Tagaloa.
This name was given to the Samoan-language official gazette launched by the Administration of German Samoa in 1905, pursued during New Zealand administration (1914-1962) and still on print nowadays in independent Samoa.
References
Samoan mythology
Oasis / Oase is a 1955 French / German adventure film directed by Yves Allégret. It was based on the 1933 novel The Commander by John Knittel. The screenplay was written by Joseph Kessel, Ben Barzman, and Georges Kessel. The film stars Michèle Morgan, Cornell Borchers, Carl Raddatz, and Pierre Brasseur.
It tells the story of two female smugglers and an inexperienced gold smuggler.
Principal cast
Michèle Morgan as Francoise Lignières
Cornell Borchers as Karin Salstroem
Pierre Brasseur as Antoine Vallin (In the French version)
Carl Raddatz as Antoine Vallin (In the German version)
Grégoire Aslan as Pérez
External links
1955 films
1955 adventure films
Films based on Swiss novels
Films based on works by John Knittel
Films directed by Yves Allégret
Films set in deserts
Films set in Morocco
French adventure films
1950s French-language films
German adventure films
1950s German-language films
French multilingual films
West German films
German multilingual films
20th Century Fox films
1950s multilingual films
CinemaScope films
1950s French films
1950s German films
The Metropolis of Bessarabia (), also referred to as the Bessarabian Orthodox Church, is an autonomous Eastern Orthodox Metropolitan bishopric of the Romanian Orthodox Church, situated in Moldova. Its canonical jurisdiction is the territory of the Republic of Moldova, and over the Moldovan and Romanian Orthodox diaspora from the former USSR.
The Metropolis of Bessarabia was created in 1918, as the Archbishopric of Chișinău, and organized as a Metropolis, in 1927. Inactive during the Soviet occupation of Bessarabia (1940–1941) and the Soviet rule in Moldova (1944–1991), the Metropolis of Bessarabia was re-activated on 14 September 1992, and raised to the rank of exarchate, in 1995. The current Metropolitan of Bessarabia is Petru (Păduraru).
History
In 1812, after the annexation of Bessarabia by the Russian Empire, the Orthodox churches were re-organized as the Eparchy of Chişinău and Hotin, from the churches and monasteries of the Metropolis of Moldavia on that territory that no longer belonged to the Principality of Moldavia, by Gavril Bănulescu-Bodoni, a popular promoter of Moldavian/Romanian language and culture, who also served as its first Archbishop. After 1821, the Russian state and church started an extended policy of Russification.
In 1858, after southern Bessarabia was returned to Moldavia, which soon united with Wallachia to form Romania, the Orthodox churches in Cahul, Bolgrad, and Ismail re-entered under the Romanian Church jurisdiction of the Metropolis of Moldavia, which established the Diocese of the Lower Danube, in 1864. In 1878, after Russia re-annexed southern Bessarabia, the Russian Church jurisdiction was reinstated.
In 1918, after the Union of Bessarabia with Romania, the archbishop Anastasius Gribanovsky of the Eparchy of Chişinău was ousted after they refused to accede to Romania's demand to secede from the Russian Orthodox Church and integrate the eparchy in the Romanian one. With the advent of Greater Romania in 1918, there were three church bodies: the autocephalous Romanian Orthodox Church (on the territory of Smaller Romania—prior to 1918—formed in 1872 from the union of the Metropolis of Ungrovlahia with Metropolis of Moldavia), and the non-autocephalous Metropolis of Bessarabia and Metropolis of Transylvania. Therefore, in 1925, the rank of the Romanian Orthodox Church was raised to that of a Patriarchate, with the Metropolis of Bessarabia as one of its five sees. Gurie Grosu was the first Metropolitan of Bessarabia, and Efrem Enăchescu the second.
After the Soviet occupation of Bessarabia in 1940, the church, which then was a non-autonomous Metropolis, was banned, and its property has either changed uses, or was transferred to the Russian Orthodox Church, which established the Bishopric in Chişinău and Moldova. In the 1980s, two more bishoprics were added, and the See raised to the status of the Archdiocese, in 1990, and as the Metropolis of Chișinău and All Moldova, in 1992.
After Moldova's independence in 1991, part of the clergy followed Petru Păduraru, the Bishop of Bălţi, and re-established the Metropolis of Bessarabia. The Romanian Orthodox Church considered that, during the time, the Russian Orthodox Church jurisdiction on the former territory of Bessarabia was an unfair and abusive act in terms of historical reality and canon law, and as long as it remains under the Russian Orthodox Church, the jurisdiction right of the Metropolis of Chișinău and All Moldova can be exercised only to the Russian ethnics of Moldova.
The Russian Orthodox Church also refused to recognize the authority of the Bessarabian church, and the two metropolia started an uneasy co-existence. During the 1990s, the one subordinated to the Russian Orthodox Church gained the protection of the country's authorities and established itself as the official church, while the Orthodox Church of Bessarabia was refused registration according to the country's new law of religions. In 2004, after years of legal hurdles and a final decision by the European Court of Human Rights, the Orthodox Church of Bessarabia received official registration, the Supreme Court of Justice of the Republic of Moldova recognizing it as "the spiritual, canonical, historical successor of the Metropolitan See of Bessarabia which functioned till 1944, including". About 20% of country's Orthodox churches were or changed to be under its jurisdictions; a strong desire to similar moves has been expressed in many other parishes.
This decision continues to be a major area of tension with the Russian Orthodox Church. The position of the Romanian Orthodox Church in the dispute with the Russian Orthodox Church over the territorial jurisdiction is, according to a press release, that the two Metropolitan Sees should "peacefully co-exist and brotherly cooperate (…) harmonising, with wisdom and realism, the territorial principle with the ethnic principle, as agreed in the pastoral service of the Orthodox in Diaspora."
Structure and organization
The church is currently recognized only by some other Orthodox Churches, since the Patriarchate of Moscow opposes its recognition by all of them. The current Metropolitan of Bessarabia is Petru Păduraru (born 24 October 1946 in Ţiganca, elected as metropolitan in 1992), and it has about one third of the orthodox community in Moldova.
The Metropolis of Bessarabia consists of four eparchies:
Archdiocese of Chișinău
Diocese of Bălți
Diocese of Southern Bessarabia
Diocese of Dubăsari and Transnistria
See also
History of the Orthodox Church in Moldova
Religion in Moldova
List of members of the Holy Synod of the Romanian Orthodox Church
Metropolis of Moldavia and Bukovina
St. Teodora de la Sihla Church
Luminătorul
Misionarul
Gallery
References
External links
Official website
Website
Liberté de la Métropolie de la Béssarabie
Freedom of the Metropolis of Bessarabia
DECLARATION ECRITE N° 265 concernant l'arrêt de la Cour d'Appel de la République de Moldova relatif à la légitimité et à la liberté de la Métropolie de Bessarabie
WRITTEN DECLARATION No. 265 on the decision of the Court of Appeal of the Republic of Moldova on the legitimacy and freedom of the Metropolis of Bessarabia
Droit de l'Eglise métropolitaine de Bessarabie à sa propre succession juridique
Right of the Metropolitan Church of Bessarabia to its own succession in title
Complicité de la Patriarchie de Moscou et de toute la Russie avec le régime illégale et sécessioniste installé à l'Est de la République de Moldova
Complicity of the Patriarch of Moscow and all Russia with the illegal and secessionist regime installed in the east of the Moldovan Republic
Statement concerning the arguments of the representatives of the Romanian Orthodox Church justifying the decision to establish dioceses of the Metropolia of Bessarabia
Territorial Jurisdiction According to Orthodox Canon Law. The Phenomenon of Ethnophyletism in Recent Years, a paper read at the International Congress of Canon Law, 2001, (Ecumenical Patriarchate website)
Torna a Patriarcato di Mosca
Eastern Orthodoxy in Moldova
Christian organizations established in 1918
